 Paje fired again. The grey sludge that had become formless after being shot started to take shape back into a human form. 

Juno rolled out of the bed, her training taking control to get herself out of the field of fire. As another shot sounded, she scooped up her kit and weapon and dove out into the hall.

Paje followed and closed the door after them. She swapped magazines in her rifle and aimed it at the door. There was some bumping against it, but it faded away and soon it was gone. Paje turned to Juno who was clutching her things, looking up at her with tears in her eyes.

"That wasn't Inky. She's down on the main stairs," Paje explained as she kept her weapon trained on the door.

"I thought it was. I thought she really..." Juno trailed off.

Paje stomped her boot on the floor loudly to focus Juno, "Kit on, weapon ready. Doesn't matter what happened. I won't say anything. Just get ready for a fight!"

Juno quickly dressed, still worrying about what just happened, but her body acted on autopilot until she was ready. The door was still closed and so the girls left it to go and find help. They hadn't taken a single step before they heard the booms of a trench gun being fired.

****

Hannah felt the tugging bites on her breasts as the man below her kept trying to keep them in his mouth as the two men on either side of her bent-over body thrust into her. It was a miracle her legs had any strength left to them. After her last climax, she almost passed out. Every move the men made inside her was perfect, and she hadn't had to adjust herself or instruct them on anything. Their timing on shifting their positions was perfect. Just as she started to want something different, they did so on their own.

The man behind her didn't pull out as he let her body drop to straddle the man on the floor of the former library. She felt the man join his friend inside her. It wasn't often that she had men willing to let their members touch inside a woman. It was hard for Hannah to imagine the position of the man behind her and how he managed it, but she didn't care. The man who was down her throat let her catch her breath and slid himself in between her breasts as she pressed them together. Her sweat causing her hair to stick to her skin. She teased her nipples as she licked the manhood whenever it got close enough to her mouth.

Hannah screamed again at the rare sensation of two men bursting with seed inside her womanhood at the same time caused her own orgasm to rip through her body. The feeling of the man sliding between her breasts picked up the pace, until he interrupted her screams with his seed flowing onto her face and almost causing her to choke as it landed in her mouth. She felt it dripping down her cheeks and smiled as she crushed her breasts together with more force - until the unmistakable sound of a rifle shot snapped her attention. 

Another shot sounded, and Hannah dove for her trench gun, rolling once before reaching it. She chambered a round and looked at her clients. They seemed remarkably unconcerned.

"Get dressed, someone is shooting!" Hannah shouted.

Their facial expressions shifted, but unlike a normal face, theirs rippled before adopting a concerned look she expected them to have. So focused on their faces, she only noticed after turning her weapon on them that they were fully dressed like she had told them to be. Another two shots came and Hannah figured it was probably time to do the same.

"Oh, well... thanks for the fun," she said before firing.

The first of them burst into flame and ash as she fired the magical ammunition into its torso. The rest of his body flew apart in a grey sludge, some of it burnt. Another two shots settled the other two, and Hannah quickly gathered her clothing so she could dress. She wiped a hand across her face, but instead of a man's seed, it was the grey sludge. She tasted it in her mouth and spat it out.

"Well, that tastes awful," she commented, putting her clothing on.

Before going to the door when she was ready, she checked the room again and saw one of the puddles of sludge forming a face and a head from its remains. Tendrils of sludge started to grow from it to connect with the other puddles. She fired and burnt the head away before firing at all the other large puddles before they could do the same. Hannah backed towards the door before turning to check the hall. It was clear. She turned back to the room and kept her weapon aimed inside as she got into the hall and closed the door.

****

Ving gasped for air after falling into the fountain. It wasn't deep, but for a moment she had been covered in water. She might have hit her head if Leira's legs hadn't been in the way. Ving turned over and crawled over the body of the mermaid who was submerged, letting her gills breath while her mouth was busy with a man. After gripping the large breasts that were inflated big enough to let the nipples break the surface, Ving felt a man pushing into her from behind. 

Leira didn't know who was licking her breasts or nipping at her nipples, but she did her best to encourage it with her hands, mindful not to keep the head below water. All she could see was the man over her, sliding his long shaft down her throat for what seemed like an eternity before extracting it to repeat the process. Then she felt her bum being lifted and a man sliding inside her. It left her for a moment before coming back, and she was sure it had spent time inside the woman who was enjoying her breasts.

Ving loved feeling the man inside her, knowing he had just been in Leira. Yet, she also preferred not to have any interruptions in her own pleasure. Soon enough, he entered Ving and stayed inside her, thrusting hard.

Leira loved that the man was thrusting only inside her, but felt a bit sorry it meant he ignored whoever was making her breasts feel so wonderful.

Mari burst into the main lobby to see sex everywhere. She hesitated, seeing so much fun was distracting, but she knew she couldn't simply join in. Walking up to the closest men, the pair in the fountain sharing Ving and Leira, she drew her pistol on the one standing up and, hoping she wasn't making a mistake, she fired into his arm.

Instead of blood and flesh, Mari saw grey sludge splatter on the fountain and knew she had made the right call. She fired again into his head and saw it explode. Ignoring the feeling of it splattering on her, she aimed at the one on his knees behind the girls and fired. He fell backwards, a pair of cocks sliding out of the girls and she suddenly felt a bit sorry at ruining the fun.

Everyone snapped to attention. The girls in the fountain looked around. On the stairs, Inky already had her rifle in hand, pushing her partner off. Harriot was still being rammed against the wall, wishing for an all-clear whistle as she felt her man dumping another load inside her body.

"This wasn't a sex party!" Mari shouted. "It's a monster hunt!"

Mari pulled the girls from the fountain where the sludge was starting to collect into new forms, and Inky blew hard on her whistle to signal combat. 

Harriot and others who still had their weapons within reach, drew them and fired into the men who were deep inside their bodies. Girls in other rooms nearby also reacted, but didn't know the nature of the danger.

****

Vile was certain the man in her throat was bigger than before. He held her by the horns and thrust into her mouth, forcing it as wide open as it could go. Vile loved it, but was certain he couldn't possibly be so big, let alone be so big after not challenging her mouth the first time.

Tonna felt the man working what felt like his arm inside her, but couldn't see him as Vile thrust her hips into her face and wrapped her tails around her breasts. She felt Vile climax again as her tongue did its work inside her. Her own body spasmed as she felt seed bursting inside her, and for a moment she was filled with blissful satisfaction. 

Until she remembered she thought he had put his arm inside her. She pushed Vile away just a bit to look, and there she saw the man arm deep inside her. Except his arm looked like his penis. As she stared in stunned horror, the member inside her shifted from his arm to between his legs as if he had just been extremely well endowed. Tonna screamed as she used her tail to grab the man and fling him away. His body slammed against the house.

Vile quickly realised the tone of the scream wasn't from a climax and pulled away. The member that had been in her throat extracted and it slowly started to shrink before her eyes. Then there were the faint sounds of gunshots from the house. 

The two of them backed away from the groundskeepers, and after a few moments of exchanged glances, they heard a whistle.

"That's Inky's combat whistle!" Vile shouted.

"What do we do?" Tonna asked.

"Violence probably," Vile replied, letting her hands catch fire. "What's going on here?!"

When the men didn't reply, Tonna focused her curse and let her eyes glow. However, despite their skin turning to stone, something seemed off. Like it had shifted to stone rather than being directly turned. Plus, they were still looking at them and each other, as if casually confused.

"My turn!" Vile shouted, charging forward.

She picked one man up and slammed him against the wall. A normal human would have had the wind knocked out of them, but the thing she threw stuck to the wall like a splatter of sludge. It slowly fell from the wall and formed into a person again. Vile lashed out with fire this time and incinerated the other man near her before doing the same to the two approaching her after recovering from her attack.

"We need to get inside now!" Tonna yelled, moving towards the rear door.

She struggled with the handles before realising they were locked. Vile came up and took one of them. Between the two of them, they each pulled on one of the double door handles. While a bar on a door might keep a person or even an angry mob out, it failed under the might of the demon and the snake-haired naga.

****

Foxy heard the whistle but stayed where she was. Cat was handing her rifles from the pile of corpses as she expended them into the doorway. Every sludge monster she killed was soon replaced and they were piling at the door as it was slowly shot to pieces.

****

Hope sighed hard. She heard the whistle and it broke her buildup. She was pinned to a marble wall with her legs wrapped around the man inside her when she opened her eyes to look at him. He carried on with his thrusting as if he hadn't heard anything. She had been holding him by the head as he attended to her breasts, and so she lightly channelled some divine light into her hands. Had he been a creature of evil he would have started to burn but there was no reaction. She was about to stop when she moved her grip and saw the charred hair where her hand had been in a perfect representation of her palm. It didn't make sense! She had expected him to burn if he was something other than human, but it should have caused him to react, yet he kept his thrusting into her. 

Regardless of the reason he failed to react to the burning of his scalp, Hope pushed and kicked him away. She fell to her feet and dove for her mace. Lighting it up with holy fire, her naked body started to glow as she brought it down on the man looking at her in confusion. He burst into ash and sludge as her strike sent him across the chapel. Hope wasn't familiar with anything that would die that way and certainly not try to collect itself. She watched the wet remains try to pool together and she doused it with holy fire until all of it was ash, thankful that the chapel was made of stone.

****

One moment Juno and Paje were running down the hall, the next Paje stared at a trench gun in her face and Juno's rifle was aimed at Hannah. A moment later they relaxed.

"Well, today got interesting," Hannah commented as they secured the intersection of halls where the ambush happened.

"Sex-hungry sludge monsters," Paje replied, trying to get over getting caught unawares by Hannah. "They all like this?"

"Mine were," Hannah replied, motioning for them to continue more cautiously down the hall.

They could hear faint noises of shooting going on elsewhere when they heard another voice calling out very close by.

"A little help!" Emma cried from one of the rooms. "Anybody?!"

Hannah rushed in the direction of her call, and saw one of the doors being moved by thumping. "Emma?!"

"In here!" came her reply from the other side of the door. "I got something pinned!"

"You at the door?"

"No, I pinned the thing against it! It's trying to get at me!"

"If I shoot through the door, will I hit you?" Hannah asked, as she motioned for Juno and Paje to cover their ears as they each took place beside the door.

"Not anymore!"

Hannah fired and blew the centre of the door away in a burst of flaming wooden slivers. She opened the latch with her foot and kicked the door open. A wet noise came as the creature was crushed between the door and the wall. Hannah rushed in and kept her gun on the creature while Paje and Juno cleared the room. Emma was naked, standing on a table to the side, clutching her dress with one hand while the other was held out in front of her. 

"You alright?" Juno asked while helping her off the table.

"It turned into a different person. And I couldn't sense when it was watching me even when it was looking right at me."

"Can you sense us?" Paje asked, prompting Hannah to look at Emma as well to be certain.

"Yes, three sets of eyes," Emma replied before slipping her dress back on and putting the belt with the smallest pistol the ship had back on her hips. "I should have kept the gun close enough to grab, but I didn't want to get near it or let go of it with my hand."

"It's alright," Paje commented as she helped the elf.

"We all got caught with..." Hannah paused to consider her words. "Well, I was going to say 'with our pants down' but that's really just a normal day for us. 'Skirts up' maybe?"

"Some say 'dicks in hand' but they refer to men when they say that and well... that's also a normal day for us," Juno added.

"'Off guard' fits, but feels too formal," Paje offered.

"Whoring instead of hunting?" Emma asked, pointing at the sludge on the floor as it started to reform.

Hannah looked at it and fired again. "Works for me."

As they left the room, Emma used her spectral hand to snuff out any small fires that had started from Hannah's ammunition.

****

Inky blew on the whistle again. Those who were already in the entryway held their positions, firing at the grey sludge forms as they started standing up. Their backs to the door, they didn't want to leave without everyone else, yet seemed to be at a stalemate with the monsters. The monsters kept coming back and their ammunition was finite. Inky was about to order the girls to move as a group to start clearing a way through the house, when suddenly a burst of flame incinerated the sludge gathering at the fountain, and she was relieved to see Vile behind it.

"Cease fire!" Inky shouted.

The guns stopped, and they watched as Vile burnt every moving bit of sludge she could find without having to worry about being shot. As she worked through them, another burst of flame came from a doorway and Hope emerged. Vile was working her way up the stairs when Hannah came into the room from the second floor, gun firing. With the creatures near them dead, they could still hear the shooting downstairs.

"Hannah, clear the rest of the top floor!" Inky shouted. "Hope, check the rest of this floor! Take those three with you!" Inky commanded as Laurel, Astra, and Conna came in from another hall on the ground floor. "Tonna, keep them from getting out through the back door. Emma and Vile, with me. Anyone else not in uniform, guard the front."

Everyone rushed to their orders and Inky lead the way to the basement. 

Emma tried to catch the attention of everyone she walked by, making sure she could sense their gaze on her. When they reached the stairs, Inky sent Vile down first. 

"Foxy, cease fire!" she shouted.

" Then hurry, please!" Foxy replied, watching the sludge forms coming through the door. 

Cat grabbed her by the arm and pulled her deeper into the basement to keep their distance from the monsters.

Vile got to work with her fire, trying not to set the rest of the house on fire as she burnt the creatures to ash.

****

Liddy wasn't sure where the others had gone, but she didn't care. The massive lizardman who replaced them was exactly the fantasy she wanted. He held her by the waist with one hand and used her body like a toy over his massive member that was covered in bumps and edges that drove Liddy wild. Her body felt limp in his grip, like she could do nothing but let herself be used as he slithered his long tongue over her face and breasts. She could feel another member slithering inside her bum and expanding as he worked her body with his hard wrist motions.

She felt his seed bursting inside her, filling up both avenues before flowing from her being unable to keep any more of it inside her. All she could do was hold on to the wrist that held her, but her grip was weak and she was reduced to a quivering doll in his hand. Liddy could hear him laughing at her, a deep rumbling laugh from the towering form that barely fit inside the room. Being used in such a way by something inhuman like the beast inside her was exactly the fantasy she craved.

****

Oda and Ela didn't understand what was going on. Only that the whistle had blown and their clients seemed rather indifferent to them redressing and leaving. They could hear commotion in the rooms they approached. They heard a woman scream in ecstasy and entered quietly. There they saw Blaze with her ear pressed against the wall as to listen through it. She stood on the bed with a man thrusting inside her, grasping her breasts and figured it was business as usual until, they saw a strange looking hand also massaging her clit. 

"Blaze! Combat whistle!" Oda shouted.

Blaze was startled and fell backwards, pushing herself off the bed and landing on her partner. Instead of the sounds of pain or the discomfort of landing on someone with bones, she felt her partner squish beneath her. 

Ela rushed over and hauled her up and away. They aimed their weapons at the man who was partially a grey sludge where Blaze had landed on her. His extra arm was also gone.

"What the hell?!" Oda shouted.

"He... he used to have an artificial leg..." Blaze trailed off as his bare human leg started to shift into a metal appendage.

"Oh, that's probably what the alarm was about," Ela commented.

Oda grabbed Blaze and pulled her out while Ela grabbed her kit and weapon. They left the room and locked the door.

"Who's in the next room?" Ela asked, while Oda kept her weapon on the door.

"Liddy," Blaze admitted.

"Got a thing for the boss lady. Nice," Ela commented. "Now get dressed."

The two of them were getting ready to rescue Liddy while Oda kept a watch on the other door, when they heard a hiss from down the hall. Hannah approached with Juno and Paje, and they stacked up near the door. They listened to the sounds of Liddy enjoying herself. Slowly, Hannah opened the door to see a lizard beast violating Liddy as if using her body to masturbate rather than have sex. For a moment, the women were transfixed by the sight, but quickly took aim once the moment had passed. 

"Wait a moment," Hannah whispered.

They watched, Hannah listened. She knew the sounds Liddy made and how close she was. It started with a gasp, and soon Liddy screamed in a climax that started with a higher pitch before turning into a deep moan of pleasure. When she stopped, Hannah took the first shot.

