 Brenda and Mona were sitting in the park watching their four little boys and one very feisty little girl play on the equipment. Mona looked at her friend out of the corner of her eyes and muttered, "So, is there anything else you 'forgot' to tell me about being a nymph, besides my butt getting just as wet and juicy as my pussy when I'm turned on?"

Brenda rolled her eyes up innocently. "Oh, I just thought you'd have more fun finding out on your own."

Mona snorted delicately. "Jed sure did. And he wants you to know how much he appreciates my squealing when he buggers me now that he's gotten so big."

"You squeal? Really? All I do is grunt—until I start moaning, of course. I may have to consider a squeak now and again. Ken would probably like hearing that. And no, I haven't noticed anything else, except—well, other men are starting to look more and more attractive."

Mona nodded. "They are, aren't they? And I've got some news from Atlanta. Isaac was out on a vacation for a week's fishing. He told me that it seems some of the CDC staff have been 'converted' and started doing some self-examination in their off time. They found the cause."

Brenda looked alarmed. "Are they working on a cure? I hope they don't find one."

"Well, you know how things are with the government. Eventually, everything turns political. And, yes, they could find a cure for it because it's a fluke."

"A fluke? Like in liver flukes? Ewww!"

"No, Bren, this one is totally benign. It's—well, we've found that the microorganisms in your body actually outweigh the cells that are you? This is just one more like those. You know, hardly any of them ever cause trouble and some are essential for good health. Just figure this is another."

"Right! And as soon as the 'moral guardians' of America find out?"

"Funny that you should mention that. There have been a couple of sermons preached against these little hitch-hikers but only once each time. It seems that some reverend will get all huffy on a Sunday but by the next week has completely changed the subject. Even the Catholic priests! It's not like I believe in conspiracies or anything but . . ."

"But the correlation is high. Uh-huh! So we can pass this on through any kind of sexual activity? Vaginal, oral or anal?"

"Since they show up in saliva as well as semen and vaginal/anal secretions, probably with a hot kiss."

"Interesting. To change the subject only slightly, about the time I went all smooth, Ken started growing a lot more hair. Like, clear down to the tops of his feet and the second knuckles of his fingers. Has Jed?"

"Yup. I noticed that myself recently. We were sitting on the couch watching a movie with the kids when I looked at his hands. He's never had hair on even the first knuckles until now. But now honey, each digit has its own patch. Last month I'd have gone 'Ewww', too, but now it's so sexy. I could hardly wait to get him into bed."

Brenda stroked her lips thoughtfully. "That means you can walk through a crowd or an office or the store and by looking at a guy's hands have a pretty good idea whether he's one of us or not. That really is interesting."

Mona grinned slyly. "And it means that a quickie in the stockroom or a blowjob under a desk adds another to the population. And one more funny statistic. The FBI's quarterly crime report shows violent crime down by an amazing amount. Even gang warfare in the inner cities is at the lowest level on record. This isn't only true in America. Latin America, Africa, even the Middle East—on every continent violence is plummeting."

Brenda's eyes widened. "Do they think there's a connection?"

Mona shrugged. "Correlation is not causation. No one knows. But suspicions are growing. And that's why no one is interested in a 'cure'."

*****

In her best, most professional (that is to say non-provocative) business suit, Brenda walked down the corridors of Barnum, Kieffer and Tong with her laptop, her usual collection of binders and a very unusual awareness of the other members of the firm. Her nostrils flared to detect the slightest hint of pheromone, her eyes peeled for unusual hair patterns and her color sense highly tuned to detect any new brightness of eye or skin that hadn't been there a week ago. Could she be the only nymph in the entire company? It seemed most unlikely given the speed with which the flukes seemed to be permeating the country.

"Ms. Logan?" Mr. Kieffer called her from his corner office, "Could you step in for a few moments? I'm trying to figure out what Hassock is trying to say with this set of charts."

Brenda walked into the luxurious suite with its paneled walls, fine artwork and antique furniture but paid little attention to any of it. Instead her eyes focused on the senior partner's hands. Sure enough, a thick tangle of silver hair peaked out from under his tailored shirt cuffs and down to the second knuckle of each hand. Someone had gotten to Mr. Kieffer and that fact quickly got to Brenda. She could feel moisture forming between her thighs and heat starting to flow up from her crotch. She turned the lock as she shut the door.

"You don't need to come up with an excuse to get me into your office," she whispered, melting into his arms, "It isn't like I have anything pressing at the moment."

"Splendid," murmured Kieffer, "then what say we take an early lunch and make it last the afternoon? I have a room reserved at the Luxus just across the street."

Brenda trembled at the thought. Her anthropology classes had taught her that women were always attracted to high-status men, especially attractive ones and Mr. Kieffer qualified on both accounts. Yes, she thought, she would gladly spend the afternoon satisfying his every desire and then after the boys were asleep, do the same for Ken. She was a nymph. Sex was what she did.

Leaving the office discreetly the couple crossed the street, whisked through the lobby into the elevator and shot to the 15th floor. Mr. Kieffer's 'room' was a full suite with palatial bedroom, living room, bar and kitchenette. He poured her a chilled Chardonnay while she undressed and took it, posing for him in nothing but heels.

"You're gorgeous, Ms. Logan,"

"Thank-you, Mr. Kieffer. How and how often do you want me this afternoon? Am I getting the entire four round, all-orifice satyring or do you want something specific?"

Kieffer poured himself a large Pinot Noir and swirled it around in the glass. "You know, I haven't decided. Your allure dumbfounds me, Ms. Logan, and it's all I can do to keep from throwing myself onto you right here on the carpet."

His free hand reached out to enfold her right buttock, squeezing and stroking before thrusting a rude finger between them and rimming her anus. Brenda squealed quietly and wiggled before putting her arms around his neck. "You want me that way, Mr. Kieffer? My husband loves sodomy so I'm quite used to it."

Kieffer put down his glass and gave Brenda a long, steamy, probing kiss before stepping back and starting to remove his suit. "I believe your suggestion of the four round, all orifice satyring is what I have in mind. Since this is our first tryst a complete exploration of your compliant body seems in order."

Brenda dropped to her knees, still holding the glass, and watched as the man removed his suit, necktie, dress shirt with cufflinks and the rest of it. The mass of grey hair down his chest and legs, the great bag of his satyr's scrotum and the magnificence of his rampant cock made her salivate. Yes, she would swallow his seed, pleasure him between her breasts, receive his full gift of semen and moan and squeal as he plundered her bottom. It would be a grand afternoon's tryst. And he has said this was their first. That implied there would be more. Delicious!

*****

The hotel bath provided heated towels. That was a feature Brenda thought hers at home needed as she dried off. Sex had been wonderfully messy as Mr. Kieffer was a most virile satyr, indeed. 

"My dear," he began as he commenced dressing after their shower, "my wife is proposing an octet orgy this coming weekend. Four couples with the men taking their turns with each woman in bondage while the other three watch and wait their turn. Might you and your husband be interested in joining us?"

"You mean tie each wife up and all four men use her before going on to the next? I'm not sure that sitting that long in rope would be comfortable, Mr. Kieffer." Brenda found the general idea attractive but the details worried her.

"No, no. We use comfortable, fleece-lined leather cuffs. Rope can be hazardous if left on too long. Allison will start on a table with her wrists, elbows, knees and ankles cuffed down and each man will use her as he desires. The others will wait their turns, suspended. As each woman is enjoyed she then relaxes to one side and watches the rest. Three slings, one table, four women. Does that sound better?"

Brenda had met Allison Kieffer at a company party before. She was slim, elegant and patrician. The image of her tethered to a table while four men ravished her, making her moan and buck and whimper was irresistible. Her mind's eye conjured up Ken, all black hair and giant genitalia, pulling the silver locks while pounding her ass. He would like that.

"I'll arrange for baby-sitting this evening, Mr. Kieffer. We'll be there."

*****

Ken was a little dubious at first. "Fuck with the Keiffers? Isn't that a little out of our league?"

Brenda took his cock out of her mouth. "Not out of my league, Mr. Logan. Not after this afternoon. Don't tell you aren't excited about sinking this great tool into Allison Kieffer's fancy backside, I can tell from how stiff it got. And she'll only be the first. You'll be having four women in one night, Kenneth, and three of them are new meat. C'mon, stud, you're a satyr. This is what we do!" 

The Kieffer's home was, as expected, at the top of a hill and the head of a long winding driveway. The invitation had specified dressy casual—and easily removable! That sounded simple enough so Brenda went in a bias cut, clinging caftan with nothing beneath and Ken in boat shoes, draw string pants, a camp shirt and a light jacket. They parked in front and went up to the imposing oak door and rang the bell.

"Darlings!" Alison Kieffer swept them up in a pair of tight hugs that left them as breathless as did her outfit. The woman had decided to forget anything covering and just gone for embellishment in jewelry and a black leather harness that displayed her mature, but trim and taut figure to the best. "Do come in and meet everybody. Everyone, this lovely couple are Brenda who works for Thomas and her stalwart Kenneth. Give the nice people a glass of wine, sweetheart, so they can waltz down the buffet before we get to the entertainment."

Light plates of cold, prime beef with horseradish sauce, pickled vegetables and fresh fruit (and more wine) later the guests were herded down the stairs into the basement. There, as promised was a large, padded table with eight leather cuffs chained in place. From the ceiling hung some odd-looking slings. 

"Now, how in the world do those work?" Brenda asked.

"Get naked and Thomas will show you, dear," Allison purred. "You ladies get strung up first and then the gentlemen will have their wicked ways with me. Then it will be your turn."

Brenda was getting in the mood already, probably do to the light atmosphere of pheromone in the air, so she languidly pulled on the zipper and let her caftan fall away while Mr. Kieffer lowered the first sling. An 'I' shaped frame with leather cuffs was held against her back. Mr. Kieffer stretched her arms out straight and buckled them in place at wrist and elbow. Then did the same with her ankles, knees and thighs before tying her hair to a chord. Then he pressed a button and an electric winch swept the woman off her feet and into a spread-eagled, horizontal position, breasts dangling and sex open and exposed.

"Oh!" 

Mr. Kieffer took her face in his hands and covered her lips with his. As the kiss continued the hands moved to her breasts, bouncing, squeezing and running thumbs maddeningly around her nipples. He backed away and then ducked under her legs, spreading her ass cheeks with his hands and running his tongue up and down, clit to pucker as Brenda cried out, whimpered and chirped until she wailed in orgasm.

As she came down, panting, Allison stood in front of her, a mischievous look on her face. "Well, what did you expect? The other three gentlemen have to have something to do while the fourth is enjoys being the centerpiece. Besides, it will get you in the mood for whatever they want. Well, ladies? What are you waiting for?"

Within minutes Yolanda and Dorothy were hung like Brenda and being subjected to the same treatment until a bell rang.

"Enough for now," Allison announced as she climbed up onto the platform. "Tommy, dear, please pull the name of the lucky starter and then post the order of copulation. And while he's doing that, Frank, would you tether me in place like a good boy? Thank-you, dear, I'm looking forward to your attention."

Soon, bound arm and leg, her ass and mouth within easy reach of the platform's edges, Alison was blindfolded with thick silk. All she would know was that four men would be making carnal use of her. Which one would demand what would be a mystery but compliant nymph that she was, the hostess would entertain to the best of her ability.

Mr. Kieffer pulled out a tag with Ken's name on it and posted it at #1. His own followed, then Max and Frank and he returned to Brenda. "Don't tell Ken," he whispered, "but I put him first on purpose. He deserves it for allowing us to take such delicious delights with you. And we'll switch the order around once you're blindfolded. We do that to every woman." His mouth returned to hers and his hands to her breasts. 

Around the corner of Mr. Kieffer's passionate kissing, Brenda caught sight of her husband stripping off his clothes and taking his position in front of Ms. Kieffer. Her rubbed the head of his swelling organ across her cheeks and lips before seizing her by the hair and thrusting it down her throat. Alison, it turned out, was a skilled fellatrix and took him easily. The excitement in the room was obvious, from the other women's gasps and wails and the men's lewd mutters. Perhaps Ken would have indeed enjoyed holding Alison's hair and buggering her but he couldn't wait and soon shot his load down her throat. Coming back for more was tempting but the rules said once with each woman. So instead he relinquished the turn to Mr. Kieffer and turned his attention to Yolanda's dark backside.

When, in time, all four men had had their pleasure with Alison, her blindfold was removed, her tethers undone and she was escorted to a lounge to one side. Yolanda took her place on the platform and the lovely African American began to serve.

Brenda was last and by the time she was lowered and helped to the platform she had had so many orgasms she could hardly stand. And knowing that she was the last was hardly a relief. All the men had cum three times by now and she knew from experience that the fourth time took longer and was harder. I'm a vessel for their use, a fruit for their picking. Whatever they want of me I will give. I'm a nymph. Sex is what we do.

Held tightly in place and blindfolded, Brenda was surprised when one enormous phallus entered her mouth while another took its place in her sex. Spit roasted! If each man would take longer it was only logical that they should use her two at a time. Plundered fore and aft she satisfied their lust working throat and vaginal muscles to enhance the men's pleasure. At long last a warm jet shot down her throat and the man behind her sent his final load for the evening deep inside her. But no sooner had he withdrawn than another took his place in her juicy, welcoming ass. And as before her mouth was taken and enjoyed while she squeaked from the monstrous tool defiling her bottom.

When at last her 'ordeal' was over, Bren was gently released and carried over to the other women. They applauded her politely.

"My gracious, darling," Alison enthused, "that was well done. Watching you was so exciting I shall have to seduce Tommy before breakfast tomorrow just thinking about it. I can see why my naughty husband insisted on inviting you two. This little group rotates so we can all have fun with each other over the year but I am absolutely putting the pair of you on the list for our bigger party at the solstice. And Kenneth, do let me have your cell number. Sometimes when Tommy is traveling I need comforting. Come to think of it—Tommy, next time you travel take Brenda and I'll 'baby-sit' for Kenneth while he works."

*****

Monday morning there was a sealed envelope on her desk with her name on it. Opening it Brenda read "My darling Brenda. Thank-you so much for your attention this past week and for coming to our little get together Saturday evening. You are splendid. Now, I have an additional assignment for you. You doubtless don't know this but the transition to 'mythic' from normal human is deliberate. It's all part of a plan hatched by, and I know this sounds silly, an intelligent alien who resides in a small, mid-western college. I know, I met him. The idea is that by converting our species in this way we shall 'make love, not war' and be rid of the curse of violence that has caused such grief in our world. Now, I have an assignment for you. I want you to seduce and convert everyone in our headquarters, men and women alike. I'm reassigning you to the empty office in the other corner of the floor. Come up with a design that looks professional but which can be quickly turned into a 'playground'. Use your pheromones to good effect and then turn the new satyrs and nymphs out on their families and neighbors. You will no doubt enjoy it immensely. 

T. Kieffer

Sr. Partner"

Brenda read the letter through several times but at last came to the conclusion that Mr. Kieffer meant exactly what he said but to make sure she called Alison.

"He absolutely means it, darling," came the cheerful reply, "and I think he's chosen the perfect woman for the job."

"But," protested Brenda, "he wants me to seduce the women, too? I've never done girly sex."

"That's hardly a difficulty," Alison chuckled over the phone, "meet me Delmonico's for lunch. We'll go the Tommy's suite in the Luxus and I'll introduce the concept."