 Hannah hadn't had any time to ask Ving how her flight went. Ving had been overwhelmed with excitement and too desperately in the mood to talk as she pushed Hannah into her racer and closed the door. Hannah set her weapon down in the cockpit as Ving tore off her clothing and shoved her to the floor. Getting mounted so aggressively by Ving was a rare pleasure for Hannah whose hands could tell Ving had been aching for love for a while since she had taken off in the fighter to be exact, if she made her guess. Hannah had only just gotten Ving's pants open when they heard a voice calling.

"Miss Ving? Are you here?" the adoring fan called.

Ving tore her top off, ready to ignore the man -- when he knocked on the side of the racer.

"I found your jacket on the deck out here. Everything alright? I had an idea!"

Hannah gathered her clothing and ducked into the cockpit moments before the door opened.

"I have a cannon that I think would fit..." He trailed off at the sight of Ving on her knees with her pants undone and only a thin green bra to cover her breasts.

"Yeah, you do," Ving replied with a smirk as she checked out how her fan's trousers suddenly grew.

"I meant I, ummm... a mounting where..." He fumbled for his words.

Ving turned around and slid her leather pants down to reveal her matching underwear as she got on all fours. "Mounting sounds good. Do it!"

Cluing into her subtle cues, the man reached out and groped Ving's bum as she wiggled it for him. Slowly gaining confidence that it wasn't a joke, he slid his hand between her legs and rubbed against her underwear. 

Hannah started touching herself, hidden in the cockpit, as she heard her lover moan. She could understand why others didn't want their lovers to be with others, but for her, the sight and sound of Ving being pleasured was bliss. There were gaps in the separation from the cockpit to the engine area, and Hannah used it to spy on the man as he liberated himself from his trousers and got in behind Ving.

Ving was made to wait and suffer, feeling the man resting between her bum cheeks as he reached behind and closed the door to the racer. Hannah was in view, and she could see her lover already working a pair of fingers inside herself and massaging the flesh that dripped in pleasure. So lost in the sight of her woman that she wasn't ready for the sudden thrust inside her, she screamed hard and pushed back to slam her fan against the door to drive him deeper inside her. He pushed back and Ving started fighting him with her body, as if each thrust was a test of power where they both would win.

"Always imagined this," he grunted as he held Ving by the hips, using a thumb to keep her underwear out of the way of his thrusts.

"What else did you imagine doing to me?" Ving asked with a plaintive moan that always got Hannah going when she heard it.

He replied by taking himself out of Ving and pushing into her again.

Ving screamed again at the unexpected intrusion into her bum, gripping any handles she could find to steady herself and tried to relax enough to admit him. 

Hannah smiled in sympathy, it was never easy to relax your body that way when you don't expect it in the middle of sex. She had expected him to make use of her mouth.

Ving felt him pull her upwards to sit on his lap while he remained in her bum, letting her control the pace and force of the thrusts. She blocked his view and smiled. Hannah watched her breasts bounce in the confines of her bra as she rocked her body on the manhood within her. She positioned her legs inside his, so her wide spread would keep his apart as well.

Hannah took the hint and slowly crawled in front of Ving and licked at her lover, tasting him where he had just been inside. Ving always tasted better with someone else mixed in. Then the unmistakable sound of a man grunting his finish told her it was time to hide again.

As Hannah slunk back into the cockpit, Ving rested herself a moment with him inside her on his lap as he finished his load and softened inside her.

"I always wanted my seed in your ass. How's it feel?" he asked as if it was any different from the many other times' many other men had done the same.

"It's always the best when its a dream come true," Ving replied, flashing a wink at Hannah.

****

Inky smiled at Vile as she came back carrying a fine wardrobe that looked like it would get put in Liddy's bedroom. Seeing Vile's muscles flex and move with the effort as she walked by turned her on almost as much as knowing she had sex with the other girls while she was out.

"Have fun?" Inky asked as Liddy came to her side.

"Found a statue, but it's not the sort of thing the clients would really be interested in seeing. So I just grabbed every dress or outfit they had and piled it in that thing." Liddy motioned to the wardrobe. "Not a whole lot here I really want other than the clients. How's things?"

"Volume over quality. Nobody is anywhere near as rich as we normally serve, but it does seem like they hadn't had a chance to spend their money in a while so I think we are bleeding them dry," Inky replied, turning back to Liddy after Vile left her view.

"Good. I'd like to move on soon if we can. When things seem to slow down, we will. Where is Hannah?" Liddy asked, suddenly suspicious.

"Just got back. Ving is getting some mods to her racer done, but it seems something got interrupted because Hannah stole some clients and hasn't left the workroom since. Now there is a line." Inky nodded to the door men were waiting near, moving every time a happy man left the room.

"Good, keeping her out of trouble. What about that friend of hers?"

"Jessica? Asked us to blindfold some of her men. Didn't want them to know she was the woman they fucked. We get paid either way so I said sure. I think she's done already."

"What about Emma and that mirror thing?"

"Works like a charm. Should be better when we haven't so many clients though. Almost nobody is ever available when they come in. I think she's below right now resting. We've been more of a factory than brothel with so many clients. It's easier to manage when we can just raise the prices until we have a steady flow, but can only get it so high here."

"Alright then, I guess that means I need to put myself on the menu. I'm gonna check on whoever is downstairs, then I'll be back."

****

Emma held her legs tightly together for a moment before spreading them wide again and letting out a tired sigh. "Nothing seems to be comfortable. Damn I'm sore! I just need a rest and a drink!"

Mari passed over the bottle, "Well, I can help with one of those. It's not a substitute for rest but it takes the edge off."

Easy was massaging her jaw, trying to keep it closed while she talked. "We should just lay naked in the lounge and let the guys waiting do what they want."

"Bored in a sniper's nest would be great right about now." Laurel moaned while laying on her belly to keep pressure off her bum. "My ass is killing me."

"Next town is a day away," Liddy announced as she came down the stairs. "So we should be good to rest in transit. Also, except for Ving, we are all back on the ship so let us take the pressure off you girls. This is far better than what would have happened if these pirates had gotten the better of us."

"Glad to see you might start working today," Hope remarked as she came down the steps. "The men do love blonde women. I don't think I'm enough. Lucky for me that pain is good for the soul."

"I had no idea my soul was so healthy!" Mari shouted, triggering the other women to laugh loudly for a few moments.

Juno came down the steps, "Hey, Emma?"

"Yes? No?" Emma replied. "What's this about?"

"The pirate king sent a messenger. I think he wants to fuck you."

"The messenger or the king?"

"Probably both considering the mirror thing showed me you when he showed up, but it's the king that's making the appointment."

"Fine, I suppose his balls got better."

"Please treat them more kindly this time," Liddy requested while looking up her dress as Emma slowly walked up the stairs.

****

Tonna couldn't quite remember what it was like to be sore from sex. She knew she had felt it before like the other girls did. Yet now, her jaw could unhinge if she wanted and it never felt sore. Her snake body could take anything that anyone rammed into it and it just never slowed her down. The men got over her form quickly once they got to aroused to care. Her breasts seemed to do most of the convincing when she used four hands to fondle them. She watched Leira in the fountain in the lounge, entertaining clients while she rested her body. Leira had worked hard since getting back on the ship and Tonna wasn't surprised.

Vile had come into the lounge and stood by Tonna to watch Leira. "Having fun?"

"Yes. Even if most want the more human girls, I have still had enough to keep me busy. Might want to check on Foxy though. She's been in the same workroom for hours."

Vile followed Tonna's nod to the workroom where a client was leaving. She saw Foxy on the bed, almost too exhausted to move. 

"I'm ready for a break now," Foxy managed to mutter into the sheets.

"You shouldn't work yourself so hard. Too sore to even move isn't good for you Foxy," Vile responded with concern.

"I'm all right. Just can't feel my legs. Lost count of my climaxes. Not even that sore, just wobbly." Foxy giggled.

"You need sleep, and you are probably dehydrated as well." Vile picked up Foxy from the bed and carried her down the stairs.

At the bottom, Astra saw them and opened the door to Foxy's bunk. "She okay?"

"Make sure she gets water and maybe some food. Then sleep. I think she's done for the day."

"I'm fine, just give me a few." Foxy started to slur her words as she was put down on her bed.

Vile turned around to see Astra with a canteen and what looked like a ration can. "I'm going to tell Inky. We need to make sure everyone gets water. We are getting careless."

"Agreed. Thanks for getting her."

"Tonna called it, but you are welcome."

Vile marched the length of the ship so she wouldn't trample clients before going back up to find Inky who could tell by the impact of her hooves, that something was up.

"What is it?" Inky asked before Vile had even got to the bottom of the stairs.

"We need to do a check on everyone. Foxy was dehydrated and giddy. We left her alone too long."

Inky snapped her fingers at Blaze who had just come on deck with Oda. "Relay to everyone that we want to check in on girls between every client to make sure they are good. If anyone goes without a rest for more than an hour, make them rest and get some water."

The girls saluted and started quietly relaying the orders.

"Damn it, I shouldn't have missed that." Inky hissed under her breath.

"Every woman on this ship shouldn't have missed that," Vile replied. "Factory fucking isn't what we are used to. Now we have a new rule for it."

"I should have been managing the shifts better. Getting the girls who have seen the most clients onto guard duty, rotating them out."

"That's my cue to go relieve someone then," Ving remarked as she came through the door.

"Me as well. I'm ready." Vile nodded, knowing Inky was going to be in a sour mood no matter what she said.

****

Emma put a forced smile on her face to meet the pirate king just to annoy him a bit. "Mister Mad King, so good to see you again. How are your balls?"

"Ready to be emptied, if you would be so kind," he replied.

Emma regarded the woman in the fine dress standing behind him. "M'lady." Emma curtsied.

"Oh, my wife," he mumbled in surprise. "Yes, this is my wife. Ness. She wanted to see you do your best to... demonstrate your apology."

Emma shrugged, "Well, at least one woman in the room will be satisfied by the end."

Inver let his mouth hang open in surprise at the impudent elf.

"I think you have it wrong. I'm the one who's supposed to open my mouth. Aren't I?" Emma feigned confusion.

"Get to it then," he stated, hands on his hips, waiting for her.

Emma shrugged again and opened the fly on his fine suit and started to pull him free before making him blow his load in his own pants. "Wait, seriously?!" she shouted, having made damn sure he let go of every drop he had.

"Already?" Ness came around to see and looked as surprised as Inver at the mess.

"Well, at least the amount was impressive. I guess." She shrugged, trying to sound like she was genuinely trying to console him.

Ness waved Emma out of the room and she complied, after snagging a kerchief out of his suit pocket to wipe her hands clean. She left it on the floor as she walked away, grinning mischievously.

****

Liddy had a much better understanding of just how taxing it had been for the girls to work the pirate base after she closed the ship when she herself simply couldn't take any more. She decided against any more clients, even after a good night's rest. Everyone needed a full night's sleep and a full day off before their next destination. Plus, Ving was their pilot and she was too sore to stand much less fly.

"I really hope your racer is done by tomorrow--" Liddy winced and grabbed her jaw on both sides. "Ow! Damn. My jaw."

"Should be. His ass can see the clients if it's not," Ving replied.

"Where is Hannah?" Liddy asked, trying not to move her jaw while she massaged it.

"Being diplomatic, I think."

"Fuck..."

"Probably that too."

****

Hannah had found Ness in her husband's office alone. When she walked in, the woman looked up from her work at his desk and eyed her carefully. Hannah returned the look, admiring the lace that made a false attempt to hide the cleavage from her bust. Emma's appraisal had been accurate. Mature and sexy under a mask of superiority.

"Is there a reason you are here?" The woman tried to check out Hannah without being noticed.

Hannah smirked as the woman darted her eyes to her chest twice before fixing them on her face. "We are having some downtime now and are leaving at dawn."

"I see. Done selling yourselves to the working dregs?"

"Actually, we are trying to stay ahead of the western kingdom that's being formed. Pretty soon the armies too busy to hunt you down will be on the same side and we don't want to get stuck here when they show up." Hannah liked the way her body moved as it squirmed while hearing the news.

"I suppose you won't be the only one moving on," She stated, and Hannah wondered if she meant herself or her working dregs.

"If you are a good enough fuck, I could swing you a birth on the ship," Hannah delivered bluntly. "Don't worry, we don't normally service the working dregs, though you could do with some hazing."

"I don't sell myself to anyone. I have a lot more self-respect than that!" she shouted, rising to her feet and leaning on the desk, incidentally offering Hannah a better view of her cleavage.

"Aren't you married to a man who wanted you to watch while another woman got him off?"

"I don't care how he uses his lessers! He or I can have whoever we want. I could have you if I wanted and make you scream with satisfaction!"

"I want to counter you," Hannah paused. "But that's never really been something that's been overly difficult in my experience. Over fifty men today and I have climaxed almost as many times. I lost count. If you think you can do better..."

"I will make you apologize for being impudent and beg me for more! You wouldn't be the first woman to serve me faithfully in exchange for pleasure. If you have talent, you might just last longer than your poor friend Jessica. She's lucky she has other talents."

Suddenly something made sense to Hannah. Jessica had never been one for sex yet she, according to Inky, had gotten herself involved with a number of her men without them knowing. This woman had manipulated her in some way and caused a fundamental shift in the personality of her friend.

"How did you meet her?" Hannah asked, trying to figure it out.

"I'm not answering questions! Take off your clothes and get on your knees!" Ness shouted, coming around the desk to stand in front of Hannah.

Hannah complied, stripping out of her dress and letting her underwear fall to the floor with it and the purse she brought. Just as Ness was getting impatient she started to lower herself. However, instead of going to her knees, Hannah dropped quickly and swept her leg under Ness to knock her to the floor. Hannah climbed on top, grabbing the purse and sat on her belly while using one hand to pin her arms above her head.

"What are you doing?!" Ness shouted.

"Asking questions. Now you can either answer or I can use this." Hannah pulled the vibration wand from her purse and turned it on.

Ness was confused and didn't know what the noise making object was. "She was looking for work! Husband recruited her and I wanted some fun. So I told her if she made me happy I would make sure my husband promoted her. She refused, so I let the boys have her for a week. She was much more pliable by then. Then I--"

Her words were cut off by Hannah yelling with rage and striking down with the tool to cave in the woman's skull. A hand on her arm stopped her and Hannah turned to see Jessica looking down at her trying to get her to stop. It took a moment for Hannah to settle the rage and hear what was being said.

"That's not what happened! Stop" Jessica pleaded. 

Hannah stopped resisting her friend and stood up. "Explain." She demanded, looking back at the woman on the floor.

"We are lovers. Neither of us wanted anyone to know, so we made up a story so nobody would ever suspect. We got caught, but that wasn't the issue. Her husband just doesn't want her being friendly with anyone. So we acted like I was being forced. The men she let 'have me' for a week were never named, they never existed. Some claimed credit but nobody was impressed with them saying they did that so it just faded away."

"Then what was with the thing on the ship?! And why would she bother with the lie to me?!" Hannah yelled.

"We wanted to add some distance between us, make it seem like it was over. She kicked me to the curb, I got myself fucked by my men. The rumours will start soon enough but nobody will know for sure. I will start some saying I just bribed your girls to pretend it was me or something. We just wanted enough ambiguity so we could start seeing each other secretly. But when I heard you were going to talk to her, I knew you might hear the wrong thing. Please, believe me. I love her."

Ness had gotten to her feet, pale as snow, realising just how close she had come to death. "I'm sorry. I thought I would just bluster and you would storm out."

Hannah could hear the tremble in her voice. "I almost crushed your skull into a paste. If you rather I did that to your husband, I can be obliged." She angrily redressed herself while Ness and Jessica embraced.

"Oh, I don't think so." Came the angry voice of Inver as he emerged from behind some tapestries on the wall, armed with a long blade he brandished like an amateur. "I thought I was going to see my wife and a new toy, not hear all this!"

Hannah inwardly cursed. Not only had she only just gotten her underwear on but she had left the purse on the floor with the pistol. "I suppose I could do it post-mortem." Hannah kicked up her purse.

In the time it took Hannah to draw the pistol from the purse, Inver had crossed the room and swung his sword at her and hit the gun out of her hand. She dodged a second swing and a third as she tried to get a measure of his skill.

Jessica backed away from the encounter with Ness and shoved her towards the main door before picking up a chair and throwing it at the man attacking her friend.

Hannah lamented the chair's inability to slow her attacker down when it bounced off his shoulder and decided he needed to make a mistake to give her an opening. "So, I guess this is why you are called the 'Mad' king. 'Jealous inadequate git' just doesn't roll off the tongue the same way."
