 In the basement of the Faculty Club at Benthamsthwaite College, Teddy pondered. If the alien had had a head (and fingers), he'd have scratched it. Lacking either he just puzzled over the data from the health center. Each entering freshman had (unbeknownst to them) an extra vial of blood drawn and sent to him, thus allowing the master genetic engineer to thoroughly map their DNA and consider which to add to his breeding program. Over the last two hundred or so years, Teddy had managed to develop a considerably more intelligent population of human around the college and naturally had 'modified' them chemically and physically to make the task easier. It had been great fun. Humans had all sorts of orifices he could probe and enjoy with his myriad tentacles and the chemicals they gave off when sexually aroused were as fine wine. (A little fear added spice but he felt guilty about doing that too often.) Eventually, they would be able to build a star ship and he would be able to go home (taking a few of his 'pets' along as presents for friends and family) but in the meantime, Teddy was having a wonderful life.

A decade before, he had developed a commensal fluke that when transmitted by sexual contact caused the men to turn into preternaturally potent, priapic hairy satyrs and the women into voluptuous, placidly compliant nymphs. The 'infection' was rapidly spreading across the globe though he did wonder how it was all playing out in the Middle East. Oddly though, not a single one of this year's freshman class had been converted. While the infection was too recent for any to have been born with it, surely at least a handful would have already acquired it in automobile back seats, under stadium bleachers, or even motel rooms? Such did not appear to be the case; it was a statistical anomaly. No matter. Whether through the influence of the faculty, upperclassmen or himself, Teddy was sure that by June not one would remain 'basic/normal'. The best part was that they really had no choice.

*****

Somewhere else under the campus Olivia and Kelli were lost. They didn't admit it because creeping around service tunnels, storm drains and abandoned subterranean corridors was part of the game and they refused to let it defeat them. Though playing Laura Croft was generally accepted as being impossible (nobody is that physically fit!) Tomb Raider as a RPG was sweeping the continent and Benthamsthwaite's freshman class could hardly wait to get involved. While the older students dismissed the idea, claiming to have 'better' things to do, the youngest members of the community kitted themselves up with high-power flashlights, Go-Pros, climbing ropes, protein bars, fluorescent chalk and helmets and headed off (and down) for adventure.

"Hell, GPS doesn't read down here," Olivia grumbled, "I wonder what part of the campus we're under."

"Beats me," came the rejoinder, "this college has been around for almost two hundred years. Who knows what some of these tunnels were used for? Look, this one is cut from solid rock. You can see the chisel marks."

"Oh, hell. That means when we pushed those old barrels over and opened that old trap door we dropped into uncharted territory."

"So?" Kelli began to get excited, "All we have to do is backtrack to get out and in the meantime we're the first people in years to come here. Look down. There isn't so much as a scuff in the dust on the floor. Probably no one has come this way since it was part of the Underground Railroad."

Olivia sniffed. "If it ever was. I know Benthamsthwaite likes to brag about it but I want to see the documentation. I'm as likely to believe that story as I am tales of alien abduction!"

In the midst of his contemplation, Teddy became aware of footsteps in the tunnel above. Focusing his attention, he heard the two girls approach. Nearly all the humans who'd encountered him thought he was essentially a sessile, tree-sized, trunked sea anemone. They were wrong. Teddy's shape-changing abilities were considerable, as was his speed when necessary. Turning into something resembling a giant slime mold, he flowed across the floor, up the walls and along the ceiling to a place where, unbeknownst to Olivia and Kelli, a trap door opened into their corridor.

Teddy felt the vibration of the girls' approach and trembled with anticipation. This would be so rich! He waited until they were past the door then threw it open, wrapped a tentacle around each head and each ankle and jerked them, screaming, back through the trap and slammed it behind him. Swiftly he returned to his normal position and shape to take advantage of the girls' frantic screams. Inserting an arm into each mouth he slipped it past their gag reflexes and squirted a shot of one of his secret, transforming potions down their throats. Then he thickened the end of each tentacle turning it into an effective ball gag.

Spread-eagling their arms and legs out, Teddy, with long-practiced ease, stripped the struggling freshmen of their kit and clothing. Turning them to face each other he whispered in Olivia's ear, "Do you believe in alien abduction, now? It's violation time, dear. I'll start with your friend and once I've done plundering her, I'll do the same to you. Think how much fun it will be to watch her getting tentacle defiled while imagining the same thing happening to you—because it will!"

Olivia tried to scream and struggle but Kelli hung frozen and silent, watching with fascinated horror as a sinuous purple arm rose up between her legs and transformed from a pointed end into an exact replica of a large human cock. It turned this way and then that before dropping to her crotch and starting to stroke her pussy while vibrating. To her dismay she felt herself grow wet and warm until inevitably it drove gently inside her and began to move. In and out it thrust. At first Kelli was immobile, completely passive but soon she began to react, thrusting her hips forward to meet the invading member. She moaned softly around the gag. Faster the tentacle thrust and faster Kelli breathed and panted until suddenly unstoppable shudders wracked her as she chirped in climax.

"That's just the beginning, dear girl," Olivia heard. As she watched in horror, Teddy turned Kelli face down, still thrusting, and a second arm came into view. Initially it looked like the other but then a collection of droplets appeared on its surface and grew until they melded together into a gelatinous covering. Olivia's eyes grew wide as it approached Kelli's virgin bottom. It rimmed her anus making the girl moan and whimper even more before pushing against the puckered star and entering it. Kelli squeaked but soon succumbed to the double penetration.

She's being raped! We're both going to be raped! This is terrible. It's ghastly. It's—it's hot! For no reason she could imagine, Olivia felt herself being aroused. It was an anime cartoon come to life and it was exciting!

As though they had a will of their own, Olivia's hips began to thrust forward and up in time with the scene in front of her. Kelli's wails continued until again she convulsed in orgasm. And at the same time the invading arms stiffened and pulsed, shooting something deep into her body. Teddy gently set her aside and then the tentacles pointed ominously at Olivia.

"And now it's your turn," the alien chuckled, "and since I can tell that you are already in the mood for this, you're getting them both at once."

Olivia couldn't imagine ever feeling so filled. The tentacles seemed like huge voracious cocks, stretching and pounding her. Heat spread from her crotch, down her legs and up into her brain until she exploded in the most massive orgasm of her life. Then everything went black.

*****

Olivia and Kelli roused, stretched, opened their eyes and gaped in wonder. They lay still naked on a thick mattress beneath a soft, luxurious duvet. The room they were in was lit by skylights allowing bright shafts of sunshine down into what looked like a scene from the Arabian Nights or the Topkapi Palace. Carpets covered the floor with low cushions and tables. The scent of sandalwood suffused the air and orchids in vases hung from the walls and sat on the tables. Two doors went into the room. One was ajar and seemed to lead to a bath. The other was oak, thick and pointedly without knob or latch on their side.

Sitting up and looking around they heard a quiet rap on the heavy door and pulled the covers up to their chins as a tall, slender, auburn-haired figure entered the room.

"Good morning, ladies. My name is Mordechai and you would be Kelli and Olivia. You would also be feeling sticky and in need of a bath. The shower and hot tub are through the other door. You would also be parched and starving. That's normal for someone going through Teddy's speeded up metamorphosis as is a need for sleep. So here," he lay down a large tray with two covered dishes, a large steaming pot with cups and a platter mounded with breads and pastries, "is breakfast."

The young man, or so they assumed, poured out two cups of steaming liquid that smelled like Christmas spiced cider, and handed them out. It was difficult to take the cups and saucers and still stay covered. "Drink, bathe, eat and then go back to sleep. We'll bring you a hearty lunch and let you sleep some more before bringing you a light dinner. There's a party tonight and we don't want you feeling full and loggy. After all, you're the centerpieces."

Without giving them any more explanation or time to ask questions Mordechai turned and left. There was a definite 'click' after he closed the door.

"We're locked in." Olivia took the cup in both hands.

"Yeah, but in where? And what does he mean we're the centerpieces?" Kelli sounded worried.

"And what metamorphosis?" Olivia took a sip. "Gee, this is delicious." 

A feeling of well-being seemed to flow out from her stomach. For someone who had suffered a traumatic experience, she thought, she was remarkably composed and non-traumatized. In fact, she was quite happy and somehow pleased with herself.

"If we're prisoners at least we seem to be comfortable ones." She continued, "And he was right. I feel sticky and sweaty so I'm going to get clean before I eat. Alien abduction, huh? Much as I hate to admit it, I guess last night really happened."

After a hot shower and a longing look at the hot tub the two starving coeds started in on the food. It, too, was delicious. Kelli picked up a fat sausage and bit off the end. "Mmm, you know I was thinking of becoming a vegetarian but this is great. Maybe I'll wait until next week."

An hour later, the tray completely empty both girls waddled back to the bathroom and lay floating, replete, in the hot water. "I can't believe we ate all of that," Olivia muttered, "I haven't ever eaten that much in one sitting."

"I don't think I've ever eaten that much in one week! But now I'm going back to bed. He was right. I need sleep."

*****

When they woke up, lunch had arrived silently. Again, it was delicious and again it was enormous and again they polished it off. Another comforting soak in the hot tub and they crawled under the duvet. 

Just before dozing off Kelli asked sleepily, "Olivia, if we're prisoners, why don't I feel worse about the idea? I'm warm, well-fed, comfortable and really contented. I should be terrified, panicky and trying frantically to think of a way out but I'm not."

"Mm-hm," Olivia replied vaguely, "Contentment is not the right emotion now but that's exactly how I feel. Weird." And fell asleep.

They woke up to another soft knock on the door but this time it wasn't Mordechai. The woman bringing in their tray (a much smaller one this time) looked to have a spectacular figure and was wearing a thin, clinging caftan that molded itself against her body with every move she made.

"Hello," she said with a smile, "I'm Crystal. Like my husband promised, dinner is a light snack because we're partying afterwards." She unslung a bag from her shoulder and laid it on the floor. "And once you've eaten, you need to put these on."

The bag contained two sets of ankle and wrist bangles, jeweled belts and long, think lengths of silk—nothing else. Olivia was aghast. "We can't wear these."

"Why not?" Crystal asked, "I am." She unzipped the caftan to reveal a body with full, voluptuous curves, a body seemingly made specifically for sex.

Olivia's eyes widened. "We'll look terrible. We're not shaped like you."

Kelli, on the other hand, was intrigued by the thought of Olivia dressed like that. She was already giving a very interested eye to Crystal

"Oh, you will be," Crystal replied, "It will take two or three weeks. Usually it takes a month or more but Teddy says he put you on a speeded up schedule. That's why you're eating and sleeping so much. It's the same reason babies spend so much time asleep. Growing is hard work."

"Who's this 'Teddy' you keep referring to?" Kelli asked between swallows. "And what do you mean 'metamorphosis' and 'growing'?"

Crystal smiled. "Teddy is that big, purple tentacle-monster who ravished you two yesterday. He really is an alien and he wants to go home. Unfortunately, when he crash-landed here two hundred years ago this planet was so backwards and its inhabitants so dull, by his standards, that there was no way he could get away. So he set about breeding a more intelligent strain of human. In order to do that he had to have free play with our reproduction so he came up with a way to convert 'basic/normal' types like you into quasi-nymphs and satyrs like I am, like all the faculty, staff and upper classmen are. You are now on your way. In another couple of weeks, you will be just as voluptuous as I am, immune to all sexually transmitted diseases and in complete, voluntary control of your ovulation. You will also be placidly compliant and sexually available for any man (or woman for that matter) who wants you whenever you don't have anything else pressing to do. It's such fun!"

The girls wanted to scream, "No!" but the word wouldn't come out. Instead, the idea had a perverse attraction. Kelli looked at Olivia out of the corner of her eye. The next bath would be different!

Once again the hot 'cider' had a calming effect and so, with almost nonchalant shrugs, both girls were soon garbed in harem dancer finery and being hustled out the door.

"Where the heck are we, anyway?" Olivia wanted to know.

"About forty feet from where you were last night," Crystal answered calmly, "Faculty Club Hill is surprisingly honeycombed. Not only are there all the tunnels that support Teddy's chamber but back before the college was built the home on the property had extensive cellars. All they needed was a little modification. Now, let's join the party."

Faculty and graduate students from young to senior filled Teddy's residential chamber. Even the oldest, the ones with considerable grey in the hair and beard, had been seemingly very well treated by the years. There was some sag in some of the women's figures but all in all it was a remarkably attractive bunch. The costume of choice for women was a topless version of Princess Leia's slave girl while the men uniformly wore vests over harem pants cuffed at the ankle. 

Both Olivia and Kelli were amazed. Never before had they seen men with chests like lions' manes and arms with hair extending to the second knuckle. The women, on the other hand, were uniformly smooth and radiant. Many stood around in conversational groups with champagne flutes in hand though a couple lounged amid Teddy's waving tentacles.

"Ah!" Chancellor Tolliver exclaimed in delight, "Our two newest nymphs have arrived. Everyone, these two lovelies are Kelli and Olivia. Let's give them a hand and a warm reception."

The room burst into polite applause, each girl was handed a full glass and then subjected to a battery of kisses, hugs and a great deal of bottom fondling. By the time they worked their way in a kind of Brownian movement through the pheromone filled room to Teddy's trunk they were flushed and panting and more than a little wet between the thighs.

"Hello, little changelings," Teddy purred, pulling them against his trunk, "no ill effects from your rough night? No symptoms of PTSD? I always feel badly after giving humans a scare but it tastes so good."

Olivia wrapped both arms around the trunk and rubbed her pelvis against it. "Oh, no," she whispered, "I'm good, really good."

"Teddy," Kelli hissed, "we have to talk!"

"Not now, dear, you need to go entertain Mordechai. He really wants you and you don't have anything else pressing at the moment."

"But . . ." Kelli tried to protest but Mordechai came up behind her, wrapped both arms around her and breathed softly across her face. Heat rose in her belly and she gasped questioningly as the scent of something like cinnamon and apple flowed up into her nose.

"Come, Kelli," Mordechai instructed with a hint of a leer on his lips, "I've got his nice frame to bend you over. I've had designs on your pussy all day."

Held inescapably against his smooth, well-muscled chest, Kelli was driven inexorably toward a padded, hip-high bench. Around her clothing was dropping to the floor revealing uniformly smooth mons and, except for Mordechai, well-furred, immense phalluses. Benthamsthwaite men were, it appeared, sexual heavyweights equipped with larger cocks and heavier balls than any she'd ever seen even on slumber party porn flicks. And, alarmingly, there was one growing behind her. But instead of fear and horror, Kelli felt—intrigued—anticipatory. He was going to stick one of those inside her! Oh, my . . .

Bent over the frame and held in place with a hand on her back, Kelli's arousal grew as Mordechai rubbed his monster up and down her now-sopping sex. She whimpered expectantly as its helmet zeroed in on her opening and then, with a single smooth thrust, filled her.

The rest of the evening was a blur. Olivia and Kelli were handed from one man to another and then to Teddy and then back to the men. Nor were they the only objects of lust. Whenever they could raise their heads and look around women were engaged in oral, vaginal and anal sex with one, two or even three men as well as being multiply penetrated by lascivious purple tentacles. It didn't seem possible that they could be used so many times without rest but the plundering went on for hours until at last, limp and smiling, they were carried back to the room. There they were gently bathed and tucked into bed. Sunlight was streaming straight down from the skylights when they finally awoke.

Another groaning board of a breakfast greeted them as did a large carafe of whatever it was that they were plied with. Olivia felt that she really should be leery of the stuff but it tasted so good and left her feeling so at ease. She shrugged and poured out two cups, handing one to Kelli as she sipped her own.

Breakfast over, the girls again fell asleep. Just before dosing off, Olivia felt Kelli spoon against her back and wrap an arm around her. It struck her as a little strange but so content and complacent was she that all she did was smile and go to sleep.

*****

They woke up late the next morning. At least the rays of sunlight shining down into their room were vertical so it was probably nearly noon. And once again a sumptuous breakfast (brunch?) awaited them and once again they polished it off. As they showered afterwards, Kelli commented, "I suppose it's a good thing we're changing. If we keep eating like that we'll either change into nymphs or into beach balls. Want me to scrub your back?"

The soap was French milled and there were big, natural sponges in the rack with it. Olivia gave it a moment's thought and said, "Sure".

All went well until Kelli started scrubbing all the way down Olivia's back, around her bottom and between her butt cheeks.
