 Nobody was paying attention as some foppish putz was droning on about the minutes of the last meeting. Hannah flitted about the crowd putting flyers in pockets without anyone noticing. Liddy had postulated that simply finding the flyers would be enough to get word out as they were discovered and was doing the same thing as Hannah. Cat had the job of standing in eyesight of one of the dukes in a black dress that showed a less than modest amount of cleavage on the top and sides of her breasts. The silk dress only had thin strips going over her shoulders to keep it up. Inky kept close by to keep her safe. Hope waited outside in case they needed someone to barge in and make a scene.

"You know, tossing all of them into the crowd and running away would have also worked," Hannah whispered to Liddy as they passed.

Liddy only had enough time to roll her eyes before they separated again to plant their flyers on some late arrivals.

Hannah noticed the noble she had spoken to the previous day entering the court and reading some papers. His lips moved slightly to suggest he was rehearsing a speech of some kind. She wished she had bothered to ask his name. When he looked up, he caught sight of Hannah and smiled. Although she was wearing a less shocking dress than she had been the day previous, there was enough cleavage showing for his eyes to find themselves enjoying what they found. Hannah nodded with encouragement when his eyes finally came back to hers. 

The speeches took longer than any of the girls would have liked, since each duke present had his own people mimic the other in their attempt to turn the meeting into a monument for redundancy. 

When the meeting did finally start, Liddy watched from the rear to look for anyone they might have missed. She held onto the marble pillar she stood near to discreetly check the far side of the hall when she heard a huff behind her, followed by a slow heavy pant. Her body quivered suddenly and she bent over slightly to let her dress show her figure better. Liddy wiggled her bum and could hear the panting quicken. She put her hands to her hips and started pulling her dress up slightly to make her message clear. 

Over a hundred people in the court failed to notice the woman behind the pillar having her dress pulled up by a servant. To the casual glance, it simply looked like he stood behind her like anyone else in the press of bodies observing the court. Even as she stepped up on the base of the pillar to elevate her enough that she could control how her body slid down on the member pushing into her. 

Liddy kept her lips tightly locked as she felt the paw-hands on her hips helping her move as she worked to get him inside. His panting was harder in her ears but soft and low. She felt the bulge of his knot pressing against her with each thrust and almost yelped when it was forced inside her with a vigorous thrust. Seed burst into her and she bit her lip to keep her own climax quiet. Liddy would have to wait before he could withdraw and she loved it.

****

"How does it work?" Juno asked as she looked at the silver hook shaft.

"You put the hook in you, and it gives you a cock I think." Oda picked it out of Astra's hands. 

"It won't come off until you get off," Foxy explained as she lifted her skirt. "So put it in and show me what you got!"

Oda smiled. She fit the hook inside her, and it turned into an erect manhood in her hands. "Oh god, it feels real!"

Astra reached out to touch it. "Feels real."

Oda moaned as the girls took turns touching it and kept making gasps at the strange sensation.

"Was I unclear on what I wanted?" Foxy chided in mock annoyance. "Put it in me now!"

Oda took Foxy by the legs as she sat on the bundle of blankets in the cargo hold and let Foxy guide her new member inside as they pulled each other closer. The feeling of warm flesh enveloping it was so strange to Oda as she kept pushing forward. 

Foxy, of course, was no stranger to the sensation of someone pushing inside her and simply enjoyed the experience of letting Oda move slowly and savored it.

The girls watched as Oda picked up the pace and worked herself into Foxy. It wasn't long before the thrusts were slamming hard and forcing Foxy to brace herself on the wall behind her. After a few minutes, Oda screamed and felt fluid flowing through her shaft and into Foxy, scaring her with the force of it. As she pulled out, the silver shaft slid out of her body and Juno caught it before it hit the floor.

"So, does it need to recharge like a normal man or..." She shoved the hook into Foxy and they were surprised to see it change again.

Foxy was also surprised; instead of the human shape it had been for Oda, the member was now the shape of what a fox male would have.

"Mine!" Juno called as she mounted Foxy who was still catching her breath.

Foxy felt herself inside Juno who gripped her furry breasts for leverage so as to slam her deeper. Foxy's knot popped into Juno; she struggled to free herself but to no avail. The feeling of Juno moving her hips with the knot inside her was already too much for Foxy who howled as she filled her friend full of her seed.

Ela took up the silver shaft and inserted it into herself, only to find it splitting into a pair. "Well shit. That means-" The cobra woman was cut off.

"Yes, it fucking does!" Astra called out, stripping naked and pushing Oda onto the crates. 

Ela watched Astra get on top and as the two women pressed their breasts together she went between both of their legs and started pushing into both of them at the same time. 

The other girls watched in fascination - except for Astra and Oda who kissed and enjoyed the simultaneous penetration. 

Paje couldn't decide if she came in at the right time or that she needed more explanation. "Not to spoil anything but clients can start showing up soon. Now tell me what the fuck has you all excited."

Ela pulled out as she burst and put two loads of seed onto Astra's back. When she finished, her shafts turned into one and then into the silver artefact. 

"Magic!" Juno called out, holding the shaft for Paje to inspect.

Paje snatched it and stumbled up the stairs, "Anyone who wants to see me fuck the pilot is welcome to watch."

****

Hannah was relieved to finally see the noble she had met get called to the floor. Lord Thot was introduced and saved her the embarrassment of having to ask.

"My duke, and the other duke," he started, leaving Hannah annoyed that she didn't know who his duke was. "It has come to my attention that the kingdom in the west is getting closer every day. If we are to retain our titles when they arrive, we should seek to align ourselves with their ideals." Thot paused to receive some nods. "One of these ideals is the elimination of the Emberborn trade. As a result, I propose we accomplish this prior to their arrival to gain favour and-" Jeers and boos cut him off from angry members of the crowd. "And to show I am serious, I have already granted the freedom of all those in my possession. So that my businesses continue to function, I have hired those same Emberborn to retain their services."

During the pause, another noble shouted out from across the room. "You expect us to release our animals and pay them wages?! My horse works harder than they do and doesn't need a salary!"

Thot waited for the agreeing cheers to die down. "Your horse 'has' to work harder, it can't speak to complain about your diet."

A sudden low cheer for the insult sounded. Hannah smirked. She didn't think the old man he was arguing with was particularly overweight, but more than most of the nobles were by her guess.

"Of course, no animal can speak. The Emberborn can. So I suggest we let them do so as free members of the city. Ideally before the kingdom marches an army in to do it."

"I have a bird that can speak. That doesn't make it smart enough to worth letting out of its cage. The Emberborn are just as dim."

"If they appear dim, it's because they get less education than the commoners. Properly schooled, they can be just as capable."

"Commoners are scarcely any better! If Emberborn are anything better than animals, then Commoners are only that much better than them!"

His retort didn't attract any agreement from the nobles on his side, and Lord Thot knew why.

"Odd that you would speak so ill of your duke's wife. I had no idea you had such a low opinion of her."

That put a pause to the argument until a response finally formed.

"There are always exceptions and my duke has an eye for them." He was clearly adept at covering his words - but everyone knew he had just lost face.

"I think a recess is in order," the duke closest to Thot called, flashing a grin at Cat. She had moved close enough to smile shyly back at him. The drama of the exchange had only been part of the reason for the recess.

Everyone shuffled off into the foyer to await the summons for the court to resume. The girls gathered together to talk - except for Cat who was already feeling hands brushing off the straps from her shoulders in a private office elsewhere.

"Well, that was interesting," Liddy remarked as they huddled together.

"My doing. I just wanted to free the sister of a girl I was helping. But I figured why not go all the way? I thought if I went after one, he would name a ridiculous price. Since I had a city guard with me and didn't want to kill everyone, I thought I would give it a shot. Seems like he's really taken to it."

"Well, good work. Cat will warm the duke to the idea if she can. It seems like that old fool is the only one really opposed to the whole idea." Liddy had caught the argument clearly enough from behind some curtains hiding a servant's passage well enough.

"Shame I can't just settle him," Inky muttered venomously. 

Hannah cocked her head to the side to look past Inky. "I think I know someone who can. Don't look, but my bigoted friend is milling about looking for me."

Zack wouldn't have been allowed in the court, but he guessed Hannah would have been at the meeting.

Hannah looked around, seeing the noble who had argued with Lord Thot in discussion with some kind of flunky in a doorway to another room. "Inky, when you see him enter that room, make your way towards it but don't come in until I give the signal."

"All right." Inky wasn't sure what the plan was but she liked the grin on her friend's face.

Hannah walked up to Zack with a warm smile on her face and got close enough that her breasts touched his chest briefly before stepping back to a respectable distance. "Fancy meeting you here. Recess was called and I need something to pass the time. The office there with the open door. Look away and count to one hundred, then meet me there." She dismissed him with a flick of her wrist like a noble would be expected to and marched over to the doorway the old man was at. "Excuse me sir, but I have something of import to show you. Privately." Hannah drew one of the folded flyers from between her breasts.

He seemed confused, but dismissed the man he was talking with and turned to enter the room. Once Hannah had closed the door behind them, he spoke. "What is this about?"

Hannah handed him the flyer. "Lord Thot will likely be making use of our services." She paused to let him understand her meaning. "I'm sure you might find a reason to as well. Who knows what might be seen or said if you were in the right place to observe it."

Zack walked in at that moment, and Hannah knew full well he hadn't counted like she had instructed, just as she expected. Before anyone could ask any confused questions, the bayonet she had stolen from Zack's belt when she had gotten close was in between the ribs of the old man and into his heart. Hannah backed away quickly as the body fell. Not having seen the quick motion, Zack approached the body and saw the wound and weapon.

"That's mine," he muttered, aghast as he withdrew it, the blood spurting out and covering him. "What-?"

Hannah screamed, "No! Don't!" She let out a shrill howl. "My god, how could you?!"

Inky burst in through the door, followed by Hope whose belt had been fastened properly earlier but not anymore. Quickly others came in as Hannah hid behind Inky. 

Zack recognized Inky and looked at Hannah - who glared at him with anger. "It was an accident! I didn't mean it!"

"We will mean itwhen you hang! That's for sure!" Shouted one of the personal guards of one of the dukes.

Only then did Zack realize others were in the room, that the defence of his actions with Inky was being heard as a confession to the death of the noble on the floor. Before he could say anything more, the butt of a rifle hit him in the gut and before it slammed into his head, his last look at Hannah was of her wicked smile.

As the guards dragged Zack away, one in a fancier uniform came over to her. "What just happened?" He clearly needed something to tell both dukes as quickly as possible.

Still behind Inky, Hannah slowly moved into view. "He had one of my flyers and wanted to speak to me about my services. Either to engage them or denounce, them I'm not sure." She didn't want to assume anything since she knew nothing of his reputation. Hannah handed another flyer from her breasts to the guard so he could examine it without taking the one from the corpse. "The young guard, he escorted me on my errands yesterday. He must have assumed my kindness meant more than that and got jealous at the thought of another man paying for my company. I had no idea he was so unstable."

The guard shook his head and put his hand on Hannah's shoulder to comfort the woman he thought was traumatised. "It happens I'm afraid. Go home and rest."

Hannah smiled kindly, trying to stress it to make it look forced. "Thank you." She left the room with Inky and Liddy beside her, Hope staying behind to wait for Cat. "You are welcome," Hannah spoke to Inky once they were outside.

"Oh, don't worry. I am going to thank the fuck out of you when we get back to the ship." Inky grinned at her.

Liddy sighed; she wanted to keep it a secret from Hannah, but knew she deserved it. "I have something new that might help with that."

****

Mari winked at Conna and Laurel who each sat on one of the carriages bringing supplies back to the ship. She had decided some gratuity was in order for the several sweaty men who had loaded them up. As usual, she hadn't been wearing much but a shorter-than-short skirt and a tight torn top that strained to contain her breasts. The men who had been eyeing her the whole time weren't confused for long as to why she had come back. 

"Alright, gents." Mari tried not to laugh as she delivered her line she had been aching to say. "You aren't done delivering your loads."

Some laughed, some shook their heads, but all of them moved closer to touch Mari. 

Mari loved the hard grabs from all the hands over her body as the men touched her breasts, her face, her ass, and right between her legs. There were dozens of men in the warehouse, but the ones around her didn't feel like sharing and kept her in the corner. Mari loved the feeling of being backed into a corner and knowing she had to sex her way through all the men before she could go home and rest. If things got out of hand she knew Kilty and Tara were still outside waiting for her. Mari knew they probably wanted to join in but knew they had to keep watch. 

She bent over to grab and lick the first shaft that was offered to her before taking it into her mouth deeply enough to stop her from breathing. As she did so, she felt someone kick her legs apart and start fingering inside her to prepare for his entry. She didn't have to wait long before a man filled her body with himself and thrust her hard onto the man down her throat. Her free hands already found two more men, and she worked them to keep her partners stiff while they waited. Someone else had moved under her to enjoy gripping and sucking on her breasts after he tore them free. Between the two thrusting men, the grips harshly pulling on her breasts, Mari let out a hard moan at her first climax. Only when she finished did the man in her throat let her breathe.

"Yes, give it!" Mari shouted when she saw why he had withdrawn.

"Take it!" came the response.

Mari felt his seed hit her face as she moved her wide open mouth to catch the load. She waited until he was finished before she swallowed it, and then opened again to extend her tongue as she showed him she was ready for more. The man in her left hand got there first, and he took her by the purple hair and violently used it to control her skull as it shook with the force of his pelvic thrusts. Mari didn't even feel the man putting his seed deep in her womb as her own climax made her scream again during the violation of her mouth and the enjoyment it gave her. When the man pulled out from between her legs, the one under her pulled her down to have his turn in her body. On her knees, Mari took some air as the man who left her mouth positioned himself to push into her bum. She moaned at his slow and careful entry lubricated by her saliva. The drool and seed that had fallen onto her chest made it easy for the man who squeezed her breasts together to slide his manhood between them.

"Glad you boys aren't shy!" That was all Mari got out before her head was turned to the side and someone else found a different use for her mouth than talking.

Mari loved the feeling of two men inside her pushing against each other with her pleasure centre in between them. When they gave her their seed, they did it at the same time and Mari let out another deep moan at the feeling. The man in her mouth withdrew and added his seed to her face, smearing it around with his tip as Mari giggled in pleasure.

"In me or on me boys, I haven't a lot of time!" 

Those still with loads to leave, gathered around Mari who quickly moved her mouth over each of them while her hands kept busy. She stayed on her knees as one by one they let loose and started painting her body with their seed. Eight men gave her the hefty loads she had asked them for, and only a few bothered even aiming for her open mouth. 

"I might need some help cleaning off." Mari looked at the splatter on her breasts and grinned.

****

"I might need some help understanding what is going on!" Hannah shouted, wondering why her woman had a cock in her hands unloading her seed onto the face of Paje before it turned into a silver shaft that slid out.

"Oh, that's the thing Emma found," Liddy explained as she saw Paje licking her hands clean. "You put the hook bit inside you and it turns into your very own shaft. Let's you fuck and feel it like a man. It comes off when you get off. It's what I was going to show you two."

"Inky! Grab it. Ving! You rest up, then you are next," Hannah ordered, wondering how she would feel taking Ving with man parts.

"Give me time to mount the mirror and then we can watch if you do it in Liddy's room," Emma shouted, Tonna behind her holding the mirror.

"Hey!" Liddy protested.

Hannah looked confused. "Where else do we have sex on this ship?"

"Obviously not in the workrooms with clients," Liddy grumbled loudly. 

"Hurry up! Celebratory sex shouldn't have to wait this long!" Hannah knelt down in front of Paje to lick her face and taste Ving. "Wow, this really does taste like you. I mean, we need to try a few times to be sure but it's how I expected it." Hannah licked Paje a few more times, kissing as she did so before moving down the neck to the breasts.

"When clients arrive I don't want anyone using that thing, especially not for all to see!" Liddy announced. "Playful petting and kissing while in lingerie only. I don't need you getting off in my bed all day. I want you teased and aching for clients." Liddy watched as Tonna extended her snake body to reach high up above the bar to hang the mirror so everyone could see it from the lounge and the stairs. 
