 Hope was running out of the cable car, still in the process of refastening the armour she had loosened to entertain the operator, who as she left mumbled something about it happening again.

She made use of her religious status and contacts to get into the city, quickly making her way up the mountain in the hopes of catching up to Hannah. It had bothered her knowing Hannah had gone ahead alone, even if she could take care of herself.

Almost at the main door, she skidded to a halt and for a moment thought it was Hannah waiting for her in her combat uniform, but quickly realised it was Harriot standing with Oda, who noticed her arrival.

"Hope!" Oda called. "Just who we were looking for."

Hope sighed and let her shoulders droop. "You got here before me."

"Hannah has friends. Got us tapped to ferry a gaggle of generals into the city. We had been entertaining them so it made sense to whoever. Sorry you missed it." Harriot tried to sound sympathetic, but her memories of the fun made it difficult.

"Here I thought I was doing well getting laid twice in my mad dash through the city." Hope shook her head to focus. "What's the situation?" She started marching into the palace. 

"Not really sure." Oda followed with Harriot joining as Hope moved into the palace. "We were sent to watch for you the moment we docked. I think Hannah is playing a lady in court."

****

"Hannah was sucking men off in a stairwell when we found her," Tara reported to Liddy.

Emma sighed. "That's where I left her an hour ago. Was she just doing any man who walked by? I don't think whoever found her first would have lasted that long."

"Did you fill her in?" Liddy asked, trying to keep things on point.

"I wish, but the artefact is on the ship," Tara quipped before Astra nudged her in the ribs.

"By that, she means yes, we told her everything." Astra sighed while trying not to smile.

Ving poked her head into the small office space they had taken over. "Thirty-minute warning."

"Oh, Ving, Hannah wanted me to give you something." Astra went to the door and held Ving by the neck and kissed her deeply.

After the long kiss Ving pulled away. "She was swallowing men, wasn't she?"

"She kissed me after he filled her mouth and made me swallow." Astra showed off her empty mouth.

"God, I love that woman." Ving moaned as she left and closed the door.

"Speaking of the divine, has Hope arrived yet?" Liddy asked, already knowing she would have been told if she had.

****

"I'm almost there," Hope whispered hard into Oda's ear.

The thick press of people trying to get in made it impossible not to be close enough for a hand to wander between someone's legs, and Hope hadn't been able to finish all day. The armour made it difficult, but Hope had made sure a long time ago that a hand could always reach between her legs at any time if you knew how to guide it. The noise of so many people made it impossible to overhear when she finally climaxed and let out a hushed squeal. 

Harriott elbowed her way towards them. "I think I found a way in. There is a chapel over there that I think has an exit inside as well. Somebody didn't design this place with security in mind." 

"Let's go see." Hope moved through the crowd with much more ease than Harriott had, and the girls followed in her wake.

Hope found the chapel entrance. The thick heavy door had some stained glass that let her see inside, and there was indeed a way into the palace. She pushed on the door, but the heavy bolt on the inside wouldn't let it budge. After hefting her heavy mace, she tapped gently on the glass and waited. Although the chapel seemed to be a different order than her own, a more direct method of entry wouldn't have been low profile or polite.

A face appeared on the far side of the chapel, peeking around the corner, and then turned away when he saw Hope. Only a moment later he returned with another man in the same simple black robes he wore, and together they opened the door.

"Inside quickly, please." The nearest monk ushered Hope inside and moved to block Harriott and Oda but Hope held the door for them.

"They are with me. Hope you don't mind us cutting through. We appreciate you opening the door for us." Hope towered over the man in her armour despite being more or less the same height.

"Well, I..." His voice trailed off as he took the time to notice the uniforms Harriott and Oda were wearing.

"I'd offer you one of them if your vows allowed it, but we are actually in a hurry," Hope teased.

Both men paused and looked up in contemplation as they considered if they had taken any vows on the matter or not.

"Seriously? You don't know if you can have women? Poor things. If you have to think about it, then I doubt you have taken any vows to the contrary." Hope shook her head. "Fine, you two enjoy. I gotta get going."

"Don't we all need to get going?" Oda asked, earning an elbow from Harriott who had already unclasped her bra.

Hope smirked as Harriott already had the silent monk kissing her breasts as she pulled his head close enough. Moving behind Oda, Hope lifted her with her arms under her legs to open them wide for the monk still confused at the situation. "Have at her."

Finally taking the not-so-subtle hint, the monk pulled his robes open and revealed his hard member to them, rubbing it against Oda for a moment before sliding it past her underwear and inside her. He kissed Hope as he thrust into the woman in her arms and she felt like a dream come true.

Harriott didn't need help spreading her legs; they wrapped around the second monk and kept him inside her as she bounced herself in his arms. She liked to lift herself and let him lick her breasts before slamming down to get him deep within her body before kissing him. It was a relief to have someone strong enough to hold her and keep steady while she did so. As she often did, she thought about what her fiance might think if he could see her now. She redoubled the pace of her thrusts as she did so, desperate to have her body be pleased while pleasing as many other men as possible.

Hope found controlling Oda and the pace of her thrusts to be a fun workout and made sure to match the monk. She watched Oda put her mouth to his before looking over at the rabid efforts of the redhead thrusting at the monk she was with; she drove him to his knees and soon onto his back. It turned her on as she watched Harriott holding his hands to her breasts and making him grip onto them hard as she bucked her hips just as hard. There was no slowing down as Hope saw his seed leaking out after he had climaxed inside her. It was only when she felt Oda stop moving that she looked back. The first monk had withdrawn to sit on the cold stone so she knew he too was finished. She let Oda down on her own two feet.

Harriott was so close when she felt him finish inside her, and hoped he could stay hard long enough to let her finish. It wasn't until Oda stood in front of her and pushed her womanhood into her face that she could finally climax as she slurped the seed from her. She felt drops of it splash on her breasts, and moaned hard as she thought about the man who thought he had been entitled to her virginity. 

"Right! Fun's over. Get dressed and let's go!" Hope nudged Harriott with her armoured boot. "Thanks for letting us in, boys."

"Shouldn't they be thanking us for that?" Oda smirked.

****

Laurel waited patiently with her rifle. She had found a perfect spot overlooking the main hall where the Duke would be. The old palace had been renovated so often that there were hiding spaces all over, and she wondered how any kind of security could ever be assured. Her aim rested on the empty chair while Conna beside her held a spyglass to the rest of the crowd. 

"I see Hannah, with Louise," Conna whispered. "Looks like court might be back in session soon."

"Great." Kilty was less than impressed. "You two get to scope out pretty girls and all that while I get to watch the hatch."

The dusty space between the walls was cramped and uncomfortable for all three of them, but Kilty was the one who didn't have a distraction. Being on a mission meant no passing the time playing but rather keeping their eyes on the job. Laurel laid down on a table they had brought in from the office they had gotten through with her rifle resting on a pile of papers that had been stacked on it. The poor man who had led them into the office had joked about the space being the only thing more private than his office; he now lay asleep on the floor, having passed out after only a minute of Conna letting him play with her breasts.

"Well, if the prisoner wakes up you can always flash him unconscious," Conna switched her tone from playful to serious. "Now hush, the duke is coming in." 

"I got him." Laurel tracked the duke under the sights of her scope, ready to fire the moment Conna saw the signal.

****

Hannah resisted the temptation to look in the direction of the vent cover she knew hid a rifle. It had only been by idle habit that she had noticed and picked out the location when she had been wandering through earlier. Not knowing how things would shake out, Laurel and Conna made for a helpful backup in case things went bad.

As court reconvened, the duke simply gestured for the envoy to begin since his conversation with his king was what everything else after would hinge upon.

"My king would accept the marriage proposal for the sake of peace," he announced, generating a flurry of conversation within the crowd.

"That is good news." Louise had to lift her voice to be heard. "Peace and freedom for all!"

The envoy's face twitched.

"Is there a problem?" Louise asked directly.

"Well..." The envoy tried to sound casual. "The movement we have been hearing about in the west will need to end and the Emberborn reclaimed. But that is only because the King likes things in the proper order."

"And if we refuse?" Louise countered sharply - with a venom Hannah could respect.

"Then there is no wedding." The envoy sounded incredulous. "Would you let a war happen to keep those animals running free?"

"I like to think we are more than that!" came a voice from the far side of the hall.

Easy, her hair an angry fire-red that flowed over her shoulders and onto her breasts, walked through the crowd. Making her passage easier were the powerful figures of Vile and Tonna flanking her on either side clearing her path. Behind her, Foxy and Ela held their rifles in a sharp parade-march grip. They walked ahead of the others who weren't quite visible to the duke yet.

The envoy, struggling to find the right words for the unexpected arrival and not be intimidated, had a few false starts before Hannah spoke up.

"We won't 'let' a war happen. For the freedom of the Emberborn, I, Queen Hannah-" she stepped forward and took the scarf off to reveal her breasts and the crown jewel, all impressively sized to the onlookers, resting on them- "do hereby explicitly declare war upon your king to free them."

Easy and the other Emberborn, some even servants moving unnoticed through the hall, felt their bodies shake and tremble with the implication of what had just been said.

"Well," and it surprised everyone that the duke would be the first to find his voice. "Since you just made peace impossible-" He gestured at Hannah and Louise. "And you say neutrality isn't a choice," he said, gesturing at the envoy, "it seems I have to decide who to go to war with."

"You are already at war!" Easy spoke up as she reached in between her breasts and pulled out the transcript, holding it aloft. "According to the private correspondence the Steam King had recently with his envoy." Easy paused to give the envoy time to panic as he checked his pockets. "The eastern tunnel has been secured with debris meant to appear as though it had been collapsed. Covert forces are to maintain their position until army forces arrive and make entry into the city."

Easy handed the paper to one of the functionaries, who tried to discreetly take a sniff of it as he carried it to his duke.

The duke was furious, and between the paper and the look on the envoy's face, he knew it was genuine. He rested his hand on his sceptre as it lay on the armrest of his throne. "Kill him."

One of the armoured guards coldly drew his sword and cut down the envoy in less than a moment, faster than the man could utter a sound before his blood sprayed across a gaggle of nobles near him.

"Thank you." The duke nodded at Easy as he took his hand off the sceptre. "You kept this city from disaster. Since my choice is quite obvious," he said, turning to Hannah. "I declare the abolishment of slavery within my city. Consider it to be my pledge of allegiance."

"As Queen, I do so accept the fealty of yourself and this city!" Hannah made sure her voice carried.

"Does that include my sister?!" came a furious voice from behind Easy.

The confused duke looked at Easy, who curtsied. "Forgive me, I am also here to announce my Lady," she paused, "Liddy."

As the duke turned an impossible shade of terrified, Easy stepped aside and revealed Liddy storming towards the throne. Beside her were Inky and Hope, Hope's mace on fire as she hefted it to rest on her shoulder in a theatrical flourish. The rest of the girls, minus Emma, marched in behind her, surrounded by the rest of the ship's soldiers who weren't in the sniper's nest. 

"I am Lady Trixie Liddy, and I am here to have you answer for the death of my parents and the theft of my sister!"

The duke looked around. Seeing the dead body on the floor, he remembered what he had to work with and calmed himself. "Impressive entrance. But you are no threat to me. With my sceptre, I can have you all cut down in moments!"

"Your what?" Liddy asked, playing confused.

"My sceptre!" He went to grab it and found it gone. He leapt to his feet in a panic. "Where is my sceptre!?"

After a few moments of silence, a tiny elf voice from deep within the crowd shouted, "Found it!" Then she began pushing her way through the crowd. 

"Give it to me!" The duke screamed like a giant child.

Emma, ignoring the duke, curtsied in front of Liddy and handed it to her. "My Lady."

The duke fell into his chair as he saw Liddy holding his sceptre. "If I was holding that you would be dead in an instant." The panic in his voice was almost gone, he simply exceeded his ability to feel it. 

"Is that so?" Liddy asked curiously.

Then she tossed him the sceptre.

The Duke looked dumbly at the sceptre in his hands. When he looked up, he saw Liddy pointing her hand at him with her fingers making the shape of a gun. The moment she made the gesture of shooting it, he stopped seeing anything.

The shot rang through the hall as Liddy watched intently. The duke's head snapped back without one of his eyes and hit the stain on the throne his skull matter had made. He came to a rest sitting on the throne at an awkward angle.

Hannah walked up to the throne, picked up the sceptre, and spoke. "I declare Duchess Trixie Liddy the new ruler of Crater Peak. Anyone of noble birth and adult age who refuses to obey her rule or works against the abolishment of slavery is hereby informed that continuing to do so will result in their death. Anyone who receives this warning and transgresses again will be killed immediately." Hannah made sure nobody had anything to say and that Liddy wasn't giving her any looks like she had forgotten anything.

"I am now your queen, with two of the crown jewels of the old emperor I-" Hannah cut herself off as she spotted the Duke from the capital city pretending to sneak towards her in plain view with a box in his hands. The box was ornate with gold and glit that sparkled as he opened it to 'covertly' place a crown upon her head. Hannah wasn't surprised that he had one of the crown jewels, but the obsidian-clawed crown that held a ruby matching the size of the gemstone on her breasts was breathtaking. Once it was on her head and the duke continued to 'sneak' away, Hannah continued. "With 'three' of the crown jewels of the old emperor, I should hope that we can dispense with any debate on the issue."

Nobody said or did anything. Too much had happened so fast that none of the nobility had their wits about them to say anything.

"Alright!" Hannah announced. "Tell the armies in the south to break camp and start moving to the outside east tunnel. The Steam King was never going to let any of you stay free or keep your power. Anyone not involved in that or important enough to speak to me in private can leave now." Hannah nodded to Inky, who started ordering her girls to start shoving people out.

****

Liddy hadn't seen her sister when she had come into the hall, so she followed Hannah into the private apartments of the duke. Inside, leashed to a bedpost and looking quite bored, Bubbles reacted to Hannah arriving and the blonde next to her.

"Please tell me that was a gunshot earlier and this is who I think it is!" Bubbles was getting excited and looked between Hannah and Trixie.

"Bubbles, may I introduce you to your sister, Trixie Liddy, the new Duchess of Crater Peak." Hannah bowed with a flourish.

The two Liddy women embraced and started to openly weep in a whole mix of emotions. When they finally broke apart, Trixie couldn't help but take a glance down at the impressive breasts Bubbles had been pressing into her.

"Maybe someday when you grow up you will have a pair just like those," Hannah whispered to Trixie.

Trixie let out a sigh, "Hannah... her breasts aren't-"

"Are totally soft! Sooo soft..." Hannah trailed off.

Liddy was surprised, looked at her sister who was smirking - and then glared at Hannah. "You have already had sex with-!" She stopped herself and held up her hand to stall the conversation. "Hannah, you helped me save my sister. If I had not been told I might have not done things the way we did, and never met her or prevented anything else that could have happened. So thank you, despite your teasing."

Duke Ostenburg poked his head into the room just in time to see Hannah taking Trixie by the head and pulling her in for a kiss. He glanced at the woman, still bound to the bed, who watched in amusement. He slowly approached and leaned towards her. "So this is something?"

"Gratitude sex, if their dresses coming off are anything to go by," Bubbles whispered back.

They watched as Hannah's breasts exploded out of her tight dress while Trixie's simply came out of hers, only to be overwhelmed by the breasts pressed against them.

"Are we going to wait for them?" Ostenburg asked quietly as he leaned in close to whisper back and look down her dress. "You are already tied up, so it would be a waste if we just sat here."

"You have any idea how long it's been since I've been with a man who could get it up?" Bubbles replied.

Trixie put her lips to Hannah's breasts and ran her tongue over them both.

Ostenburg pulled down his trousers. "It looks like that won't be an issue much longer."

Bubbles gripped the hard shaft the duke seemed so proud of, ran her hand along its length and smiled. "Stick it in my sister first." 

The duke was surprised, for a few reasons, but didn't hesitate to lift Trixie by the hips and slide his member between her legs to feel how wet she was before pushing himself inside. He watched her hold herself up on Hannah's breasts as he thrust her into them. After only a few minutes, he looked back to see Bubbles on all fours without her dress facing away, wiggling her bum as she watched what he was doing. The duke left Trixie, who moaned in disappointment at his absence inside her until she felt Hannah replace him with her hand and walked her to the bed. Rubbing Bubbles on her bum, he teased her with his slick wet manhood. When she groaned hard for it, she suddenly felt him slam deep into her.
