 Hannah liked the new dress. It was a bit small on her, young Louise not being as tall or well-endowed as Hannah was, but it fit. Her breasts were pressed tightly and it was short enough to show her ankles so she was right on the line of scandalous for court. The soft pink was not the bold colour choice she normally went with but it suited her adopted sister well enough. There was no room to hide a gun, even if she had been foolish enough to try and sneak one in to see the duke.

"The chime will call us to court in an hour." Louise was already in her soft blue dress while helping Hannah fit into hers.

"I could have timed this better then. This dress is far too tight to risk having fun in it." Hannah tried to adjust it to give her some wiggle room but her hips stressed the fabric and any attempt to give someone access would require taking it all off and starting again. "I'm all for elaborate bindings but usually I'm restrained without the dress. Though it has been a while now that I think about it."

"I'm sorry my wardrobe wasn't designed to allow quick sex." Louise laughed as she shook her head, revealing the blonde roots to her dyed red hair. "I've only just started experimenting and prefer it while bathing."

Hannah turned around in a whirl of surprise. "Since when did you start having sex, little missy?!"

Louise cocked an amused eyebrow. "When I got the authority to select my own bodyguard." She nodded towards the man who had once been the guard of the necklace crown jewel who had been watching both of them change from his post by the door.

Hannah looked, she could see his stiffness in his pants, poorly concealed by the gold case he carried. "I have an idea if you don't mind." She licked her lips.

****

Ving felt the shaft sliding down her throat as smoothly as the other slid between her legs. Her wet green hair was almost black with sweat that made it stick to her glistening skin as she swayed back and forth with the rhythm of the opposing thrusts. She appreciated it when men made the effort to coordinate their thrusts into a woman. Of course, the men had a bet to win and it made sense that they would work as a team. Ving couldn't see how Inky was doing with her team or Cat with the third, but it sounded like they were enjoying themselves. 

Inky wasn't thrilled with how the bet would end, but feeling two men working into her from either end was wonderful. Like the other girls, she was on all fours and waiting for the men inside them to blow their loads. Swallowing had never been something she particularly enjoyed, but as she felt another climax shudder through her body she didn't care so much. She had been nearby when they called for a third and she couldn't back out. Inky was grateful she hadn't been in Cat's shoes.

Cat had been pleasantly surprised at the abilities of the two older generals who shared her. They hadn't been much to look at in their advancing years, but they had proven their metal with each hard impact her body enjoyed. The bet had been between them and the two best from each of their armies. To last for thirty minutes without going soft or blowing their loads, and then the winner would be whatever pair of men finished closest together. Odd, but Cat wasn't going to complain. A solid thirty minutes of pleasure was rare from any man, even ones high in stamina. The only one Cat felt bad for was Blaze, who had moaned in orgasm at least twice that she heard just from watching and holding the pocket watch they were being timed with.

"Thirty!" Blaze stuttered her call with another moan. The sight of three women being taken roughly at the same time was impossible not to enjoy.

The girls felt their men pick up the pace and Ving moaned as hard as she could with her mouth full to entice the men inside her to finish. She felt one finish in her womb just as the other who had been sliding out of her mouth filled it. Excited to win, she was slightly let down when the generals had announced their victory just as she had her tongue bathed in the stream coming from her partner. Their loads entirely within Ving, they pulled out and allowed her to collapse on the bed and rest. A heavy swallow was necessary before Ving could breathe as heavily as she needed.

Inky was thankful the man down her throat had been deep and swallowed as much as she could without it even passing over her tongue. She wasn't so sure about the other man but fell to the bed when he pulled out.

Cat slid off her bed and onto the floor and caught her breath while feeling the seed leaking out between her legs.

****

Hannah tried not to fiddle with the silk scarf that covered her breasts. She knew she would attract enough attention without having her cleavage on display, and she was hoping to go as unnoticed as possible for the time being.

The main hall, that was really just an extension of the main hallways that ran through the whole castle just a great deal wider, was full of the nobility. Not only were the nobles of Crater Peak in attendance but everyone else who had brought an army was also there jockeying for position and status. More stone-cold guards kept watch at the doors and throughout the crowd. 

Hannah was grateful that the guards hadn't recognized her from the harem. She kept an eye out for anyone who might recognize her, and it slowly occurred to her just how much of the nobility she had slept with. Many from Crater Peak knew there was a red-haired soldier who always liked to escort her charges closely, and those who were from cities she had visited while aboard The Lucky/Lady Harlot would certainly recognize her. Sadly, Rayvon wasn't anywhere to be seen. The general buzz of conversation was all about the approaching armies and kingdoms and what was to be done about them. 

She saw the throne where the duke would sit and where a noble years ago had bent her over and ploughed her in the dead of night.

"There he is," Louise whispered as she nodded to where a young whelp entered the hall with a busty blonde at his side.

"Remember the captain of my ship?" Hannah paused to make sure Louise knew who she was referring too. "That's her sister, captive in the harem."

"Probably why he was late. Her dress is a bit off." Louise nudged Hannah playfully.

"I doubt she had a choice in that." Hannah let her voice run low and cold.

"Right," Louise hadn't considered that and felt knotted inside for making a joke of it.

Hannah hadn't needed any additional motivation to beat the young man senseless. He had all the markings of a spoiled brat who couldn't come to grips with the idea of not having all the power. She was too busy focusing her rage and keeping it contained to even hear him being announced. It wasn't until the envoy of the Steam King stepped forward and the whole room went silent that she forced herself to focus on him.

The envoy wore what may have been a smart-looking suit before some noble offered some advice on ostentatious design. Under the suit was a tall, powerful-looking man. Sharply trimmed beard and moustache, he looked more like a military commander than a diplomat.

If his appearance was common with the nobility of the eastern kingdom, Hannah was tempted to switch sides. 

"Greetings to you, oh great Duke Tradice." He began with a low bow. "Again. I am here to inform you and your court, as well as the other courts who have come to be graced by your presence and follow your leadership, of the impending arrival of the Steam King."

Hannah had forced enough compliments in her life to recognize it when someone else was doing it. 

"It is my hope that we can lay the foundation of our futures together in time for his arrival," the Envoy finished.

The young duke nodded as if he had finally been satisfied with the manner of address and Hannah felt a pit in her stomach. Nominally, the envoy aggravating the duke would be good news -- but it meant the petulant child would be easy to offend and Hannah was having a hard time keeping herself from murdering him. Had she been paying attention, she would have heard the next person to speak being announced.

"Duke Marlan Tradice, so good to see you again." Louise curtsied with a coy smile and a slight shimmy that caught the attention of anyone even slightly interested in lithe female forms. "I must say that the constant delays have had the added benefit of allowing you to show off your fine sense of style."

Hannah couldn't tell if the white and gold uniform robe was stylish or not, just that it would easily show blood. She was more intently focused on Louise, who seemed to have already mastered the art of female seduction and wondered if someone on the ship had schooled her. 

Assorted voices of sycophancy had to die away before Louise could continue. "I am so happy to have your attention, as I speak on behalf of the western kingdom and the opportunity you have for creating relations with us."

The duke sat in his throne, nodding with the surety of someone who already assumed the compliments and was just happy to hear people profess it. "I like what you are wearing as well. Though the real prize is what it covers."

"Is that a command?" Louise asked as she turned her back so slightly to show the bindings as she made ready to unfasten them.

Technically they were of equal rank and he couldn't command her to do anything but be quiet or leave, but Hannah saw the game she was playing. A young man, inexperienced with dealing with a free woman of equal status, didn't have the tools to deal with her. Hannah knew they had to have been about the same age, but their life experiences made them very different people.

"Perhaps not now." The duke, face flushed red, waved her down. 

Hannah wondered just what the boy did with the woman beside him. He seemed to react rather strongly for someone who had easy access to women and who was known to make use of them.

Louise playfully pouted. "As you wish then. To business. The cities on either side of your own have aligned themselves. To my Queen in the west, the Steam King in the east, or those in the middle who will follow your lead. You could choose one or the other, or to form your own alliance. Separate kingdoms will lead to war, however, one greater than any we have seen. It is my hope, that with your guidance, we can find a solution to keep the peace and save many lives." She curtsied again to show she was finished.

Hannah was as impressed as she was stunned at the deft manipulative skills her adopted sister had. Essentially telling the idiot on the throne his options and suggesting that choosing anything other than choosing a side was off the table. She also noticed that the envoy of the Steam King was, although annoyed at her approach, didn't want to suggest otherwise since choosing a side was in his best interest as well. 

"My generals tell me that while we could outlast any army attacking our city, we couldn't stop them from taking other cities. Our farms are inside our walls and our fleet of airships are without match but only if we keep them close." Duke Tradice was an idiot, according to Hannah and others, for speaking openly about tactical status with his potential opponents in the room but neither wanted to stop him. "Yet in order for one side to attack the other, they need us on theirs. What I want to know, is why not let us buffer between both kingdoms as a trade hub and avoid all risk of war."

Hannah had to admit that even though she wanted the boy dead, at least he was trying to avoid the war.

"While that may work during your wise rule," the envoy started, "there are too many ways that could change, either from your heirs or more direct actions." He levelled an accusing glare at Louise.

"Surely you don't suggest Duke Marlan would simply change his mind if he decided to marry me? I'd be his wife, not an advisor." And just like that, Louise replaced accusations of assassination with the idea of marriage.

Hannah hated the idea of Louise having to marry a runt like the duke, but marriages have been proposed for far worse reasons and she was sure her little sister could handle him.

"What about the King and Queen? Why don't they get married?" The Duke asked, much to the abject horror of Hannah who, had she not already had such fair skin, would have gone even paler at the idea.

"I..." Louise was at a loss for words.

"Is she as much of a shameless whore as you?" The envoy seized the initiative, clearly against the very notion. 

"Oh," Louise reacted. "No, she's far more shameless."

Hannah had to stifle a snort but thankfully wasn't the only one. Though after a few moments had passed, she realised it had been meant as an insult and was annoyed again. 

Louise grinned, knowing that the admission coupled with doubling down on it, threw everyone off and made him look foolish instead of her. She fought the urge to look at Hannah for a grin. 

A runner, in a fine military uniform, hurried up to the throne and whispered to the Duke who nodded. Hannah wondered if it was because it wasn't a cause for concern or because he was too dumb to know it. A bit of both as it turned out.

"It would seem the armies of both kingdoms are going to be here sooner than expected," the Duke announced. "I think we should call a recess. Lord Lourin, confer with your Steam King about the possibility of handling this with a marriage. Louise," he smiled lustfully. "If you could do the same with your queen. I think it's time if the rest of you could summon your generals into the city. If the worst happens, I want a plan."

****

Tonna typically found men dealt with her presence in one of two ways. Hostility for being a monster, a woman, and/or unavailable to them. Or, they got to put their shafts inside her. Her heavy snake body meant she had to be on her back as men took turns mounting her in the tent near the airship. Her four arms each held one of the next hopefuls who would get their chance to slip into her scales -- if they lasted. The seed covering her breasts suggested many had not been able to do so. Her long tongue slithered over the man who tasted her mouth while she tried to pull him inside with it. She was jealous of Vile who she could see squatting over the man laying between her legs, using her powerful thighs to rise and fall over him, sliding in and out of her on her terms. Tonna missed having that kind of pleasure, not that the one thrusting into her was lacking in his ability to make her tail twitch, but it was still a lamented loss.

Vile held a man in each arm and took turns taking them into her mouth as she switched sides with every lift of her legs. The workout was intense and she loved it. Having to flex her legs constantly made the feeling of the man sliding into her, that much more pleasurable. Not many men liked being handled by a woman but those who did, found the powerful demon to be their ideal handler. She had suggested working in the tent when there had been a rising concern about the frustrated men coming near the ship to have fun but learning only the generals got aboard. Since she and Tonna saw far fewer clients, it made sense for them to mitigate the problem. Knowing they could have a turn kept the men in line before someone ordered them away. 

Ela was there to act as a guard, not be one. They knew that even Tonna and Vile couldn't service so many men quickly and were the two least likely to need a guard. Yet she was in uniform at the door, to manage the crowd. Door was a loose term; everyone could see into the tent, it was just the one part that didn't have rope in the way. The reason was that the more men who got off just from watching meant there was one less to service. Those who couldn't wait to be with one of the monster women took her instead. The cobra woman bared her breasts and hung what had covered them on the rope, and never even bothered to wear anything under the skirt. Despite her fangs being retractable, nobody wanted to test it against their manhood. Instead, she leant back on the crate next to the door and held her legs wide to admit anyone too impatient to wait for the girls in the tent. 

Foxy was too vital to surveillance within the ship to send to the tent, or see any clients at all, and watched with envy through the window. She had heard Inky moan in climax when she looked out the window a few minutes prior and had come to see what she saw. It was certainly a wonderful sight. Foxy wondered if she would ever find a lover she could share like that. Of course, at the moment, she just wanted anyone inside her. Having to listen in was almost murder. Thankfully, everything seemed to be going smoothly with the girls flirting and filling the heads of the generals with the ideas that would help bring them to their side. Then she heard Tom, the friend of Hannah's who was in charge of the mess outside, speaking with Liddy.

****

Hannah was mildly put out. The guard at the communications nest, a post she had had a few times in her past, needed only a few smiles and friendly giggling to let them inside. She had hoped to have at least been taken into the supply closet less than ten meters away where she could show Louise how to swallow properly. Instead, she didn't get to see if her handlebars she mounted inside the closet were still in place and was simply shown into a radio room.

"Why are we here?" Louise asked after the door had been closed behind them. "I don't need a radio to talk with my Queen and even if you weren't here, I would be using a sending spell like the envoy is doing. Radio isn't known for its security."

"Because this." Hannah retrieved the radio codebook from the locked box on the wall. While the book itself had been updated, the combination on the box had not. "Now I can radio my friend and fill him in on my plan. Or his part in it anyways. As you said, the radio isn't secure."

****

"She said that?" Liddy asked.

"Not in so many words," Tom replied, clearly distracted by the naked woman in front of him. "She simply called to suggest a local merchant vessel would make better transport for the generals than trying to authorize their own ships or get them to agree on using another city's vessel. This gets them and you into the city and since they have been spending time here already, they are more likely to agree to it."

"Maybe wait till the last moment to break the news to the men around the tent?" Blaze suggested, withdrawing her head from between Liddy's legs before returning to her ministrations. 

"Agreed, go do what you need to do." Liddy nodded.

Tom left the doorway and closed the door. He had been warned not to enter to avoid being seen on the magic mirror showing the two women to those in the lounge. Tom grunted, the sight had been enjoyable and he wished he could have joined in. Walking down the hall of private bedrooms as he adjusted his trousers to accommodate his stiffened manhood, he caught sight of the fox watching him from the side hallway where she had been looking out the window.

"How quickly can you get finished?" Foxy asked, lifting her skirt and sliding off her underwear.

"As quick as I need to be." Tom pulled himself free after fighting with his belt and hooked his arm under the leg Foxy lifted for him.

"I normally prefer something that lasts, but I just need to be filled with seed desperately." Foxy felt the pressure of his member exploring her and unclasped her bra so it could open and reveal her breasts.

Tom had never been with an Emberborn before and felt the fur on the tip of his shaft amazing as he guided it. "Your fur is incredible."

Foxy giggled as she felt him rubbing himself against it. "No time to enjoy it, just stick it in and breed me, sir."

Tom obliged and pushed into the fox, who in turn held him tightly with the arm that wasn't holding onto her rifle. Against the wall, he plunged into her again with enough force to make her yelp softly. Gripping her by the breasts he worked himself inside her quickly. 
