 The clattering sound wakes me up. I sit bolt upright in bed, because I know what it means. I'm going to be a character!

After what happened yesterday though, I'm not surprised, but still, why me? I'm just a...

Dice bounce through my mind, landing on a 6, and an 8.

... simple shepherdess. I'm not a hero! I'm not able to take on the Dragon Lords to restore the rightful king. Why couldn't this be happening to Peasant Girl 4, or Lusty Tavern Wench with the Lazy Eye? Why should...(37), Y'ona have to be the one to take up the cause? No use trying to sleep. The sun isn't up yet, but I need to get the sheep out to pasture. I pull my, (8), long purple hair back under a kerchief. (Seriously? Is the core of my existence really being determined by random character generator tables?) I decide to sit on the edge of the bed until I know who I am.

So, Eighteen, purple hair and eyes, skin browned from the sun, 168 cm tall, D cup bra wearing shepherdess named Y'ona from the village of Knotwood. Fine, whatever. My underwear is very basic. Let's check the pockets. Standard 4 gold pieces, enough food for 2 meals, a leather pocket pussy, and a wooden dildo. Seriously? Words appear above the toys, describing their basic functions.

Level 1 Sausage Wallet: Used to defend yourself from low level monsters. If you can get them into this first, your virtue, and Hit Points, will stay intact.

Level 1 Morning Wood: Used to prep yourself for sexual combat. Especially effective before noon.

Sexual combat? Shit! I'm on the Streetwalker spec tree? It's just physical pleasure, no technique, no subtlety, no tactics. Literally Wham, Bam, Thank You, Ma'am! Hope I've rolled a good endurance score. The pasture is out of sight from the village, on the edge of the dark woods.(Of course it is.) The morning passes quickly, and uneventfully, I'm about to fall asleep when I hear the dice again. I'm on my feet in an instant, eyes darting everywhere, Sausage Wallet out and ready. I spot it oozing from the woods, a Level 2 Spooge Ball.

Spooge Ball: Created in the aftermath of really intense sexual encounters, Spooge Balls are sentient mounds of cum. They can range in size from marbles to beach balls depending on the number of participants. Roams the Low Grasslands looking for anyone to slake its lust on. Generally attacks with a Bukkakke Blast to blind its opponent, before forming tentacles to bind and violate it's victim.

"My eyes! Oh, Gods it's in my mouth! It- MMMmmmph!" Last words of Lariah Gemsnake, now known as Cummy Bear.

SHIT! What am I going to do? This thing comes up to my waist. Alright, keep an eye on it, maybe it won't attack. Is that music? Where the hell is music coming from? What is- AAAaaaHhh! I can't see! Damn it! I wave the Sausage Wallet around, while trying to stumble away to clear my eyes. Good news, I manage to catch one of the tentacles! Bad news, it has a couple of dozen more! I'm quickly stripped, and fucked in every hole at once, by multiple tendrils. It doesn't stop until it has no more jizz left to empty into me. My Hit Points wiped out by the voluminous shots in my mouth, pussy, and ass. I lose count of the number of times I orgasm under its assault. I lay there, exhausted, covered in cum, and feel my eyes grow heavy.

I blink, and find myself back in my bedroom before sunrise. This time I have a crusty sex manual, and a pair of lips attached to a pouch. My underwear is see-thru, and frilly. I've been re-specced into a Floozy. Floozies are all about technique. They know all the positions, and games. This could be fun! I have high hopes for this build, that are instantly crushed by the Spooge Ball when it returns.

I wake up as a Moll. I have a bag full of toys, and a penis cage. I am going to destroy this Spooge Ball. That's the plan, and for almost 2 minutes I actually hold it off. Then I find myself getting drilled, and filled until it spills out, yet again. If it didn't feel so damn good, I would probably start complaining at this point.

Once more I find myself in my bedroom. My hands are empty, my underwear is nonexistent. I'm a Doxy, a Jill-of-All-Trades. I'll never be as good as any of the specialized classes, but I can do more than they can individually. I head back to the pasture, but this time I grab some flowers, and herbs along the way. I mix together a couple of potions, and some lube, and wait. I get distracted by thinking about where the hell all that equipment disappears to, and barely dodge the Spooge Ball's first attack. I throw the potion. The dice bounce through my brain. It hits, instantly solidifying the ball. I crit'ed! I break into a happy dance.

Now comes the hard part. I need to dispose of this monster, and there's only one way to do it. I walk over to it, kneel down, and start kneading its form. Soon I've molded a nice size cock out of its gelatinous body. I straddle it, lube myself up, then lower myself onto it. It feels sooooo good going in. I don't have much time, so I get to work. I ride the Spooge Ball, bringing myself to orgasm a couple of times, until I feel it shift beneath me. I quickly roll off, and begin stroking the prick I made. Almost immediately it begins spraying warm jizz everywhere. I don't stop. I keep jerking, and edging, the gummy cock until the entire ball has been reduced to a puddle on the ground.

I stand up, pumping my fist as victory music plays from somewhere. Then I'm hit with the most intense orgasm I've ever experienced. My whole body shakes, as my eyes roll back in my head, and gibberish spills from my lips. I fall to my knees, vision tunneling until I almost black out. Suddenly my whole body glows, as the words "Level Up" rattle through my head. Points go into my Sexual Technique, and Prep For Play skills, and I get a bonus to Flexibility. I also lose my Gag Reflex disadvantage. I swallow. That was intense!

I see smoke coming from the village. I run towards it. We're under attack! Goblins! Led by, Pron, the frogman lieutenant of Sext! One of the goblins blocks my path. I slide on my knees towards him. As I come to a stop I yank his pants down, giving him a quick hand job. He collapses, and I feel my experience bar fill a little. I take one in each hand in the next encounter, laughing as their seed spills onto the ground in defeat. The next encounter features three of them. I take one in each hand, and swallow the third. He manages to cum in my mouth, and I feel my HP go down. I can't take too many hits like that, or they'll win, and make me their fuck toy.

I get through three more encounters, taking two more "hits" before finding The Boss. The dice are hating me today! He stands in the middle of town, smiling while his minions spend themselves in every woman in the village. All our men are out hunting so I'm our only hope! I throw my potion. He deflects it easily. I move in, trying to free his cock from his loincloth. It drops to reveal...NOTHING! He's completely smooth down there?!? What? Frozen in shock, he easily grabs my hands, spins me around, and shoves me face first into the dirt. He grabs my ankles, lifting them up, forcing me to support myself with my hands. I try to wriggle free, but I can't beat the target number. My legs are spread, and an impossibly long tongue, with a bulbous head crawls along my thigh.

I moan in anticipation. NO! I need to fight back! I won't be distracted by him. I won't! I'll... I'll, uh, I'll let him give me just one orgasm. It'll give me time to figure out how to escape. His tongue caresses my clit, sending tingles through me. He forces it into my wet slit, making me moan. I'm quickly building to a huge orgasm. I have to work fast or my resolve will take a huge hit. I fumble for my last potion, grappled like this I can't miss. I hear the dice.

Fumble.

The cork pops loose as I pull the bottle free, spilling its contents all over me. I open my mouth to scream, but it's too late. I'm paralyzed, instantly, frozen in this position while Pron continues to eat my pussy. I can't even moan, or scream, as he licks me through three orgasms in a row. He sets my legs down, and walks around to my face. He kneels in front of me. Damn, he's hot!

"You see, for future reference, my dick retracts into my body. See?" I watch as a cobalt blue, thin, pointed penis extends from between his legs. "And since it's not controlled by bloodflow, I can go longer than any filthy mammal." He smiles, then slides it into my open mouth. He only fucks my face once, leaving that task to the henchmen he summons. Oh yeah, that's his special ability. For every orgasm, whether yours or his, he summons 2 goblin Fuck Boys! (Have I mentioned I've already had three orgasms?) "Oh," Pron whispers as he slides his stiff cock between my velvet curtains, "Don't feel too bad about this. You were never going to win this fight. But congratulations on finishing the Tutorial Adventure."

He fucks me through another four orgasms, while he spills his balls inside me a half dozen times. The whole time his summoned Goblins pound my tonsils. The potion wears off after his second nut, but by then I've taken so many wads I've got no fight left in me. I give myself over, completely, to them all. When he pulls out for the final time, he leaves me naked in the village square, in full view of everyone, while a small army of Goblins fuck me into the ground. I'm so ashamed, even if I enjoy every last minute of it. Somehow that makes it a little less embarrassing. Finally, well into the night, the last one is spent, and they leave.

I stand, collect my stuff, and try to strike a heroic pose. It's not easy when you can barely stand,and have Goblin seed dripping from, and out of, every part of your body. "People of, Whoa!" I nearly faceplant as my feet slide in the puddle of goo. I clear my throat, "People of Knotwood, I will avenge this atrocity. I will not rest until I have rid this land of the evils that plague it. I will not return until we are all safe." They all just shake their heads, and go inside. I head to the river, clean myself off, and follow the road into the dark woods. I can do this. I can be the hero.

I just need to figure out if I really want to win these fights or get used like that every time!