 Second submission to the Steel and Rubber series I am writing. While this part did not take long and I should have uploaded it ages ago, what follows after this took a LOT of thinking. I am still figuring things out, I hope you like it.

As always, feedback is welcomed.

Siggi shuddered again in the bliss that came with total surrender of mind and body.

A week after he had been found by the Doll Maker his mind was broken. Broken by the flood of endorphins that came with sexual pleasures. Broken by the endorphins of never ending pleasure in the embrace of his latex prison. Managing to open an eye and look around he could take in the pervasive shiny blackness as it reflected the light of a solitary lamp. There were no windows, the only door was covered by a latex mass that was shifting around on its own.

Looking around he noticed the grey stone work that made up the walls. It was interspaced with dark wooden beams and shifting latex columns. A simple chain in the centre of the ceiling suspended the lone lamp.

His new home, as he came to call it that shortly after he was placed in it, was a basement deep within the Rubber Doll Makers house.

"The collar that you had found was a trap, and a test. The trap was obvious, the test you will find out about," she had murmured into his ear during their initial lovemaking.

Siggi was so overwhelmed with sensations at the time had barely heard her words much less understood their meaning. All he could think of was his immediate prison; his conversion of all his skin into latex and his hair into autonomous and sentient tentacles that had evolved from his hair. Tentacles that had a knack for knowing what adverse conditions Siggi faced, and what pleasures he required to be inflicted.

His skin had now shifted from a lighter shade of pink to midnight black. During his initial imprisonment he had wondered if the latex really was just an outer coating, a skin replacement... or did it go much deeper? His muscles had certainly grown to heroic proportions, his fat had appeared to disappear completely. That alone would have made him quite popular.

But the changes had not stopped there. He had slowly grown taller. Entering Skyrim he was proud of his small height of 5'6", allowing him to sneak and steal very well indeed. But after many days of imprisonment within the latex collar he had now grown to over 7 feet in height. Coupled with his chiselled physique, shiny black latex skin and tentacles and he was, in his thoughts, the stuff of nightmares.

Despite his increased strength though, being able to snap branches and small trees alike, of throwing sizeable rocks that would take several men even to drag, his prison was always stronger. It controlled him and his strength, making him never able to refuse any proposition from a female, and reduced his strength to compare with any invalid or old man when facing such a proposition.

In battle though, be it against man or beast, no such punches were pulled. His new strength had definitely saved him on several occasions.

It had taken Siggi many days to learn just how pervasive his predicament was. What had started out as a minor annoyance and small scare had slowly grown to totally dominate his life and body. And now it was dominating his mind. Siggi's universe had shrunk to the walls of the basement he was confined in, a universe where he was afloat on a small sea of roiling semi-solid latex.

It had felt like hours... hours? Ha. More like days. Weeks possibly. He was held prisoner to his own hair tentacles, wrapping snugly around him, confining and controlling him to bear the pleasures inflicted upon him by the Rubber Doll Maker.

She had taken him straight to the basement when he had arrived, his suit had melted and reformed countless times around his body. Every current of latex flowing over him had been amplified in his mind, it had kept him off balance and disorientated as the whole room seemed to tilt. It ebbed against his sanity, eroding it little by little over time.

Random tentacles formed and caressed his body, some coiling around him, others entering him deeply. He was helpless to stop them; whatever they demanded of his body they simply took.

Upon the small sea he pressed against the Doll Maker, always unerringly entering her deeply for periods of time, time that Siggi thought would never stop repeating.

Siggi didn't know it, he didn't know anything, but he was being totally fucked into submission, a fucking that not allowed him to pass out. During one of a lessening number of lucid moments, Siggi surmised the latex needed him awake to empty his mind.

And so it continued on.

Siggi closed his eyes and breathed in deeply, pausing before letting it out slowly.

The sea was becalmed with just a gentle swell of latex beneath him.

Relaxing for several minutes he luxuriated in the sensation of calmness of both the body and mind before realising just what had happened.

... I am whole.

Siggi slowly spread his arms over the surface of the latex and stretched and felt other arms also stretch. It took a few moment to realise it was his hair tentacles he was controlling.

... I have changed.

Turning his head to the side he looked at his hand, his own 4 fingered and thumbed hand. Slowly he clenched his fist, a rather large tentacle broke the surface, dripping in latex, it also curled up. Opening his hand again he could see the tentacle slowly straighten and slip under the surface.

Concentrating, he felt all his hair tentacles slide through the latex under him and slowly arc upwards and broke the surface straight up a little in an even circle around him.

... I am in control.

Siggi concentrated hard to hold them there as he slowly raised his hands up to brush over his face. A drop of thick latex fell from a finger and splattered on his eyes before dissipating into him. Siggi felt the latex enter through his eye, but no need to scratch or even blink. Concentrating further he could feel the latex slide through his eye, make its way through his body while mingling with more latex within him.

... I am latex.

Concentrating again his hair tentacles slipped back under the surface and receded back into his head, before being replaced with much thinner and shorter tentacles in a closer approximation to actual hair.

Inhaling deeply once more he paused before exhaling.

Siggi bent his knees and found the ground, the latex sea quickly adhering to the bottoms of his feet and formed into big platformer boots. Standing up slowly, for the first time in many days, he looked down and watched as the latex formed tentacles of its own and twined around his bare latex skin, all the way up to the tops of his thighs. There they flattened against his skin and merged into each other forming the rest of his boots. Two vertical flaps of latex hardened at the front from the tops of his feet to the tops of his legs, there they shrank back to form a series of evenly spaced circles. Lastly, two very thin strands of latex began weaving their way through the holes on each leg. Once reaching the top they shrunk some, pulling the latex tight around Siggi, then finished with a midnight black bow.

Siggi fell to his knees within the sea of latex and pushed his hands deep into the morass and waited. Moments later he lifted his hands out, watching in admiration as a thick clump of latex had adhered to each hand, before spreading slowly up his arms, coating them in his new gloves, As with his boots, the latex on his arms formed two perpendicular flaps on each arm before being woven together and tied with a bow at the top of his arms.

A slimy tentacle gathered around his ever erect penis and pulled him upright and to the side before melding into his skin to allow Siggi better, and undistracted movement. The latex formed a thickened covering around his pelvic area and extended over his behind to the tops of each thigh, diffusing his body and latex skin.

Yet more tentacles slowly slid up out of the liquid and encircled his waist, thinning themselves and wrapping around him in ever more loops before squeezing tight.

Ahh,

Siggi moaned quietly as he submitted to the latex, feeling it thread one last thin strand of latex up his spine, then tightened it.

Sitting up on his knees Siggi could make out the form of a corset covering his abs, and up to just below his pectorals. Peering closer, Siggi could just make out the pictogram of a rubber doll in the centre of it.

One final tentacle snaked its way clear of the liquid latex. It slithered sinuously around his body, up around his neck and encircled it before forming into a stiff rubber collar.

Siggi slowly stood amongst the calm liquid and closed his eyes once again.

Inhale

Exhale

Open your eyes Siggi.

A tranquillity he had never known before washed over him like a warm breeze, emptying his mind of all thoughts.

Except one.

I am ready for orders.

*****

-----

An assistant is found

-----

In the Bannered Mare, Kimy immediately regretted the punch she just threw, sending a drunk hunter crashing atop a table and splitting it in two before falling to the floor in a heap.

"Uh oh.."

She wavered in the air for a moment and took a swig of her bottle of scarlet wine then quickly ducked a flying chair, spilling a few drops of the liquid.

"Look what happened!!"

She immediately fell to her knees and burst into sobs even as a number of patrons approached her

"Kimy, that's enough out of you!"

"Noooo! I love my wine!"

Two burly guards had surrounded her and dragged her to her feet. It was a testament to her drunken skill she not only kept a hold of the bottle of wine but she managed to not spill any more as they ejected her from the Mare sans ceremony.

"Oof!"

Landing on her ass but barely noticing the change in temperature (let alone the lack of walls) she sniffed and drank another mouthful of her wine.

Sitting back she tried to clear her head for a moment and lamented. The last raid with Albin and Felix hasn't gone so well. In fact it had been disastrous. The nearby Iron Ore mine had been overrun with bandits, and they had been hired to clear them out.

Albin and Felix had paid for their overconfidence of dealing with pond life with their lives, Kimy herself had only just managed to escape back to Whiterun. It had taken several visits to Danicia the local Priestess to clean her wounds.

And now here is me, and they are back there. Drinking alone. Here's to you.

Closing her eyes she took another swig of her drink and leaned back against the wall, resting a moment in her sorrow before opening her eyes..

... to see the strangest thing she had seen.

Standing before her in the moonlight was a shapely woman dressed in nothing at all...

.. Except it wasn't nothing.

Kimy struggled to focus her eyes but they seemed to slide right off her body. She almost looks like..

A walking shadow?

No... her edges are too sharp for that.

Looking up she took in wide hips and a very narrow waist. Further up Kimy could just make out a large set of breasts and thin arms... followed by..

A head?

She could see red painted lips curled upwards in a smile as well as bright blue eyes... but her nose and cheeks seemed to be missing... or amongst the shadows.

Kimy put her bottle down and stood up unsteadily. She staggered for a moment, the stranger reacted by quickly gripping her gently to steady her, allowing Kimy a closer look.

Wow...

"Eeey you're shinneeyyy,"

"Yes. In the moonlight I can barely be seen. Want to feel?"

Before Kimy could react the stranger had grasped both her hands and placed them on her hips.

Kimy inhaled quickly as she felt her, and found she could easily slide her hands all over the darkness.

"...smooooothhh"

"Uh huh. Keep going.."

Kimy couldn't stop her hands as the lightly ran over the strangers bountiful curves. She even turned and arced into the probing palms, guiding them over her ample posterior and thighs.

Kimy giggled and gave the material a quick pinch.

"Hey!"

*snort*

Smiling, the stranger allowed the hands onwards and around before moaning as they inadvertently caressed between her thighs in their travel up over her full chest.

As Kimy straightened up to feel her arms, she stumbled in her drunkenness a moment, then felt warm and slippery arms around her as the stranger embraced her, holding her close.

"ohmygodsdatssosmoooooovvv.."

Kimy, despite her stupor was acutely aware her own body was snuggled up against this seriously slippery stranger. Her hands managed to feel their way up over the smooth neck and head before seemingly satisfied.

"you like this?"

"Yeahh.. why are you so dark and smoove?"

The stranger smiled.

"Would you like to feel this all over your own body? It feels so good.."

Kimy just moaned her approval from a lopsided grin.

"I want you to do something for me," she said

"Mmm anything," her hands had slid down the strangers back and grabbed hold of her butt, she decided to hang onto the stranger to keep upright so she kept her grip tight. This smoothness was clearing her mind some though.

In return, the stranger also pulled Kimy closer and kissed her hard for several moments. Kimy nearly passed out.

Breaking the kiss the stranger smiled

"You will get more of that later... a lot more," she promised

"What do you want me to do?"

"North Brittleshin pass. There is a stone tablet within. I need to get it," the stranger felt the hands on her smooth ass grip tighter.

"Can you do that for me?"

"Shuree, one stone tablet coming right up!"

The stranger released her comforting grip on Kimy as she made to turn and walk off.

Kimy dropped to the ground which fortunately was patch of soft grass.

The stranger slipped back into the shadows and was gone before a passing guard approached Kimys horizontal form.

"Hey you, you can't sleep here!"

"Oh yes I can.. *snort*"

*****

Outside Whiterun's gates, and hidden from view, the Rubber Doll Maker waited. Recruiting Siggi was a great move but he was going to need help in the future for what she had planned.

Kimy seemed like a great choice. Free of her other friends now she is ripe for imprisonment and conversion.

She waited for dawn.

*****

Kimy had one very sore head the next morning. She also had a fuzzy recollection of the Bannered Mare, and a table...

She opened her eyes and remembered something else.

A black woman, as dark as the night. With an impossibly smooth body.

Retrieve the stone tablet from within Brittleshin pass.

Oh yeah.

Rubbing her eyes Kimy got up off the grass, drank some water and retrieved her sword.

Well, no time like the present as they always say.

Brittleshin Pass was west of Whiterun and easily achievable travel within a day. Kimy liked to travel light, only carrying her armour, her trusty sword as well as a bow and several arrows for hunting.

Once outside the gates she paused in silent reflection to her recently lost comrades.

In your honour.

Stopping near the stables she approached the local Kajiit caravan and bartered some food before setting off down the road.

That woman was so strange, she was so dark...

And I think I remember oil on her.. or was it grease?

Kimy shuddered mid stride as she vaguely remembered that slippery body holding her upright. Black had never felt so good. Shortly thereafter she approached the Broken Watch tower, a relic from the return of the dragons and the civil war that overthrew the cursed elves.

Wow the ground is still carved from the dragons death dive

As she passed she even saw some remnant bones scattered about.

Passing a farmer walking into Whiterun she asked about the road ahead.

"Any dangers up ahead?"

"No, it's all clear today," Bandits were always a problem.

Kimy's eyes lingered on him as she walked past, secretly admiring his attractive muscular frame.

Wow I would love to see him work..

Smirking to herself she kept going.

Since Brittleshin pass wasn't far, she kept a slow but steady pace and contemplated just what type of tablet she had to find.

I can't remember anything about a stone tablet in the pass, I wonder if anyone else had heard of it?

Briefly she regretted the lost opportunity of asking around Whiterun about the tablet, but then realised someone else could have beaten her to the finish line in finding it.

Before long she had walked past Fort Greymoor. What was once an old run down ruin housing bandits was now proudly restored in all its past splendour; banners were waving, soldiers were tending to the roads and drilling new recruits. Not a trace of damage or decay was present.

Hmm maybe I should sign up and become a guard as well...

A short time later she left the road and headed up a gully on a well used road to enter Brittleshin pass. Lighting a torch she pulled found at the entrance, she delved into the depths...

*****

The Rubber Dollmaker smiled as she closed her eyes. Good. Kimy will soon be up to her neck in it. Lets see if she can keep it together and be of use.

Opening her eyes she peered closer into the flame which danced around Kimy's image as she slipped into the darkness

*****

-----

A sticky web

-----

Kimy thrust the torch ahead to burn back the spider silk covering the tunnel.

What's with all these spiders?

Usually there are a few of them and a bit of webbing but this is ridiculous!

She could see out the corner of her eye a small spider, admittedly larger than any others she had seen in the last 15 minutes scuttle for darkness as it became homeless.

Poking her short sword around to clear the cobwebs she continued on down the passage way into the pitch blackness.

I've gone through here a dozen times before and I thik there was always a side tunnel I was never compelled to check out...

just over....

Here?

Kimy stopped and held the torch up, highlighting a particularly dense patch work of spider webbing.

Stabbing at it with the tip of her torch sent a dozen large spiders running for cover. Several slashed against the dense webbing however left her breathless in no time.

Damn stuff...

Soo sticky!

She continued hacking at the webbing but it took longer than she expected, feeling exhausted after she finally made a small gap to pass through.

Ok I can do this...

Pausing to gather her breath she bent down and led the way through the webbing , torch lighting her path.

Gahh damn stuff it's in my hair!

Growling some she fidgeted about, catching some of her clothing on the sticky webbing. Struggling harder but still out of breath from her exertions, she sluggishly struggled as more and more of her armour and clothing was caught in the webbing.

Curse it all, why is my top and pants stuck in this stuff!

Pausing for a moment to regain her breath she was able to throw her sword and torch through the gap then struggled hard to get free.

Im getting there... damn clothes!

Her armour and clothes had been totally caught in the webbing and was stuck fast.

I have to get through...

She continued to wriggle against the webbing and shed her clothes quickly before falling over onto the ground through the gap.
