 Lee-Ann sat on the edge of the chaise longue by the pool. She shivered as her boyfriend gently bounced her breasts in each hand. Licking her lips, she unfastened his belt and undid his chinos. As she pulled them down his manhood, stiff and purple, stuck out at her. Her mother had reassured her that despite the massive girth of a satyr's normal cock, it would fit inside her and feel wonderful. 

"Every time your father has me I am amazed," she'd said, "But that's just how we are, dear. Don't worry."

Golly, what a thing to lose your virginity to!

*****

Two months previously the girl had regarded her reflection. Years of sport had given Lee-Ann abs the boys envied and a lithe, slim figure. A dense caramel thatch curled at her groin echoing the mass of ringlets on her head that was, she glowered at the thought, just like the stuff she was forever shaving off her legs. It was possible, she thought, that she inherited it from her almost oppressively masculine father because her mother's toilette had no razor and the woman never seemed to wax, either. However there was another explanation, one that would also explain the older woman's spectacular figure. Lee-Ann had been wondering about this for some time but today she was going to bite the bullet and ask. Time to get dressed and go downstairs.

"Mom, Are—can I ask you a really personal question?"

"Sure, honey," Amelia Corbett put down the romance novel she had been chuckling over, "you can always ask. That doesn't mean you'll get an answer."

Oh great! She's in one of those moods again; ready to play cat-and-mouse with me. But I'm still gonna ask! "Mom, are—are you a nymph?"

Amelia responded with a reassuring smile. "I am. And before you ask, yes your father is a satyr. We were transformed back at Lindsey College when all of this first got started."

"But I'm a basic."

"Only for a little while longer, dear. You were always the family jock and that much physical exercise delayed puberty for you. Of course, now that you're all caught up and physically mature it won't be too long before you change."

"Well, not if I stay a virgin."

"Oh no, Lee-Ann. Only the first generation had to have sex to be transformed. You carried the flukes from birth. They just haven't activated, yet. I expect them to, any month now."

The girl goggled. "You mean I'll—I'll get as smooth as you are and have a real figure?"

Amelia looked annoyed. "Young lady, there is nothing wrong with your figure. Some women are slender and some of us are—more luxuriant. However, you probably will gain a bra size or two. Relax; it will happen in its own good time."

"Mom, Mitzi Forsyth says that nymphs are placidly compliant but basics hook up. She wants to stay basic so she has more control."

"Mitzi would say that, a simple-minded explanation from a simple-minded child. I used to be in the 'hook-up' culture, Lee-Ann, and I can tell you it is not satisfying. The sex is not very good and more than anything else it's about girls competing with each other for a bunch of boys who are, to be blunt, mostly losers. Not that it matters. Given Mitzi's fondness for loud, raucous parties, if she starts hooking up she'll be one of us before the summer is out. I don't think she realizes just how uncommon true basics are these days. Give the planet two more generations and there won't be any at all outside of the Amazon rain forest or possibly the Congo. Everyone else will have been mythologized. Sometimes I wonder how this is all playing out in the Middle East . . ."

Lee-Ann poured two cups of coffee out, handed one to her mother and sat on the couch with the other. "Gary Abbott asked me to the prom. If I start to transform very soon the dress won't fit. But if I wait too long to get a dress, there won't be any left! Is there any way I can either delay it or speed it up?"

"Probably not. I mean, if you were a basic I would say get laid by a satyr and in a month you'd be ready . . ."

"Mom!"

"Well? You did ask."

"That's not what I meant. What am I supposed to tell Gary? That I'd love to go to the prom with him but possibly before June I'll turn into a voluptuous siren that will be glad to have sex with him but can't go to the prom because my dress won't fit? This is serious!" 

Ms. Corbett kept a deliberately straight face. If someone offered her immortality but insisted that she stay a teenager the whole time she would just drive off a cliff and be done with it. "Dear, let's go shopping. I'm sure that somewhere out there we can find you a dress in sparkly knit. We'll look for something that will stretch enough to accommodate your new amplitude if it happens before the prom."

****

The day after the prom Lee-Ann yawned her way down the stairs for the breakfast that everyone else was calling lunch.

"Good morning, honey," her father rumbled, "Did you and Gary have a good time?"

The girl grinned mischievously. "Yeah, except that I wore him out on the dance floor, his tux shoes gave him blisters at the prom, he slipped and banged his knee at the sock hop and we had to skip breakfast because he was afraid that if he stayed awake any longer he'd run the car off the road."

Her father laughed uproariously, drained his coffee cup and banged out the back door. The vegetable garden was running rampant and needed some heavy weeding and pruning. In another week or so it would be time to start cleaning the canning kettle and all the Ball jars.

Amelia looked at her daughter through half-closed eyes. "You only wore him out on the dance floor?"

"Mo-ther! Gary is a perfect gentleman—except for when he squeezed my butt as he kissed me good-night. I pointedly ignored that."

"But?"

"What do you mean, but?"

"Don't give me that, young lady. He squeezed your ass and you pointedly ignored it—but . . ."

"But—well—I got this tingly feeling? I mean, down there? And my knees almost gave way? I mean, he wasn't even French kissing me!"

"Mm-hmm! Right on time. It looks like your body held off just long enough to fit into that dress. Tell me, is Gary's beard starting to thicken up? Did his hands look a little hairier than usual?"

"I didn't—well, maybe I did notice. Is Gary going to transform, too?"

"I should think so, given his parents. Tell me when you go all smooth and we'll know when to throw a coming out party for the both of you."

"A coming out party? As in, 'Hello everyone, I'm a nymph now. Who wants to get laid?'"

"Don't be sarcastic. A coming out party as in welcome to adulthood, kiddies, now you can play with the big people."

*****

Lee-Ann and Gary sat on a bench at the local mall talking about nothing in particular, just keeping company. But she did sneak surreptitious looks at the back of his hands and just as her mother guessed, the hair was getting thicker, darker and was beginning to grow on his second knuckles. She remembered the porn film one of her friends had sneaked into one of their stay-over parties at Mitzi's. It showed a satyr and a nymph cavorting outdoors and though the nymph had a gravity defying bust line, the girls had concentrated their attention and raucous comments for the satyr. The nymph had been barely able to get his cock into her mouth and was completely unable to touch her fingers to her thumb around it. And his balls! It was rumored that the gonads on an average satyr weighed between two and three times what basic humans' did. The idea of such potency silenced the usually giggly crew.

"Boy," murmured Mitzi, "if you're having a hard time getting pregnant, he'd sure be the solution."

And soon her funny, clumsy geek of a boyfriend would be hung like that. The idea was daunting as was the probability that nearly any man she met might be and if he wasn't and she took him to bed, in a month he would be. May as well stick with Gary, I guess. But that first time is going to be hard. And Mom is planning a Coming-Out Party for us. Why does the idea make me really, really nervous?

The following Saturday, showering after track practice, Lee-Ann tossed her towel over her shoulder and headed back to her locker. As she passed Mitzi, who was putting on knock-around sneakers, her friend looked up. "Whoa, Lee-Ann, a full Brazilian?"

Lee-Ann looked down to see that her body was completely smooth. Recovering quickly she answered, "Uh, yeah. I was just going to do my legs for the prom but they were having a sale and you know how that goes . . . "

"And now that the proms are all done, I'll bet the sale is done, too. Just my luck, yanno?"

They girl-talked until Mitzi was ready to leave, then said good-by. Lee-Ann dressed thoughtfully. "Tell me when you go all smooth and we'll know when to throw a coming out party for the both of you," her mother had said. Well, I'm all smooth. I guess I'd better tell Mom but I'm going to have to get some more details before I agree to any 'Coming-Out Party'!

****

That evening she broke the news to her mother as they loaded the dishwasher together. 

"Today?" Amelia was pleased, "Excellent. Let's see—your bras will start getting uncomfortable in two weeks and then again two weeks after that so there really isn't any reason to bother replacing them. Just do without."

"Mom," Lee-Ann looked at her mother sternly, "I run around in tee-shirts and shorts all summer. You want me to go bra-less? And bounce all over the place?"

"Why not? Your bras don't do anything but hide your nipples, anyway. It isn't like you need any support, not at your age. And you won't for some years to come, either. If 'the girls' attract the men's attention—so much the better."

Lee-Ann was floored. Amelia had always been totally open with her children but this seemed a little over the top, even for her. "Mother, what is with you, lately? Do you want me to start having a lot of sex or . . .?"

Amelia poured detergent into the machine, closed the door and turned it on. Then she turned to her daughter and crossed her arms. "Young lady, I already told you that when I got to Lindsey College I plunged into the hook-up culture. It almost got me flunked out! The following fall I was more careful but by then people were starting to transform in to mythics. The guys I knew from the previous year were sporting beards and body hair like bears. The chicks all had boobs to next week and skin like silk. It seemed weird. 

Then I went to the first party of the year. It was at one of the faculty member's home and everyone was out in the back, around the pool, drinking and talking. I'd had a beer or two on an empty stomach and was getting just a bit buzzed when this upperclassman sat down next to me and started chatting me up. Looking back, I now realize that he had worked up a good charge of pheromones and was breathing them at me. All I remember at the time was that he was really, really hot and when he put his arm around me, I shivered. He helped me up and walked me around behind the pool house, gave me a kiss that straightened my hair, undid my bikini and gave me the best fucking I'd ever had. A month later I was a nymph just like you will be. 

It doesn't matter whether or not I wantyou to have a lot of sex. You're going to. That's what nymphs do—get laid. I have sex with Daddy every night and with two or three other men in any given week. That's my life."

"Mom, at this party—do I have to have sex with Gary?"

"No."

"Do I have to have sex with anybody?"

"No."

Amelia's face was carefully neutral but Lee-Ann could detect a hint of amusement. Oh, great! It's game time again. She's doing the Microsoft routine again, absolutely accurate but completely unhelpful. I must be asking the wrong question.

"Okay, how about—Mom, at this party will I have sex with Gary and maybe other men?"

"That, honey, is up to you but the odds are very strongly weighted toward 'yes'. Will you have to? No. Will you want to? Almost certainly. You've never experienced what it's like to be given the pheromone rush. And until you do, there's no sense in trying to describe it. All I can tell you is that first you'll smell this delicious combination of caramel, nutmeg, cinnamon and maybe a little apple. Then what was a little tingle when Gary squeezed your butt will be a furnace. You will hardly be able to stand by yourself but it won't matter because you won't want to. What you will want is to be on your back, naked, with your legs spread. Welcome to the world of the nymph, Lee-Ann. It's wonderful!"

Lee-Ann sat down and thought for a long time. "Uh, really ever night with Daddy?"

"Mm-hmm. And every Saturday morning or if we're on vacation. (Fortunately we don't seem to need as much sleep as we did before.) And at work, if I don't have something else pressing to do or any time a man catches my eye. You have no idea how I've had to restrain myself whenever Gary is around, especially now that you are both eighteen. I suspect the same is true for his father whenever you go over there."

"Mr. Abbott?" 

"Of course. Charlie may give the impression that he's just like his son, gawky and held together with rubber bands, but that man is thunder in bed. Even by satyr standards he's impressive."

"And you know this be—never mind. That would be a dumb question. Mom, have you gotten laid by all my friends' fathers?"

"All of them? Hmmm—well, Mitzi's folks seem to be strictly monogamous and Julie's father is such a political fanatic I don't want to be in the same room with him. The others? Oh, probably, at one time or another and a couple of them on a regular basis. If it makes any difference, your father is very fond of Sally Abbott. When the two of you started dating we were quite pleased."

"And celebrated by swapping?"

"Well, naturally. Not that we weren't before then."

At that point Amelia's cell rang bringing the conversation to an end, so Lee-Ann went upstairs to her room and curled up on her bed to think.

The next morning she waved good-by to her parents as they left for work, made sure her little brothers were hustled out the door do summer day camp and then sat down with her laptop. She needed to know everything she could about what being a nymph was like. When she finally turned it off she sat on the bed starring at the wall. Complete control over her own fertility, immunity to all forms of sexually transmitted diseases, vastly reduced incidence of partner or spousal abuse, near elimination of suicide—no wonder no campaign to eradicate the condition ever happened. There hadn't even been much in the way of complaint from the self-appointed guardians of public morality. Lee-Ann suspected she knew why. They had succumbed like almost everyone else. As her mother had wondered, how was this playing out in the Middle East? Still, there were a few things that needed clearing up. She picked up her cell phone.

"Atherton and Associates, Amelia Corbett speaking."

"Hi Mom. Uh—are you alone in your office?"

There was a snigger at the other end of the phone. "I am. Why, were you afraid of interrupting something?"

"Mo-om, I just wanted to be able to ask a question or two, privately."

"Okay."

"Uh, Mom, you're hot. I know all nymphs are but you are really hot. How do you get any work done with horny satyrs around you all the time?"

Amelia collapsed in gales of laughter. When she finally recovered and wiped her eyes, she said, between chuckles, "Honey, there's sex and there's sex. There's the pheromone driven, screaming, clawing-his-back kind I have with your father (and a few close friends) and then there's the friendly, placidly compliant kind I have with Mr. Atherton or one of the other guys here when things are slow and I don't have anything pressing to do. It all comes down to a question of maturity. Satyrs quickly learn that ill-advised use of pheromones is a bad idea and gets them in all kinds of trouble. So do nymphs. We reserve the pheromones for those closest to us or the ones we want to get closest to us. Otherwise, it's just an expression of—being mythics. That's who we are and that's what we do."

There was a long silence. "Screaming and clawing his back? With Daddy? Every night?"

Amelia sighed in response. "Yes, dear, with Daddy and every night. I know that goes against the old stories of sex turning boring after marriage but it ain't so. Not anymore! Why do you think you and the boys' bedrooms are on the second floor on the opposite side of the house? And why our door is solid oak? Lee-Ann, I got turned into a nymph without my consent but if I had been asked, especially knowing what I do now, I would have jumped his bones instead of the other way around. Now, I have three more reports to finish before lunch. If you're still concerned, we'll talk after dinner."

*****

Lee-Ann walked down the street to a neighbor's house. Rosa was a couple of years older than she was and well-known on the block as the nymph's nymph. She knocked on the door and Rosa answered.

"Oh, hi Lee-Ann. What can I do for you?"

"Rosa, I need some advice and just for once I'm kind of afraid to ask my mom."

"Afraid to ask your mom? That's different. Come on in. Coffee?"

"Thanks."

The Keurig produced two cups of African X-tra Dark and the two slouched in the living room.

"Rosa, I'm finally transforming. Yeah, I know it's late but Mom says that's what I get for being a die-hard athlete all my life. But I am changing and she wants to hold a Coming Out party for me and probably for my main squeeze, too. Okay, so we've talked about what it's like to be a nymph and how in a few weeks I'll be a sexual tigress but—well, I'd rather make sure Gary is my first? And the way Mom talks I'm going to be helpless in the face of any man who gives me a pheromone rush? I mean, what if Gary doesn't . . .?"

Rosa smiled benignly. "Honey, if Gary doesn't wrap you around his little finger, or huge cock as the case may be, do him. Uh, hasn't you mother said any about giving a guy the treatment? I mean instead of just waiting in anticipation."

Lee-Ann thought about this. "Uh, no I don't think she has. It probably seemed so obvious to her she didn't think she needed to. We can do this? How?"

Rosa's reply came with a calculating grin. "Oh, you bet we can! As to how—well, if you want Gary to be your first . . . "

"I do!"

"When's the party?"

Lee-Ann sat up straight. "You know, I don't know. I'm not one hundred percent sure she's even picked a date. Some Friday or Saturday evening some time in about four weeks? I'll be fully transformed by then, she says."

"And how about your guy?"

"Probably. He's starting to grow hair on his second knuckles. It's kind of sexy, really."

Rosa took a long sip. "Uh-huh! He's growing knuckle hair and you're responding. Yep, you'll be a full nymph in a month, no doubt about that—probably before. And that gives me an idea. Here's what you do . . ."

*****

Gary Abbott rolled up the Corbett's driveway and into their backyard. Lee-Ann was by the pool and she waved him over, excitement on her face. He walked up to her and, to his surprise, was greeted with a fat, juicy kiss. "Hi honey."

"Uh, hi to you. Mm, that was fun. Want another?"

"Shush you, not yet. First take your shirt off. I want to see his rug I know you've grown." When he grinned and complied, Lee-Ann gave a low whistle. "Gary, how come you haven't started a beard? All the other satyrs wear one."

Gary blushed. "I can't decide what I want. A full bush looks silly on someone as thin as I am. I'd like one sort of like Dad wears but I think it looks better with lots of grey? I tried an iron jaw for that Evil Dark Lord look but dark lords don't have red hair and freckles? A goatee looks like some hick in patched overalls. Maybe a Van Dyke?"
