 Snoring, the girl lay in the warm bed, limbs pointing in all directions. Her black hair was strewn all over the place in wild disarray. Yawning she woke up. Rubbing her eyes, she rose and shuffled towards the bathroom. Scratching her butt she glanced at herself as she passed the mirror.

She froze.

"What the...!?" Eyes widening, she grabbed her breasts. Momentary struck dumb she thought of the previous night and a memory clicked into place. Her features lit up with a gigawatt smile.

"Al right, I did it!" she squealed, jumping up and down and attempted a hula dance just for the heck of it. Returning his hands to his breasts he squeezed, scared that it will go away. When was the last time he got a chance to fondle a girls boobs? Like... forever! And to think, all that time he spent in developing the medication actually paid off. A guy has become a girl!

"O yes, Steve you truly are a genius." he chuckled to himself. 

Still abusing his breasts he looked at the rest of his body. The girl looking back at him was not a curvaceous sex goddess, but the handful tits and firm ass are good enough for what Steve has planned... 

Leaving the breasts for later examination, he walked towards the package on his cabinet and ripped off the wrapping. Taking out the contents, he slips on a thong over his slender legs. The thong felt weird, like something should have been there but wasn't. 

Shrugging, he puts on the matching bra. Bummer. It seems as if it's too big. Guess he was a little too optimistic; he will have to go without one. Slipping on the dark grey shirt and a black skirt, he turned to the mirror to see the result. The shirt does not fit him as well as he liked, but it will do. Perhaps later he can go do some mayor shopping.

"Well Steve, it's time to get party started." Packing the rest of the contents from the package into his bag, he saunters out of his apartment towards the public swimming pool. The swimming pool is only a few blocks from his house and he had no trouble on the way there. Although he got some glances from some men, he tried to ignore them.

He walked inside the reception area, nervously looking around. Did he look weird? Did anyone suspect him to be more then he appears? It was highly unlikely that someone would guess his secret, but he still felt the tension of the moment. Spotting Rebecca sitting behind the front desk, he walked towards her. 

Rebecca was working at the front desk since the day he has joined the swimming lessons the previous year. She always seemed irritated if you disturb her from reading her book and not once gave him a smile, even if he tried to make a little joke. After some futile attempts with small talk, he gave up. Even he got the message load and clear. Buzz off.

"Hello, I would like to join the morning swimming lessons please," he said, giving her a nervous smile. 

A flash of irritation swept across her face. Her eyes were drawn upward from the book, slowing as his cleavage came into view and then continuing on to his face. Her eyes were searching his, sizing him up.

"Excuse me, could you repeat that?" she said.

"I'm here for the morning swimming lessons?" he said, his voice rising a little at the end from anxiety, making the statement almost sound like a question.

"Sure. Do you have a membership card?" 

After rummaging around in his bag, he gave her his card. Taking it she looked at it and frowned. "This is not your card."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, this card is Steve Stephenson's and you are clearly not him," she explained, showing and tapping on the picture of the card. Fuck! He forgot that the card was from the time he was male.

"Well... er... that is my brother's card and he gave it to me for today."

"Well usually no member card, means no entrance, but I think I will make an exception for you. Just make sure that you eventually get one for yourself, or I might get into trouble." 

"Really!? Thanks, I owe you one!'

"Of cause." She said, giving him a smile. A smile! How did he do that? Shaking his head in disbelief he walked towards the dressing rooms. His back turned, he did not see Rebecca licking her lips.

Stopping before the door to the women's changing room his thoughts returned towards the plan he made. Since the time he became aware of girls he always wanted to see within the girls changing rooms. Fantasies of what happens in there always excited him. And now was the chance he was waiting for a very long time. His paradise awaits him. 

Taking a deep breath he twisted the handle and walked into the room.

Deserted. 

It looked like all the other women have already changed and gone towards the swimming pool. Sadly it seemed that his paradise has not yet come. 

With a sigh he dropped his bag on the bench and took out his swimsuit. He climbed out of his clothes and slipped on his swimsuit. The swimsuit, a blue one-piece, clung into every crevice of his body, the rubbery fabric squeezing every bulge, pronouncing his form rather then hiding it. How women could feel comfortable walking around like that only they knew. Walking towards the swimming pool it almost felt like every eye was drawn towards his feminine body, his imagination going into overdrive.

Nearing the swimming pool he heard furious splashing as the other participants was going through the paces. Glancing around, he spotted the head trainer and went to her. The last few weeks he was under her tutelage and she was formidable. Toned muscles bulging against her attire, she was a retired swimmer that once took part in international competitions. Although she was pleasant when you talked to her in normal situations, she accepted no tardiness when near a pool.

As Steve approached Maria, she turned her head towards him and sized him up.

"Yes? Can I help you?" she said. Feeling uncomfortable under her gaze, he folded his arms under his breasts and shifted from foot to foot.

"I'm here to join the swimming lessons, ma'am." 

"Swimming lessons? You are late, the lessons for women has started half an hour ago."

"Yes ma'am, sorry ma'am."

"I take it that it is your first time joining these classes?"

"N... err... Yes ma'am."

Rolling her eyes, she gestured towards a group of girls waiting a few feet away. "Join the group over there; they should be around the same age as you. If you wish to join these lessons then I expect punctuality from now on. Do I make myself clear?" 

"Perfectly ma'am."

Before the instructor strips him of his hide, he hurried to the group for the days lessons. For the next two hours they were drilled into the right form of swimming. Every time someone finished a length the instructor explained to them what the person did wrong. If someone did a movement exceptionally well, the person was used as an example. Since Steve already had some experience he often had to play this role today. 

Throughout the lesson he was kept so busy that he did not even have time to ogle at his fellow students. Worn out and feeling abused he joined the other girls as they went towards the changing rooms. The girls gaggled, some complaining about the excessive amount of lengths they had to swim, some pleased with their improved times. Unknown to the girls there was traitor within their midst's, Steve started grinning. The excitement within him was rising with anticipation. It was almost time... 

The group of girls entered the changing rooms and scattered towards their clothes that was deposited on the wooden benches. Most of the girls were athletic and with taunt thighs. Hardened by the icy water of the swimming pool the nipples poked through the thin materials. One girl reached behind her neck to untie her bikini top, another pulling the shoulder straps of her one-piece down the sides of her arms until her breasts sprung free. All around him girls started to undress, some giggling and some blushing. 

"Gawwwd..." Steve gasped. His eyes devoured the offered flesh around him, the mind momentary paralyzed by the scene. His fantasy unfolded before him and it was better then he had hoped. The sheer taboo of what he was doing was driving him over the edge. His breath labored with excitement, blood rushing through his veins. Most of his experience of nude women was of pictures he found on the net, so a person could argue that he should be used by the sight. But who was he kidding... confronted by this huge amount of flesh will fizzle most men's minds.

While staring around him his eyes caught a girl frowning at him. O shit! 

His face flushed red; he quickly turned around and hurried to the showers keeping his head down. He hoped that she did not think too much of him. Perhaps he was a bit too blatant with his appreciation. Well it was just one little slip up. He just has to avoid making that mistake in the future.

He quickly stripped the swimsuit and stepped into the shower. Lathering his hands with soap he started washing the chloral residue from his body... and lo and behold that same girl stepped into the shower next to him. His hands momentarily froze as he waited for the bomb to drop. 

Flicking her wetted brown hair from her face she looks at him and grins. "I'm Alice, nice to meet you. What's your name?"

"What!?" What happened to the A-bomb that was about to explode?

"Your name silly, you know, what they use to call you?"

His jaw fell open while his mind tried to adapt to this situation. "I'm... errr... Claire."

She threw him a half smile. "Nice to meet you Claire. Big Matilda sure is brutal, don't you think?"

"Big who?"

"The instructor, Maria. We call her that, since... well, you know."

"O yeah, that she is." He hurriedly continues washing himself. He must get as fast as possible out of this girl's firing range. Who knows when she will start mauling him? 

"I'm impressed by your swimming earlier. Do you enjoy swimming?"

"Sure, I guess."

"Where did you swim before you came here? I don't know of any places nearby."

Steve's face fell a bit. "Err... some other place."

"Hmmm." She thoughtfully tapped on her chin while scrutinizing him as he desperately tried to look innocent.

"You new in this area?" she asked, a smirk playing on the corners of her mouth.

"You could say that."

"Well in that case, how about you come to my house? A new girl like you seems to be in a need of a girl friend."

"What!? Your home!? With you!? Right now!?" he spluttered. What does a girl like this want with a guy... no scratch that, a girl like him? Does she have a hit squad waiting for him?

Alice gave him a wicked grin. "No not right now, after this shower. And why not?" 

"But it's so sudden!" he whispered heatedly, trying not to draw too much attention from the other girls in the area.

"Well I am an impulsive girl. You have time right, Claire?" she turned towards him and cocked a hip, flashing him a smile.

Quickly glancing at her he realized that he missed out on a prime delicacy earlier. She had a firm body which was toned with repeated exercise and her small ripe globes begged to be squeezed. "Well, y-yeah." He stuttered, staring at scrumptious body before him.

"Good, then it is settled. And don't just stand there. Scrub like you mean it!" she quipped, going back to scrubbing herself.

While foaming up his body, he kept glancing out of the corner of his eye towards Alice, following her hands. She lathered her soft body with slow gliding motions, covering it in soapy bubbles. Sometimes her hands seem to slow down to squeeze and rub every available inch, drawing out the moments just a tad too long. He wondered if she was teasing him, but that is not possible in the real world. Why would this girl tease him, he is a girl for Pete's sake! He must be imagining it. But even so, he was enjoying the scene. Unfamiliar sensations were playing inside his body, an itch that he could not place.

Alice stopped washing herself and let the warm water rinse off the soap, making her body shine. Squeezing the last drops from her body she steps out of the shower towards a bench where all her casual clothes are draped. Quickly following suit, Steve headed out of the shower and began to change quickly, embarrassed being nude in front of all the girls. Even though he was now also a girl and there were physically no difference between him and them, it still felt wrong somehow. 

"Could you give me a hand? My dress is awful to zip up on my own." she called over to Steve.

Feeling like he was approaching a dangerous cat, he crept closer. He reached out a trembling finger and gripped the zipper, slowly closing her dress up.

"Right!" [He flinched from her sudden outburst.] "Come along; we have maaany things to discuss!" she said, skipping her way towards the exit. Muttering beneath his breath, he grabbed his bag and followed her.

They walked passed Rebecca on their way to exit. Alice waved at Rebecca and called out: "Bye Beccy! See you next time."

Rebecca glanced up from her book, nodded at them and continued to read, a smile playing at the corners of her mouth. They stepped outside and walked to the parking lot. The car was an old... something. He was not a great car expert, but it was blue and seemed well looked after. They climbed in and drove towards her house while Alice listened to a pop song, tapping and humming in tune. Feeling uncomfortable by the lack of conversation between them he decided to start a conversation.

"Is this your car?"

"Yes, it sure is."

Silence. 

Well, he was not greatest conversationalist and old habits die hard. But not to be undone by fate he cleared his throat and decided to try again.

"So you live around here?"

"Uh huh. Otherwise I wouldn't go to that public swimming pool."

"Awesome." 

Hopeless indeed.

Stopping in front of her house, they climbed out. Fumbling in the garden, Alice pulled out a key that was hidden beneath a rock and unlocked the door, ushering Steve inside.

"Where are your parents?" Steve said, looking left and right.

"They are both at work. They should be back around six." Alice said, walking towards the kitchen with Steve following. She opened a fridge and bends down rummaged inside, showing off her taunt legs.

"Claire, do you want something to drink?"

"Err... water would be ok." 

Alice looked over her shoulder and cocked an eyebrow, "You sure? We have lemonade."

"No, I'm fine. I don't want to impose."

Harrumphing she took two glasses, filled them both with lemonade and thrust one into his hand.

"You know, if a host offers you something, it would not be considered imposing at all if you would accept her offer." she teased.

"Sorry. I did not mean it as an insult."

"It's fine. Just remember it for the future."

"Ok. I'm really sorry though." 

"Like I said it's fine. Come, let's go to the lounge." 

They went towards the room next door. A few sofas were arranged in a semi-circle in the middle of the room towards a television set. On shelves next to the television set there was a whole selection of movies. Quickly glancing at the list it seemed that they have collected most of the top films produced in the last few years.

Stopping near the shelves, he looked nervously at the sofas and wondered on which one he should sit. He did not want to stoke her ire further by sitting on her favorite spot. Alice eyed him for a few moments and suddenly burst out laughing.

"You are hopeless! You can't even decide where to sit! It would not surprise me if you never had any luck finding a man." she gasped, struggling to get her breath.

He sheepishly stood there, not knowing what to say. Still laughing she pulled him down onto the sofa with her.

Eventually catching her breath, she turned towards him. "Well did you ever manage to get a man?"

"Err... no. I haven't thought that far." he muttered, sipping his lemonade. He was not gay and would never consider turning over to the dark side. He liked women too much. Not that he had any luck with women either, otherwise he would not have gone through all this trouble.

Giving him a knowing smile, she dropped the bomb. "Sooo, did you like the view at the swimming pool?"

"W-what do you mean?" Drats! He thought he got away with that. 

"O don't you dare try to hide it. I saw you staring at this!" she gestured at her body.

"Err...No no, it's because I'm not used showering with other girls. I usually do it alone."

"Reeaally?" she asked, clearly not believing him. "Well in that case we should help you get... acquainted with other girls."

"Huh!? Acquainted?" he squirmed in his seat.

"Suuure. I promise you it would be fun." she purred, putting her hand on his leg.

"B-but I'm a girl! You know that right?" his eyes darting left and right. He put his lemonade on the table, not sure what to do under her scrutiny.

"So? I don't mind and I am sure you wouldn't mind either. After that scene at the showers, I thought it would be fun to have a change of scenery." She gave him a Cheshire grin and slowly slid her hand upwards. Her hand softly glided over his inner thigh, now and then squeezing, until she stopped it close to where his thighs meet. His breath has become ragged with excitement and fear, not sure if he should run or not.

"Do you want me to stop or go on?" Alice breathed into his ear. 

That was some question. 

Deathly afraid of women his whole life, he avoided them at all costs. That does not mean that he didn't have an interest in women, it is because he just felt clueless. Clueless of why they do things in the manner they do, almost as if they communicated on a different level. Clueless of what they think of him. 

When he saw a girl he liked, he would just hover around her, but never start a conversation. Feign indifference, scared of what she would do if she knew he liked her. In desperation he spend a lot of time creating this medicine, in order to learn how they see the world, but also to get his rocks off.

What was happening now was definitely not what he had planned at all. Looking at her now, he found her alluring. Here was someone who knew what she wanted and was prepared to chase it with whatever it took, so different from him.

"Y-you sure? I don't have a lot of experience with... you know." he stammered, his lower lip quivering. 

Alice's eyes softened a bit, before she gave him a brilliant smile. "Don't worry Claire, I will teach you everything... in... great... detail." Leaning forward, she pressed her lips against his. His back tensed upon the contact, but the tension gradually flowed from Steve, allowing her to continue. Alice's lips quirked into a smile as they kissed, pleased that Steve was relenting. 

Alice raised her hand on Steve's leg and caressed his stomach, slowly moving upwards. He shivered under her touch, enjoying the intimacy. She reached Steve's breasts and froze. Breaking the kiss and she cocked an eyebrow in question.

"No bra? Not what I was expecting..." 

His face flushed beet red, not knowing what to say.

"Full of surprises hmmm? Well let's see what... other surprises you are hiding." Eyes twinkling with mischief, she reached around Steve and lifted his shirt. He hesitated at first; he raised him arms letting Alice remove his shirt. Tossing it aside she moved over Steve, straddling him and greedily mashed her lips against his, continuing where they left off. Her right hand squeezed and pinched his breast, each time sending subtle jolts of pleasure through his body. 

The unfamiliar sensations that he felt at the showers returned, burning inside of him. The kiss and the fondling seem to stoke a fire that he couldn't quite fully explain. One thing he could say is that his nether region felt increasingly... empty. The need to be gloriously filled pulsed from it, begging Steve for release. When he rubbed his legs together to somehow relieve the need, it had the opposite effect, the throbbing heat rising. 
