 Catherine opened the door to the bedroom as quietly as she could. In the bed her husband Peter was just starting to stir. Peter had a habit of tossing and turning before properly waking up, and as she entered the room he flipped himself over onto his back and mumbled something, still in the grip of some semi-lucid dream. The movement happened to throw the majority of the covers off of his body, leaving only a single leg still covered. Catherine took a moment to enjoy the view. Her eyesight had been drastically improved by the potion that Peter had brought home the previous day, but last night she had been too distracted to properly appreciate how much better she could admire her husband's body.

Peter was pretty average in terms of height, and was only a couple of inches taller than her - just tall enough that she could comfortably reach up and kiss him on the lips. He had something of a wiry frame and was a little thin due to their recent hardships, but that only accentuated his broad shoulders. Catherine's eyes fixed on her husband's relaxed face for a moment before roaming over his bare chest and down between his legs.

The sight of her husband's flaccid penis sent a shiver of remembered pleasure through Catherine's body. Last night had been something of an uncontrolled storm of lust in the immediate aftermath of drinking that health potion, and Catherine threw a thoughtful glance at the remaining liquid sitting in its bottle on the side table. Peter said it had just been left over residue rather than a complete potion, but it had felt immensely powerful. Potent alchemist elixirs could cost hundreds of gold, but she had never heard of one transforming someone as completely as this one had done. Her sickness had been banished, her eyesight perfected and even her breasts had increased in size. Plus of course, there was her increased libido which, right now, she was struggling to contain due to her naked husband lying in front of her. She would have to discuss everything with Peter later, but right now all she wanted was to try and take the edge off of her lust.

As silently as she could, Catherine climbed onto the end of the bed. Peter hadn't woken up yet, and didn't seem to notice the bed shift under her weight. Catherine was feeling increasingly horny, but she was determined to be more in control this morning. Last night had been a wild and unrestrained fucking session, but this time she wanted to draw the pleasure out. Laying down on the bed, she propped herself up with one hand and reached out with the other to cup Peters balls. She held them in her hand a moment to let them settle and to make sure Peter wasn't disturbed by her actions, and then began to gently play with them. She could feel his testes within their sack, with the left hanging down slightly more than the right. She imagined that his body had been hard at work all night to refill the semen that had been spent in last night's activities. 

After about a minute of play, she moved her hand up to Peter's flaccid penis. His skin was still slightly sticky with residue from last night, reminding Catherine of just how wild she had been. She trailed her index finger up and down the length of his member before playing with the foreskin that covered the head. It didn't take long for his manhood to respond to her attentions, and it soon began to harden and rise. 

Peter was starting to make snorting noises as he battled the last remnants of sleep holding him unconscious. Catherine began to gently slide her hand up and down the length of his rod until it was just over half of its erect size. Quickly, before Peter could awaken, she repositioned herself for better access, and then with one hand still on the shaft she guided his member into her eager mouth. Her lips closed about his now rapidly hardening dick, and as she slid her tongue across the head she could taste the residue of their mixed fluids. The flavour was unexpectedly sweet, and Catherine could feel her own arousal building as she savoured the taste of his cock. Catherine held her head still until he was fully erect, enjoying the feeling of his manhood growing and hardening while she held it in her mouth. She used her tongue to caress everything she could, feeling the veins pulsing slightly as blood surged through them. 

Peter finally awoke when Catherine decided to start moving properly. He felt confused, but also horny. The last thing he remembered from the previous night was cumming harder than he had ever done before. As the last cobwebs of sleep fell away, he slowly realised that the heavenly sensations he was experiencing were not just fragments of some lucid erotic dream. He was already fully erect, and raising his head up he caught sight of Catherine slowly bobbing her head as she sucked, licked and teased his cock. 

Feeling him move, Catherine lifted her head and let his dick slip out of her mouth, a line of saliva dripping from the swollen head. She continued to slowly pump him with one hand as she looked up from behind a curtain of golden hair.

"Good morning sweetheart. I wanted to thank you for bringing home that potion yesterday, and I know you love it when I give you attention like this."

With that Catherine lowered her head once again, opening her mouth wide to engulf his cock in one smooth motion. She began to swirl her tongue around his trapped head, teasing and exciting him further. Peter could feel himself starting to involuntarily buck his hips, but managed to keep himself (mostly) under control as she continued her tender ministrations. He had always loved when Catherine used her mouth on him, but she had never been as good as this before!

"Catherine, (gasp) what...what (ugh) is going on? Yesterday you were (ah), you were hardly able to stan..(uh)..stand! Now you are giving me (woah!) the be..(ah!)..best blowjob of my life! If you..(urgh!)..don't stop soon I (uh!), I won't be able to hold (aah!), hold on! " 

Catherine paused at the bottom of one more downward bob, Peter's turgid member twitching as she held it against her tongue. She had never actually made Peter cum with a blowjob before. Her previous blowjobs had always just been foreplay for more coventional sex. The idea of having him cum in her mouth had never appealed to her previously, but now it no longer seemed off-putting at all. In fact, the thought of feeling him erupt while she sucked every last drop out of him was actually pretty damned tempting. But right now Catherine wanted some action for herself, and she didn't want to finish things off just yet. With one last flick of her tongue she tasted the pre-cum oozing from the head, and let Peter's fully engorged penis spring free as she released it. Then she hoisted herself further up the bed and pinned his penis down against her belly. She used both arms to prop herself up and let her nipples track across Peters chest as she spoke to him.

"Well, we don't want you coming just yet now do we? I hope you enjoyed your treat."

Catherine lowered her voice as she continued, purring in a sultry voice as she leaned in to Peters ear and pressed her body against his.

"Now...I want you to make love to me. I am burning with desire, and I want you to help stoke my flames higher. Take me, and show me what you can do."

She ground herself into him, and Peter could feel the warmth emanating from her groin where it pressed into one of his legs. Catherine nipped his ear slightly as she let a low growl of desire escape, then raised her head again. Peter looked up at her, and just as he was about to speak he glanced into her eyes. He was about to protest that none of this was normal, and that they should talk NOW before doing anything else, but as he looked into her eyes they suddenly flashed pure gold and he felt his primal desires intensify. Just like the previous night, his cautious and logical thoughts were pushed aside or melted away as he gave in to his lust. 

Peter raised up the leg that was not currently being humped by his lust-filled wife, and used the leverage it provided to flip Catherine onto her back so that now he was the one on top. He used his hands to pin her unresisting arms above her head, and lowered his head to passionately kiss her full lips. Again and again their lips met, both of them desperate for a taste of the other. Eventually Peter broke off and moved his attention elsewhere, slowly working his way down her neck and throat. He slowed down the pace of his kisses, lingering with each one and occasionally licking her skin as he did so. Between kisses he allowed his breath to blow across her sensitive skin, the sensation heightened where his kisses and licking had left the skin slightly damp, causing Catherine to quiver and moan with pleasure.

As he finished with her neck, Peter released Catherines arms so he could move himself further down her body. He continued his pattern of slow, lingering kisses upon Catherines skin and gradually made his way down towards her bosom. As he reached the swell of the right breast, he shifted his weight onto his left arm in order to free up his other hand. Stopping his trail of kisses, he used his right hand to trace the outline of her breast. He lightly traced a spiral with his fingertips, with her rock hard nipple at its centre. When he reached the areola his fingers stopped, and Peter leaned down and used his tongue to gently flick the nipple, eliciting another shiver of pleasure from Catherine. After two more quick flicks with his tongue, Peter brought his full mouth down and began to suck upon the erect nipple, occasionally teasing it with his teeth as he did so. While he lavished attention on her with his mouth, he moved his right to her other breast and used it to knead and squeeze. 

Catherine was thoroughly enjoying the attention Peter was giving her. He had always loved teasing her nipples, despite how small her bust had been. With the increase in size caused by drinking the potion last night, Peter was properly able to grasp and knead her bosom with his hands, and the feel of him doing so was an exquisite new experience. It felt far better than when she had experimentally fondled them herself. As she lay back and enjoyed the attentions of her husband, Catherine felt that inner source of power created by the potion begin to react again. She sensed energy gathering within her body and she briefly tensed up with nervousness, but it seemed to lack focus and nothing more happened. Another jolt of pleasure from Peter gently biting a nipple sent her attention back to her husband, and Catherine let herself be distracted once more. 

Peter shifted on the bed, switching sides so as not to overly favour one breast over the other. When he did so he positioned his body between her legs, which Catherine eagerly spread in order to make room for him. His rock-hard erection pressed into her, smearing pre-cum over her belly. With a wet pop as he released his mouth from her breast, Peter used both arms to raise himself up and looked down upon his wife. He slid his member across her exposed labia, themselves already wet with Catherines own juices. Catherine however had had enough teasing, and locked her legs around him to force him closer.

Sensing that his wife's patience was running thin, Peter lined himself up and pushed the head of his manhood into her welcoming entrance. He found that Catherine was overflowing with lubrication, and so he threw patience to the wind. With a single thrust, he pushed his entire length into her passage. The tight embrace of her pussy's walls around his member felt divine, and within moments he was pounding himself in and out with long, hard thrusts, his balls slapping against her with each movement of his hips. 

Catherine was an active participant, and matched his rhythm with her own hips, pushing herself up to meet him each time he plunged down. The feeling of him pushing inwards and stretching her out over and over was amazing. With all the built up anticipation from earlier, it didn't take her long to tip over into an orgasm. She let loose a howl of pleasure, and a flood of feminine juices flooded out of her vagina, squirting around Peter's penis as he drove into her once again. Peter's pace didn't let up, and he kept pounding her without pause as she rode the high and her internal walls repeatedly clenched down upon him. 

Peter paused briefly, and then lowered his head to her chest again to suck and pleasure her breasts. Once he had latched onto her left breast, he picked up his pace again. With the combined sensations from her pussy and breast, it wasn't long before Catherine could feel herself rising to another climax. She could feel Peters balls slapping into her over and over, and suddenly she desperately wanted to feel him cumming inside her again. She wanted to feel him shooting a huge load deep inside her as he emptied those balls, to feel his cock twitching within her as she held him close, to milk him for every drop of cum that he could give her. 

Without consciously being aware of it, Catherines mind started once again to direct the well of power within her. A stream of energy flowed down to their joined nethers, and each time he bottomed out within her a small drop of power made the jump across to his penis before arrowing into his nuts. Caught up in their passion, Peter didn't notice that with every thrust his balls began to get ever so slightly heavier, the impacts weightier.

Peter had already been close to cumming earlier from Catherines blowjob. While he had been able to hold off so far thanks to the time he spent teasing, all of a sudden he felt the pressure building to a level he could not control. He drove himself as deep as he could into his wife's tight passage, and let loose his load. One, two, three...four, five times his cock jerked within her as he sprayed thick ropes of cum. Each one felt immense, the sheer quantity completely taking him by surprise. His climax seemed to send Catherine over the edge as well, and he felt her walls clenching hard. Her legs locked behind his back and held him in position, and once his initial orgasm had stopped he felt her doing something else he had never experienced before. She used her vaginal muscles to squeeze and massage his cock, drawing out every last drop of cum that she could as she rode out her own orgasm.

When she eventually relaxed and released her legs, Peter pulled himself out and lay down beside her. His slowly deflating member exited her with a wet pop, and their mixed fluids began to sluggishly flow out of her now empty vagina. As he embraced his wife post-coitus his mind started to come back into focus, and the concerns he had been thinking about earlier returned to the forefront of his mind.

"Catherine, that...that was incredible. But I really think we need to talk! I mean, I loved your wake-up but none of this is normal. Yesterday you were half-dead. We need to figure out what side-effects that potion has had!"

Catherine sighed, her own lust abating. Peter was right, they needed to talk about the aftereffects of the potion.

"Ok, let's get dressed and cleaned up. We can talk once we are fully clothed."

Peter went to use the washbasin first, and as he did so Catherine looked at the shredded remains of Peter's shirt where it lay on the floor. Had she really done that last night? Maybe they did need to sit down and talk about what was happening to her...

****** 

As the young couple rose from their bed and cleaned themselves up, Magus Alexei was just waking up across the city. He groaned as he left the peace of sleep behind - there was an incessant ringing in his head that he could not get rid of. He staggered up from the chair he had fallen asleep in, knocking several empty bottles spinning across the floor as he did so. Shuffling over to the table, he clumsily grabbed a bottle that was still half-full and swiftly knocked back a gulp, the fiery drink burning its way down his throat. The ringing in his head wasn't going away...what had he been doing last night? He remembered being angry at...someone. For something. Another swig of the bottle. The ringing sound started to be accompanied by a rhythmic pounding...it sounded like someone knocking on wood...

Realisation dawned on Alexei that the ringing noise wasn't in his head. Someone was using the bell at the entrance of his shop, and had now started pounding on the door. He looked at the ornate clock that stood in his study - it was still early, why would anyone be at his door? He never opened for business before noon. Except...today was the day that the Duke was to come and collect the potion that Alexei had been making for him. The Duke wasn't supposed to arrive until this evening, but maybe one of his servants had come to confirm all was ready? He looked down at himself - he had fallen asleep in his work apron, and it smelled like he had spilled something alcoholic last night. The doors of the side cabinet were wide open and a dozen bottles that had once held brandy, vodka and wine were scattered across the room, most of them empty.

He briefly despaired, but then came to a decision and staggered downstairs to the shop, pausing only to grab his spectacles. Whoever was banging on his door should know better than to bother an esteemed alchemist such as himself outside of business hours, and they would just have to bloody deal with his dishevelled appearance. When he got downstairs he could hear muffled shouts between bouts of banging at his door, and as he came through the curtain that separated his living area from the shop space he shouted in return.

"I'm coming, you insensitive cretin."

The bell stopped ringing, and the pounding stopped, so whoever it was must have heard him. He unlatched the door, cursing whoever was on the other side. As soon as the door started moving, it was pushed violently open and Alexei was nearly knocked to the floor. Flailing backwards until he caught himself on a shelf, Alexei was shocked to see two men-at-arms burst into his shop. They were fully armed, with dangerous looking swords on their hips and shining breastplate and helmets embossed with the city crest. The two men took up position on either side of the door without a word, and then between them strode Duke Nikolai, lord of the city. Alexei could only gape, completely confused. He tried to say something, but couldn't seem to form the words.

"What...I...Your grace?"

The Duke smiled broadly as he turned to look at Alexei. He was nearing his seventieth year, but unlike many members of the noble classes he had not let himself give in to sloth. He still possessed the physique of a man who cared for his body. Even if his movements were starting to become stiff with arthritis, the Duke had once been both a keen duelist and a capable warrior and he still carried himself like a soldier. Despite the fact that every hair on his head was now grey he still maintained a magnificent styled moustache. His smile as he spoke to Alexei felt...predatory.

"Ah, Alexei. My favourite alchemist and crafter of unusual elixirs. I was afraid you might not be home, but clearly I was wrong. When no-one answered your door, my guards started to get worried. If you hadn't appeared when you did I dare say they may have broken the door down! I do apologise for their rudeness, my men can get quite...enthusiastic"

The Duke laughed slightly, but the humour didn't reach his eyes and Alexei felt that if the guards had broken down the door, it would have been at the Dukes direction. The Duke paused, taking in Alexei's appearance. A slight look of distaste crossed his face, but it swiftly vanished and was replaced with warmth and civility again as he continued.

"It would seem that I have come upon you before you have had a chance to...freshen up. In fact it looks like I may have woken you up."

Nikolai sat himself on a stool before the counter, while Alexei nervously stammered a reply, completely caught off guard by this sudden intrusion.
