 The man's heavy weight holding her down sent a burning rush of fear searing throughout Gabriella, pulling a threat of darkness through her vision. Gabriella fought it off, not sure she wanted to, but unable to leave herself anymore vulnerable then she already was. She'd been sure the man's wrath wouldn't be triggered if she didn't try to fight, didn't respond to the urges to scream and cry. It was harder to hold to that conviction now. None in her life had ever treated her with anything but respect, no man had ever treated her as anything but fragile, one who must be protected and cherished. They had certainly never handled her so roughly.

Gabriella was afraid, very afraid. Still, her resolve not to show it kept her face neutral as she regarded the man. The way he was watching her, the way he had gone still above her, no movement made to act on what he'd voiced moments ago, calmed her some. And made her curious. Maybe he could be reasoned with.

Gabriella took a deep breath, difficult with the man's weight, and licked her lip. "I can see the reason in getting dry..." she paused, thought on how the little man had addressed him, and hoped doing the same would gain her some ground with the man who seemed high on his own authority. "My Lord." she licked her lip again, feeling strange using the archaic title, but barreled on with determination. "But it would be hard to do so like...this."

Slater's frown was dark. Damn it. What was it going to take to rattle the chit? 

"You think it would be...hard?" a dangerous smile took to Slater's lips as he reached down, slowly, making sure the girl followed the motion, and jerked a short blade from his belt. "I think it will be quite simple, if you are referring to your clothes..." his smile broadened, noting how her eyes widened, head turning slightly to follow the path of the blade. Slater took his time bringing it up between them, bracing himself above her with one arm. "With a bit of thought I believe you will accept all else will be...easy as well."

Gabriella closed her eyes, not wanting to see what he would do with the blade. A shiver passed through her body and when a fair bit of time had passed and the man still hadn't moved she opened her eyes. The man was smiling, just watching her. Now Gabriella understood. He wanted her to be afraid.

It didn't mean he wouldn't hurt her, but it gave Gabriella something to work with.

Setting her eyes on his and tilting her chin up Gabriella shrugged off her fear. "Do what you have to...My Lord..." there was no deference to the address now, in fact Gabriella made it sound fair disparaging. "But can you make it quick? You're quite heavy."

Slater couldn't hide his shock. Here he was, pressing his large, muscular form against her, holding a dagger over her, and she had the nerve to tell him to hurry? To complain that he was heavy?

"Do you have any concept of the things I could do to you little one?" to emphasize his point Slater put his knees on either side of her thighs, resting his hand by her head and trailed the tip of the dagger carefully along the revealed flesh above the collar of her shirt. 

The girl twitched, but other then that there was no reaction to the threat. Her expression hadn't changed. "I suppose you could cut me up...or rape me." she arched a brow at him. "But I don't think you will."

Slater tossed the dagger aside, rose up on his knees and grabbed a handful of the girl's shirt, yanking her up to face him. "You think not? I wouldn't be so certain of that if I were you." he sneered at her when her lips parted in surprise. "I am not known for my kindness."

Clinging to the small bit of hope that glowed within, telling her she was on the right path, Gabriella smiled at the man, giving a little shrug of her shoulders. "I'd like to know how I'm expected to know that. I don't even know your name."

Eyes fixed on the dimple on the girl's cheek Slater shook his head. "I am Lord Slater Moloch, Duke of the Vox Terra's northern region." the girl rested her hands on the bed of pillows behind her. Shaking his head again Slater let go of her shirt, watching the way she cocked her head and regarded him with unnerving curiosity. Despite himself Slater found he wanted to learn more about the confident and composed little imp. "What is your name?"

"Gabriella Fairling." she said without hesitation. Wrinkling her nose she reached up and pulled a wet string of hair from her neck. Wet as it was her hair stuck to her pale flesh in several places, its color darkened in dampness reminding him of blood.  

Slater couldn't help it. Without realizing he'd done so he dropped his aggressive bearing, reaching out to take hold of a long strand of hair from where it rested on her shoulder. Playing it around his finger he lifted his eyes back to her face.

The girl was beautiful, but she would be. Without the allure of her face and form she might have been passed over, regardless of her greater value. The Northern courts greatest weakness was its vanity, a flaw that had near lost them the last war. Slater had spoken to his brother of this, but King Villem Moloch's conceit was legendary. It was why his bastard brother who resembled him so fiercely had been graced with their father's name long after the man was dead. Their father had never claimed Slater, but Villem couldn't care less. To Villem his brother being left to poverty was a grave insult to him. One who shared the powerful line of the king should have a title befitting the superior lineage.

Slater wasn't about to complain. It had turned out far too well for him. None cared that his mother was a whore. None dared speak to him without due reverence. When Slater had been brought to his brother as a boy it had been out of fear of the king's wrath. As Slater grew it had become fear of his wrath. Slater had much enjoyed the transition.

Returning to his earlier thoughts Slater shook his head and sighed. They had collected only twelve youths, twelve youths that contained the power needed, all well suited to the various tastes of the king, his highest councilors, his ladies and his general. Slater thought it was foolish, but after voicing his objections once he wouldn't waste his breath doing so again. Villem was a wise ruler, in all but this. While the court of the southern land grew strong on the powers of the fair and the foul alike, the north would indulge in their fancy, savoring it to their pleasure rather then fill on it as needed to lay a final blow on those who continued to test their strength.

Slater only hoped his brother's latest plan would tip the odds in their favor. Not since the wars of their ancestors, a hundred score back, had they left their realms to steal power from others. In times of peace or for small battles they would collect the unawakened from their own lands, feed from them to speed the replenishment of their own force. In the battle only days past all their own reserves had been spent, all those that Villem found fair enough to be worthy that is. Rather then lay aside his ridiculous standards Villem had ripped through the veil and sent his men through, bidding them to return only when they had in hand the most powerful, and beautiful, the other realm could offer.

Slater smiled at the girl, thinking on it. There was no doubt Villem would be well pleased with his brother success. Chuckling Slater let the strand of hair slip from his fingers. Villem loved a redhead.

The thought took the smile from Slater's lips. There was no doubt Villem would want this one. Which meant she, above all, should be comfortable. Villem would not be pleased if Slater scared the girl and made her harder to handle. With a sigh Slater admitted he was lucky his attempts had been in vain. 

"Why do you look so serious all of a sudden?"

The girl's blunt words snapped Slater from his musings. The way she was nibbling at her lip again sent his thoughts somewhere else entirely.

"I was thinking that you are very pretty."

Gabriella shifted, trying to get the feeling back in her legs. He'd been sitting on them long enough to make them numb. "I'm sorry." her tone was distracted as she concentrated on wiggling her toes, clenching the muscles in her thighs hoping he'd eventually get the point. The way he was watching her made it clear she'd eventually just have to tell him to get off. 

"Sorry? Why in the world are you sorry?" he stood suddenly, throwing up his arms. "By the gods girl, what is wrong with you? To threats you smile and to compliments you apologize. Will a beating make you laugh?"

Gabriella bit back a grin, crossing her legs, happy to have found a way, however unplanned, to get him off her. "If I thought it would make the guy beating me give up...sure."

With a jolt Slater realized what the girl had done. He'd gone from trying to frighten her, to admiring her, to all out exasperation in mere moments. At this point he had no idea what to do with her, and it wasn't a revelation that sat well. Slater was always in control, he liked it that way. The girl not acting as expected was making any kind of control impossible.

Gabriella waited while the man warred with his mangled thoughts. Wishing he'd hurry she wrapped her arms around herself, shivering as she realized how cold it was. She'd worn a cute little blue plaid, pleated skirt to her party, as well as a white tank top with little ruffles along the chaste collar that hit just below her collarbone. It looked nice and was perfect for the summer weather, but she had a feeling it wasn't summer here.

Leaning on her limitless patience, seeing as the man seemed nowhere close to reaching any kind of resolution Gabriella rubbed her arms, hoping it would help make the wait easier. That got Slater's attention. Now that her arms weren't covering her chest he realized the dampness had made the shirt, quite concealing in its cut, completely see through. 

The sight cleared his mind of anything but the vision of her. Firm breast, revealed nicely beneath the soaked cloth, so round, perfectly formed, making his palms itch to touch them. Tiny nipples, awakened by the cold, poked out, beckoning him, a slight blush screened by the material.

"Come here." Slater said, forgetting all else but how his body cursed the distance between them.

Gabriella stared at the man, eyes wide, lips parted. She felt safe enough seated on the cushions, several feet between them, but the command, paired with the look in his eyes, jolted her. There was no way she was getting up.

"I'm quite comfortable here. Thanks." she said, forcing her tone to sound light and unconcerned. She didn't think he would leave it at that. She was right.

With a short growl Slater stepped forward, wrenching her to her feet. Without thought beyond what he must have, now, he jammed his mouth against hers.

Gabriella let out a little shriek of a sound, taken so off guard she couldn't hold it back. Not that she'd never been kissed, she'd had a couple of boyfriends, but those had been soft kisses, gentle. Those boys never wanted to chance her father disapproval, but all failed her father's inevitable third degree, growing nervous and fidgety under the sharp scrutiny of the man that had spent his life training soldiers for war. Her father was a big, scary man. They hadn't dared try more. This man, Slater, was bigger. Gabriella had a feeling he wouldn't have been afraid, even if her father's approval was an issue.

Which it wasn't.

Slater pressed his lips down harder, liking the vulnerable sound she'd let out in her surprise. Her little whimper spurned him further. The little girl wasn't quite so unfazed now.

Hands on her arms Slater held the girl close, knowing his firm hold was bruising her skin. Right now he didn't care. A reaction, any reaction that revealed a loss of her control was all Slater wanted. He wasn't aiming to please, he was aiming to shatter the girl's shields.

Gabriella wanted to cry. Her father had always told her if a boy got fresh he'd deal with it. She didn't think that would work now. Tasting blood on her lips where her own teeth had cut through she imagined the man's laughter if she told him her father had a gun he wasn't afraid to use. Tears broke free, salty against her lips. She didn't fool herself with thought of stopping him, but maybe, just maybe, she could spare herself some pain.

Pushing against the man's chest Gabriella felt great relief when he backed a little, letting her take a deep breath. "I'm surprised." It came out quick, which was necessary. He didn't look like he was going to give her much time.

Slater smiled, licking the blood from his lips, loving how the girl was shaking. "Why is that, little one?"

Gabriella inhaled roughly, fighting for some sense of control. "I didn't take you as a man that needed to use force."

Smirking Slater reached out and raked his hand into her hair. "I don't. You, however, are far too aloft for my liking child."

Knowing she was grasping Gabriella latched to his words, trying not to wince at the pain in her scalp. "I am very young..."

Slater laughed. "I've had younger." he kissed her again, a light brush of his lips, licking her mouth before backing enough to speak. "They all wanted it in the end..."

"I won't." Gabriella liked how confident she sounded. It didn't shift his attack. Actually it softened it. Now he was stroking her sides, his thumbs running frighteningly close to her breast.

"Are you sure?" Slater lifted one hand, cupping her cheek. He thought he was being rather kind now, despite his assertion of not being known for it. 

Gabriella's chin lifted stubbornly. "Very. So if you're going to do it..." she made a sharp, irritated sound in her throat. "Get it over with."

Slater stared at her. He was almost angry enough to shove her aside and leave her there. The memory of her firm breast, pressed with the wetness of her shirt against his chest, battled fiercely with the urge.

"Get it over with?" He laughed. "You really don't know how this is done...do you?" 

Gabriella's brow furrowed. "You stick it in, you do your thing, and it's over."

Her certainty only made Slater laugh more. "So innocent. It makes me certain there will be great pain." he smiled with indulgence. "Shall I be gentle?"

Scowling Gabriella tried to pull away. "Does it matter? You're gonna do what you want. I have no say in it, do I?"

Her words brought another smirk to Slater's lips. "No. Not really."

Gabriella let out an aggravated sound of frustration. This wasn't fair, and it certainly wasn't how things were supposed to work. Gritting her teeth she glared at him. "Then get it over with."

Slater didn't like her answer, it was obvious. Shoving her back onto the pillows he returned her glare with a fierceness that cowered his most formidable warriors. Gabriella didn't so much as flinch.

"You want me to get it over with?" Slater waited. When she nodded he decided he'd had enough. "Fine."

Slater fell on her without warning, not trying to soften his assault. He let his hands roam, everywhere at once, groping her roughly, hands on her bare thighs, squeezing until she cried out, ripping open her shirt so he could get a better view of those luscious breast. 

The women he knew wore little under their dresses, sometimes binding to make their figures more appealing but little else. Slater didn't understand the need for the contraption that covered her breast. They were perfect, would be without the confining cloth. What was the point?

Reaching over Slater found his dagger, feeling no need to find a way to relieve her of the bindings without, and cut through the front of it, easily fending off her hand that tried to stop him. When the material gave with ease he simple stared. 

Damn it the girl was a sight.

Her breast were proud, not shifting down even without the confines. Tiny globes just begging for his touch, not like the flesh that was so vast it fell to the sides like most of the women, young or not, that gained his attentions. Slater gave into the demand, grabbing hold of her breast. The girl's moans spurned him on. She was not objecting because she wanted to. She was objecting because she thought she must.

Hands gaining a mind of their own Slater reveled in the sensation. Pressing, fondling, thumbs grazing over the taut nipples he couldn't help but smile. The cool defiance was gone. The girl, Gabriella, did nothing but writhe beneath him. She wanted it, she loved how he squeezed and pulled. Her trifle objections were lost to the effect of his touch.

Thumbs pressing down on her nipples Slater gloried in his conquest. The girl was his. Much as she might debate it the fact was clear. One hand stoking up her thigh Slater felt the buzz of anticipation. The fight was gone from her, she was lost to the rapture of his touch.

Gabriella thought the word. No. It was there, it screamed out. But it never left her lips. The man was touching where no man had dared to and still she couldn't say it. God she was scared, she didn't know how much it would hurt, how much it would degrade. All she knew was her body had lost its will to fight what he was doing to her.

His hand was on her leg, a pressure there she knew would add to the bruises his touch had already left. She yearned to scream at him 'Stop!', but the words wouldn't come. The words were nothing now, not against the part of her that begged for more. Damn it this man was a stranger, one who had taken her, stolen her from the gentle care of her family. She must fight him...but she couldn't.

The words finally came, contradicting her actions. "Slater stop..."

Slater was smiling again. "Stop? Are you sure?"

He'd moved his hand, god she had to stop him. Fingers shifting into her panties without so much as a pause made Gabriella's breath catch. None had touched her there, none had dared. Yet here he was, this man she didn't know, playing his fingers along the most intimate part of her...

"Please..." Gabriella whispered. 

Slater smirked. He understood that tone too well. "Please?" he slicked his fingers through the wetness of her, coating himself in it. "Please more or please stop?"

For some reason Gabriella didn't understand the question. "Slater..."

"I love hearing my name on your lips." he breathed out, claiming her lips. 

Gabriella forced out a laugh, though it was the last thing she wanted to do. "Why does it matter? My name...yours..." her words jarred as he teased the very tip of one finger into the opening of her. "I'm nothing but a body..."

Slater's finger pushed a little deeper. It seemed impossible, how tight she was, in comparison with how wet she was. The soft moisture of her should ease the way, and it did, but only a little. Only the very tip of his finger passed with ease. It made him hard to think on it. There was no mistaking it. No man had touched her here, she herself had never trespassed the most sensual depths of her passion. He was the first. How he loved that obvious fact.

"Not just a body, sweet." Slater breathed out, the lust painful now. He knew this wouldn't be easy, for either of them. Not unless he wanted to be ruthless, as he was known to be. It was tempting, breaching her with force, with pain she would never forget. More then the mere brutal claim of her he wanted to leave his mark. "So sweet.." his voice was the breath of a whisper. "You tempt me...you know not how much..." 

Gabriella cursed her body that made any protest seem negligible. "Don't do this..."

Gabriella cut of her own words with a moan as Staler worked his finger in deeper. She was clenching against him, her body both pulling him in and forcing him out in a motion of instinct, firmly contradicting itself. Acknowledging only the response that served his purpose Slater worked on shoving his finger in deeper, leaning down to kiss the protest from her lips.
