 Slater rose from the pool, whipping his hair back from his face, enjoying the sting of it hitting his back. The cold air bit at his naked flesh but he ignored it, relieved to see his dick was limp for the first time in days. The icy water had served its purpose, both in refreshing him and cooling his blood. The only thing it couldn't do was free him from the fierce desire that plagued him for the willful little witch. That had been set aside, temporarily, in his concern for her.

Drying himself as best he could with a clean, albeit warn cloth, Slater dressed quickly and headed back to camp. This was the first time he'd left Gabriella's side since she'd fallen ill three days ago. 

Making sure she'd been sleeping peacefully Slater had used the time to see to his men, bathe, and clear his thoughts. He was certain his resolve was firm now. He would no longer attempt to trespass on his brother's property. Even though thinking of the sweet girl that way made him feel sick, he knew that was how it must be. 

And the conviction held until he heard her scream.

Bursting into the tent Slater's eyes narrowed at the sight within. An old woman was standing at the foot of the cot with a bloody knife. Two of his men stood at either side of the bed, reaching out. And Gabriella was pressed back against the canvass of the tent, hugging her knees, shaking and gasping as her eyes shot in panic to the men.

Seeing the blood seeping to the sheets from beneath her foot Slater stepped forward, letting out an angry roar. "What is the meaning of this?"

His men backed away. The old woman stared at him, then shook her head, motioning to a wood bucket by the foot of the bed. "A standard leeching My Lord. She is feverish."

Slater's lip curled in disgust as he eyed the thin black creatures, slipping about in the water. "Have you used the same treatment with the others?"

The old woman nodded, started to speak, then simply clamped her lips shut. She shot an entreating look at someone that had entered behind Slater.

Slater glanced over his shoulder as Heim came towards him. "Did you know about this?"

Heim shook his head and gave the old woman a look of stern disapproval. "No. But I think it is obvious they waited until you were absent to administer the treatment."

With a nod of agreement Slater moved closer to the bed. He held out his arms, pleased when Gabriella immediately crawled over to him, letting him lift her into his strong embrace. "And seeing as how the treatment was ineffective with the others I see no need to use it on her as well. I am bringing her to my tent. Send me the royal physician Heim. The girl is too valuable to risk to these butchers."

For a moment Slater was sure Heim would object. One look at how Gabriella was clinging to Slater, shaking violently, and Heim gave a firm nod, heading out to carry out Slater's command.

Slater brought Gabriella to his tent and eased her down onto the cushions within. Finding a clean strip of cloth he bound her foot, then got a thick blanket to cover her with. Settling in, appearing much more at ease, Gabriella grabbed a pillow and hugged it to her chest, smiling shyly at Slater.

"Thanks. I was sure they were going to kill me." 

Worried as he was Slater couldn't help but laugh. "You have a strange fixation with death when you are ill little one." Laying down close to her side Slater propped himself up on one elbow. "Why is that?"

Gabriella looked down, then shrugged. "I don't know. I've always been taken care of when I was sick..."

Slater frowned. "I thought I was doing a rather good job of taking care of you. This was the first time I left your side."

Tugging at her lip with her teeth Gabriella shrugged again, still not looking at him. "Oh I know, and I do appreciate it." She flushed. "But it's not what I'm used to. My mom usually brings me chicken soup and lots of tea. My dad tells me stories and brushes my hair..."

Making a face Slater shook his head. "Your father brushes your hair? What kind of man does that?"

The insinuated insult of her father brought Gabriella's head up. Blue eyes snapping she glared at him. "The kind of man who loves his daughter. He did it to help me sleep. He was secure enough in his manliness that he didn't have to be macho all the time." She arched a brow and smirked. "Unlike some people."

Slater didn't miss the jibe. He also didn't comment on it. Rather then being angry at her not so subtle disparagement of his manhood, he found he was rather impressed with the fierce loyalty she held for her sire. Of course, Slater had many who were loyal to him, but it was a loyalty driven by fear, of either himself or his brother.

Slater wonder what it would be like to be given loyalty based on love.

A plan formulated in his head. It would take some work, and some patience, but both would be needed in any case while the girl was ill. He wasn't sure it would work, but he would make the effort. He would earn the girl's trust, cease using fear to attempt to control her, and see if he could earn some of that intense loyalty for himself.

Slater took Gabriella's hand. "I am sorry Gabriella. I must confess, I've never had such gentle treatment from any that have cared for me. Perhaps you can teach me how to do it. I would very much like to see you well." His lips curved in response to the doubt in her eyes. "I get tired of your talk of death."

Giggling Gabriella shook her head. "You're a soldier. Why would me talking about dying bug you so much? You deal with death all the time."

A solemn expression on his face Slater stroked the sweat sleeked hair from her face. "Perhaps my sweet, but I wouldn't like to see one so lovely meet such an end." The sweetness of his words made Slater roll his eyes. His features lightened. "Besides. I think you are being over dramatic."

Before Gabriella could protest Heim and the royal physician entered the tent. Slater stood back as the physician examined Gabriella, watching his gentle ministrations with approval. After giving Heim a few instruction and watching him leave Slater went to the doctor to receive his diagnosis. 

"She does have a fever, but these herbs in a tea for a few days should help until we reach the town. The healers there will make quick work of the blasted ailment and she will be fine." The man said. He glanced towards Gabriella's wrapped foot which peeked out from under the blanket. "I don't approve of bleeding, and if that is how they are caring for the others, I can see why they are still so ill. There is much risk of infection out here, and thinning the blood keeps them weak."

Slater nodded. "If you are able Mathis I would like you to see to the other Unawakened. Things will go badly if we lose any to this sickness along the way."

Mathis gave a swift motion of accord. "I was going to request permission My Lord. If you have no further need of me I will see to it now."

With Slater's accord and wave of dismissal the man left. Slater went back to sit at Gabriella's side. "You see. Just as I said, you are going to be fine."

Sighing heavily Gabriella dropped her head back on the pillows. "I don't feel fine."

Bending down Slater kissed her forehead. "Well my sick little baby, we shall see what we can do about that."

***

Gabriella had drifted off to sleep by the time Heim returned. Slater gently nudged her awake, helped her sit up and braced one knee behind her so she could lean on it. Gabriella's eyes went wide when she watched Slater take the bowl Heim held out to him, along with a steaming pewter mug. She watched Slater set the mug on a bare part of the floor and wave Heim away.

"What...?" She opened her mouth without thinking when Slater lifted a spoon, full of soup, to her lips.

Slater smiled when he saw her face light up. "Chicken soup. I doubt it is as good as your mother's, but it should do the job."

Gabriella let Slater feed her in silence, a look of wonderment on her face, clearly showing her amazement at the change in his behavior. Slater was pretty amazed himself. He'd never taken care of anyone. Had never wanted to. He wondered if it was the girl's wild magic again.

Centering himself, never pausing in spooning the soup to her lips, Slater sent out a tendril of his own power, seeking any trace of hers. He found nothing, was pleased to see her powers were securely locked away, as they should be. It made him happy, and worried him all at once. Did this mean he was being considerate all on his own?

Deciding not to think on it Slater set the empty bowl aside. Checking the mug to see if it had cooled he dropped a pinch of the herbs the doctor had given him inside. Swirling it around with his finger, he lifted his eyes to Gabriella, and then brought his wet finger to her lips. He smiled, sure she would turn away. His smile fell when she opened her mouth and took his finger inside, sucking it clean.

They sat their, unmoving, for what seemed a very long time. Cheeks turning red Gabriella released his finger and turned away. Slater shook himself, then held out the mug to her.

"Here. Drink this, the doctor said it would help with the fever."

Gabriella took the mug without looking at him. "I heard."

Slater frowned. He stood abruptly and turned to leave. "You should get some rest..."

"Don't go."

Slater stopped midway in reaching for the flap of the tent. Turning back slowly he looked down at her, sure he had heard wrong. The pleading in her eyes told him he hadn't.

Gabriella sipped at the brew, not taking her eyes from him. Then she cleared her throat. "You're being nice to me. I know it probably won't last, but I want to enjoy it while it does."

Shaking his head Slater returned to his place at her side. "Silly girl. Who says it won't last?"

Sighing Gabriella took another sip. "You feel sorry for me because I'm sick. You were worried because I was dying..."

Slater let out an irritated groan. "You weren't..."

Gabriella held up her hand. "When I'm better you'll be like you were before." Draining the cup Gabriella paused with it at her lips, eying him over it. "Soon you'll go back to being my warden, and I'll be nothing but a prisoner of some weird value."

Her words cut into Slater. For a moment he wondered why she would think that. Then he understood and it made him feel quite daft. How could she believe anything else? She'd been shown from the moment she'd awakened here what her purpose was, even if only in a very vague manner. Even he, as much as he desired her, had left her untouched...well mostly...in the name of the cause.

For some reason it became very important that she know things had changed. Without giving the thoughts that they shouldn't time to route, Slater pulled her against him. Pressing his lips soft against hers he left his gentle touch to say all the things he had no words for. Let the increasing pressure speak of something more.

With a little sigh Gabriella eased against him, allowing him to deepen the kiss. Slate wrapped his arms around her and slipped his tongue into her mouth. Her mouth was burning hot with her fever, but still she responded with vigor, meeting his tongue with shy little flicks of her own, gasping when he moved over her and caught her tongue carefully with his teeth.

Slater left her mouth and moved down to her throat, sucking gently at her flesh, glorying in how it made her writhe against him. Leaving one arm behind her to keep her pressed against him Slater moved his other arm between then, stroking up her belly with his free hand, keeping it between her breast. He wanted to touch them, to mold them in his hand. But he wouldn't until he was sure she was ready.

"Gabriella." he breathed out, moving up so he could whisper in her ear. "You aren't well enough for me to claim you, as I would very much like to. But I can do something, something you will enjoy very much." He paused to let his words sink in. "Would you allow it?" He kissed her jaw, then licked up to her ear. "If you say no I will stop."

Slater preyed she wouldn't.

Closing her eyes Gabriella arched back as he continued to kiss along her jaw, then moved back to her throat. "Claim me? But you can't. You don't know me and your brother..."

Chuckling Slater took her earlobe in his mouth, anxious to make the sounds she was making in the back of her throat a little louder. "You let me worry about my brother. And as for knowing you, I plan to get to know you very well."

Letting her think on that Slater went back to pressing his lips against her throat, sucking the skin, careful to leave no marks. Gabriella grabbed the back of his head.

After holding him close for a moment she pushed him back. "You know what I mean." She seemed to think stopping him from kissing her throat would help clear her head. Her eyes drifted shut as he turned his attention to moving the hand he'd left between her breast down to her stomach. "Oh I wish you wouldn't do that...you make it very hard to think."

Slater stilled and gave her a devilish smile. "Would you like me to stop?"

Gabriella shook her head. Groaning she muttered something that sounded like 'To hell with it' and wiggled closer to him.

As much as he would have liked to hear it Slater didn't make her say the words out loud. Resolving to stop the second she gave any indication that she was frightened or that it had gone too far Slater helped her sit up. Hand stroking down her leg he caught the bottom of her skirt in his hand and began to work it up. He paused when it was just over her knee and looked at her.

Gabriella paused, bit her lip, then finally nodded. Slater relieved her of the dress and eased her back down. Shyly Gabriella crossed her legs and put her arm over her chest. Slater moved down to her feet.

"Do you have any idea." he bent down and kissed the top of her foot. "How beautiful you are?" he lay a few kisses along the part of her calf not hidden beneath the other. "A man would slay armies to posses you."

Though her legs were still crossed Gabriella relaxed a little. "And what would he do with me once he'd had me and everyone was dead?"

Slater's chuckle sent his hot breath over her bare flesh, causing her to shiver. "Why he'd have you again, and again and..."

The kisses he pressed just above her knee made Gabriella shift restlessly, crossing and uncrossing her legs quickly. Her breath quickened as Slater moved up. "There's more to life then sex." she clamped her mouth shut. "And you're not getting that now so forget it."

Chuckling again Slater glided his tongue down to where her thighs pressed together, then slid up a bit more. "There is much more then sex Gabriella, and as much as I'd like to, I've already said we weren't doing that now. This has nothing to do with what I am getting. It's all about you." Dropping a soft kiss on her hip Slater pressed his palm against her thigh. "Now open for me. I promise you, you will enjoy it. And what's more, it will help you sleep."

Her knees shook as she uncrossed her legs, opening them just an inch, clenching her fist at her sides. Glancing up at her Slater saw her eyes were shut tight and she was biting hard into her lip. Slater sighed and moved away. Grabbing a blanket from among the cushions he covered her in it and laid down at her side.

After waiting, breath held, for a long time, Gabriella opened her eyes. Then she turned to him. "I thought you were going to..."

Expression showing a calm he did not feel Slater forced a small smile to his lips and smoothed his hand over her hair. "You don't want to. It's alright."

Brow furrowed Gabriella stared at him. Exhaling slowly she shook her head. "No, it's not that...it's just...well I was nervous."

Slater nodded. This he could well understand. "I know asking you if you trust me would be foolish, but can I ask you to attempt it, just for the time being?" 

At her slow nod Slater put his hand on her stomach, then moved it down. At her nervous glance Slater was sure she would stop him, but instead she put her hand on his shoulder. Her grip tightened when his slipped the first finger inside her. As he began to slowly move it her grip eased. When he added a second finger and began to move faster she dropped her hand and rolled to her back.

Grasping to the opening, seeing how she'd parted her thighs a little to ease his motion Slater shifted down, licking and sucking a lazy trail down her belly. Quickening the thrust of his fingers he pressed a gentle kiss just above the beginning of her pussy lips. The he slid his tongue between the slit.

Gabriella gasped and moaned, squirming. With the thumb and forefinger of his free hand Slater parted her lips and lapped up from where his fingers dipped, all the way up to the soft pink rise of her clit. Flicking it with the tip of his tongue, teasing it with several gentle nips, Slater worked her to climax.

Slowing for a moment Slater's mind raced. He knew he could take her, now, and she wouldn't protest. He also knew once her head had cleared she would hate him. Decision made he ignored his dick, which pressed hard against the seam of his pants, and sucked on her. 

Fingers moving fast he stopped suddenly, worked a third finger in and curved his fingers up. He felt her convulse around his fingers and looked up to see her pressing her face into the pillow, stifling her screams.

Withdrawing his fingers Slater slid back up and pulled her into his arms, holding her tight as she came back down. It took her awhile to catch her breath, but when she did she gave him a shy smile and pressed herself against his chest, hugging him tight.

"You kept your word."

Slater scowled. "Of course I did. I am a man of honor."

Gabriella rolled her eyes and moved back to face him. "It wouldn't have been dishonorable to seduce me when you were already half way there."

Considering it Slater shrugged. "Well if you insist." he bent down, kissing her lips, his crooked grin telling her he was teasing.

Gabriella grinned and shove him off her. "Not yet. Wait until we know for sure I'm not going to die."

Slater groaned and rolled over, pulling her on top of him. "If you don't stop that I'm going to have to beat you."

Gabriella rested her elbows on his chest and her chin in her hands. "Really? Will I like it?"

Laughing Slater put his hand on the back of her head. She moved her hands and bent down to accept his kiss. Resting her head on him she began to draw little circles against his shirt with her finger. Before long she stopped, and when she grew heavy Slater knew she had fallen asleep.

In the quiet Slater started to wonder if he had lost his mind. Then he heard someone else voice the question out loud. Turning his head he sighed, then chuckled. "Your timing is improving Heim. Or perhaps not, depending on your opinion of the matter."

Heim glared at him, then shook his head, his face crimson. "I have cared for you since you were a boy. Is it so wrong of me to want to spare you certain death?"

Slater scoffed, too relaxed to take exception to the familiar way his servant was speaking to him. "Oh calm yourself Heim. My brother is not going to kill me." Absently he passed his hand over Gabriella's head. "Maybe he'll understand. He has plenty others. He doesn't need her."

Horrified Heim stared at him. "Don't tell me you've grown attached to the girl. Curse it I knew I should have kept you from her when she grew ill...the magic and the pity combined..."

Slater's eyes went hard. "The regard I hold for the girl has nothing to do with her magic, or with pity. She is..." he shook his head and waved a dismissive hand towards his servant. "Leave me now Heim. Let the girl rest. Let me rest. We will speak on this tomorrow."

Heim bowed and backed towards the opening of the tent. "Tomorrow we break camp and head to Velsham." Heim parted with a final warning. "The people of the village are fiercely loyal to your brother. It would serve you ill for them to see you with the girl."
