 White cloth, ripped and stained, gave way to rough tugging. Big hands, pulling at her, bruising her flesh. They would use her, leave her bloody and mangled by the body at her feet. The cold bit at her bared flesh and she sought escape, deep within. Let them finish her. She didn't care.

A memory came to her, giving some relief. Sarah's face, smiling and laughing, running around the large oak in the front yard of their childhood home. 

Sarah slowed and taunted her. 'Come on Gabby! Catch me!'

Gabriella giggled and skipped after her sister, careful not to get her skirts dirty. 'You're too fast.'

The image changed. Sarah was running towards her now. No longer a child, but a young woman. Gabriella had just reached the cusp of womanhood but Sarah had passed it years before. Beautifully formed, so strong, a vision of all Gabriella wished she could be, Sarah had it all. At that moment the image of infallible confidence had been shattered. 

Face bloody and bruised Sarah tripped, falling to her sister's feet. Wrenching breaths stole her voice for long moments, torn through with a sob. Sarah grasped her sister's hands. 'Get daddy Gabby. They're coming...'

Shocked Gabriella had looked past her sister. 'What's going on? Daddy's not home Sarah!'

Crying uncontrollably, head bowed in defeat, Sarah pressed her palms to the pale granite walkway. 'Get inside Gabby! Quick! I don't want them to get you too...'

Gabriella heard the sound of boots pounding on pavement. She looked up. There were two boys running up the street. Without pause she took hold of the shovel her father had left in the yard earlier that day. 'I'm not leaving you Sarah.'

The boys stopped, steps away from the girls. 'You want your sister to play too you little cock tease?' He reached around Gabriella, who was frozen in fear, and jerked Sarah to her feet. 'That's fine with us. Whore probably runs in the family.'

The boy jammed his mouth against her sister's swollen lips. Without thinking Gabriella swung the shovel. It connected with a sickening thud and he collapsed, blood spilling out from the gash in his head. Sarah gapped up at her, then turned her head to watch the other boy run off.

Gabriella dropped the shovel. The sound of the metal striking stone seemed to echo into the night as the girls watched the blood ooze down the gleaming edge. One of the neighbors came running. The police were called. The boy was taken away on a stretcher.

Hours later her father returned. Quietly he stepped into the cozy little living room. His eyes went to Sarah, huddled alone on a wing chair in her bathrobe, dark hair still wet from her shower. Sarah had refused the comfort her mother had offered, the comfort she was giving Gabriella. After assessing the situation with his usual perceptiveness he left Sarah to gather her thoughts alone, as she was best suited, and went to kneel before Gabriella.

Tears spilling anew Gabriella gazed wide eyed at her father. 'Is he dead?'

Forcing a smile, though it was rather grim, her father shook his head. 'No. He made it through surgery and the doctor says he should make a full recovery.'

Gabriella bowed her head. 'I'm sorry...'

Taking her chin in his hand her father forced her to face him. His eyes were hard. 'No Gabriella. Don't be. Don't you ever be sorry for doing whatever you need to, to survive. You saved yourself and your sister...' His voice sounded strangled. 'If you hadn't I could have lost you both...'

Sarah rose and threw herself at her father. He held her close, never taking his eyes off Gabriella. Leaning forward Gabriella wrapped her arms around his neck. The bloody image might never leave her, but the point was she was alive. She was alive and whole and so was her sister. The will to survive and protect those she loved had triumphant and always would. 

Even now.

A hand closed around her breast, more hands gripped to her legs. Covered in mud, in Slater's blood, her father's words came to her again. A dagger sheathed in the belt of one of the men came into view, and as she had all those years ago she reacted without thought and grabbed it. Swinging out blindly the blade hit flesh and she pressed down hard. Hot blood spilled over her hand. The grasping hands released her.

A gurgling, gagging sound left the man as he fell to his back, fingers prying futily at the handle of the dagger buried deep in the center of his throat. The scent of blood sickened but didn't stall her. Standing she faced the men who's eyes were locked on their fallen comrade, laying still in the mud. The urge to run was strong, but she fought it. She wouldn't leave Slater behind.

Shaking free of his shock one man grabbed her. "You'll pay for that."

Gabriella lifted her eyes to his. Hair clung to her cheeks, to her lips. She cocked her head and smiled. "Do you want to hurt me?"

The man's breath quickened. Blinking he dropped his hand and stepped back.

Another man came to his side. "Bleed the bitch Tor! She killed Judas!"

The man, Tor, shook his head. "No, we can't. She's just a child..."

Growling in frustration the soldier pushed Tor aside and reached for her. Gabriella stepped out of reach. Tor pulled out his sword and swung in a swift arc.

Blood sprayed over Gabriella's face. The soldier felt to his knees. His head dropped to her feet.

The two remaining soldiers roared out a battle cry and attacked Tor. Numb Gabriella moved away from them and knelt at Slater's side. She could hear the grunts and shouts of the men fighting behind her, but she felt apart from that now. All she acknowledged was the desperate need to somehow return life to Slater, who had been still for much too long.

There was a strange crunching sound behind her, somehow reaching her even though the stretch of silence before hadn't registered. Something nudged her shoulder. Gabriella looked up to see Slater's horse standing over her, head bent, large eyes trained on her face. The horse whinnied softly and nudged her again.

Gabriella smiled tremulously at him. "Never did get your name. Did you get scared away when the fighting started?" 

The horse lifted its head and shook it. Its reins draped limply along its neck and she could see by the way they were shredded that the horse had snapped them from wherever he'd been tethered. Slater must have left him in the cover of the woods when he'd come to meet her.  

Sensing somehow that she'd insulted the proud animal she reached up and stroked its muzzle. "I'm sorry boy. Looks like we were both too late."

The horse stomped its hoof against the muddy earth and shook its head again. Bending its neck it whinnied again and pressed its muzzle against Slater's cheek. 

Gabriella shook her head and petted the horse's mane idly. "I don't know what else to do. He's been still for so long..."

The horse glanced at her, tossing its mane from where it fell over its eyes. The way the horse was looking at her made it hard to remember it was just an animal. There was no way it understood what she was saying, no way it could give her the answers she so desperately needed.

As the horse lowered to its knees, close to Slater's side Gabriella became less certain. Nothing else was as it should be here. Everything she'd once known had proved to be nothing but the naïve beliefs of a sheltered child. Granted, hoping for guidance from a pretty pony seemed very much like yet another of those infantile notions, but without hope what would she do?

Continue kneeling here in the muck, waiting for someone to save her no doubt, Gabriella thought disparagingly. Which would no doubt lead to her being accosted by more soldiers.

Deciding any plan, even a foolish one, was better then nothing, Gabriella stood. Doing her best to free her sodden skirts from where they clung to her legs, making it difficult to walk, Gabriella decided it would be wise to make herself a little more mobile. 

The horse was bearing two saddlebags, no doubt packed by Slater with their trip in mind. Gabriella opened one and to her relief found a bundle of Slater's clothes. Stripping off her dress with no thought to modesty, seeing as her only audience was a horse, Gabriella donned a white shirt and a rich blue tunic that fell past her knees but wouldn't encumber her so long as she left the bottom unbuttoned. 

Adding to this a pair of black trousers helped warmth return to her body. Unfortunately Slater's only boots seemed to be the ones on his feet, which meant she had to keep the impractical, and by now thoroughly soaked slippers on. Paying no mind to the slight discomfort Gabriella fished out a thick, rough blanket, then set her eyes on Slater. 

Leaving the blanket on the saddlebag Gabriella moved around the horse and crouched down beside Slater, careful not to get her borrowed clothes wet. Eying him, then the horse, she took a deep breath, let it out slowly and latched on to Slater's wrist. Within seconds she was cursing the man for being so big and heavy. It felt like she was trying to shift imbedded stone.

Digging her heels into the black mud Gabriella jerked his limp form, discouraged when using all her strength did little more then move him a few inches. Changing tactics she stepped over his prone body and with her little hands under his back shoved until she had rolled him over. Taking a moment to catch her breath Gabriella gasped when she realized she had left him face down in the mud.

Shoving him again Gabriella sighed with relief when Slater's body plopped over limply, leaving him lying horizontally, half his form rested against the horse. Bracing her feet on either side of his legs she took his wrist and tugged until he slumped forward, almost folding in half.

The horse watched her as she pulled and shoved, not stopping until Slater was draped over the saddle. Only then did she take another moment to gather her strength, almost preening in pride at what she'd accomplished. 

That is until the horse stood and nearly sent Slater tumbling back onto the muddy earth.

With a little involuntary shriek Gabriella grabbed Slater, holding tight so he wouldn't slip, and straining against his weight reached into the saddlebag to fish out some rope. Binding his wrist she held the rope tight and slipped under the horses belly to tie his knees, afraid the briefest slack would cause him to fall. The horse held still as she finished tying the rope, once again causing Gabriella to believe this was no dumb beast.

Now that Slater was secure Gabriella decided it was past time that they start moving. They'd been here too long already, and if the men that had attacked her had believed Slater to be a traitor then it was likely others would as well. 

Taking hold of the shortened reins Gabriella stepped towards the trees, hoping some cover would give them more time.

The horse wouldn't move.

Turning Gabriella stepped up to it, glaring into its big, calm eyes. "We have to get out of here! Why won't you move?"

The horse snorted and tossed its head, arching its neck to look back at Slater.

Gabriella stomped her foot in frustration. "Yes I know you want to help him! You can do that by moving you stupid mule!"

The horse turned back to her, stretched its neck and leaned down, setting its blunt teeth hard into Gabriella's shoulder. With a yelp of pain Gabriella tried to move away. The horse tugged on the cloth trapped between its teeth, half dragging her to the side. Stepping forward it snorted again and released her.

Gabriella crossed her arms tight, sliding one hand up to rub her abused shoulder. Dirty, alone and miserable she wanted to sit down and give in to the threatening tears. She could feel her lip trembling and pressed her teeth down on it to keep it still. She was not going to cry.

She was however, seriously thinking about kicking the horse.

As though responding to her thoughts the horse gave her a level look. She jumped when it snorted and stomped its hoof. Shying back she watched the horse stretch its head towards her, expecting another nip.

The gentle nicker caught her off guard. It appeared he horse was trying to tell her something, and like its owned had attempted using force first, followed by something softer, gentler when that wouldn't work. Backwards and infuriating, but still, she needed to try and understand.

It finally occurred to her what the horse wanted when it bent down, moving to lower to its knees once again. She tugged at the closest rein to stop it.

"You want me to get on?" The horse simply stared at her, waiting. She frowned. "Can you carry us both?"

Lifting its head the horse neighed in a high pitch, stomping its hooves in evident irritation. Gabriella held up her hands, hoping the horse knew she understood.

Wetting her lips with her tongue, one hand on the pommel, unable to reach the easier grip of the horn, Gabriella slipped her foot into the stirrup and climbed up. Sitting before Slater's limp form proved impossible, so she settled on straddling the horse's rump, which felt precarious but made it possible for her to hold Slater in place.

Apparently having found some compassion for her the horse waited until she was securely seated before it began to move, keeping to a slow, steady pace. Exhaustion took hold with a slippery grasp, drawing her deep and then releasing her when fear of falling jarred her awake. She had no idea where the horse was headed, and at the moment, didn't much care. All she had strength for was holding on.

* * * *

"Come on Troy, that's a good boy. Hold steady and I'll get them down."

The gentle words sounded like whispers of a dream, and at first Gabriella didn't realize they had stopped. All she could think was that the soft tone sounded much like her grandmother, who never raised her voice, even in anger. It was a distant memory, but a comforting one, keeping panic at bay when she was lifted from the horse.

"Take her to my room." the voice was instructing, mild and firm all at once. "And you see to the horse Jimmy, they'll have need of him soon. Make sure he's fully dry so he doesn't catch a chill." 

"Yes ma'am." Two youthful voices chimed in reply. One sounded very close to Gabriella, but it didn't faze her. The solid arms beneath her, holding her in a comfortable recline, gave her pitifully worn body some much needed relief.

True sleep came to her, one that was unbroken and peaceful and ended much too soon. Despite the unwelcome wakefulness Gabriella wasn't the least bit put off. In fact she suddenly felt quite rested, inexplicably full of energy.

She opened her eyes and couldn't help but smile at the kindly old face that peered down at her. The old woman chuckled and took her hand. "Feeling better Gabriella?"

The content feeling flowing over Gabriella took the surprise from her words. "How do you know my name?"

Patting her cheek the old woman stood. "I know many things my dear. Most importantly the answers that you seek."

Gabriella sat up, eyes round as the full moon peeking in past the curtains. "You can tell me why I'm here? Where I am? Why I was taken?"

The old woman looked disappointed. "The impatience of youth. Think before you ask questions to which you already know the answers. I can tell you more, but first I must ask. Is there not something more urgent that plagues your mind?"

Hand pressed to her lips Gabriella nodded, cursing herself for forgetting. "Slater...is there any way to save him?"

Pleased now the old woman nodded and smiled at her. "There is indeed." Suddenly she looked quite grave. "That is if you are willing to do what is necessary."

Without pause Gabriella gave a curt nod. "I'll do anything."

Displaying a surprising amount of strength for one of such apparent frailty the old woman took her hand and pulled her to her feet. "Good, good. Then come with me darling. You've been kept as Unawakened for the king, but instead shall give yourself to returning life to his brother..." The old woman rambled on, not seeming to notice Gabriella had stopped. When finally she turned back she had a quizzical look on her face. "What is it?"

Gabriella felt on the verge of tears, again. "I don't know if I'm still unawakened. If I'm not does that mean I can't help him?"

The old woman's wrinkles face seemed to form more creases as she frowned and blinked. "Not Unawakened? Child can you consciously use your powers?"

Gabriella nodded.

The old woman's frown deepened. "Show me." Without seeming to move the old woman suddenly had a dagger in her hand, pressed to Gabriella's throat. "Slater is my blood girl. If you cannot save him I have no use for you!"

Breath caught Gabriella stared at the old woman. It was excellent incentive, but for some reason Gabriella didn't think it was a bluff. Swallowing, carefully, Gabriella tried to remember what she'd done to the soldier. She felt the power, building within, but it slithered out of reach.

The old woman lowered the dagger and smiled. "Close my dear, but not enough to be a problem. Come now, let us care for our boy."

They came to a small door at the other end of the house that only appeared small from without. The old woman pushed the door open, revealing a lavish room, fit for a king. 

Or his brother. 

Done up in a deep blue that near matched her borrowed tunic, with heavy drapes around a large iron wrought bed and thick bedding that appeared soft as down, the room seemed a perfect fit for its slumbering lord. 

Gabriella convinced herself he was sleeping. Even with the candlelight casting a haunting glow on his bloodless flesh, even without enough movement to say he breathed, Gabriella held to the conviction that he wasn't dead.

The old woman seemed to read her mind. She chuckled. "Oh he's quite dead little one. In a day or two there would have been no hope of pulling him back. It is only the call of his royal blood and your welcome presence that will return him. Thankfully you heeded the horse and came here. Few others know the rituals. It is a blessing the king's councilors saw fit to teach me."

Realizing she was gaping at the old woman Gabriella closed her mouth. "A day or two? That's impossible!" 

Arching a brow the old woman crossed her arms. "Why? Because it is so across the veil? Really child, you must have accepted by now that the limitations that hold the place you knew are absent here."

Gabriella knew that holding on to her pretty illusions that her definition of reality meant anything anymore would do more harm than good. Prepared to accept whatever the old woman offered as the new 'truth' Gabriella let out a weary sigh. "Okay. I get it. He's dead but not lost. Tell me what I need to do."

* * *

The sharp scent of herbs whose names had been given but she couldn't recall filled her with every shaky breath. Tiny flames, so many of them, flickering in an ethereal breeze that didn't touch her skin. Instead it stirred her senses, tapping to something raw within, drawing it out to hover in the air, power caste in white light.

The old woman guided it with words that sounded alien, ancient, whispered in a songlike trance. The light gathered, hovering in an iridescent pool over the bed. When the glow touched Slater's flesh his eyes opened. Gabriella abandoned her feigned calm and threw herself at him, covering his face in little kisses as she laughed and cried her relief.

Slater chuckled and looked up at her, using a hand to brush her hair back from her face, leaving it there to hold her still. "I appreciate the enthusiasm Gabriella, make no mistake, but I have to wonder what made you abandoned all that charming reservation."

Giggling Gabriella shook her head, tears in her eyes as she looked to the old woman, hoping she could give him some answers, since joy choked the ability to do so herself.

The old woman happily obliged. "Carting your dead body around will do that to a girl my boy." Her lips twisted and she frowned at him suddenly. "You big brute! You're lucky she didn't leave you in the mud. Treating this sweet little thing like that! Why, you're no better than your father!"
