 "Will you stop petting the damn mule and just get on it."

Gabriella jumped when Slater's sharp voice sounded close at her side. Hand still on the velvety soft muzzle of the huge black steed she looked up at him, dismissing his bad humor, figuring it was due to something he ate.

"He's pretty for a mule. I thought he was a horse. What's his name?" Her cheeks dimpled as she graced him with her most charming smile.

Slater scowled at her. "He is a horse, and he is not 'Pretty'." Sighing at the doleful gaze the horse sent his way Slater patted his head. "He's a fine thoroughbred, his sire is the king's horse, descended from the royal stock..." 

Gabriella's eyes glazed over. She went back to petting the horse. Slater stopped talking and frowned at the back of her head. How was it the girl had seemed so interested in the horse, mere moments before, and yet seemed bored by its impressive lineage? 

When Slater was silent for awhile Gabriella's eyes returned to his face. "Are you done bragging?"

Throwing up his hands Slater turned away from her, nearly knocking Heim from his feet. Heim blinked at him, righting himself, then looked to Gabriella, trying to discern what she'd done. 

Gabriella caught the look. Brow furrowed she looked from him to Slater. Slater had his back to her, putting a ridiculous amount of focus into arranging the packs on the actual mule. Hands on her hips she glared at his back. "So you're gonna sulk now?"

Slater went still, fist clenched around the food sack he'd been stuffing in the saddle bag. Rising, slowly, he turned. The look on his face made Gabriella take a step back. "Listen you daft little girl. In case you haven't noticed I have a full garrison of soldiers relying on me, as well as valuable quarry to be delivered to the king, which is decreasing in value by the day. I deigned to answer your silly questions and your flighty little mind couldn't focus." He stepped towards her and patted her on the cheek. "I am not sulking, my sweet. I am merely irritated at myself for wasting my time."

Mouth dry Gabriella stared at him. "Quarry? Is that what we are?" Crossing her arms over her chest, shoulders hunched, Gabriella glanced at Heim, dismissed his expression of sympathy, and then stepped closer to Slater. "What is it you plan to extract from us?" She tossed her head now, lifting her chin. "I might not be brilliant, but I've got a pretty good grasp of the English language. I want to know what I'm to be used for before I go anywhere."

Slater avoided her steady gaze. He didn't want her to see it, to see how much he wanted to truthfully deny all she'd said. It would do neither of them any good to continue on with their friendly repertoire, nor their amiable companionship. A good sleep had made this very clear to him. As had the adoring smile she'd given him that morning.

The best thing he could to was end it now, before he got both of them killed.

"Don't worry your pretty little head about it Gabriella. I'm sure the king will explain it all to you once you are delivered to him. For now, all I ask, is that you stop wasting my time." Slater watched her lip tremble at his cold words and turned away before he was tempted to take them back. Reality had finally returned to him, and it had made what he must do very clear. What he wanted was not relevant. He was the king's brother. He must do what he could to support the cause.

The original intention had been for Gabriella to ride with Slater. Now the thought of holding her against him, even for the short ride, seemed rather unwise. Hating himself for how he knew he was hurting her Slater turned to Heim. "Bring her to the group transporting the others. The men will care for her well. They know what she's worth."

With that Slater whistled sharply for his horse to come to him, mounted in a smooth vault, and rode away. 

Gabriella stared after him, tears rimming her eyes. She didn't understand. How could the man that had been so kind, so compassionate while she'd been so dreadfully ill, be so cruel now?

The question wasn't voiced until she was stuck on the back of a horse with another girl, the girl who had bravely faced the soldiers mere days before. Gabriella hadn't even realized the girl had been recaptured.

"I don't understand men. Why are they nice one second, then nasty the next?" Gabriella flushed, realizing suddenly she had voiced the question out loud to a stranger. It was bad enough Slater thought she was stupid. She really didn't want anyone else sharing that opinion of her.

The girl looked over her shoulder, letting out a harsh laugh. "Why in the world would you want to understand men? They're dumb as shit."

Gabriella blinked at the girl. Then smiled. The girl's crass talk reminded her of her sister. "Why wouldn't I want to understand them? I mean when I fall in love..." Gabriella bit her tongue. It was too late.

The girl laughed at her. "My god, are you seriously that naïve? Love? Let me guess. You got a thing for that big guy."

Gabriella laughed uncomfortably. "No. I just think..."

The other girl cut her off. "Bullshit. Everyone's seen you mooning after him like a little bitch in heat. It's pathetic. He only wants one thing..." the girl gave her a shrewd look. "Or is that it. Did he fuck you already? Is that why you're all doe eyed?"

"No he hasn't..." Flustered Gabriella looked down, watching the foliage crunch under the horses hooves. "I'm not like that. And Slater...well he's been mean today, but before..."

"Oh god. You know what, I believe you. You've got virgin written all over you. But still, that guy's been working you. It won't be long..." the girl sighed, losing her coarse bearing. "My names Joanna. What's yours?"

"Gabriella." The words were hardly audible. Gabriella was embarrassed, just imagining what the girl would say if she knew what she and Slater had done.

"Okay, Gabriella, you've got to understand something about me. I'm not thrilled about being here, and maybe I'm a little jaded. Maybe that Slater guy is swell, who am I to say. Personally, I can't stand guys, but each to their own."

Gabriella forced her mouth shut, but couldn't help staring at Joanna. She couldn't possibly mean... "What do you mean you can't stand guys?"

Cocking her head Joanna smiled at her indulgently. "How do I put this right for your sweet little innocent ears. I live an alternative lifestyle. I choose not to have...relations with boys."

Gabriella licked her lips, stunned. "So you're a virgin too."

Joanna smirked. "Not according to the crowd I hang with."

"Oh." Gabriella couldn't think of what else to say.

They rode in silence for awhile, both shifting often to adjust to the constant motion of the horse, unaccustomed to remaining in such an awkward position for so long. When they finally stopped for a short break the girls took a walk, hoping to ease the stiffness from their muscles. The guards followed them, but kept a respectable distance. It gave the girls a bit of privacy to continue their conversation.

"So did you have a...girlfriend...before you were taken?" Gabriella felt awkward saying it, but wanted to show her new friend she had no problem with the preferences she had revealed. 

Joanna shook her head, picking a leaf off a tree to twirl it distractedly in her hand. "I'd just broken up with one. It had been a few months..." She shrugged, laughing bitterly. "The tramp cheated on me...with a guy. Decided she liked dick after all."

Without thinking Gabriella let out the typical platitudes. "I'm so sorry. She didn't deserve you."

Joanna chuckled. "Really? Well how do you know little miss purity..." She paused when Gabriella went red. "My, my. Well I guess we've gotten to the heart of the matter, haven't we. That Slater guy did something to you, didn't he? Something you liked a lot." 

Not liking how Joanna was acting as if she was a clueless little girl Gabriella lifted her chin, intent on showing the girl she'd had her own experiences. "Ya, I did like it. But it doesn't mean anything."

"Bullshit." Joanna sounded incredulous, but looked interested. "If you didn't have sex then what did you do?"

Gabriella was red from head to toe. She knew it. Still, she wasn't backing down. "Well he kissed me."

Joanna scoffed. "So what! That's nothing..."

Gabriella smirked. "Not on the mouth."

Stopping short Joanna turned to her. "Seriously?" She waited for Gabriella's nod, then grinned. "You, baby girl, just got a whole lot more interesting."

Happy that Joanna had stopped regarding her as a child Gabriella was shocked when Joanna approached her, an intent look in her eyes. 

Gabriella took a step back. A tree prevented her from going any further. "Joanna..."

Joanna slipped her hand into Gabriella's hair. "So what was it like?" She leaned close, her breath stirring the hairs at the nape of Gabriella's neck. "Did you like the feel of his tongue inside you, licking up all that sweet honey?"

Gabriella tried to slip away. Joanna held her still, kissing her neck. Gabriella closed her eyes, trying to remember what she'd wanted to say. "Joanna I don't like girls."

Laughing Joanna licked her way up to her ear. "How do you know? Have you ever tried it?"

Shaking her head Gabriella put her hands on Joanna's shoulders. She found herself pulling her closer rather then pushing her away when Joanna began a gentle play of her teeth along the soft lobe of her ear. "No, but..."

Joanna pressed her breast against Gabriella's, writhing against her. "Why don't you try it. Then you'd know for sure if it was just the feelings he gave you that got you hooked."

Gabriella tried to think. It was difficult with Joanna's hands moving over her, bringing her body to life. When Joanna kissed her lips all was forgotten. The girl's expert tongue play erased all else from her mind.

With experience Gabriella couldn't even fathom Joanna trapped her in the kiss, even while pulling up her skirts, leaning her against the tree while she bunched the material between them. One hand groping between Gabriella's thighs Joanna found the damp juncture, the only place where Gabriella couldn't lie about how Joanna's attention was making her feel.

Stroking Gabriella, Joanna whispered in her ear. "I want to eat you out Gabriella. Please say yes."

Gabriella couldn't say much of anything. Part of her was amazed that she'd let it go so far. Another part of her wanted more. Joanna took the look on her face, paired with the way her hips moved for a deeper touch, as a yes.

Curving two fingers into Gabriella's pussy Joanna dropped to her knees, dipping her head beneath Gabriella's skirts. Thrusting her fingers in to the knuckle she twirled them around until Gabriella was clinging to the tree for support, legs spread shamelessly wide. Then she tipped her head back.

Gabriella felt Joanna's tongue, circling, licking, flicking close to her thrusting fingers. Joanna's lips closed around her soft mound even as she prodded at the sensitive nub of her clit. Feeling drained Gabriella wasn't sure how long she could stay on her feet. The pleasure was overwhelming, but more then that, it felt as though Joanna was drinking in much more then her flowing juices.

It felt as though her very life was ebbing away.

"Gabriella!"

Hearing the call Gabriella lazily turned her head towards it. No thought of stopping Joanna, even if someone came, Gabriella listlessly wondered who it could be.

Cold hit her abruptly as Joanna was pulled away. Gabriella collapsed to the forest floor.

"Idiots! I should have you quartered for this! She could have killed her!" 

Gabriella felt herself lifted. It was very nice. Still it wasn't enough. She wanted to be touched, so badly it hurt. Groaning she pushed against a hard chest, looking blindly for Joanna.

"We didn't know!" A gruff voice protested. "She's supposed to be Unawakened! They all are! We thought it was safe!"

By the scent, warm, spicy and familiar, Gabriella knew it was Slater that held her now. Her body tingled as the deep rumble of his angry words vibrated through her. "Unawakened does not mean powerless. It only means they use it without intent. Your ignorance would not spare you from the king. Their powers are all well documented."

Gabriella was sure it was one of the guards that cleared his throat now. "My Lord we never..." He paused. "We didn't read the reports My Lord."

A string of curses were released on the foolish men, who left as soon as they were dismissed, with Joanna in tow, to find somewhere to isolate her until they set back out. Gabriella felt Slater's grip tighten as he leaned back against a tree. She smiled when he kissed her hair, then her forehead, his concern apparent.

"So I'm stupid, but you like me anyway?" Gabriella muttered, curving close against his chest.

Slater pressed his brow to hers. "I never said you were stupid."

"No." Gabriella agreed lightly, trying to focus on him through her fuzzy gaze. "But you implied as much."

Unable to debate the fact Slater pushed away from the tree, balancing her slight form in the bend of his arms as he made his way back towards the core of his men, gathered in the clearing. 

The desperate need to get Gabriella back to the horses before he was tempted to use their privacy, and his erection, kept him walking despite his aggravated body's protests. His dick still refused to understand the desire to keep his head on his shoulders, and made walking awkward, pressed thick and hard against the seam of his pants. It wanted between those soft thighs that had been bared so nicely, closed against the other girl's face. Consequences be damned. 

Worse was the fact that Gabriella seemed to be of the same opinion. Toying with the laces of his shirt she shifted, moving her bottom in a way Slater understood too well. She had been left wanting, and now there was little room in her mind for anything but the craving that would not be denied. He wondered for a moment if she might be given some privacy to care for herself. The thought only served to make his dick twitch in protest.

Gabriella squirmed again, then turned towards him and hid her face against his chest. "Slater. Stop."

Slater stopped, then cursed himself for doing so when she pushed out of his arms, looking deliciously ruffled and wanton standing before him, making no effort to put distance between them. Rather she stood within a breath of him, shyness in her bearing, welcoming in her eyes. It was a strain to convince himself Gabriella would never be looking at him like that if she was in her right mind. 

Unless, of course, he had put a great deal of effort into seducing her first. The fact that someone else had done most of the work for him, with the aid of magic no less, just didn't seem to matter now. 

"Are you okay?" He knew the answer, he also knew it was depraved and cruel to pretend concern. Caring was another issue. Gabriella was in no danger now, and she was ripe for the plucking. What kind of fool would let an opportunity such as this pass?

Gabriella licking her lips eradicated the very wise and ready answers from his head. "Slater...I need your help..."

Trust. His mind reminded, even as he pulled her against him, pressing his lips to her hair, hooking his fingers under her chin to lift her face so he could continue to give her his tender attention. He kissed one closed lid, then the other, working his way down to her lips. 

The answer came quickly. She can trust me. I plan to faithfully relieve her of this all consuming desire before she is left vulnerable to others.

What of how vulnerable she is to you? His stubborn brain pressed.

Slater smirked against her throat, enjoying the gaspy little breaths she was making while he sucked her flesh into his mouth. Convenient, is it not?

Why do you pretend you don't care? The question brought a frown to his lips. Gabriella didn't seem to notice he'd stopped moving. Tiny fingers clenched into his shirt she moved against him, restless, mindless. He knew it was the aftereffects of the other girl's wild force that drove her. If she was any other girl he wouldn't care. He shook his head at himself. Damn it, he didn't care.

When did you start lying to yourself? An inner voice questioned shrewdly.

Without thinking Slater wrapped his arms around the small form of the girl that made such simple things so difficult. The cause. The cause was supposed to be all that mattered. It had ceased being so. The desire to keep them both alive was more compelling, but even that wasn't enough. He wanted something more, something he knew he could not have. He didn't want to use and discard her. He wanted her for himself.

The revelation shocked him. Never, in all his years, had he ever coveted something of his brother's. That was what she was, it was an undisputable fact. So why was he trying to deny it?

If only there was another way. A way for him to claim her, without risking life and limb, and without betraying his brother. Perhaps if he was to let his brother take what he needed and then...

The idea made him sick. It also served to cool the fire in his blood that had made him want to ravish her. The man that he'd always been was easily convinced bedding the girl would solve the problem. The man he was becoming slayed the notion like an unworthy foe.

Placid now that his mind had overcome his baser urges Slater faced down the reality that was becoming quite clear. No more was he nothing more then his brother's faithful servant. No more was it enough to simply have a place among the elite ranks of the kingdom. The voice that had been kept silent for so long by gratitude became a roaring wave of demands. High above them, steeling within, was the decision which could lead to his end. Or his salvation.

Freedom had never been a concern. The starving boy that had been taken from a life of destitution and hefted up into one of superfluity had never noted it lacking. Everything was provided, and nothing else mattered. The choices had been made for him, and he'd always accepted them as good ones, so what was there to question? Now the chains of his brother's rule rankled, and he ached to shake them off. 

Gabriella couldn't be used by him. There was no debating a good part of his longing to do so was little more then the fact that it was forbidden. The prevalent force that wanted to make her his own was not so easily dismissed. It was to this he finally surrendered. 

There was no comfort in the admission. To himself, and to himself alone he would admit there was some fear in what the repercussions of this decision would be. The soldier in him smothered the unease and began to formulate a plan. 

Realizing Gabriella still squirmed against him, making any kind of action near impossible, Slater decided it would be prudent to begin with clearing the girl's head. Moving with fresh, cool determination, Slater picked her up, holding her away from him lest she inavertedly sway his resolve, and walked with her deeper into the woods, away from the assemblage of his men.

The rough passage of gnarled tree roots covered with moss and dry earth gave way to an abrupt drop, lined with gravel and mud, running along the little stream. Slater eyed the water, judging it to be no more then hip deep. Which would be plenty.

***

Screams woke Gabriella, or perhaps it was the cold, or perhaps both. Disoriented and shocked she couldn't reason out where she was at first. All she knew was that she was wet.

Panic hit her and she thrashed about, grasping for something to cling to. Water churned around her, splashing into her face. The dark red of her hair blinded her and she struggled with it, even while fighting for a foothold, convinced she was drowning.

A deep chuckle stopped her thrashing. Whipping daggers in her glare she turned to Slater. "Why is it you're always laughing while I'm suffering?"
