 A/N: I know a few people didn't like the 'character dump' as it were, but I will make sure all of the main characters develop distinct personalities so you can tell them apart, besides their culture and appearances. Bare with me as we meet the last 6 of the main cast. I do hope ya'll still are interested enough to keep up with this too because I do love this story.

Special thanks to my editor Todger65. He's been awesome.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cyrus was highly distracted by his own thoughts. So much so that he accidentally bumped into someone.

"Oh!" the person said as she fell back a bit.

The prince looked up, his cheeks red in mortification.

"I am so sorry miss." He said before really looking at whom he'd accidentally bumped into.

He completely lost all thought though when he saw her. The young lady took his breath away! She had the same kind of olive toned skin as him, with curly turquoise hair that was partially pulled back. Her eyes were pale pink. She was wearing a crème colored dress with blue green accents. The soft and light fabric cascaded down her figure and there were green and blue cords wrapped around her waist. She reminded him of the statues found in the palace of his home. Eighteen year-old Koralia Raptis was having troubles of her own though. The five foot three Anahalian young lady couldn't take her eyes off the handsome young man before her, even though he was wearing a mask. Finally, she recovered her wits.

"It's quite all right sir. I wasn't paying attention to where I was going." She replied.

It was true; Koralia was getting hot and becoming lightheaded by all the crowds, and sought to seek sanctuary outside.

"Are you alright miss? You look a little pale." Cyrus asked her.

"Oh I will be fine. I am not use to large crowds and it's getting warm in here."

"Perhaps you would like to go outside, or get something to drink then?"

"Mm, a drink of water would do nicely."

"May I escort you to the buffet then? I hear the Ajna water they serve is the best." Cyrus asked, offering his arm to her.

"Thank you. That would be nice." Koralia blushed before taking his arm.

Another person was taking a drinking break also. Twenty-three year-old Mariko Yamaguchi was sipping some hot tea while sitting on a pillow next to one of her friends, Reika Nagasu. The two ladies were part of a dancing group from Vinsumi and danced throughout the festival. Tonight though they were merely guests of the royal family of Vinsumi and since Mariko and Reika were the team captains, they were allowed to sit with the royal family.

"I cannot believe how fast the festival was. Waiting for it to happen seemed like forever and then it went by in a blink." Sighed Reika.

Mariko smiled at her friend, who had pale skin and dark blue hair. Like most who lived in Vinsumi, she had slanted eyes. Mariko also had slanted eyes, but her skin had a bit more color to it. This was due to the fact that her maternal grandmother was from Sasuren. She stood tall compared to other Vinsumi women at five foot eight. Mariko had black hair that was pulled up in a Vinsumi fashion and it shaped her face. She also had high cheekbones and royal blue eyes. Being a dancer, she had natural grace about her. Her dress was of typical Vinsumi fashion. It had a thick belt that covered most of her midsection and her dress looked more like a robe, but it had slits in it so Mariko could walk easily. The gown also had long sleeves that came down to the floor and she was wearing sandals. The colors she wore were pale blue and royal blue.

"It has been fun hasn't it? I will admit though, I am looking forward to going home." Mariko replied.

"Same here. Oh, look Mariko, there's Prince Jiang. My but doesn't he look handsome!" sighed Reika.

Mariko looked up and saw the oldest prince of Vinsumi. Mariko had met Prince Jiang Liao on different occasions, so even with a mask on, the Vinsumi lady recognized him immediately. Dressed in different shades of blue with black accent, Jiang was the epitome of Vinsumi men. His long black hair was pulled back and he was tall at six foot two. Mariko couldn't see them from here, but she knew the prince had dark brown eyes. His pale skin had some olive undertones due to his mother being of Anahalian royalty. In fact, she was the older sister of the current king there, so that made the children of both royal families first cousins. The prince was currently twenty-six and was ready to take the throne, but he first must find a bride. Mariko wondered if he was pressured to find potentials this night. It wouldn't be surprising, seeing how he danced all the dances so far with different ladies from every kingdom. She felt bad for the man and hoped he would find someone capable of becoming the future queen of Vinsumi. Next to the kingdom of Puran, the kingdom of Vinsumi was the largest of the seven kingdoms.

Soon, the dance ended and Jiang returned to his spot next to his father. He didn't want to admit it, but he was really tired and wanted to take a break from dancing. However he'd never utter a word of complaint to his father, especially since the older man asked that he dance with as many as he could to find a potential wife. Two of his younger siblings were engaged and the pressure was starting to build. Vinsumi was a kingdom that respected its traditions and it was tradition that the eldest had to marry first before any other. Jiang was determined to find several potential bride candidates tonight, but yet had to meet someone that moved him. His mother said he would know it when he met her. Being the practical man that he was though, he wasn't so sure. He was jarred out of his thoughts though when one of his four younger sisters sat down in front of him. She looked more like their mother; however, her eyes were slanted and her hair was black.

"Are you enjoying yourself Jiang?" she asked with a smile.

"Yes, Mao. I am taking a small break right now." Jiang told the twenty year old.

Honesty and good communication was considered vital in their kingdom so Jiang never lied. At the same time though, he rarely told everything he was thinking. Mao was different though because she had this skill for knowing if someone was hiding something. Smiling at her oldest brother, Mao considered his words and knew he was telling her more than what he told most. She knew him to be a private person and respected him for that. Looking around, she spotted two of her father's guests, Reika and Mariko, stand up and head for the buffet. She really liked Mariko and did notice how the lady watched her brother throughout the night and during the festival. She noticed though that Mariko tried not to look obvious about it. An idea formed into her mind and she almost grinned, but refrained from doing so.

"Have you had anything to eat yet?" she asked Jiang.

"No not yet."

"Why don't you get something than? If you're to keep on courting, you need to keep your strength up."

Jiang looked at his sister and nodded.

"Yes, you're right. Excuse me." He said before standing up.

After he left the table, Mao smiled in satisfaction.

King Tsung, noticing the look, turned to his eldest daughter and said, "You're up to something daughter."

"Indeed I am father." Mao admitted.

The king chuckled and he watched his son head for the buffet.

"Come now Karl, I really had hoped you would have danced with one girl by now." the elderly King Eoric Ostberg of Ajna commented to his grandson, Prince Karl.

The twenty-three year-old white hair prince sighed. Karl was the only child of his parents and with them both dead and his grandfather getting old in years, he was getting pressured to get married and produce an heir. His own father died before he was born during a disease outbreak and his mother died giving birth to him. His grandfather was one of few family members he had and the two were often at odds with each other. This was mostly due to the fact that King Eoric was old school and jovial, whereas Karl was progressive and silent. In fact, Karl only spoke when either ordered to or when he had something to say.

"Sir, I've yet to see anyone of interest, so why waste time?" Karl said honestly, looking directly at his grandfather with grey blue eyes.

One common trait that all Ajna folk shared was their skin tone. All were pale with silver undertones. Living in the harsh and cold mountain kingdom, the people developed thick skins and backbones. The king and prince were no exceptions.

"Karl, how can you know a person without at least talking to her?" the king replied.

Karl remained silent. His grandfather had him there, he admitted to himself. However, the six foot four muscular prince relied on his perceptions and instincts a great deal. Truth and the sixth sense were part of the core that made up the beliefs of his people. At the moment, Karl looked around and sensed he'd yet to find someone worthy of his time. He hoped that he would become interested in someone from his own kingdom. Unlike most royal households, the Ajna royal household was not into marrying their offspring off to other royals. They preferred those closer to their belief systems and so most Ajna residents married those within the kingdom.

"I don't know about this Britta, why must you insist I meet King Eoric and his grandson Karl? I want to check on my brothers." Complained a five foot seven Ajna young woman with silver hair and midnight blue eyes to her friend, who was a relative of the ruler and his grandson.

Her white hair and pale blue eye friend sighed.

"Honestly, Vera. I keep assuring you that your brothers are fine and fast asleep with my old nanny. Besides, how many opportunities will you get to meet my Great Uncle Eoric and cousin, Karl?" Britta asked her nineteen year-old friend.

Britta Haltz's mother was the king's niece, but lived a good distance from the royal capital of Icenon. Vera and Britta had been friends for years despite them being of different social statuses.

"Okay, I'll meet them, but only so you will stop bugging me." Vera commented, trying to sound stern.

However, she couldn't keep the teasing glint out of her eye and Britta saw that and smiled. Vera was a very statuesque person with toned muscles. Her dress was very modest compared to most of the other fashionable gowns here, but Vera was not one to flaunt and was actually pretty insecure when it came to her image. Britta was one of few people to know this side of her and found it endearing. Vera was wearing traditional Ajna colors too, light blue and midnight blue colors. Unbeknownst to Vera, a good number of men had looked her way. And she had just caught the attention of Karl.

"Look Karl, your cousin Britta is coming over here with someone." King Eoric replied.

Karl didn't want to admit that he was already looking. He was very curious who this woman was and already began to sense her uneasiness. Both he and his grandpa stood as Britta arrived with a now tense Vera. However, as nervous as Vera was, she still managed to curtsey when Britta did.

"Uncle Eoric, you are looking well." Britta said.

"Thank you dear child. Who do you have with you?"

"This is my close friend Vera Dahl. We went to the same school together."

"Aw yes, I remember you mentioning her in your letters."

Karl had heard of Vera Dahl too. Even though he didn't have many relatives, he made a point to keep in contact with them all. Britta was one of his favorite cousins and he kept in contact with her the most. Her friend Vera was mentioned many times in these letters. A year ago though, Britta almost lost Vera when one of the worst blizzards hit their town. Vera and her three younger brothers survived, but they lost their parents and older brothers. Apparently, Vera refused any outside help and was now running their smith shop while raising her brothers all on her own. That was something to be admired about. Looking at the young woman now, he could see why. Vera appeared very poised and stubborn, even though he could sense her nerves. He couldn't blame her either. Royalty tend to have that kind of effect on others. Karl's thoughts were interrupted when Vera spoke.

"It's an honor to meet you, your Majesty." Vera said with a strong voice.

She was having a hard time keeping herself calm though. Having never seen or met any other royals besides Britta's family, Vera found herself feeling nervous. It didn't help that Prince Karl towered over her. She tried telling herself that she was tall for her gender, but that didn't help much.

"Would you two care to sit down?" Karl asked politely.

"Of course. It's been a long night and I could rest my feet." Britta replied.

Vera wanted to groan. She only hoped to meet the king and prince and leave. Seeing she didn't have much choice, she sat down as the other three sat down. She wasn't the only one wanting to escape though.

At that moment, a pale blonde hair young Sasuren lady wanted to leave the ball entirely. Twenty-one year-old Noirin Fitzpatrick stood near the entrance of the ball, wringing her hands nervously and standing next to her mother, Lady Ingrid. Her mother insisted that they come for she felt Noirin had to be there. Her mother was a famous tarot card reader and was originally from Ajna. Noirin's own father worked at the Royal Observatory of Sasuren. Noirin did not like certain parts of being a noble, and balls were one of them. Normally her parents didn't force her to go to many social events, but this was one of the few times she was forced to.

"Are you going to be all right Noirin?" Lady Ingrid asked her violet-eyed daughter.

"I don't know mother. I'd rather be reading a book right now in my room." Noirin said honestly.

She respected her mother greatly and was always honest to her. Lady Ingrid sighed and wished she could help her daughter with her nerves. However, she was convinced that something was going to happen tonight and knew her daughter had to be here. The noblewoman wished she knew for certain what was going to happen. The other night she did one of her few meditative readings that regarded future events and the cards predicted something. Now, did that mean this event was set in stone? No, the cards only revealed what might be, but Lady Ingrid's instincts were on high alert and she felt something was going to happen.

"It'll be all right dear. Why don't you try meeting new people? It might help your nerves." She suggested.

Noirin shrugged. Fidgeting with her fingers, she looked at everyone in the room before seeing a familiar figure.

"Mother, is that the wizard Andun?" she asked.

Ingrid looked in the direction her daughter was looking and nodded.

"Yes that is him. Would you like to meet him? He's a very nice man."

"I don't know. He's talking to Queen Maureen and Princess Maeve. I hate to interrupt their conversation."

Queen Maureen Connolly was the queen of Sasuren and Noirin had met her once, but her mother had met the royal family numerous times. She had yet to meet Princess Maeve, who was the heir to the kingdom. The only reason she knew that the tall redhead was the princess was because she seen pictures of her in the Royal newsletter that came out monthly. The most recent image of her was of her royal wedding to Duke of Ellington's son, Lord Patrick. Noirin would have gone to the wedding, but on that day she was very ill. So ill that even her mother stayed home to make sure she got better.

"Now honey, I doubt they're talking about anything serious. This is a ball after all, and anything important would have been discussed in a more appropriate place. Besides, you'll like Princess Maeve." Lady Ingrid said before walking towards the group.

Knowing her mother expected her to follow, Noirin stayed close to her as they made their way through crowds of people. She dreaded every step she took though and by the time they reached their destination, she was hiding behind her mother.

"Good evening your Majesty." Lady Ingrid greeted the Queen when she and Princess Maeve and Andun turned towards her.

"Good evening. Lady Fitzpatrick, I presume?" Red headed Queen Maureen guessed.

"Yes your Majesty. I was hoping to introduce my daughter to your daughter and the great Andun."

"Aw, I see. And where is your daughter?"

"She's right behind me. Noirin, dear, it's all right. Come on out and say hello."

Noirin reluctantly came out of hiding and dipped into a perfect curtsey.

"Good evening." She said shyly before standing back up.

"Why Noirin, I hardly recognize you. You look lovely. I am happy to see you are feeling better. I remember your father being very worried about you when you were ill." Queen Maureen commented.

"Thank you your Majesty." Noirin replied sincerely.

"Mother, are you going to introduce us?" Princess Maeve asked the Queen.

"Oh silly me. Maeve, Andun, this is Lady Noirin Fitzpatrick. She's the third child of Lord Connor Fitzpatrick, who works in our Royal Observatory." Queen Maureen explained.

"Aw, I see. Noirin, I've heard you enjoy reading." Princess Maeve enquired.

"Yes your highness."

"Wonderful. My brother Faolan loves to read also. In fact, let me go get him since I see him now. Excuse me." Maeve replied before leaving the group.

Prince Faolan Connolly stood in the shadows, as was his habit at big social events like this. Like several of the other princes, the twenty-five year-old did not like balls. His black and grey attire helped him blend into the shadows. Unfortunately, he had pale skin, which was what gave his hiding place away. Princess Maeve approached her younger brother and frowned.

"So here you are. I want you to meet someone and you need to stop being a hermit." The smoky eye princess stated.

Her eyes and pale skin were the only features she shared with her brother. He was a younger version of their father though with his six feet lean and toned build with long navy blue hair, half of it pulled back. Faolan frowned back at his sister.

"I don't see any reason for it Maeve. I doubt I'll see this person again and I really don't feel like socializing." He replied.

"Oh pish-posh! It's not going to kill you to meet one person. Now I am going to stand here and keep bothering you until you do as I say."

The prince gave in because he knew his sister meant every word.

"Fine! Have it your way." Snapped Faolan before coming out of the shadows and offering his sister his arm.

Smiling sweetly, Maeve took it. Her brother might be a pain, but he showed his manners. The royal siblings moved back to the group and Faolan immediately recognized the wizard Andun and Lady Fitzpatrick. It was the young woman next to the noblewoman that he didn't recognize, even though she resembled Lady Fitzpatrick. The two had the same hourglass figure and pale blonde hair, only Lady Fitzpatrick was the taller at five foot seven, and the other one was five foot four. The older lady was wearing silver and blue colors while the younger one was wearing violet and crème colors. Both wore A-line gowns of Sasuren fashion. Their poise screamed nobility as well as the cut and material of their gowns. The younger lady's head was down, so he could not see her eyes yet.

"Faolan, this is Lady Fitzpatrick's daughter, Noirin." Maeve introduced.

"Evening." Faolan said a bit tersely.

"Good evening your highness." Replied Noirin, still unable to raise her head.

When Noirin saw the royal siblings approach, she caught only a glimpse of the prince before finding herself blushing and lowering her head. Right now he sounded annoyed and wonder if she done anything wrong. She must have right?

"Faolan, where are your manners? I am sorry Lady Ingrid and Noirin. My son forgets himself sometimes." Queen Maureen said.

"Oh don't be so harsh on the lad, your majesty. I remember your husband acting like that before he met you." Chuckled Andun.
