 A/N: Okay with this part I do try to slow things down just a bit, but I'll admit that until the ball ends it'll be a little fast paced, especially in Part 5. So bear with me folks. Don't worry though it'll slow down considerably after that. If you must know, I am still working on Ch. 1 but it's almost done. Oh, for updates I also recommend looking at my main profile page. I am working on the last part of Ch. 6 of Dragons of Fraidel and I am almost done. I just got over a little hurdle too. Anyway, big thanks again to my editor Todger65. Please give me feedback, it helps me to keep going.

From here on out too, those who do leave feedback for this section (as long as it's not flame) will get acknowledge in the next section and can expect a note from me too. And guys, even though all main characters are 18 and over, don't expect any love scenes due to the nature of this story. It just wouldn't fit. Okay that's enough jabbering with me. Let's continue.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"I won't take no for an answer Inaya. It's not going to kill you to dance with me just once." Aamir told Inaya as he pulled her onto the dance floor.

Inaya didn't say anything as he pulled her into his arms and allowed him to dance with her. At least she wasn't blushing, but still had her frown on. In reality she was enjoying the dance for it was a way to be close without being inappropriate. Following Aamir's lead, the two were in sync with each other. Aamir smiled as Inaya begin to relax. He was mildly surprised on how well Inaya danced and was wondering what else she could do without his knowledge. Not one to be silent for long, Aamir tried talking to her again.

"Are you looking forward to this ball being over?" he asked.

"Yes I am." Inaya admitted.

"By the way, have you seen the fragments yet?"

"No, I haven't even seen the Jasper fragment."

This did not surprise Aamir. The fragment of Jasper was Mulada's most sacred treasure and was hidden in the Royal family vault. The only time it was brought out was the annual festival and when an heir became a ruler. The fragments in every kingdom symbolized royal succession. More than that though, the fragments helped maintain the balance of the world itself. They were part of the Stones of Incienda and seven sorceresses who founded the original seven kingdoms created these stones. The fragments held tremendous power. No one had seen the stones for centuries though. It was rumored that they were hidden throughout the planet. Currently all seven fragments were put on display; Andun's magic and handpicked royal guards protecting them. Each was displayed on a podium with a glass container covering them. They were located near the dance floor and people crowded around the railings to see them. The reason why they are displayed in public in the first place was to remind all of Incienda's inhabitants of the importance of worldly balance.

"How about we go see the Jasper fragment after the dance is over?" Aamir asked Inaya.

Inaya smiled before feeling a tingle going up her spine. She looked around before seeing another dancing pair, who happened to be Prince Faolan and Noirin. She recognized Prince Faolan immediately, but didn't recognize the girl at all. However, she got the strangest feeling that they met somewhere before. As if sensing her, the blonde turned to see Inaya and the two made eye contact. Noirin's eyes went wide seeing the bronze skin young lady and almost stepped on Faolan's foot.

"Are you all right Miss Noirin?" Faolan asked.

"Oh I'll be fine. I guess the spinning is getting to me." Noirin replied.

"Faolan! Are my eyes deceiving me or are you dancing?" Aamir asked as he saw the Sasuren prince.

Faolan groaned. Aamir was a nice guy, but a bit too loud for his liking.

"As you can see Aamir, I am dancing. Now mind your own business." He said sharply before pulling Noirin away from the pair.

"Well that was rude of him." Commented Inaya.

"Ha! You ought to be use to his remarks by now Inaya. Besides, I enjoy getting under his skin." Aamir laughed.

Inaya shook her head as they continued to dance.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the meantime, Belinha had finished her meal and was standing near the dance floor, hoping someone would ask her to dance. Unfortunately, that was hard to do with two of her brothers, Marco and Pedro, standing next to her and playing chaperone.

"Brothers, I am not a child anymore. I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself." She said, frowning at them both.

"We trust you Belinha." Marco stated.

"It's these strange men that we don't trust." Added Pedro.

The two were twins and a couple years older than Belinha. The Histadelian young lady groaned. She loved her brothers very much, but they were too overprotective. Suddenly, she spotted Prince Eneas walking with someone else. That someone else was Prince Gavin and he was telling Eneas how he made a fool of himself.

"Eneas, it was so embarrassing. I wasn't acting very princely when I got up and left. What do you think I should do?" Gavin asked.

"Why not try finding her and apologizing?" suggested Eneas.

He felt bad for the Puran prince and wanted to help him anyway he could.

"What if she doesn't accept?"

"Than there's not much you can do then. From what you told me though, she sounds like a nice person."

"Yes she was nice. Well, I don't want to be a coward, so I guess I should find her. The question is where."

"Why not look where you last saw her?"

"Maybe, but for all I know she might have met another guy who swept her off her feet."

The thought brought about an uneasy feeling in Gavin's stomach. He was also trying to figure out why he was acting like an awkward teenager in the first place. He met plenty of young ladies who he got along with. In fact, he was the type of person who usually never let someone affect him in such a manner. Eneas watched Gavin's expressions and wondered what else was on his mind. Before he could ask though, the very lady Gavin encountered appeared. Skylar had been trying to find the young man who suddenly left her and wanted to know what his problem was. Seeing him finally, she made a beeline for him. When Gavin saw her, he felt a blush coming on his face. Suddenly he was grateful for the mask he was wearing. He was tempted to run, but refused to do so.

"There you are. You left so suddenly, I wondered if there was anything wrong. It's not very nice to introduce yourself and walk away." Skylar said as she came up with a hurt look on her face.

"I am sorry, Miss Skylar, but I honestly wasn't thinking clearly when I did that. I hope you can forgive me for my rash actions." Gavin said sincerely.

Skylar smiled and replied, "I suppose I can forgive you."

And she meant it too. The redhead was easy going for the most part. She saw Eneas as she looked away from Gavin.

"Good evening sir. Sorry if I interrupted your conversation." She replied.

"It's quite all right miss. Shall I leave you two alone now?" Eneas asked.

"Oh it's okay. I just wanted to see if Gavin was all right. I'll take my leave now." Skylar said as she turned to leave.

As she turned to leave though, she saw Belinha and when the two made eye contact, both young ladies started to feel light-headed.

"Sis, are you okay?" Pedro asked his sister as he saw her go pale.

For a second Belinha didn't answer as she was trying to keep herself from dropping to her knees. Eneas and Gavin watched as Skylar place a hand to her forehead and both were by her side instantly.

"Skylar are you okay?" Gavin asked, concern evident in his voice.

"I'll be fine. I made of sterner stuff." Skylar said.

She was still looking at Belinha and wondered what was wrong with her. Why did she feel a sense of familiarity towards the young lady? Eneas saw where she was looking and saw Belinha in a similar state as Skylar.

"Gavin, I'll be right back. Can you take care of Miss Skylar?" he asked the Puran prince.

"Yes sure." Gavin said.

He too saw the other young lady and his curious mind wondered what exactly was going on here. Eneas, seeing Skylar was in capable hands, went over to Belinha. Her two brothers saw him and recognized him immediately. Eneas saw the two men too and seeing how the young men resembled Belinha, he figured they were related.

"Is she okay gentlemen?" Eneas asked them.

"Yes your highness. I think the crowd is getting to her." Marco replied.

Finally Belinha recovered herself when she heard Marco address Eneas.

"I'll be fine. Thank you for your concern your highness. Also, forgive me for not recognizing you earlier."

"It's no problem miss. After all, this is a mask ball. Since it's nearing midnight, would it be proper to ask for your name?" Eneas asked.

"My name is Belinha Basurto. And these are my two older brothers, Marco and Pedro." Belinha smiled.

The twins bowed, but didn't smile. He might have been a prince but they were still eyeing him. Eneas couldn't blame them either. His oldest brother, Andre, was the exact same way when it came to his sisters.

"My name is Eneas Castro. I'll let you to your business Miss Belinha. It was a pleasure meeting you." He said.

"Oh wait! I am sorry, but I was wondering if I could ask you something. I was wondering where the fragments are and I haven't been able to find them yet. Do you know where they are? I've never seen the Carnelian fragment and I've always wanted to see it." Belinha asked, referring to Histadel's stone fragment.

"Yes I know where it is. Would you like me to show you where it is?"

"Oh would you? That'll be wonderful! Marco and Pedro, I'll be right back okay?" Belinha smiled, dismissing her brothers.

The two brothers sighed and decided to give their sister a break.

"Sure, but be back here when you're done." Pedro stated.

Belinha nodded and took Eneas's offered arm. The two headed back to Gavin and Skylar. The red head had recovered her wits by than but seeing Belinha again still gave her an unsettling feeling.

"Miss Belinha, this is Gavin and Skylar." Eneas introduced them.

He didn't bother telling the two young women Gavin was a prince for he figured Gavin would reveal his royal identity in his own time. In truth, he couldn't blame the prince for telling no one his identity for he was the kind of person that wanted someone to like him for himself rather than his title. Eneas felt the same way.

"Good evening. I saw that you weren't feeling well over there. Are you all right?" Gavin asked Belinha.

"Yes I am. Prince Eneas is going to show me where the fragments are. Would you two care to join us?"

"Prince? You're a prince?" Skylar asked Eneas, a look of surprise on her face.

"Yes Miss Skylar. I am a prince of Histadel. My brother is the current king. I am sorry for not telling you." Eneas admitted.

"Oh it's no trouble! I was just surprised. I am from Puran and I have never met any of the royals there. I've seen images of the rulers and three of their four offspring. And to answer your original question, I'd love to see the fragments, especially the Citrine fragment." Replied Skylar.

Gavin was quiet this whole time and was asking himself if he should reveal his royal identity to Skylar or not. Before he could make up his mind, he was being pulled along by Skylar, who was following Belinha and Eneas towards the area where the fragments were.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

During this time, Koralia was still trying to decide what to drink.

"There are so many choices. I thought I wanted to try that Ajna water, but seeing all these other types has me confused." Koralia commented to Cyrus.

"Do you have any food allergies?" Cyrus asked.

"Uh, no, why do you ask?"

"Well, if you were allergic to anything that would narrow down the selection."

"Aw I see. Well since I don't have any food allergies, I can pick whatever I want. Well, I hate anything alcoholic and with acid."

"There you go. That helps. I would still suggest Ajna water though. Next to Anahalian water, it's my favorite drink." Cyrus said.

While they were walking, he told her he was from Anahaly and she said she was from there too. They had yet to tell each other their names yet though.

"Okay I will try that." Koralia smiled and went to get some.

As they approached the Ajna section of the buffet though, Cyrus heard his name being called out and groaned. It was his older brother, Tidus.

"There you are little brother! Father wanted me to find you to see where you've been." 

Tidus appeared and slapped Cyrus on the back, which caused Cyrus's mask to come off. 

He had wavy brown hair and was taller than Cyrus 6'1". He had the same eyes and skin tone as Cyrus though.

"Tidus, you have the worst timing." Scolded Cyrus, as he checked to see a shocked expression on Koralia's face.

"Miss . . ."

"You're . . . you're Prince Cyrus aren't you?"

She couldn't believe it and before Cyrus could reply, she rushed off without having grabbed a cup of Ajna water. Cyrus glared at Tidus.

"This is your fault!" he accused him before storming off. 

Tidus sighed and couldn't help but feel bad for his younger brother. Koralia ended up rushing past a few people before going behind a column and gasping for air. She couldn't believe she met the princes of Anahaly. When Cyrus's mask fell off, she recognized him instantly, having seen his image before. She had been so shocked that she wasn't thinking right and fled because she was so scared of acting like an idiot. Well that running away act certainly was a foolish act.

"What must he think of me?" she asked herself.

"Excuse me, but are you all right?" a feminine voice asked.

Koralia looked up to see a pair of royal blue eyes and held her breath. The same person felt something too and couldn't remember her question. That other person was Mariko. She had been talking to Reika when Prince Jiang showed up at the buffet and all three of them notice the incident with the turquoise hair young lady and the Princes of Anahaly. The three agreed to split up to find the girl. Mariko saw her and felt something in the pit of her stomach. When the two made eye contact though, both felt the same feeling as some of the other girls that evening. Mariko recovered quickly though.

"Do you need anything miss?" she asked the other young lady.

By this time, Koralia recovered her senses. What was wrong with her this evening?

"Oh no, I don't need anything. Thank you Miss. uh . . ."

"Mariko, my name is Mariko Yamaguchi." Mariko smiled.

"Koralia Raptis. You must be from Vinsumi." Koralia guessed.

"Correct. I hope you don't find this rude of me, but my company and I saw what happened at the buffet table. We wanted to see if you were all right. I hope Prince Cyrus wasn't rude to you. He can have a chip on his shoulder." Mariko commented.

"Oh, no. I had just found out he was the prince and felt I had made a mistake. He was very nice actually. I was the one who was rude." Koralia said, looking down with a miserable look on her face.

"It's all right dear. I remember when I met the royal family of Vinsumi the first time. I couldn't say a word and was very embarrassed. Over time though I did get over my shyness with them and opened up."

"It sounds like you know the Anahaly royal family too."

"Only a little. The Queen of Vinsumi is the sister of the King of Anahaly so the offspring have known each other for years. My own family works for the Vinsumi Royal family, so I have met the Anahaly royal family a few times."

"Do you work for the Vinsumi royal family?" asked Koralia, who was becoming in awe of this Vinsumi lady.

"Sadly I don't. I am a dancer and live outside the palace."

"You're a dancer? That's wonderful. I merely help with my family's craft business."

"Aw, I see. Well, you help your family out, so that's admirable."

"Thank you."

"Mariko!" someone shouted.

It was Reika.

"I am over here Reika." Mariko called out.

Koralia looked and saw two people coming towards them.

"I see you found her Mariko. Are you all right miss?" asked the man, who was Prince Jiang.

"Yes, thank you. I was just acting rashly without thinking." Koralia commented.

"Did you want to find Prince Cyrus?" asked Mariko.

"I don't know. He probably doesn't want to talk to me now."

"I can always find him and ask. He's my first cousin." Jiang offered.

Hearing this, Koralia was nonplussed for a few seconds. This man must have been one of the princes of Vinsumi. Which one was the question.

"Oh you don't have to do that. Let me think about it first." Koralia replied.

The three Vinsumi folk looked at her and felt bad for her. Wanting to cheer the young lady up though, Reika came up with an idea.

"I have an idea! Let's go see the fragments. I've always wanted to see them, especially Vinsumi's Aquamarine." Suggested Reika.

"That sounds like a good idea. I've always wondered what the Jade fragment looked like." Koralia commented, referring to her kingdom's stone fragment.

"Shall we go then ladies?" Jiang offered.

The three young ladies nodded and the group left. Jiang and Reika introduce themselves to Koralia and the more she talked with them, the better she felt.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Meanwhile, Vera was trying to find a way to get away from the group she was with. She kept her polite demeanor up, but for the most part was silent. Karl was in the same state but was forced to converse with Britta and King Eoric. Seeing that Vera was as uncomfortable as he was, he decided to do something about it.

"Miss Vera, would you like to take a stroll?" he asked her suddenly.

This caused his cousin and grandfather to stop their conversation and look at Karl, one in surprise and one in amusement. It took Vera by surprise too, but unlike Britta and the king, she didn't show any physical reaction.

"Thank you your highness." She replied, getting up before he got up.

Karl wanted to grin but refrained from doing so. He thought Vera was very good at hiding her true feelings, but her actions proved he was right about her not liking social conversations. Rising up himself, he went to join Vera, who was already walking off. The two walked the room without talking, each enjoying some semblance of privacy. Vera honestly didn't know what to say or if she should say anything at all. One thing was for certain; Prince Karl wasn't a conversationalist like her, at least out in public. Vera was social with her brothers and those of her town, but other than that, she was as silent as a mouse. Suddenly she felt her instincts going off and turned to her left sharply to see a couple stop dancing as the waltz came to an end. The young blonde hair woman it seemed was the cause of her instincts going off. Feeling uneasy suddenly, Vera stopped and stiffened her spine to get ahold of herself. Karl noticed her demeanor.

"Is everything all right Miss Vera?" he asked.

"I don't know. I feel off. You wouldn't happen to recognize that man or woman over there would you?"

Karl looked and recognized the man.

"That's Prince Faolan of Sasuren. I don't recognize the woman, but judging by her clothing, I'd say she's from Sasuren also." He stated.

He was slightly surprised seeing Faolan conversing with a young lady too. The prince was similar to Karl in the sense that they weren't very social, as far as Karl perceived. Vera kept on staring at the blonde, who was Noirin, when she suddenly turned and looked at her. The silver hair young woman stiffened her spine even more and also locked in her knees. Now Karl was concerned and tried to think of a way of distracting her.

"Would you like to see the Sapphire fragment?" he asked without thinking.

This caused Vera to look at him again and nodded before calming down. Karl nodded and offered his arm to her. This act caused Vera to grin and placing her arm through his, the two walked off.
