 Ms. Mitzi Forsyth
Glamdrang Hall
Lindsey College

From the office of the Provost:

Dear Ms. Forsyth,

The Provost desires a meeting with you Thursday, October 21th at 9:45 a.m.  Please arrive at her office promptly.

Samantha Hecate, 
Administrative Asst.
Pp: Dorothy Estevez



Mitzi sat in the anteroom to the Provost's office twisting a handkerchief nervously.  She kept going over the first month of her college career trying desperately to remember what she could have done wrong.  What could have gone badly enough to get her in sufficient trouble to require the attention of the Provost?  She couldn't think of a thing.  Her grades were acceptable for an entering freshman; her wantonness had been restricted to Friday and Saturday nights leaving Sunday for recovery, and all her homework assignments had been turned in on time—though sometimes by the skin of her teeth.  Why then would the colleges CEO call for her out of the blue?  She had no idea but feared the worst.

At last, the heavy, polished walnut door opened and the Provost appeared.  Dr. Estevez-Eisenhelm's long dark hair was streaked with grey at the temples and there were smile-lines at the corners of her eyes but her skin was remarkable smooth for a woman in her fifties and her figure still turned heads whenever she went out in public.  She beamed at Mitzi, "Do come in, Ms. Forsyth, and have a seat on the sofa."

The Provost's office was opulent to the point of decadence.  If a nineteenth century bordello had been raised to the level of a five star French restaurant, it would look like this room.  Mitzi was surprised to be seated on a plush sofa instead of in a chair at the enormous, green leather-topped desk and even more surprised when the Provost seated herself right beside her.  She reached out and took the young woman's hands.

"Word has come to me that a month ago you were converted to nymph-hood rather against your will?"

"Uh—well, yes, but I'm okay with that now.  I—I don't want to get anyone in trouble."

Dorothy laughed naughtily.  "My dear, given how many reluctant young people I've transformed, I would hardly be inclined to cause your transformers 'trouble'.  I have never heard of anyone who wanted to be changed back, once they discover the delights of mythic life.  No, if you choose to tell me who they were, I will simply send each of them a little note of congratulation, but it isn't necessary that you do.  I simply want to see if there are any questions you have about your new condition."

Mitzi's jaw dropped.  The Provost had induced metamorphosis on reluctant students?  She had abducted and seduced young men and, (by implication,) young women?  Perhaps forcibly?  The idea was incredible but the gleam in the older woman's eyes left no doubt.  Dorothy Estevez-Eisenhelm was a sexual predator of a sort that made the pre-mythic Mitzi Forsyth seem a rank amateur.

"Uh—well, Dr. Estevez I always preferred to be in control?  I used to go to bars to pick up men, not get picked up?  But the way I understand it now I'll just placidly comply with any guy who wants me?  And that's—that's so unsatisfying!"

"Ah!  Poor little nymph, you have misunderstood.  If a man wants you and you have nothing pressing you need to do, you will contentedly acquiesce to his lusts.  However, if you are busy, you simply tell him so and he will go away.  Not that he won't try again later—it becomes quite a fun game for a persistent satyr in pursuit of a teasing nymph but unless you're free, you get left alone.

"On the other hand, if you happen to swing by a likely bar and see some young chap who looks like he would be great fun between the sheets, all you need to do is sit down close to him and when he isn't looking your way, puff a shot of pheromones in his direction and in about two or three minutes he will be yours to play with."

"Really?  He will?"

"Mm-hmm.  He will happily do anything you want and let you do anything you want.  I've pegged Senators and Congressmen, had governors and legislators spend hours eating me, and used a riding crop on the Brazilian Chief of Mission—among others.  It's great fun.  You want to be a dominatrix, you can.  You want to be seduced and ravished, you can.  There is nothing about being a nymph that forces you to surrender control over your sex life.  It simply enhances and expands it.  Now, undress."

"What?"

"I said undress.  I am a connoisseur of the human form, Ms Forsyth, both male and female.  I want to see how you've developed, now that your metamorphosis is complete.  Take it off.  Take it all off."

Surprised but obedient, Mitzi stood up and stepped out onto the center of the carpet.  She pulled a nearby chair close and stripped off her sweater, the tee shirt underneath, and the bra she bulged out of just a bit.  Leaning on the chair, she undid her boot laces and kicked off her Doc Maarten's, pulled off her socks and shimmied out of her Levi's and thong.  In each case she hung her clothing on the chair and once she was completely naked tried to cover herself with her hands.

"Ah-ah!  No, you don't young lady.  Shyness does not become a nymph.  Your body is your main weapon against the world, now, and you need to learn to make use of it.  Come here."

Mitzi took a couple of hesitant steps forward as the Provost rose to her feet.   The older woman reached out and softly ran her fingers around the girl's nipples.  It was like touching a light switch.  Electricity shot from the stiffening nubs straight down Mitzi's body and set off tingles in her sex.  

"I'm sure these were quite nice before, my dear, but now they are wonderful.  Look how big and yet how firm they are.  But," she took each breast in a hand and squeezed, "they still have the lovely texture of the natural boob.  I'm sure the cosmetic surgeons are most put out."  She leaned forward and blew gently into Mitzi's face, a cloud of cinnamon, nutmeg, apple and something unidentified.  "Have you ever done a woman, Ms. Forsyth?"

"N—no, but I guess if you want . . . ."

"Some other time, Ms. Forsyth, however . . . ," she walked to her desk and pushed the intercom button, "Samantha, please come in here—and bring your harness."

Ms. Hecate slipped inside the big doors, a velvet bag in her hand, turned and locked it behind her.  She smiled in anticipation at Mitzi and shucked her tailored suit, opened the bag and took out a black leather harness and a big, thick, black silicone dildo.  As she buckled it on, licking her lips at the naked freshman, she asked, "Is this to be a performance or will you be participating, Provost?"

"Just a performance, Samantha.  Give the girl a good pounding while I watch.  I'm especially interested in her facial expressions and how her body responds.  Ms. Forsyth, if you will be so good as to bend over that chair?"

Amazed at her own willingness, Mitzi turned and put her forearms on the chair back and leaned her forehead on them.  She spread her feet and arched her back.  She could feel the juices running and was surprised that they seemed to be seeping from her anus as well as her sex.  The Provost ran fingers up and down Mitzi's rapidly swelling labia and then in circles around her brown eye.

"Excellent, Ms. Forsyth.  You are already aroused fore and aft.  It shows me that you are now a fully developed nymph, responsive and placidly compliant, as you should be.  Samantha, you have about ten or twelve minute before Ms. Forsyth has to leave for class so fuck and bugger her well.  I'll tell you when to stop."

Mitzi felt the bulbous end of the dildo press against her pussy and then, with a sudden thrust, it was inside.  She moaned.  Only ten or twelve minutes?  Maybe she could come back after classes . . . ."

*****

Lee-Ann, Maria, Tanya and May lay slouched and sprawled, around various parts of Mitzi's dorm room, listening in wonder as she recounted the morning's lechery.  When she was finished, Lee-Ann finally shut her gawping mouth and said, "Let me get this straight.  The Provost, the most important individual on campus, the one with the big office and multiple doctorates, the one everyone in town reveres, called you in, made you strip down and watched while her A.A. fucked you with a strap-on?  And said she thought we should be congratulated for transforming you, even though you didn't want to be?"

"Uh-huh."

Tanya butted in, "And how do you feel about that?"

"Was—it was fun.  The only thing wrong was she stopped so I could get to my next class.  I—I asked if I could come back some time."

"And what did she say about that?" May really wanted to know.

"She laughed.  Then she said it would probably be better if I came over to her house some evening, and brought my friends."

"What, all of us?   The guys, too?"  Maria was incredulous.

"I don't know.  I guess.  I mean, she's been married for twenty years and has four kids so she must like guys as much as she likes chicks.  I suppose I could ask." 

The room fell silent in thought.  The girls looked at one another quizzically and then broke into grins.  The others turned to Mitzi, "Good idea.  Do that.  It has a certain—allure." 

*****

Friday night.  Mitzi pulled knee-high black boots over skin tight black jeans.  She started to put on her bra but thought better of it and pulled down a cowl-neck black sweater over her bare skin.  She stood in front of her mirror and shimmied.  Cashmere brushing her bobbing breasts was exciting and made her nipples stand up through the knit.  Oh, yeah!  Putting a black beret on top of her auburn page-boy and wraparound dark glasses over her eyes she made one last check in the mirror.  "He will happily do anything you want and let you do anything you want," the Provost has said.  It was time to give that little idea a test drive and she knew just the place to run it.

The Granite Falls Geekery was a cyber café halfway between the campus and the part of town that had become gentrified, clubby and full of young singles in search of one other.  It was unlikely that anyone frequenting the Geekery on Friday night even knew that the Shimmering Mink existed.  

In today's world most mythics weren't made anymore.  They inherited the Trematoda flukes from their mothers at birth and just matured into nymphs and satyrs so a certain number of them were only potentially lusty and lubricious.  And of course, there were those members of the new minority, the 'normals'.  Mitzi stood in the doorway of the café' and paused for effect.  As she expected, no one even looked up from the keyboards.

She accepted an espresso from the barista and began to prowl around the room.  Mitzi carefully inspected the men's fingers.  Anyone who lacked hair on the second knuckle would almost certainly be a 'normal'.  But it seemed there were none tonight.  A young man with a neat Van Dyke and blond hair curling up over his button down collar caught her eye.  Moving unobtrusively, she maneuvered to where she could see his monitor.  Aha!  Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.  Perfect.

The redhead sat down at the next table and sipped coffee while the object of her attention feverishly worked the keys.  There was an obsessive light in the man's hazel eyes and small beads of sweat gleamed on his forehead.  Mitzi nodded to herself. He's in love with Lara.  Swashbuckling, mistressful, dominant—she's what he dreams about.  I'll bet that's the only game he plays and I'll bet he spends his whole weekend here playing.  I should be ashamed of myself.  This is going to be too easy.

Mitzi focused on the blond fellow's knuckle hair, the curve of his ass when he leaned forward over the keyboard, the cut of his beard and those wonderful, wonderful eyes.  She felt her own desire rise, the heat in her belly growing and spreading.  She licked her lips and imagined just what kinds of things she would do to him, what she would make him do to her.  When he turned from the game momentarily and picked up his coffee cup, now grown cold, Mitzi took a deep breath and blew in his direction.  She looked down at her watch.  Two to three minutes the Provost said . . .

Chester Brand grimaced as he drank the tepid brew, but as he returned to his game he looked up in surprise.  A strange, exotic aroma came out of nowhere surrounding him in a cloud of tantalizing sensuality.  He took a deep breath and closed his eyes to smile at the wonderful sensations the scent of cinnamon, nutmeg and apple brought.  When he opened them, he found himself starring into the piercing blue eyes of a young woman with an astonishing figure.  She raised one eyebrow and smiled back at him the way a cat smiles at a canary.  Mitzi fluidly rose and pulled her shoulders back, like a cobra rising and spreading its hood.  She stepped forward.

"Hello, my name is Dark.  You look lonely.  What's your name?"

"Ch—Chester?  Chester Brand?  Uh, I usually go by Chet?"

"Chester . . . ," Mitzi rolled the name around her tongue, tasting the sound of it.  "That's a solid, reliable name, Mr. Brand.  A man with a name like that might find girls wanting to follow him home, maybe stay a while."  She leaned her hip against his shoulder.  "Doesn't that sound like a good idea?"

Chet kept stammering, "I—I live about two blocks away.  M—my roommate's gone for the weekend."

Mitzi smiled wider.  "Ooo, only two blocks away.  That's close.  I like close."  She tilted her head questioningly and once more lifted the fatal eyebrow.

Chester did manage got get his laptop shut down and unplugged without damage.  He stuffed everything into his backpack while Mitzi slowly pulled a full messenger bag up off the floor and slung the strap over her shoulder.  She blew him an air kiss and stepped toward the door.

When Chester caught up with her on the sidewalk, Mitzi clung to his arm with both hands and pressed herself tight against his side.  She rubbed her face on his sleeve with her eyes closed and a happy smile on her face.  Glancing up, she saw that his eyes had grown wide in astonishment at the sudden turn his evening had taken.  She snickered internally.  Things were not going to go the way he probably imagined but she had no doubt he would remember tonight fondly.  First class sex tended to stick in the mind.

As they neared his apartment, Mitzi looked up again and asked, "You really like Tomb Raider, don't you?"

"It's my favorite game."

"We could play our own game.  You could be the captive archeologist and Lara could rescue you.  Of course, you would have to 'reward' her and show your gratitude in some appropriate way, yanno?"  She bumped her hip and ground it against his. "She'd probably be really happy about that."

Inside Chet's apartment, Mitzi ran her hands up under the man's shirts and tugged teasingly at the mat of hair beneath.  She pursed her mouth into a tiny smile and said, "Lara can't very well rescue you if you aren't tied up, Chester.  Let's get this off.  Then you can lie down on the bed and we can set up the game."

Much later, Chester shook his head at how gullible he'd been.  He'd let a girl he knew nothing about and who he had never seen before tie him to his bed and start stripping off his clothes.  It was pure good luck she wasn't a serial killer or something.  But that night, with his wrists tied together and to the headboard and one ankle tied to the footboard it seemed perfectly natural.  He watched eagerly as Mitzi slithered out of her clothes and tried to wrap his one free leg around her while she slowly rubbed her torso all over his.

"You know," she said looking at him speculatively, "I can't very well rescue you from torture and abuse when you haven't had any.  I think I'll abuse you just a little, maybe tease and frustrate you?  I think that would be fun."  And with that, she skootched down his body and ran her hands over his outsized cock and balls.

It was all she could do to hold both testes in one hand and getting her mouth around the helmet of his cock took effort.  She started with licking and stroking.  The response was quick and when he was fully erect and solid Mitzi wrapped her lips around it and began to suck while stroking up and down the shaft with both hands.  Now and again she would break off and suck on his scrotum, pulling one or the other ball in to her mouth and running her tongue all around it.  Chet groaned and grunted with pleasure.  If this was torture and abuse, who would want to be rescued?  After a long time Mitzi began to suck and bob her head, stroking in earnest.  Chet's body stiffened.  He arched his back.  Mitzi closed her teeth just a little and took him in as far as she could just as his salty eruption jetted down her throat.  Once, twice, three and then four times he came but, as satyrs will, he remained hard.

Mitzi licked her lips.  "Good one, my man, but I'll bet you've got a few more in there.  Now, however, it's your turn!"   She straddled his face and grabbing him by the hair pulled his mouth to her pussy.  "Put that tongue to work, mister, and suck hard!  Oh, yeah, like that.  I'll give you just two weeks to cut that out."

Several orgasms later, Mitzi crawled off her captive and got a face cloth from the bathroom and cleaned his sopping whiskers and kissed him thoroughly.

"Oh Chester, you make such a wonderful captive.  It's almost a shame I'm supposed to let you go—so I think I'll wait just a little more.  Now, that was one for you and one for me so it must be my turn again."

She swayed over to her bag and pulled out a black leather and chrome harness with a big, shiny ring over her pussy.  Chet started to worry.  She spent a few minutes fussing and adjusting until she was completely satisfied then reached back into the bag and pulled out a massive double-ended dildo.  Mitzi undid the ring, slid the shorter end of the silicone cock inside herself and pulled the ring over the long end and snapped it back in place.  She gave Chester an evil grin.

"Hey, you –you aren't going to stick that . . . ?"

"Of course I am."  She leaned over him, pulled up his leg and ran her fingers around his anus. "See how slippery and juicy you are?  Just like I get.  In fact, I get juicy in both holes.  And since you're gonna put your monster in one of mine, I'm putting my monster in yours.  I'll bet no chick has ever done you like this, has she?"

"N-no."

"You'll be surprised.  The first time a satyr got ready to bugger me I was terrified but it really felt good.  And now that I'm transformed, it feels even better.  And what this thing does you your prostate, you gotta feel to believe."  

She pulled his free leg up and stuck her shoulder underneath it, reached down and began to comfort and to caress his manhood.  He whimpered.  She dripped a little lubricant on her palms, grabbed his phallus with both hands and squeezed tight as she stroked him up and down.

"Like that?  Imagine that's my butt, Chester, all tight for you.  I might even squeal."  She pushed his knee up to his chest and slid forward, put the tip of her dildo against his ass and pushed.

"Ah-aa!"

"Relax, baby, relax, relax.  Deep breaths.  Better?"

"Uh-huh?"

"Good captive.  Now move with me."

Chester had never felt anything like it in his life.  Squeezed in front and plundered behind, any control he thought he had went out the window and in only a few minutes he came, again in great spurts, all over his chest and belly.

"Good one!"  Mitzi cleaned him up again and then, slowly and teasingly, she undid his bonds.  He struggled to set up and she plopped herself on his lap.  "There.  Lara's freed the poor captive and he gets to give her any kind of reward he wants, anywhere he wants to.  You've got two more shots to go, I think.  You want 'em both in one hole or one in each?"

He growled in reply.  "I want that hot ass of yours, Dark, and I'm gonna pound you like you did me!"
