 A/N: Oh boy! This next section might be a quick read for a few of ya'll due to all the stuff that happens. That's how it works with me at least. The more action pact a scene is the faster I write and read lol.

I want to thank the following people for their comments on my last part of this story-

3 anon comments (to the one who critique that last part, I do appreciate the advice and have taken the time to try and improve myself, can't promise to stop the repetition of certain words though, but I'll try to limit it), Taco1085 (appreciate the defense hun), Combat323, and Hellenahelmet.

Thanks for all the support and suggestions. Huge thanks to my editor Todger65. I know grammar isn't my strong point and it helps to have you around.

Also, please take the time to check out my profile, I have a very important update and want advice from my readers.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In that instant, the seven fragments began to unleash their power and the floor started to shake. People started falling over as the shaking increased. Andun almost fell down and looked at the fragments to see they were causing the shaking. Seeing a crack appear in the floor, the wizard knew it was an earthquake. Staggering up, he rushed towards the fragments. Taking down his own barrier shield, he managed to get into the middle of the seven pedestals and steady himself. Using his staff, he sent out his own magical energy to keep the palace stabilized. This act would keep the castle standing, but he wasn't sure how the city would fare.

The lone female on the roof managed to stay standing too when the earthquake hit. Even though it was dark, she could feel the panic rising down below and she could feel the land start to break apart. At this rate, the whole capital might collapse.

"I'll do what I can and hope it's enough," She said.

Connecting with the fragments, the woman unleashed her own magic, only she tried to keep the land area stable so it wouldn't break apart. Several buildings did start to crumble though. This part of Incienda wasn't used to earthquakes so the architecture was vulnerable to them. At least the land wouldn't crumble because if it did than there would be massive destruction. She hoped things would turn out all right.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When the earthquake started, it took all of Inaya's stamina to not get thrown off her feet. Unfortunately, she did fall to her knees. She looked over and saw her cousin on the ground screaming. She crawled over to her and covered her. Noirin was knocked off her feet but Vera instinctively grabbed her and held onto her as they fell backward, colliding into someone else.

"What's happening?!" cried Noirin.

"I don't know. Try not to move though." Vera said, trying to keep her cool.

"This isn't good." Added Inaya, who looking up at where Aamir was.

Aamir wasn't there, because when the earthquake started, he immediately sought out Inaya and saw her go down. He tried getting over to her, but the shaking got worse and he found himself on the ground too. In the back of his mind he was worried about the city and was confused on what was happening. Not wanting to appear weak though, he hauled himself onto his feet and looked around for Inaya again, finally finding her.

"Inaya!" shouted Aamir, getting the Muladi lady's attention.

"I am all right Aamir! Do you know what's happening?" Inaya shouted amongst the screams.

"No I don't," he said as he made it over to them.

"I hope my mother is okay," Said Noirin.

"I feel the same way. I am worried about my brothers," Added Vera.

That was an understatement. She was terrified to her core. She prayed every prayer she knew that they were all right. If anything happened to them, she didn't know what she would do.

Aamir looked back at his family and saw the royal guards protecting them as well as his father holding his mother. Eneas at the moment was holding two of his sisters. His oldest brother was protecting their mother and his other brother was protecting his youngest sister and brother. His eyes scanned for Belinha, but couldn't find her. He hoped she was all right. Belinha was all right for both of her brothers were protecting her and Skylar. The same couldn't be said for Gavin's family. Before Gavin could protect his twin sister, she fell down and twisted her knee in pain. Gavin himself was thrown and hit his shoulder on the wall before royal guards from their own kingdom reached them. Gavin could feel pain in the back of his shoulder and wondered how big the earthquake was. He knew earthquakes could be devastating, but nothing this bad had ever happened in his memory.

Cyrus was surprisingly calm after the earthquake started because he was used to being in stressful situations. Earthquakes were common in Anahaly unfortunately. Instead of staying with his own family, he immediately searched for Koralia. He only just met her, but the idea of anything bad happening to her did not sit well with him. As he searched for her though, the shaking seemed to be calming down. It was then he saw Andun and knew the wizard was trying to help for he could see the strain on the elderly man. As he looked for Koralia though, he heard a cry for help. Rushing towards the voice, he saw Mariko holding an unconscious Koralia with Reika nearby.

"What happened here?" Cyrus asked, trying to stay calm.

"She . . . was sent flying and hit her head. She won't wake up." Cried Mariko.

"She'll be all right. Let me check her." Cyrus said in a shaky voice.

Taking her in his arms, he touched her head and felt a bump on it. This alarmed him a great deal. However, his touching her injury made her conscious again as she groaned in pain. Opening her eyes, she saw Cyrus again. Before she could say anything though, the shaking stopped suddenly.

"What the hell . . ." commented Faolan as he stood up.

During the Earthquake, he had been ordered to stay put by his father and as much as he didn't want to, a royal command was never ignored. Both Karl and Jiang were just as confused, having stayed with their own families. As things settled down, Andun dropped to his knees, trying to breath and regain some of his strength.

Outside, the figure dropped completely and fainted dead away because all her strength was gone from protecting the land.

Back inside the palace, everyone was trying to make sense of what happened. King Kamir immediately dispatched soldiers to check out the palace and city for any damage before addressing the people there. He also called for any healers to check for injuries. Even Andun managed to regain himself and helped with those who were injured. The first person he saw to was Koralia. When he healed her, she woke up, much to the relief of Cyrus. Despite all the injuries, no one was seriously harmed. By the time everything had settled down a bit, King Kamir addressed everyone again.

"Everyone, I don't know what just happened as we have never had anything like this happened before, but rest assured I will find out." He said keeping his voice strong.

"I know what has happened your majesty." Andun replied as he walked towards the king.

He was very tired, which caused the guards to go over and help him get to the royals.

"Would it be too much to ask if I sit down? I am famished." Andun requested.

King Kamir allowed him sit down in one of the few chairs in the building, the king's throne. It took several minutes for the wizard to catch his breath.

"Thank you. Now to answer your question, I know exactly what happened and unfortunately the news will not be good. It appears that the balance of this planet has be disrupted."

"How do you know that?" asked King Kamir.

"The fragments. When the world becomes unbalanced, the fragments react to one another and exerted a large amount of magical energy to try and restore it. Unfortunately, since the fragments themselves aren't one with their hosts, they only make the situation worse by causing the earthquake. I connected with the fragments to try and keep the palace standing. Don't know about the rest of the city, but I can assure you the palace is fine."

King Kamir's face went pale and he ordered more soldiers to check out the city.

Turning back to the wizard he asked, "Is there anything we can do to bring back balance?"

Andun looked at the king and nodded, "Actually there is. Long ago a prophecy was foretold and I have it right here with me. I always carried it because I knew one day these events would happen."

The elderly man revealed a hidden scroll on his side that was attached to his belt in a protective case. Taking it out, the scroll was of average size as it was rolled out. Andun cleared his voice a bit before reading it aloud.

"'We 7 cast these stones into the unknown,

There will come a time when they will be sought though.

A hundred years times 7, a threat will rise,

That will result in Incienda's demise.

Hope will come from 7 more,

When they find the stones and bring balance to this world,

We leave for them parts of the stones,

They must be joined with their hosts.

The pieces will find the 7,

And the 7 each must bring one for protection.

Heed our words, for they are true,

Beware the one thing that can do and undo.

Have faith and you will see,

As we will, so mote it be.

Signed the Disciples of Incienda and the Creators of the Stones,

Astelle, Serena, Anya, Jael, Cistra, Calliope, and Jennah.'

So, there you have it. In order to bring back the balance, the fragments must be reunited with the original stones again. If we don't find them, then this world is doomed. It also states that only seven people can find them."

"But how do we find these seven people?" asked the king of Mulada.

"Well it says that the fragments will find them. Might I suggest that they be unleashed?" Andun suggested.

"But where will they go? They could go to anyone or anywhere." Replied the Queen of Puran.

"We'll just have to trust in the fragments Queen Heather. Hopefully the chosen seven are here in this room." Replied Andun.

"Very well than. I will release the Jasper fragment. Your Majesties, might I have your permissions to release the other fragments?" King Kamir asked the other royals.

The rest of them looked at each other and all nodded. It was obvious all were uneasy, but with the world at stake, they didn't have a choice. So some soldiers went into the other room and released the fragments from their glass containers. All at once the fragments flew into the other room and swirled around and around above the people. Suddenly they stopped and floated in midair before flying straight before seven young women, who were none other than Inaya, Belinha, Skylar, Koralia, Mariko, Vera, and Noirin.

When Inaya saw the Jasper fragment stop in front of her, she was mildly surprised. However, if she was chosen to help save this planet, then she would do everything she could, to do so. Taking a deep breath, she reached out and grabbed the fragment. She suddenly felt different as red energy spread through her entire body. Feeling overwhelmed, it took all of Inaya's will power not to collapse. She would not, could not faint again. It was embarrassing enough that she did it once. Taking a deep breath, she glanced and saw the sympathetic looks of Aamir and Inari. Aamir honestly wasn't too surprised that Inaya got the Jasper fragment, seeing how she was one of the strongest people he knew. At the same time though he wished it had gone to someone else. Not only were the men to take the leads in such physical matters, but as heir to the throne, Aamir was raised to lead and protect all of his future subjects. The idea of Inaya facing this kind of danger worried him greatly. He wanted to grab her and tell her not to do this. This kind of feeling was new to him too because he never felt so protective of Inaya before. It irritated him that he couldn't figure it out. Suddenly he wanted to leave the room, but knew he couldn't. He looked over at Vera and Noirin, both whom had taken the Sapphire and Amethyst fragments respectfully. 

Vera had immediately reached for the Sapphire piece because she simply 'knew' she had to do this. This fragment had been meant for her. When she grasped it, blue violet energy flowed into her and spread throughout her body. Instantly she felt this inner clarity like things made sense. Unlike Vera, Noirin didn't take ahold of the fragment in front of her. Many questions and words had circled in her mind.

"Why me?"

"I can't do this!"

"I don't even know where to start!"

"Why can't someone braver or stronger do this?!"

It was in that second that Noirin looked up and saw her mother. Lady Ingrid smiled sadly at her daughter and nodded. Noirin suddenly knew that this was her duty and this must have been why her mother wanted her to come to the ball. She was meant to do this. Sighing, Noirin hesitantly reached out and took hold of the Amethyst fragment. As with the other two, energy flowed into Noirin, only this time it was violet energy. Just like that, her nerves were gone for some reason; like her spirit was at ease. Noirin wondered how long this feeling would last though.

When the Carnelian and Citrine stopped in front of Belinha and Skylar, both girls looked at each other first before nodding. Belinha reached for her fragment but her brothers interrupted her.

"No Belinha! You can't do this!" Marco stated.

"It's too dangerous!" added Pedro.

Ignoring them, the Histadelian young lady grasped her fragment and orange energy flowed into her. It felt like new life came into her. Still, she was afraid and wondered how Skylar was holding up. Looking at the red head, she saw that the lady appeared to be calm. Skylar wasn't though. When she grasped the Citrine fragment yellow energy entered through her at a fast rate and she felt charged. It was like a windstorm swirling inside her and she thought she was going to go nuts. Suddenly she felt a hand on her shoulder and saw Belinha giving her a sympathetic smile. Nodding Skylar maintained her calm demeanor.

The situation was similar for both Koralia and Mariko. When both girls reached for the Jade and Aquamarine, green and blue energy entered them respectively. Both Reika and Cyrus looked at them apprehensively. Reika was scared she was going to lose her best friend, who was like a sister to her. Mariko was never one to seek danger or to go on adventures. Still the situation was bigger than all of them. Cyrus wished someone else had been chosen. Why Koralia? She looked to be the least qualified person to do such a task. If the Jade chose her though, there was nothing he could do about it. Wait, there was! In the prophecy it said each of the Chosen 7 could bring one for protection. 

And idea entered in his head and without thinking it through, Cyrus looked at his family and Andun and announced, "I will protect the Chosen of the Jade!"

This caused all eyes to rest on him and Koralia protested, "No, you're a prince! You're the 2nd in line to the throne! What if something happens to you?"

"I've already made up my mind Koralia. The prophecy says each must be protected and I am not going to stand by and do nothing as the world falls apart."

"Oh . . ." Koralia replied, sad for some reason.

So he was only do this for the world? Well that's how it should be right? Still, a part of her wished he were doing this because he wanted to protect her.

Prince Tidus smiled at his brother and nodded in support. King Diosius understood his son's need to protect the young lady and nodded to him also. Hearing his cousin's declaration, Jiang stood up and crossed over to his father.

"My lord, with your permission, I, Prince Jiang, wishes to protect the Chosen of the Aquamarine." He replied, honor bound to do his duty to protect not only his kingdom but also the world.

Queen Penelope gasped, fear showing all over her olive toned face as she looked at her eldest son. His other family members looked at him in fear too but understood. They watched to see what King Tsung would do. The King looked into his son's eyes. Even though Jiang was heir to the throne, the King knew that his son's need to protect all would lead him to do things that most heirs wouldn't even think of.

"Very well, you have my permission. I am proud to call you son."

Hearing this, Mariko gasped, showing some emotion for once. She was normally so calm, but the idea of Jiang taking such a risk shook her for some reason. Reika saw her friend's reaction and placed an arm around her.

"It'll be all right." She replied.

Mariko looked back and nodded, having no words. She looked at Koralia again, who looked to be out of it herself.

Aamir wanted to protect Inaya. He knew she wouldn't be too happy about it either, but he wasn't going to let that deter him.

"Father, I am going to guard Inaya, the Chosen of the Jasper, on her quest." He announced loud enough for his father to hear.

This did cause many people to gasp, since half of the crowd was Muladi citizens. 

King Kamir nodded, "So be it my son."

Inaya voiced her displeasure though.

"Are you nuts?! I can take care of myself, thank you very much!"

"I am not going to argue about this Inaya. Besides, the Prophecy said each must bring one protector. Am I right Lord Andun?"

Andun nodded.

"Indeed your highness."

Inaya growled and suddenly left the ballroom, too angry for words at the moment. Aamir would have followed her, but he knew better than to talk to Inaya when she was angry. Inari stayed put also. Like, Aamir, she knew her cousin well enough to know that in an angry state it was impossible to talk to her. She just hoped her cousin would be all right.

Andun felt sorry for the young lady but decided to stick to the matter at hand.

"Is there anyone else who want to volunteer to protect one of the other Chosen ladies?" he asked.

Karl's instincts went on red alert just than. It was if they were trying to tell him something. He looked in Vera's direction and instantly knew what he was supposed to do. His grandfather saw his expression and before Karl could say anything, the elderly King grabbed his shoulder.

"We'll send one of our other soldiers Karl."

"Sir, I didn't go through all that training and work just to sit by."

"No, you were trained to be a king. And there is no replacement."

Karl looked into King Eoric's eyes and saw something he never seen before: fear. For once his own eyes softened.

"I won't die grandfather. I am too stubborn to let anything happen to me. And my instincts are razor sharp and they're telling me to do this. Should I ignore the very thing that our kingdom's foundation is based upon?"

Eoric knew the answer.

"No my boy. Just promise me you'll be careful."

"I promise."

"He'll be fine Uncle Eoric. I know it." Britta said, adding her support.

The Ajna king nodded and gave his grandson his blessing.

Karl nodded back, turned to Andun, and replied, "Lord Andun. My family and I have agreed that I, Prince Karl, will protect the Chosen of the Sapphire."

This got Vera's attention and the stoic young lady looked a bit surprised. Soon she recovered and nodded. Noirin was still next to her and wondered who would be her protector. She knew that she couldn't fight or wasn't even strong. The only strength she had was her mind. Already different thoughts were entering her mind about the quest ahead. Where were the stones? How do they find them? She had done a lot of reading and had read about the stones themselves, even though there was limited information on them. She was so consumed with her thoughts that she forgot about everything else.

Indeed, near the Sasuren royal family, they were discussing who would protect Noirin.

"I wish we had more of our elite guard here. I know a few who'd be willing to protect Miss Noirin." Said Queen Maureen.
