 Thick, white froth gathered around the edges of Troy's thin, black lips and his chest heaved despite the docile pace. Slater eyed the horse's flank and took note of the sheen of sweat glistening on his sleek, black fur. No cause for concern there, but the wheezing sound Troy made every time he gasped in air through his flared nostrils could be a problem. With the reins loose in his hand, Slater gradually urged the horse to slow his gait from a nervous trot to a relaxed walk as they reached the main road to the village.

Halfway down the road, Troy paused, tossed his head, and glanced back at the woods. His ears twitched.

"Have a little faith, ol' boy." Slater patted Troy's withers and the muscles at the base of the horse's neck went stiff. With a sigh, Slater withdrew his hand and shook his head. "Surely you know I wouldn't have slowed if—"

Troy curled his lips and let out a wet snort. Apparently the dumb beast didn't trust him. They continued for a length with only the light clod of Troy's hooves and the trill of sparrows overhead to break the silence. Finally, Troy dropped his head and huffed out a heavy breath.

"There we go." Slater murmured. The light whistle in the horse's wind didn't sound quite so shrill. He glanced over the bowed neck of his weary horse and cringed when he took in the stiffness of Gabriella's movements. Hours in the saddle, at a pace fit to test warriors, had been too much for the girl. Her muscles would seize the second she stopped moving--if not sooner.

"Don't stare at me." Gabriella's tone was clipped, but her bottom lip quivered. She'd be weeping in a moment.

Unless he forced her to see reason. "I am not staring. I am considering whether or not you needed to be carried."

"Well thanks for asking, but I don't."

Audacious chit. "I didn't ask." He tugged Troy's reins and stepped around the beast to grab the girl. "I am telling you—"

Blunt teeth came down on his shoulder, hard enough that it felt like he'd been punched, or cut with a dull blade. He twisted away from the horse who seemed ready to tear him limb from limb to defend the girl and glared at Gabriella when she stifled a laugh with her hand.

"Whore of the Core, Troy!" Slater kicked the horse's hoof and wrapped the reins around his wrist so the animal had no choice but to look at him, but couldn't attempt to chomp off another chunk of skin. "What good will I be to either of you if you maim me?"

Letting out another snort, Troy kicked him in the shin.

A hot poker of agony shot up Slater's leg. He cursed and released the reins. Gabriella sighed and snatched them up, pulling Troy short when he moved to attack again.

"Let me take him." She tugged on the lead until the beast abandoned his efforts to murder his master and followed. "He doesn't like you very much right now."

Rubbing his throbbing shoulder, Slater watched Gabriella stagger along the dirt road with Troy. No more than a score of steps away from him she tripped on a loose stone and a cloud of dust rose up around her as she fell. With long strides, Slater caught up to them and put his hand under her elbow and helped her to her feet. She grabbed Troy's saddle to steady herself. A tiny bead of sweat rolled down her dirt streaked cheek. More disappeared into the tangled hair that stuck to her face.

"Take you hand off me, Slater."

He dropped his hand. "Sorry."

"Don't be sorry. Just. Don't. Touch. Me."

Her lips trembled again, but this time, Slater knew she wouldn't weep. He'd been wrong about her. Small and fragile as she was, she'd gained strength on their journey—through the whole ordeal in fact.

Not enough to survive in this world alone. She still needs me.

A voice in his head that sounded much like his grandmother laughed at him. Perhaps, but she does not want you.

Slater tore his eyes away from Gabriella and focused on their path. The morning had barely sputtered to life so there weren't many people to be seen. Here and there merchants laid out their wares, a few calling out to Slater in an effort to start the day with what was sure to be an easy sale. A noble with a beautiful young woman, how could he not be interested in gifting her with silks, or cakes, or fresh fruit?

Slater responded to them all with a distracted shake of his head. Only the innkeeper would profit from him now.

The inn came into view, an imposing stone structure that had once been the home of a prominent business man. Out of favor with the kings of both North and South, refusing to pay homage to either, the man had fallen victim to the wrong end of a knife during a random mugging. The inn now belonged to a Baron that called the town his home, a man who could claim some kinship to both kings which explained the town's neutral status. The accommodations were the best that could be offered among the border towns. 

The perfect place for Gabriella to get some much needed rest.

After seeing Troy comfortably settled with the enthusiastic stable boy, Slater led the way into the inn. An old chambermaid brought them to an empty room.

"You'll ring if you need anything, My Lord?" At Slater's nod the woman curtsied, then turned to Gabriella and curtsied again before backing out. "My Lady."

The door shut without a sound. Gabriella took a step towards the bed. Her eyes teared. A strangled cry left her lips and she stared at the bed as though it was much too far.

Slater moved to help her. She shook her head and Slater groaned, fed up of her hard-headedness. He wrapped an arm around her waist. "Will you--"

Gabriella slapped him and cried out. "I told you not to touch me!" She sobbed and collapsed on the bed. "Just go away!"

He could do nothing but stare at her as she released her misery on the crisp, beige bedding. Then he nodded. Fighting with her now would only make things worse. He turned and opened the door, striding out into the hall. The chambermaid stared at him as she stepped out of another room.

"My Lady needs assistance." He softened his tone when she gapped at him. "If you'll see to her while I go..."

The chambermaid drew back her bent shoulders as much as she could and gave a sharp motion of accord. Once the fear for her life passed she let her disdain show. Slater knew she'd heard Gabriella's shouts. She probably thought he'd tried to force his attentions on the girl who was clearly worn to the bone from their travels.

Little did she know, what he'd done would make such thoughtlessness seem kind.

"Perhaps, My Lord..." The old woman tilted her head up and fair sneered at him. "You can sate your baser needs in the tavern below. There's food and drink and..." She bristled, nostrils flaring. "Strumpets better suited to cool your hot blood."

A sniff and a glare and the woman stepped past him, entered the room and shut the door in his face. Slater clenched his fist and turned on his heel.

Strumpets and food. Just the idea twisted his gut. A good stiff drink however...

Slater made his way downstairs.

* * * *

"One so strong, it boggles the mind. And they say Villem let her slip away?"

"Not let her." The grisly man leaned forward, tone low, and caste a furtive glance across the tavern. "Word is that his brother stole her. Mayhaps the girl's powers are awakening, mayhap it is simply treason. In any case Villem has scores of soldiers hunting the pair. And King Krovist has offered a hefty reward to any that find them first."

Slater drew deeper into the shadows, hunched over in his chair, elbows on the scored wood table before him. The barmaid took his glass and offered another ale. He waved her away, focus keyed on the two drunkards every word.

"That would tip the odds in favor of the South. If the girl's as valuable as they claim..." The lanky man said before guzzling down his ale. He gestured to his beefy, unshaven comrade with his drink. "Even awakened she'd be a decent tap."

The other man hunkered down. "Gods man, do you think they'd still drain her? Don't know much about the nobles, but from what I understand that's just not done."

"Desperate times and all..." 

Slater listened to them as long as he was able, each and every word nailing down his conviction like a well aimed strike of a mallet. What in the black depths was he thinking? By keeping Gabriella here, he risked her becoming fuel for the power hungry kings. They wouldn't stop until they drained the life from her. Slater couldn't hide her from both rulers indefinitely.

Unless he took her out of their reach. Another pass through the veil so soon after the last should do it. Neither king would chance a tear that would expose their kingdoms to the realms beyond. If the people had access to the technology that could be gained from Gabriella's homeland, the nobles would lose the sway of greater power. The tyrants rule would be challenged and the dominions would fall into chaos.

It was the only way. Slater had to send her home.

* * * *

Heels digging into the soft mattress, Gabriella arched and ground her teeth against another wave of pain. Stretching didn't help ease the knots from her thigh muscles, but she didn't know what else to do. The agony was tearing her apart.

"Hush my dear." The chambermaid sat on the edge of the bed. "I've sent for the healer. He should be here any minute." She closed her eyes, smiled and then glanced over at the door. It opened to reveal a young man.

The chambermaid met him in the doorway and he handed her a small cloth bag that clicked softly as though filled with metal things. Thanking him, the chambermaid looked back at Gabriella. Something close to regret passed through her eyes. She was gone before Gabriella could question it.

Gabriella focused on the man as he shut the door and approached the bed. "Who are you?"

"My name is Danson. I am a healer." He took a knee by the bed and put his hand on her thigh. His grip tightened when she tried to slip away. "I travel with the king's armies. It's fortunate that a merchant recognized Slater and sent word. Perhaps now the situation can be handled without too much bloodshed."

A white rush of cold energy spilled from his hand and into her veins. She dug her nails into her palms and fixed her gaze on Danson's face. "Which king?"

"Moloch." Danson said. He massaged her thigh, closed his eyes and then set his hand on the other. "His forces have surrounded the village, but I have been given the authority to make a deal with you that will negate the need for an attack."

"A deal with me?" She blinked, then sat up. It didn't hurt. Relief didn't hold her long. His words concerned her more than any amount of discomfort. "No! I don't have to make a deal. This is a border town. You can't--"

Danson shook his head. "We can and we will. The king of the South will do the same once he gets wind that you're here. No doubt word has already reached him. There's no time to waste on denial."

Hands pressed to her face, Gabriella dropped her head. Just when she thought things couldn't get worse. Not enough that people were chasing her. Now she had to decide whether to put the villagers in harm's way or hand herself over.

Damn it this isn't my fight! I don't belong here! Gabriella rolled her eyes to the ceiling to stall her tears. It didn't help. They trickled in a warm spill down the sides of her face. 

"What's the deal?"

"You come with me, now, and submit to King Moloch. Do so and you will avoid the slaughter of many. You've put these people in a horrible position. Even though they don't know you, they won't stand idly by and watch you forced from here." He touched the back of her hand and waited until she looked at him. "And then there's Slater."

Gabriella's eyes shot to the door. Slater. God, if he came now he'd kill this man and there'd be no deal. She voiced the last of her concerns even as she pulled on the slippers the chambermaid had removed for her. "What will Moloch do to Slater?"

"Nothing if you come with us. Slater is banished from the North and unwelcome in the South, but he is free to stay here."

"He won't. He'll come for me."

Danson inclined his head. "Yes, but the orders will be to restrain him. King Moloch has made concessions to assure that Slater not be harmed if you submit. If Slater comes for you, you will be given the opportunity to speak to him, to tell him whatever you must to make him leave you."

With a jerky nod, Gabriella stood with the sheets wrapped around her and made a circular motion with her hand. "Turn around so I can get dressed. Do you have a way for us to leave without Slater spotting us?"

Back to her, Danson nodded. "The chambermaid will delay him and we will take the exit through the kitchen. The king's men will meet us in the woods. Slater's horse has been taken. We will be well away before he has a chance to follow."

"Great." Doing up the last of the ties on the simple, blue gown Slater's grandmother had given her, she stepped up to Danson's side. "Then let's get out of here before something goes wrong with your perfect plans."

* * *

Halfway up the stairs, he heard a woman scream. Mounting the steps two at a time, he skidded to a stop in front of a room several doors down from the one he shared with Gabriella. The scream came again. It wasn't Gabriella, but he couldn't just ignore it. 

He kicked the door in.

Three dirty, smelly men were crawling all over the old chambermaid who'd taken care of Gabriella for him. Slater made a sound of disgust and hauled the first man off her.

"Were you all whelped in the gutter?" He shoved the other two men off the bed and helped the old woman to her feet. "Could you not find a comely lass to take your coin?"

"Coin?" The first man laughed. "We gave her no coin. She was provided by the inn to serve us, and serve us she shall."

Slater rolled his eyes and sighed. What a time for him to develop a sense of right and wrong. Or adopt Gabriella's. He moved between the chambermaid and the men, drawing himself up to his full height, lips curved in a lazy smile.

"I find I object to your demands, but please, feel free to insist."

The men exchanged a look. For a moment, it seemed they would back down.

Instead they came at him from all sides, barreling at him with their bodies. Shoulders hit his sides, his gut. He braced his feet to keep from colliding with the old woman, grunting when a fist slammed into his jaw.

"Get out of here before you get hurt, woman!" Slater grabbed one man by the collar and threw him into another. He heard the old woman scramble to the door and shut it behind her. And lock it. A fist caught him under the chin when he turned his head towards the sound.

"All right, that's enough." Slater wrapped his hands around two scrawny necks and cracked two skulls together. The men collapsed. He reached for the last of them.

The man held up his hands and retreated around the bed. "Wait! Damn it, we weren't paid enough for this. It was a ruse, man. The old woman paid us to feign an attack."

"Why in all of Vox Terra would she pay you to..." His gaze whipped to the locked door and he shook his head. "No." He rushed at the door, striking it hard with his shoulder. "Gabriella!"

The doorframe splintered and finally the door burst open. Slater tore into the room where he'd left Gabriella. The bed was empty. The soothing scent of healing magic hung on the air.

"Danson." Slater scrubbed his face with his hand. His brother was no fool. Of all his nobles, only the healer could have convinced Gabriella to go with him willingly. Danson's skills went beyond mending bodies. His gentle logic could sway a madman from his destructive path. By the time she reached Moloch, she would be ready to join the cursed cause. She'd forget about home. And him.

But that wouldn't keep her whole. Or alive.

They can't have gotten far. Slater grabbed his saddlebags and made his way down to the stables. He dropped the bags and laughed bitterly.

Troy was gone. Of course. Danson was no fool; he wouldn't have left Slater with an easy way to follow him.

A scream sounded in the distance and Slater bolted from the stables. Villagers crowded the streets, women gathering their children, men gathering their weapons. A horde of soldiers in silver armor surrounded them, taking glowing swords in hand to cut down all who stood in their path.

The forces of the south had come for the prize. Too late, their king would not be pleased. They would all suffer for failing him, and so they would make the villagers suffer.

Unless he did something...He shook his head and retreated into the ally beside the stables. No, this wasn't his fight. Gabriella needed...

The hot metallic scent of blood filled the air. A woman with a tiny boy in her arms rushed past him, stanching a wound on the child's temple with her skirts. Second later two soldiers came barreling after her.

Without a second thought, Slater blocked their path. "Moments of pleasure or the reward for my capture, boys?" He leaned on the course wood siding of the stable and folded his arms over his chest. "Think quickly, I am not known for my patience."

One of the soldiers made a grab for him. Slater shuffled out of reach, caught the man's wrist, and hauled him down. When the second man lurched forward Slater drove an elbow into the man's throat.

Then did something he would have never considered before he'd met Gabriella.

He ran.

This does not make me a coward.  Slater told himself as he dodged through the crowd, vaulting over vender stands and around the massive warhorses crowding the streets. My lady will be pleased that I am not playing loose with the life she returned to me, and perhaps I can draw the southern forces from the village.

A cry rang out from the soldiers as word spread of his presence. He ran faster as he reached the last lane. A bolt of blue light flashed in the corner of his eye, then another. He could feel blood spilling down his face where a magic dart had sliced his cheek. His head spun.

Poison...

He stumbled and fell to his knees. Heard the soldier's boots stomping on the hard earth, coming closer and closer.

Hot, wet air puffed in his face. He squinted up and a big black muzzle filled his vision.

"Troy." He laughed and stroked his steed's soft fur, feeling around for his mane so he could pull himself up and mount. A hand wrapped around his wrist.

Could the Gods be so kind? He smiled when someone crouched at his side, struggling to haul him to his feet.

"Gabriella?"

Something soft pressed against his cheek. "No, My Lord. It is I. Heim."

"Villem has her. We must..." Slater felt the air sucked out of his lungs as the poison tightened its grip on him. "She..."

"As soon as you are well, My Lord." Heim grunted and lifted Slater up to the saddle. He mounted behind Slater and clicked his tongue.

Troy broke into a run and Slater wrapped his arms around the horse's neck, hard pressed to hang on with consciousness slipping away. He heard the sizzle of magic as Heim drew up a shield around them to block the attack of the soldiers in hot pursuit.

"Once we reach the Northern border, they will be forced to turn back." Heim shouted, the strain the magic was having clear in his tone.

The dark of the night seemed to press down on him, growing heavier and heavier. Cheek pressed to Troy's shoulder, Slater used the stinging pain of flexing muscle grazing his wounded cheek to hold off oblivion.

"We are at war, Heim. They will not respect our borders."

Heim latched onto the back of Slater's shirt and tugged straight on the saddle when he started the slide to one side. "Perhaps, but your brother's men will hold them off."

Shock sliced through the fuzz of Slater's brain. "My brother..."

"Yes." Heim gave Slater a grim smile and pushed him down to lie against Troy's neck as darkness stole the last of his awareness. Words drifted to him through the black. "He gave Gabriella his word that you would not be harmed. And our king is a man of his word."
