 Author's Note- Hi everyone, this is a new story that I'll be switching to after I update my other story. I am actually working on the next part for Dragons of Fraidel as right now. This story will be different from that one. For one thing, there will be no sex here due to the fact that I feel that it wouldn't feel right to this kind of set up. The main cast is bigger but that's because this originally started out as an RPG I created. When that fell through, I loved the story so much I decided to create a story out of it. 

 I do have a new editor too, so special thanks to Todger65. I really appreciate it! Anyway, here we go and enjoy!

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 Chapter I.

Disruptive Harmony



The night sky twinkled as a figure ran over the rooftops of the vibrant city of Isladam, the capital of the desert kingdom Mulada. The person took one last leap between two buildings before suddenly stopping. She gazed down at the royal palace of the city with its high walls, towering minarets, and symmetrical domes. The palace was its own mini-city because it had several buildings within the walls and numerous gardens spread throughout the grounds. As the figure gazed down, she let out a small breath.

 "It's almost time." She whispered.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~

 Inside the largest portion of the palace, there was a ball. It was called the Festival Mask Ball. Once a year all of the kingdoms of the planet of Incienda held an annual festival and it all ended with the ball. Every year it was held in a different kingdom. This year it was held in Mulada, which was one of seven kingdoms. The other six were the forest kingdom of Histadel, the plains kingdom of Puran, the ocean kingdom of Anahaly, the rivers and valleys kingdom of Vinsumi, the mountain kingdom of Ajna, and the floating isles kingdom of Sasuren.

 Each kingdom had its own sets of beliefs and ideals, all of which were represented by the stones that protected the kingdoms. Mulada's stone was the jasper, which represented the kingdom's ideals of physical strength and protection. They believed one had to earn his or her way through hard work, and that belief was taught from birth. Even the royal family held these ideals sacred and the heir had to prove his worth in order to become king. Mulada's heirs were always male since most Muladi folk felt that men could protect the kingdom more sufficiently than female when it came to physical strength. However, the women were still expected to pull their weight in situations and were respected for that. The Muladi folk could also always be counted on to put on a grand party as well, for they liked to show off their hard work. That night, the king pulled out all the stops to end the festival with a bang. People from every kingdom were there and there was an assortment of foods and entertainment. Everyone seemed to be having a good time. Well almost everyone was.

 "Inaya! Inaya where are you?" a young Muladi teen called out.

 Much like everyone in the room, the teenager was wearing a mask. Her eyes scanned the shadows along the walls of the grand ballroom. She finally spotted a figure amongst them and smiled. Walking up, the Muladi teen saw who she was looking for.

 "There you are cousin! Why are you hiding here?" she said, placing two hands on her hips.

 Inaya Nagi groaned. The 5'6" Muladi woman was 21 years old and was forced to come to this ball. Not one to dance, Inaya chose to hide in the background. Her cousin, Inari, was determined to get her cousin to be more social. Inaya wasn't the social butterfly like Inari though and liked her privacy. However, Inari knew Inaya's biggest weakness and was able to coerce her into coming, since 'he' was here and currently dancing with different ladies from the various kingdoms. The man could ask her cousin to do anything and Inaya would reluctantly do it because of the ridiculous crush she had on him. This was no mere man; he was the crown prince of Mulada and heir to the kingdom, Aamir Karim. Putting him out of her thoughts, Inaya turned her brown eyes to Inari.

 "What is it Inari?" Inaya asked the black hair, darkly tanned skin teen.

 "Why aren't you dancing? You're missing out on all the fun."

 "Because I'd rather watch than participate."

 "Hehe, you're just afraid of stepping on someone else's toes like you've done in the few dance classes you've taken." Inari smirked.

 "Afraid? I am not afraid of anything." Inaya replied a little too quickly.

 "Liar, why else would you be hiding here?"

 Inaya loved her cousin, but the girl was starting to get on her nerves. However, before she could say anything, Prince Aamir showed up. 

 "I thought I recognized your voice Inaya. I should have known you would hide in the shadows. Hello Inari, is that you underneath that mask?" the prince asked.

 "Sure is. You look handsome your highness." Smiled Inari.

 Indeed, Aamir was a real looker. He stood at 5'11" with a muscular build and had scarlet red eyes. His long dark brown hair was pulled back. He also had long spiky bangs that gave him a wild look about him. His bronze tone skin seemed to gleam like gold in the ballroom. He was 23 years of age and very outgoing. The kingdom adored him for his strength and courage. It was those traits that Inaya admired about him and had yet to best him in a duel. Her father was the captain of the royal guard that was in charge of protecting the royal family. Inaya and Aamir had known each other for years. Right now Aamir was in royal tradition garb of Muladi fashion with a dark red floor length lightweight coat with no other top underneath and pants, with a golden sash coming across his chest. He was wearing a golden mask. Like all members of the royal family, he wore a gold arm bracelet located on his upper arm. It took of all of Inaya's control not to blush.

 What she didn't know was that Aamir was having the same trouble. He was always used to seeing Inaya dressed like a guy with her hair up. Tonight though, her reddish brown hair was down in ringlets and the pale orange mask she wore enhanced her brown eyes. Her attire was a mixture of orange and red colors, which reminded him of a phoenix he had seen in books and scrolls. The gown she was wearing showcased her voluptuous curves and her bronze skin seemed to glow. However, she looked very uncomfortable and Aamir couldn't blame her.

 "Inaya, you look wonderful." He replied, thinking it an understatement.

 That caused Inaya to blush and she managed to say, "Thanks."

 "Do you want to dance?"

 "No thanks."

 Aamir expected such an answer from her. However, he wasn't about to let Inaya off the hook.

 "Hehe, okay, you get a break now, but when the next waltz comes about, you owe me a dance. Inari, do you want to dance?"

 "It'll be my pleasure your highness." Inari said before placing her hand in his.

 Smiling, Aamir swept her onto the dance floor and they found themselves dancing close to a good friend of his, Prince Eneas Castro of Histadel. Eneas was a little taller than Aamir at 6'1" and was 24 years old. Histadel people never believed in any form of birth control due to their beliefs so all families tended to be large. Eneas' family was no exception. He was the 2nd eldest with three brothers and three sisters. His older brother was the current king and Eneas was the royal envoy of the family. So whenever the royal family couldn't travel to other events, he was the one normally sent and also relayed important messages between his family and the other royal families. Eneas loved it. Currently he was dancing with one of Aamir's sisters. The prince looked dashing in his green and gold attire of Histadelian fashion. The material was similar of Muladi garb in the sense that it was a lightweight material; only it was more of a silky texture. The green mask made Eneas' hazel eyes more golden and his short black hair was smooth and sleek. His skin was a light tan color.

 "Eneas, I hope my sister, Aisha, hasn't stepped on your feet." Aamir laughed at the prince.

 "Brother!" scolded Aisha.

 "Not at all, she's been a wonderful partner." Replied Eneas.

 "See!" Aisha replied back.

 Aisha was Aamir's youngest sister and only 12 years old. This was actually her first ball. Inari giggled at their interaction.

 It wasn't long before the song ended and Eneas decided to take a break from dancing. He took Princess Aisha back to her family in the dining area. In Mulada, everyone ate near the floor. The tables were only tall enough to put your legs underneath and there were cushions for sitting on. All the royal families sat together and only those invited by them could eat with them. Eneas was getting hungry and decided to get something to eat. A huge buffet was located near the dining area and foods from all over were being served there. Immediately the prince headed for the Histadelian food, which were mostly fruit and vegetable meals. Meat was hard to find in Histadel; hence, much of the inhabitants were vegetarians. Eneas though wasn't because he had tried other things and enjoyed seafood, but that was about it.

 As he got several things, he looked up to see a young lady with a pair of pure orange eyes, who were on him at the moment. She was wearing a Histadelian garb with orange and pink colors that fit perfectly against her petit frame. While the material wasn't as fine as what he was wearing, the craftsmanship was still impressive. There were pink flower designs scattered about the gown. The sleeveless gown had straps that wrapped around the lady's neck and it flow to the ground like a waterfall. Histadelian fashions for women tended to show what they felt was the lady's most important attribute, which are her hips. So while the young lady had a slim frame, the dress made it appear she had generous curves. Her dirty blonde hair was braided back with several flowers it. Eneas smiled at the young maiden.

 "Good evening. How are you this evening?" he asked politely.

 Belinha Basurto blushed, but recovered her wits before saying, "I am doing fine good sir. And you?"

 "Well enough. That dress looks nice on you." Eneas commented.

 "Thank you. One of my sisters and I went shopping the other day at a Histadelian vendor."

 "So are you from Histadel?"

 "Yes sir. Are you from there too?"

 Eneas was slightly surprised that she didn't recognize him by now, even with the mask on, but guessed she was from one of the smaller tree villages. Histadel was a jungle for the most part and all the residents lived in the trees. They used large exotic birds to travel from village to village, but only the wealthy folk could afford them. So some villages could be pretty isolated. The ground level was too treacherous to travel through due to the dangerous creatures that lived there. Eneas soon remembered to answer her.

 "Yes I am. It was nice meeting you miss." Eneas smiled again before moving on.

 The 5'2" darkly tanned lady sighed as she watched him leave with his meal. She watched him sit down where the royals were and felt her face heat up again. Was that one of the princes? The 18 year-old remembered him saying he was from Histadel and figured he was a prince from there. Which one though was the question? With a blush still on her face, the teen took her own plate and returned to her own family.

 "Are you okay Belinha? You look a little peaked." Asked her older sister, Maria.

 "I'll be fine."

 Across the room someone else was feeling a little under the weather too, only for different reasons. 20 year-old Skylar Andrews of the kingdom of Puran was slightly worn out from dancing. Standing at an average 5'5", Skylar looked stunning in a figure hugging, golden gown that flared at the hip with a slit that came to her upper thigh. She had a few layers of pale yellow petticoats under her gown and her top was a halter. Her red hair was pulled back in a sleek ponytail and for once wasn't all frizzy thanks to some new hair gel that had just came out of Puran in last year. Great thing about living in Puran was it was the best at coming up with new inventions. Sometimes they failed, but most of the time they worked. Skylar's job as an airship builder's apprentice meant she rarely got to dress up like a girl, so she was going to enjoy being one for at least one night. At the moment she was sitting down resting her feet and let her pale yellow eyes watch the crowd. Suddenly someone plopped down next to her, sounding out of breath.

 "Are you okay?" she asked looking at the person next to her.

 Prince Gavin Victorson looked at the person next to him in surprise. The prince had been forced by his mother to dance with some of the royal princesses and he was getting tired of it. It wasn't that the young ladies were bad dancers or rude people, but most of them weren't engaging conversationalists. Being the bookworm of the family, Gavin was an intellectual individual and had a hard time being social with those who weren't up to his standards.

 "Not really. Dancing isn't one of my specialties." He finally answered.

 Skylar looked the young man over. Even in his relaxed state, he was still in a poised sitting position and had a certain air about him. Living in an orphanage most of her life, Skylar made a habit of watching people and was pretty perspective. His clothing looked to be of Puran design, signified by a short waistcoat with tails on the end and black boots covered by beige colored pants. The waistcoat was mostly beige with yellow and blue accessories.

 "What do you enjoy doing?" she asked him out of the blue.

 This caught Gavin a bit by surprise. The 21 year-old looked at the young lady next to him and couldn't help but feel a bit shy because she seemed genuinely interested in him and was watching him with kind eyes.

 "I enjoy working with my hands and experimenting and I love to read also." He said honestly.

 "Really? I enjoy building things too. My employer builds airships and I help him with it."

 "That's interesting. I guess you're from Puran then huh?" Gavin asked.

 "Mmmhmm. And judging by your mannerisms and clothing, I'd say you're from Puran and are of the 'Upper Crust'." Skylar guessed.

 Gavin's light blue eyes opened wide. Her observation skills were impressive.

 "Indeed. Might I ask you for your name?"

 "I am afraid I can't. This is a mask ball right? Isn't it improper to reveal one's identity at one?"

 "Well I have never been great at following proper protocol. My name is Gavin." The prince said as he held out his hand.

 "Skylar." The redhead said as she placed her hand in his.

 Gavin felt a bit of a jolt when she did that and Skylar felt the same way. Feeling suddenly awkward, Gavin stood up and left, leaving Skylar a bit speechless.

 "I am such a coward." Groaned the prince, finding himself outside on a balcony.

 Standing at 5'10", Gavin looked out over the dark capital before hearing footsteps behind him. Turning around, he saw that it was one of the other princes from another kingdom. He recognized the blonde hair, green eye prince immediately. 

 "Hey Cyrus. Tired of the crowd already?"

 Prince Cyrus Marinos of Anahaly merely nodded with a scowl on his face.

 "Balls aren't just my thing Gavin, especially with every unattached female looking at you like you were a prized fish to reel in."

 Gavin smiled sympathetically. Cyrus tended to exaggerate from time to time. In fact, one could say that the majority of the peoples of the isles of Anahaly were an emotional lot. Gavin could relate to Cyrus in some ways. Both princes were compared to their older brothers who were the heirs to their kingdoms and had a better reputation. Gavin and Cyrus both didn't care for people's opinions, but really didn't like the comparisons. The difference between the two was Cyrus was more vocal about it and tended to have more of an attitude, but Gavin had a feeling it was all a cover for any insecurities. After all, the 20 year-old prince had been through a lot, having been caught in one of Anahaly's unpredictable hurricanes out at sea and he came out as one of few survivors. Amongst the casualties were his mother and sister, whom he tried to save. He was very close to both and losing them devastated him and changed him a great deal. That was 5 years ago. Gavin was pulled out of his thoughts when Cyrus talked to him again.

 "So how is that new invention coming along?" Cyrus asked him.

 "Hehe, it blew up in my face. My mother was horrified at the sight of me. My teeth were black for a few days."

 Cyrus grinned at that. Gavin certainly had some creative ideas, it was just a darn shame many of them didn't work out. Before he could respond though, someone else came outside.

 "Ah, good evening Prince Cyrus and Gavin. Taking a break I see." A voice said behind them.

 Both turned to see an elderly man. He stood at 5'10" and had long white hair with a beard that came to his collarbone. His eyes were pure silver and he wore silver and dark blue robes. He didn't bother wearing a mask either because everyone would know him anywhere. Upon seeing him, both princes bowed. The man was none other than the wizard Andun. He was considered a legend in Incienda and everyone knew about him. Years ago the wise man helped save all the kingdoms when there was more conflict and help bring about harmony again. No one knew his exact age only that he looked to be in his 70's and was still in good physical shape for one his age.

 "Good evening Lord Andun. Have you been enjoying yourself?" Gavin asked.

 "Yes I have. Prince Gavin, I've been sent by your mother to find you. She wants you to return to your 'duties' as she put it." Andun said, giving the prince a sad smile.

 Gavin groaned.

 "Thank you Lord Andun, have a nice evening." He bowed before leaving.

 Cyrus watched the prince leave, feeling sorry for him. Andun looked at the Anahalian prince. His olive toned skin seemed a pit pale in the moonlight and he looked a bit uncomfortable in his grey and green royal attire. The garment it was made out of very fine material called sorquin, which was soft and silky and very expensive. It was custom for members of the royal family of Anahaly to wear it at events like this. Cyrus though hated it on him for it looked too 'feminine' for his tastes. Still, he really had no choice.

 "Have you enjoyed the festival this year Prince Cyrus?"

 "It was okay. I am not into large crowd events."

 "Aw, no pretty young lady has caught your eye yet?" chuckled the wizard.

 Cyrus grinned at that, "No sir, but I am not looking either."

 And he wasn't. If he was honest with himself, he didn't think he was capable of finding the kind of love that he remembered his parents sharing. His heart was just so broken. Thinking about it made him tense up a bit because he didn't like dwelling on the past. Andun saw his frown and instantly knew what he was thinking of. 

Before he could reply, Cyrus said, "I best get back inside."

 Andun watched him leave and looked back outside. Something strange was in the air and the wizard wondered what it could mean.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: So what do you think so far? I've introduced half of the main cast so you'll meet the rest next time. Please let me know what you think. I hope to finish writing the next part of Chapter 6 by next Saturday. I am currently waiting for my new editor to catch up reading the story so be patient okay?