 Well folks, after dealing with a lot of things in "Real Life" I'm finally back. Sorry for the long delay in updating the story. Couldn't be helped, I'm afraid. Hope you will all enjoy this installment.

*

Benjamin drifted. It felt as if he were afloat on his raft, but he could not feel it beneath his feet. More than that, there was virtually no pitch or yaw and that was impossible on Storm World.

"You need to stop being crazy, Ben," a calm, soothing voice said from behind him. He turned to look and nearly collapsed upon seeing her.

"Angela!"

"You always look so surprised to see me," she laughed.

Tall, blonde, willowy and tomboy-ishly beautiful, Angela stood before him. She hadn't aged a day. If anything she looked younger and more vibrant. A light seemed to emanate from her. In her arms was a small gray cat that looked coolly at Benjamin, though he could hear her purring from a couple of meters away.

"You brought Celia," he said, a smile replacing his expression of surprise.

"She insisted on coming, sweetheart," Angela said and stroked the cat between the ears. Celia purred louder and turned her head into Angela's caress.

Benjamin hesitantly stepped closer, not believing what he was seeing. He stretched out his hands to touch Angela lightly on the shoulders, fearful she would be no more substantial than smoke. But she was solid and warm and there. Angela stepped into his arms and he hugged her and the cat. She was there. Angela was there! Benjamin buried his face in her shoulder and his embrace became nearly desperate. He began to weep quietly.

"It's alright," she soothed, putting her arm around him, holding on gently until he could get himself under control. Celia purred and stretched up to nuzzle his cheek.

Without seeming to move Benjamin found himself lying beside Angela upon a soft bed. The indistinct place he had found her resolved into their old apartment on Tah-Sidhe Station. Candlelight filled their small bedroom and she cradled his head upon her breast. Celia sprawled languidly across them both, gently pawing his arm in search of attention. He stroked her soft fur and for the first time in many, many moths Benjamin felt safe and at home.

"I've missed you," he whispered to them.

"You've been away a very long time," Angela said softly and kissed the top of his head. The cat only purred and licked his fingers.

"I don't like where I've been," he said and turned his face to look at Angela. "And you aren't really here, are you?"

"No," she said a little sadly.

"I want to go home," he said, tears welling at the corners of his eyes again.

"Then you have to stop being crazy," she said and the cat looked at him earnestly.

"Will you be there when I get back?" he asked.

"We'll be where we always are, my love," she said, that note of sadness still in her voice. "It's time for you to wake up now, Benjamin. There are things that need to be done. People need your help."

"I don't want to go," he protested.

"I'm so sorry, my love, but you have to," she said and kissed him softly.

"I love you," he told her.

"We love you, too, darling," Angela said and gave him the gentlest of shoves. "Always remember that."

Benjamin felt himself float off the bed and glide across the room. He should have bumped into the bulkhead, but he just continued to float away, the bounds of the apartment becoming more and more vague. As Angela and Celia shrank into the distance he heard her say, "Go and be happy, my love. We'll wait for you. Be happy."

Benjamin woke slowly from what might have been hours of sleep. He remembered the dream. He remembered what Angela had said and wondered if he really had been crazy. If he had, for how long? As his senses came back to him Benjamin heard a soft movement as if something light glided over stone. He listened for it again and now could discern a nearly sub audible rumbling. There was also a scent he had not noticed before. It was different than he was used to. It smelled exotic and wild, as if a creature of the Golden Savanna had crept into his bedroom. The scent was warm and vibrant and for just a minute he refused to open his eyes, wanting to enjoy the possibility that somewhere out there was a place where it did not rain every day and sunshine beat upon the earth until it was warm and dry. A place where clean breezes flowed, bringing scents of growing things instead of the smell of wet and rot.

Something moved near him, bumping his cot and he reluctantly opened his eyes. There, sitting on the floor and leaning against his cot, was one of the aliens. Benjamin remained silent, observing her secretly.

She was larger than the one who had spoken English to him, the one with auburn fur, blue-black stripes and mane, and the white blaze on her throat. This one had no mane and her coat was red-gold with little white tufts on the tips of her rounded ears. Her feline features blended pleasantly with a very Human physique. What had they been called? Zav Etch or Javich? Or was it Davidge? Something like that, anyway. Their speech was a melodious buzzing, hissing, chirping sound punctuated with more guttural growls and rowls and coughs. In time he might be able to approximate it, but he doubted he would ever be fluent.

"Do you speak English?" he asked quietly.

Startled, the alien bounced to her feet like she'd been stung. Her dark green eyes blinked owlishly at him and her tail lashed the air in agitation. With a snort she laughed and put a hand to her mouth, perhaps to hide the large carnivore fangs he had noticed earlier. He liked her laugh. It sounded real and it sounded embarrassed. He laughed, too. She said something in her own tongue, gesturing at an electronic device in her hand and then she snickered, folded the thing up and slipped it into a white case the size of a shoebox.

"No idea what you just said, lady," he told her and smiled. She returned his smile, though, again she did not show him her teeth. He pointed a thumb at his chest and said, "I'm Benjamin."

The alien frowned so he repeated himself. This time her eyes opened a little wider, her ears rotated forward inquisitively and the tip of her tail twitched just like a house cat's when it spots prey or the dot of a laser pointer. He said his name again more slowly and she smiled.

"Ima` Nef`Tn," she said and pointed to herself with the two thumbs on her right hand. He hadn't noticed that before. It was strange. Two thumbs on either hand. Probably had made it easier for her pre-sentient ancestors to capture prey.

"Immanftn?" he asked.

She snorted good humoredly and shook her head before saying her name again.

"Ema neften?" he asked.

Again she smiled, shook her head and repeated her name. She said it syllable by syllable and then as she had said it the first time.

"Ima` Nef`Tn," Benjamin said slowly. "It's like speaking Japanese. Have to enunciate clearly."

"J'a Paneez?" she asked. Her accent was strong, but Benjamin understood.

"Yeah," he said, smiling. "Nihongo."

"Nihongo?" she asked. Her eyes gleamed and her whiskers vibrated.

"Do you speak Japanese?" he asked in that language, his smile broadening.

"Hai!" she said, returning his smile. "I studied Japanese!"

"Really?" Benjamin asked, falling back into English and then catching himself. "Where did you learn it?"

"I originally studied communications," she said in slow, stilted cadence. "When the war began I requested transfer to combat duty. My Japanese is imperfect."

"Mine also, Ima` Nef`Tn san," he said and sat up. "What war?"

She looked very uncertain, her ears folded down against her head and her whiskers flattened back on her cheeks.

"jZav'Etch make war with the... I do not know the name in Japanese," she finally told him. "Not your Humans. Commander M'peth qHo can explain."

"Not my Humans?" he mused and then shrugging it off said, "I am starving. I need food and something to drink. Did I not put some tea on to brew?"

"I believe you did, Ben 'Jamin san," she said, sounding relieved at the change of subject. "I will get some for you. Please wait here."

"Hey!" he called, stopping her before she could leave. "Am I a prisoner?"

"No." She looked puzzled. "This is your cave. We jZav'Etch are... What is the word? Guests? Yes. We are your guests. I will return with the tea and some food if you permit."

"Okay," he said and then nodded his assent.

When he was alone Benjamin sat on his cot, thinking. How long had it been since he had had someone to talk too? He was not going to count the obviously imaginary creatures that had populated his mind. Had it been years? Actual years?

Dr. Grace Madan had been the last of the expedition to die. Bitten or stung by something small and extremely venomous, her wound had become infected and the damaged auto-doc had not been able to help her. After more than a week of fighting the infection Grace had slipped into fevered sleep and lingered for several more days before she'd succumbed. Benjamin had carried her up to the top of the cliff where there was actual soil rather than marshy loam. She now lay next to the others and the stones that marked those whose bodies they had never found.

"We ran out of chemlights," he said softly and scratched in his beard. "But Grace was still alive when that happened."

Too much had occurred since her death for him to recall it all. At one point he had seriously considered suicide, rejecting the idea out of sheer stubbornness. Isolation had done its evil work and without anyone to care for or protect or even speak with, Benjamin's mind became confused. One day had run into another until they all seemed the same and he lost track of time. Life became an unending series of minor events punctuated only by the storms that came and went, hammering the island for days only to leave it in peace and calm.

Benjamin had fallen into a routine, wandering out from the cave to gather food or firewood and then returning to sit and play solitaire or make points for his spears and arrows. At least, that was the way it had been until out of boredom he'd checked the computer.

"That wasn't that long ago," he murmured to himself and scratched in his beard again. "At least, I think it wasn't that long ago. I started harvesting the reeds after that. Why?"

Quite some time ago, perhaps three years, he had made his canoe in order to get around more easily. Without water transport he had to take long, meandering and dangerous routes to get certain kinds of food that were absolutely essential for his health. Even getting obsidian for his weapons and tools was easier with the canoe. To leave the island and cross the rolling sea he needed a much larger vessel, though. He had begun by harvesting the reeds from the inland marsh and binding them together in long cylindrical bundles. In short order, he had a functional raft, but to cross the open water to the next island he needed a large boat or a small ship. He'd gathered more reeds and expanded the raft's deck, including a prow. Benjamin reflected that it was fortunate for the aliens he had done so. Without the raft he might have saved only one or two.

"But what made me want to leave the island?" he murmured and scratched in his beard yet again. "Something important."

Frowning, Benjamin looked down at himself. He looked like hell. His ragged beard was a tangled mess that hung down to his sternum. He tried dragging his fingers through it and found knots and bits of twigs and leaves. His hair was pretty much in the same shape.

"Good Lord!" he swore mildly and began picking the worst of the debris out, tossing it into an old ration can next to the cot.

While he was so occupied Ima` Nef`Tn reappeared in the doorway with his cup and tea kettle, as well as a light green plastic pouch. She set the pouch on the foot of his cot and handed him the cup. He held it steady while she poured his tea. It had brewed too long, but a cup of strong tea might be in order. Of course the tea was not made with real tea leaves. He harvested a certain kind of seaweed on the far side of the island and hung it in one of the side tunnels where it would dry. It had a very strong, slightly bitter taste that suggested the flavor of tea rather than duplicated it.

"You should have brought a cup for yourself," he told Ima` Nef`Tn in Japanese. "You might like this stuff."

"I have already eaten and am not thirsty," she said and set the kettle on top of his shelf. She picked up the green pouch and tore it open. Steam rose from the packet, filling the small space with an enticing aroma. "I think you will enjoy this. It is hot. Please be careful."

Benjamin accepted the pouch and looked inside. Whatever it was did not look appetizing at all, whatsoever, in the least. However, it smelled wonderful! She handed him a plastic two pronged fork and smiled expectantly.

"Well," he said dubiously in English. "I didn't have to kill or cook it."

Benjamin jabbed one of the large chunks and popped it into his mouth before he could get a good look at it. (No sense in spoiling his breakfast, after all.) The food practically melted in his mouth. It was some kind of dumpling and the gross looking sauce it was covered in tasted like a cross between mild hot sauce and horseradish.

"This is very good!" he said and greedily forked another chunk into his mouth. "I have not had anything spicy in... Well, I do not know how long. Thank you!"

"I am pleased you like it," Ima' Nef'Tn said and squatted down on the floor. "After all you did to..." She paused to think for a second and went on, "After all you did to save us, the least we can do is to give you food."

"I could not let you get killed," he said and sipped his tea.

"May I ask a question?" she inquired with her ears turned forward and her tail flicking.

"Of course," he said and ate more of the dumplings.

"I have never met a Human before," she said. "I have only seen at a distance. Prisoners, you understand?"

"Yes," he said with a nod and regarded her with interest. "What is your question?"

"Do Humans where you come from wear clothing?" she asked very seriously.

"Yes, except when we are bathing or something like that," he said. "Why do you ask?"

With gleaming eyes and a sly little smile she gestured at him. Benjamin frowned and glanced down, knowing what he would see. He sighed and nodded.

"There was nobody around except me," he said ruefully. "I do not suppose I have been bathing as much as I should, either."

"You do not... Smell? Yes. You do not smell bad," she said judiciously. "Smell natural. Not bad."

"Natural?" he grunted and then reflected, "I guess with all the rain I don't really get all that dirty. Still, what about my beard? What about my hair? I need to do something. I should probably shave it all off."

"No!" she said, half rising. "Not all. You need to be groomed. Do not shave. Just... What is word? Cut but not cut. What is word?"

"Trim?" he asked.

"Trim? Yes! Trim only," she said fervently. "I can help. We groom each other."

"What?" Benjamin asked, alarmed. So far he was getting along with Ima` Nef`Tn well enough, but he wasn't sure he wanted to start grooming a cat the size of a Human. Without knowing it he spoke his next thought aloud, "That might take hours and what if she expects me to lick her clean? Just think of the fur ball."

"We jZav'Etch groom each other," she said, not understanding his last words. Then she realized the Human had misunderstood her and her eyes sparkled and her whiskers twitched mischievously. "Or you could groom me, if you wish."

Benjamin forked another large dumpling into his mouth before he said something and stuck his foot in it. The last thing he wanted to do was offend one of these aliens. Any one of them, even the small yellow and white one with the long fur, looked dangerous enough to be a handful if it came to a fight. He chewed, thinking furiously.

"Tell me," he said after swallowing the mouthful. "Do jZav'Etch like fish?"

Ima` Nef`Tn's eyes went wide and her ears swiveled forward, giving him her full attention.

"I hope that did not sound racist!" he said in a rush. Embarrassed, he went on, "What I mean is I have a fresh kill in my larder. A tanglefish that got too curious and came up the channel to my dock. It made a grab for me, but I got it instead. Speared it right between the mandibles. They never learn. I guess, they never had to contend with spears before, though."

"Fish is very good," she said, thoughts of grooming and teasing put aside for the moment. "We like it very much."

"Then it will be roast tanglefish for dinner," he said and forked the last of the dumplings into his mouth, pleased he had diverted her.

*****

Tem l`eth tong's tail lashed violently in her frustration. First she had had to waste time clearing the table of useless junk. Everything from an oddly beautiful mollusk shell to a basket filled with seed pods or beans or whatever the three lobed things were. Then she'd searched for the power switch on the computer only to accidentally bump the machine and have the display come to life. It was what was displayed that currently confused and frustrated her.

She knew Human coding and should have been able to learn much from the computer, but this was code like she had never seen. It was similar in several respects to what the CP used. All of the symbols were familiar, at least. They just did not make sense. It was as if the programmer had thrown in dozens and dozens of characters in random order and somehow had gotten the thrice damned machine to operate! And why in all wonder did the strings of characters continuously run back and forth across the display? Why did the characters constantly change colors? Why did some strings of characters suddenly spin or turn at a sharp angle and then shoot off the edge of the display? Madness!

She was about to shut off the power when a string of characters caught her attention. It stood out at the top of the screen because it did not move or change color or flicker. She frowned curiously at it.

"That is not random," she said to herself.

Tentatively she touched the line of characters and in the instant the screen flickered and flashed to a wholly new display. Charts of some sort lay one atop another in a disordered mess. She could not read the words, but the charts appeared to be variations on a theme. She touched one and discovered she could move it anywhere on the screen she liked. Pleased with herself Tem l'eth tong carefully aligned the chart over top of another. The characters matched but the lines tracing across the image were markedly different. They reminded her of a power output chart, but what could this correspond to? As far as she could determine the computer was not integrated with any power system except for its internal battery.

"Loose fang!" she swore sulfurously, her mood switching mercurially back to frustration. It was tempting to put her fist through the obstinate thing. She was a technician, though, and a good tech never blamed the machine she was working on. Somehow she must come to understand something about the device. She reckoned it was lucky for her that it had not been shut down the last time it had been used. Her frustrated thoughts came to a screeching stop and she considered. Like the coming of dawn her expression brightened.
