 Melanie heard the apartment door open and saw her roommate, Aster, stumble in and flop down on the sofa, a dreamily happy but completely exhausted look on her face.

"Aster? What's with you? Where have you been?"

Aster took a deep breath and sighed. "I've been mythed."

"What? You had sex with some satyr guy? Who? Where . . .?"

Another sigh. "Remember Nicky from high school?"

"Nicky—Nicky—oh, not C. Nickolas d'Rheim? That weed? The guy no girl would give the time of day to? He'sa satyr?"

"Mm-hm. Some girl not only gave him the time of day she probably gave him the time of his life. Melanie, he had me four times last night!"

"Four . . ."

"And four more times this morning! I'm going to go lie down. Wake me up for lunch."

*****

There were plenty of stories going around about what happened to girls who get 'mythed'. Bigger boobs, wider hips, relentless libidos—a lot of them seemed like either exaggerations or outright lies but a google-search of the local area turned up a small website labeled www.calliope's_shop.com/nymphs. The site discreetly claimed that they specialized in 'nymph fashion' and advice to the newly converted. It also stated that the shop was part of a chain wholly owned by The Glistening Cucumber 'A Store for Adults'. It seemed like a good place to start.

An old-fashioned bell tinkled as they entered the door of the little emporium tucked into the corner of a quiet suburban strip mall. Once inside Aster and Melanie were greeted by a spectacular woman of indeterminate age. Evidently the stories about boobs and hips weren't exaggerations.

"Hello, dears," she fluted, "How can I assist you?"

Melanie looked at Aster with a cocked eyebrow. "Well, tell the nice lady."

"Uh, I—uh . . ."

"Ah, some naughty satyr got to you and you've heard that you will need specialized clothing from here on. True?"

"Uh—well, yeah. I was at a party and met this guy I'd known from high school. I didn't like him back then but he fascinated me and . . ."

The woman chuckled. "Let me guess. He seemed to be wearing an aftershave or a cologne that smelled kind of like apple pie but not quite. Yes?"

Aster nodded.

"Ah, the mythic's pheromones. He had you there, young lady. And he took you home and had you repeatedly. And since once he had his clothes off you could tell from all the body hair and the outsize dangly bits what you were about to get and you wanted them, a lot."

Another nod.

"Just between us, darling, how many times did he have you?" There was an amused glint in the woman's eye and a look of mischief on her face.

"Four times that night and four more in the morning."

"Impressive! Even for a satyr that's unusual. You say you didn't like him in high school?"

"None of the girls did. He was a weed, an annoying, stuck-up, self-important weed. At least he was back then."

A slow, sympathetic nod followed. "Alright then. Well, come sit, ladies. My name is Calliope and I'm the owner of this place. And I know just exactly what is going to happen because I've already been through it. And you two are . . .?

"Aster and Melanie."

"And is it just you, Aster who's about to begin metamorphosis or is it both of you?"

"Just me," Aster said quietly.

Calliope patted her hand. "Just you, this time. Melanie will get hers. In today's world it's pretty much unavoidable."

Tears began to leak down Aster's cheeks. "But if I change shape too much I'll have to get a whole new wardrobe and I won't be able to pay for my Spring Break trip. We were going to go to Cancun!"

"Oh, poor darling! However, your timing is immaculate. I was just discussing with the CEO that we really need a truthful, graphic video to show new customers. We need a young woman, like yourself, who was very recently mythed who can pose nude for a time-lapse video showing her change shape. Five seconds per day, every day for as long as the metamorphosis takes will show new customers how much more breast and hip they can expect to develop. You don't shave or wax, by any chance, do you?"

"Uh, no."

"Excellent. That means that about three or four days in you will suddenly be smooth all over. I have no doubt that Hal will be only too happy to exchange a pretty complete wardrobe for a month-ish of your time in a video studio so that when Spring Break comes you'll have a new body, a new wardrobe and a paid-for ticket to the riotous week in Cancun. What do you say?"

Aster thought it over. Possibly some residual effect of Nicky's pheromones had some play in her thinking but she had to admit that it was an attractive offer. She'd started saving baby-sitting money, fast-food salary and every other nickel she could get her hooks into from clear back in high school so that she could spend the Spring Break of her college sophomore year in Cancun. She'd heard plenty of stories of the riotous goings on in resorts all over the continent but had set her heart on the Yucatan Peninsula and now it would either be snatched away or she could pose naked. 

Hell, I'm going to turn into a nymph. Whether I want to or not, sex is what they do. So I'm feeling a little shy now. By the time I'm half way through the process I'll be begging for a chance to show off how hot I am. At least, that's what everyone says.

"Okay, I'll do it. Start today?"

"Let me make a phone call or two and we'll start now."

*****

Five weeks later Aster watched the video. It showed a slender young woman walk into a houseplant bedecked room. There she disrobed and, leaning against a dressing table, picked up a mirror and regarded herself calmly. Shortening a month's metamorphosis into two minutes was startling. Her well-shaped B cups swelled up to eight times their mass, eventually filling an E cup but doing so with such firmness and form that they seemed perfectly appropriate. As well, about fifteen seconds into the tape, all her body hair disappeared leaving her smooth from eyebrows to toenails. And naturally her hips broadened to match the expanded 'superstructure' on top. She turned from a slim girl into a voluptuous woman and did it in five weeks.

"I really can't believe that's me. But when I stand and look in the mirror, it has to be. And you say this is the effect of enzymes and proteins pumped into my bloodstream by a GMO fluke?" Aster shook her head in amazement.

"That's the conclusion the CDC arrived at," Calliope nodded sagely. "Whoever could have possibly done it is a total mystery. Genetic manipulation on a scale of that magnitude is far beyond that of any laboratory we know of. Why, it would probably take a century of research before we could do it. It's almost as though it was planted here by some alien species of vastly greater intelligence and sophistication."

Melanie snorted. "And it's probably some alien with tentacles just waiting to plunge them into the virginal orifices of coeds across the globe. Like I believe in that!"

"No one else actually believes that, Melanie," Calliope grimaced, "but on the other hand no one can explain it any other way. In any event since there don't seem to be any real pathologies connected to it the government essentially doesn't care. Now, about your Spring Break . . ."

*****

That evening while Aster was finishing her shower, the doorbell rang.

"I'll get it," Melanie said and turned the knob. "Nicky? What . . .?"

"Aster invited me over after dinner for dessert," the bearded man said with far more aplomb than Melanie remembered him ever having.

"Dessert?"

"Yeah," Aster's voice whispered over her roommate's shoulder, "dessert. You, to be specific."

A scent of something that smelled a bit like apple cider or pie but wasn't wafted across the girl's face as both Nicky and Aster breathed at her. Pheromones, she thought as she felt her thighs melt and begin to open by themselves, they've hit me with the pheromones! They want to make me into a nymph—and there's nothing I can do about it. Even though I want to resist my body doesn't!

"Chemical warfare is cheating," Melanie sighed with a semi-resentful look at the pair, "but in a good kind of way, I guess. Are you gonna have me four times tonight, Nicky?"

A slow smile spread across the bearded man's face. "I was hoping for two with each of you tonight and the same tomorrow morning. Pull her clothes off, Aster."

Aster grabbed the bottom of Melanie's T-shirt and yanked it up, trapping the girl's wrists over her head. Nicky reached around and unfastened her bra and then undid her jeans and jerked them down around her knees. Pulled from behind and held from the front Melanie went over backwards allowing Aster to finish stripping her bare from the waist up and Nicky to jerk her jeans and thong off over her feet. The sensation was alarming but delicious.

Aster, still naked from her shower, pulled her roommate against her bare body and pinning her arms behind her, gripped Melanie's ear with her teeth.

"He's going to fuck you silly," she hissed, "and you're going to eat my pussy while he does it. You're gonna get those flukes bottom and top and if Nicky's really hot for it, up the butt, too. You've never been buggered 'til a satyr shoves his stick in your ass. It's like a baseball bat."

Nicky smiled. Where Aster had been slim and petite before metamorphosis, Melanie was curvy with plenty of ounces to bounce. He could hardly wait to see that flesh start to flow back and forth as he pounded her. Then when he turned her over, those 'girls' would wave forward and back. This was going to be fun.

Melanie, helpless to resist, felt herself laid out on the coffee table. She watched, wide-eyed as Nicky stripped off his shirt to reveal a lion's mane of thick hair on his chest and down his arms. Then he dropped his trousers to reveal the legendary satyrs' manhood. The phallus was so thick Melanie knew she'd never get her fingers all the way around it and the balls that hung beneath were the size of small hens' eggs. Her mouth opened but hard as she tried the word 'No!' never emerged as Nicky stroked it to full operational size. He knelt at the end of the table and, to her consternation she felt her juices flow copiously in anticipation.

"Lift your knees."

Unable to disobey Melanie complied and then gasped as he drove into her with a single thrust. To her amazement he actually got inside her and instead of pain she felt gloriously full in a way she'd never known before. Then Aster straddled the table and descended onto her face.

"Lick me, roomie, lick and suck. Swallow those naughty little flukes, girl, while Nicky pumps your pussy fully of them. We're going to Cancun, Melanie, and we're gonna get so laid. Dudes will be lining up to fuck us six ways from Sunday because we're both going as nymphs and sex is what we do!"

Pulling Melanie's legs up over his shoulders, Nicky began to drive. He had been right. With each thrust a shockwave traveled up her belly to toss her breasts up and back and then the bounce returned just in time to be driven back by another thrust. Her mouth full of Aster's sex, Melanie began to moan and whimper. With each passing moment the pitch increased until the moans and whimpers became chirps and squeals and finally shrieks as uncontrollable spasm wracked her body and Aster's did the same. Now Nicky could get serious and he speeded up until his own needs went beyond his control and with a groan he shot a load of cum and flukes into the girl. But when he withdrew he was still just as hard as before.

"Hands and knees, girl" he snarled, "I'm a long way from finished with you. Get under her face, Aster."

The pussy that had been over her was now under her mouth and Aster was beckoning her down to it with a slow index finger.

"Get that tongue going, roomie," she purred, "You did me so good you get to do me again."

Resistance was futile. The puffy, pink, dripping labia called to her and she dropped to her elbows to pleasure then and savor them anew but just as she began sucking and licking the monster cock penetrated her again forcing out a moan. As Nicky thrust like a fleshy jackhammer, Melanie tried to concentrate on Aster but even with her pheromone clouded brain the distraction from behind was too much and she squealed and yowled like a cat in heat until again he shot a massive load into her.

"You gonna bugger her now, Nicky?" Aster asked with malicious glee.

"Nope," came the answer as the satyr grabber by the hair and pulled her over to the sofa, "bend over nymph and spread those cheeks. It's your slippery ass I want!"

"Ooo, Nicky!" her face a mixture of anticipation and apprehension, Aster followed his instructions and reached back and spread her buttocks wide. Like her labia, Aster's anus glistened with the slippery secretions only nymphs could make. No KY for her, ready for business and pleasure she shivered.

A triumphant smile on his face Nicky lined up the head of his magnified organ. "This is payback for shining me on, Aster. Even if I was a bit of a dick back then the least you could have done was be polite to me. So you're paying for it now. You will, too, Melanie but since I've grown up at least a little since then I'll wait until you're better equipped before I pop that anal cherry."

Grabbing Aster by both hips he put the helmet of his massive cock on her pucker and with a slow, deliberate push impaled her. She squealed. She squealed again when he withdrew and thrust again and kept it up until the squeals changed to squeaks and then to whimpers to moans and finally to chirps and uncontrollable shudders just as Nicky grunted and fired a load into her bowels. Then he kissed both girls on the cheek and went into the bathroom and cleaned up. He kissed them again, very tenderly as he dressed and got ready to leave. 

"Be naughty, nymphs," he said as he left.

Aster looked at Melanie through half-closed eyes. "Humph. 'Be naughty' he says. Like we have any choice. However, tomorrow we're going back to Calliope's. She told me she wanted another film of a girl with a different body type form mine and you're it. But look at it this way. You get free clothing to go to Cancun."

There was something in the way she said it that gave Melanie pause but since she didn't know why, all she did was nod dreamily. Sex with a satyr was something else and she was looking forward to more.