 Aif and Brahm

This chapter relates the second encounter between Aif and Brahm the sorcerer. Aif moved in her twenty-first body, setting us near the end of the Roman empire. Brahm had escaped after their last battle and hid in what we know now as the French Alpes. This is where we find them.

_____________________________________

"What pitiful dwellings you have there my dear Brahm." Brahm heard these words from a voice he did not know, yet recognize.

"Aif. I see you have tricked yet another child into sharing it's flesh."

Brahm turned around and standing at the entrance of his cave was a tall, dark haired woman. 

"Oh this one offered herself willingly. She watches from the back as I use her body to take vengeance upon her enemies."

"How could someone so young have enemies?"

"She was smart. Besides, I like this one, much smaller breasts, so practical. Yet her ass is so ample and round. Truly a good one."

"It's a shame I'll have to destroy it" said Brahm, a flicker of light in his eye. He was a giant of a man, hairy and broad of chest and...well everything. Between his black hair and beard, he had ageless eyes that seemed to peer into your soul. (They actually did, a sorcerer can do that.)

"Now now Brahmy, could we not settle this in another manner?" Aif said seductively, parting her white robes slightly, revealing her pale skin.

"I thought you wanted to kill me for what I did to your apprentices."

Aif slowly walked towards Brahm, gracefully disrobing while avoiding magic circles and candles on the floor of the cavern.

"I slept the other night. You know, really slept. A deep sleep only mortals can achieve. It had been such a long time. And when I woke up, I had an idea. Why should I find new apprentices, when I can just make some!"

Aif was now inches away from Brahm, her white clothes in a puddle at her feet. Brahm could smell the blizzard on her skin, the snowflakes on her hair. The cold never seemed to bother her in any way.

"And you want my help to create such apprentices?"

"Hmmm... silly man. I did not come here to do alchemy. I came here to fuck."

She uttered those last words on Brahm's lips as she kissed his passionately. His rough and calloused hands grabbed her by the waist, and she ran hers down his coat, igniting his clothes with a cold, blue flame. Before long the hungry flames had revealed his naked body, muscular and hard, practical in every way. Without breaking the kiss, Brahm lowered his hands and grabbed Aif's ass firmly. The soft flesh filled his hands as he spread her cheeks, probing with his fingers at the wet slit between her thighs.

Aif gasped and with a huge crash, Brahm was sent flying to the opposite wall of his cave.

"So eager...give a lady a little time."

"I've heard of your deviant ways, witch. I thought devils didn't even go through the trouble of kissing before they stick their prick up your ass."

"You're right, they don't. But you're not an all-powerful being from the primordial realms of hell and you can't grant me magic beyond my comprehension. So behave."

As she said this, Aif sat on a nearby table, her legs crossed. Brahm gave a chuckle and walked slowly towards the witch, his half-erect member already pretty imposing. As he stood right in front of her, even sitting on the table, she was still one or two heads shorter than him. He laid a hand on her thigh and gently tried to part them, but Aif stopped him.

"Nah-ah", she said, waggling her finger. "Diner first."

Brahm gave her another deep look (soul-deep to be exact) and lowered himself on one knee, his face inches away from the soft skin of her legs.

"Let me taste you then."

On these words, Aif opened her legs and Brahm set to kissing his way all the way from her feet to her nethers. Every kiss gave Aif more chills, more pleasure to see this man at her feet. When the final kiss was to be set on her lower lips, he stopped, and Aif could feel his heavy breath on her wet folds. For an agonizing second, Brahm smiled, and just before Aif could turn him into a gerbil for his arrogance, he licked her. The floodgates were open, and the more greedily her ate at her, sucking, licking, tasting her, the harder she grabbed his hair and clawed at his shoulders.

Aif had forgotten what it felt like to spar with an equal, another immortal who had had countless other woman before her; countless dolls before the real thing. Her breathing was erratic as Brahm played with her, sliding a finger into her, and rubbing just the right spot. She hated him for making her feel so good, but there wasn't anyone else she'd rather be with. As she felt herself come closer and closer to climax, she yanked his head back hard, a string of spit still lingering between her and his mouth.

"Wait. Let's not do this like peasants. We are more than that, aren't we?"

Brahm smirked. "I can show you a few tricks your fuck-boys of Babylon would only dream of."

Brahm stepped back a few paces, and started pronouncing words of power. In a blink of an eye, where Brahm was once standing was now three Brahms, each equally naked and their members equally erect.

"My, my... just when I thought I would go thirsty." Aif chuckled, as she slipped from the table and onto the floor, her head just at the right height to suck some magic cocks. She gently took one in her hands, and softly stroke it, feeling the hard meat under her fingers. The warmth and intoxicating smell drove her mad with lust, as she opened her mouth wide and took the monster in.

Around her she could see the two other Brahms stroking their cocks while looking at her, and their gaze made her even more wet. She could not resist fingering herself, while continuing to suck on the giant dick going in and out of her mouth. As she was getting into a rhythm, another Brahm got more confident and started poking at her cheek with his prick, smearing pre-cum on her soft skin, while the other bent down and pinched her nipple. A sharp pain ran through Aif from her tiny breasts, but the did not stop the man. The pain laced with perverted pleasure filled her body in waves, and she found herself wanting more and more to be filled by these men.

As if he heard her thoughts, the Brahm smearing his filth on her cheek grabbed her by the back of the head, and forcefully pushed her towards the man she was sucking. Aif could only widen her eyes in surprise as the enormous cock filled her throat, it's thick meat pulsating inside her. She started to finger herself furiously when one of the Brahms (it did not matter which one at that point) rammed her head back and forth, repeatedly making her deep-throat the huge dick. 

She was being used for his own pleasure now, and Aif found immense pleasure knowing that. She had released total control of her body on to him to do as he pleased, but at a moment's noticed she could rip his heart out of his chest. She held the true power, and he was actually the one being used. 

These thoughts ran through her head as the ramming got faster and faster, until Brahm groaned and she felt a thick load of warm cum fill her throat. She felt cum flowing down to her belly as he gave a last few spasm, before slowly leaving her welcoming throat.

She looked up at the men, tears running down her cheeks, her chin a mess of cum and spit dripping down onto her bare chest. She delighted at the thought of that cum-filled drool running down between her breasts, down her stomach, down to her pussy where she pleasured herself, her juices mixing with cum so perversely obtained.

"Now what to do with you two..."