 I stand outside my apartment sitting there waiting. Madame Web gave me complete instructions to stay outside of my apartment and wait. Which was a little weird because usually Madame would have us doing all the work visiting the client at a certain and private location. But to have a client come to me was something different. 

	"You are one of my favorite and special employees," Madame Web said to me, "a very special client wants to meet you. Believe me she is very special. Which is the reason why I chose you Ophelia. You're not the only one to please a woman, but you are the only one that can get them off the way no other woman or man can." 

A year ago I met a male client who was over obsessive about anthromorphs. He did nothing but feel on my white fur and then he laid me down on his bed sprawled eagle. He stripped down until he was butt naked and jumped on top of me. No foreplay, no kinkiness, he didn't even take his time. He just stuck it in like my pussy was already opened to him before we met. It hurt at first, not because it was my first time but because he didn't give my coochie a chance to get wet enough for his thing to get through. And his thing was not big enough to send me into a frenzy. I felt like one of those animals that were shot and skinned and placed on the floor as a carpet for some asshole to walk on. Lucky for me, the sick perv was quick. It wasn't until I got my first call from a client that happens to be a woman. She was old and wasn't really attractive like I thought. But once we stripped down and she saw my true appearance, she started feeling me up and down on my fur. She took my hand and led me into her bedroom where she laid me down on her soft cushioned sheets. That's when everything turned weird. She started petting me. I know I am a feline anthromorph, but that shit was irritating. Then she moved her hand down my white fur and played with both my breasts. They were bigger than hers, so I figure that is why she seemed so fascinated. Even though her obsessive look was weird, I couldn't complain on how she was touching me. It felt really good. Then she moved her hand down between my furry white thighs. Brushing passed the thick patch of white fur, she found my slit. I nearly gasped at the feel of her fingers rubbing up and down between my pussy lips setting off every nerve in my body. Something I have never felt before in my entire life. To find out more things about my body, the more she rubbed my special place, the wetter I became. So wet that she knew it was easy to slip her fingers through my fleshy folds and play with the inside of my pussy walls. The feel of her strong fingers made my body twitch in ways I thought I was going through spasms or something. 

"Poor little kitty," The creepy woman spoke, "no one has ever pleasured you before like this have they?"

She was right. I never felt like this before. Suddenly my body just erupted like every bullshit I was feeling broke free and came out on her fingers. The creepy woman put her wet fingers to her lips and sucked my wetness in her mouth. It looked gross but I was pleased at the same time. 

I rose up getting my head close to hers and gave her one big lick across the face to thank her. The old creepy lady blushed. 

"You are new to this yes?" The old creepy woman asked. "Come, I will teach you."

And I thought I was supposed to be the professional here. She took me by my furry hand and placed it between her wrinkling thighs. I was afraid at first because I thought my claws were going to cut her insides. That would have been a horror movie waiting to happen. But with careful precision and taking it slow, I was able to make the old lady moan and cry out in total ecstasy. It was fun as hell. I left with money in my hand and sexual release. 

It was then that I begged Madame Web to set me up with women instead of getting fucked by undesirable men. She was skeptical at first, but after she kept getting repeated customers and how they explained how well fucked they were, I became one her best workers. 

"You will wait outside of your apartment," Madame Web ordered, "there will be a limousine to come pick you up and take you to your destination. Remember, get the money first. I know you; you are a romantic with women and get soft. Remember, this maybe pleasurable to the both of you but this is still business. And you want to get paid don't you?" I nodded vehemently. "Good," she said petting me on my black hair. I don't know why she did that. She knows that's annoying, "let's get to work shall we?"

And that is how I ended up here. Many people know me in the neighborhood, but they don't know me know me. All they see is someone wearing a big, black, and long cloak with a golden, cat, mask covering my face. Some people have heard of my kind and while some (men) come up and try to flirt with me, I ignore them and walk away. They didn't try to pursue me which means they were interested in one thing and one thing only. Unless they were going to pay me for it, I was not interested. 



So here I was in the middle of the night wearing the same clothing I always wear and waiting for my ride. I felt like going back inside where there was the heat. The cloak and my fur were not thick enough to shield me from the cold night breeze. But I had orders. And bills needed to be paid. 

Suddenly I see a long black limousine drive up and park right in front of my apartment and right on time. The driver's side door opened and out popped a tall, slender, white man wearing a black suit and tie with a black cap on his head that every limousine driver wears. He spotted me coming close to the lengthy car as he walked around and stopped all the way down the end of the vehicle. He opened it and stood there waiting for me without saying a word. 

I got in and was simply impressed with the interior of the place. There was leather, cushioned, seats lining up all along the sides of the vehicle. On the ceiling there were white, fluorescent, lights lining along the sides of the car. To my left there was champagne stuck in a bucket full of ice cubes and two champagne glasses on the side. A vehicle like this I would have thought there would be a anthromorph party in here. Or we were going to pick up more of my kind as he drove along. 

"Miss," The driver spoke from the driver's side, "you are allowed to have some refreshments while we are on our way. Miss. Ruben would like her company comfortable and relaxed when we get there. So please have fun."

By myself? The driver pushed a button and a tinted window that separated the driver's side from the back seat slowly rose up and closed leaving me alone with the champagne. Like the driver requested, I took off my golden cat mask and took the champagne and one glass. I carefully unscrewed the cap and carefully poured the red liquid into the glass, just enough to test the taste of it and not a lot to accidentally spill it. It tasted cold and sharp, when it went down my throat it warmed the rest of my body. I didn't know what to expect when I get too Miss. Ruben's place, so I poured some more of the red wine just so I can relax a little. I stopped when I felt a little tipsy. I didn't want to end up drunk and meet the woman acting a fool. I put the champagne and glass back and put my golden cat mask back on feeling relaxed and stress free, just like the limo driver said I would. 

I didn't bother to look outside. Maybe I should've since I was going to some place unknown and in case I needed to use some of my cat like skills in self defense to get out, I'll be able to find my way back. Hopefully. But I think the alcohol got to me to the point I didn't care. I just wanted to meet this rich bitch, get my money, and get the hell out. 

Suddenly the limo started to slow down which gave me the impression that we were finally here. When it finally stopped, I heard the limo driver get out of the driver's seat and walk around the vehicle and then open the door for me to step out. When I got out I expected a small or mediocre house but I looked up and realized how wrong I was. 

The place was built out of solid, tan, brick. It was probably two stories high with a lot of rectangular windows. Some big and others small. It was wider than the apartment complex I was living in. I looked behind me and I see an acre of land or garden with clean green grass nicely cut. Around the house there were flowers of all shapes, sizes, and beautiful colors. I was not staring at any normal house. I was dropped off at a mansion! 

"This way ma'am," The limo driver said leading me to a nicely, wooden, decorated door. 

With a key the owner must have trusted him with; the limo driver unlocked the door and opened it. He stepped aside and tilted his hat letting me know that it was nice meeting me and goodbye. 

I nervously and carefully walked in looking around. The floor looked like it was made out of marble. There was a chandelier hanging up on the ceiling that lightens the whole area. Marble colored steps led up to the second floor. I didn't dare go anywhere on my own but I can tell there were more rooms than I expected. 

"You like what you see?" I looked up following the voice on the second floor. A woman, more beautiful than the old hag, stood over the railing looking down at me with this cryptic smile as if she knew the answer to her own question, but was more fun for me to figure out. She walked to the side and slowly made her way down the steps. As she came closer I got a full view of her face and body. She had long, perm, dirty brown hair. Her eyes were almond brown. Her cherry red lipstick matched the dress she was wearing. She was tall but not as tall as me. The look she gave me showed seriousness, confidence, as well as beauty. "So I take it that you enjoyed your ride all the way up here?" The way she asked that question let me know that she was European, probably French. But she spoke English perfectly. 

A smile spread across her face as if she has been waiting for this moment for the whole day. "Well, since you are here there is no point in standing around. Follow me."

The woman or Miss. Ruben, what I heard, turned to her left and walked off. Like she ordered I followed right behind her. 

"As you know this is a very big house," Miss. Ruben continued even though I disagreed this was a house, "I know we are going to one room, but after our session in a few minutes I'll give you a welcoming tour." 

Miss. Ruben led me into a room where there was one long red couch. I wasn't a specialist in furniture or anything, but something told me the texture and cushioning of the couch made it look like it was very expensive. Ahead was a fireplace with the fire burning ever so brightly. Above it was a 90 inch, flat screen, television. The biggest I have ever seen in my entire life. The fire dancing in the fireplace was the only light in the room. I looked down to see there was one big blue blanket on the white carpet floor. I guess I can figure out what the set up is about. The dark room lit up only by the fireplace. The sleeping blankets sprawled on the floor. The whole scene looked romantic. Like a room made for two human lovers. Not anthromorphs like me. But whatever floated her boat. 

"I want you to stand over there." Miss. Ruben ordered sitting on her comfortable, satin, couch. I saw her reach over to the side of the couch for another bucket with a champagne bottle in ice cubes and a long sharp glass beside it. She opened the bottle and poured what looked like white wine in the glass halfway. She placed the open bottle back in the bucket and went back into her position sitting on the couch drinking her wine. 

I did like she ordered walking over to the fireplace. "Careful hun," Miss. Ruben warned taking a sip of her white wine, "with all that you have on, we don't want you to get too close and catch on fire now do we?"

The rich bitch had a point. I was wearing a heavy amount of clothing to cover my whole body. One spark of the flame jumping on my cloak and I can kiss my hairy ass goodbye. So I try not to stand too close to the fireplace. 

Miss. Ruben crossed her legs. I didn't notice it at first because there was not enough light in the room. But if my eyes didn't deceive me, I can see that there was some dark hair on the lower part of her legs. Not hairy as me but enough that for a normal human man or woman, it would be unattractive. My kind, on the other hand, welcome men and women with hair. It is a sign of maturity and that we were dealing with grownups. Not perverted little kids that want to get laid. 

She was barefooted with red toes nails that were nicely manicured. Miss. Ruben leaned back on the couch taking another sip of her wine. She looked like a James Bond villain who was unworried because she finally had her opponent where she wants him. 

"I want you to do something Ophelia," Miss. Ruben spoke in a cool, seductive way, "that is your name right? Or should I call you, "O"?"

I had a feeling Madame Web would tell her my name. But I never expected Miss. Ruben to give me a nickname. I just nodded in agreement. 

"Okay O. I want you to take off that thing you call a mask and that black abomination you call clothing," I took offensive to that, "after you take all that off, throw that garbage way over there so it is out of my view. After I have you totally naked, I want you to do a dance for me. You know something sensual, sexy."

My heart started to beat really fast. I usually just meet people for foreplay and sex, but entertainment was not my thing. That's when I started to get nervous. But this was a job and like any job the customer (Or client) is always right. If I wanted the money this badly, I had to do whatever it takes. No matter how humiliating. 

I first took off my gloves showing her my white, furry, black clawed hands. Then I reached up and took hold of my golden, cat, mask and slowly took it off like it was the grand finale. I pulled back my hood and shook my black hair loose. My pointed, white ears, shot out of my hair. I can't tell you how relieved I was to set my nozzle free. I stared at her with my brown, almond, eyes innocent like a little kitten. 

A big red smile spread across Miss. Ruben's face. "Well, aren't you the cute little kitten." I looked down shyly and back at her. "I believe you are not finished?"

I reached into the center of my cloak and pulled it open and threw it aside away from Miss. Ruben's view just like she ordered. I stood before half naked in my black bra and panties. 

Miss Ruben's eyes shot open in surprise. "Well isn't this a surprise. I never knew your kind shared the same decency as us humans."

I was human for her information. I knew that Miss. Ruben wanted to see more, so I reached behind my back and unsnapped my bra and took it off. Then I placed my claws around the elastic band of my panties and pulled them down to my pawed feet. I picked up both of them and threw them aside with the rest of my clothing. I stood posing with my hands on my wide hips and my long white tail whipped out behind me. 

I gave Miss. Ruben full view of my body in the light of the fire. My breasts may have been furry, but they were big with my pink, marble size, nipples poking outwards.

By the obsessed look on Miss. Ruben's face, I can tell she approved. "Well I be damned," She spoke neglecting her wine ever since I started stripping, "Madame Web was right about you. You are special." She reached over and placed her drink back on the glass table beside the couch and returned back to her sitting position staring hard at my (What she probably thinks) magnificent body. "I believe you owe me a dance?"

Oh yeah. I totally forgot about that. I had to think about how I was going to do this at first. But once the idea came to mind, I began my talent show. I moved my hands up in the air while I moved my hips from side to side in a sultry dance that resembled a concubine doing an exotic Arabic dance in a harem for her sultan. Then I did this move I didn't anticipate. I started moving my waist in a slow but seductive circle. By the way Miss. Ruben was licking her lips, I was doing everything right. 

"Enough darling," Miss. Ruben ordered, "now come to me my little kitten."

Trying to keep in character, I got on my hands and knees and slowly crawled towards her like a cat would crawl to his/her master. When I got too Miss. Ruben's knees, I place my hands on her knees. Miss. Ruben leaned in closer to my face and out of instinct; I gave her lips one big lick. I can smell the expensive perfume heightening my senses and my sexual prowess. 

"Come my little kitten," Miss. Ruben ordered but made it sound seductive as well as demanding, "let me dance for you."

Glad that Miss. Ruben was willing to give me rest for a minute, I jumped up on the couch while she stood up and walked over to the fireplace. She started making this dance, not as well as me, but it was something. She unbuttoned her blouse taking it off showing her black bra like me. Then she reached behind and unzipped her dress throwing them both aside away from my view. She was in her black bra and panties now. I guess when it came to lingerie; we both had some things in common. Miss. Ruben reached around and unsnapped her bra and throwing them to the side revealing to me her breasts. Unlike mine, her breasts were small. I little cheek hung from the areole, but small none the less. Her abdomen flexed with abs. I can tell she works out often. 

Last but not least were her panties. I saw her place her thumb around the elastic waist band and pulled them down to her bare feet. She kicked them aside but not far enough that they were out of my view. Miss. Ruben stood with her hands on her hips and posed for me. 

Everything looked perfect until I looked down between her legs. At her vagina was a very thick patch of pubic hair that covered her inner sanctum and thighs. My eyes popped open in surprise. I have seen women and men try to master the pubic invasion, but this one should win an award. 

"Does the little kitty like?" Miss. Ruben asked. 

I didn't say a word. Neither did I make any motion such as shake my head or nod. I just kept staring at her body. 

Pleased with herself, Miss. Ruben sashayed over to me and sat next to me on the couch. All clients who have a strong fetish of anthromorphs are curious on what our fur feels like. Our body fur is different from any dog, cat, or any animal people use for pets. But for us anthromorphs we feel differently, we touch differently. 

Miss. Ruben began feeling on my naked white fur up and down. To me it was nothing. I'm used to the touch. But something was different about her. Something in her eyes made my body respond to her touches. 

"You like movies my little kitty?" Miss. Ruben asked seductively. "I love watching movies." 

Miss. Ruben reached to the other side of the couch and I saw that she picked up a remote. I thought we were supposed to fuck, not have a romantic night. Miss. Ruben pointed the remote at the 90 inch television flat screen hanging on the wall above the fireplace. With the press of one button the screen switch on and I was taken aback of what we were watching. 

On the screen was a group of naked women bunched up in big sexual orgy. The women were frenching each other, touching each other in their special places, and some getting eaten out. There were no toys or any strap on objects that were used on the women. Just the beauty and sexual skill of experienced women enjoying each other's company. But something was off. I looked closely and noticed that the women all had hairy pussies. And to make matters even more stranger, some of the women looked animalistic as if cat like. I wasn't certain for sure until I looked closely. There was a black hair anthromorph white tigress who was licking and kissing a woman who looked Thai. A she Zebra licking between another woman's hairy thighs. A lioness fingering another woman who was African. Who were these people and where were they when they were videotaping this?
