 This may be getting out of hand for Amy. 

*

I was quiet all through breakfast. Sarah and mom talked about school, work, and other mundane stuff. Me, I was too preoccupied with the fact that I had a magically appearing and disappearing porn-worthy dong. Part of me wanted to tell them, these two people that I trusted the most in the world. The rest of me convinced me that I would be a fucking lunatic to do so.

So, resigned to my fate of keeping this secret for the rest of my life, I kept my mouth shut. Sarah and Mom kept chatting away long after we were finished eating. As Sarah animated the conversation with her hands, I watched her big lovely breasts bounce now and then. Part of me wanted to steal her away from my mom and up to my room, so that I could burry my face in the warm valley of Sarah's tits. Or even better, I could burry my cock there. I bet that would feel really good.

The tight feeling low in my body grew, then released, and I felt my cock coming out of my slit.

"Bathroom!" I yelped and shot up from the table, running upstairs.

"Too much juice, I guess," Mom giggled, and Sarah joined her.

In the bathroom, I yanked my shirt up. Sticking above the waistband of my shorts, there was the fat head of my dick, already oozing precum. It was so hard that even in my tight cotton shorts, it strained away from my body.

Weren't these things supposed to stay soft after you played with them?

"Dammit," I groaned.

How was I supposed to hide something like this at college, or anywhere else, for that matter? I was pretty good at sewing, and as I gaped at the magnificent dong sticking out of my groin, I already had some ideas for covering this up. I mean, this damn thing was bound to stand up to attention any time I got aroused, wasn't it? After all, hot girls were abundant there, and I shared over half of my classes with Sarah, and she was more than hot enough to get me aroused, it seemed.

For a few minutes, I pondered what would happen if I saw an attractive guy. Would my dick appear then? Oh, shit. Was I forever relegated to being with women? I mean, what guy in his right mind would ever want to be with a girl like me?

My dick throbbed, jerking me out of my thoughts. Dammit, I couldn't leave the bathroom like this. I had to make this thing go away.

Okay, I could do this.

I started jerking off. It felt good, but I knew it could feel better, and that would make this go a lot quicker. Raising my hand, I spit generously into my palm and slicked up my cock, stroking up and down.

Oh yeah. Much better.

Having the forethought to avoid making a mess, I raised the toilet seat and stood in front of it. Spitting into my other hand, I double-fisted my dick, amazing that there appeared to be cock to spare for a third hand. Seemed that the harder I got, the longer I got too. Up and down my hands flew, wet and noisy over my spit-laden shaft. Soon I was thrusting my hips back and forth, fucking both of my hands.

This was the first time I had masturbated only my penis, completely neglecting my pussy, and the delicious pressure that was building inside me was unlike anything I'd ever felt. It grew and grew, like a balloon swelling somewhere between my ass and cunt, but deep inside me. The core of my body burned. My dong throbbed, growing hotter and harder.

"Oh my...uhnn!"

I gasped and bent over, angling my cock down just in time for the first explosion of thick cum to erupt into the toilet. I jacked my hands up and down my bucking shaft furiously, unwittingly getting spunk on my upper hand. The addition of the slick feeling was amazing, and the new sensation seemed to rocket my climax up another level. Load after hot steamy load of spunk poured into the toilet.

Using the hand that wasn't covered in jizz, I braced myself on the tank of the toilet and hovered there, squeezing out the last of my load into the commode with an audible splash. Looking down at my flagging erection, I shook my head.

"What am I going to do with you?" I asked my dick.

I laughed at the absurdity of it.

"Go away," I told it.

And it did. I hadn't seen it happen before, but now I was paying attention. There was the same strange sucking sensation between my legs, and before my eyes, my limp dick drew back into my body, disappearing beneath my clit. Conveniently enough, I suppose, my labia served to scrape away the thick cum on the retreating penis too, though that did leave a mess of spunk on my pussy.

Cleaning up, I flushed the toilet, got dressed, washed my hands, and stepped out of the bathroom.

"Girls," Mom called from the living room. "I'm going to the store. Need anything?"

"No, mom," I replied, heading for my room, then paused. "Wait, yes!"

I bounced into the foyer where mom was waiting for me.

"What do you need, honey?"

"Um, could you pick me up some, well..." I stammered. My mom and I were pretty open with our sexuality. For example, she knew Sarah had gotten me a dildo, and I think Mom would rather me fuck a fake dick than a real one. Hell, I was pretty sure my mom knew what Sarah and I did for each other now and then. Lowering my voice, I leaned in and whispered. "Could you pick me up some lube?"

Mom leaned back and blinked wide eyes at me. Shit. Was she going to say no? She surprised me with a giggle. "Sure thing, baby."

Loving that she was so understanding, I gave her a hug and thanked her, seeing her out.

I jumped when Sarah came out of nowhere and slapped my ass.

"Let's jump in the pool!" she squealed, running out the patio door in her bright red bikini, towel over her shoulder.

I shook my head and laughed, went upstairs, changed into my blue bikini, and headed back downstairs. Sarah was already swimming laps. I was more concerned about getting a sunburn, pale skin and all, so I only swam for about ten minutes, then climbed out and watched her swim while I smeared lotion all over me.

Finished putting sunblock on my feet, I looked up to see Sarah stepping out of the pool. Her arms were up, hands behind her head, wringing out her hair. Her big beautiful chest was thrust out, and one of her legs was bent at the knee, standing on the toes of that foot. The very lower edge of the swells of her breasts shimmered wetly, barely contained by her top. Her hips were sharply defined too, and it occurred to me they made for perfect hand holds. Wow, she was gorgeous. I wished I only looked half that pretty.

"What?" she grinned, catching me ogling her body.

I shook my head. "Nothing. You're just really pretty."

Sarah slowly smiled at that, and if I wasn't mistaken, she blushed a little too.

Taking a seat beside me, she flicked her gaze at the bottle of lotion. "Do me?"

"Sure," I nodded and picked up the bottle.

I started at her feet, working my way up her ankles and shapely calves. Her thighs were firmly muscled but soft to the touch, more womanly than mine, I always thought. She untied her top as I neared her lush derriere. The sight of the sides of her full breasts made my mouth water. I straddle her thighs to work my way up her back, kneading the tension out of her muscles.

"Oh, that feels good," she cooed softly.

I smiled. To get to her shoulders, I had to lean over her. Fortunately, this gave me the excuse to practically lay down on her. Unfortunately, this was incredibly arousing, and I pulled back just before my cock slid out of my body.

"You okay back there?" Sarah asked and started to push up to look at me, but I put my hand on the back of her head and pushed her down. "Oof!"

"Just fine. Lay still," I told her.

"Okay, okay," she laughed and settled back down to get comfortable.

As I rubbed lotion into her arms, I moved up to straddle her lower back, twisting to and fro to reach her long lean arms. I was getting hard and harder. My bikini bottoms were strained to the point where it was getting uncomfortable. As I rubbed lotion into Sarah's armpits, the bottom of my palms brushed against the sides of her soft breasts. In response, my libido soared, and my erection popped free. I glanced down in shock to see over half of it sticking out of my bikini bottoms.

Shit!

Trying not to hurry, I finished applying lotion to Sarah, then threw myself face down on the lounger beside her. Sarah looked at me and smiled.

"Want me to get your back?"

I sighed. "Sure."

Sarah lotioned me up much as I had her, sitting on my thighs at first. Unfortunately, her weight pushed my cock down into the lounger, and the pressure on it felt so good that I groaned out loud.

"Oh, you like that, huh?" Sarah teased.

"Mmm-hm," I moaned, wishing I could tell her why.

Her fingers were magic against my skin, both soothing and riling, making my blood rush hotly, and apparently, most of it surged into my cock. It was throbbing almost painfully by the time she untied my top and worked the lotion into my sides, taking a generous amount of time at the sides of my breasts. With a soft chuckle, Sarah pushed her hands under my chest and fully cupped my tits. Her fingers pinched my nipples and my cock jerked so hard I thought it would punch right through the lounger.

"Oh gawd," I groaned.

Sarah laughed and withdrew her hands, moving back to lie down on her lounger. "You're such a horn dog."

I sighed, desperate for release, my dong pulsing and throbbing with every beat of my heart. I wanted so badly to run into the house and jerk off, but I had a feeling that as strangely as I'd been behaving this morning, Sarah would follow me and not let it go. So, I just lay there and bided my time. After nearly an hour, my aching cock finally softened and withdrew into my very wet pussy. After another hour of baking on our backs, we went for a long swim, then baked some more to dry off.

"Okay," I said breathlessly around noon, sitting up and swinging my legs over the side of the lounger. "I'm heading in."

"K," Sarah said sleepily. "I'll be in a bit."

"K."

Upstairs, I took a quick but cool shower. I was so tired, not just physically from the sun, but mentally too, what with the magic dick situation and all. I flopped onto the bed and curled up on my side, falling fast asleep.