 Welcome back, and thank you for reading.

*****

Chapter 2

"Was it really that bad?"

I glared over my knees at Sarah. She was sitting at the foot of my bed with her legs crossed, leaning forward with interest, while I sat much the same at the opposite end, my back against the headboard. My knees were drawn up and I clutched a fluffy pillow to my chest.

"Well, I guess it wasn't bad," I sighed, rolling my eyes. I looked into Sarah's blue eyes and blew hair out of my face. "It wasn't great though."

"Oh, honey," she frowned, setting her hand on my foot reassuringly. "What happened?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. He just didn't wait for me, I guess."

Sarah made a face. "Don't tell me he started before you were even wet."

"No, I was wet."

She narrowed her pretty eyes. "Are you sure?"

I laughed and threw the pillow at her. "Yes, I'm definitely sure."

Sarah caught the pillow and giggled, then dropped it into her lap. "How are you sure?"

Grinning crookedly, I grabbed the floppy dildo out of my nightstand and held it up. "I could have taken something twice as thick as this and been fine."

Her eyes widened, and she grinned back. "Wow. Really?"

"Okay, probably not," I rolled my eyes again and dropped the dildo into my drawer, closing it.

Staring at me, Sarah smiled and dropped the pillow on the floor, leaning forward once more. "So, did you get to come?"

I sighed and slumped down the headboard until I was almost lying down, pouting up at her. "No."

With a devious grin, Sarah got up onto her hands and knees and crawled up to me, close and closer until her big breasts were touching my knees. "Want me to make it better?"

I felt the corners of my mouth turn up. Sarah's hair was as dark as mine, but twice as long, though she kept it in a braid most of the time. Tonight though, she let it spill down her back freely. Her big boobs looked incredible beneath the tight red tank top she was wearing. It was short, letting me see the smooth tan skin of her stomach and sides. Other than that and very skimpy red lace panties, she wore nothing else. Like I said, Sarah was beautiful, and if I could fuck her properly, I'd do it in a heartbeat. If only I were a guy.

"Come on, honey," she cooed, slipping her hands between my knees and spreading my legs. "Let me make it all better."

"What did you have in mind?" I asked. Of course, I was pretty sure I already knew the answer, but it always got me hot when we just came right out and said what we were thinking at times like this.

Smiling wider, Sarah slid her warm hands around the outside of my thighs, then up to my hips. Her fingers curled around the thin straps of my panties. "Oh, I don't know," she said innocently, then slowly peeled my panties off. "I thought I might make you come in my mouth."

My entire body shivered with delight. Sarah giggled. She loved the effect she had on me. I watched her hungrily as she dropped my panties on the floor and openly ogled my bare pussy. Like Sarah, I kept myself smoothly shaved, except for a small upside down triangle of soft brown curls above my slit. She'd taught me how to do it.

Completely unlike Trevor, Sarah didn't just dive in for my cunt. Instead, she lazily crawled up my body and lowered her mouth to kiss and lick my stomach. As she crawled further up my body, she raised her head to smile at me. Even though they were under her shirt, her warm breasts and hard nipples dragging along the front of me had my full attention. Sarah noticed me staring at her tits and sat back on her heels. She shook her chest from side to side, making her boobs jiggle back and forth beneath her tank top.

"Would you like to see them first?" she asked, touching her bottom lip with her finger.

I laughed softly, loving the way she teased me. "Yes."

Grinning, Sarah smoothly pulled her tank top off and tossed it aside. Her beautifully full breasts spilled out. They were so firm they had no sag at all, and they were capped with big swollen nipples that were made to be sucked on.

Grabbing my hands, Sarah jerked me up into a sitting position. "Your turn."

Before I could say anything, she peeled my tight tee shirt off of me and tossed it aside. My nipples hardened at the cool air instantly.

"I wish I had breasts like yours," I told her.

"I love your tits, Amy. They're so tight and soft," Sarah said, cupping my much smaller breasts in her hands. Her thumbs rubbed over my nipples, making me gasp. "And I love how hard your nipples get."

With that, Sarah leaned over and cupped one of my breasts, taking the tip into her mouth. Her mouth was warm and wet, her tongue licking firmly over my nipple, then she would suck my tit into her mouth, taking as much as she could. Reaching up, I slid my fingers into Sarah's soft hair, relishing the texture and warmth of it in my hands. Sarah gave my breast a hard suck and bit down on my nipple, making things tighten low in my body.

"God, I love how you work me up," I sighed.

Sarah grinned up at me. "Then you'll love this."

Her fingers spread open my swollen sex and plunged inside me. I bowed my back, thrust up onto her hand. Sarah turned her hand palm up, then curled her fingers back in a come-here gesture, fingertips rubbing over that spot inside me.

I tried to cry out, but she stole it with her lips, tongue plunging into my mouth.

"You're so wet, baby," Sarah cooed softly, licking my lower lip. "Can you come for me?"

I cried out into her mouth again, hands fisted in her hair, crushing her mouth to mine, kissing her hard and deep. Her fingers tormented me, stroking me firmly, gently, and so surely. Sarah worked me higher and higher, the pressure building in my body until I couldn't stand it. She brought me screaming into her mouth. Her tongue licked the roof of my mouth, then farther, flicking against my throat.

If I worshiped any part of Sarah's body, believe me, it was that incredibly long tongue of hers. Drawing away from me, Sarah withdrew her fingers from my climaxing cunt and raised her glistening hand to her mouth, licking my juice from her fingers.

"I love the way you taste," she breathed, then kissed me hard and quick. "Ready to come in my mouth?" she asked sweetly.

I laughed breathlessly and pushed her head down my body.

"So eager," she teased, licking my stomach and hip.

Grabbing my ass in both hands, Sarah pushed my legs outside of her arms, held me tight, then clamped her mouth over my burning sex.

I stifled a scream of joy by biting down on my arm. It was late at night, and my mom slept on the other side of the house, but waking up to screams and finding her daughter being eaten out by her best friend was not the climatic conclusion to the night that I was looking for.

My hips were bucking up and down, but Sarah held fast, licking up and down my folds, slurping at my nectar, sucking my clit.

"That's it, baby," she breathed over my cunt. "Come for me."

I felt her widen her mouth over my seething core, then she plunged her tongue deep inside me. I bit my arm harder, screaming into it, every deep lick of her tongue against my insides driving me wild. Her tongue slid out of me and she attacked my clit with her mouth, then plunged two fingers into me.

"Come on, baby," she urged me huskily. "Give me your cum."

Curling her fingers against that spot deep inside me, Sarah brought me again, clenching down onto her fingers so tightly that it felt like a cock in me. She moaned and groaned, mouth still locked on my body, slurping away as I came and came, drinking me down. I wasn't a squirter or anything like that, but I could get incredibly wet when I came hard enough. Sarah made me come that hard. I could tell she was swallowing between breaths.

Still, she didn't stop. Sarah licked me until I was shaking in her grasp.

"No more," I gasped. "Please, baby. No more."

Laughing, Sarah finally let me go. She pushed up onto her arms and crawled up my body. Grabbing her head, I pulled her to me and kissed her deeply. Her mouth and chin were slick from me, but I didn't care. When I finally let her go, she laid down beside me, resting her head on my shoulder and caressing the front of my sweaty body with her warm hand.

"Mmm, that was nice," she cooed.

I tried to roll over on top of her to reciprocate, but she held me down.

"Uh-uh," she shook her head, kissing my breast.

"Why not?"

"That was for you, Amy," she told me sweetly. "Besides, I know you don't like doing that."

That was only partially true. Granted, I wasn't crazy about going down on her, at least not like she did me, but I loved that I could give her pleasure, and I loved the way she tasted too, so I told her as much.

"I love the way you taste, Sarah," I said softly, kissing her hair.

She smiled against my breast, running her fingers through the small patch of hair on my mound. "That's sweet."

"It's true though."

Sarah's fingers slid further between my legs, into my swollen sex, making me shiver. Pushing up onto her elbow to look at me, she brought her hand to her mouth and sucked my wetness from her fingers.

"I know," she smiled sleepily. "But like I said, that was just for you."

I smiled back and kissed her.

"Oh, I almost forgot," she said. Sarah rolled away from me and came back with her purse. She withdrew something wrapped in velvet and sat on the side of the bed, handing it to me. Honestly, I was kind of distracted by her glorious tits. "Happy birthday, baby."

"Oh, Sarah," I gushed, sitting up and accepting the gift. "But it's not until tomorrow."

She shrugged. "I know, but I didn't wanna wait."

I hugged the present to my chest. Whatever was inside the velvet, it was hard. "You didn't have to get me anything."

"Yeah, right," she laughed. "Come on. Open it up."

Unwrapping the velvet, I held the gift up to see it. It was a beautifully carved marble statue about half a foot long, depicting a nude woman lying on her back, one knee raised, arms extended above her head. The detail was incredible. Her expression was one of ecstasy, and between her slightly spread thighs I could even make out the lips of her sex.

"Wow," I breathed, admiring the statue. "Sarah, it's beautiful."

She bounced on the mattress, which made me admire her tits again. "The shopkeeper told me it's an idol of Freyja."

"Who's Freyja?" I asked, looking at the idol.

Sarah moved to sit beside me. "She's a Norse goddess of love, beauty, fertility, and some other stuff." I looked at her and she continued. "Anyway, the lady at the store was sweet, but weird too."

"What do you mean?"

"When I told her I was looking for a present for your birthday, she asked what you meant to me."

I swallowed nervously. I'd never asked how Sarah felt about me. I loved her. In fact, I was pretty sure I loved her too much. "What did you say?"

She smiled and caressed my thigh with her hand. "I told her that you're my best friend, that I love you."

"Really?" I smiled, blushing furiously. "You said that?"

Sarah grinned and kissed me softly. "Told you that you taste good."

I laughed. "Stop messing around."

She giggled. "Anyway, the lady told me that since it was a gift to someone I love, the idol would have special powers. She said you could make a wish, but it has to be something really important to you as a person, something that could change your life."

"Really," I made a face.

Sarah shrugged and smiled. "So, what's your wish?"

"Isn't it against the rules for me to say it out loud?"

"Only when blowing out candles on a cake, silly," she tickled me briefly, then returned her hand to my thigh. "Go ahead. Make your wish."

Looking at the statue, I ran my fingertips over the cool surface, and again, I marveled at the incredible detail. I could actually feel Freyja's stiff nipples. I looked at Sarah, held her chin and kissed her softly, at length.

I spoke softly against her lips, putting my heart and soul into what I said. "I wish I could fuck you properly."

Sarah laughed and kissed me with fervor. "I like the sound of that."

Laughing with her, I set the statue down on my nightstand, then quickly straddled Sarah, pinning her wrists against the bed.

"What are you doing?" she squealed as I nuzzled her breasts, licking and nipping at the wonderfully soft skin around her nipples.

"Just throwing a little feeling into my wish," I grinned, then moved down her body.

No, I wasn't crazy about going down on girls. But I loved going down on Sarah.