 Here's where things get...strange.

Chapter 3

I woke in the morning from an intensely erotic dream. My wish had come true. I'd been fucking Sarah, with a penis. My penis. When I came to, I was humping the mattress. I almost laughed at the futility of it. Sarah was already up and about, evident by my searching arm not finding her in bed with me. Blinking my eyes open, I groggily sat up to get out of bed. The cool air hardened my nipples painfully, not to mention the hardwood floor turned my bare feet to ice. I'd forgotten that we'd fallen asleep naked.

Gathering up a change of clothes, I made my way to the bathroom down the hall from my room. I could hear Sarah and my mom laughing in the kitchen. Both of them were early risers, whereas I always slept in a bit. They'd probably been up for over an hour, gabbing away. Sarah got along with Mom almost better than I did. I smiled, overhearing Sarah going on about some hot stud that worked in my mom's office, trying to talk her into asking him out on a date.

Mom deserved a date. My father left us when I was fifteen, and mom hadn't dated but twice since then. Sending a little hope mom's way that Sarah would be successful into talking her into dating mom's coworker, I stepped into the shower.

The hot water felt fantastic against my skin. Running my hand down between my legs, I remembered Sarah touching me there, the feel of her mouth on me, tongue pushing inside. I smiled at the memory. Things low in my body tightened, and I couldn't help myself. Putting my foot up on the lip of the tub, I rubbed myself until I was good and wet, then pushed two fingers inside my heated sex, rubbing and caressing. The tight feeling inside of me grew and grew, almost to the point of pain, and when I came, I climaxed so hard that I almost fell on my ass. Slumping down in the tub on my back, the shower beating down on my groin, I relaxed and caught my breath.

After a few minutes, there was something strange about the way the water felt against my crotch and stomach. It felt good. Actually, it felt really good. That tight feeling in my body was gone, and with it came an inexplicable sense of freedom. Having no idea what that was all about, I pushed up onto my elbows. I was about get up to my feet when I saw something that almost made me scream. I had to blink several times and rub my eyes to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. There, between my legs, lying against my stomach, was a penis.

Holy shit!

I closed my eyes and pinched my arm, certain I was dreaming, but the feel of the shower against my apparent erection didn't go away, and when I looked at it again, the penis was still there. I sat bolt upright and gawked at my groin. No, this wasn't a penis. It was far too big for that. This was a cock.

Oh my God. The wish.

Could the storekeeper have been telling the truth? Was my wish granted by the statue of Freyja?

Hesitantly, I touched the long hard cock with my fingertips. Sure enough, I felt the soft touch of my fingers against the shaft, and it felt good. Okay, it was real. In a panic, I felt lower between my legs and breathed a sigh of relief when I found that I still had a vagina. Okay, I was still a girl. Right?

I was too stunned to think of anything else, like the implications of what this could mean. I could think of nothing but the hard organ sticking up from my groin. I felt around gently with my fingers, running the tips up the lips of my pussy and around the base of the shaft. At first, I thought the phallus might have replaced my clit, but then I found it, pressed up under its hood behind the shaft sticking out of me.

As I was exploring, there was a loud knock on the bathroom door.

"Honey, you almost done?" Mom asked.

I almost hyperventilated. Please, God, don't let her come in here.

"Yeah, mom!" I shouted back.

"Okay, well, breakfast is ready."

"Be right there!"

I jumped up to my feet and reached past the shower curtain to grab a towel, but stopped halfway when the head of my dick poked the curtain, making me look at it. Now that I was standing, the alien penis was angled away from my body, letting me get my first good look at it. Good Lord in Heaven...it was huge! Wondering how big it was, I wrapped my hand around the shaft.

Ohhhhh, I really shouldn't have done that.

The feel of my soft hand around my dick was amazing. Before I knew what I was doing, my hand was gently exploring my length. I could just get my thumb and forefinger around the shaft, it was that thick. When I bent it down to point away from me, it looked positively massive, but oh man, it felt good when I did that. Before I knew it, I was masturbating, or more appropriately, jerking off.

I wouldn't say it felt better than when I diddled my clit, but the sensation was so new, so alien to me, that it felt fantastic. Angling the cock to point up, I saw that the head reached my belly button. Marveling at the size of the thing, I watched in awe as it began to throb in my hand, and at the same time, that tightness in my sex returned. It was the same, but not. I can't really describe it, except that as I pumped my hand up and down the shaft, the tightness inside of me grew. It was like right before I came, only a lot more intense. I could feel my arousal leaking down my thighs. With my other hand, I pushed a finger into my aching cunt, then two, curling the tips against that spot. The stroking of my cock felt even better. It hit me so fast, there was no warning. My pussy clamped down on my fingers and the most amazing sensation burst in my belly, roared up the shaft of my dick and exploded at the tip. I came hard, watching in awe as a thick rope of white cum burst out of the tip of my cock. A second rope followed it, a third and forth, over and over until I lost count.

When I opened my eyes again, I realized I must have turned to face the shower curtain at some point, because there was a mess of white cream all over it. My cock was still long and thick, but it wasn't nearly as hard as before. I shook my head at the sight of it hanging down between my legs.

"Amy, come on!" Sarah shouted at the door.

My eyes flew wide open. "Just a second!"

Grabbing the shower head, I hastily rinsed off the curtain and killed the water.

"What's taking so long?" Sarah asked, and I panicked when I realized she was no longer shouting through the door. She was in the bathroom!

There was a strange sucking sensation between my legs, and when I looked down, my penis was gone. Just then, the shower curtain flew open. I gave a short scream and saw Sarah standing there. She was smiling mischievously, and openly leering at my nakedness.

"Well, hey there, baby," she cooed, striking a pose. "You're all dressed up for something special."

"Sarah, what are you doing?" I threw a towel around my body like a shield.

"Breakfast is ready."

"Okay, I'm done," I huffed and stepped out, making her move back.

Sarah frowned. "Amy, is something wrong?"

"No!" I said a little too emphatically. No, nothing is wrong at all. I just happened to have jacked off a tremendous dick that sprouted from me a moment ago. I forced myself to calm down. "Why would anything be wrong?"

"I don't know," she shrugged, then made a face. "But you're being weird."

I sighed. "Sorry. I had strange dreams and didn't sleep well. I'll be right there, okay?"

Sarah narrowed her eyes at me, then shrugged again and leaned in to kiss my cheek. "Whatever."

I watched her tight ass as she walked away, and I had a sudden urge to find out what it would feel like to have my cock nestled in the crack of her warm cheeks. No sooner had the thought come and gone, I felt that strange pressure and release, and when I looked down, my towel was tented up.

Oh no! It was back!

Running into my room, I slammed the door shut and locked it. I ripped the towel off and threw it to the floor. Once again, a huge hard dick was sticking out and up from between my legs.

"Shit, shit, shit," I cursed endlessly. "How did this happen?"

I remembered the statue of Freyja. Sitting on the edge of my bed, I jerked the drawer open on my nightstand. The statue was still there, where I'd left it, only now the woman had a huge dick sticking up from between her legs, hovering over her stomach.

"No fucking way," I breathed, picking up the statue. "Could it really be?" I wondered aloud, turning the statue over in my hands, inspecting the changes. "Did you really grant my wish?"

As though in response, my cock throbbed, hard. Instinctively, I wrapped my hand around it, just beneath the head, where the wonderful sensations seemed to be focused. It felt so good that I squeezed my fist.

"Oh my..." I sighed, the feel of my warm hand around my hard dick indescribably wonderful.

For the first time, I took a good long look at it. To be honest, it really was a beautiful penis, a little longer than my dildo, but a lot thicker. It was soft to the touch, like warm velvet wrapped around a steel pipe. Stroking my hand up the shaft, I saw a drop of precum gather at the tip. The memory of Trevor came back to me, along with the thought that I hadn't tasted him.

Curious, I gathered up the drop with the tip of my finger and brought it to my mouth. Hesitantly, I closed my lips around my finger, then touched my tongue. Boy sperm was usually kind of salty, from my own limited experience, but it was more texture than taste, really. But this...this actually tasted kind of, well, nice. There was a strong musky note to the flavor, but it was..I don't know...good.

Even more curious for another taste, I stroked my now aching cock until more clear precum oozed out of the swollen head. There was more volume this time, and that meant more to taste, which apparently meant the taste was even better. I hummed with delight around my finger, sucking it clean. The rest of my body began to feel really good, and it was only then that I realized I'd resumed jacking off with my other hand.

My hips were bucking up and down on the edge of the mattress, thrusting my hard cock back and forth through my fist. Fuck, it felt good. Gathering up a copious glob of precum, I smeared it around the upper portion of my member and resumed stroking.

Oh.

My.

God.

The lubrication made this feel even more amazing. I stroked harder, faster, firmly clenching my throbbing rod, which felt hot in my hand now, while my other hand snaked down to my drooling slit to finger the swollen folds there. My hips bucked up hard, once, twice. I looked down just in time to see my cock lurch in my fist. A thick rope of pearly-white cum blasted me from neck to forehead, pasting my left eye shit.

"Oh!" I squealed at the shock of it.

Right on the heel of the first rope was another, and it landed right in my open mouth. My gut reaction was to spit it out. I felt the warm stuff running down my neck and between my small breasts, even as rope after thick rope plastered me with gooey cream. When the last spurt of thick warm cum shot out onto my breasts, I fell back onto the bed, panting hard. It was a few minutes before I could sit up again, but when I did, I was horrified to see how much of a mess I'd made. There was pearly white spunk all over my upper body, and when I got up to see myself in the full length mirror on my closet door, the sight of it put poor Trevor to shame. I looked like I'd just stepped out of a bukkake flick.

Well, at least I hadn't gotten any in my hair.

I marveled at the mess, gazing into the mirror as thick drops of warm semen slid over the swells of my small breasts to slowly ooze down my stomach. Still curious, I scooped up a great big glob with my finger and brought it to my mouth, sucking the digit clean. Man, it tasted even better now, both sweet and a little salty, and the thick slippery texture was amazing.

The doorknob turned, but I'd locked it.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

"Amy? What are you doing in there?" Sarah called.

Shit!

I was supposed to be getting ready for breakfast, but there I was, standing naked in my bedroom covered in my own cum, and with Sarah right on the other side of the door.

Shit! Shit! Shit!

"One second!" I cried out, grabbing the towel from the floor and hastily wiping myself down.

When I threw the spunk laden towel in the hamper, my cock was gone again. All I could see was my normal pretty mound. What the hell?

Dressing in a flash, I threw on clothes and yanked the door open, trying to look casual by brushing my hand through my damp hair.

"Sorry, Sarah," I tried to mollify her.

Sarah narrowed her eyes. "You're all flushed."

I had to move back into my room when she stepped forward. My ass hit my dresser, and Sarah put her hands up on the lip of it, effectively pinning me there.

Her eyes went wide and she gasped. "We're you masturbating?"

"No!" I squealed.

"Oh my gawd!" she laughed. "You totally were!"

"I was putting on lotion!" I stamped my foot and pushed her out of my way, heading for the door.

Sarah caught my hand and brought me to a stop, turning me around to look at her. "Okay. Sorry. No big deal."

I breathed a sigh of relief, glad she was letting this go, then her gaze fell to my neck, suspicious.

"You missed some," Sarah said and touched my neck with two fingers. I caught a glimpse of a big wad of white cum on her fingers before she rubbed it into her palms and over her hands.

I just stood there, aghast.

Sarah huffed. "Come on. Let's eat."