 Lydia was on her belly, laying under a pine tree, silently watching the small band of coarse chain and leather covered men ride through her valley. Her pale blue eyes tracked their movement, but even better, her hearing followed the rattle and clang of steel and her nose could easily follow the stench of sweat, oil and horse. They talked in hushed tones as if to be stealthy. They may as well have blown a fanfare of trumpets. The whole forest knew they were here, and young Lydia thought she knew why.

She crawled out of hiding and padded behind the group, always staying in the treeline. The best armored seemed to be the youngest of the group. He sat tall in his saddle with dirty blonde hair. His helm laid in his lap and he laughed at an older man's quip.

"Some young lord or new knight..." she thought. "Shame he would die." Lydia was sure they were going up the mountain to face Taika the witch. Why else would heavily armored men travel this forest. "So handsome to die so young." She thought just before one of the horses reared and neighed nervously, making her stop and drop to the ground.

"Whoa, girl." One of the baggage men calmed his horse and they all scanned the trees for a threat.

"Eh, it's a wolf." The young knight moved to the middle of the group and pointed to Lydia, who thought she was near invisible in the darkness under the pines. "Shall we kill it?" The handsome knight started to dismount.

"No, Gavin" The older knight chided. "We haven't the time and it would just outrun you."

Both men turned their horses back towards the hill, but Gavin looked back.

"Why hasn't it fled?" The handsome warrior asked.

"Maybe it likes watching you." The old knight said with some irritation. "Send an arrow after it if it bothers you so much."

Lydia did flee now. Letting them see her was bad enough, but she wouldn't be a target. She sprang up and bounded deeper into the forest until she could no longer hear them. Then she turned towards the peak until she found the back cave entrance, a fissure in the rock really, room for a slim woman or child to slip beneath the cover of stone. Her shape shifted and if there was anyone to look at her, she would have been a blur. She stood human now, pale skinned, raven haired, and lean. A young woman at the peak of her ripening, her hips flared her skirt and her top was too tight for the round firm orbs that wanted to cascade over the seems, but these things mattered not to Lydia. She spent most of her time outdoors as wolf or raven, tricks taught her by Taika. 

She walked confidently through the ever darkening passage that took her upwards to the main cave that the old witch and her called home. Taika was her Mistress, her tutor in the ways of magic. The witch was very powerful and very old... "and very mad", Lydia was sure in her head. Taika was cruel and demanding. She taught with pain from her hands and venom from her lips. Lydia had learned her lessons quickly and was now a witch in her own right, but Taika would not release her.

"Where have you been, girl?" The old crone barked near the fire.

"There are men coming up the mountain, Mistress." Lydia supplied, walking to her.

"I know that, fool." Taika spat. "You had to go see them I s'pose." The witch came closer. "You looked at them and felt something here." Roughly the old woman grabbed at Lydia's groin and laughed as the girl pushed herself away shocked.

"Mistress..."

"Men are worthless" She said slowly with utter hatred, as if remembering a long time ago. "They will use you and then toss you out." Then Taika smiled grimly "Then they whimper like pigs when the power is in YOUR hands." Taika came out of her reverie "Stay away from them, girl."

Before dusk the knights and their men had reached the large entrance of the cave. The steep terrain forced them to leave the horses lower down the mountain. With six of them, Gavin felt confident that they could subdue, or kill, one old witch.

"TAIKA, WITCH OF THE FROSTED HILLS!" The older knight, Barimore, bellowed out towards the cave entrance and drew his gleaming longsword holding it before him in both hands. The men behind him held broad swords or maces. Only Gavin held a shield in his off hand and his broad sword was still at his side.

"BY ORDER OF THE KING," He continued "You will be tried for your crimes against his people. Surrender yourself."

There was a long silence. The sun had completely disappeared behind the neighboring hillside. Dusk was turning into twilight. A shadow manifested at the dark cave entrance.

"Your king has no power here." The words echoed around them. "He has no power over me." She spat the last word.

"If you do not surrender, we can not allow you to live." The bearded knight proclaimed.

"No, it is I that will not allow you to live." She spoke almost quietly but her voice rang from the rocks.

The men shifted their feet. They would not step back, but fear was in them now, she was a witch after all. Silence came now from the cave.

"Take Her, Men!" 

Gavin drew his sword and the other men rushed forward as a great beast emerged into the dying light. In the darkness its size and shape was hard to gauge, but it had a roar that filled the night. One clawed hand swept a man nearly off the hillside, and jaws long as a strongman's arms snapped a squire's head off. The elder Knight swung his mighty sword at the dark beast, only to receive a reverberating clang. Fire belched out from the beast and its now visible head swung towards Gavin's mentor. The brush caught fire at their feet and Gavin could see the beast in the flames light as he rushed to defend the older warrior with his shield.

Her scales were black as volcanic soot. Steam rose from the broad back. There were no wings, but a body the size of a smith's house. Spikes came off its skull and down its neck. Legs thick as beech trees came to claws longer than daggers and shone like polished ebony.

It was an earthbound dragon but a dragon none the less.

Gavin got to the Knight and threw up his shield, but Barimore's armor was smoldering.

"We must attack, man" Barimore commanded. "There is no retreat."

Indeed, in the short battle, positions had shifted and the beast blocked the path down. Only three of them remained upright. Gavin looked to the dead and two wounded and as if reading his thoughts, the dragon coated the prone men in flame. Their screams were short, but they filled his ears.

"Each on a side then." Gavin offered. "I will take the front with my shield."

They approached slowly, the other two flanking wide. Dragon's breath was terrible but it was not forever. Dragons needed to recharge. The last of the soldiers was taunting with two swords, trying to pull the beast this way so Barimore could lunge with that great sword. The dragon looked at Gavin but swung at the leather clad warrior with its barbed tail. Gavin drove in to strike an eye but had to roll as claws raked the air where his chest had been. Barimore drove in now trying to angle the blade to slide under the scales. His target was the neck, but the dragon heard him or sensed him and spun a quarter turn sending its horned head towards the old Knight. Barimore was knocked to the ground with a crash.

Gavin and the soldier sprang forward to help their fallen comrade. The dragon swung that barbed tail blindly like a morning star, while it advanced on the older knight. Gavin dodged under the deadly tail, but Barimore was being squashed by the beasts large foot.. The young knight charged in desperation.

"NO!" He slide his sword between the scales.

The dragon roared and spun, knocking the blade from his hands. With a slice of its claws that sounded like rushing wind, Gavin was knocked off of his feet. A talon pierced his chain mail and drove into the flesh of his chest and ripped on the way out towards his left shoulder. The gash was wide, deep and long. The blonde knight fell back to the ground and rolled down the hillside till he landed on his side against a boulder.

The dragon breathed deep and turned its attention to the soldier banging uselessly on its scales. The fire returned, and at point blank range, engulfed the warrior. Almost as an after thought, its hind leg crushed the body of Barimore. Satisfied that its enemies were vanquished, the dragon turned slowly to the cave entrance and plodded forward.

Lydia had hid at the corner of the cave entrance. She watched as the dragon shimmered in a dark mist and became Taika. Many things she had learned from the old witch by observing, Lydia was a talented girl. There was a cut at Taika's side and Lydia rushed forward to help.

"You are hurt, Mistress." The raven haired girl was reaching for the herb pouch on her hip.

The old witch waved her off. "I know, fool girl. 'Tis a scratch and I will mend it myself. Clean this up." Taika spoke with her usual surliness, and walked into the cave.

Lydia looked around at the carnage. Night had truly arrived and the fires lit by dragon flame were dying out. She moved from body to body and dragged them to the shear side of their mountain perch and rolled them off the cliff. When she reached Gavin she found he was still alive, barely. He was sticky with blood and unconscious. She stood up and looked to the cave nervously. Taika was inside, probably tending to herself. She made the decision quickly.

"Tardius en corde verecundiam somnisss." Her voice was low and her hand waved over him, ending the spell with a hiss. He would sleep almost near death, his heart barely beating, but his wound did not gush.

She packed the wound with herbs from her bag and ripped what cloth she could spare from her skirt to wrap his chest quickly. She had to get him out of here. "But he is just so...Large." she thought to herself. She found his shield and stuffed it under his back. Pulling on his right arm, Lydia tried to drag him further down the hill. Gravity at least was on her side. Once she reached the hillside path she tried a spell.

Lydia concentrated and held out her palm towards Gavin. "Sequitur me terram" She said with a voice of command.

pebbles and clumps of earth lifted from the path, supporting the shield and the knight's heavy torso. Gavin seemed to roll behind the pale young witch who now guided them with a small ball of light cupped in her hand. She hurried downhill as safely as she could.

Near the base of the mountain was a hunters cabin. A log house long abandoned, it still held the mounted horns of a stag in one corner, and crossed weapons on the other wall. "Those may be handy." she thought. There was rugged furniture covered in decorative blankets, but most importantly it held a bed. Lydia got her patient on the old mattress with much struggle. The wood gave groins as it took his weight. Quickly she worked, and with a word the fireplace was ablaze. She would need to clean the wound and make a proper poultice instead of the pack of herbs she had thrown on. But her spell still held and his heart beat slowly. She could fix this.

Gavin was warm and still sleepy, but pain was bringing him to consciousness. He opened his eyes slowly. A thud that matched the beating of his heart went through his chest muscle and into his left shoulder. He looked around the room; pine log walls and coals of a banked a fire glowed off to the side. When he moved the pain brought tears, but he grit his teeth and put his feet on the floor. The door opened suddenly and he sat still with no weapon to defend himself, even if he wasn't sure he could.

"Lay back down!" The young woman chided him. "You'll rip that wound open."

She was nearly white of skin with jet black hair. She helped guide him back down to a pillow that seemed to be a sack stuffed with grass.

"Where am I?" His tone was commanding. 

"You're safe, in a cabin at the base of the frosted hills." 

It all came to him quickly, "My Uncle, the men..."

"Only you survived." she said softly "I'm sorry."

Gavin lay back and let her change the dressing. Lydia intoned a spell and the flesh warmed on his chest. Gavin snatched her hand as it hovered over him.

"Who are you?!" He demanded.

"I am a healer" she offered softly. He didn't let go "I am the witch that saved you... remember."

"How did you find me?" He was still wary.

"Taika is evil, she is very mad," Lydia paused and gave him a smile before diving in. "and she is my mistress." His eyes widened. "But I am not like her." she was insistent and meet his blue eyes with her dark ones.

"You could have helped us." He insisted.

She shook her head, "My magic would be useless against a dragon. Once Taika was in that form, I could not stop her."

She stared at Gavin, who would not meet her gaze. "I am sorry." Lydia finally said. She finished re-dressing the wound and went to the door to leave.

"She destroyed a farmstead you know." Gavin's words made her stop. "They refused to give her tribute. She killed the father and ran the rest off."

Lydia turned to him with no surprise in her eyes, "I said she was mad, and I am not like her."

"But you serve her?" He accused.

"I am apprenticed to her, If I left without her leave she would track me down and drag me back...or worse." Lydia left him to rest.

Lydia had thought she had brought back enough food for the day, Gavin had eaten it all with little more than a rude burp. Three days of magic induced slumber, she should have known better.

"Will others come to stop the old witch?" Lydia asked as she stoked the fire.

Gavin walked around the cabin's only room with his left arm cradled in his right. "At some point they will expect us back. When they will send the next group... I don't know."

"She needs to be stopped. We could kill her, you and I."

The young knight looked at her sharply. "How could we kill her, just you and I?"

"I can't combat her," Lydia shook her head. "But I can stop her magic. I can keep her from turning into a dragon."

"I can't even lift my left arm, let alone a shield." Gavin pointed out.

Lydia hesitated at the coldness of her own words. "You won't need a shield, just your sword for a killing blow."

Gavin lay back on the bed and pondered the offer. "Justice will be done. I will fulfill my duty, and what of you?" He looked at her askance.

"I will be free." she said simply and shrugged. "And I will leave."

Gavin was satisfied. If she held him any ill will, she wouldn't have saved him. "Agreed."

Lydia took salt from the cabin's cupboard and slowly started pouring it in a circle around the bed as she intoned an incantation. Gavin watched for a few moments in curiosity.

"What are you doing?"

"We must seal our pact with a ritual that will bind us to each other. After the ritual we can not betray each other until the next moon."

"Why, you don't trust me?" Gavin was amused.

"No one trust witches, and witches don't trust men with swords." She looked up from her circle. the fire light bathing her face as dusk settled outside.

"Hmm...what must I do?" Gavin imagined cutting of thumbs and mixing of blood.

"Make love to me." Lydia put a knee on the bed and leading with her breasts came at him.

"What?" The young knight was surprised and seemed to be blushing.

"It will bind our souls until the next moon." She kept moving towards him. "Your harm is my harm and mine... yours. That is the ritual."

Gavin's eyes looked to the pale cleavage moving towards him and then they moved beyond, as Lydia blew out the candle.

The young woman's pale skin shown in moonlight on one side and danced in shadows from the fire light on the other. Gavin looked at her, open mouthed, as she bent down and kissed him. He did not protest, but breathed deep of her scent. Lydia smelled of forest and herbs and a hint of lemon balm. Her long black hair fell around them like a tent for their privacy. He could only raise his right hand, but it settled along the curve of her hip. He slid it along the side of her lithe form as she kissed him over and over, tenderly. Their eyes locked for a moment before she pushed herself up and straddled his groin.

With a seductive smile, Lydia unlaced her linen top and pulled it over her head, only to drop it to the floor. Gavin stared at the firm white orbs, topped by dark rosebuds. He reached for one with his right hand. It filled his palm and he gently squeezed. Lydia mewed above him as she untied her short skirt and dropped it in a heap on the floor with her shirt. Gavin's fingers ran around her dark areola, making it harder and stand out, he seemed entranced by it. 

Lydia bent to his ear, "Taste it." She pleaded and then moved up his cradled head.

He suckled her like a babe in her arms as she stroked his hair and cooed at him. She could feel his manhood rising beneath her thigh, and gasped as his tongue flicked across her hardening nipple. Lydia kept feeding him but moved to the side so she could open his breeches with one hand. Gavin soon helped, wanting to be free of the restraining material. Together they had released his turgid cock, which stood tall and proud, pointing to the ceiling. 

It was long and thin shafted with the head being fatter than the rest. Lydia reached for it, hesitantly. She felt the silkyness of the flesh and pushed the foreskin down its fat head. Her slim fingers wrapped around it and she kissed him deeply.

She looked away from his eyes coyly and confessed. "I have... never..." She admitted softly and gave his tool a squeeze.

Gavin looked at her, astonished, in the fire light and brushed her dark hair away. "No?"

Lydia nervously giggled. "I live on a mountain with an old witch." She looked in his eyes now, "But... I want to." Lydia admitted.

Gavin smiled and kissed her. He pressed his fingers into her raven mound, rubbing in circles slowly. They kissed and each fondled the other, taking time in the act. Instinct eventually told Lydia to cock her leg up and Gavin reached lower, finding her damp lips. He softly probed and ran a fingertip along her warm pussy. Lydia was tense next to him, but giggled and purred as he explored her slowly. She offered her throat and he kissed it as he drove in one finger.

The virgin witch gasped at the penetration, but clung tighter to his reclined form. She felt teeth now on her jugular. She gripped his cock tight in response and turned her head to move his mouth to hers. They both kissed hungrily now and fervently. Lydia moved over him, body to body, careful of that injured left shoulder. His cock rubbed her belly and mound as it was trapped between them. Her nipples pressed into his hard chest. Gavin held her little bottom in his right hand and his left, moving only at the elbow, smoothed her side. Her body wanted to grind. It knew what to do.

Lydia broke their kiss, and with seriousness, looked into his eyes. "It will hurt won't it?" She asked.

"I think so; at first." Gavin tried to be helpful. "You're on top, you will be in control."

With determination she continued and lifted her hips. Lydia reached down between them to guide his manhood to her. "Don't let go of me." She insisted "... the ritual".

Gavin had forgotten about that but nodded and his grip on her ass was tight as she moved his cock head to her lips. Lydia could feel it at her entrance. The head was warm, almost hot. She sank on it slowly. Gavin watched her bite her lower lip. He let go of her butt and held her cheek in his hand instead.

"Slow, slow." He encouraged softly. "Almost..."

Lydia leaned into his hand and gave a pained smile, but she pressed downward. Gavin wasn't large, but to her he was more than enough. She let gravity settle herself on him until finally their groins were together.

At first she just lay there with her head on his good shoulder. And Gavin was happy to hold her in turn. His cock was wrapped tight by her warm wet flesh. They were connected and one. At that moment he could understand the magic that would bind them. 
