 Author's Note:

Thanks again to John for the great editing. And thanks to all of you who took the time to write me. If you didn't receive a reply it only means I did something wrong when I sent it so please don't feel that I didn't appreciate your writing to me because I do. Thank you. I hope you continue to enjoy reading my story.

*

Chapter 12: A Strange Night

When Cinnamon came up out of the water she gave a short shriek of terror as a strong hand covered her eyes. The hand immediately released her as Cinnamon spun and put her back to the edge of the water fall. 

"Sorry Cinnamon." Sharmon said. "I didn't mean to scare you but you shouldn't spy on private moments."

Cinnamon blushed and started sputtering that she wasn't Sharmon gave her a teasing grin. "Besides we should dry off and head back. It's late and dinner's probably ready."

Before Cinnamon could agree Vanessa called up from below them. "What are you doing to the poor girl?" she asked.

"Nothing, I just startled her is all." Sharmon replied.

"Sure you did!" Vanessa teased. 

Sharmon frowned. "That's all." she said annoyed. "At least I'm not corrupting her. Come on Cinnamon. Let's go dry off." and with that she grabbed Cinnamon's hand and began to lead her back to the small shore. As she walked Sharmon called back over her shoulder "And you two had better be decent when we get down there!"

Vanessa's laugh echoed into the night.

Cinnamon, Muriel, and Sharmon dried off and dressed. Muriel wore a long nightgown with robes. Sharmon wore pajamas and Cinnamon wore her nightshirt but she also had her towel firmly tied about her waist. A repeat of the night before was the last thing she wanted. Cinnamon asked if they should bring Vanessa's things to her but Sharmon told her to leave them. "She'll have to come back here any way to get the laundry." 

When they had their things together Sharmon lead the way back down the hill while helping Cinnamon navigate in the darkness. Muriel also helped by saying a prayer that made the spike at the top of her staff glow a pale blue. Between Sharmon's guidance, Muriel's prayer, the glowing staff and pale moonlight the three descended without mishap. 

They'd just rounded the large tree and were heading back towards the creek when they heard Harnley's voice boom out. "The pies are ready! Come and eat!"

Cinnamon and Sharmon looked at each other and started giggling. That made Muriel remember Sharmon's laughter during lunch and how Cinnamon had said that Sharmon would tell her later. She exclaimed "That's right!" When Cinnamon and Sharmon turned to look at her Muriel said. "Sharmon, earlier today at the meadow we were all surprised and delighted to see you laughing. We all questioned Cinnamon about it but she wouldn't tell us only that you told her you would tell me what made you laugh later. Will you tell me now?" 

Cinnamon and Sharmon looked at each other again and started laughing.

"Oh come on! Tell me!" Muriel pleaded.

"Alright, but are you sure you want to know?" Sharmon asked.

"Yes!" Muriel answered eagerly.

Sharmon grinned and winked at Cinnamon, and then she leaned over and whispered into Muriel's ear. 

As Sharmon told the story to Muriel, Muriel grinned and said "Oh! I see. That explains that." 

Cinnamon blushed knowing Muriel was learning about her silly misunderstanding earlier.

Then as Sharmon continued Muriel's face paled. "What?! Oh tell me you didn't!" she exclaimed. Then her face turned bright red as Sharmon broke out laughing. "Oh Goddess!" Muriel moaned with embarrassment while Sharmon lead Cinnamon down the path laughing merrily.

Cinnamon was a little bewildered by Muriel's embarrassment. She thought if Sharmon's pies were any where near as good as her cooking at lunch then they'd be delicious.

When they saw Lancos lying on the ground Sharmon called out to Vanessa and Ernon "You two had better be decent!" 

They heard a splash and Vanessa laugh in reply.

Sharmon and Cinnamon stepped around him, Cinnamon keeping as far away as possible. "Um? He is ok isn't he?" She asked. 

Then Muriel stepped over him with a "Humph!"

Lancos let out a loud grunt and his head snapped up and his arms and legs jerked as Muriel stepped on his belly.

"Uh Muriel?" Cinnamon asked when she'd caught up to them.

"Yes?" Muriel asked as if nothing had happened. 

"Um, never mind." Cinnamon replied and then asked concerned. "Why is Vanessa holding Ernon's head under water? Did they have a fight? Shouldn't we stop them?"

Vanessa was in deed holding Ernon underwater with his head right in front of her body. She also seemed, to Cinnamon's naive eyes to be having trouble holding him under as she was moaning and seemed to be having trouble standing up.

Muriel's eyes went wide. "Breathing exercises! Yes, Vanessa's just helping Ernon with his breathing exercises!" and with that she began to hurry Cinnamon away from the stream by pushing her towards the path through the bushes. "Come along now. You know how Harnley hates to be kept waiting for food."

"Um...ok?" Cinnamon said, letting herself be pushed along. She really didn't want Harnley angry with her again. As they walked away Cinnamon asked "Do you think those exercises would help me?"

Muriel whispered "Oh Goddess!" not knowing how to answer that one. Sharmon came to her rescue. 

"Judging on how well you scream I'd say you have plenty of lung power to spare." She said wryly. 

Cinnamon's face reddened.

Just before Sharmon walked through the path she called out loudly. "When you and Ernon are through don't forget to bring in the laundry and hang it up to dry!" 

Vanessa's eyes popped open. "What?! It's your turn I did it last ti oh...oh...ohhhh!" and her eyes rolled up as Ernon's tongue did delightful things to her under the water.

---

The dinner of meat pies was tasty. To Cinnamon they reminded her of a Hot Pocket, only instead of being rectangular shaped they were half circles. 

While they ate Harnley regaled Cinnamon, Sharmon, Muriel and Lancos with a story about a time when he was in the army. In the middle of the story, Vanessa and Ernon came into the light of the fire carrying an armload of wet clothes. Vanessa had a very annoyed look on her face as she stalked past Sharmon and started flinging the wet clothes onto a line that had been strung up earlier.

"So the Goblins broke with our charge and we ended up driving them right into the dragon's cave where the beast promptly snapped them up for dinner." Harnley laughed "The beast got so fat on roasted Goblins that it couldn't get out of the cave to eat any of the farmers herds! Ha, Ha, Ha!" 

Sharmon rolled her eyes and Muriel smiled politely. Lancos just ate his meat pie and tried to work out a way to get Muriel to talk to him. Cinnamon who had been paying attention said "Wow! That's um...good." feeling slightly queasy at the gore filled ending.

Vanessa hearing the ending of Harnley story was reminded of Cinnamon's remembrances earlier turned and said "That reminds me of something. Cinnamon what exactly is a drive through?"

"Oh! Um...well, where I come from, a lot of fast food restaurants have their menus outside so you can drive up and place your order. Then you drive forward a bit more to the window where you pay for it and pick up your food, although some places have separate windows for paying and picking up. Anyway once they hand over your order you can just drive away."

"So you don't have to leave your carriage to get be seated? You can just order and go?" Harnley asked amazed.

Cinnamon shook her head. "Nope though I've never heard of carriages going through them. I suppose they could though." she said trying to imagine a carriage going through a drive through.

"How neat!" Muriel exclaimed. The other's looked impressed as well.

"But doesn't it take a long time to prepare and cook the food?" Vanessa asked.

"Um, well it kind of depends. Most things don't take too long to prepare and if things are busy they may have already prepared them. So all they need to do is get the order bagged up and hand it out to you."

"Amazing!" Harnley exclaimed.

"What kinds of foods are available?" Ernon asked.

"Different kinds of burgers, or sandwiches, hot dogs, fries..." At they're looks of confusion Cinnamon explained "sliced up potatoes that are deep fried." They seemed to understand that as they nodded their heads so she continued. "Some places have chicken and mashed potatoes other kind's side dishes, and some places have different kinds of foods from other countries."

"And all of these food choices are available?" Harnley asked.

"Well some places have bigger menus than others. And not every place will offer the same kinds of foods. And those that do, make them different in some way. And the breakfast items are only available until 10 AM." Cinnamon explained.

"Ah" Harnley nodded.

"What if you wanted to sit down and eat?" Muriel asked. 

"Most have seating inside, although some are outside. You just don't have to wait to be seated though like at other restaurants. You just walk up to the cashier, place your order, and then pay for it. The cashier gets it for you and then you go pick out a seat. Of course if it's really busy then you may have to wait but most often it's ok." Cinnamon paused.

"I take it these restaurants are on the lower end of the price scale?" Sharmon asked.

"Uh...yeah." Cinnamon agreed.

"So does the quality reflect that?" 

"Um...I guess so, although some places the food is really good. Some are even better than the regular restaurants."

Sharmon raised an eye "Really?"

"Yes." Cinnamon replied and then went on to explain how she compared different restaurant's food.

The others listened attentively. When she finished Harnley exclaimed "You must live in a wondrous place lass. All those kinds of foods and all ready for you. It must be so keen to drive up and order a burger and a pint and then drive off."

The others agreed and also pointed out what they saw to be some of fast food's advantages. Cinnamon had to agree and said "That's why there's so many of them. They're so easy and affordable."

Harnley received a whip by a wet towel from Vanessa when he said "No tipping the waitress!" with a smile. That made Harnley yelp and Sharmon laugh. Before the fight could get worse, Muriel happily pointed out to Vanessa that if all the help was behind a counter they couldn't be pawed at by loathsome customers. Then she glared at Lancos. Cinnamon guessed that Vanessa worked as a waitress.

Lancos ignored her glare and said "This all sounds great but you said carriages don't go through them. So how do you go through a drive through without a carriage?" 

Everyone blinked at that. "Whoa, good question." Sharmon said impressed. "It's a surprise to see you thinking with your big head for a change. I hope you didn't strain anything."

"Lancos is very intelligent." Muriel said defending him while Lancos scowled. Then she added at Sharmon's raised eyebrow, "He just doesn't show it very often. He's very modest in that department." 

Lancos smiled at Muriel and blew her a kiss. Muriel beamed.

"Modest is hardly the word I'd have chosen." muttered Sharmon. The others chuckled.

"So lass how do ye get through a drive through without a carriage?" Harnley asked while Lancos made room on his log for Muriel to sit.

"Most people drive cars." Cinnamon said.

"What's a car?" Lancos asked not looking away from Muriel's eyes

"Oh!" Cinnamon exclaimed. "Sorry it's kind of like a carriage only it doesn't have a horse."

"You have horseless carriages where you come from?" Muriel asked with wonder.

"Um...yeah. Lot's of people do. I don't." she said a little bitterly "but a lot of people do. Do you have them here?"

"We saw a couple the last time we were in Avondelle. They're pretty new to this realm. I understand they're more common in Futar though." Sharmon explained. 

"Where's Futar?" Cinnamon asked. 

"It's a realm far to the south." Ernon answered sitting down and taking a pie for Vanessa and himself.

"Ba! Noisy, smelly things them horseless carriages." Harnley muttered "Still good metal working though."

"True but they don't leave road apples either." Lancos said laughing. That made the others laugh as well. 

As they ate they continued to ask Cinnamon more about her home. She in turn asked more about theirs. They were glad to see she was coming out of her shell. The night finally came to an end after Cinnamon and Muriel both yawned together. Sharmon said "It's late. We should think about getting some sleep if we're going to be continuing tomorrow." 

The others agreed and with goodnights said all around, Sharmon led Cinnamon to her tent while Vanessa and Muriel went to theirs. Ernon and Lancos also went to their own tents while Harnley stayed to tend the fire and keep watch.