 Chapter 15: Strange Activities

Sharmon woke with a start. Something was pinning her left arm at her shoulder and her legs just above her knees. Without opening her eyes she slowly reached for the knife hidden under her pillow with her right hand. She had just started to pull the knife from its sheath when whoever was holding her down gave a sleepy sigh and snuggled closer to her. 

Sharmon paused confused. Snuggling was not an action of an attacker. She opened her eyes and looked down at her shoulder. In the dim light she made out Cinnamon's face. Cinnamon was sleeping peacefully and had apparently turned over in her sleep and snuggled against her body for warmth. 

Sharmon let out a deep breath and released the tension from her body. She shoved the knife back into its sheath as she whispered "Girl don't scare me so." Then she gave a quiet prayer to her Goddess thanking her for Cinnamon's safety. 

Slowly withdrawing her right hand from under her pillow she placed it gently on Cinnamon's left thigh and began to gently rub the Cinnamon's soft skin to warm it. Sharmon also moved her left hand to gently hug Cinnamon closer to her as she rubbed Cinnamon's upper arm left arm. 

"That was a close one for you and me both." Sharmon whispered to the sleeping girl and then bent her neck to kiss the top of Cinnamon's head. Cinnamon gave a sleepy murmur and snuggled closer to Sharmon. Sharmon lay back contentedly and continued to rub Cinnamon's skin. 

They lay there like that for a while, Sharmon knew not how long, when she heard footsteps approaching and tensed up. Cinnamon in her sleep squirmed softly in protest and Sharmon forced her hands to relax. She was just starting to reach for her knife again when the footsteps stopped a couple paces from her tent. 

"Sharmon lass are ye awake?" She heard Harnley loudly whisper in that gruff voice of his. Sharmon gave a quiet sigh of exasperation as her hands clenched above her. "I'm going to kill him!" Sharmon thought for Harnley knew better than to sneak up on her tent. Then as Cinnamon murmured once again in her sleep she had second thoughts. Maybe he'd been quiet for Cinnamon's sake? "Alright I'll let him live...this time." She thought and then called out softly "Yes, I'm awake."

"Ah, aye. Sorry tah wake ye lass but tis time fore yer watch." Harnley said quietly.

Sharmon gave a sigh. She hated to leave Cinnamon but she must. "Understood. Give me a few moments and I'll be ready." she told him while at the same time hoped she'd get to have more time like this with Cinnamon again.

"Aye" Harnley responded while Sharmon began to gently disengage herself from Cinnamon's sleeping form. "Er...I brought yer things." Harnley informed her and then added, "Cinnamon's too."

Sharmon paused surprised. Harnley hadn't done that for a long time. He normally enjoyed making her come out of the tent in nothing but her night clothes to fetch her day clothing. Sharmon wondered at his sudden change as she carefully disentangled herself from Cinnamon while telling Harnley to wait a moment. When she was free Sharmon thrust her hand out of the tent and said "Here, hand them to me."

"Aye." Harnley replied and stepped closer and placed a bundle of clothing in her outstretched arm. " 'ere's yors." He said. 

Sharmon pulled the bundle into the tent and placed it in the corner on her side. Then she stuck her arm out again and Harnley deposited the other bundle in her arm saying " ere's Cinnamon's."

Sharmon placed that bundle on Cinnamon's side of the tent and said "Give me a few moments and I'll take over the watch."

"Aye lass." Harnley replied and started to walk away. 

Sharmon stopped him. "Harnley?" 

"Aye lass?" He asked.

Sharmon was silent for several seconds before saying "Thank you."

Harnley said "Aye lass" more cheerfully and then said "I'll put the kettle on for ye."

Sharmon groaned but let his comment pass and instead reached for her clothes. As she picked them up she had a moment of doubt concerning his actions. Suspecting he might have been playing a trick she ran her hands carefully over each article of clothing checking for alterations. She found none and while not completely convinced, put them on anyway. Besides, she knew he wouldn't do anything truly malicious and any small embarrassing prank she could fix while on watch.

Once dressed Sharmon gathered up her weapons and boots and crawled out of the tent. She paused to pull her boots on and strap on her weapons. Then she visually checked her clothing for signs of any pranks. Not finding any she then walked over to join Harnley at the fire. As she approached he held up a battered tin cup and said " 'ere's your tea lass."

Sharmon grimaced but accepted the tea anyway. She didn't care for the tea, not many did; but it was the custom of the land to drink one cup a day. Sharmon took a sip and grimaced again. "At least the warmth will help during my watch." she thought.

She took another sip and thought. "I don't know how Harnley can like this stuff."

As if reading her mind Harnley spoke "Come on lass. Tis not that bad."

Sharmon just looked at him with disbelief.

"Well it ain't." He muttered taking a drink of his own tea.

Finished, he poured some more hot water into his cup, swished the water around with a spoon and then threw it out, away from the tents. Then giving his cup a good shake he put it with the rest of the group's dishes. With that done Harnley stood up said "Well, I'm done lass. Thee watch is yors. Ifin ye get hungry you know there the bread and meat is."

Sharmon nodded.

"Well g'night then." Harnley said and started towards his tent.

"Good night." Sharmon replied as she sat down on the log, facing away from the fire towards the trail, and took another sip of tea.

--

Several minuets later Sharmon turned, set her tea down on a flat rock near the fire, and stood to walk around the camp. As soon as she'd stood up however, Vanessa's and Muriel's heads popped out of their tent, Vanessa's above Muriel's. 

"Is she asleep?" Muriel asked.

At Sharmon's nod Vanessa said "Oh goodie!" and proceeded to crawl over Muriel to get out of the tent. 

Muriel gave a small cry as she was forced down.

Once out of the tent Vanessa stood flashed Sharmon a bright tooth filled smile and ran for Ernon's tent. Her bare bottom peaking out from her nightie as she ran.

Sharmon rolled her eyes at Vanessa's antics while Muriel picked herself up and came over to join her by the fire. Muriel shivered and rubbed her upper arms through her nightgown. "How is Cinnamon? Is she sleeping well?"

Sharmon nodded. "She was sleeping peacefully when I left her."

"That's good." Muriel replied. "You two seem to be getting along well." she said with a smile and a hint of a question.

Sharmon just shrugged noncommittally and changed the subject. "If you can, you might want to say a healing prayer over her."

At Muriel's alarmed looked, Sharmon shook her head and said "I gave her a rub down but she fell asleep before I could finish so she's still going to be stiff in the morning without one."

"Ah." Muriel said relieved and then smiled. "I'll be happy to say a prayer for her."

Sharmon nodded her thanks.

Muriel gave her a smile in return. Then her smile faded as her thoughts turned back towards the pool.

"About Cinnamon's day dream earlier..." Muriel stopped to put her thoughts together. "Did you get the same feeling I did when she told us about it?"

"You mean do I think that the woman Cinnamon knows as her mother is really her stepmother? Yes I do." Sharmon said quietly.

Muriel nodded sadly. "But to remove everything that would remind her of her birth mother seems so cruel."

"Perhaps her father thought it was best for her." Sharmon said some what stiffly.

Muriel turned to her and laid a hand on her arm. "Oh Sharmon, I'm sorry. I didn't think."

Sharmon waved her off. "It's alright. It was a long time ago."

Muriel looked at Sharmon and reluctantly nodded, not wishing to put her friend through any more pain. Then she quickly moved forward and gave Sharmon a hug and kissed her on the cheek. "You are still loved, Sharmon." Then Muriel looked over toward Sharmon's tent and said softly "Perhaps even more than we know."

Sharmon stiffened up in response to Muriel's hug and then gave Muriel a light pat on the back and said "You'd better get going. They've started without you." as the sounds of moaning reached their ears.

Muriel felt her face flush and she nodded. "I'll just say a quick prayer for Cinnamon first." and she turned towards Sharmon's tent and walked away. Arriving at Sharmon's tent, she knelt in front, and before she entered the tent. She looked in Sharmon's direction. When she saw that Sharmon was still watching her, she gave her a quick smile, then entered the tent. 

She said a prayer of healing over Cinnamon. The prayer wouldn't instantly heal Cinnamon for Muriel knew that the young woman's strength and endurance wouldn't improve if she did. However it would speed the healing process, and while Cinnamon would still be stiff and sore in the morning, it wouldn't hurt nearly as much as it would have otherwise.

With the healing spell complete, Muriel then said a quiet prayer to her Goddess for Cinnamon and Sharmon that they may both find the love and happiness they needed. Then Muriel backed silently out of the tent, waved to Sharmon and walked over to Ernon's tent. From the sounds of it both Ernon and Vanessa were enjoying each other. 

--

When Muriel moved the tent flap aside to crawl in she saw that they were indeed enjoying each other; they were enjoying each other very much. 

Ernon was sitting at the back of the tent with his feet together and knees apart. Vanessa was sitting in Ernon's lap, with her legs locked around his back, Ernon's hard cock deep inside her. Vanessa was lightly riding him while his hands stroked her back. As Vanessa moved up Muriel could see that Ernon's elfhood and balls glistening from being inside Vanessa's moist depths. 

Muriel stifled a moan and shivered at the sight of them. Her nipples were no longer hard from the cold alone as she felt a warm heat grow from between her legs, while she watched the lovers. 

Vanessa shivered as the cold air hit her back and turned to look over her shoulder. "Don't just sit there with the flap open. Come in and join us." She said seductively. Then she moaned as Ernon captured a hard nipple with his lips and began to suck.

Muriel swallowed and crawled into the tent.

--

Muriel sat back on her heels on the floor of the tent, with her slightly spread legs tucked up inside her nightgown that was spread around the floor about her. She looked at her two friends coupling in front of her and felt her own center becoming wet with her desire. Seeing Vanessa rising and sinking upon Ernon's member inflamed her own desire to be filled. Knowing how each made the other feel didn't help her any as she tried to shake her feelings of lust and desire from her mind and concentrate on her prayers. She lifted her arms, the palms of her hands facing the couple and began to chant a healing prayer. This spell, unlike the one she used over Cinnamon, would heal instantly.

As Muriel's hands began to glow blue, Vanessa looked back over her shoulder with a lustful smile, her fangs glinting in the pale light. Muriel's prayer faltered as Vanessa ran her tongue over her fangs, making her shiver with desire. Then Vanessa gave her a wink and Muriel gasped as the memory of those fangs piercing her skin came unbidden to her.

Then it was Vanessa's turn to gasp as Ernon took one of her turgid nipples and pinched it sending bolts of lightning through her body. She turned her head back to Ernon and she captured her lips with his. They both moaned as their tongues danced. 

Muriel used this time to shake herself out of her lust filled daze and began to pray again as Ernon began to bounce Vanessa harder and faster upon him. Muriel closed her eyes knowing that she would falter again if she looked.

Vanessa could sense Ernon's urgency as he sped her bouncing upon him. The wonderful sensations caused by his cock moving in and out of her made her moan with pleasure as she kissed her way along his jaw line, to nip at his ear lobe, before moving down his neck. She licked him making him moan and then, sank her fully extended fangs into his neck and began to suck his blood while at the same time using the muscles of her pussy to grip his member tightly. The sudden increase of pleasure turned the sudden pain into an even higher pleasure. Pleasure that was too much for him and with a grunt Ernon pulled Vanessa all the way down onto him, burying himself deep within her and climaxed, filling her pussy with his warm seed even as he filled her mouth with his warm blood.

--

At Ernon's grunt, Muriel gasped and then began to pray again keeping her eyes tightly closed. Her prayer would replenish all the blood that Vanessa took to feed upon and heal the bite mark afterwards. However even as she continued to pray her left hand lowered to her spreading thighs to begin pulling up her nightgown. The sounds and smells filling the tent had inflamed her own desire greatly making it very hard to resist pleasuring herself. However once her nightgown had been pulled up above her knees she gasped as the cooler air of the tent hit her heated pussy. Muriel shook herself and quickly raised her arm and began to pray even harder. She hadn't noticed the black nose and muzzle poke through the tent flap directly behind her. Nor did she notice when it began to work its way underneath her spread nightgown.

--

With her belly filled Vanessa pulled back and gave Ernon's neck a lick. The bite marks were already healing thanks to Muriel's prayer. Then she began to rhythmically stroke his cock with her internal muscles making him groan. She loved that he was still hard inside her. It normally didn't take Ernon long to get hard again but with Muriel's prayer still active he hadn't even gone soft. What thrilled her even more was that he'd be able to stay hard and continue to spend as long as the prayer was active.

"Ready to go again lover?" She whispered into his ear. 

Ernon responded with a thrust of his hips while reaching up to gently squeeze her breasts with his hands.

"Mmm I'll take that as a yes." she moaned as he chuckled.

--

Muriel heard her friends exchange and couldn't help feeling good about helping them. It wasn't just her job as a priestess that had her help them but she genuinely loved them as friends and as lovers. She would do anything she could for them. Still, now that Vanessa's hunger for blood was slated she knew she should go, but she was so caught up in the moment that she couldn't leave. Even as she continued to pray, her left hand dropped to caress the slick folds at her center. 

Muriel moaned and arched her back as pleasure coursed through her. Then she gasped, her eyes flying open as something long warm and ruff began to lap up the wetness covering her pussy. Her body leaned forward, her back arched, her eye's rolling back with pleasure even as she reached back to grab a handful of fir. Moaning, she tried to say "Lancos no" but her moan of pleasure turned it into "Lancos Oh!" as the wolf took advantage of her leaning forward to thrust his tongue deep inside her, to lap hungrily at the moisture it found there.

Muriel rose to her knees to try to escape from the wolf's hungry tongue but this only granted the wolf greater access and it rose to follow her. Muriel, her prayer now forgotten, groaned as she felt her first climax building within her. Even as she tried in vain to fight her desires the licking was driving her wild. 

The wolf's tongue was everywhere, from her hooded clit to the rosebud of her anus, to far deeper inside her than her fingers could reach. She heard Vanessa cry out with her own orgasm seconds before she cried out with hers. 

The wolf as if sensing his victory continued to lick his mate's wet pussy even as he began to give her gentle nips on the ass. He also raised a paw to her back to push her forward. 

Muriel began to moan "It's against my will. It's against my will." even as she leaned forward and spread her legs more. She'd just climaxed a second time when the wolf flipped her nightgown up over her back and jumped up to push her down onto her elbows. He began to thrust his cock at her as his tongue lapped at her neck and ears. 

She felt the hard cock thrusting through the wet hair covering her pubic mound, between the lips of her sex, and in between the cheeks of her ass, never hitting its intended target in its urgency while leaving a trail of precum in its wake. Frustrated, the wolf began to whine.

Muriel, too aroused to stop, reached back with her right hand to grasp the hot flesh of the wolf. Even as she continued to moan "It's against my will." she guided the hard member to her opening and let go. The wolf gave a yip of victory and thrust its cock deeply into her. As she was filled she threw her head back and gasped "Goddess yes!"

--

After they'd climaxed Ernon and Vanessa continued to rock gently against each other while observing Muriel and the wolf in the dim light. Ernon wanted to stop him but Vanessa stopped him from saying anything. With her finger over his lips she whispered "She wants this. You know that. She just doesn't like to admit it."

Ernon nodded reluctantly. He knew Muriel would stop him if she truly didn't want it. And this wasn't the first time this had happened. Still he didn't care for it. He wished Muriel would admit her feelings and that Lancos would stop thinking like a wolf in heat. To take his mind off the other couple he kissed Vanessa deeply. 

Vanessa giggled and said "Mmm now that's more like It." and tightened the muscles of her pussy in response making his cock twitch within her. 

Ernon groaned and began to thrust up inside her once more.

--

Muriel, now resting on her elbows, moaned with pleasure as the wolf wetly and rapidly thrust himself into her, her breasts swaying in time with the impact of his thrusts, her hard nipples nearly brushing the floor of the tent. She could feel the cool air drying the warm moisture of her pussy even as it ran down her thighs. The contrasting cool and hot added to her pleasure. In fact so far gone was she with pleasure that she noticed the wolf's knot too late. It wasn't until it had hit her nether lips several times that she realized what it was. Alarmed she said "Lancos no." started to reach back to stop him from thrusting it into her but she was too late. 

With a mighty thrust of his hips the wolf forced his knot past her opening and into her vagina, tying them together. Now they would remain tied together until the wolf was spent. Muriel grunted with pleasure and pain as her pussy was stretched by the knot. Then she moaned with increased pleasure as the wolf began thrusting harder seeking its release while its knot continued to swell within her already stretched walls. To Muriel it felt indescribably good even though she felt she'd be turned inside out by it. 

Nearing her own climax, Muriel reached down to rub her throbbing clitoris with one hand moaning with pleasure as she did so. 

--

The wolf was feeling incredible. He was locked deep within the tight warm walls his mate and he was watching another lover and a good friend have sex in front of him. He knew he would spend soon. He could also smell that his mate and their friends were close as well. Feeling a bit playful and wanting his friends to enjoy a spending of their own, the wolf stretched forward, even as it continued to thrust into Muriel, to lick the side of Vanessa's neck. 

--

Vanessa gasped at the sudden sensation, tightening her pussy as she did so. Already close, the sudden tightening of Vanessa's already tight vagina sent Ernon over the edge. He grunted and began to flood her depths again with his seed. The sudden warmth with in her caused Vanessa to also climax. She cried out as she did so, scratching Ernon's back as she clutched him to her.
