 I've been a reader here for a little while now. This is definitely a futanari tale, but it will take a couple chapters to get there. Hope you enjoy. 

*

I had wanted this for so long, to lie beneath Trevor Cartwright, see his gloriously naked body above me, glistening with sweat, his cock hard and twitching for me. He was so handsome, his golden hair falling in tight curls to his shoulders, blue eyes glittering as he gazed into mine. His lips were full, swollen from our heated kisses. His breath was warm on my face, flushed with heat, heat for him. Looking down his body, it only got better. He was chiseled muscle from head to toe, skin bronzed from the sun, body tight and lean, a swimmer's body. His velvety hard length was hot against my stomach, the soft hairs on his testicles tickling my nether lips. I watched him reach down to wrap a hand around his shaft.

"Are you sure you wanna do this, Amy?" he asked.

So polite.

I forced myself to lift my gaze from his cock, to look into his eyes, the eyes of a boy I'd had a crush on for so long. I was an awkward teenager in the beginning, a late bloomer. An only child, my social skills certainly weren't up to par. My parents weren't rich. It took a lot of hard work to get into the upper echelons of popularity, but I'd made it. I hadn't been alone. Sarah, my best friend since childhood, had helped integrate me into her social circles. She'd taught me how to make myself pretty before I had the body to make it so effortless. Granted, I wasn't a knockout compared to Sarah. She had big beautiful breasts, generous hips, a cute little nose, full mouth, and an ass to die for. I wasn't even a lesbian, and I would have fucked Sarah in a heartbeat -- if I'd been a guy, of course.

Sarah had known I'd had the hots for Trevor since grade school. She'd worked just as hard to get me into his line of sight, and finally, the summer after graduating high school, all that hard work had paid off. Summer break was ending. The first semester at college would start soon, but Trevor and I had had almost the full summer break to fool around. He was rumored to be very skilled with his mouth, and he certainly was. I'd spent the last hour coming my brains out under the relentless onslaught of his mouth between my legs. It wasn't the first time he'd gone down on me, but it was the farthest we had gone to date. Today, everything would change.

As I flicked my gaze down to his hard cock in his hand, I had to ask myself -- was I ready for this?

I wasn't a virgin, not really. I'd never had sex, but I was no stranger to toys, thanks to Sarah. She'd given me my first dildo. It was soft, easy to warm under the faucet, and from what I'd seen of real penises, quite realistic. When she'd first given it to me, I'd thought it was huge, but Sarah swore it was just above average. Specifically, Sarah said it measured exactly six and a half inches long. Whatever. The first time I put the thing inside me -- with her help, I should add -- it felt positively massive. Yes, my best friend helped me fuck my first dildo. There's a reason I love the girl.

Anyway, as it so happened, I almost didn't end up lying beneath Trevor, contemplating finally going all the way with him. Why? Turns out he wasn't as big as my dildo.

Let me be clear on this. I absolutely love fucking my dildo. I love the way it feels inside me, how it fills me up, though admittedly, I wouldn't mind if it was bigger, or longer. Still, my dildo is my second best friend in the whole world. When I saw Trevor's hard cock for the first time and put my hand around it, I was worried. He was just a little shorter than my dildo, and not as thick either. Not wanting to ruin my fantasies of him, I'd told Sarah that I was having second thoughts. Sarah told me to go ahead with it, that a real cock will feel different, better. She said Trevor may not be as long or as thick as my dildo, but his cock would be warmer, and harder, in a way. She said it would feel different enough to still be wonderful.

So there I was on Trevor's bed, lying on my back, legs spread wide, ankles crossed over his tight butt. My long black hair was draped over the pillow beneath my head, and some of it was spilling down over my shoulders. My pale skin stood in sharp contrast to Trevor's bronze. God, he was beautiful.

Did I want this?

I watched his hand stroke up and down his cock, gaze riveted to the tip, where a glistening drop of fluid formed, larger and larger until it oozed down the cleft of his crown. I had a moment frozen in time, wondering what it would taste like. It seemed strange that I didn't know what his cock or arousal tasted like, yet I was about to put both inside my body.

Did I want this?

Trevor looked at me through hooded eyes, waiting, rubbing the hard silky shaft of him against my button.

Yes, I wanted this.

I bit my lip and nodded.

Trevor smiled. "Cool."

Cool?  I thought, watching as he sat up and rolled a condom over his penis. He moved his body down and raised his hips, bending his dick down until the tip of it disappeared below the horizon of my neatly shaved mound. He was about to put his cock in me for the first time, and all he could come up with was cool?

I gasped when he rubbed the head of his penis up and down my slit, bumping my clit. He bumped my button a little too firmly, so it didn't feel very good, at least not compared to when I did it myself with my dildo, or when Sarah did it for me. His cockhead moved down, forward a little to open me up, then in one smooth push, he was inside me. The feel of him filling me up bowed my spine.

"God, Amy," he breathed, putting his hand back on the mattress to hold himself above me, rotating his hips. "You're so tight."

Sarah was right. He wasn't as long or as wide, but he was so warm, and so hard. I smiled up at him, eager to feel him moving inside me, to feel something better than my dildo. I didn't believe it was possible, but Sarah assured me it would be amazing.

Without buildup or warning, Trevor drew back his hips and began hammering into me, hard and fast. Hmm. Not as good as my dildo. I lay there patiently, waiting to feel that warm pressure building low my body, but...nothing.

"Does it feel good?" he asked breathlessly.

I lied. "Oh yeah."

Trevor grinned and fucked me even faster. Sarah was certainly right. A real cock was harder. I wasn't accustomed to it, and the feel of him so hard inside me was too different, too alien. I forced myself to relax, to fall into the moment, to concentrate on nothing but the feel of his hard length pushing in and out of me, just like Sarah told me.

After a minute or two, it started to feel kind of good. Not great, but good. It was a start. My eyes started to close when I felt him swell, getting a little bigger. Sarah had told me that would mean he was close. He stopped moving and I looked at him.

"You're gonna love this," he said, leaning back to hook one arm behind my knee, then the other. Trevor spread my legs wide and pushed up over me. The position raised my pelvis, and gave me a wonderful view of his cock in my pussy. "Hold on, baby."

Trevor dropped his hips and slammed his cock into me, thrusting almost straight down towards the bed. The angle felt wonderful, as though he was pushing deeper, and maybe he was. His hips became a blur. Okay, now it felt good.

"Oh gawd," I groaned, arching my back as much as I could. "Don't stop."

Turns out that was the worst thing I could have said. I should have heeded Sarah's warning about that.

Trevor's eyes squeezed shut. "Ungh!"

And just like that, just as it was getting good, Trevor pulled out of me, tore the condom from his cock and blew his hot load all over my face and chest.

"Trevor!" I squealed, closing my eyes as he pasted them shut with his spunk.

Well, at least he was nice enough not to get any of his jizz in my mouth.