 Chapter 13 Strange Revelations

Detective Howard Yamazaki was not in a good mood. He was three days from retirement. The last thing he wanted was to leave the department with a case unsolved. As of this morning every case was solved and his desk was clear for the first time in thirty-three years. Some cases had taken more than a decade to solve but solve them he did. Now after more than 40 years in law enforcement, he was tired and looking forward to a quiet retirement and spending time with his wife, his children, and his grandchildren. Then after lunch his captain called him into his office and gave him the bad news. 

A woman had reported her teenage daughter missing. To the officers on the scene it seemed like a typical runaway however between the families statements and the physical evidence there didn't appear to be any way she could have run away, and while the family insisted she was kidnapped there didn't seem to be any evidence to support that either. The Sergeant on the scene had ruled on the side of caution and called it a kidnapping and called in the crime scene unit and for a detective. 

Unfortunately for Howard, he was the only detective available at the time. He'd tried to refuse it and even though his captain was very sympathetic there simply wasn't anyone else to take the case. To make matters worse he was teaming him up with a rookie partner, Detective Andrea Jonson. 

Not only was Detective Jonson was known as the ditziest officer in the department's history but she was also referred to as the criminal's best friend. Since joining the force at the Police Academy she'd served numerous departments and in each one she'd caused untold chaos, mayhem, and destruction. He'd heard that several Meter maids, former partners, and even retired instructors still broke down crying at her name.

How she'd ever graduated from the academy much less stayed on the force was a mystery, but somehow she got results. Still, the first thing he did after picking her up from the station bullpen was to take her gun away from her. He had no intention of starting his retirement on a rubber donut.

Needless to say Howard was not a happy man when he arrived at the Andrews home. His mood only worsened after he got there. After questioning the family, he conferred with the patrol officers who'd responded to the call and with the crime scene analysts. He skimmed through Cinnamon's diary, and took a look at the house for himself. In his wake Det. Jonson dutifully followed taking notes in her brand new note book. 

"At least she's smart enough not to use a PDA. Maybe there's some hope for her after all." he thought. He well remembered the last time a new detective used a PDA and had his head handed to him after he'd been required to hand over his notes on a case only to find out the battery had died. While a battery had eventually been procured and the notes turned over it wasn't until after the department and the prosecution received black eyes from the defense attorney. 

Then as if to refute his thoughts Det. Jonson tripped over the threshold coming in the front door and landed flat on her face. Howard slapped his hand over his eyes and sighed. The teenage boy burst out laughing while Det. Andrea slowly gathered herself off the floor muttering in a very girlish voice "Owwie, owwie, owwie."

"Like the captain said 'It could be worse.' I could have gotten Miller." he thought as he shook his head and turned to the parents. Detective Miller made the most extreme feminist look like a girl scout. 

"Okay folks; based on the evidence I'm going to declare this to be a runaway. There's ample evidence that she wasn't happy here."

Mrs. Andrews leapt to her feet but Howard raised his hand to stall her. "Ma'am if this was a kidnapping the kidnappers would have contacted you by now about a ransom, not that you have anything to ransom." They hadn't gotten the Andrews financial recorded from the bank yet, but the statements provided by Mr. Andrews and the appearance of the house indicated that they had very little money to spare. 

"Give her a day or two", he continued, "and she'll probably come home on her own. Have a nice day." and with that he turned to head for the door. The other law enforcement personnel followed. 

Then Mrs. Andrews yelled out "What about her trust fund?"

Everything seemed to stop at that moment. Howard slowly turned his head to look at Mrs. Andrews. "Trust fund? What trust fund?" 

Mrs. Andrews looked extremely upset by her sudden statement. 

"What trust fund Mrs. Andrews?" Howard asked again turning from the door and walking towards her.

"What trust fund Honey?" Mr. Andrews asked surprised. 

Mrs. Andrews's shoulders slumped and she sat down on the couch heavily with a sigh. "Cinnamon's father left her a substantial trust fund after his death."

"How much is she worth?" Brad Andrews asked very interested in his step sister's new wealth. 

His father gave him a dirty look. "Brad don't you have a test to study for?"

Brad gave a disgusted sigh and stood up only to have Howard shove him back into the chair. "Now why didn't you tell us about the trust fund before?" he asked Mrs. Andrews while ignoring Brad's look of outrage. 

"It's supposed to be a secret. Her father didn't want her to know about it." 

"Uh huh" Howard replied doubting her. "And you have proof this trust fund exists?" 

Mrs. Andrews seemed to shrink in on herself. 

"Well Mrs. Andrews?" Howard asked sternly.

Mrs. Andrews sighed again. She hadn't wanted the lawyers to find out but now she had no choice. "Lionel Colman is the trustee of her father's estate."

Howard's eyebrows rose at that. Lionel Colman was one of the most prestigious attorneys in the state. If he was the trustee, Mrs. Andrews's daughter had to be worth some serious money.

If Howard was surprised, Mr. Andrews and his son seemed totally shocked. "Honey why didn't you tell me?" Mr. Andrews asked. 

She just shook her head at him.

"Mind if I use your phone to verify that?" Howard asked. 

Mr. Andrews nodded and said "Go ahead."

Howard picked up the phone and began to dial. At the same time he motioned to his partner to pick up another phone. Andrea nodded and walked towards the extension in the kitchen. Howard closed his eyes and took a deep breath as Andrea tripped over her shoelaces and went sprawling on the floor. 

By the time she'd picked herself up and got on the other phone the operator had already put his call through to Colman's office and he was on hold while his secretary contacted him. 

When Lionel Colman picked up the phone Howard told him why he was calling and asked to confirm Mrs. Andrews's story about the trust fund. The answers he received back were most interesting.

When he'd finished asking questions he thanked Mr. Colman for his time and promised to stay in touch and hung up. Turning to Mrs. Andrews he said "Well it looks like you get your wish Mrs. Andrews. From now on this will be a kidnapping case and we'll be calling in the FBI." He noted that Andrea was already on the phone.

Mrs. Andrews nodded and tearfully said "Thank you."

Howard nodded. "We'll do what we can on our end but from here on the case officially belongs to them. Good luck ma'am. Sir." he said and turned for the door once again. 

Det. Andrea Jonson hung up the phone and hurried to catch up. She laid a hand on his arm to stop him and asked quietly "Before we go may I ask a question?"

Howard shrugged and said "Sure. Why not?"

"Thank you." Andrea said with a smile.

Her smile quickly turned to a frown as she turned back to look at Mrs. Andrews. 

"Before we go Mrs. Andrews I just have one question." she said.

Mrs. Andrews nodded. "O-okay."

"Just what did you do with Cinnamon's body, Mrs. Andrews?" Andrea asked crossly

"A young girl, heiress to a fortune only one person knows about, goes missing under strange circumstances. It certainly does sound like a homicide." Howard thought, looking at his partner with new respect.