 Chapter 7

Mom got home shortly after we were presentable again. Sarah and I decided to go shopping at the mall, and we agreed to hang out for a girl's night when we got back. The mall was crazy busy, full of teenagers bouncing around in their energetic gaggles of friends.

"Hey, let's stop in at La Perla," Sarah suggested, tugging on my hand. "I need some new duds."

I followed her into our favorite lingerie store. "What for? It's not like you've got a guy to model it off to."

She shrugged. "You never know who might come along. Guys are supposed to keep a clean pair of underwear in their glove box, in case they're ever in a car accident. Girls are supposed to keep a new set of lingerie."

"In case we're in a car accident?" I frowned, not quite following.

Sarah grinned. "In case we accidentally find a guy to screw."

I laughed.

While Sarah headed for what I considered the naughtier side of the store, I browsed around for some no-frills underwear. I'm not against lacy stuff, but I had enough already, and what I really needed was some everyday-wear. There was a sale going on, so I picked up matching bras too. With an armful of stuff to try on, I went to find a changing room. Sarah caught sight of me and rushed over with a bundle of lace over her arm.

She frowned at my selections. "Girl, you need a healthy dose of feminine lace."

We found a large changing room available that had three mirrors at angles, so that you could really see what you were wearing. I glanced at her over my shoulder and made a face. "Sarah, I don't think feminine is my problem at the moment."

She laughed and set down her items, picking through them while I stripped. "What, are you thinking you need to pick up some jeans and flannel shirts?"

I slapped her ass, making her yelp and giggle.

I tried on the first set of lingerie, a simple light blue satin number, then the black set, which had a fringe of lace at the top of the bra and panties. I was stripping out of them when I caught a glimpse of Sarah, and it took my breath away. She was modeling a pure white lacy set in the mirror, demi-cup bra, barely-there panties, sheer stockings and a garter belt. The lingerie practically glowed against her smooth golden skin. Her dark hair was in a loose braid, trailing down her spine, revealing her lovely shoulders and smoothly muscled back. My gaze fell to her ass, so tight and round in the white panties that all but vanished in the crack of her ass, barely covering her womanhood.

Before I knew what I was doing, I had stepped close behind her. Her arms went up behind her head, fingers laced together at the back of her neck as she twisted her body to and fro, modeling in the mirror. Watching her made my mouth water and things low in my body got tight. My hands found her hips and she met my gaze, smiling. Sliding my hands up her sides, I stepped into her. My cock nestled into the warm crack of her ass. I hadn't even felt it come out.

"Naughty little girl, aren't you?" she teased.

I kissed her shoulder while smoothing my hands around to her stomach. Sarah closed her eyes and moved her hand to the back of my head, holding me against her, while her other hand found one of mine and pushed it lower. When I felt the trim of her panties on my fingertips, I slipped them under the fabric, delighting in the small patch of soft curls above her sex.

She sighed and said breathily, "Need to cop a quick feel, baby?"

"I have something else in mind," I breathed and pushed two fingers into her wet folds, making her groan.

I slid my other hand up her body to cup her bra-clad breasts. The cups were so low that I easily found her stiff nipple, tweaking it between thumb and finger.

"God, that feels good," Sarah moaned, her hand still over mine between her legs. She pushed, guided my fingers inside of her.

I nipped her ear. "I want you."

She giggled softly. "All yours, lover."

Hearing her call me her lover sent a shock rippling through my body. It released something inside of me, something I'd never known was there.

Fingering her boiling cunt, I shoved her panties down one hip, then the other, finally catching it with my foot and pushing it to the floor. When Sarah stepped out of them, I spread her legs and rubbed the end of my cock against her folds.

"God, yes," she sighed.

I pushed into her tight sheath, worked my way in after several thrusts. She was panting hard before I even bottomed out, but when I did, I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight against my nakedness.

"Ohhhh, you feel so good," she moaned.

I thrust slowly in and out of her.

Sarah turned her head to kiss my jaw. "So fucking hard."

"I love the way you feel," I told her.

"You too, baby."

I was thrusting harder now, lost in the feel of her tight clinging cunt, squeezing my shaft. She was so hot and wet that I moved in and out with ease. Sarah dug her nails into the back of my neck.

"Close," she gasped.

I slid my hand down her body and caressed her clit. "Come for me."

The effect was immediate.

"Uhhn!"

Sarah came on my cock, bathing my aching length with girl cum. I pounded into her, fighting to maintain a rhythm. Her wonderful pussy sucked and pulled on my thick dong.

"You gonna come?" she whimpered.

I groaned an affirmative.

Sarah pushed against my hips and withdrew her body from mine, turning around and falling to her knees.

"Then let's not make a mess," she said breathily.

Grabbing my cock with both hands, she closed her lips over the drooling head of my dick and jacked me off furiously. She got only a few strokes in before I poured my cream into her eager mouth. Sarah moaned with delight. I watched her throat work furiously to swallow my load, shaft pulsing outside her lips with every blast of thick cum. It seemed to take forever for my climax to subside. When she had sucked the last drop out of me, Sarah gazed into my eyes and slowly took me from her mouth, only to hold me against my stomach and lick a long line up my shaft with her tongue.

"God, Sarah," I moaned, legs shaking.

She smiled at me and licked her lips. When she leaned back, her gaze fell to my cock, where she paused to study it. "Interesting. You're not cut."

"Huh?" I blinked through an orgasmic haze.

"Well, you don't have any foreskin, but you aren't circumcised either," she said, running her fingers around my shaft just beneath the head. "Normally when a guy is circumcised, you can see the scar tissue, but you don't have that."

"Is that weird?" I asked.

She stood up and smiled, giving my flagging cock a squeeze. "Yeah, kind of, but it's also beautiful."

I smiled back and she kissed me sweetly. I could taste my cum on her lips and tongue. I had to draw away before I got hard again.

Sarah laughed. "Afraid you'll want more?"

I rolled my eyes and turned around to pick up another set of lingerie. "To say the least. I can't seem to get enough of you." 

She laughed again.

Chapter 8

We finished trying on our lingerie. When we went to the counter to make our purchases, we saw two of our friends there, Paula and Violet. We'd met them in junior high and had been good friends ever since then. Paula was built like me, tall and lean with dark hair, but her skin was ruddy brown, thanks to her Native American father. Violet was more like Marilyn Monroe, absolutely stacked, wide hips, soft body, milky white skin, bright red hair and a perfect hourglass figure. Her eyes were a pale shade of violet, more intense in color if the light hit them right, hence the nickname.

Both of them were quite pretty, but I found my gaze lingering on Violet. The only woman I had any sexual experience with was Sarah. Don't get me wrong, Sarah is beautiful, her body so tight and lean, but I wondered what Violet would feel like beneath me, so soft and full...and if her pussy was a tight as Sarah's.

I swallowed at the tight feeling growing in my belly, praying that my cock didn't take that moment to pop out and say hello.

"Hey guys!" Paula said cheerily.

She gave Sarah a hug, and Violet hugged me. Oh my God, she felt good. So soft, so much to hold on to. When she drew away, she gave me a funny look. Shit, had I just groped her? I hadn't thought I'd done anything like that. They change places and Paula hugged me next. Surprisingly, she was nice to hug too. Really nice. She felt tiny against me, and my stomach fluttered at the thought of overpowering her and fucking her into submission.

"What are you guys up to today?" Violet asked.

"Just shopping," I told them.

"Anything going on later?" Paula asked.

Sarah nodded and put her arm around my waist. "Girl's night with Amy and her mom." She gave me a meaningful look.

I glanced at the other girls. "Ya'll wanna come?"

"Sure!" Paula gushed.

Violet nodded, but she was looking at Sarah's arm around my waist. She glanced up at me and smiled knowingly, full glossy lips glistening. Man, I wondered how amazing those so-kissable lips would feel around my cock. Why was it that I thought of that before being worried that Violet suspected something was going on between Sarah and I?

Paula needed to pick up some swimwear and clothes for work, so we made our purchases and left La Perla to continue shopping. I couldn't seem to keep my hands off of Sarah. I was constantly touching her, either by standing really close to her, or resting my hand on her back, touching my fingers to her arm, whatever it took to maintain physical contact with her. At one point, while Violet and Paula were trying on bikinis, I went so far as to put my arm around Sarah's waist and tug her to my side. She looked at me at that.

"Can we talk for a second?" she asked.

Uh oh.

"Sure," I nodded.

Sarah took us a little ways away from the changing rooms and spoke quietly. "What's going on, Amy?"

"It's all the touching, isn't it?" I asked nervously. She nodded. "I'm sorry, I just...oh, I don't know." I gave a frustrated sigh.

"Hey," she stepped close and put her hands on my hips, looking deep into my eyes. "I don't mind the touching, but I'd like to know what the motivation is behind it."

I frowned.

Sarah smiled cutely. "Look, I'll be blunt." I braced myself for rejection before she continued, though what I was going to be rejected for, I wasn't exactly sure. "I like fucking you," she whispered, and I smiled widely at that. "If you're touching me 'cause you like fucking me too, that's okay. But if it's because of something more, something deeper, then..."

"Oh!" It finally dawned on me what she was worried about. "You're worried I'm falling for you."

"Exactly," she nodded. "Listen, I don't give a damn what anybody thinks about what we do. We're friends, and I love you, as a friend," she emphasized the last part. "Being bisexual doesn't bother me, and gay people don't bother me, but..." She chewed her lip for a moment. It was so adorable that I wanted to kiss her. "But I'm not sure if I'm okay with me being gay."

I blinked, confused. Where was she going with this?

Sarah ran her hand through her hair. "I mean, if I fall in love with you, that makes me gay, right?"

Good question. "I don't know, Sarah. I mean, if you did fall in love with me, but you still like sleeping with guys, then you would be bisexual, not gay, right?"

"Yeah," she nodded. "Go on."

"Well, this situation," I waved a hand between us. "Our situation, is kind of like that, isn't it? I mean, it's just you and me, but there is a dick involved, you know."

Sarah giggled and her expression lightened playfully. "Oh, most definitely."

I continued rationalizing this, and realized it was for both our benefit, not just hers. "So, in a way, I'm playing the role of both your guy and your girl."

Sarah looked deep into my eyes again. She sighed. "Yeah."

Something about her expression worried me. I got the feeling her emotions were really torn. "Sarah, what's this about?"

"I don't know," she looked away. When she continued, she still wasn't looking at me. I preferred to think it was because she was thinking things through, and not because she couldn't bear to see me. "It's just...I'm a little confused." Finally, she looked at me. "And I'm scared. I'm scared of how you might feel about me. I'm afraid of losing what we have, losing our friendship."

"I'm your friend, Sarah," I said gently, cupping her face in my hands, making her look at me. "Before anything else, I'm your friend, okay?"

Her eyes shimmered, but she smiled. "Thanks, Amy."

I nodded and let her go.

Sarah got a mischievous look to her eyes. "So, you know that Violet is bicurious, right?"

"I had a feeling," I told her. "Back at La Perla, I had my arm around your waist, and she noticed. There was something about the way she smiled, like it was from experience."

Sarah looked over her shoulder to make sure we were still alone, then nodded. "Exactly. But you don't know the half of it."

I knew Violet's reputation from school. She was known for getting around with the football team. Rumor was that if a guy scored a touchdown at a game, she would blow him, or fuck him. The blowing part was true, but not the fucking, at least not as far as I knew. Blowing the football team wasn't my cup of tea, but it didn't bother me. Violet was a fun gal. I liked her anyway.

"Is Paula bi?" I asked.

Sarah shook her head, then shrugged. "Not officially, but there are rumors among us girls about Violet."

"What kind of rumors?" I asked.

"Well, last year, Paula had this big date lined up with Brad. You know, the basketball captain? Anyway, she was really nervous about the evening, because she'd never had a real kiss before."

My eyes widened. "Seriously?"

Sarah sighed. "Yeah, her parents pretty much kept her locked away from boys for most of her life. Anyway, Paula told me, I told Violet, and Violet offered to show her how to kiss."

That wasn't shocking to me, mostly because Sarah and I had practiced kissing too. Hell, we still did, though it wasn't really practice anymore. Now we did it because we really liked how each other kissed. It felt good.

I shrugged. "What's the big deal about that? You and I did it."

Sarah grinned. "According to Paula, the kissing was so good that things got a little heated. Violet suggested they get themselves off, and Paula confessed that she had never masturbated."

I smiled from experience. "I see where this is going. Violet showed her how."

"Oh yeah," Sarah giggled. "Anyway, as far as I know, Violet is really good friends with some of the jocks. I talked to Violet's friend about this once -- you know Brad Wallace, right? -- anyway, you can't say a word about it," she paused until I gave my vow of silence. "Violet's actually gay, but her jock friends made up the story about her and them because she's not ready to come out of the closet so openly."

My eyebrows went up.

"There you guys are!" Paula gushed, approaching with Violet.

Violet gave me a long look, then asked, "Amy, you okay? You're a little flushed."

I fanned my face and lied. "Yeah, just dehydrated, I think."

Paula offered me a bottle of water she was carrying in her purse. Violet just gave me that knowing grin again.