 I woke up cuddled against a soft warm body. The scent of Sarah's hair gently pulled me out of whatever pleasant dream I'd been having. I couldn't remember much of it, except that it involved almost sticking my new dick in a pussy. Of course, I had no idea what it felt like to have my cock inside a girl. Maybe that's why I woke up right before the fun began.

No surprise here, but I woke up with a raging boner. I was spooned around Sarah, my bare breasts smooshed against her back, and my right arm was under her neck, tucked around her big boobs, my hand holding hers. More importantly, my hard cock was trapped between Sarah's warm thighs. I'd gone to sleep naked, having thought nothing of it, and apparently Sarah had joined me in a similar state.

I pushed up on my elbow to see her face, to see if she was sleeping. The motion tugged on my dick, and the friction of Sarah's soft flesh was wonderful, making me sigh. I slapped my hand over my mouth and froze.

Shit.

My dick was stuck between my best friend's thighs.

Double shit!

Very carefully, I moved my hips back. The sensation of my shaft sliding through her thighs was so good that I couldn't help myself. I thrust back in. I looked at Sarah's sleeping face. Dare I try it again?

Fuck it.

I thrust through her warm thighs again. It felt so good that I just kept on thrusting. Soon, I felt a warm slickness against my shaft and the heady aroma of arousal, only it wasn't just mine. Then it hit me.

Sarah's unprotected pussy was against my cock!

I stopped humping her legs long enough to gently take hold of her upper leg and pull it back, draping it over mine. This opened her up wide, letting my dick slide up her lower leg, the shaft now pressing firmly between her warm wet outer labia. Thrusting my hips, the lone hard line of my shaft pushed back and forth across her open twat. She was so warm, so wet. Good Lord, this was heavenly.

"Mmm," Sarah moaned.

I froze.

Her hand tightened over mine and I saw her smile. "I didn't know you got a new toy."

I didn't know what to say. For the most part, I just wanted to run and hide.

"Don't stop now, baby," she encouraged me.

Well, okay. Maybe she didn't mean for me to do what I did next, but I moved my hips, fit the drooling head of my cock at her opening, and pushed inside.

Warm. Wet. Tight. Oh gawd, so fucking tight.

"Oh my...Amy," Sarah gasped, arching her back. "Oh that...that feels..."

I pushed and pushed, spreading her open. She was so tight that I was afraid I was going to hurt her. For the first time in my life, I was on the outside looking in, so to speak, or to be more exact, I was inside of a girl, instead of a guy being inside of me. So, I just kept on pushing. On and on it went, her wonderful twat collapsing around the hard shaft behind the fat head of my cock.

"Amy that's...oh sweet jeezus!" Sarah shuddered when my dick was pushed as far inside her as could be in this position. She ground her ass against my pelvis. "Fuck me. Oh gawd, fuck me!"

I can't convey how relieved I was to hear her say that. Rolling us over, I lay on her back, pushed up onto my arms, and began sliding my thick cock in and out of her quivering body.

Sarah squealed, fisting the sheets near the headboard. The sounds she made were a mixture of pleasure and pain, and though I wanted to fuck her as hard as I could, I kept my pace steady but gentle. She felt so amazing, I had to tell her.

"You feel so good, Sarah," I breathed into her ear.

"Gawd, Amy, I-wait, what?" She started to sit up but my hips fell harder, driving my cock into her with more force. "Uhhn!"

"Too good, Sarah," I grit my teeth, struggling to prolong the moment, but it felt like her tight pussy was pulling me inside out. "Oh gawd, too good."

"Amy, I'm cumming!" she whimpered.

Something burst inside me, a climax unlike anything I had felt before. I rammed home into Sarah's body, surging deep inside of her for what felt like eternity, and the entire time, she was screaming into her pillow. When it was over, I collapsed beside her on my back.

"Oh. My. God." I gasped.

"Yeah," she mewled.

Something about her defeated tone made me laugh.

"Amy?" she said, face still buried in the sheets. "Did you just come inside me?"

Oh shit.

I sat bolt upright and hugged a pillow to my body, hiding the monstrous organ between my legs. Sarah sat up slowly, shaking a little, and sat beside me.

"That's not a strap-on, is it?" she asked.

I felt like crying. Sarah reached for the pillow.

"No!" I squealed.

"Come on, let me see!" Sarah yelled, grabbing the pillow to wrestle it away from me.

"No, Sarah!"

She jumped up in front of me and pulled on the pillow so hard that I came up off the bed. Both of us were off balance. Sarah fell flat on her ass, then I fell on top of her. That's when I realized the pillow was beside me on the floor, not between us. Before I could scramble away, I felt Sarah's hand on my pussy, but only my pussy.

Thank God!

"What the hell?" Sarah gasped. Sitting up, she knelt in front of me and looked down between my legs, then flicked her gaze up to me. "No way."

"What?" I asked innocently.

"That wasn't a strap-on."

"Of course it was," I scoffed.

"Fine," she stood up and put her hands on her hips. Her skin glistened with seat, and the way her chest and face were flushed, knowing I was the cause of that, that I'd just fucked, somehow it all made her even yummier. "Then let me see it."

I looked around and shrugged. "I probably lost it when I sat up so fast."

"Bullshit!" Sarah yelled, surprising me. She stabbed a finger in my direction. "You just fucked me, Amy. Do you hear me? You, you, just fucked me!"

"I'm sorry!" I yelled and stood up. "I didn't mean for it to get so carried away! I couldn't help myself!"

Sarah blinked at me.

I just went on and on. "You were so warm and so soft and you felt so good, and I was so horny and I just had to have you and ohmygawd..."

"Hey!" Sarah yelled, grabbing my shoulders. Her expression softened. "Do you think I'm mad because you fucked me?"

I hesitated, asked in a small voice. "Well, aren't you?"

She laughed. "No! I just wanna see what you fucked me with!"

"Amy, I didn't..." I started to lie, but she glared at me, so I gave up, took a deep breath, then sighed. Opening the drawer of my nightstand, I showed Sarah the statue of Freyja, complete with a giant phallus.

Her eyes widened at it, then me. "It worked?"

"I guess so," I shrugged.

"Sure felt like it worked to me," she laughed, then pointed between her legs. "There's the evidence, if you need it."

I glanced down to see a lot, and I mean a lot, of pearly-white cum leaking out of Sarah's swollen pussy.

"But wait," she said, blinking down at my crotch. "If you came in me, where are your balls?"

"Sarah!" I stomped my foot.

"What?" she asked innocently, leaving my room for the bathroom, where I followed her. "I mean, come on, you blew a huge load in me, Amy, so where did it all come from?"

"How should I know?" I squealed.

Sarah whirled around in the bathroom, grabbed my shoulders, then gave me a hard hot kiss. She drew away to look at me. "Calm. The hell. Down."

I nodded wordlessly and leaned against the doorframe as she started the shower. I couldn't keep her my eyes off of her mouth-watering ass, especially when it swayed from side to side. When Sarah bent over to adjust the water, I got a good look at her puffy labia, glistening from our earlier sexcapade. I remembered the way it felt to be inside her, so tight and warm, so perfect.

"Whoa!" Sarah jumped when she turned around, waving her hands. "Holy shit, Amy!"

Slowly, I followed her gaze. Sticking out from my groin was my cock, hard and eager. Hastily, I covered it with my hands and turned to leave the bathroom, but Sarah grabbed my arm and jerked me back in. The front of me smacked into the front of her and my hard throbbing dong was trapped between our stomachs.

Sarah told me firmly, "Don't you dare be ashamed of that, Amy."

"Are you fucking kidding me?" I balked and stepped back to gesture at the obscenity sticking out of my body. "Look at it!"

Sarah put her hands on her hips and looked at my dick, smiled, then looked at me through hooded eyes. "Honey, I am looking at it."

I sighed and tried to leave again.

"Hold it," Sarah grabbed my arm and dragged me further into the bathroom. She sat on the toilet lid and pulled me to stand in front of her with her hands on my hips. "Let me get a good look at this."

After years of exploring every inch of each other's bodies, I'd grown quite comfortable being nude around Sarah, but now, with a cock in play, I wasn't so comfortable. I felt like a bashful little girl again. I tried to cover myself with my hands.

"Stop!" Sarah grabbed my wrists and pushed them behind me. She held my wrists with one hand and grabbed the base of my shaft with the other. The feel of her soft warm hand on my cock made be gasp. "Wow. It's really warm."

"Sarah..."

She ignored me and shook her head in wonder. Her hand moved up the thick shaft and wrapped around the fat head. With her thumb, she applied pressure and rubbed up the backside of my cockhead.

I sighed blissfully. "Oh my...Sarah, you..."

"Shush," she hissed. "You're distracting me."

I was in heaven as she played with my dick. Her other hand came around and began exploring my soaking wet labia.

"You still have a pussy," she said in wonder, then shook her head. "I don't get it."

"Get what?" I asked breathlessly.

She shrugged. "Well, you don't have testicles, so what did you shoot inside me?"

"I really don't know, but I can tell you that it doesn't taste like the usual thing."

Sarah grinned. "Amy, did you eat your own jizz?"

"It was an accident!" I cried.

She waved her hands. "Okay, okay. No big deal." Sarah grinned again. "How did it taste?"

I grinned back. "Kinda good, actually."

"Really?" she scrunched up her face playfully.

Sarah leaned forward to inspect my phallus, close enough that I could feel her warm breath on my shaft. My gaze was riveted to her luscious mouth, and I couldn't help but wonder how it would feel to have my cock in her mouth. At the thought, my dick throbbed, the big head swelled, and a glittering drop of precum oozed out of the tip.

"Oh," Sarah giggled, massaging the head again. The drop of precum grew larger, and when she steadily worked her hand just beneath the crown of my cock, it dribbled with a heavy flow of the stuff. "Wow, Amy," she sighed, rubbing her hand over the head and smoothing the slick fluid down my shaft, pumping it fairly vigorously. "Guess you're pretty worked up."

"Yeah," I gasped.

Sarah jacked my cock, and I couldn't take my eyes off of her. Her hand felt so fucking good. My legs started to wobble and dump me forward, so I put my hand on her shoulder for support. Leaning over like that, the head of my dick was so close to her mouth that the heat of her breath was unbearable.

"This really is a beautiful dick, Amy," Sarah cooed.

Sarah just kept jacking me off, and the precum kept flowing. Soon she was pumping me with both hands, which were liberally coated with my slippery arousal.

"Sarah, I..." I gasped, the tight sensation in my belly growing. "I think...I think I'm gonna come."

"Oh yeah?" Something about the mischievous tone made me look at her. She smiled. "Then you're gonna love this."