 I hope you are enjoying the journey as much as I am. It has been a real treat to write this, and knowing that at least one person out there has been enchanted by Amy's story has made this effort worthwhile. This, by far, is not the end of Strange Days. There is much more to come.

Keep the comments coming, please keep voting, and if you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to drop me a line via email. I read them all, and I try to reply too.

-redskyes

Chapter 33

It was a little after three in the morning when I got home. As I expected, Sarah and Violet were sound asleep. I crept through the apartment, but quickly realized the futility of it. I wanted a hot shower, and there wasn't much I could do about the noise. Stripping out of my clothes, I fetched a clean towel from the cabinet and got the shower going. The tightness in my tummy hadn't let up since the photo shoot with Rose, so I stopped fighting my body. My penis slid out of me with ease, long and thick, but only partially erect.

Stepping into the shower, I soaked, lathered up, rinsed, then faced the wall and let the hot water beat down on my stiff shoulders. Today marked the first time I held a camera for almost five hours straight, and it was surprisingly hard work. I set my forehead against the wall, willing my body to relax. When I opened my eyes, I saw my cock hanging heavily between my legs, a little more swollen than before, thicker. I marveled at how my life had changed such a seemingly simple anatomical addition.

I don't know where it came from, but I suddenly recalled an article I'd read in one of those magazines for men. You know the kind. Almost an adult mag, but not quite, full of entertaining but otherwise useless articles. The one that sprang to mind just then was about shower soap for men, and the best brands that made washing a guy's junk a professional sport, or at the very least, a thoroughly satisfying experience.

Stepping out from under the spray, I grabbed the soap and leaned my shoulders back against the wall. When my hands were more than lathered, I wrapped both of them around the thick tube of flesh hanging between my legs. Funny, I'd never played with it before when it was soft like this. The texture was intriguing, the meaty feeling in my hands, and the surprising weight of it. Naturally, it didn't stay flaccid very long.

I took time exploring my cock, running my hands up and down the length of it, touching every inch with my fingertips, palms, or clenched fists. I smiled, watching the soap form a thick lather on my turgid pole, so hard the skin felt stretched paper thin. Strangely though, I couldn't seem to arouse myself anywhere near enough for release. Sure, I was hard as a rock, throbbing, and oozing enough arousal that I had to relather now and then, but still, nothing more than that. Then it occurred to me that my penis was sized for Sarah.

I wanted Sarah. Not my own hands.

Well, here's hoping she doesn't get furious at me for waking her up.

Stepping out of the shower, I toweled myself dry and approached her bed. Sarah had moved since I'd come home. She'd rolled over onto her stomach, arms out beside her, hands on her pillows. The sheet had been pushed aside, so that it only covered one of her feet. There was only a little light to see by, but it was just enough to highlight every curve of her body, every line of muscle, every sensuously soft swell of flesh. Her hair was tossed beside her on the pillow, exposing her lovely neck, leaving her beautiful profile there for me to admire.

Slowly, carefully, I crawled up onto the foot of her bed on hands and knees. I leaned down, kissed her left ankle, up her calf, tasting her skin, so soft and warm. She squirmed a little when I kissed the back of her knee, then again as my lips trailed up her thigh, as far inside as I could get with her legs spread only a touch as they were. I trailed a line of soft kisses up her ass and to the soft little triangle at the base of her spine, making her coo in her sleep.

As I worshiped her back, I trailed a hand up her right leg, across her thigh, and brushed the center of her with my fingertips. Sarah moaned softly, starting to wake up as I played with her, opening to my fingers, now wet at the tips. I trailed kisses up her spine, licked her shoulders, then I gently bit her neck.

"Hi, baby," Sarah moaned.

"Hi," I smiled against her neck.

Her nether lips were so soft beneath my fingers, as soft as her mouth, soft enough that I had the sudden urge to kiss her there. Crawling back down her body, I spread her legs with my knees and grabbed a pillow, pushing it under her pelvis. I lay down between her legs, licked and nibbled her ass and thighs. The scent and heat of her arousal was wonderful, making me shiver when I kissed her swollen labia.

Sarah gasped sharply, then she groaned when I pushed my nose into the crack of her ass and licked her from her clit to the bottom of her cleft.

"Gawd, Amy," she sighed.

I smoothed my hands to her hips and held her tightly, licking her with long strokes of my tongue, loving the taste of her, telling her as much. "You taste so good, Sarah."

She whimpered again, squirmed. I shoved my nose into her ass cracked and ate at her eagerly, pushing my tongue inside her, licking at her wet folds. I would have killed to have a tongue like hers right then. I giddily wondered which god or goddess represented monstrously long and large tongues, and if there were any statues for them.

Sarah whimpered and pushed up onto her hands and knees. "Come up here."

She took my hand, made me crawl up the bed. I wasn't sure what she wanted at first. When I was laying beside her, she kissed me, slow and deep, licking my mouth with that long tongue of hers, making my eyes flutter shut. When she moved, I opened them to look. Sarah was crawling over me, but turning her back to me. Then I knew. Her beautiful little pussy hovered over my face. She began to lower herself, and at the same time, wrapped a hand around my cock.

"Gawd, you're hard," she said, stroking me with her hand.

She took me into her mouth. I groaned at the feel of her warm wet mouth surrounding the end of me, of her tongue sliding down the front of my cock. Grabbing her hips, I pulled her down to me and eagerly clamped my mouth over her cunt.

We'd done this plenty of times before, but not since I'd been blessed with a penis. I was lost, floating free in heavenly bliss, having forgotten how very much I loved to pleasure her with my mouth. When she took me deep into her mouth and slid a hand down my shaft to work my weeping slit with her fingertips, I almost lost my concentration, almost forgot to reciprocate.

She took me out of her mouth with a wet slurp, stroke my spit-slickened shaft, and said huskily, "Amy, you have no idea how fucking good you taste."

Then she devoured my cock. Sarah worked her mouth up and down my length, taking more of me each time, until the end of me found the opening of her throat. I heard her take a deep breath through her nose, braced myself for what was to come. My cock pushed into her throat, slow, deep. So tight, so warm, so wet. I moaned into her pretty pussy, pushed my tongue inside her as far as I could. I was panting harder and faster with every inch of me she took into her throat.

"Mmm!" I screamed into her cunt when I felt her lips touch the base of my cock and she worked the muscles of her throat, swallowing against my hard length.

I wrapped my arms around her hips, crushed her hot sex to my mouth. The tip of her tongue flicked at my clit and I lost it, moving my hips, fucking her throat with short thrusts. She couldn't really make any sound, but I sure did. I was gasping, groaning, anything I could manage without taking my mouth from her delicious cunt. Every now and then, she would take the swollen head of my cock back into her mouth for a breath, then she'd take me into her throat once more.

My senses were quickly overwhelmed. I lost all track of time as Sarah devoured my cock, fucked me with her throat. I licked, sucked, and nibbled at her pussy, unable to get enough of her. Her body began to shake, shiver, and just knowing she was close to a cum pushed me closer too, made something swell inside me, delicious pressure, the brink of release.

I felt her hands grip my hips, fingernails dig into my skin. She pressed her lips to my root and twirled her head in little circles, rubbing my aching cock with her throat. When she pushed two fingers inside me, something inside me broke. I screamed my release into her cunt as boiling cum exploded up my shaft, poured down her throat. When she came, I swear her pussy tried to suck my tongue inside her. Warm girl cum trickled into my mouth, and I swallowed it down eagerly, hungry for more. I came so hard it felt like I pumped a gallon of cream into her stomach.

We came down slowly, pleasuring each other with our mouths. Sarah had taken me out of her throat to lick and kiss my cock. My head was flat on the pillow now, too lost in bliss to keep my mouth on her. Eventually, she moved, turned around and crawled up me. I felt her soft lips trail a line of kisses from my flagging cock up to my chest, where she licked a nipple, kissed up my throat, then covered my mouth with hers.

"Welcome home, baby," she whispered against my mouth.

I laughed quietly and hugged her, pulling her down against me, smoothing my hands down her body, kissing her again. We lay there for a while, kissing and petting. Sarah settled down to lay beside me, half across me. I was surrounded by her warmth, her affection, her love.

What a wonderful end to a day.

Chapter 34

Not surprisingly, I slept in late. When I woke, I was still beat, but rested enough to get up. There was no way I could pull a late shift at Dangerous Angels like that if I had to go to class the next day, but since it had been a Friday, it was worth a try. Crawling out of bed, I heard Sarah and Violet talking in the dining area, along with another voice, one that made me completely forget to put on clothes.

I ran into the dining room with a squeal and threw myself into Trevor's lap.

"Wow," he laughed, hugging me warmly. "I guess you missed me?"

"You tell me," I said, drawing back to look at him, then I kissed the crap out of him.

"I guess she did," Violet chuckled.

I drew back to look at Trevor again, already missing the taste of his mouth. The warm morning sun made his skin and hair glow. Gawd, he was beautiful.

"Yeah," he smiled at me. "I guess you did." Then he raised an eyebrow, smoothing his hands up my sides, thumbs just barely grazing my breasts. That one simple caress hardened my nipples. "So, do you make a habit of running around your apartment naked?"

I grinned. "Only when Sarah keeps me up late." I'd almost mentioned Violet too, but Trevor wasn't privy to that yet.

Sarah chuckled behind me. Trevor frowned at her, but said to me, "Well, I hope you have something left for me."

I couldn't see Sarah's expression, but she laughed. I dug my fingers into Trevor's hair and rubbed my bare crotch against his, made him look at me. "Take me to the shower and we'll find out," I said huskily.

Trevor suddenly shoved his chair back, with both of us in it, and stood straight up with me in his arms. I giggled and wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me to the shower, kissing my breasts.

"I missed you so much," he breathed into my chest, licking a nipple, then drawing it into his mouth.

I curled my fingers into his hair and sighed, "I missed you too."

Trevor set me down long enough to turn on the water, then he was all over me. It was a struggle to get his clothes off, which were soaking wet from the shower, by the way. When he was finally naked, I ran my hands down the front of his chiseled body, so different from the girls, so hard and masculine. He kissed me slow but deep. I smoothed my hands down his stomach to his groin, and his soft curls felt different. I explored him with my fingers. Even his balls felt different, smooth, no hair there at all, and they were hugely swollen, or it was my imagination. Seemed Trevor had done some manscaping since I'd last seen him. Definitely had to explore more of him later. Right now, I just wanted him.

He was so hard, he felt massive in my hands, the crown of him swollen so much larger than the shaft. I could actually feel him throbbing in my hands. Cupping his testicles in one hand, I wrapped the other around the base of his cock and slowly stroked him root to tip, making him shiver.

"Amy," he pleaded against my mouth, a bare whisper.

"What?" I smiled.

"I want you," he told me, voice low, husky.

I nibbled his lower lip. "Then take me."

Trevor cupped my ass in his hands and lifted me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and he pushed my back to the shower wall between sprays of water.

"What about the others?" he asked, adjusting his hips until the tip of him found my opening.

I shivered at the feel of his cock spreading my swollen sex, finding the hot center of me, but I had enough presence of mind to tease him. I chuckled, "I think you'd have to ask them if you can fuck them, Trevor."

He stopped nibbling at my throat to laugh, his cock still nestled just inside my wet folds. "That is so not what I meant."

"Don't worry about them," I told him, taking his face in my hands to kiss him. "Just fuck me."

Kissing and licking my lips, Trevor pushed into me. The feel of him pushing inside me threw my head back hard against the shower wall. He felt so huge, and he was so fucking hard. He had to work his hips back and forth a few times, but when he was fully sheathed in my body, I could feel him throbbing in my depths.

"Gawd, you feel good," he growled in my ear.

I dug my fingers into his hair and nibbled his neck. "So do you."

Trevor kept me pinned to the wall and drew out of me, then slowly pushed back in. The big swollen end of him rubbed over that spot inside me, making me shiver in his arms. Soon he was fucking me slow but deep, kissing my mouth, throat, shoulders and chest. If he could have moved his hands, I'm sure he would have, but even still, he was everywhere. He fucked me until I was shaking, until I couldn't breathe, until I cried out my release and felt him pulse hotly inside me. He stood there for a while, just holding me, his long hard length twitching in my cum soaked depths.

"Jeezus," he sighed into my neck. "I thought I was going to die if I had to go another week without you."

I giggled. "I take it you feel better now?"

He leaned back to smile at me. "For a few minutes, maybe."

I gave him a quick kiss. "Well, help me wash up and we'll see what happens."

Grinning, Trevor drew out of me and set me down. My insides clenched down on nothing. I think my body missed him too.

Don't get me wrong. I adored fucking my girlfriends, but there was a part of me that still wanted to play the role of the girl, to be taken by her boyfriend. Trevor made me feel feminine in a way that I didn't with Sarah or Violet. Again, don't take that the wrong way. I loved the role I played with the girls, that I could please them as a man would. I loved being the aggressor, the feel of them writhing beneath me, shivering around my cock. But they couldn't fuck me as a man would, and Trevor could. He gave me that part of sex that was missing with the girls. Truth be told though? I liked it that way. I liked that my girlfriends were women in every sense of the word. I liked our roles the way they were.

"Were you serious or joking?" Trevor asked while washing my back.

I looked at him over my shoulder, hands between my legs, cleaning up the mess we'd made. "About what?"

He smiled but he blushed too. "Having sex with your friends."

I smiled back, but replied honestly, "Not Violet."

He blinked at me. "You wouldn't mind if Sarah and I had sex? You can't be serious."

I shrugged. "Both of you are important to me." He flashed a huge happy smile at that. "And you already have to share me, so it's fair if I have to share you two with each other. But Violet and I are just friends, and it..." I struggled with how to say this. "I'd be jealous if it was Violet."

"Why?" he asked curiously.

I shrugged and turned to face him, letting my hands explore his hard body while the soap was rinsed away. "I know how Sarah feels about me, but with Violet...I guess I wouldn't be sure she wouldn't want you for herself, you know?"

Trevor put his hands on my hips and leaned in close to whisper, "Isn't she gay?"

I chuckled. "No. She just prefers girls. Strongly prefers, I should say." I cocked my head at him. "Why? Do you really want to sleep with them?"

He gave a quick shake of his head, eyes wide, "No, I just..."

I laughed and patted his chest. "I'm just asking, Trevor. No big deal."

He took a breath and said, "Honestly? Violet scares me a little."

I laughed again. "Honey, she scares me sometimes too."

"And Sarah," he trailed off, then added with a shrug, "I don't really know her. Besides, I love you, not her."

"You're so sweet," I smiled and kissed him.

What was supposed to be a quick kiss ended up being anything but. His hands cupped my behind and he pressed his body against me. I felt him getting hard again, pressing against my stomach, but not hard enough for sex. I don't think he wanted to have sex again anyway. I think he just wanted to hold me, to kiss me, and I was more than willing to accommodate him.

"Hey, guys," Sarah said from the threshold of the shower, making both of us jump and look at her.

She smiled at us, and I noticed her gaze lingered on Trevor a second or two longer than it did on me. Sarah was checking him out! To my surprise, knowing she liked what she saw filled me with pride, because he was mine, and because she was mine too, if that made any sense.

Trevor kept himself pressed against me, hiding what he could of his nakedness with my body.

"Ya'll might want to get dressed," Sarah said, stepping away and grinning. "The washer and dryer should be delivered any minute now."

"We're getting a washer and dryer?" I asked excitedly.

"Yep," she replied happily. "A gift from my dad."

"Yes!" I cheered, and I'll admit, I made a fist and punched it into the air.

Sarah shook her head and left us, laughing.

"How's school?" I asked Trevor, handing him a towel then getting one for myself.

"Kicking my ass," he grumbled, following me to my dresser and scooping up his duffel bag along the way. "My roommate is pretty cool though."

Sarah came around the corner and leaned against her own dresser. I saw her, but Trevor didn't. His back was to her, towel spread wide open as he sawed it back and forth to dry his upper back. "Met any hot girls?" she asked.

Trevor practically jumped out of his skin, snapping the towel around his waist. "Jeezus, Sarah!"

She laughed. "When did you get such a nice ass, Trevor?"

"I-wait, what?" he blinked at her, blushing furiously.

Sarah laughed again, thoroughly enjoying embarrassing him, apparently. "Anyway, hot girls?"

Trevor raised an eyebrow, no doubt unsure of how he should answer that.

Sarah grinned. "Violet's always on the lookout for fresh meat."

She laughed from the kitchen. "You got that right!"

All of us laughed. Trevor turned back to me, shaking his head. Behind him, Sarah caught my eye. She widened her eyes at Trevor and fanned her hand at her face, as though warding off a hot flash. I raised an eyebrow and grinned. Trevor noticed my expression and looked at Sarah over his shoulder, but she'd already wiped the expression from her face.

"What?" she asked, trying not to laugh.

He grinned. "I don't know. Trying to get dressed here, maybe?"

Sarah crossed her arms over her stomach. "Trevor, you're fucking my girlfriend. I could make the argument that I have a right to see, not only because of that, but because you've already seen all of us naked."
