 Chapter 22

"He said he loves you?" Sarah squealed, shaking my knees with her hands as she leaned forward, eyes wide open.

She'd picked me up in the RV a little while ago. We were sitting in it now, waiting for Violet to come out of her house and join us. I saw her come out with her parents, her dad carrying most of her luggage.

"So?" I looked back to Sarah. "What's the big deal?"

"What's the big deal? Are you fucking kidding me?" she laughed. "Honey, it's a huge deal! I mean, how do you feel about him?"

"I dunno," I shrugged. "I like him, a lot." Sarah raised her eyebrows as I admitted, "A whole lot, actually."

"But do you love him?" she asked.

I regarded her for a moment. It was both easy and difficult to answer. "What I know is how I feel about you, Sarah." All humor fell from her face. At first, I thought it was terror, but then realized it was surprise. "If what I feel for you is love, then no, I don't love Trevor."

Sarah shook her head. Her mouth worked, but nothing came out, then she grabbed my face and kissed me passionately. "I love you too," she whispered against my lips. My stomach flipped a thousand times in a single second, but it was the good kind of stomach flipping. Sarah kissed me again. She drew back before we could be seen by Violet's parents, then she met Violet outside.

"Hey, babe!" Sarah squealed and threw herself at our friend.

They giggled with Violet's mom, letting her dad store her luggage in one of the compartments outside, except for her handbag, of course.

"Take care, baby," her mom kissed her cheek.

"Call us when you get there, okay?" her dad said.

Violet said her goodbyes, and we promised to take care of her. Sarah climbed into the driver's seat. I plopped down into the passenger seat, and Violet settled on her knees between us.

"Great idea grabbing the RV, Sarah," she gushed, running her hands over the polished wood interior and soft leather seats.

"I know, right?" Sarah giggled.

Violet caught my eye and smiled. "Oh, and hi to you too, babe."

She rose up on her knees, grabbed the back of my neck, and French kissed the holy shit out of me. I was breathless when she pulled away.

"What was that for?" I asked.

"I missed your mouth," Violet shrugged, then glanced at my lap and flashed a playful grin. "Among other things."

I blushed furiously and Sarah laughed. When Violet left us to check out the rest of the RV, Sarah grinned at me. "She wasn't the only one that missed parts of you."

I blushed again, but with Sarah, I also managed to give her a coy smile. I was more comfortable with her. The developments with Violet were too new for me to just take those kinds of comments in stride.

"Any job interviews lined up?" I asked Sarah.

"Hmm?" she mumbled, then glanced at me. "Oh...yeah. You know the accounting firm my dad works with now and then?" I nodded. Sarah's father owned a software development company, one he started with his college buddies. His biggest client was an information technology firm in the middle of a huge software overhaul, one that included licensing her dad's latest and greatest stuff. "They're looking for college interns to help with some of the file conversions and disaster recovery tests. Boring stuff, but their office isn't far from campus, and I'll get to work on more interesting projects pretty quickly. They have a fast-track program that was just redesigned from the ground up, and they're eager to try it. What about you?"

I sighed. "I haven't gotten any callbacks yet."

"Nothing?" Sarah widened her eyes.

My passion was photography, specifically fashion model photography. I was stellar, if you believed my mom, but otherwise I think I was pretty good. I'd sent out my portfolio to twenty-two agencies across several states, pretty much anywhere I could afford to go to college. Three requested to see more of my work, and two of those were within an hour of NYU. That was months ago. I hadn't heard from any of them again since.

I shrugged. "We'll see what happens. Was thinking of pestering Armia tomorrow."

"Was that the one that asked for more of your work?" she asked.

"No, that was Dangerous Angels."

Sarah screwed up her face. "Strange name for a modeling agency."

"Not really," I smiled, watching her expression. "Their biggest clients are S&M manufacturers and shops. You know, cuffs, chains, restraints, dildos, strap-ons."

"No shit?" Sarah's eyes widened again. "Oh, you totally need to go work for them."

I laughed. "I'll admit, it sounds fun, but that's not exactly the kind of work I was going for."

"It's not any less reputable than anything else, you know."

"I know," I admitted.

Sarah glanced at me again. "Besides, didn't Barry Watson end up working there?"

Barry was a fairly big nerd from our high school, five or six years ahead of us. His little brother was a friend of Trevor's. I'd met Barry a few times. He was tall, gangly, awkward with girls, but his photography was incredible.

"Yeah, he did," I told her. "Don't get me wrong, his work is beautiful. He can make anything look professional." It was true. Barry maintained a blog showcasing samples of his most recent work. One of my favorites was a series he did of women in the throes of lovemaking, usually involving restraints, strap-on dildos, and some very interesting sexual positions, but no actual moneyshots or anything. Barry managed to capture the beauty of the models, the ecstasy on their faces, the joy of the moment. "I don't know, Sarah. I don't think I'm good enough for that kind of thing yet. Dangerous Angels isn't exactly a starter firm. They're looking for real talent."

"Have you ever tried shooting anything like that?" she asked.

"No, actually, I haven't."

Sarah gave me a coy smile. "Well, I guess we'll have to come up with something."

I raised an eyebrow, definitely intrigued.

"Did I just hear you guys talking about strap-ons?" Violet asked as she made her way back to us.

Sarah and I giggled.

Twenty minutes later, Paula was giving her mom and dad one last hug, then it was our turn with her mom. While Violet gave Paula and her mom a tour of the RV, Paula's dad spoke quietly to me and Sarah.

"Paula has been talking about nothing but the sororities. I know she'll only be staying with you this week, but keep an eye on her, okay?"

"We will, sir," Sarah promised, and I nodded in agreement.

"Thanks, girls," he smiled.

Back in the RV, we hit the road. Sarah was gushing about Trevor professing his love for me. Paula was absolutely beside herself with giddiness, whereas Violet was more reserved. Paula was up front with Sarah, and Violet and I were lounging on the couch, so we had a little privacy.

"She's taking it rather well," she commented.

"Who's taking what well?" I asked.

"Sarah," she laughed, patting my thigh. She left her hand there though. "I'm surprised she wasn't bothered by what happened with you and Trevor."

I frowned. "Why would she be bothered?"

Violet raised an eyebrow at me. "Honey, that girl is crazy in love with you."

"Really?" I asked, surprised. I knew Sarah cared about me, loved me as a friend, but that was it. Although, now that I really thought about it, Sarah had all but confessed feeling something more for me. When we'd been shopping in the mall, she'd told me that she was afraid of how things were going to change between us, how she might come to feel about me. She kind of hinted that her feelings for me were intensifying, and it scared her. "I guess," I shrugged. "She definitely loves me, but I don't think she's in love with me."

Violet grinned and stroked her fingers up my thigh, precariously close to my groin. "Sweetie, I'd fall head over heels for anyone with a cock like yours."

"Oh, stop," I playfully slapped her hand.

We chatted on the couch for a while. Violet had turned to face me, crossing her legs under her. She was dressed comfortably just like the rest of us, a pair of exercise shorts and a tank top. I couldn't help but notice the cleft of her pussy beneath the tight fabric of her shorts. Remembering how soft and full the lips of her puffy cunt had been made things tighten inside me.

"Earth to Amy," she said.

I blinked up at her. "I'm sorry. What did you say?"

With a grin, Violet smoothed her hand down between her legs. "Did you want some of this, sweetie?"

I flushed with embarrassment, tried to say something, but could only swallow.

"Wait here," Violet jumped off the couch and bounced up to the front of the RV. She set her hand on Sarah's shoulder. "I'm gonna borrow your girlfriend for a bit, okay?"

"Have fun," Sarah laughed.

"What did she mean?" Paula asked as Violet came back, grabbed my hand, and hauled me off the couch.

"She's horny," Sarah chuckled.

"Oh," Paula said slowly, then she laughed and called after us. "Oh! Get you some of that, Vi'!"

I felt my cock coming out of my body before Violet got us into the small bedroom at the back. Closing the door, she turned to face me, leaning her shoulders back against the door and striking a sexy pose. She looked me up and down, then fixed her gaze on the huge bulge under my shorts and tee shirt.

"Mmm," she licked her lips and pushed away from the door. Taking my shoulders, she sat me down on the foot of the bed. "Have a seat, sweetie. Let momma take care of you."

I laughed as she leaned in and pushed my tee shirt up over my boobs. Violet tugged my shorts and panties off and threw them aside.

"Oh my gawd," she gasped when my cock was exposed, long and thick. "You're so hard already." She reached out and lightly touched the root of my shaft with her fingers, running her other hand up my length. She cocked her head and smiled. "Is this for me?"

"I suppose it could be," I teased her, raising an eyebrow.

Violet smiled and played with my cock for a little while, jacking me off with her hands while she kissed, licked and nuzzled my swollen breasts and hard nipples. Every now and then, she would gather the glittering drops of fluid from my tip and spread it over my shaft, slickening her hands. It felt fucking awesome.

She stood up and tugged on my cock, so I stood up with her. Violet pushed her shorts off. She hadn't been wearing panties. Guess she planned ahead. She peeled her shirt off and kissed me, turning us around as her tongue probed my mouth. My dick throbbed between us, the fat head of my cock dripping with arousal high on her stomach. Good lord, she could kiss.

"You're so fucking hard," she breathed into my ear, one hand cupping my butt and the other stroking me with a clenched fist.

Still holding my dick, Violet sat on the edge of the bed and laid back. I spread her legs with my arms behind her knees, then I leaned down to lick her tits and suck on her big nipples. Her tits tasted so sweet. Soon she was writhing beneath me, my hard cock rubbing against her stomach.

"I can't get over how big you are," she told me. I felt her hand exploring me again, fingers smoothing down my shaft and underneath until her fingertips found my drooling slit, making me gasp. "You really don't get this big with Sarah?"

I shook my head and drew my hips back, dragging my cock down her body. When the fat end of me dragged over her puffy mound, I shivered.

"Fuck me," she hissed.

Grabbing my cock with one hand, I lined it up and rubbed myself into her wet folds, getting myself nice and slick with her arousal.

"Hurry," she pleaded breathily.

I pushed my dick into her juicy cunt, shivering as her warm wet walls collapsed around me. I moaned, pushing a little deeper and held myself there, reveling in the feel of her body around me.

"Ohmygawd," Violet whimpered. "More. Please, more."

Fixing my gaze where our bodies were joined, I pushed the rest of the way, watching as my wide shaft gradually disappeared into Violet. She got tighter and wetter the deeper my cock slid inside her. When I had her fully cocked onto me, I sighed and leaned down to lick and kiss her tits again.

"You feel so fucking good, Amy," Violet hissed, digging her fingers into my hair.

I began fucking her slow and deep. Within seconds, I knew I wouldn't last long. I was too horny and she was just too tight and wet. I increased the pace of our fucking, driving into her harder, faster.

"Oh gawd, yes," she moaned, licking her lips. "Fuck me. Fuck me, Amy. Jeezus, fuck me."

Spreading her legs just a little wider, I managed to cram more of my cock into her. Violet clung to my forearms as I fucked in and out of her soft body, gaze riveted to her bouncing tits. I couldn't get over how good she felt, the soft walls of her hot core squeezing me, milking me. Remembering the awesome fuck the day before with Trevor, I dragged her down the bed until her ass was hanging over the end, then I leaned down until her knees nearly touched her shoulders, tilting her pelvis up. Every time I thrust down into her clasping cunt, my cockhead nudged against her cervix.

"Ohgawd!" Violet wailed.

My thick dick slashed in and out of her with ease, she was so wet. It felt like I was fucking a cauldron of magma. Suddenly, her cunt went berserk on my tool.

"Coming!" she squealed and creamed on my pistoning dick.

I fucked her through her climax. By the time her second cum took her over, I was getting close to my own. Violet panted wantonly and pushed her mountainous breasts together with her hands.

"Come on my tits," she gasped.

That did it. Hot cum shot up my shaft. I pulled out of her and blasted her with a pinkie-thick stream of thick jizz. It shot out so hard that it pasted her with a line of cream from her navel to her chin. Gasping for breath, I shot wad after huge wad of cum all over her heaving bussom.

"Yes," Violet hissed, pursing her lips like the vixen she was. "So much cum."

More cum blew out of me. Violet smeared the warm goo all over her tits until the entirety of her soft mounds were shiny with the stuff. When it was over, I let my cock slap against her stomach and eased her legs down, then fell on my back beside her on the bed.

Turning over, Violet crawled up the bed over me, dragging her tongue up my shaft and giving the head of my cock a brief suck. She licked one of my nipples and kissed me, shoving her tongue into my mouth. Her big cum-coated breasts made a mess of my chest.

"Thanks, babe," she smiled down at me, brushing hair out of her eyes. "That was fucking delicious."

 

Chapter 23

After we cleaned up and got back into our clothes, Violet and I made our way to the front of the RV. She squeezed my hand affectionately. I plopped myself down on the couch while she rummaged around in the refrigerator for something to drink.

"I should make you drive for a while, Vi," Sarah grumbled.

Violet giggled. "Happy to, babe."

Sarah glanced at her in a mirror. "Have you ever driven an RV?"

"No," she shrugged.

Sarah grumbled again. "Thought not."

Violet strode up and kissed Sarah's cheek. "Don't worry, babe. I'll be sure to leave some for you." Sarah laughed, then Violet turned to Paula. "You really should try it, honey."

Paula glanced at me for a moment and blushed furiously. "I...I'll just...I mean I..."

Violet and Sarah giggled.

At girl's night, Paula had been the one to kick off the ultramolesation of me in front of the television. She'd been free with her kisses, but that was all. Well, kind of. When Sarah'd convinced me to reveal my girlcock to them, Paula had actually been the first to ask if she could touch it, and the first to make the move to do so, only Violet had beaten her to the punch, fairly tackling me. Paula liked playing around with girls, that much was obvious, but I wondered if Violet blowing the shit out of me on the living room floor had scared her off. Paula didn't seem weirded out by what was going on between Violet and Sarah and I, but she didn't seem interested in partaking either. I respected that.

"Leave her alone, girls," I chided them, giving Paula an encouraging smile.

"Just playing, sweetie," Violet patted Paula's shoulder.

We arrived at campus late in the afternoon, just enough time to register for orientation. We had already pre-registered, so we got to use the fast lines. It was a sea of perfume and cologne, and sweaty bodies. It was too damned hot for this many students. When that was done, it was time to check out our prospective apartments. One of the leasing offices stayed open late for us. The apartment was nice, plenty enough room, but I thought they were asking for a bit much.

After grabbing a bite to eat at a small bistro, we got settled into the RV. Violet and Paula got set up on the couch, which unfolded into a small bed, while Sarah and I took the bedroom at the back. Stripping down, I started to pull a night shirt out of my bag.

"You won't need that," Sarah told me.

I looked up to see her climbing into bed, naked as the day she was born. Her big boobs wobbled on her chest enticingly as she moved. Grinning, I dropped the night shirt and climbed into bed beside her. Sarah shifted under the covers, straddling me, pushing her hair aside and kissing me deeply. Her warm breasts smooshed against mine, nipples hard. Licking the roof of my mouth, making me moan for her, Sarah smoothed her hand down my belly and took hold of my aching erection.

"You're not wasting any time," I laughed breathily.

Gazing at me heatedly, she rubbed me into her folds and sank right down on my cock. She was so fucking tight I groaned, grabbed her hips, and dug my fingers into her warm skin. She hadn't quite made it all the way down when she rose up, leaving only the end of me still inside her, then speared her body with my cock again, only deeper this time.

"I missed you," she breathed, kissing me sweetly.

I smoothed a hand up her back as she slowly fucked me. She was so tight and warm, so wet. Pushing up onto her arms, Sarah rode me, pushing both down and back as I began thrusting up into her.

"You fuck me so good, Amy," she sighed.

I cupped her breasts in my hands, loving the feel of her nipples digging into my palms.

"Pretty sure you're doing all the fucking," I chuckled.

Sarah laughed and sat up straight. Every last centimeter of my long dick pushed inside of her, the head of my cock snuggled deep in her clasping vagina, pressed against the end of her. She shimmied her hips for a little while, massaging her insides with my hard length. Sarah leaned back further, her hands on my thighs. The position pushed my cockhead hard against her warm upper walls, making my shaft throb. Her head hung back and her chest rose and feel with deep gasping breaths.

Sitting up, I crossed my ankles behind her and gripped her hips, holding her in my lap. I ground her down onto my cock, rubbing her warm wet walls with every inch of me. I leaned forward and licked her breasts.

"Ohgawd," Sarah cooed. She hugged my head to her chest, fingernails digging into my back and shoulder.

Leaning back a little, I licked and kissed her beautiful nipples, sucking them into my mouth, teasing them hard and harder until she shivered with every swipe of my tongue and nip of my teeth. Grabbing her ass with both hands, I heaved her up. Sarah got her feet under her, and together, we fucked her up and down my aching dick. The feel of my wide cockhead pushing her open, back and forth, slow and deep, it was simply amazing. I could stay inside Sarah's pussy forever and be perfectly happy.

Grabbing my hair, Sarah jerked my head back and kissed me hard, all tongue and teeth. I fucked her harder, faster. My cock swelled in her cunt.

"Gonna come," I warned her.

"Gawd, yes," she gasped between kisses. "Spray your goo in my little cunt, baby."

I groaned loudly, my dick jerked hard, and a torrent of hot cream blew out of me. Sarah jerked in my arms with every hot pulse, massaging my spurting cock with her steamy cunt. Soon, warm cream was flowing out of her overstuffed pussy and down over my wet slit.
