 Chapter 9

Finished with our shopping, we left the mall. We made plans for everyone to come to my house around seven for dinner. On the way back home, Sarah leaned towards me and pointed out my window.

"That's the store where I bought your idol."

On a whim, I made a quick left turn and parked.

"What are we doing?" Sarah asked, climbing out of the car.

"I'd like to talk to the shopkeeper," I told her, locking the car.

Sarah followed me inside. The place was dimly lit, but what I could see was a chaotic mess. It looked like an antique store, but there was no organization to it at all. Two customers, a man and woman hand-in-hand, where talking to who I presumed to be the shopkeeper. She was about my mom's age. She had long light brown hair that fell almost to her rear end in tight braids with silver beads. She was wearing a simple cream colored dress. No, it was a toga, I realized when she turned a little and revealed a bare shoulder. Her skin was golden, almost glowing with warmth. She wore plain leather sandals, and her fingers, wrists, arms and ankles were rife with glittering silver rings and bands of various designs, no two of which appeared to be the same. She flicked her gaze past the couple to us, and her eyes were an amazing bright blue. She shifted her feet, and I couldn't help but notice the curves of her body beneath the toga. The woman was beautiful, gorgeous, stunning, everything that defined the word 'feminine'. She looked like a goddess.

I noticed Sarah blush when the woman smiled at her.

"Come on," Sarah said, taking my elbow. "Wanna show you something."

I followed Sarah further into the store. When we passed the couple with the shopkeeper, I noticed the young woman was holding an idol too. I only got a glimpse of it, but it looked like a women similar to mine, but with her belly swollen from pregnancy.

"You saw the toga Helena was wearing?" Sarah asked.

I assumed Helena was the shopkeeper and nodded.

Sarah smiled. "Look at this one."

She drew out a garment from a rack. It was a toga too, but it was very sheer. I could see Sarah right through it.

"How do you think I'd look in it?" she asked.

My lips turned up in a slow smile as I imagined her in the gauzy toga. I replied softly, "Beautiful."

Sarah smiled widely and draped the toga over her arm. "Then I'm getting it."

I noticed the rack was full of similar togas. Sarah saw me looking and pulled another one with its hangar. "Helena said these are ceremonial."

"For what kind of ceremonies?" I asked.

Sarah shrugged. "What do I care? They're gorgeous."

I chuckled.

I heard the shop door close and looked up to see the shopkeeper coming over.

"Hello again, Sarah," she greeted her.

"Hi, Helena," Sarah smiled warmly and shook her hand.

Helena gave me a gentle smile. "This must be Amy."

I nodded and shook her hand. It was very soft and warm, like a grandmother, though she looked far too young for that. "Nice to meet you," I smiled.

Helena clasped her hands behind her back, and it pushed her chest out. Her full firm breasts were clearly outlined beneath the fabric of her toga, including her nipples. Strange that I noticed those kinds of things now. "How can I help you?"

I bit my lip, unsure of how to start. I gestured at Sarah. "Um, Sarah bought an idol from you recently."

Helena grinned at both of us. "Yes, I remember. A very powerful artifact."

"She gave it to me, as a gift," I told her.

"Did she now?" Helena's eyebrows went up and she grinned wider, looking at Sarah. "Well, that certainly explains the glow of supreme satisfaction."

Sarah smiled and blushed furiously.

"I take it you know what happened?" I asked.

Helena nodded. "I do."

"So how do I make it go away?"

She looked at me for a moment. "Do you want it to go away, Amy?"

I thought about it, chewing my lip, then shook my head. "Not permanently or forever, no." Helena smiled, but I continued. "But I can't have it just...popping out every time I get, you know, riled up."

Helena waved for us to follow her to the store's main counter. She offered tea and we accepted. "The answer is easy, but the solution isn't, I'm afraid."

I nodded for her to go on and sipped at my tea. Sarah scooted closer to me, her hip touching mine.

Helena looked at me. "You just have to control your urges, dear."

I scoffed. "Are you serious? That's not a solution."

Helena smiled. "It is a solution, but as I said, it is not an easy solution. It's the same for men, and it isn't easy for them either."

I laughed incredulously. "I can't have this thing appearing and disappearing all the time. If anything, my damn clothes can't accommodate it."

Helena raised an eyebrow and smiled mischievously. "My, my. That large?"

Sarah held her hands out, palms facing in. "Wall to wall."

I blushed and jerked her arms down. Helena laughed loudly. When I glared at her, she smiled sheepishly and put her hand over mine on the counter. "Listen, I know this is difficult, adjusting to the change within you, but you'll get the hang of it. Give yourself time to get to know your body and your new desires."

I sighed with frustration.

Helena arched an eyebrow. "Or, you can simply end this."

"End it?" Sarah asked cautiously.

Helena nodded and looked at me. "Will it away, and it shall be."

Sarah moved closer to me, pretty much hugging my side. "Do you want it to go away, baby?"

Hearing her ask me that, her voice so sweet, and even a little possessive, the way she called me 'baby', I knew my answer instantly, for now, at any rate. I looked at her and shook my head. "No, I don't want it to go away." I turned to Helena. "But it's not just...it. It's my desires too. I can barely look at Sarah without getting aroused, and when I do, I can't control myself."

Sarah giggled and hugged her arms tight around my waist. "That's the honest-to-God truth."

Helena smiled. "But you don't react this way to everyone?"

I thought about it. "Not as strongly, no."

"You're friends," Helena shrugged. "You're comfortable with each other. You were already intimate, if my instinct serves me," Both of us nodded and she continued. "You love each other. Isn't it natural that you would respond so strongly to the woman you love?"

I swallowed nervously. Yes, it was natural, I thought, but I wasn't sure I should say so out loud. Less than an hour ago, Sarah had expressed her fears about us, about not knowing how she felt about us yet.

"Baby?" Sarah asked, stroking my far hip with her hand.

I gave her an uncertain look.

Helena set her hand on mine again. "Honey, I didn't mean the forever or happily-ever-after kind of love. I was referring to a love that transcends all, the love of a friend, of family. It's a love that goes beyond every other, a love that forever love is built upon."

Sarah kissed my temple, nuzzled her nose into my hair.

"Yes," I whispered, turning my head to look at Sarah. "I do love her."

She smiled at me, eyes glittering with it.

"Then don't worry about it," Helena said, making a push-away gesture.

I nodded. "I guess you're right."

We talked a little while longer about the idol. Helena didn't actually know all there was to know about the idol, but she had many others of various deities, all of which were powerful, to varying degrees. I asked her how it was that she wasn't famous, selling magic statues and all, and Helena said that her customers cherished their gifts, and they respected her enough not to blab about them. Finished with our tea, we thanked Helena and started to leave.

"Oh, hold up," Sarah said, getting Helena's attention. "I have a question."

Helena nodded. "Go ahead."

Sarah touched her lips with her finger, then blurted out. "What is she shooting out when she comes?"

"Sarah!" I hissed, blushing furiously.

Helena laughed loudly. "How should I know?"

When Helena had settled down, Sarah asked. "I guess I'm asking if I need to worry about Amy getting me pregnant."

Helena smiled and shook her head. "No, honey. Amy is all woman."

"Cool," Sarah bounced on her feet and took my hand. "Let's go home and you can show me exactly how much hard woman you are."

I blushed again, but my tummy tightened at the thought. Helena laughed warmly as we left.

 

Chapter 10

On the way back home, I shook my head. "I can't believe you asked her that."

Sarah chuckled and patted my leg. "Hey, if you're going to be shooting that creamy goodness inside me, I'd like to know what it is, or more importantly, what it isn't."

"Creamy goodness?" I grinned.

"Oh yeah," she purred, sliding her hand over my thigh. "Definitely creamy goodness."

"Aren't you on the pill anyway?" I asked, trying to ignore her caressing hand, which was moving higher up my thigh, making my stomach tighten again.

"Naturally," Sarah said, then she shrugged. "But maybe you have super-sperm or something."

I laughed. "You're kidding, right?"

Sarah smiled up to her eyes. "You have a cock, Amy. I'm open to lots of possibilities right now."

I laughed again.

"Speaking of being open to ideas," Sarah said, releasing her seat belt.

"Hey, what are you...?" I started to ask, trying to watch the road, since traffic was kind of heavy. Suddenly, Sarah hiked up my skirt and pulled my panties away from my groin. "Sarah!"

"Mmmm," she purred between my legs, her breath warm against my bare mound. "Looks yummy."

I opened my mouth to protest, but her tongue licked up my slit. That tight feeling in my stomach intensified, almost unbearable, then abruptly released. My goddess-given cock had never come out of me while hard, and the feel of every hard inch of it sliding out of my body was incredible. It was like having a hard dick sliding out of my cunt, but far more intense, and freeing somehow. I felt the side of Sarah's head brush against my stomach and the bottom of my breasts as she rose up to give me room.

Sarah giggled. "Wow, you should see the way this thing pops out of you."

"I've seen it enough," I sighed, then spoke through my teeth. "Now get away from there and let me drive."

Sarah wrapped her hand around my cock and took me into her mouth, making me groan. Her warm wet tongue licked around the end of me. She smacked her lips while her hand slid up and down my shaft.

"God, you taste good," she breathed.

Sarah took me into her mouth again. She worked her hand on my shaft tightly, stroking my entire length, while slurping noisily on my crown.

"Sarah, I'm...trying to drive here!" I cried between breaths.

She took her mouth off me and spread her saliva over my shaft, jacking me off. "Don't you wanna come?"

Her hand was warm and familiar. My dick jumped in her grasp. "Sarah..."

She took me into her mouth. So warm. So soft. So wet. Her hand caressed my shaft while she fucked me with her mouth. Sarah took me out of her mouth again, stroked the back of my dick with her thumb, just beneath the flared tip.

"You wanna come in my mouth, right?" she asked huskily, licking the end of me with a quick swipe of her tongue. "That's what you want, to make me swallow all your thick creamy goo?"

"Jeezus, Sarah."

She gave me a quick suck. "You can, you know." She sucked me again, deeply. "You can put all that hot cum in my stomach, fill up my mouth with it." Sarah slid her lips down my shaft until the end of me touched the soft opening of her throat, then she drew back. "Come in your lover's mouth, Amy."

With that, Sarah slurped hard, fast, deep. My hips moved of their own accord, driving me deeper into her mouth, nudging the top of her throat. Sarah moaned around me, hand moving up and down my shaft, twisting back and forth. I fought to keep my hands on the steering wheel, when what I wanted to do was grab her hair and fuck her wonderful mouth. I couldn't take it anymore.

I held her head against me with one hand and groaned my release. Hot cum surged up my shaft and poured into her mouth. Sarah moaned, swallowed rapidly, flattened her tongue against the underside of my cock and let me fuck her mouth with short thrusts of my hips. Somehow, I managed to not get us killed in a car accident, but the distraction of having to drive severely diminished the intensity of my climax. Still felt good though.

Sarah took her time gently sucking and licking my dick as it softened. When she let it go, I felt it pull back into my body. If I hadn't been so shocked, I probably would have stayed hard. After all, the girl certainly knew how to give a blowjob. Sarah settled back into her seat and buckled in. She smacked her lips and looked at me.

"What do you think we should have for dinner?" she asked nonchalantly.

I laughed, eyes wide. "Are you fucking serious?"

"What?"

"Sarah!" I cried, laughing again. "You just blew me in a moving vehicle and you want to know what's for dinner?"

She shrugged, completely unfazed. "I'm hungry."

I narrowed my gaze at her. What I said next surprised me. "I should feed you my cock for dinner, maybe even all night."

Sarah bounced her eyebrows. "Promise?"

My eyes narrowed even further. At that point, I was considering agreeing to that promise, if only because the thought of claiming her mouth for my own pleasure was incredibly arousing, enough so that I felt my stomach tighten again. I tried to think of anything that was absolutely not arousing. An image of my grandfather naked did the trick. Here's to stumbling upon your grandparents skinny dipping in a lake under a full moon. Cheers.

"Hey, I have an idea," Sarah said conspiratorially, bouncing her eyebrows. "We should take Violet to Helena's, maybe get her a statue of her own."

I laughed. "Sarah, that's just..."

I was going to say ridiculous, but trailed off, suddenly wondering what it would be like for Violet. I also couldn't help but wonder what it would be like if Sarah had a cock too, to feel her sliding in and out of me. And oh my gawd! Would we be able to fuck each other at the same time?

"Amy? You okay?"

"Whu?" I blinked at Sarah. "Oh, sure. Mind wandered."

"Yeah? Where to?" she grinned knowingly. "Must have been somewhere nice, cause you're hard again."

"I don't-wait, what?"

Sarah pointed between my legs. Sure enough, I was hard again, tenting my skirt obscenely. I groaned with frustration and willed my penis to go away, which it did. Hey, I was getting the hang of this!

"Hey, good job!" Sarah gave me a genuine smile and patted my leg.

I smiled back.

"Hi girls!" mom called from the kitchen as we walked into the house. "How was the shopping?"

Sarah practically bounced into the kitchen with her bags in hand. "Linda, you just have to see what I got today."

Mom saw her holding the La Perla bags and grinned. "Oh, naughty wear?"

Sarah laughed. I only blushed furiously. Sarah took my mom's hand and pulled her out of the kitchen. "Come on, Linda. If you like what I found, I'll take you myself for a fitting."

I shook my head at them as they left me in the kitchen, smiling ear to ear. My mom was definitely a young soul. She may be in her early forties, but she still knew how to have fun like a teenager. Part of me was hoping Mom would really like the so-called naughty wear that Sarah got, so that Mom would get some of her own. She really needed to put herself out there and date, in my opinion.

"Oh, honey?" Mom called out from the living room. "Don't let the sauce burn, okay?"

"Got it, Mom!"

Setting my bags down on the kitchen table, I gave the marinara sauce a stir. There were carrots, green peppers and turnips on the cutting board for salad, so I finished slicing them up. A few minutes later, Mom and Sarah came back downstairs.

"I hope you don't mind," Sarah was saying. "But they weren't doing anything tonight, and I thought it would be fun for all of us girls to hang out."

"Not at all," Mom patted Sarah's back as they breezed into the kitchen. "I like Violet and Paula. We'll have enough food for everyone. You get more garlic bread ready." Sarah nodded and went for the refrigerator. Mom looked at me. "Honey, let's whip up some more sauce."

I nodded and helped Mom with the sauce while Sarah prepped the garlic bread.

"What time are they coming?" Mom asked some time later.

"Seven, I think," I told her.

Mom glanced at the clock, then back at us. "Oh, well it's almost time. You two go ahead and change into something more comfortable. I'll finish up here."

Sarah and I bounced out of the kitchen and headed upstairs. As I watched Sarah's tight ass sway back and forth, I realized I was really looking forward to a night with the girls. But there was something else I wanted first.

 

Chapter 11

In my bedroom, Sarah shimmied out of her tight jeans beside my bed, pushing her underwear down with them. Her back was to me, so she didn't know that I was already naked from the waist down, and my cock was sticking out from my body like a huge pipe. When Sarah stood back up I slipped in behind her and snaked my hands under her shirt to cup her soft breasts.

"Hey," she giggled, laying her hands over mine outside of her shirt. "What do you think you're doing?"

I pushed the long shaft of my cock between the tight cheeks of her ass. Sarah pulled her hair to the side, exposing her neck. I gave it a long lick and nibbled her ear. "Taking you."

"Oh yeah?" she giggled, reaching behind her to cup me in her hand. "What if I don't want to be taken?"

I wrapped my hand around hers and pushed my cock down between her legs, rubbing my shaft back and forth through her warm cleft. She was already a little wet. "You don't want this?"

Sarah sighed and her body gave a little shudder. "I don't know. It's tempting though."

With my cock nestled between her legs, I slid my hand around to her soft curls to gently stroke her folds with my fingertips. I felt Sarah's other hand slide against mine before she wrapped it around the head of my cock. Her hand quickly grew slippery. I looked over her shoulder to see clear arousal oozing steadily from my tip.

"Is there something you want to do with this?" she asked, fondling both the base of my shaft and the end of me at the same time.

I nibbled her ear again. "I wanna fuck you before the others get here."

Sarah turned her head to kiss me. "Then do it."

Putting my hand on her back between her shoulders, I pushed, bending her over until her upper body was on the bed. Sarah fell with a grunt, her arms stretched out above her head. She rose up on her tippy toes, presenting her lovely ass to me. I shuffled back, grabbed my cock and rubbed the drooling head up into her slippery cleft. She grunted when I pushed inside.

"Oh fuck," I hissed, feeling her soft walls clamp down on my dick.

"Jeezus, you're big," Sarah groaned, trying to move away from me. "Are you bigger now?"

I could barely breathe as inch after inch of my thick pole disappeared into her body. "I don't know. Maybe."

I worked my hips back and forth, slowly working deeper into her oily cunt.

"God, you're so deep already," Sarah gushed.

The sight of my cock glistening with her arousal, moving in and out of her tight pussy, was breathtaking. Her ass was so tight. The way her back curved and her hair spilled over one shoulder onto the bed was so pretty. I worked my hips faster, fucking her with over half of my cock, but I wanted more. I pushed in slowly but forcefully, shoving my cock deep into her body until I felt the end of her.

"Oh-ooohgawd!" Sarah came suddenly, surprising me with both of the speed and intensity of her climax. Her cunt sucked and pulled on my cock, and I almost came too, my belly tightening wonderfully. I didn't want this to be over too quickly, so I pulled out of her, her tight pussy making a sexy sucking sound. "Wh-where are you going?"
