 Hi, everyone! Sorry for the delay, but this latest segment turned out much longer than I anticipated. For comparison, chapters 22 through 26 were about 33 pages in Word. This segment was over 111! I had no idea how much I had written until I took a breather last weekend. Hindsight being 20/20 and all that, I probably should have posted chapters 27 and 28 earlier, just to give you something to tide you over, but I think it will work out better this way.

Also, a quick note: I update my biography page here fairly regularly, so if you're curious about what's going on, what the status of the next part of the story is, you can probably find answers there. On feedback, I'm much more likely to respond to you via a comment than I am from an email you send me, so if you have questions, hit me up in the comments. I check them daily. Besides, I kind of appreciate the anonymity of the comment system. I'm shy. Sue me. :)

Now, on to Strange Days!

Chapter 27

A few days later, Sarah stood beside me, her arm around my waist. Phillip came back from the kitchen with a pair of socket wrenches and joined us. Violet was showing the movers where to place our meager furniture. Not that we brought much; our beds, a nightstand and dresser, and a small desk for each of us, and we agreed to bring only Violet's vanity, since hers was more than big enough for all our girly things, and it had enough room for two of us to sit side by side.

The elevator door slid open with a groan, revealing four hulking and sweaty guys leaning against the sides of the elevator. The center of it was filled with what would become a platform for my photography studio. Working in pairs, they hefted pieces of the partially assembled platform and shuffled out of the elevator. With these four added to the mix, there were now nine big and brawny young men in our apartment.

"Over there, guys," Phillip pointed to the north-west corner.

As the guys made their way over, I said quietly to Phillip. "I can't believe you did all this."

"Did what?" he smiled.

I waved my hand around the apartment. "The construction of the platform, the physical labor to move it here, the guys to unload the moving truck; take your pick."

Phillip gave an easy laugh. "No big deal. There's never a shortage of college students hurting for cash." He gestured at the sweaty guys around the room. "They'll paint your house, mow your lawn..."

"Mow your lawn? Is that some kind of euphemism?" Sarah asked playfully.

Phillip laughed. "No, but they're guys, so I'm sure they'd mow your lawn for free," he used air quotes, then he frowned. "I don't think you'd want them doing that though. I mean, what guy our age has that kind of finesse, you know?"

Sarah and I chuckled.

By noon, the moving truck was unloaded, and the apartment was once again an estrogen heavy zone, aside from Phillip. Sarah was helping Violet unpack our stuff while Phillip and I assembled the platform. It had been designed in pieces, to make it easier to move, the various parts held together with bolts. The guys that built it even made a short flight of steps that led up to a twenty foot runway. In total, it only cost me about eighty dollars. Violet and Sarah picked up the tab for the other guys.  

The intercom by the elevator buzzed so I ran over to get it.

"Hello?" I said. Not being used to intercoms, I probably should have just asked who was there, rather than acting like I'd answered a phone, but oh well.

"That you, Amy?" Tabitha replied.

"Oh, hi!" I pressed the button that would unlock the lobby door. "Come on up."

Moments later, the elevator came to a stop on our floor and Tabitha breezed in. She looked beautiful, and she wasn't even dressed up. Her long hair was pulled back in a tight braid, and she wore a simple purple tank top and black cotton shorts with white sneakers. Even dressed down, the girl was devastatingly attractive. What a bitch. I'm kidding, of course. Okay, maybe not entirely.

"Oh wow!" she gushed, turning in circles as she surveyed the apartment. "This is awesome!"

Violet and Sarah went over and gave Tabitha a welcoming hug.

"Can you believe it?" Sarah said.

Tabitha put her hand on her chest. "I'm so jealous of you guys." Then she noticed Phillip standing beside me and she raised an eyebrow. "Oh, who's this?"

"This is our friend, Phillip," I explained hastily, making my way over to Tabitha, with Phillip in tow. Wouldn't do to have her blabbing to her brother that she thought I was sleeping around with another guy. "He got some guys to unload the truck for us."

Tabitha looked him up and down. It wasn't hostile, but it wasn't entirely friendly either. "How very generous of you."

Phillip gave her an easy smile. "Not really. I'm just trying to get laid, obviously."

I laughed.

"She's taken," Tabitha inclined her head at me.

"That's okay," Phillip shrugged. "I'm not picky."

All of us laughed then. Tabitha's eyes sparkled with it. We barely knew Phillip, but even though he wasn't by far the best looking guy on campus, he could be really charming when he wanted to be. He was confident, I knew that much. I think he was just really comfortable with who he was. It was also entirely possible that his relationship with Mona had something to do with it. After all, ever since I began fucking my best friends, my confidence in myself seemed to have shot up about a gajillion levels. It was incredibly freeing, being able to truly be yourself, and on every level imaginable, with those that were important to you. Even Violet was coming out of her shell.

"Amy and I were just putting together the stage," Phillip told Tabitha and held up his socket wrench. "Care to help?"

"Stage?" she blinked, then stepped past us. "Oh, wow! This is great!" Tabitha smoothed her hand down the runway. It had been sanded and painted flat black until we could cover it with shiny laminate -- that was Phillip's idea. She glanced at Phillip. "You designed this?"

"No," he scoffed and went over to join her. "My dad did. I told him what I was looking for and he emailed the plans to me. I got some guys to build it. Can't really take any credit."

She gave him a level look, then smiled. "You really are looking to get laid."

"Always," he smiled.

I chuckled and joined them, holding up my own socket wrench. "Shall we?"

Between the three of us, we got the platform and runway assembled pretty quickly. Phillip and I stood back to appraise our work, while Tabitha strutted her stuff up and down the runway. She moved with the practiced grace of a model, one foot in front of the other, hips swaying seductively, one hand on her hip, her other arm swinging freely. I slid my gaze up and down her figure as she moved. Damn, that girl had amazing legs. If Tabitha really did want to be an actress or model, she was set.

Tabitha stopped and turned to face us, then said to Phillip, "I can't believe you did this for just eighty dollars."

"Well, there's another form of payment I haven't mentioned yet," he replied and looked at me. "I get to use it too."

"Done," I smiled.

"Anyone else getting hungry for lunch?" Sarah asked, slipping her arm around my waist and tucking me against her side. There was a chorus of agreements. "Why don't you guys pick something up and bring it back. Amy and I can keep going at it."

"Sure," Tabitha nodded, then said to Phillip and Violet. "I'll drive."

Violet gave me and Sarah a knowing grin as the elevator dropped out of sight.

Sarah left my side and headed for our sleeping area. We'd talked about getting privacy screens until we could have walls put up, but for now, our bedroom was open to the apartment. Sarah's bed was beside mine, separated by our nightstands. Neither of us were really worried about the lack of privacy, nor was Violet. After all, the three of us were fucking each other. Well, technically, I was fucking them. Violet and Sarah hadn't actually been together yet, either with or without me.

"I could use a shower," Sarah said, rummaging around for a change of clothes.

The air conditioner had been running full blast, but with the privacy door to the elevator open most of the morning, we'd worked up quite a sweat. The apartment was cool again, leaving us sticky.

"Yeah, you could," I teased.

"Hey!" Sarah yelled, throwing a pair of her black lace panties right in my face.

I laughed and looked at the lacy underwear in my hand. "Hey, I remember these. Didn't you get these that day at La Perla?" I looked up at her and my mouth fell open. Sarah was buck naked.

She stepped into the big shower and got the water going. "Yep," she nodded, then grinned at me over her bare shoulder, her lovely ass pushed out towards me. "Although, if I recall, we didn't just shop, did we?"

I shook my head and smiled. "No, we didn't."

Sarah turned to face me and tipped her head back to soak her hair. The movement pushed her big boobs out and up, stretched her flat stomach. My mouth watered as I openly ogled her from across the room, and I felt my belly tighten seconds before my cock slid out of me, straining against my shorts. Moving forward so that the water was spraying against the back of her neck, Sarah smiled. "Are you coming?"

I nodded and hurriedly stripped naked, leaving a trail of clothes behind me. Sarah chuckled as I hobbled over to her, pulling off my socks. She glanced down at the hard cock swaying back and forth heavily between my legs, then she grinned at me. "Is that for me?"

"Definitely," I breathed, stepping into the shower.

I moved to embrace her, but Sarah turned around and pushed her beautiful ass out. "It's been a few days. I hope you still remember how to use it."

Shuffling closer, my cock slid between her legs to poke out the other side. I felt her warm wet hand wrap around my shaft and stroke over the end of me, making me gasp. "I think I can figure it out," I whispered, settling the front of my body against her back.

"Good," she whispered over her shoulder, spread her feet apart, and rubbed the swollen head of my cock up into her wet folds. "Because I've been dripping wet all day."

I shuddered at the feel of her heat kissing the tip of my dick. Holding her hips, I thrust, pushing my cock into her tight heat. "Oh gawd, Sarah."

"Uhhn!" she groaned and threw her head back onto my shoulder.

She was so fucking tight, so hot and wet. I pushed deep, her molten flesh snug around my cock, bathing me in her soft heat. There was a little resistance at the end, but I just didn't have the patience. Wrapping my arms around her, I held her tightly and pushed the last few inches of my cock deep inside her.

"Jesus, you're big," Sarah gushed.

I slid a hand down her flat stomach and over her soft mound, fingertips finding her swollen clit. "You're so warm."

Sarah reached up behind me and dug her fingers into my hair. "Fuck me."

Moving my hips, I slowly drew out of her until only the end of me was still inside her, then I pushed back in.

"Ohmygawd...you're so hard," Sarah groaned, pushing back to meet my thrust. I slid out and pushed back in. "I love the way you fuck me, baby."

I shivered against her and began moving steadily in and out of her incredibly tight heat. The way her warm pussy caressed every inch of my length was indescribable, overwhelming. I held her tight and moved only my hips. My thrusts were short, but still so deep.

Sarah smoothed her hand over mine between her legs, so I slipped mine over hers and helped her caress her clit. I fucked into her more firmly, wanting nothing more than to feel her coming on my cock. I nipped her ear and whispered, "Come for me, Sarah."

She gasped sharply. "Oh my...uhhn!"

My cock was suddenly awash with her cum, her hot flesh squeezing me so tightly, almost as though trying to push me out of her. I held her even tighter, thrust hard, smooshing her ass against my pelvis. Sarah's hand made a fist in my hair as she came. I kept my aching cock deep inside her. When I felt her start to come down, I smoothed both hands up her body and cupped her tits, teasing her nipples with my fingers, then I started fucking her again.

"Oh gawd, Amy," she whimpered, leaning to the side and turning her head to kiss me. "Don't stop. Don't ever stop."

I fucked my cock harder into her body. She was so wet now that I moved in and out with ease. In moments, I was pounding her with my thick dong, filling her up with every thrust, my pelvis slapping against her ass with loud smacks.

"Fuck me, Amy," Sarah growled against my mouth. "Fuck me forever."

I shivered. Something swelled inside me, tightened, almost painfully. I kissed her hard and deep, licking her teeth and the roof of her mouth. She took it as a challenge, and her much longer tongue shoved past mine to lick at the entrance of my throat. Sarah turned away from the kiss with a gasp and violent shudder as another climax began to ripple through her body and down the length of my pounding cock. I buried my face in her neck and bit her there.

"I'm yours," Sarah whimpered, then she said desperately, "Come with me, baby."

My cock swelled, throbbed, pulsed.

"Sarah!" I gasped.

Hot cum exploded out of my dick, spilled into her cumming cunt, filling her in seconds. I crammed my spurting cock as deep into her body as I could, felt the end of me rub against her cervix.

"Yes!" Sarah groaned, thrusting back against me, rubbing my cockhead with the end of her sex. "Right there!"

I twirled my hips, rubbing the walls of her quivering pussy with my jerking spurting girl-dick. I poured a torrent of hot cum against her cervix, so much that I felt it bathing my length in swimming heat. I shuddered and held her tightly until our orgasms quieted. Sarah's head lolled forward, and I laid mine on her shoulder. Her chest was heaving, and every now and then, her spunk and cock filled cunt would squeeze me deliciously.

"Ohmygawd," Sarah whimpered, then she laughed breathlessly. "That was so fucking good."

I laughed with her, loving how it made my dick twitch inside her. Sarah put her hand on my hip and pushed. I drew out of her with a little pop and stepped back. Turning around, Sarah pushed her wet hair out of her eyes and threw her arms around me, hugging me tightly. I wrapped my arms around her waist and held her, then I felt her jerking against me. Was she crying?

"Sarah?" I said softly, sliding a hand up her back.

She jerked harder. Definitely crying. My concern for her overwhelmed the intimacy of the moment, and I felt my now soft penis pull itself back into my body.

"Sarah, what's wrong?"

She shook her head and only held me tighter.

"Talk to me, sweetie," I cooed, stroking her smooth back.

"I don't...I just..." Sarah sobbed, then she laughed, still crying. "I don't know what's wrong with me."

I leaned back and cupped her face in my hands, making her look at me. Her eyes were red from tears. It took a moment for her to look at me. When she did, she laughed nervously and looked away, rubbing at her eyes.

"Sorry about that," she waved a hand.

"Are you okay?" I asked, letting a hand fall to her shoulder, still cupping her cheek with the other.

Sarah nodded and looked at me. "Let's not talk about it."

I just looked at her for a moment. She really didn't want to talk about it, whatever had overcome her. I saw so many emotions in her eyes, affection, fear, joy, and sadness. I didn't understand what this was all about, but I knew she wouldn't tell me, no matter how hard I pushed. So I just nodded.

"Okay."

Sarah let out a breath she'd been holding, then she hugged me again, even tighter than before. She sobbed in my arms a few more times, then she moved and kissed me, hard. It was all tongue and teeth, desperate, so passionate. As quickly as the kiss had begun, it was over. Sarah drew away from me and started washing her hair. We showered in silence and got dressed, then resumed unpacking our things.

I wasn't sure what to think, and I was worried. I'd never seen Sarah like that before. She caught me staring at her. She looked at me over a box she was unpacking. Both of us jumped to our feet when we heard the elevator coming up. Sarah glanced at the elevator, then back at me, her expression almost unreadable, maybe afraid. There was a moment there where I felt nothing but pure terror, as though some part of me knew I was about to lose her, or at least lose my lover. But then she smiled and mouthed the words 'love you'. I smiled back and felt my eyes well up with tears.

The elevator door opened.

"...can't just do nothing," Phillip was saying. "That's just...wrong."

"Right?" Violet agreed.

Sarah and I stepped into view, and I asked, "What's wrong?"

Phillip jerked a thumb over his shoulder at Tabitha. "She's turning eighteen in two weeks and she isn't having a party."

I hooked my thumbs in the back pocket of my shorts and shrugged. "So? I didn't have one either."

Phillip was slow to reply. Violet and Tabitha breezed past him with bags of food, and Sarah followed them into the kitchen. I realized Phillip was staring at my chest, and had been since I'd put my thumbs in my pockets. Okay, so I guess I was kind of pushing my tee shirt clad tits out.

"Phillip, up here," I waggled a finger at eye level.

He swallowed, met my eyes, and blushed furiously. "Sorry, I-" he shook his head and blinked. "What were you saying?"

I laughed and went to the kitchen. "I didn't have a party for my eighteenth birthday."

"Seriously?" he asked, setting his elbows on the counter on the other side of the kitchen. "You didn't do anything?"

I glanced at Sarah, who grinned widely at me, then glanced back to Phillip. "My mom made my favorite breakfast, but no, not really. Just hung out with Sarah for most of it."

Violet chuckled to herself.

Phillip glanced at her, then back to me. "That's just odd. I mean, you turn eighteen once, you know?" He looked to Violet and Sarah then. "What about you two?"

Violet beamed. "I had a huge blowout for my eighteenth."

"Same here," Sarah nodded.

"I don't care about being eighteen," Tabitha said, getting an alcohol-free wine cooler out of the refrigerator. She twisted the cap off, took a long drink, and smiled at Phillip. "I'm looking forward to the big twenty-one."

"Exactly," I gestured at her and looked at Phillip.

He shifted from one foot to the other. "Yeah, but...I mean, we can't do nothing."

"We?" I raised an eyebrow and smiled. Sarah came up beside me and wrapped her arm around my waist. "Phillip, are you offering to throw Tabitha a party?"

Phillip blanched and looked at all of us, since we were staring at him as a group now. "Well, I...I don't..." he stammered, then he smiled and shrugged. "Sure. Why not?"

"Ohhhh, that is so sweet," Violet cooed.

Tabitha snorted and raised an eyebrow at Phillip. "He's just trying to get into my pants."

"Not until after your birthday, I'm not," he scoffed, making a push-away gesture with his hands.

All of us laughed.

After lunch, we attacked the apartment again. With five sets of hands, we were done just as the sun was setting. The stage was set up, my tripod was out, and my camera was the last thing to unpack. Tabitha, Violet, and Phillip were admiring the results in the sleeping areas. I padded across the apartment to set up on my camera on the tripod, but when I looked up, I came up short.

Sarah was leaning against the wall, looking out the windows. Her arms were crossed over her bare stomach, thanks to the short tee shirt, one knee slightly bent with only the toes of that foot on the floor. Her long hair was still pulled back in a loose braid. The orange light of the setting sun was washing over her, and I swear to you that she looked like an angel. Smiling, I moved to the side, lined up the shot with my camera, and took four rapid-fire pictures. I knew without checking they would be perfect.
