 Chapter 15

Pushing up on one elbow, I wrapped my free hand around the fat shaft of my cock, just beneath the head. Experimentally, I lifted the huge schlong. It was surprisingly weighty. Looking around, the bath tub was a complete mess, not to mention me. Thick cum coated the tiled wall behind my head, the back of the tub. I was practically lying in a slowly draining puddle of rich creamy seed, and my entire upper body, including my face, was thickly glazed with the stuff. I'd only ever seen so much come in hentai flicks. It was obscene, laughable, and unexpectedly arousing. There was also the fact that I was giddily proud of myself.

When I was done marveling at the cumtastrophe of the tub -- see what I did there? -- my gaze was drawn back to my cock. It's length hadn't changed at all, and the shaft was only slightly less wide now. Like a beloved pet, I caressed the hot spongy dick lying heavily against me, and once again hefted it in my hand. Barely able to recall the taste of my cum during the or-apocalyptic-gasm, I bent my spine and took the spongy cockhead between my lips, running the flat of my tongue over the tip, then through the big cumslit at the very top. Thick cream gushed into my mouth, and it occurred to me that the volume was about as much as a normal guy would produce in a single orgasmic pulse.

I savored the creamy texture, the musky flavor, letting it glide down my tongue and into my throat. Holy shit, I tasted good. I just lay there in the tub in a haze again, lazily slurping on the end of my drooling cock, swallowing down the remnants of a truly monstrous cum.

A loud knock at the door startled me, making me yelp.

"Amy? You okay in there?" Sarah asked.

Violet called out too. "You need a hand?" She asked, chuckling at the end.

"Or a mouth?" Paula added.

I couldn't help it, I laughed too.

"Just a minute," I told them and sat up to turn on the water.

My cock was laying heavily over my hip, almost curling back on itself against the side of the tub, the bloated head on my left thigh, nestled between my legs. I really needed it to go away, and for a moment, I was afraid of something that big trying to find space in my body. Then I got an idea.

Before the water could get warm, I diverted it to the shower head. Frigid water cascaded over me, making me take a sharp breath at the sudden cold. I watched as my dong rapidly deflated before my eyes, shortening and thinning into something much less monstrous. Over the space of a few seconds, my penis eventually withdrew, sucked back up into my body, making me shiver with delight as every inch of the retreating length put pressure under my clit. When the wide head finally popped inside, I actually had a tiny cum.

I sat there shivering until the water warmed, then stood up. Just as I finished rinsing the pearly white cum from the tub and wall, the bathroom door swung open. I returned the shower head to the cradle and stepped under the spray, quickly rinsing the remnants of thick jizz from my hair and body.

The shower curtain flew open, revealing all three girls standing there.

Violet pouted. "Aw, did you diddle yourself without us?"

"Sorry," I chuckled and shrugged. "Couldn't help it."

"You're no fun," she playfully huffed and left the bathroom.

"Don't worry, Violet," I called after her. "I'll get even with you." Then I looked at Sarah and Paula. "All of you, actually."

Paula smiled and bounced her eyebrows, and Sarah flashed a wide grin.

"Promise?" Paula teased, biting her lower lip cutely.

I gave her the full weight of my heated gaze. "Absolutely."

She shivered. "Yummy."

Paula left too, leaving Sarah alone with me, who shut the door behind our friend. She came back over and leaned in close to ask quietly, "Did you just jerk off?"

"I had to, you minx!" I playfully slapped her arm. "You guys were driving me crazy!"

I told her what happened, every detail of sucking on the monstrous dong until I bathed in my own spunk.

"No way!" Sarah squealed, eyes wide, then she grinned again. "I'd like to see that."

"Maybe later," I laughed.

Sarah let me finish cleaning up. She handed me a towel and moved back to let me step out and dry off, then she leaned against wall in thought.

"So did you really like that? Us messing with you, I mean."

I groaned. "God, yes. It was so fucking hot."

Sarah chuckled. "Next time, you should let our friend out to join the fun."

I bent over to rub the towel down my legs. "I almost did. That's why I ran off."

"You should have just let it happen," she shrugged.

"No way," I shook my head, straightening up to dry my hair. I noticed Sarah ogling my body as I did so. "The last thing I want to do is freak them out. What if they told someone?"

Sarah clucked her tongue. "Honey, if they knew only half of what I do about how awesome it is to be fucked by you, they'd jump at the chance. Trust me."

"I don't know," I frowned. It was a lovely thought, but man, was it ever risky. "It could be great, or it could go terribly wrong."

Sarah reached out to give my arm an affectionate squeeze. "Nah. They're your friends, Amy. They wouldn't do that to you." She chewed her bottom lip for a second. "I think I know how we can prep them for the big reveal, so to speak."

"How?" I narrowed my gaze, wrapping the towel around my chest.

Sarah shrugged. "I can show them your birthday present, explain the story behind the statue. That way, when they see what you're hiding, they'll know where it came from."

I nodded. "Actually, that might work." Then I shook my head in doubt. "I don't know. It's such a big risk."

"We love you, baby," Sarah said, slipping her arms around my slender waist, pulling me close to her. "Do you want to hide forever? From everyone but me? That would be awful, wouldn't it?"

I slowly nodded, feeling a heavy weight in my heart. "Yeah, that would suck."

"Then let me help you," she said, kissing me sweetly. "Let me help them accept you."

After a long moment of thought, I finally agreed. "Okay. I'm in."

"Great!" Sarah bounced away to the door. "I'll get them ready." She glanced down at my pajamas on the floor, taking note of the big wet spot on the front of my bottoms, then she grinned. "Go get dressed, pants again, and meet me downstairs."

I nodded and headed off to my room. By the time I was clothed again, wearing pajama pants, as Sarah suggested, I was so nervous that my stomach was churning. I sat down on my bed to gather my courage, breathing slow and deep.

"I can do this," I chanted to myself softly, over and over. Then I chanted, "They won't freak out. They won't freak out."

Opening the drawer to my nightstand, I saw the statue of Freyja was gone. Sarah had already taken it downstairs. After a couple of minutes, I had enough courage to get up and make my way down to the living room, pinning up my damp hair in a messy bun. As I neared the living room and entered, I heard Sarah already explaining the statue.

"...Freyja, a fertility goddess. She blessed women with fertility and healthy childbirth. She was also big on their independence, in a way."

"Why does it have a big cock?" Paula asked, making Sarah and Violet chuckle.

"The statue has the power to grant it's owner a single wish," Sarah explained as I walked quietly into the living room to find them sitting on the floor in a circle, with a spot open between Sarah and Violet for me. "It reflects the wish that's been granted."

"That is such bullshit," Violet laughed.

Then they saw me. I stood there, fidgeting with my hands in front of me. I was so nervous that my blood was roaring in my head, and I was getting lightheaded. Paula turned a smile towards me, and Violet looked at me too, still laughing. Whatever she saw on my face made her laughter fade. Violet and Paula stared at me, but it was Violet who spoke first, a look of shock and wonder painted across her face.

"No way," she said quietly.

Sarah turned at the waist to hold her hand out to me. "Come over here, baby."

Hesitantly, I took her hand and sat down. I wasn't sure exactly what she had in mind, so I sat with my legs crossed.

"Go head, baby," Sarah said soothingly, squeezing my hand. "Lean back and get comfortable."

I knew she could see the hesitance in my eyes, the raw nerves of my stiff posture. When she nodded, I glanced at the others, seeing them waiting and watching expectantly. Scooting back, I stretched my legs out in front of me and leaned back on my hands. I closed my eyes and willed my penis to come out. As always, it began as a strange shifting inside of me, muscles that hadn't existed before pushing the big tube of meat out of my slit.

It came out flaccid, which was nice. I watched as it eased out from between my legs, a thick lump pushing down the right leg of my pajama pants. It took a few seconds to fully extend, and when it was over, the lump of my flared cockhead was almost touching my knee. Granted, it wasn't as frighteningly large as in the shower moments ago, but it was still bigger than when it first appeared. Strange enough to have a dick between my legs. But one that kept changing size? I mean, come on!

"No way," Violet repeated, slowly this time.

Paula covered her mouth, staring at my covered dong. "Oh my gawd."

Violet shook her head again, sitting up on her knees to get a better look. She slapped her thighs and squealed. "No fucking way!"

I glanced at Sarah nervously, but she only smiled.

"Can we see it?" Paula asked after a long moment of them just staring at the long lump running down my leg.

I looked at each of them in turn, settling my gaze on Paula. "Sure."

Paula yelped when Violet lunged forward, grabbing the top of my pants. I barely had enough time to lift my hips when she jerked my pants down past my knees. My heavy cock flopped onto the floor. I was incredibly anxious, but seeing Sarah smiling at my dong with obvious delight, and both Violet and Paula gaping at it in wonder, rather than fear or disgust, was surprisingly arousing. Sure enough, my cock began to swell, straightening out and gradually lifting up from the floor.

"Holy shit, Amy," Violet breathed, staring at the growing tube of meat between my legs with wide eyes. "That's fucking huge!"

"Is it real?" Paula asked quietly, staring at my penis as well.

Before I could answer, Sarah wrapped a warm hand around the middle of my shaft, stroking her thumb back and forth, making me harden even faster. "See for yourself."

Paula hesitantly extended her arm to touch me, but Violet beat her to the punch, grabbing my cock with both hands above Sarah's.

"Oh my gawd," Violet whispered, looking up at me as her hands played about my length. "It's so thick and warm."

I smiled nervously at Violet, and she beamed a great big smile back. Returning her attention to my dick, she smoothed a hand around the end of me. I groaned at her touch.

"Does that feel good?" Paula asked.

Violet looked back at her and laughed. "You ever known a guy that didn't like having his cock stroked?"

Paula blinked a couple times. "Well, no, but...Amy's not a guy."

I smiled at her. "Yes, it feels good, Paula," I told her, then groaned loudly when Sarah moved her hand down to the root, letting Violet stroke my full length with one hand while she twisted the other around the top. "I take it back," I hissed, making Violet and Paula look at me before my eyes closed. "It feels fucking amazing."

Violet smiled, then yelped. "Oh!"

I looked at Violet to see her staring at the big slit at the top of my dick, where a great gob of glistening arousal welled up. It grew and grew until the giant drop spilled over the crown, oozing down over her fingers. Violet smeared the fluid over the end of my dick. The slickness of her hand felt incredible, and soon my dong steadily drooled the shiny stuff. Violet thoroughly lubricated my full length, while Sarah slipped her hands down past my root and stroked my wet slit.

"It feels so real," Violet said softly.

Sarah chuckled. "Believe me, it is real."

Both girls looked at her, and Paula asked, "Have you...?"

Sarah raised an eyebrow. "Jacked it, sucked it, or fucked it until she came all over me or inside me?" She smiled widely. "Oh hell, yes."

"You can cum with this?" Violet asked me eagerly.

I barely managed a nod, lost in the feel of her stroking hands and Sarah's probing fingers.

Paula looked at Sarah. "Weren't you worried about getting pregnant?"

She laughed. "No, silly. She's a girl. How is she gonna knock me up?"

"I don't know," Paula shrugged, regarding the big dick in Violet's hands. "It looks like semen."

"Tastes like it too," Sarah added. "But it isn't semen, at least not real semen. There's no sperm in there."

"How do you know?" Violet asked her, inadvertently squeezing my cock hard enough that it ripped a gasp out of me and jerked my hips off the floor, driving my cock through her hands. I was so close to coming it wasn't even funny. "Are you okay?"

I nodded. "I'm close."

She looked back to Sarah, ignoring my predicament, namely a pending eruption. "How do you know there isn't any sperm in it?"

"Because she's a girl, dummy!" Sarah laughed loudly.

"Oh, right," Violet smiled, then looked at me, her smile fading, replaced by a sultry look. "Do you mind if I...you know, taste it?"

My stomach tightened and my cock lurched. For the first time, I felt something new, a subtle pressure low in my body, like a balloon filling up, growing larger. I couldn't help but wonder if that was the part of me that made the ejaculate.

Violet was waiting for my answer. I raised a hand and touched her cheek with my fingertips. "Please."

With a smile, she lowered her head towards me. Her tongue snaked out, delicately flattened against my shaft, just below the head, then licked up and over the slit at the top. Her tongue withdrew into her mouth, covered with a sheen of my arousal. Violet seemed to savor the taste of me, then swallowed and smacked her lips.

"Wow," she breathed, making me smile, then she engulfed me in her mouth.

"Ohmygawd," I groaned aloud at the heat of her wet mouth, the softness of her tongue licking my shaft as she expertly sucked on me. I dug my fingers into her hair and began moving her head up and down. Violet was a much more aggressive cock sucker than Sarah. She slurped loudly on the first few inches of my rock hard dong. "Sarah," I gasped desperately. "Towels, sheets, hurry."

"Big one?" she asked.

I hissed, "Yes. Hurry!"

"Come on, Paula!" Sarah yelped.

They run upstairs, leaving Violet to blow me. Her mouth felt so fucking good. I was going to come any second. She took me out of her mouth to say, "Fuck, you taste good."

She plunged me back into her mouth and I collapsed on my back at the feel of it. I was vaguely aware of Violet shuffling around on her knees, so that she was beside me, then leaning over me in a kind of high pushup, facing my feet. Her head bobbed up and down, her mouth sucked and slurped, her tongue licked at my shaft and probed the cumslit at the end of me.

"So good," I moaned, tears sliding down my face. I dug my hands back into her hair, holding her head still as I pumped my hips, fucking her face. "Gawd, I love it."

Violet moaned around my cock.

"I love your mouth, Violet," I hissed, feeling a surge of pressure in my belly, a tingling through my shaft. "Suck me," I groaned. "Make me cum."

"Oh shit! Hurry!" Sarah yelped, and with Paula's help, they laid a sheet down on the floor around Violet and I, then towels on top of it.

"Is it gonna be that bad?" Paula asked.

I groaned loudly, driving my dick deeper into Violet's sucking mouth, the end of me touching her throat. Sarah answered for me, "Oh yeah. I've seen that look before."

"Coming!" I grunted, trying to warn Violet.

She grabbed my hips, dug her nails into my skin, and pushed her mouth down, shoving my cock against the tight opening of her throat.

"Gawd!" I screamed.

Boiling cum blew out of the top of my cock, filling her mouth so fast that it poured down my shaft. I felt Violet's throat nip the end of me as she swallowed. More cum exploded past her lips and she gagged. She fought against my hands on her head and took me out of her mouth, stroking me up and down while she coughed, trying to breathe. Thick ropes of cum shot high into the air, splattering down heavily on me, Violet, and the towels. Paula leaned away just in time to avoid a huge salvo.

"Holy shit, Amy!" Violet laughed. "That is fucking awesome!" I felt her bend my cock in a different direction. "Paula, taste this!"

A thick rope of white cream blew out of my cock and hit Paula full in the face.

"Gah!" she yelped, leaning away.

Violet laughed, but the angle of my cock was too intense, making my climax rocket to new heights. I rolled onto my side, groaning in both bliss and agony.

"I've got you, baby," Sarah said softly.

Her hands wrapped around the top half of my spurting crank, jacking up and down, milking the cream from my body. Load after thick load rocketed onto Sarah's body, soaking her pajamas.

"Oh, sorry," Violet apologized. Her hands worked at my lower half, in tandem with Sarah's.

Their stroking hands, working together, felt too damn good. I ended up curling my body around Sarah's legs, hugging her tightly, pumping my hips through their hands.

"Too much," I whimpered breathlessly. "Too good."

"Cum all you need, baby," Sarah cooed softly. "We've got you."

I curled my body so tightly that a shot of my own cream hit me in the face. I barely closed my eyes in time to keep the hot goo out of them.

Violet laughed. "Damn, Amy!"

It seemed to take forever, but eventually, it was over.

"Stop," Sarah said. "Let her rest a minute."

"Why?" Violet asked.

"She'll come again," Sarah replied.

"No shit? After all that?"

"After all that."

It took a while to catch my breath.

"Wow. She does taste good," Paula said.

I rubbed warm spunk out of my eyes to look at her. Paula was fingering goo off her face and licking it from her fingers, smacking her lips, as though tasting a food that was new to her.

"Told you," Violet said.

Sarah brushed my cheek with the back of her hand. "You okay, baby?"

"Uh-huh," I nodded weakly and rolled onto my back.

Violet twisted around and straddled me. She laid her body over mine, trapping my cock between us. "Amy, that was incredible."

I chuckled at her, relieved that she wasn't freaking out, but closed my eyes, still embarrassed by it all. She touched my cheek, making me look at her. Violet gazed into my eyes adoringly, then leaned down and kissed me. She titled her head and licked cum from the side of my mouth, then pushed her creamy tongue past my lips, sharing my spunk in a deep heated kiss.

"Thank you," she whispered against my mouth.

"For what?" I asked.

Violet pushed up onto her arms and smiled. "For sharing your secret with us."

"You're welcome, I guess," I chuckled, then smoothed my hand up her back. "I guess I should thank you too."

"What for?" she asked.

I gave her a sleepy smile. "For the best blowjob of my life."

Violet chuckled, and Sarah and Paula laughed.

"Come on," Sarah said, moving to help me up. "Let's get her upstairs."

Violet moved out of the way and gathered up the sheet and towels while the other girls helped me up the stairs, my wobbly legs useless under me.

"Let's take her to Linda's room," Violet said from behind us.

"Why?" Paula asked.

Sarah giggled. "Her mom's bed is a king. Enough room for a big puppy pile."

I chuckled with Violet and Paula. Soon enough, I was stripped naked and laid down on my mother's bed. I was vaguely aware of them cleaning me up with wet washcloths, then I was tucked into bed.

"What are you doing?" Paula asked, but I was too tired to look at anyone.
