 Chapter 12

Back in my bedroom, we shucked our robes to get dressed. There was only one problem.

"Uh, Sarah?"

She looked at me, and since I was still naked from the waist down, wearing only a tight little tank top, she immediately noticed my problem. My penis hadn't yet withdrawn into my body.

"This isn't going away," I told her.

"Didn't Helena say you just had to will it to go away?" she asked.

"Yeah, I'm doing that, but it's not working."

We looked at each other for a moment, then at the obscenely long and thick cock hanging between my legs, then back at each other.

"What am I supposed to do?" I asked, suddenly really nervous. If it was just me and Sarah hanging out, it would be fine. I wouldn't even care if I was sporting a major erection all night, but our friends were coming over. They'd be here any minute. I was breathing fast now, panicking a little. Sarah wasn't helping either. She was just admiring my dick. "Sarah, I'm kinda freaking out here!"

She bounced with surprise at the tone of my voice and held her hands up. "Okay," she nodded. I could see the gears turning behind her eyes and knew she had an idea. "Hold on." I watched her go to my dresser, look through my clothes, then she turned to me with a pair of my loose cotton house pants. "Here, put these on."

I frowned but did as she told me. It was strange. This was the first time I'd ever had to put on pants with a big penis hanging between my legs. I had to guide it down one of the legs of the cotton pants. Both of us took a look when I was done.

Sarah raised an eyebrow and shrugged. "Actually, it's not noticeable."

"Really?" I asked hopefully. I opened my closet to take a look in the full length mirror on the door. She was right. I mean, if I looked hard enough, and I knew what to look for, I could tell something was stuffed down the left leg of my pants, but otherwise, the pants did the job of hiding my apparently ever-present penis. "Oh, okay. I guess it works."

Sarah patted my ass affectionately. "Come on."

Downstairs, we were surprised to see that Violet and Paula were already here. They were in the kitchen with Mom, setting the table and serving plates of food. Paula had changed into a bright orange sundress that hugged her slender body nicely. It contrasted nicely with her dark skin. Her hair was pulled back into a tail. Violet was wearing a pair of jeans that looked painted on, they were so tight, along with a short baby tee that showed of her smooth back and soft stomach.

Wow. Both of them looked yummy. I got a hold of myself before I could picture them naked.

"Hey, guys!" Sarah gushed.

We greeted each other with girly squeals and hugs.

"Ya'll brought your swim suits, right?" Sarah asked.

Crap! Swimming? How was I supposed to pull that off? It's not like I had swimming pants or something. I caught Sarah's eye, mine wide with panic, but she just winked at me. Did she have a plan for this?

Paula nodded. "Violet has them in her purse."

"Cool. We can go for a dip later," Sarah beamed, then thought of something. "Did you bring anything to sleep in?"

Both of them blinked at us. Paula said, "Oh, I didn't realize you wanted us to stay over."

"That's okay," I told them. "I'm sure I've got something for you guys to wear."

Violet giggled. I realized there was absolutely nothing in my wardrobe that could accommodate her sexy curves. Mom came to the rescue, coming over to put her hand on Violet's shoulder, looking her up and down.

"We look about the same size," she told Violet.

She was right. I'd never realized how curvy my mom was, but then I'd never had the opportunity to compare her to someone I wanted to fuck before, like Violet.

Oh my God! I wanted to fuck Violet!

Violet turned to face my mom, putting her hands on Mom's hips. "Yeah, I think so," she nodded, smoothing her hands up Mom's sides, until her thumbs were touching the very bottom of my mother's breasts. Did she just cop a feel of my mom? "You're an E-cup, right?"

Mom laughed, taking hold of Violet's hands and giving them a squeeze before stepping away. "A big D-cup is more like it."

Violet shrugged. "Close enough."

Sarah slipped an arm around my waist and leaned close to whisper in my ear. "You okay?"

"Mm-hmm," I nodded.

She squeezed my waist and smiled before taking a seat at the table.

Dinner was really good, and all of us left the table before we could stuff ourselves full.

"Time for a swim?" Mom asked.

All of us nodded or replied an emphatic yes of some form.

Mom smiled. "Ya'll get changed. I'll clean this up and whip up a batch of Sangria."

"Wow, really?" Violet raised her eyebrows. All of us were surprised.

Mom shrugged and gave us a grin. "It's girl's night. Besides, I know you won't be going anywhere. Your almost old enough to drink anyway, and you'll be doing plenty of that in college soon enough."

"Cool. Thanks, Miss J.," Paula gushed.

"Call me Linda, sweetie," Mom smiled.

Paula nodded and Violet gave my mom a wide smile. "Thank you, Linda."

As we rose from the table, I was once again reminded of a slight swimming problem, namely the fat cockhead rubbing against my lower thigh.

"I'll help, Mom," I told her, trying to buy some time to figure out what I was going to do.

"That's okay. I'll take care of it," she tried to usher me out.

"No, really. Let me help."

Paula and Violet were already upstairs, but Sarah hesitated to leave. I gave her an encouraging nod, and she gave me one back before going upstairs too. As I helped Mom clean the kitchen, I gathered my willpower to me, chanting silently in my head 'go away, go away, go away'. Over the next couple of minutes, my penis drew back into my body. I breathed a huge sigh of relief, one that didn't go unnoticed by Mom. She stopped washing dishes to look at me. I kept drying plates and putting them in the cabinets, pretending nothing had happened.

"You okay, sweetie?" she asked, brushing a lock of hair out of my eye and tucking it behind my ear.

"Sure," I smiled.

Mom studied me for a moment, then she put her hand on my opposite hip to keep me close. She leaned in and whispered. "Is it Sarah?"

"What?" I blinked at her. What did she know? Had she heard us having sex? God knew we'd made enough noise, I'm sure.

"You can talk to me, honey. I won't judge. You know that."

I hesitated, stammering, "Wh-what do you wanna know?"

Mom shrugged. "Well, I know you two are best friends, and I know both of you are..." she waggled her hand, coming up with the right word, I guess. "...exploring yourselves, and each other."

Yeah, Mom knew Sarah and I messed around. I mean, I'd asked her to buy me lube, for crying out loud. Still, I blushed furiously.

Mom pushed her long hair over her shoulder. "I guess what I'm asking is if the two of you are, you know, together."

"Oh," I said quietly, relaxing a lot. Mom sure had a way of getting me to open up to her. She was so kind and understanding. I absolutely loved her for that, among many other wonderful things about her. "I-I don't know, really."

After a moment, she asked. "Do you still like boys?"

I stopped drying a dish and stared down at it, thinking it over. My first thought was Trevor. He was so handsome, and such a nice guy. Sure, the sex hadn't been good, but I still thought of him as yummy hotness. Besides, practice makes perfect, right?

"Yeah, I still like boys," I told her.

"It's okay if you don't, you know," she told me, patting my hip reassuringly.

"No, I do," I looked at her. "You know Trevor, right?"

"Of course," she chuckled, letting go of my hip so that she could return to washing dishes and handing them to me to dry. "You two practically ate mud pies together when you were little."

"When did that happen?" I balked. You'd think I'd remember eating mud pies with the boy of my dreams.

She laughed. "You were really little, honey. I'd be surprised if he remembered." Mom grinned at me. "You have a thing for Trevor?"

I raised an eyebrow. "Have you seen how hot he is these days?"

Mom laughed. "He's a little young for me, baby."

I bumped her hip with mine and grinned. "Yeah, but you're still a woman."

Mom chuckled. "Okay, yes, I've noticed what a fine young man he's become."

"Well, we kind of had sex."

Mom's eyes went wide and she stared at me.

"We totally used a condom," I told her hurriedly. "And I'm on the pill, of course."

It took a moment for my mom to fight off a wave of panic. She stood there and stared into the sink for a while.

"Mom, I'm kind of surprised by your reaction," I said honestly.

She nodded, still looking down at the sink. "Me too, I think."

I looked at her, waiting for her to go on.

"I guess it's because he's a boy, you know?" she said, finally looking at me, but the panic was gone. Concern was still in her eyes though. "It's just, with Sarah, I don't worry about what you two are doing. I'm a woman, and I remember what it was like to be a young girl, to be curious. Amongst us girls, it's just fun, exploration. But with boys, you can get yourself into trouble."

"I'm totally there, Mom," I nodded in agreement. I most definitely did not want to get pregnant this young.

As we were finishing up the dishes, Mom bumped my hip with hers. I looked at her. She was grinning ear to ear. "So, how was it?"

"Honestly?" I screwed up my face. "Kind of disappointing."

Mom chuckled. "Boys are like that at your age. They get better over time," she gave me an honest look. "Just be sure to tell them what you like and don't like though. They can't get better at satisfying you if you don't help them." Then she shrugged. "Well, most of them can't."

I narrowed my gaze. "What does that mean?"

Mom chuckled again. "Well, sometimes a man just knows how to please a woman."

Color me intrigued. "Oh, you totally have to spill it," I said, then a terrible thought occurred to me. "Oh God, unless you're talking about...in which case..."

Mom laughed loudly. "No. Not your father."

I breathed a dramatic sigh of relief and put my hand over my chest. "Oh, thank heaven. Do tell though!"

She smiled and winked. "That's a story for another time, I think."

I huffed and stamped my foot playfully. "Fine."

Mom laughed again and patted my behind. "Go have fun with your friends, honey."

"Aren't you swimming with us?" I asked.

She shrugged. "Maybe for a little bit. I'm not young anymore. Can't really hang with you girls, you know," she made air quotes with her fingers.

"Oh, I don't know," I grinned, then I leaned in and whispered. "I think Violet has the hots for you."

Mom turned her head to glance at me and whispered back. "I thought I was getting a vibe."

We shared a chuckle before she ushered me out of the kitchen.

Violet and Paula passed me on the way up the stairs.

"See you in a bit!" Paula gushed as they headed downstairs.

Up in my room, Sarah was tying her bikini top in place. It was a red number, like the tank top she'd been wearing the night before we'd had sex for the first time. Red just look so good on her.

"Here, let me help," I said, coming up behind Sarah to tie her top in place.

She gathered up her long dark hair to get it out of my way. "Thanks, baby."

I kissed her lovely neck. "Sure thing."

When her top was tied, I fished out my own bikini and stripped.

"Hey, look at that," Sarah said.

I glanced at her, wondering what she was referring to as she came over to me.

She gestured down. "No cock," she said, stepping up to me. I smiled, then gasped as she casually put her hands between my legs and rubbed two fingers up my slit, which was surprisingly damp, and I hadn't noticed. Sarah raised her fingers to her mouth and sucked then clean. "Mmm. Still taste good."

I laughed, and blushed. "I can't believe you!"

"What?" she said innocently. "I like your pussy. It's yummy."

I shook my head, laughing again. "God, Sarah."

"Oh, come on," she cooed, slipping up against my naked body and wrapping her arms around my waist. "You know you love having my tongue inside you."

I shivered. "Yeah, I do, but..." I agreed, pushing her back at arm's length. "I just got my thing to go away, so let's not bring it back. Okay?"

Sarah chuckled. "Fair enough. But..." she raised a finger.

"But what?" I narrowed my eyes at her.

She smiled widely. "I wanna try something later."

I had no idea what she had in mind, but by the gleam in her eyes, I had a very strong suspicion that I was going to like it.

 

Chapter 13

The girls and I swam and splashed around for a while, having fun, sharing gossip, giggling about the awkward boys at school. Mom joined us a little while later. Mom and Sarah were drifting about on rafts with Sangria in hand. Paula and Violet and I were sitting on the edge of the pool, sipping on our own yummy drinks, with me between them.

Paula was telling us about a guy she'd met when touring the college we'd be attending soon. She was totally planning on rocking his world. Paula was a pretty reserved gal, so the off-color phrase made me giggle. Paula got up to refill her glass.

I glanced at Violet beside me. She was smiling, showing her white even teeth. Her long red hair was pushed over her far shoulder. Her hands were on the edge of the pool beside her legs, and she was leaning forward. Her dark purple bikini was incredibly skimpy, and it looked fantastic on her. The bottoms were the kind that tied in little knots at the hips, easy to remove, I thought. Her big creamy breasts, even bigger than Sarah's, being a huge E-cup, threatened to explode out of her top. Violet's body wasn't as lean and muscular as Sarah's, rather it was soft, curvy. She wasn't heavy at all, just full-bodied.

Violet turned her head and caught me looking at her. With a little grin, she nudged my shoulder with hers and spoke quietly. "Are you staring at my tits?"

Of course I was. She had awesome tits. I was mortified though. "I was-I..."

"It's okay, you know," she chuckled. "I like it when a girl appreciates what I have to offer."

I laughed nervously, unable to stop from blushing. "Yeah, well, you have a lot to offer in that department."

Violet chuckled again, smiling at me for a moment before looking out at Sarah and Mom in the pool. "I'm coming out of the closet when I go to college."

I choked on my Sangria.

"You okay, honey?" Mom asked, hearing me coughing.

"Fine," I croaked, waving my hand. I leaned close to Violet when I could breathe again. She was trying not to laugh. "I can't believe you just told me that."

"Really?" she gave me a surprised look, then shrugged. "Well, I figured you'd understand, you know, what with you and Sarah and all that."

"I'm not gay," I whispered hurriedly, but managed not to sound defensive about it.

Violet shrugged. "Neither am I."

I shook my head. "But I thought..."

She waved a hand. "Oh, don't get me wrong. Guys don't do much for me," she said, then she leaned close to whisper. "But I still love a real cock now and then."

"Oh," I swallowed and smiled sheepishly. "Well, nothing wrong with being bicurious."

"Not at all, girlfriend," she bumped my shoulder again.

We sipped our Sangria for a while. I think all of us were feeling a nice little buzz by that point. Violet leaned in close, turning her upper body to face me. Her big boobs were nestled against my arm, so soft and warm.

"So, you and Sarah," she whispered, glancing past me to make sure Paula wasn't coming back yet.

"What about us?" I asked.

"Are you two, you know, a thing?"

I thought about it for a moment, looking out into the pool at my best friend, and lover. I smiled at Violet. "No, we're just friends..."

"...with benefits?" Violet finished for me.

"Something like that," I chuckled.

Violet giggled too.

After a moment, she asked. "I have to ask. Is she good?"

"Oh, yeah," I groaned softly, giving Violet the full weight of my heated gaze, feeling bold all of the sudden. I leaned in close until our noses were almost touching. "But I'm better."

When I leaned back, Violet stared at my mouth, then flicked her gaze up to mine and slowly smiled widely, crooking an eyebrow. "Dare you to prove it."

I matched her smile. "Drinking games are later."

"I'll hold you to that," she winked, then pushed off into the pool.

"Hold you to what?" Paula asked, sitting down beside me.

"A drinking game," I shrugged.

"Oh, fun!" she gushed, sipping at her drink.

I laughed and pushed off into the pool too. Violet swam over to me and took my hand, tugging me to the side of the pool away from the others.

"Hey," she pulled me close to her, practically hugging me. Her arms felt really good around my waist, and I swear her hands were intentionally grazing my butt. "Linda isn't seeing anyone, right?"

I leaned back in shock. "Violet, that's...!"

"Shh!" she hissed, then laughed, pulling me closer, like she was hugging me.

She was too. Her huge tits were so soft and warm. I couldn't help but wonder how they would feel against my naked skin. My belly tightened. Uh oh.

"That's my mom you're talking about," I told her, pushing her back a bit. I was also praying that my cock didn't choose that moment to roar to life. "Besides, she's like, over twenty years older than you."

"So," Violet shrugged. "I'm eighteen. Nothing illegal there."

I stared at her, trying to see if she was just messing with me. She wasn't. "Oh my God," I gasped. "You're serious."

"You want her to be happy, right?"

"I don't-well, yeah, of course, but..."

"It's you or her, Amy," she shrugged, smiling coyly.

"You can't-wait, what?" My eyes went wide.

"If I can't have her, I'll take you, I guess," her smile widened, seemingly pleased with herself.

"Violet!" I hissed.

She pulled me close to her again, putting her arms back around my slender waist. "Look, your mom is hot, and so are you. I'm so hard up I'd fuck a horse at this point." She stared at me for a moment. I just gaped at her, mouth hanging open. Violet's expression saddened a touch. "Amy, I like guys well enough, but it's the softer side of the sexes that I prefer. What you have with Sarah is..." She stopped to glance over at my friend and lover on the raft. "It's wonderful."

I got the feeling that this was all coming about because she was lonely, more so than because she was just horny. Violet was a nice girl, brazen and bold too, yeah, but I'd never known her to be cruel to anyone. She really must have been in a bad place.

Violet regarded me with a fragile little smile. "I know you're not gay, but just consider me as an occasional playmate, okay? Nothing wrong with a little fun, right?"

She seemed so vulnerable, so alone. It touched me, made me feel for her. Violet was certainly attractive. I mean, in that very moment, it was taking nearly the full measure of my will just to keep from getting too aroused by her lovely eyes, her soft warm body in the cool water, the smell of her skin, the feel of her huge breasts. Oh yeah, I'd definitely like to sink my newfound cock into Violet.

I glanced at Sarah. What would she think? Sarah had told me at the mall that she was a little scared of what was happening between the two of us. She didn't want to be gay, or more accurately, I don't think she wanted to be committed exclusively to a woman. She liked men, a lot, and she didn't want to lose that. To be honest, I didn't either.

Helena had allayed her fears by helping Sarah identify her relationship with me, being of two friends that love and trust each other, enjoy each other's bodies. From the moment we had left Helena's shop, Sarah had been bolder with me, more comfortable with cutting loose around me, sexually, I mean. She didn't seem at all troubled by how much she enjoyed fucking me.
