 Chapter 18

As I made my way back into the living room, I noticed Paula was dressed in the clothes she wore yesterday, gathering her things to go.

"You leaving already?" I asked, seeing Sarah and Violet coming in from the kitchen.

Paula pushed her hair out of her eyes and gave me a hug. "Yeah, I almost forgot that Mom and I have a hair appointment this morning."

I hugged her back. "Oh, well, thanks for coming over. I had fun."

She squeezed me tightly and kissed my cheek. "Me too, and like Violet said, thanks for sharing your secret with us."

I blushed and smiled. "Thanks for not freaking out."

She laughed and squeezed my hand. When she was gone, Violet and Sarah were staring at me conspiratorially.

I narrowed my gaze. "What?"

"You had sex with Trevor again," Sarah said in a sing-song manner.

I blushed again.

Violet glanced at Sarah. "We should give her a shower."

Sarah nodded. "And get all the juicy details too."

I raised my eyebrows and they each took one of my hands to lead me upstairs. In the bathroom, we stripped out of our clothes, and when the water was nice and warm, stepped into the shower. Once more I was floored by the lovely sight of Violet's huge tits and shapely hips. She was so different from Sarah, so full, voluptuous. I especially liked the soft roundness of her baby-smooth mound.

"Before we get started," Sarah grinned, then looked at Violet. "You've never seen it come out, have you?"

Violet shook her head. "No, but there's something I wanna try," then she looked at me. "Something you said this morning."

"Okay," I said slowly.

Violet grinned. "I want you to think about pleasing yourself."

"Why?" I blinked, then grinned. "I have you two."

Sarah chuckled but asked Violet, "What are you after, Violet?"

"Amy said that her cock seems bigger or smaller depending on who she's with."

"Oh, I get it," Sarah nodded, remembering what I'd told her about sucking myself off in the tub last night, though Violet didn't know that. "You want to see how big it is when Amy wants to do herself."

Violet bobbed her head.

"You game?" Sarah asked me.

"Sure," I laughed with a shrug. "What the hell."

We helped each other get clean, then they both helped me. Their hands felt so good on my naked body. Sarah stood at my back, rubbing soap into the crack of my ass, fingertips playing with my tiny hole there now and then, while Violet was in front of me, rubbing ample soap between my legs.

Violet leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Think about you, okay?"

"Uh-huh," I nodded, gasping when her fingers parted my folds to wash me there. My belly instantly tightened at her touch, enough to almost fully double me over. I was bent over enough that my face was nestled into the deep valley of Violet's chest. She chuckled and held me, but I pushed away from her when the tightening became uncomfortable. She held my hands as I leaned back against Sarah, who wrapped her arms around me to fondle my small boobs and hard nipples.

"Here it comes," I panted.

Violet looked down expectantly and her eyes went wide as my cock came out. "Oh my gawd!"

It felt positively massive coming out of me, and sure enough, it really was. Just like last night, the shaft was a little thicker than my wrist, the flared head slightly wider. My dick was only semi hard as it slid out from between my legs, but as more and more of it appeared, it hardened, sticking out from my body instead of hanging down, curving up as it continued to come out of me. Violet had to take a step back to give it room.

"That is just...fucking huge!" Violet gasped.

Damn, she wasn't kidding. I mean, I'd seen it like this once before, but I still couldn't get over the size of my pole. It stuck up from between my legs like a big steel pipe wrapped in soft skin. The wide shaft of me was pressed in my modest cleavage, pushed my breasts apart with the wide girth of it. The fat head was dark, angry, and big drops of clear precum were welling up to pour over the end onto my chest.

Sarah looked over my shoulder and breathed, "Holy shit, Amy."

I laughed breathlessly and hugged my monstrous cock against my body. It was so hard and warm, throbbing with every beat of my heart. "Like it?" I asked, laying my head on Sarah's shoulder.

"Oh yeah," she giggled, wrapping her hands around the middle of my thick tube, stroking me gently.

"That is so cool," Violet chuckled, and her hands gripped my hard shaft too, below Sarah's. "I wanna watch you suck it."

Smiling at her, I tilted my head down and slowly extending my tongue to flatten it just below the wide head of my cock. Licking up slowly, I kept my eyes fixed on Violet as my tongue slid up and over the head, capturing a massive gob of arousal along the way. It felt so good, and tasted awesome too.

"That is fucking hot," Violet said huskily.

I smiled, then captured as much of the head of my cock in my mouth while they stroked my shaft.

"Does it feel good?" Sarah asked.

I almost laughed. Of course it felt good! I mean, it was strange, feeling the incredible warmth of my mouth and tongue on my cock. That was arousing enough on its own, but to suck a huge tool in my mouth was hot as hell. The delightful feel of being sucked off and sucking myself off just did it for me. The best response I could manage was a delighted moan with a mouthful of throbbing dick.

"Wow," Violet breathed, and one of her hands slid down to play with my weeping pussy. "Keep going. I wanna see you cum."

I groaned as her fingers slid inside me, probing, stroking, caressing. I wrapped my arms tighter around my shaft, and Sarah moved her hands to the shaft above my arms, stroking her hands in time with my mouth sliding up and down my cock. My hips began to move of their own accord, fucking my huge cock through my arms and into my mouth. Thick warm cream gushed onto my tongue. It slid down my throat, tasted so heady, so yummy.

"Can you deep throat it?" Violet asked.

I tried to get my cock to my throat, but the angle was wrong. It was too straight, and besides, I was pretty sure it was far too big anyway. My jaw was straining just to keep my mouth around it. In the back of my mind, I wondered if next time I could make it less wide, and with more of a curve. Definitely something to try later. But for now...

I sucked and slurped noisily, licking my tongue up through the wide cumslit of my cock. Sarah's hands twisted up and down my shaft, just below my mouth. Violet jacked several inches of my cock with one hand while fingering my tight cunt with the other, though I noticed I was more open now that my dick was outside of my body. As though sensing my thoughts, Violet pushed a third finger into me. She pressed her palm against my clit and stroked my insides.

My belly tightened again and warm cream gushed into my mouth, almost filling it.

"Are you gonna come?" Sarah asked.

"Mm-hm," I moaned ecstatically.

"Then do it," Violet said huskily.

My cock lurched hard. I licked, sucked, slurped, and it happened. Thick cream blew up my shaft and burst into my mouth, overfilling it instantly. I swallowed as much as I could in a single gulp, but there was so much hot cum that it erupted out of the sides of my mouth. I swallowed again, but more cum blasted my mouth beyond full, making me choke.

"Guhh!" I gasped, pulling my mouth off my spurting cock.

A huge rope of cum as thick as my thumb flew up into the air, nearly reaching the ceiling, then came down to paste me in cream.

"Oh my gawd!" Violet laughed when another rope flew up and landed on her.

"I've got you baby," Sarah said, taking control of my jerking spurting cock. She angled it away from my body and aimed a huge eruption at Violet. A massive rope of thick cream pasted her face, nearly coating it with a single shot.

"Ahh!" Violet jumped at the shock of so much cum hitting her in the face. She leaned back against the shower wall, giggling as Sarah used my spurting dong to completely coat her huge tits with my cum.

"So good," I whimpered, closing my eyes.

"Keep coming, baby," Sarah breathed, nipping at my ear.

I snaked my hand up into her hair and held her head against mine. "Oh gawd."

My cock just kept on exploding, when suddenly it was enveloped in the heat of Violet's mouth. Her hands found my cock again and jerked me off at a furious pace. I opened my eyes to see her mouth around the end of me, thick white cream gushing out of her stretched lips in heavy waves. Still, Violet was swallowing furiously, trying to keep up with the monstrous explosion of spunk. Cum flowed thickly down her chin and neck and through her cleavage.

"Shit, Violet," Sarah laughed. "That is just fucking hot."

Violet moaned in agreement, swallowing load after hot steamy load. I swear, more cum escaped her mouth than she could swallow, but she was definitely a champ about it and give it her all. My hips jerked with every eruption of creamy goo, and I grew lightheaded with the intensity of my climax.

"Too much," I hissed, head swaying back and forth. "Too good."

Sarah nodded against my head and released my shaft. "Violet."

Violet sucked on my cock, swallowed two more huge loads of white cream, then finally took her mouth off of me. She was an absolute mess of my cum. Violet reached for my cock.

"No," Sarah stopped her. "Let her come back down."

Violet nodded, catching her breath as she leaned back against the wall, rubbing my thick goo all over her tits. One of her cum coated hands slid between her legs. The sight of her sticking two of her spunk laden fingers into her soft cunt made my body spasm. Five more truly gigantic ropes of cream pasted Violet's upper body until she was thoroughly glazed with spunk.

"Shhh," Sarah soothed me, holding me in her arms, kissing my cheek and temple.

When I could breathe again, I patted her arm, letting her know I was okay. I was light-headed again though, wobbling a little when I stepped away from Sarah.

"You okay, babe?" she asked, reaching out to steady me.

"Yeah, just a little light-headed," I told her, glancing at Violet, who had already rinsed the cream from her body.

"That was amazing, Amy," she shook her head in wonder.

I laughed. "Comes at a price though."

"What do you mean?"

I swapped places with her to rinse off. "That's the second time I've done that, and it takes a lot out of me, I guess."

"I wonder if it's a fluids thing," Sarah mused, helping me get the cum out of Violet's hair. "I mean, you came a lot. Fluids have to be replenished, right?"

"Good point," I conceded.

Violet shrugged. "Let's get her some juice, then she can fuck us again." Sarah giggled, but Violet looked down at my now flaccid but still truly enormous cock, the wide head next to my knee. "Just not when it's that big."

"Definitely not," Sarah grinned.

By the time we were cleaned up again, my penis had returned to its usual size, though still limp. I guess Sarah sensed I was going to will it back into my body, because she put her hand on my hip. "Leave it out, okay?"

"Why?" I asked.

She glanced at Violet and back at me. "I don't think we're finished with it. Besides, are you?"

I openly ogled her naked body, then Violet's. "Definitely not."

 

Chapter 19

For the second time that day, we got dressed, though only the bare minimums. I was feeling feisty, so I slipped on a pair of pale blue lace panties and a white tank top that I'd cut short a long time ago, so that it hung just past my navel. I faced the mirror to see how I looked.

The tank top had worn super-thin over the years, so that you could clearly see the darker nipples on my small breasts. I chose the panties and tank top to tease Sarah and Violet. Even flaccid, my penis was an impressive size. If I held it up against my stomach, the head reached past my navel. It was a strange dichotomy, my reflection in the mirror. I was pretty, petite, absolutely feminine, but trapped beneath my panties and tank top was my cock, a few inches of shaft exposed between them. It was definitely a naughty look, and I found that I really liked it.

I actually got dressed in a hurry, so that I could call my mother and check on her. Violet and Sarah were still up in my room, giggling about something, as girls are want to do. Rooting around in the refrigerator for juice, I held my cell phone to my ear with my shoulder, and Mom finally answered.

"Hey, Mom."

"Oh, hi, baby," she said happily, but sounded tired. "Everything okay?"

"Oh, yeah. I just wanted to see how you and Aunt Claire are doing," I said, filling a tall glass with juice and drinking all of it while my mother replied.

"We're fine. Bill won't be back for a while, I'm guessing. Would you be okay with Aunt Claire staying with us for a while?"

I gulped down half of a second glass of juice. "Sure, Mom. Whatever she needs. It's just going to be you two around here soon anyway."

"Oh, that's right. You have orientation this week, don't you?"

I nodded, even though she couldn't see me. "Yeah, we're driving out day after tomorrow. Sarah and I still need to check out our apartment." Just then, Violet came up behind me, wrapping her arms around my narrow waist. Her arms were warm against my partially exposed shaft. "And I think we need to scope out a bigger place."

"Oh? Why's that?" Mom asked.

Violet softly kissed my hair and moved her arms so that she could softly caress my cock, which was getting hard rather quickly.

I glanced over my shoulder at Violet and grinned. "I think Violet might be living with us."

She nodded happily. Her hands slid along my firm shaft, under my shirt and panties, softly stroking almost my full length.

"The more of you that stay together, the better, actually," Mom said. "You girls need to watch out for each other."

Violet's hands felt so good on my dick that she had me throbbing with need in no time, a wet spot forming where my cockhead was pressed against my skin above my navel.

"That's the idea," I told Mom while Violet slipped one hand higher to wrap it around my cockhead. It was a struggle not to groan as I leaned back against her ample bosom. "Sarah's pretty protective, and I have a feeling that Violet won't let me out of her sight much."

Violet chuckled under her breath and turned me around by my hips. She smoothed her hands up my sides and pushed my tank top over my breasts, the thin fabric momentarily catching on my incredibly stiff nipples.

"I'm glad to hear that, honey," Mom said. I had to fight not to make noise as Violet wrapped both of her soft hands around my cock, stroking both high and low, then she dipped her head down to lick one of my nipples, making me shudder. Mom continued, completely unaware that I was being molested by one of my friends, "Boys your age are interested in only two things; booze and buns."

I laughed at that, but it was cut short when Violet firmly sucked my nipple and half of my breast into her mouth. I could feel my arousal leaking from between my legs, as well as down my shaft, slicking up Violet's stroking hands.

"I'm thinking of asking Paula to live with us too," I told Mom.

Violet released my breast to kiss and nibble the other one for a moment. I snaked my hand into her hair on the back of her head, encouraging her, thrusting my hips to fuck my cock through her hands.

"That's a good idea," Mom agreed. "She always struck me as kind of vulnerable."

I nodded, grinning wickedly as I pushed Sarah's head down. She knew what I wanted. Her warm wet mouth surrounded the drooling head of my cock. Her lips slid down my shaft until she had me resting at the opening of her throat. "Her parents are pretty overbearing. Sarah and I are worried about her."

"I'm really glad to hear that you're looking out for your friends, baby."

I smiled down at Violet, loving the feel of my cock in her hot sucking mouth. "Yeah, my friends do a pretty good job of taking care of me too."

Violet chuckled softly around my tool, then sucked and slurped furiously. Saliva and precum trickled down my shaft, which she stroked firmly. I was going to come soon. Definitely time to get off the phone.

"Well, I'll let you go, Mom."

"Okay, baby. I'll call when we're on our way home, but it probably won't be until tomorrow. Is that okay?"

I had to briefly take the phone away from my mouth as a sigh escaped me. Violet was sucking my dick so good. "That's fine, Mom. Gotta go."

"Bye, baby."

I hung up and dropped the phone on the counter, digging both hands into Violet's soft hair. "Oh gawd, Violet."

She was slurping noisily now. Her head was bobbing up and down, and one of her hands was stroking and twisting just below her mouth. My belly tightened.

"Gonna come if you don't stop," I warned her.

"Oh, I think that's exactly what she wants," Sarah said, surprising me. She was leaning against the wall between the kitchen and living room, watching us with rapt interest.

"Mm-hhh," Violet mumbled around my throbbing cock in agreement, squeezing my shaft tighter in her hands.

My hips jerked hard and I groaned with the impending release. "Coming!"

Hot cum erupted up my shaft and into Violet's mouth, over and over. She moaned happily and swallowed, just barely keeping up. A little thick cream trickled out of the corner of her mouth, slowing working its way down to her chin. I came so hard, and for so long, but Violet sucked and slurped until I was spent. Pulling back, she licked at my shaft and head. Grabbing my dick, I pressed the swollen head to her chin and pushed the escaped cream into her mouth. Violet sucked on me for a moment and swallowed the last of my cum.

"Wow, chickie," I breathed.

Violet laughed and looked up at me. Straightening up, she stroked me gently and kissed me. Lifting her shirt, I slid my cock under it so that when she pressed her body against mine, my dong was nestled between the lower curves of her huge breasts, soft and warm.

I nibbled her lower lip and said huskily, "I am so going to fuck your tits later."

"You can fuck them now, if you want," she smiled against my mouth.

I leaned back and shook my head, feeling light-headed again. "I still need a break, you minx."

She chuckled and kissed me again before getting something to drink herself. Sarah sauntered over and kissed me too. Like Violet and I, she was wearing a tank top and panties. Before I could protest, Sarah left my mouth to suck the end of me between her lips. She bobbed her head a few times, slurping on my cum-slicked cock, then straightened up, smacking her lips.

"Just wanted to say hello," she grinned.

I shook my head at her. "You two are just devils."

They laughed. Putting my dick under my tank top again, I refilled my glass with juice. We settled down in the living room to relax and watch television. I sat in the center of the couch. Violet sat on my left, and Sarah was on the floor between my legs. Given the time of day, there wasn't much on, but Violet found one of those reality shows about washed-up actors living in a small house.

"Jeez, Cory's still cute," Violet shook her head. "How is that even possible? Isn't he, like, almost forty now?"

Sarah nodded. "He hasn't changed much. Haim went to hell in a hand basket, but Feldman," she trailed off, then smiled. "Yeah, I'd still do him."

I chuckled. "It's the smoky voice, isn't it?"

"Totally," Sarah laughed.

When the show was over, Violet found a documentary on the red light district of Amsterdam. The owner of a burlesque was being interviewed, and her performers. The women were beautiful. One of them was a tall blond Amazonian bombshell. Her legs were incredibly long, her breasts proportionately huge, waist narrow, hips wide. Put simply, she was incredibly fuckable. I felt myself getting hard again.

Without saying a word, Violet turned on the couch and snuggled up to me, her bountiful chest pressing against my arm. She kept watching the documentary, but her hand touched the base of my now hard shaft through my lace panties. My penis twitched. Slowly, Violet smoothed her hand up my length, so warm against the exposed part of my dick between panties and tank top, then higher. Though she was touching most of my length through the clothes I was wearing, it still felt really good. I glanced down and saw a big wet spot on my tank top, where my cockhead was drooling above my navel.
