 Decisions to be made! That's how this episode should start. In all of my existence I had never faced such a trial of my heart or inflamed passion. 

I know eventually Jenna would have to be told the truth. Maybe she would want to turn, but we now also had 3 children to consider in adding to the fold. I wasn't sure if she could handle the knowledge that may soon come. The children had been gifted with some of my vampire blood. They would be much stronger than made or turned vampires, but not ever as strong as one of the ten. Being of human blood too they would come into their abilities sometime around their 16th year. Our oldest Daphne was already showing signs of early maturity and I may have misjudged exactly when the change would come. 

Jenna on the other hand would like the opportunity perhaps to make herself change a few things if she was going to live for an eternity. It was one of those self-image. I supposed I should sit her down and discuss the future as soon as she returned from Afghanistan. It was coming up soon and she would be home in a few days. Having lived as long as I had I knew I had to make changes in our life, more to the point mine and how things in the home ran. I had loved Jenna for 16 years at this point and not always been the best husband or father. I had put myself forward and with work and soccer had been allowed to make them all consuming at times. Also I found myself possessive and unable to always allow her the freedom she may need to keep sanity. I cursed myself when that realization hit and forced myself shortly after to begin making the long lasting changes. When she came home I wanted her shocked and surprised at the man I had become. I only hoped it wasn't too late. 

When Jenna finally came home the reunion was great for a day or so and then the bombshell hit. She felt different and it crushed me beyond belief. One woman I had fallen in love with in over 3,000 years and now she wasn't sure she wanted to remain with me. It had been my biggest fear when she went away, and sure I could have portalled over to her anytime, but I felt I could trust her due to the nature of our relationship. Little did I realize that all the damage I had done and all her years of silence, bottling up issues, had finally come to a head. 

When confronted of the truth that she had been involved in a relationship with another person, inside I shattered. Who knew a vampire would be capable of heart break. I pleaded and begged and I'm not proud of it. I accepted that maybe we could make things better, not go back! I didn't want to go back, nor her to bottle things up again, so we'd seek counseling which is where we are today. 

So many times the man or woman hurt couldn't get past the betrayal, I couldn't either at first, but deep down I knew that if I could find a way to show her that yes, after years, I could finally change and be the husbanded she needed, maybe just maybe she'd be in my arms again. It was going to be a hell of a process. Jenna first had to let go of this other person and then deal with that loss before she could focus on us. I briefly though of using my abilities to eliminate this mortal who had corrupted my marriage, but then realized had she not been unhappy, and felt she could talk to me then Jenna wouldn't have done it in the first place. I fought internally with this for nearly a month before I figured I had to let it go. I could hold this grudge for an eternity being immortal or I could fight to have my wife back!

At first I struggled to give her space, I wanted to talk through everything wrong in the past and how to make her love me again. Whenever that happened she'd let her eyes glaze over and shut down. Too much too soon. I eventually through the help of my friend and mother in-law, who felt more like my own mother, and my therapist figured out how to keep my mouth shut and wait. This destroyed a little feeling inside me, shut out of our intimate life because Jenna couldn't find it to kiss me or make love again. No playful butt smacks, no kissing and no breasts to play with and this went on for over a month. Finally one night prior to her having to go away for a week for work Jenna sat me down.

"Stephen," she started, "Our vacation went well and I wanted to try and make love maybe when we go to the Islands in a few weeks." 

"OK", I replied not trying to show too much excitement and probably failing miserable. 

"We can try a little tonight and if it leads to more I just have to know that if I say stop you will." 

"I can agree to that princess!" I told her, "Nothing has to happen, I want it too but you're worth the wait."

As I said this she got up and led me by the hand to the bedroom. Locking the door behind her. 

"Get on the bed please," she requested..

I complied sliding up, getting on the bed. She peeled off her shirt, exposing those magnificent breasts until she was leaning over me. She leaned down and for the first time in months she kissed me, not just a little kiss but hot, tongue caressing action that made me immediately rock hard and at attention. She rolled over on her back and pulled my head down to her chest. 

"The girls have missed you," she said in a sultry voice. 

I attacked her hard pink nipples, sucking, swirling my tongue, pulling with one hand while my mouth was busy with the other. I took my time venturing back up for kisses and back to her chest. Thinking the entire time I had to let her read. 

Jenna was writhing and moaning and gasping as she had an orgasm from just her nipples being stimulated. I murmured, "I love you's" in there and continued my assault. When she finally started to come back down I shifted back and let her breathe as I kissed her a few more times. 

Jenna looked deep into my eyes and asked me if I wanted to get off as well. I was torn, I needed, and wanted release but was just as happy because I felt she was finally letting me back in. I had repeatedly told her I'd do anything, and I meant anything to keep her. To show her our loves was still there and help her find it. I didn't want her to rush things on her end and so I told her, while I did want that it could wait. 

"Your wait may not be long," she whispered. 

I just smiled, "Take your time Jenna!"

I went in to use the bathroom and when I came back out she was fast asleep. About two A.M. I awoke to a warm sensation around my cock. Jenna was sliding her lips up and down to the base like a woman possessed. I let my hand fall to the back of her head encouraging her to keep up the pace and quickly warned her I was about to cum. 

Jenna sped up, unbelievably and took me deep into her throat. I thought I could smell her wet heat and I was right when I noticed her bare pussy rubbing my leg. Swallowing all I had to offer Jenna then came up and kissed me. Now some men would be revolted by this but not I. If she was willing to suck and swallow then she deserved a kiss. 

As our kissing increased her center slid up and down my hard length. I slid in and out and worked my hips to touch every spot inside her. Claiming my wife again, as a husband. I'd never try to possess or control her again; I vowed the day she explained that's how she felt. I looked into her open eyes as I made love to her. The she said it.

"Oh god I still love you Stephen," my heart burst with joy.

We still had a long way to go to make things right but this was a hell of a start. Jenna whimpered and bit my shoulder, drawing blood with her nails down my back as she came. Then the dam broke, tears poured from us both.

"Jenna, I love you too, and I'll never let you get hurt by me again." I blubbered. 

Jenna issued apologies and asked me to forgive her choices while she was gone. I couldn't refuse her; I forgave her and promised again we'd make it. We made love all night, she was forced to finally nap and take a break when the kids got up in the morning. I told her to sleep, "I'll take care of them and you get your rest beautiful."

I slipped out of the bedroom a new man; a new vampire with a hunger to have a lifelong mate. I knew I had to sit her down soon and explain who I really was, and what immortality could mean to her. But first we still had more to work on with "us". We still had a long way to go to fix everything that had been damaged. I wasn't sure how long that would take but it had been a start.

Jenna may have been leaving for 5 days but I knew when she came back she was either going to regret giving in or she was going to be a horny mess. We chatted a few times while she was gone and she told me she loved me and I needed to be ready for her return. That there'd be some fun the weekend she got home but that while we were in the islands she figured a lot of that vacation was going to be used for straight up sex. 

When I picked her up from the airport this time it was a look of joy on her face when I met her with the kids in tow at the arrival gate. 

Whispering in my ear Jenna shared, "You are unlucky tonight, I was going to give you the best roadhead, I guess you'll have to wait until they are in bed tonight." 

When we got home it was an all-out race to get everyone in bed. As I slid into bed Jenna walked into the room with a smile as she dropped her robe. She slid into the bed and devoured my cock, swing around over me she gave me a wide open view of her shaved pussy, lowering it to my lips as I grasp her ass and pulled her down. I sucked her clit, licking it also while I fingered her simultaneously. Then I went for the kill as she moaned around my throbbing manhood buried in her throat she came. I slipped my tongue up and teased her ass, reaming her for all I was worth. She reluctantly pulled off my hardness and whimpered and squealed.

"Fuck me there tonight too Stephen!" she commanded in a sexy voice. 

We finally fell asleep hours later after a shower and one more nice long slow session of lovemaking, the lust sated now it was just time for soft sweet passion. We had therapy that next Monday and she told the therapist that it was much more intense now and that she did truly love me and we were going to do everything we could to make it work! But that she no longer had reservations and she wanted a life with me!

I must admit I was beaming with happiness when she said this. It had taken just over a month of therapy and she was ready willing and able to begin to mend the tears. I knew it was still a long road ahead but now when we had more to work with. I wouldn't say I bottle things up per se but I let them sink way down in my thoughts.

If she could move ahead so could I. I could forgive everything because she was going to stay with me and work out every problem. I locked it all away and started to heal myself. 

As we flash forward a few months things did truly begin to get better, I had settled in for the long haul and as hard as it was through the day to day I remembered to look at the bigger picture. Now the wife that couldn't bring herself to kiss, began to be able to kiss with a little tongue, sex was almost regularly scheduled about every four or five days and she was warmer and more receptive. She hadn't returned to the full on loving wife she had been prior to her deployment but she was getting there. I reckoned with just patience and time I'd eventually get the "lady in streets, freak in the bed," back in my arms. 

Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed what fun and physical interactions we had but there had always been a deep need for more, and now with her I still needed more. I needed blowjobs thrown in at random, spanking, to lick, finger, tease and play with and lastly fuck her ass. I needed the dominant role once more and every step there might be weathered and very slow but I had hopes that those needs and wants would come back to her. She had always, for the last several years at least enjoyed and wanted to be tied up, spanked, teased, tortured (lightly of course), she had also extremely found a fondness for anal play which was suddenly gone upon her return. 

As we cruised into October and all things looking up I began to look for hints of Jenna re-adjusting finally. The oral and anal had yet to resume but I was still happy with the amount of intimacy. Imagine a man's sexual urges and needs and then magnify that by a thousand times. That was the level I had been at for nearly three thousand years, always craving, willing and able to satisfy those lusts on a daily or nearly daily basis. So this blip in my lifespan, these 16 years had taught me some restraint as I had not ventured outside the sanctity of marriage to curb my lusts. I had just determined that in time when or rather if Jenna joined me in the eternal walk together that she would find these lusts and also want to explore them often. 

So I waited and set forth to reveal all to her on Halloween, I figured there would be ample time to set the parameters and how they were revealed. But in the end carefully laid plans don't always come out just as they were plotted. As we got the kids ready and took them out trick or treating and went for the walks I told Jenna to watch carefully. I told her to focus on me for just a moment I had something to show her. Then in my mind I opened the window for a transportal window and then stepped through to the next dimension. I stepped out about a block down and then texted her to keep walking the way we were headed. 

"How the fuck..." She began both stammering and giggling at the realization that something was being shown to her. 

"Let's get the kids home in a bit and in bed and I'll show you for it's nearly impossible to just explain it." 

So an hour later as we prepared the children for bed Jenna couldn't contain her questions anymore. She had to know; she needed to see it again and wanted to know everything. I told her reassuringly that if she just gave me a little longer and the kids were asleep I'd be able to show her everything. 

Finally the kids were in bed and the two smaller ones had come out a few times for the bathroom or drinks or their nightly routine. Then I took her hand and told her to just trust in me I'd explain everything shortly, and not to let go of my hand. As I stepped through a portal window, mentally having already mapped out where I would take her, I pulled her along, quickly stepping out the other side. We were standing on a beach in Hawaii where we had frequented while we lived there. This had been one of her favorite spots. I told her to open her eyes and then watched as the awe spread over her face. 

"What kind of trick is this Stephen," she inquired. 

"This is only one of my many abilities Jenna," I began sitting down in the sand, "I can also step through one of those portals that can allow me to step back in time, I have much more strength than I have ever allowed you to see and also I am immortal." 

"Haha," she laughed, "Ok so where are we really, the sun feels so warm and yet, I know we have to be inside somewhere in our house." 

"Ok, to fix any disbelief on this aspect alone baby tell me anywhere we have ever been together that you would like to go." 

"My mom and dad's house," she replied.

"Ok once again, hold on to me and be quiet when we get there I'm going to set us in your old bedroom and we don't know if they are home, awake or asleep either, are you sure there's nowhere else you'd rather go that I can put us without risk of being seen, heard or noticed?"

"Wildwood Inn," she spoke after a moment of thought, "I think a room there would be nice or just somewhere on the grounds." 

Plotting the course in my head I took her hand and stepped through the opening and out the other side as quickly as possible. We stood in the domed area 

"Oh, my fucking God!" Jenna exclaimed. "How is this possible?"

I grabbed her hand and then led her through one more window, stepping out quickly in our backyard. "Ok take a deep breath baby, I'm going to lay a lot on you very quickly and then I'll try to answer any questions you may have."

"First of all I'm basically three thousand years old and have been walking this earth in one form or another for that many years. I have recently, well recently to me, nearly a century or so for you, a new ability that allowed me a full body transformation and the ability to embrace childhood again and grow up and do all the things people wish they could do over again."

I took a pause and kissed her soft lips, "Just hang in there this won't take long. You've always wondered why I couldn't really gain weight, why I fluctuate within about thirty pounds constantly and have since we met, when rightfully with what I eat I should easily be pushing three or four hundred pounds. My metabolism is higher than can be recorded; it's just an after effect really of what I am." 

Now I paused, letting the tension build for just a moment. "Yes, you know I still have speed even at this age, speed to rival most 18 year olds. You know I am stealthy, graceful and intelligent, and very, very viral. All of these add up to what I actually am. Yes, my dear I am one of the oldest living vampires."

Jenna chuckled her disbelief, "Ok, what kind of hoax is this you know that there aren't really vampires, that is just Hollywood." 

"Jenna, I have many abilities and talents and can share them with you but first you have to believe me. What would convince you of the truth? Yes, there are many myths about vampires, and sure a lot of them are true, some of the bloodlines have thinned out over the thousands of years and as a half- breed, or bitten vampire then spawns or creates a new vampire the bloodline thins even more. This leads to stupidity among our kind that think they are immortal. I can honestly tell you that among all the vampires past, present, or future I am one of the original ten. "

"Show me your fangs, and why can you walk in daylight? What about the kids? What other abilities? Why haven't you turned me into a vampire?" her questions all came out in a rush.

"Ok," I grinned opening my mouth, slowly letting my eyeteeth down into sharp point, willing them down. "They only come out when we are threatened or want them to be seen. They can't be seen in an x-ray and if someone does see them we can just "glamour" for lack of a better word. Daylight, ah that is such bullshit created for the movies. There have been halflings, that for some strange reason were albinos, or have had, Systemic lupus erythematosus. In short a disease that wouldn't allow them to be exposed to sunlight." I took a deep breath before continuing, "Our children are rare in the fact that I have not had any other children throughout all these years. So they are the purest of vampire blood, the only way they could be more pure would be if you had been either a vampiress or one of the other original ten. They will come into their powers when they turn approximately 16, although Daphne is already showing signs of maturity now. This will not make them evil by any means. They will not have to bite, or kill anyone, there are supplements out there today for our kind. "

I gave it all a moment to sink in before continuing, "As for other abilities, we've established I can be anywhere instantaneously, I'm immortal, the ability to shift into another body when or if I ever need to, of course hypnotism, to some degree time travel. The time travel I'm still working out. Which also presents one question on what you choose to do after we've discussed this? I haven't turned you into a vampire because I wasn't sure if you wanted to be one. Plain and simple it's not a normal life, you must keep it hidden, all of our family will die before we do and honestly once the bond is forged you will remain with me forever. This is not like the tv show where if I make you I can release you. To make a life mate, one that is immortal, and one that would have as close to my powers as possible you'd have to draw off my blood as well. That bond can never be broken, what you see I can see. Everything you do I will be aware of, if I command you to do something you'd never have a choice in the matter. You would be with me forever unless one of us was killed, highly unlikely. Also I know now how you feel about control and your freedom; I couldn't impose that on you immediately when you came home for obvious reasons. "
