 Update: I rewrote the opening scene of this segment, based on reader feedback, which I couldn't argue against. I think chapters 54 and 55 flow great together in my manuscript, but up here on the site, with so much time between segment submissions, it didn't feel write. So, here you go. Hope this does Amy and Violet more justice, which they deserve.

I'm sorry it took so long to submit this, but as I've said many times in my status updates, life has been really busy lately. Thank you so much for the comments and the surge in voting, and please keep it up. Voting and comments are the only way I know how I'm doing on this story.

-redskyes

*

So, as it turns out, Violet and I made an absolute mess of the couch. I won't go into details. It was...well, just trust me. Anyway, after cleaning up after ourselves, we had a quick breakfast and shared a hot bath, me reclining at one end of the tub, her at the other. We spent the time catching up. She and Holly were doing great, despite Violet professing her love for me less than an hour before. She wasn't sure if their relationship was going to be a long term thing or not, but she hoped it would.  

So far, so good, it seemed. They'd already made plans to spend Christmas with Holly's parents down in Texas. In my book, meeting the parents was always a big deal. Violet told me she was nervous at first, about Holly bringing her girlfriend home, but then Holly reminded her that her parents were well aware that she was gay, so Violet had nothing to worry about.

I sat across from Violet with my right foot propped up on her chest between her breasts, watching her massage my foot. It was heavenly.

"So, you love me, huh?" I grinned.

Violet looked up from my foot and smirked, then she briefly tickled me, making me lurch upright in the tub. After our giggling subsided, I asked her, "Why didn't you say anything before?"

She raised an eyebrow, but didn't answer.

I shrugged. "Things might have..."

She interrupted me with, "...turned out exactly the way they are now."

I wasn't sure what to say to that, so I just sat there like a mute idiot.

"Sarah's perfect for you, Amy," she told me with a little smile. "She loves you so much, and I know you love her."

"But what about you?" I asked.

She shrugged. "I'm happy." Then she smirked again and transformed to her usual bubbly self. "So long as I have at least one magical size-adjustable girl-cock in my life, I'll be fine."

I laughed and splashed her with bathwater.

"But," she raised an eyebrow and said seriously, "I'll expect Sarah to share you with me now and then."

"You wouldn't share me," I teased.

She cocked her head. "Don't have much of choice in that, now do I?"

She was being playful. I knew that. Still, it struck a guilty cord in me.

"And Holly will be okay with this?"

Her voice dropped an octave. "She doesn't have much of a choice either, unless something changes between us."

"Like what?" I asked.

She smiled. "Like me loving her as much as you and Sarah love each other."

I nodded and couldn't help but feel a little sad. My friend was in love with me, but I was in love with Sarah, madly, deeply, with every fiber of my being. The simple fact was that Violet couldn't have me, because I simply couldn't give myself to her. So much of me was in love with Sarah that there wasn't enough of me left to give. That made me wonder about Trevor. Was there enough of me left for him?

"Hey," she snapped playfully, dropping my foot back into the water and crawling up over me, straddling me in the tub, the tips of her breasts dragging up my small boobs. "Quit being so serious."

When I smiled and gave her a nod, she smiled back and kissed me. I smoothed my hands up her thighs in the water and her tongue pushed past my lips. She kissed me with both love and lust, heat and feeling, friend and lover. I felt her soft silken cleft rub against my stiffening shaft and I cooed into her mouth. Soon I was thrusting my hips - as best I could, at any rate - relishing the feel of her sex opening against my swollen rod.

"Despite what you may have read in romance novels," she told me, kissing me again. "Sex in water sucks ass."

I chuckled and smoothed my hands up her sides, cupping her huge tits in my hands and gently rolling her big nipples between thumb and forefinger.

"Mmm," she cooed against my mouth, gave my lips a swipe with her hot tongue. "Let's move this to the bed."

I smiled, loving the feel of her lips against mine, her soft slippery body with almost no space between us. "I thought you were supposed to be helping me this morning."

She grinned against my mouth, reached between us and wrapped her hand around my cock. "I am helping you, sweetie."

"Helping me do what, exactly?"

"Fuck me," she replied huskily, squeezing the end of me.

I sighed at the feel of her and asked, "Is that an answer or a demand?"

She smiled and nibbled my lip, whispering against my mouth, "Both."

Violet crawled out of the tub and took my hand, guiding me out and to the bedroom. We toweled ourselves off by the bed, but she had a lot more hair to dry out than I did, so I was finished before her. Her arms were up, hands above her head, and her towel was covering her face, but her gloriously curvy body was in full view.

I could never get over how incredibly sexy Violet was, and I don't think I ever would either. Her breasts were so big and full. I swear they were bigger these days. They sagged just a little under their tremendous weight, but they looked perfect on her. Her waist was narrower than her shoulders, and her hips flared out wonderfully. Below that, my eyes fell to her pillowy mound, so soft and smooth, the top of her slit just barely visible when she stood with her legs together.

I couldn't just stand there and do nothing, and found myself dropping my towel and closing the distance between us. I reached around and up, grabbing hold of both her wrists behind her head with one hand, pinning them there, and the front of my body nestled against hers while my hard cock pushed between her thighs.

Violet smiled, the lower half of her face uncovered by the towel.

I kissed her soft full lips lightly, giving them a swipe with my tongue, and a shivering sigh escaped her. Still holding her wrists, I kissed and nibbled her chin and down her neck. A few beads of water still graced her skin, and I kissed and licked them away, down her chest. She tasted so fucking good that my cock throbbed between her legs, the wide shaft of me pushing up into her wet slit.

"Like what you see, sweetie?" she asked teasingly.

I grunted an affirmative and kissed my way over her left breast, down the slope of it, avoiding her nipple with my mouth but letting my chin rub across it.

"Gawd, Amy," she moaned softly, trying to free her hands, but I held her wrists tightly. Instead, she moved her hips back, then forward, rubbing her warm wet slit over my shaft. She thrust her hips back and forth while I kissed down the side of her breast, and when I pushed my face under her tit and began kissing the soft sensitive skin where her titflesh joined her abdomen, she cooed for me.

Something about the delightful sound she made forced me to draw back and look at her. Violet was one of my dearest friends, so important to me, and I loved her, but she was also the hottest fucking woman I knew. I adored Sarah's body, so don't get me wrong, but Violet was a sex goddess, plain and simple. Holly once told me that with Freyja's gift, our bodies were made for sex. She was wrong. If anyone was made for sex, it was Violet.

Still rubbing her hot cleft over my shaft, Violet leaned forward and opened her mouth, searching for mine. I gave her a delicate kiss, teasing her. She tried again, and again, getting more frustrated, more impatient.

"Amy, please," she begged softly. She practically lunged forward and managed to find my lips with hers, but I pulled back and managed to keep the kiss so very brief. She growled low in her throat, "You're such a bitch."

I laughed softly, then squeezed her wrists and told her, "Don't move."

She huffed, but nodded just the same. She wanted me, and she was willing to do whatever I asked to have me. It gave me a sense of incredible power over her, and I loved it. Glancing around, inspiration struck me. I leaned to the side with my hand on Violet's shoulder for balance and managed to open a drawer on the dresser. I pulled out a silk scarf.

"Close your eyes," I said.

She nodded again, and when I unwound the towel from her head and dropped it on the floor, she kept her eyes closed. Her dark red hair was still pretty wet, so it hung heavily down her back, away from her face. I covered her eyes with the scarf and tied it behind her head, and she started to lower her arms.

"No," I told her, and she froze. "Keep your arms where they were."

Violet swallowed and raised her arms again. I wound the scarf around one of her wrists and knotted it, then the other, securing her wrists behind her head. Violet pulled her arms, testing the binding.

"There," I said with a smile, smoothing my hands down her arms to her sides, grazing the sides of her breasts with my palms and making her shiver. "That's better."

Violet licked her hips and asked, "What are you gonna do with me?"

I leaned in close and whispered against her mouth, "Whatever I want."

Violet shook from head to toe, and a tiny whimper escaped her.

I smoothed my hands down to her hips, then carefully guided her backwards to sit down on the end of the bed, my cock slipping from between her legs and springing up to slap against my stomach, leaving a wet smear of pre below my boobs.

When Violet was seated, taking deep breaths through her open mouth, I wrapped my hand around my lower shaft and bent my cock down to point straight out. The end of me was level with her mouth, and I moved my hips forward just a bit, my tip bathed in her warm breath. My knob touched her lower lip, and Violet moaned, opening her mouth to take me inside.

"Uh-uh," I told her, grabbing her bound wrists with my other hand and holding her back.

She groaned softly in protest, "Please."

I grinned, loving this power I had over her. Holding her head in place by her wrists, I rubbed the big head of my cock around her mouth, spreading copious pre over her lips. Violet licked my arousal from her lips, moaning as she did so, and her warm slippery tongue laved the end of me in the process.

"You're so beautiful, Violet," I told her, gazing down at her lovely face, her gorgeous body.

She smiled, and she actually blushed a little. I began rubbing my cockhead over her cheek. Holding my cock just beneath the head, I pressed my shaft against her mouth and nose. Violet took a deep breath through her nose, drawing in the scent of my dick, then she began licking my shaft, up and down, side to side. A big drop of pre welled up at the end of me and rolled over, dripping onto her forehead above the scarf. I drew my hips back and pushed my cock down again, once more touching it to her lips. She opened her mouth and I let her wrap her lips around the end of me, blocking the rest of me with my hand beneath the head. Leaning over, I kissed away the glob of precum from her forehead, then pulled my dick out of her mouth with a soft pop.

Violet moaned in protest. I squeezed my dick and forced out a huge glob of thick pre, then smeared it around her mouth. Her tongue immediately tried to lick it up.

"Don't lick it away," I told her.

She groaned in frustration.

Slowly, I pulled on her wrists, forcing her to lean back while supporting her, and I dragged the drooling tip of me down over her chin, smearing more pre on her smooth skin. When I reached her neck, I began stroking my cock. More precum dripped from my dick, and I spread it down her neck and to her chest, painting her with my dong. My thick length began to throb, and the core of me tingled. If I wasn't careful, I'd blow my load on her chest before I even got started. I eased up on my stroking, smearing more arousal on her breast, focusing on her nipple until it was shiny with pre.

"Gawd, Violet," I sighed, gazing down at her and shaking my head in wonder. "You're so pretty with my cum on you."

Violet shivered and said, "Make me pretty, Amy."

She wanted me to come on her, and I really wanted to, but I had other ideas in mind. Her lips were glistening with the gloss of my pre, and I just couldn't resist. I pulled her head back a bit further and leaned over her, stroking my cock and spreading more arousal over her tits. Then I closed my mouth over hers and kissed her deeply.

"Mmm!" Violet moaned with the sudden invasion of my tongue in her mouth.

She pushed her mouth into the kiss hard, like she was trying to eat me, and I loved it. I drew my tongue out of her mouth and held her head in place, then licked up all the gooey pre from her lips and closed my mouth over hers again. Violet sucked the pre from my tongue and swallowed. I kissed her slowly, but so very deep, crushing my mouth against hers. Bending at the knees, I dragged the so swollen end of me down her stomach, pushed the head of my cock down through her hot cleft, so slippery with arousal, then lodged the fat end of me at her opening. Violet jerked in my grasp and stopped holding herself up. I was ready for it, so she fell back onto the bed.

"Jeezus, Amy," she moaned, writhing on the bed, thrusting her hips to capture me inside her, but I kept myself just at her opening. She groaned loudly, "You're driving me fucking crazy."

"Good," I grinned, making her growl.

Bending over, I wrapped my hands around her ankles and drew them up, then out, spreading her legs as wide as she could handle while I stood back up. Then I looked at her.

I simply cannot adequately describe what she saw, but I'll try. She was so beautiful, her smooth creamy skin glistening with the precum I'd smeared over her, and so vulnerable, her wrists bound behind her head. Her huge breasts rose and fell on her chest with deep breaths, nipples so hard and swollen, spearing out from her mounds of flesh. Her soft belly heaved as she thrust her hips, rubbing her sopping opening against the end of me, her folds literally nipping at my tip. With her legs spread so wide, she was completely helpless, and burning up with barely contained lust. Violet's pussy is normally closed, only her clit visible, just peeking out, but she was so aroused that her swollen labia were spread wide, and her pink insides glistened, so very wet.

Holding her ankles, I began thrusting my hips, short and shallow, almost pushing inside her, but not quite, just enough so that she could feel my big dick spreading her open, forcing her insides to accept me, but not letting her take me. She whimpered and moaned, begged me to fuck her, pleaded. I brought one of her ankles in front of me, and for the first time, I realized how pretty her feet were. It came out of the nowhere, the desire to own her, every part of her, even her feet. So that's what I did. I licked a hot line up the bottom of her foot, making her gasp and shiver, then closed my mouth over her big toe and the smaller one beside it.

"Oh fuck," she groaned.

I licked and sucked her toes, all of them, felt her wiggling them inside my mouth, felt her arousal leaking out of her perfect pussy. I couldn't help it. I thrust my hips forward and shoved a full third of my thick pole inside her.

"Gawd!" she screamed, arcing her back.

Her hot cunt collapsed around me, so soft, so wet, so tight. It took every ounce of willpower I had not to fill her up with the rest of me. I held myself there and moved her ankle out again, then brought her other foot to my mouth. Violet trashed on the bed, breathing so hard and fast I thought she was hyperventilating. I licked and sucked her toes, pushing another third of my dick into her hot cunt. She screamed again.

"Amy, please," she begged, whimpering, and if the scarf hadn't been covering her eyes, I was pretty sure I'd have seen tears. "Please, fuck me."

Spreading her legs again, so very wide, wide enough that she shook with the strain, I looked down between us and shoved the rest of my cock deep into her body. Violet arched her back so forcefully that her shoulders cleared the bed, her big breasts riding so high on her chest. I put her legs by my hips and Violet wrapped them around my waist.

Leaning over her, I drew most of my cock out of her and kissed her stomach, licking up the pre I'd spread there, then further up her body, licking and nibbling her boobs. Pushing my thick dick back inside her, she groaned loudly and thrust her hips to meet me. The end of me ground gently against the end of her. I saw her nipple glistening wetly with my pre and latched my mouth onto it, sucking it deep into my mouth, hard.

"Fuck, yes!" she hissed, thrusting her chest up as best she could.

I laved her tit with my tongue, then licked up her sternum to her throat. I drew out of her and thrust back in, fucking her slow and deep. Her warm wet walls were so soft, but so strong, squeezing me powerfully, and she was so wet that I could hear my cock sliding in and out of her, the soft pat, pat, pat of my pelvis against her thighs music to my ears.

"You're so fucking big, baby," Violet moaned, writhing beneath me, more of the front of my body pressing against hers as I licked my precum off her neck and chin.

When my lips found hers, Violet turned her head and kissed me furiously. I fucked her harder, faster, my hips becoming a blur as I pounded her perfect pussy relentlessly. She moaned into my mouth, groaned, growled, her insides convulsing around me. She felt so fucking good, so tight around my cock, body so soft and warm beneath me. The smell of her, the feel of her, the taste of her, it was just too much.

My belly tightened, knotted. I was going to come and there was no stopping it. I ravaged her hot cunt with my thick dong, fucked her hard and deep, the end of me thudding against the end of her. My cock swelled inside her and I felt cum rushing up the length of me.

Violet broke the kiss and hissed against my mouth, "Yes, come inside me."

Lying fully on top of her, I shoved my hands under her ass and held tight, fucking her hard, long deep strokes of every inch of me, the head of my cock almost coming out of her, only to plunge back in, so very deep. Her hot cunt sucked and slurped on my dick, the sounds of our rutting loud and lewd, and so fucking sexy.

With a growl, I kissed her and thrust one last time. Hot cum blew out of me with shocking force, spilling into her and immediately washing my length in thick cream.

Violet came, wailing into my mouth, climaxing around my spurting dick. A second pulse, then a third, and her cumming cunt overflowed, gooey cum spilling out between her legs. With another growl, I drew out of her with a loud pop and leaned back, stroking my cock. Rope after thick rope blew out of me, laying hot lines of jizz on her heaving stomach and chest, her neck, her face and hair, and well beyond her head.

I blew seven ropes on her body, then lunged forward, grabbed her wrists and heaved her up to a sitting position. My cock sprayed a huge spurt of cum under her chin that fell to her heaving chest, and holding her wrists tightly, I forced her mouth over the end of me. Violet moaned with delight, still caught up in her climax. My dick lurched, filled her mouth with a single burst, and she swallowed it, only to have her mouth filled again. I filled her mouth a few more times, maybe a lot more, but Violet sucked and slurped endlessly.

Finally, when the last drop of cream spilled out of me and into her mouth, Violet gave me one last noisy slurp and let me pop out of her mouth. She leaned her head back and opened her mouth wide, showing me the mouthful of white cream she was keeping there, then she closed her mouth, her throat worked, and she swallowed my load, opening her mouth for me again.
