 As the night began to give way to the dawn I slid down one last time to lap at Jenna's hungry, pulsing holes. I had left her completely fucked and sated for now and she was still whimpering and moaning as her firm but soft silky clit was tickled by my tongue. Oh soon enough she would know the hunger and desire of the vampire. The lust and uncontrollable urges of a newly changed one. I had only heard rumors to this point and I must admit I and my always ready cock were more than excited about this possibility. 

I scooped Jenna up and walked through the window that appeared before us, stepping out in our bedroom at home and laying her on the bed softly. "Ah I don't think I can go again honey," she whispered. 

"Don't worry honey," I began, "I'm not going to fill you again, this time I'm going to make two holes, then I will give you a drink from me. I know you've never done drugs, but I've been told this is one of the ultimate highs during the transformation. Don't worry; I'll be here with you the entire time baby." 

Slowly I leaned forward, I didn't have much hesitation, just the briefest of them, I had never changed anyone before and had been reluctant to do so. But this was with her consent and what she wanted so I would do it and welcome her to the order. Tilting my head back I opened my mouth and willed my teeth to extend into their fangs, quickly leaning down I brought my mouth to this sexy woman's neck and then bit through the flesh. Puncturing her carotid artery, sucking in deep mouthfuls of the blood, oh the deliciousness of it. It wouldn't take much longer, Stephen thought to himself, he stopped and licked the wound allowing it to close. He wanted two more places on her body and one was just for fun while the other was erotic and the other mainline in her veins. He lifted the sheet away and teased a nipple, allowing it to harden before slipping one fang through the flesh, he knew it would hurt but not for long and she had always enjoyed a little rough play on her nipples. Reaching across his nightstand he grabbed a hoop that would fit and slipped it into the opening. Quickly he licked the site and allowed the wound to close around the hoop. 

Now for the finale, he slipped further beneath the blanket and opened Jenna's legs, Stephen slipped between them and found the artery running just on the inside of her thigh close to her sex and then bit. He sucked the blood slowly from the wound running his fingers up into her center, teasing her clit as he did it. He wanted Jenna to associate this transformation with the sexual reawaking of the wanton slut within. Slowly he pulled away, with some reluctance he managed to break the hunger inside him. It had been very rare that he took human blood and never to this degree, never to drain to the point of creating a vampire or changing someone. 

Slipping back up to rest on the bed beside Jenna, Stephen pondered where to open on himself to allow her to drain. His devious mind thought that his cock would be the best place, and the most fun, but he decided that could come eventually. She would get several transfusions of his blood over the next few months in his hopes to make her strong and connected to him without question. Turning his wrist over he bit down and allowed a wound to stay open and then brought his wrist to her open waiting mouth. She knew what to expect as she began to drink, slowly even now she could taste what began as a metallic taste of blood turned almost into a fine wine. She was amazed, it tasted so good. Jenna would later liken it to getting drunk the first time without the hangover. It was just very sweet and intoxicating. 

After about two minutes Stephen pulled his wrist away, Jenna clung to it still trying to suck and gain more of the nectar but it would not come yet. Stephen leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Now baby, just rest, I'll get the kids ready and to school. I'll be back to check on you in a little bit. Don't go anywhere." 

Stephen closed the door behind him and went out to make breakfast for the kids. He went back to check on Jenna several times throughout the morning as she slept like the dead. The kids all wanted to see her but Stephen put them off saying mommy wasn't feeling well and that she would probably be in bed most of the morning. Finally he was able to get them all three off to school and he began to prepare for Jenna's reawaking. 

Opening a window he stepped through to a cavern buried deep in the Appalachian Mountains. He had prepared this for an emergency or any unforeseen disaster, also just for in case Daphne had changed too quickly and had a bloodlust set in. A few pints of blood weren't going to do too much damage if he took them out now. He could always jump into a blood bank and refill with. He paused to think for a moment, it was only a matter of time now before Daphne changed. He had watched her this morning and her speed was growing, she didn't realize it but watching her he had noticed that she had dropped a mug and caught it in midair without realizing it. Not that significant if one didn't know what to watch for, normally it would have just been an amazing save.  

Conjuring back up the window he stepped through and into his bedroom. Jenna was lying on the bed with a salacious grin; he looked at the sheets and noticed the rise and fall as she was stroking her moist center. She looked up at him with hungry eyes, eyes that had changed their hue and were now glowing with a radiant purple tinged iris. He had heard that sometimes they didn't stay down for the full three days. Sometimes, just rarely the change was quick and the lusts grew immediately. Sitting down on the bed he opened the bag he had stuffed the blood in and opened one, he opened Jenna's mouth and poured some of the liquid in and let her taste the new infusion. 

Jenna thought this one wasn't as good, maybe because of two separate reasons, one being it didn't belong to Stephen, and two for nearly the same reason but this one didn't have the same aging to it his was blessed with. Her body was on fire, lust filled her and all she could think about was feeling his cock deep inside her again, at this point she didn't care where. She wanted to feel him in her shaven little pussy which even now was sucking and clenching at her fingers. Her tight little ass also was feeling quite empty and she wanted to feel him thrusting in there again claiming her. She also had the urge to taste his cum and know the essence that truly exuded life now. 

Time seemed to stand still as Jenna finished the pint of blood; she tossed the bag to the side and grabbed Stephen's hand, bringing it to her aching swollen nipple which he had pierced. "Tug it, I want to feel the pain," she whimpered. She reached between his legs and took hold of his cock and pulled him closer, she decided then that she wanted to taste him right now. It was maddening beyond her belief that she couldn't control the lust. She sat up and ripped his pants off clutching his ass and pulling his cock to her open waiting mouth. Jenna bobbed up and down sucking hard, willing him to fill her mouth with cum. She was rewarded fairly quickly by catching him off guard and not even giving him a chance to warn her. 

What Jenna hadn't known was her bobbing would have been a blur to any human watching. Her vampiric speed was so tremendous already that she had bobbed and sucked him off in a matter of a minute. Never allowing him to even gain the moment to figure out how to alert her. 

As soon as she had swallowed the mouth full she began to stroke him harder again and then allowed him to slide down to the bed. Catching his breath and realizing he was still rock hard, he looked and Jenna was slipping over him, spreading her legs over his thighs and letting his cock slide deep up inside her. Jenna took his hands and clutched them over her breasts while she rocked back and forth on his cock. It had been this good before but not in a long time, and now with her new senses already kicking in she was well aware of every inch of him inside her, and every inch inside of her clenching and pulling around his manhood. She almost hated him for not having done this to her years ago. She did think that despite all that the last year had encompassed she would love to have some of that time back to change things. She'd never tell him that now, realizing it would hurt him too much to even bring it up. She wondered if there was a way she could get him to do it for her while she was out the next time half lucid. If there was a way to trick him into going into her mind and erasing a few bad memories, some of their shared time that hadn't been perfect. She decided to be straight forward later maybe after one more nap and then maybe ask him to do it for her. 

As she drifted off after five more orgasms Stephen slipped out of the bed. Unbeknownst to Jenna, he was now quite capable of slipping into her mind as was one of his abilities. He had never done it to her while she had been human, now he couldn't help it with their shared merging of blood. The intrusion had been while she had ridden him, he had been able to focus on her pleasure as well as his. Suddenly he had heard some of her thoughts slipping through, her wishing she could change things not because guilt but so that she wouldn't realize she had hurt him and so that he'd feel better about things. Little had he known up until that point was that it had been a woman that she had been unfaithful with. It hadn't occurred to him before to look into her mind, and everything he had seen and been told was it was a man. Now he realized that and he snuck a quick peek into her mind to get a few mental pictures. Yes, it had been a woman, there had been a strap on involved and while part of it turned him on it still hurt him. 

So while she was sleeping he slipped deep into her mind and implanted a different thought, one that said that she had worked out everything with him and that he knew everything and was alright now. He quickly pulled out of her mind and stepped away from the bed. He walked into the kitchen and then sat down at the table. He put his head in his hands and wept quietly for a few moments, he had given her the best he could without removing the memories. Jenna had of her own free will decided that she wanted to join him for all time. He knew now that there would be no turning back, now unless he staked her or she was killed she'd be with him forever. He now needed to do two things. Figure out how to teach her all that she would need to know and then sit down Daphne and explain things to her and hope that she adjusted as well. 

Knowing Daphne's penchant for horror movies as well as her love for vampires he figured she would take to it like a natural. She'd have to be careful and not excel too much in sports or with speed; intelligence and they'd have to be doubly careful of her lusts as she hit puberty. That was something he'd have to do a few quick jumps around to friends and find out about how they had coped at such a time. 

Jenna blissfully slept through the next evening only waking up once in the middle of the night to feed and ravage her husband once more before passing out again. Stephen managed to watch over her and reassure the kids that she was just sick and not feeling well and sleeping. He had allowed them to go in and kiss her goodnight before their own bedtime. Keeping a watchful eye on her as they did, waiting with bated breath for her to lunge at any moment and he was prepared to pull her away if he was needed. She did stir briefly but then slipped back into a restful sleep. 

Stephen opened a window and stepped into the warp plotting where he needed it, stepping through on guard he realized that he may be attacked at any moment here. Very quickly he heard a growl, "Do you enter of your own free will?" 

"Ah, Sabien, my old friend," Stephen began, "I have come seeking counsel." 

Sabien, took a step towards him and extended a hand, "So you have finally figured out the transmortal thing as well as created a new vampire and sired some of your own." 

"How could you possibly know that old friend?" Stephen asked. 

"Well you have been away for quite a while and the ring on your finger tells me you are married, considering how old you are now I only put these things together. Plus knowing I've sired a few of my own as well as married numerous times I reckoned you'd be here seeking information." 

"So wise you are Sabien," Stephen acknowledged, "I have done each of these and I knew the other 9 would not hold me in contempt for missing a gathering or three if I had perfected this ability. Plus I have only sought refuge so that I wouldn't draw attention to my being. I rarely until the last few days made any jumps and just I guess existed." 

"Stephen, what knowledge do you seek?" Sabien asked. 

"I need to know how did you control your daughter's lust when she hit puberty? Daphne is showing signs already of changing at 12 and I need to be able to guide and control her. Plus just general knowledge of how would you approach this and share with her what she is?" 

Sabien took a deep breath and then spoke with his slow methodical way, "Well when Sierra had her change she was 15, a little early and I sat her down and explained to her what was happening. Now at that time I was draining humans every now and then and it was a much different time, you will remember this was nearly two hundred years ago and before the wild vampire craze." 

"Yes," Stephen stated, "but the knowledge would be the same in both times, Daphne will be the easiest one of the three I think to adapt. Maybe the youngest in Jared will cope quite well but the middle child is a bit of a drama queen and eccentric anyway so with her it's sort of a crapshoot. " 

"Whoa, three little vampires just waiting to ascend, and when did you change the mother? Was it before they were born or after?" 

"Actually it's funny that you ask that," Stephen said, "I just, as in two days ago, changed her. I was reluctant to do so until I was sure she would be able to accept it and she would be ready to spend an eternity with me." 

"Well now, so the children are half-breeds, which will be interesting considering that you have not created any prior, and also that you are undoubtedly the strongest among us," Sabien offered. 

"I thank you for the kind words, we both know that any of the 10 is strong and even their half-breeds are stronger than any bitten or otherwise created vampires. But you may be correct, Daphne is already far surpassed in her intelligence and her speed is now rapidly coming into play," Stephen stated, sharing the incident of the prior day. 

Sabien gave a chuckle and then related all he had shared with Sierra and how he had approached it. Knowing the intricacies of what they were and what to do, how to contain the lusts that they would have and also the longings in their cravings for blood. 

Stephen thanked Sabien and then opened a window, but before he could step through Sabien offered one last word of wisdom, "I would highly advise you to bring Jenna and at least Daphne to the next gathering in a few months. The council would greatly appreciate the attendance of the leader and be blessed by you bestowing a few hours of your time." 

The wisdom of such an old and trusted friend was much needed and considering how long he had been away he reckoned that it had been a gift from Sabien. It normally would have not been seen as more than just two friends sharing information but considering how long he had been away which would normally be a blip in the radar it was very appreciated. Stephen thought to ask why there was a council meeting so soon since they didn't happen on as often but just then Sabien sent him a mental message. 

"Yes, the council meetings have been made a little more frequent since you left due to the nature of all the movies and books that have come out about us in the past fifty years or so, more in the last twenty years, and we need to make sure that we are keeping a lid on the truth through the 10 and their sired extensions. As we know every vampire half-breed or not is an extension, no matter how far removed from one of us." 

Well with that question answered Stephen stepped outside the vortex and into his living room. Standing there with her mouth agape was Daphne, staring at him from no more than two feet away. 

"Dad how the fuck did you do that?" She asked. 

I laughed, well I guess now would be almost as good a time as any to start letting her in on what her dear old dad actually was. I hoped I could hold her off a few days until Jenna was up and moving and we could both take responsibility for sharing this with her. 

"Give me a minute, I just snuck up the stairs as quietly as possible to scare you and I wasn't prepared for that outburst," I chuckled. 

"Um no you didn't Dad, I was just on the stairs and you appeared out of nowhere right in front of me." 

I,(Stephen yes, I like to bounce in and out of first and third person when I'm telling this story so bear with me) told her she was just losing her mind and I had to go check on her mom really quick. 

Stepping into the bedroom I quickly shut the door, Jenna was lying there, slowly writhing and moaning nude on the bed. I figured in a lust filled dream that she was having, it had been over a day since that particular lust had been fed and I knew she was deep in need. But now was not an opportune time. I sent her a mental message to see if she could receive one and if she'd be able to respond. "Am I getting through to you my gorgeous wife?" 

"Oh my, what is this?" Jenna questioned in response. 

"Telepathy, it is another means of communication if ever needed. Now regain your composure and be ready for Daphne and I in a few moments. I'll feed you after; both of your lusts will be fed." 

Jenna smiled up and pulled the blanket back, the wanton look in her eye amazed me, it had been renewed, and the lust there was simply uncontrollable. With the sheet back all of her glorious nakedness was exposed and she didn't hesitate to beckon me with her body. I just shook my head and told her to cover up and prepare for Daphne once more. 

I stepped back outside the door and heard both the audible and mental huff Jenna gave, she was obviously pouting but I would make good on her needs soon enough. Leading Daphne through the door I told her to sit on the bed. 

"Ok because I think that you can handle this I'm just going to blurt it out. First I'm going to play a little game with you," I reached on the night stand and pulled out a stress ball, I tossed it to Daphne right at her face and her hand instantaneously shot up catching the orb. 

"Yes," I began "you my dear have abilities that are extraordinary. You are a half-breed vampire." 

I waited through her giggling and then she asked what was really going on. Taking out a pint of the blood I had waiting I poured a little into a vial and handed it to her. "Drink and tell me what you think." 

Daphne drank the vial and then looked up at me smiling. "It tastes like mangos," she exclaimed. 

"Look, you can't tell anyone, I mean anyone about this all you can do is talk to mommy and I. Now the important part is that mommy has just been changed, but I my little one am over 3,000 years old. I have plans in a few months to take you and mommy to meet others like you. Actually it will be a significant first for you as well as many of the others. You are going to be allowed in chambers with the council of the "original 10"." 

Both Jenna and Daphne looked at each other with cheesy grins. "What exactly does that mean for us Daddy?" Daphne asked. 

"First it means that you will both see that I am the leader of the vampires, I have been away for about three nearly four decades and while that seems like so long to you both it is merely a blip of time for me. A vacation of sorts to be honest. Also it will allow you both to speak with a very special friend's child and his mate whom have both gone through what you are going through right now." 
