 I have an editor! He's a fellow writer, and a wonderful one too, so I don't want to take up too much of his time, but he deserves a great big shout-out, at the very least. So, thank you, Blind_Justice, for your help, your ideas, and your encouragement. You are very much appreciated.

Now, on to Strange Days!

-redskyes

Chapter 69

The months seemed to fly by. School was kicking my ass, and working for Armia felt a thousand times harder than Dangerous Angels. It was strange though. Darren and I were officially on Armia's payroll, but not once had I met anyone else that worked for them. I'd never even been in one of their studios. All of my jobs were on-site shoots around the city, sometimes a two or three hour drive away. I'd worked photo shoots with more models than ever, and I couldn't remember even a quarter of their names. They were very professional, of course, and it wasn't that they were unfriendly or anything. They were just very busy, in and out, shot and gone. I still got to shoot Rose now and then, but not Ginger, and every once in a while, I'd be treated to a shoot with the love of my life. Throughout all of this wonderful but still frightening change, with me shaking in fear of screwing up a shoot with such incredible professionals, Darren was amazing, my rock, the one grounding force I could always rely on.

Speaking of Sarah, if I thought my life was hard these days, hers was brutal. She was working part time for Armia, part time for an accounting firm in their IT department, all while still going to school. We didn't get to spend as much time together as we liked, but the time we did manage to scrounge up was wonderful. In fact, we saw so very little of each other that we were each spending a lot of time separately with the rest of our friends, namely Phillip, Violet, Paula and Johnny, and lately, Tabitha. Trevor's sister was really getting along with our group of friends, especially Ginger, who was making more appearances at the apartment, with or without Rose.

Oh, and so far, there'd been no more creepy feelings of being watched, no more weird strangers stopping me on the sidewalk outside my apartment. It seemed the 'interest' I'd sparked in someone had died down, which wasn't a bad thing.

The winter break was coming up in a matter of days, and I couldn't have been more excited. It would be the first time that Sarah and I would get more than a few hours together. Sleeping didn't count. Sure, we still had sex, and we still stole what little moments we could, but we missed each other, a lot. Oh, and I'd get to see my mom, which was awesome.

It wasn't all bad, of course. Not to be crude - these were the kinds of thoughts that were popping into my head more frequently as of late - but between Sarah, Rose, Ginger and Violet, I had more than enough pussy at my disposal. Buckets and buckets of sex was what I had, and finally feeling one-hundred percent again - aside from the occasional twinge of discomfort from my ribs - I was having no trouble at all keeping up with those four girls.

And no, Holly and I still hadn't been together again, nor had I been with Paula - she was more than happy with Johnny. Violet, on the other hand, was determined to get Holly and I to do her at the same time. Remember that random thought I had recently, when I'd fucked Violet in the dining room in the early morning hours? Yeah, she all but admitted to being a little cum slut, and she had a particular fantasy that involved the two of us dickgirls fucking her senseless and making an absolute mess of her.

It kind of went without saying that I was totally game. Holly, on the other hand, wasn't quite as enthusiastic, but she would do just about whatever it took to make Violet happy. Besides, there was a quietly competitive side to Holly. I think she wanted to show me up somehow.

Trevor hadn't fared so well. He was cut off from his friends out here, and college was kicking his ass just as bad as everyone else's, so there'd been no time for him to come visit us, or us him. But in the last month, he'd finally taken to the time to make some new friends at Princeton. I talked to him at least once a week, and I swear that Violet talked to him even more often than I did. He'd missed us terribly, Sarah and I, and he still did, but making new friends was finally pulling him out of his funk. But that was another reason I was excited about going home for the holidays for two weeks; I'd finally get to see him.

It was kind of sad though. I missed Trevor. I really did. But not as much as I thought I would. I learned very quickly over the last few months that Sarah was my life, that she was the only person in the world that I couldn't do without. Aside from my mom, of course. I think I'd always need her.

Today, I was hanging out with Tabitha. She got the role in that television series I told you about, a minor character, sure, but recurring. She played an FBI clerk, and her character was being set up as a possible replacement for one of the show's major supporting cast members, just in case contract negotiations didn't go well. She'd come by to share the news, and I couldn't have been happier for her.

I didn't have any shoots for the day, so we spent our time in my apartment, giving each other manicures and pedicures, foot rubs, massages, basically taking an at-home-spa-day. Tabby was stretched out on the couch with her feet up on the armrest. I'd just come back to the living room with a bag of nail polish.

"Oh, I have an idea!" Tabitha jumped up from the couch and took the bag from my hands, setting it down on the coffee table. "Let's take a shower before we paint our nails."

I smiled around a confused frown and said slowly, "Okay."

"Besides, we can help each other shave."

Honestly, I needed a good shave. Sarah had gone out and gotten her hair blasted away with lasers, but I hadn't worked up the courage to do it yet.

"Oh, okay then," I shrugged, not even thinking twice about what it meant to take a shower with her.

Tabby had been spending enough time with us girls that I was pretty used to seeing her in robes or lingerie. We'd become good enough friends, and she hadn't flirted with me again anyway. Finally seeing her naked shouldn't be a very big deal, I figured. Oh boy, was I wrong.

When she took off her big fluffy robe and hung it up outside the shower, she stretched up a little to do so. Granted, I could only see her backside, but what a lovely view it was. She was taller than me by a couple of inches, and her nearly black hair fell far down her back in a loose braid. She had a really lean build, not so tightly muscled as Paula, but just petite, aside from her height. Her waist was so narrow that I was pretty sure I could almost wrap my hands around it. On anyone else, being so tall and lean would look awkward, but her personality and the way she moved made it work.

Tabitha turned around to take my hand, long loose braid flying out behind her, and her perfectly pert little boobs whirled into view. She wasn't stacked by a long shot, and only had cleavage when she had the aid of a bra designed just for that, but she had lovely little nipples, sitting atop puffy areola, the kind you usually only see on girls still going through puberty. Actually, she didn't much like her breasts, and she'd hated that she was such a late bloomer - she'd been practically flat-chested until the summer before she turned seventeen - but I loved her boobs. They were small, yes, but they fit her perfectly. Anything bigger and she would look top-heavy.

Suddenly, she shook her chest, and her breasts jiggled, as much as they could, being as firm as they were, at any rate. I still wondered what they would taste like. She said something, snapping me out of my thoughts, but I'd been too preoccupied by my imagination to catch it.

I shook my head and looked up to her big blue eyes. "I'm sorry. What?"

"I said, it's nice to know someone likes my tits," she grinned.

"Oh," I smiled, blushing.

Tabitha came up to me and untied my robe, pulling it off my shoulders. "I'd rather have yours though."

"Really?" I glanced down at my chest. I wasn't stacked either, and I didn't have the wonderful nipples she did, but I guess I had cleavage going for me.

"Totally," she nodded and casually palmed my boobs. Her hands were really soft and warm, and it was totally unexpected. I jumped a little at her touch, but she didn't acknowledge it. "They're so firm, not too big, not too small." She glanced up at me, and I swear she intentionally rubbed her thumbs lightly over my nipples. They were a little swollen already, and the sensation made my breath catch. Tabitha gave me a pretty smile and said, "They're perfect on you."

"So are yours," I smiled back.

"You think so?" she asked, releasing my breasts to grab my hands and place them over hers, and oh my gawd, they felt fantastic. "They're not too small?"

"Not at all," I told her, trying to swallow around the frog in my throat.

And it was true. Her hips were narrow, only a touch wider than her waist, but her breasts were in perfect symmetry with her hips. Her whole body was like that. Sure, her butt was small, and it all but disappeared when she sat down or bent way over, but it didn't detract from her beauty at all. My favorite part of Tabitha? Her pelvis. Her hips were sharply defined, her belly dipped in ever so slightly, and it all made her smooth mound just a little more prominent than on most women.

I thought she was gorgeous, and I told her as much.

"Aw, you're sweet," she flashed a sunny smile and leaned in to kiss the corner of my mouth. She took my hands and pulled me into the shower. "Come on. I'll wash your hair first."

I loved having my hair washed, finding it so relaxing to have someone else do the work. Unfortunately, Tabitha washing my hair was anything but relaxing. Her nipples kept rubbing against my back, and her pelvis against my butt. I felt that knot forming low in my belly, the pressure of my penis wanting to come out of me, but I held it back pretty easily.

My hair had finally grown down to my shoulders, by the way. It was currently in a simple pageboy cut, and though I wasn't particularly fond of it, Sarah loved it. She wanted me to grow it out again, and that was fine by me.

When Tabitha had finished applying conditioner to my hair, she surprised me before I could turn around to return the favor. Her soapy hands lathered up my back, the tips of her fingers gently massaging the stress out of my back, shoulders, and arms, and even my hands. She was really good too. My head fell forward to rest against the shower wall.

"Oh wow," I said softly.

Tabitha snorted behind me. Her hands left me, then returned with more soap, gliding down my back and to my butt. She cupped my rear end and thoroughly soaped me up, one of her hands slipping all the way down between my cheeks, not missing an inch of me. I felt her hand slip between my thighs, the side of her finger passing over my labia. My body reacted instinctively, legs spreading and my weight pushing my pussy down against her hand. Tabitha stayed there for a moment, turning her palm up to cup me, fingers gliding over the front of my mound to wash me thoroughly, while her other hand lathered up my hip and outer thigh. I felt two of her fingers lightly rub over my clit.

I must have sighed or moaned, or gave her some other sign of encouragement, because I felt the front of her settle against my back. Her hand continued to play between my legs, while the other slid around my side and over my stomach, settling low, just above my mound. The soap had long been rinsed away from her hand by the shower, but I was more than wet enough for her to keep toying with me.

Tremors were rocking through me harder and faster, and soon I couldn't catch my breath. The suddenness of my climax caught me completely off guard. I came on her hand, gyrating my hips, trying to get her fingers inside me, but her laugh snapped me out of my orgasm.

"You really got into that, didn't you?"

I nodded, blushing deep crimson, relieved that she couldn't see it.

"Wow," she chuckled. "I wasn't even trying."

I glanced at her over my shoulder, and the smug grin on her face made me grin back. Taking my shoulders, Tabitha turned me around and out of the spray, soaped up her hands again, and washed my front, starting at my neck and shoulders. When she got down to my legs, she knelt on the shower floor in front of me and picked up my foot. I put my hands on the wall behind me to brace myself and let her set my foot on her shoulder. Naturally, this opened me wide, and Tabitha took a good long look between my legs.

"I like your pussy," she grinned up at me.

It was a totally unexpected compliment, and I couldn't help but laugh nervously, or blush again. "Why is that?" I asked her.

She shrugged and slid her hand up my thigh, then further, the tips of her fingers delicately caressing my folds. "I dunno. It's just really pretty."

I laughed again, trying not to blush even further. She looked so submissive kneeling on the shower floor like she was, and I liked it, a lot.

"It's a lot different than mine," she said, dropping her gaze back down to between my legs. "It looks...I don't know, softer, I guess. Almost like..." she trailed off.

When she didn't continue, I asked, "Almost like what?"

Tabitha glanced up at me, blushed brightly, and smiled, "Like it would feel nice in my mouth."

I smiled back. In that moment, I saw Tabitha in an entirely new light. She was a creature of sex, beautiful and desirable, and I felt determination course through me.

After a while, Tabitha tore her gaze away and washed my leg, massaging it too. She was finishing up the other one when she said, "I've never done that, you know. Been with another girl."

I smiled again. "I remember."

Tabitha stood up and gave me a blushing grin. "Oh, right. I did tell you that, didn't I?"

"Yep," I nodded, taking her shoulders and switching places with her, passing her through the spray briefly, then turning her to face the wall. I filled my hands with soap and began lathering up her back. "You asked me what it was like to be with a girl."

With her back and arms lathered up, I pressed myself against her back, slid my arms around her tiny waist, and reached up to brazenly palm her pretty little boobs in my soapy hands.

"And if I remember right," I said quietly in her ear, gently catching her nipples between my thumbs and fingers, making her twitch with delight. "You asked me if I'd show you."

"I guess I did," she breathed.

Still pressed against her back, I lathered up the front of her body, as much of it as I could reach. I smoothed my soapy hands up and over her boobs and to the sides of her neck, tilting her head back so that I could whisper in her ear, "I can, you know." 

She didn't respond right away, and when she did, she sounded like she was far away from here, like she was waking from a dream. "You can what?"

"Show you what it's like," I said, sliding my hands between us to wash her ass, which she pushed out into my hands. My fingers trailed over the tiny rosebud of her rear end, and I gave her tight rim a thorough cleaning, making her gasp.

I lowered myself to my knees to wash her legs, spreading them apart, and that's when I saw the rest of her. Her labia were pretty thin, and her mound generally flat, really, but she was practically gaping open with arousal, showing a lot of pink. I'd never seen a pussy like hers in person. Violet's was pillowy, as I liked to call it, and Sarah's was soft and neat. Every girl was a little different, I'd found out, and while Tabitha's sex was unlike all of them, there was something about hers that was incredibly tempting.

She was open, vulnerable, so very accessible, with nothing in my way. When I washed her, I had to take great care not to get any soap on her sensitive folds. That can burn like hell, I'd discovered first-hand, when I was much younger.

"To be with a girl, you mean?" she asked.

"If you're still interested," I said casually, standing back up and moving her over to rinse the soap off her body, but really, it was just an excuse for me to fondle the hell out of her, which I most certainly did. Free and clear of soap, I reached around her and down between her legs. My fingers briefly slid over her open folds, and she was so incredibly hot and wet.

When I turned her around, Tabitha surprised me. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me hard and deep.

What I did next was a very guy thing for me to do, but these kinds of things were coming naturally to me much more frequently these days. I grabbed Tabitha's ass, picked her up and forced her legs around my waist. It was a real struggle to keep my cock from ripping right out of me, so much so that I almost lost the battle, but I managed. I didn't want it out anyway, which surprised me. This was a very girl-on-girl moment that I wanted to experience with Tabitha, a moment that didn't involve my gift from Freyja, at least not yet.

Secure in my arms, Tabitha held my face tilted up to hers and ate at my mouth, kissing me furiously, all tongue and teeth. We hadn't washed her hair, but I don't think either one of us cared. I carried her out of the shower and to my room, and she made the cutest and sexiest noises along the way, cooing and moaning into my mouth, fingernails digging into my scalp.

Soaking wet but not giving the slightest bit of a damn, I laid Tabitha down on my bed. I wasted no time, reaching down between us to glide two fingers smoothly into her moist sheath. She screamed with delight, but I swallowed it with my mouth over hers. Working my fingers inside her, I kissed my way over her chin and down her neck, loving the way she moaned so loudly, the way she writhed beneath me, the way she pumped her hips up onto my hand, the way her insides milked my fingers while I played with that spot inside her, the way her small boobs stood up proudly on her chest.

Unable to resist, I latched my mouth onto her breast and sucked furiously, pulling her nipple deep into my mouth, laving nearly half of her boob with my tongue. Tabitha arched her back and cried out wordlessly. She came on my fingers and I stilled them inside her, loving her other breast with my mouth while she came back down, and when she did, I kissed and nibbled down her body, closed my mouth over her swollen clit and moved my fingers again.

Tabitha lost her fucking mind. She grabbed my hair and pulled so hard I swore she was going to tear it out at the roots. She thrust her hips so high that I had to take my fingers out of her to catch her, cupping her butt in my hands. I shuffled forward on my knees and held her pelvis high, then I closed my mouth over her burning cunt.

She wailed, the sound of it so fucking sexy, so helpless, begging and pleading for me to make her come again. I'd only ever been with one other girl like this, and that was Sarah. She was the only girl I ever enjoyed going down on, the only girl whose body I instinctively knew how to manipulate. But it was happening again, with Tabitha. Sweet, pretty little Tabby, who had been forbidden to me, but no longer.

I shoved my tongue inside her and tickled the tight bud of her ass with my finger, still slippery from her arousal, then I licked a long hot line up her folds. All at once, I sucked lightly on her clit and plunged my slick finger all the way into her ass. 

Tabitha screamed and practically exploded all over the lower half of my face, coming so hard that her juice trickled down my chin and neck. I fucked her with my mouth until she couldn't breathe, until tears ran down her cheeks and she was shivering from head to toe. Eventually, she pulled on my hair, pulling me away from her delicious little cunt.

I set her butt down on the bed and she curled her body up to grab my face and pull me into a kiss. The taste of her was divine, and she licked my chin and mouth clean of her orgasm. With surprising strength, she rolled us over and settled between my legs. Tabitha licked and nibbled down my chest, biting my nipples. She was rough, much more than I expected, but it felt good, especially when she plunged a finger inside me, then a second, and finally a third.
