 Just a brief intro this time. Once again, a huge thank you to Blind_Justice for his critique. Also, please remember to vote, and as always, I adore the feedback, so keep it coming!

-redskyes

Chapter 72

I was packing up my camera, having just finished a fashion shoot with Sophia, a knockout of a model from Germany. She was a little taller than me, lean and fit with long legs, and had the prettiest blue-green eyes I'd ever seen. Think Diane Kruger, but with light brown hair, and you'll get a pretty good idea of what she looked like. This had been only my second shoot with her, but she was a real joy to work with, a true natural in front of the camera. I watched her flirting with Darren, bright eyes and easy smile, brushing her fingertips down his forearm when he made her laugh. She hadn't yet figured out he was gay, but when she did, I knew I'd sympathize with her. Darren was definitely a hottie.

"You about ready?" he asked, coming over to join me after Sophia left.

"Yeah," I nodded, slinging my camera bag over my shoulder, then remembered something. "Oh, I almost forgot to give you this."

I took a photo from my back pocket and handed it over. It was the better of the pictures I'd taken of Phillip with my phone. Darren looked it over and nodded appreciatively.

"Good looking guy," he said, handing it back to me, then he grinned. "But I'm taken."

"I wasn't offering you a butt-buddy, Darren."

He laughed.

"Actually, I was wondering what you thought of his potential."

He raised an eyebrow. "Do I think he could model?"

I nodded.

Darren held his hand out so I gave him the picture again. He gave it a longer look, and without looking up, asked, "You take this with a phone or something?"

"Best I could do at the time. Spur of the moment kind of thing."

He nodded. "Well, it's kind of hard to tell for certain from this, but...yeah, I think he might have potential." He looked up then. "Can you get a better picture, something I can show Clarisse?"

"Absolutely."

"Good," he handed the picture back. "That's a good angle for him, so use that as a reference for the next one."

"Thanks, Darren," I pushed up onto my toes and kissed his cheek.

We walked back to our cars together, and he took me to mine.

Darren touched my elbow. "Listen, some of us are going out for drinks. Care to join us?"

I chewed my lip. "Uhm, I would, but there are two problems with that plan."

"Oh?"

I held up my finger. "First, I'm not twenty one."

Darren chuckled. "I keep forgetting that."

I held up a second finger, "And second, I have a shit-ton of homework to do."

"Surprised you don't have a fake ID," he told me with a smirk. "I know a guy, if you're interested."

"That's okay," I smiled, waving a hand. "I can wait a little while longer."

Darren started to say something else, but my phone rang.

"Sorry, one sec," I told him and answered my phone. "Hello?"

"Amy," was the curt response.

I recognized the voice instantly, and my breath caught.

"Detective Willis?"

"Todd Redding made bail," he told me gently. "Judge imposed a restraining order, so he's not allowed within a hundred yards of you or Paula, but still, I thought you should know."

When I was able to breathe again, I nodded, even though he couldn't see it. "Thanks."

"You okay?" he asked when I didn't say anything else for a while.

"Yeah, I just...who posted his bail?" I asked, and Darren gave me a sharp look.

Detective Willis grunted. "Who do you think? The one and only aspiring Senator Redding."

Todd's dad was running for senator? When did that happen? The question I asked next was only because of all the TV shows and movies I'd seen.

"Is he gonna get off?"

"Todd?"

"Yeah."

"Because his father might or might not become Senator? Hell no."

I breathed a sigh of relief.

Detective Willis continued. "He's in the middle of a campaign, so he's going to keep this as quiet as he can. That means a plea bargain with the DA's office. Todd will see jail time, I can guarantee you that, but just so you know, it probably won't be much."

I snorted. "If it doesn't take more than twenty-four hours for him to get ass raped by a bigger inmate, that's enough time for me."

Detective Willis laughed out loud.

"Has the trial date been set?" I asked.

"Third of February," he told me, and he didn't sound happy. "Courts are backed up with sexual assault cases. Assholes are hitting bars and clubs all over the city, doping up women left and right. I've worked five of those cases since I took on yours."

Darren whispered, "Everything okay?"

I gave him a nod.

Detective Willis said, "Amy, if you so much as see him, you call me right away, day or night, no matter what time it is."

"I will."

"Listen, if you want, I can put a uniform or two on you for the next few days."

I shook my head, "No. That's okay. I don't think he'll be coming around."

"Not with Trevor around, I suppose."

I swallowed a lump that formed in my throat. "He went back to Princeton."

"Shit," Willis muttered. "Okay, you sure you don't want the uniforms?"

I thought about it for a moment, suddenly missing Trevor terribly. "I don't know. No, I don't think so."

He sighed. "Fine, but keep my number close. Got it?"

I couldn't help but smile at the parental tone he took with me. "Yes, sir."

Willis chuckled. "Alright then. Take care of yourself, and if you need anything..."

"I know. Got you on speed dial."

When I hung up, Darren gave me an earnest look and took my hand in his. "Want me to stay with you two for a while?"

I pushed up onto my toes and kissed his cheek again. "That's sweet, but no. We'll be fine."

"You sure?" he asked while I unlocked my car and climbed in.

"Yeah. I think I'll invite Holly and Violet over for a couple nights, just in case."

I started the car, then turned down the radio when Darren leaned in. "You girls doing anything fun?"

"Not really," I shrugged, looking over at him. "We're going to bang out our homework before the winter break, hang out, nothing special."

He nodded. "Okay. Well, call if you need anything." He thought of something and grinned teasingly. "I'd suggest having your friend Phillip stay with you, but he's kind of a pretty boy."

I chuckled. "If I wanted someone big and burly for protection, I'd borrow your boyfriend."

Darren laughed. "Take care, Amy."

When I got home, I made cold chicken salad for dinner and put it in the fridge, then took a bath and shaved. Sarah was still nagging me to try the laser hair removal thing, but I kept chickening out. After the bath, I put on a comfy pair of cotton shorts and a tank top that had the bottom half cut off. As I made my way over to my desk, I realized it was the same tank top I'd worn back home, the morning after I revealed my gift to Violet and Paula. I smiled fondly at the memory, of Violet sucking me off in the kitchen while I was on the phone with my mom. It made my cock twitch in the leg of my shorts, which only served to build up the anticipation of Sarah's eventual arrival.

I was constantly amazed by how much my life had changed. I had a good job, was holding down a decent grade point average, and I was madly in love. Of course, not everything was perfect. I'd had that feeling of being watched again, the day before, and it had been worse, far more intense. I hadn't told Sarah. She'd gotten home after I'd gone to bed, and it just hadn't come up in conversation. Besides, I didn't want her to worry, and I was trying not to think about it anyway.

I threw myself into my assignments, figuring that would distract me until Sarah got home, and later, Holly and Violet. I was just finishing up my paper when the elevator ground its way up from below. Sarah stepped into the apartment and slid the doors shut.

"Hey, baby," she smiled warmly.

For a moment, I couldn't say anything. I just sat in my chair and stared at her. She was still dressed for the office, wearing black pumps, gray skirt, and a sleeveless, burgundy blouse. Her long dark hair was pulled up into a messy bun, showing off her lovely neck and bare shoulders. Jeezus, she was beautiful. Before I knew it, I'd stood up and walked over to her.

"What?" she smirked at me over her shoulder, dropping her book bag by the couch, where she always worked on her assignments, preferring it over the desk.

I shook my head and murmured, "I just can't get over how beautiful you are."

She had the humility to blush - one of the many reasons I loved her - then she gave me a sultry smile and turned around to hug me, lacing her fingers together at the back of my neck. "You think I'm pretty?" she asked, giving me a sweet kiss.

"No," I breathed against her soft lips, kissing her back. She was wearing lip gloss that was flavored like cotton candy, which made me want to kiss her even more. "Beautiful."

Sarah snuck her tongue into my mouth, but only briefly, drawing it back so that she could give my lower lip a teasing suck. "You're so sweet."

Her lips were so soft, and I loved the feel of her tongue against mine. My length throbbed inside my shorts, sliding up and over my hip as it hardened. I kissed her hungrily, hard and deep, getting so hard that the tip of me began to peek out from the waistband of my shorts. Sarah moaned into my mouth and unlaced her fingers to slide her palms down my chest. My nipples tightened and she gave them a teasing pinch.

Gawd, I wanted her.

Pulling her skirt up a fistful at a time, I found her panties and pushed them down her legs, kneeling so that I could get them off and throw them aside. She gazed down at me wantonly, mouth open and lips swollen from my kisses. I stood up and kissed her again, my hands under her skirt, squeezing her tight ass. I felt her push my shorts down, and if I thought I was the one that was horny, I was dead wrong.

The moment my feet were out of my shorts, Sarah shoved me, hard. I fell back onto the couch. Before I could gather my senses, she straddled me, took my hard cock in her hand, and fit me between her legs. I felt her hot opening kiss my tip only an instant before she sat down, her hot sheath surrounding me, down to the very hilt.

I threw my head back and moaned. Sarah grabbed the back of my head and made me look at her, brown eyes dark, almost black. I grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her down while thrusting up, grinding my cock inside her, making her mouth fall open.

I held her tight against me and moved only my hips, buried deep inside her, addicted to the slick warmth of her surrounding me. I reached for the buttons on her skirt to take off her clothes, wanting to see her, all of her. But Sarah had other plans.

Grabbing my wrists, she jerked them up above my head and pinned them against the back of the couch.

"Fuck the clothes," she growled, staring into my eyes with such intensity that it took my breath away.

I nodded dumbly, then she began to move her lower body, fucking me slow, and only about half of me. I knew what she was doing, rubbing the end of me over that spot inside her, and while I preferred to fuck her with every inch of me, I loved to see her come. I moved my hips as much as I could, in time with her, watching her lovely face transform from raw heat to desperation. She almost looked sad, eyes shimmering, mouth open and breathing hard and fast.

I wasn't anywhere near coming, despite how good she felt, but I could feel her wet walls fluttering around me. She was close. Really close.

"Amy," she gasped, then she looked at my mouth and kissed me, all tongue and teeth.

Grabbing her ass in my hands, I helped her fuck me, lifting her until I'd almost fall out of her, only to pull her back down, hard, every last achingly hard inch of me knifing up into her body. She moaned into my mouth with every stab of my cock inside her, louder and faster, until she was squealing and slammed her body right down to my root. Her insides clamped down on me so hard that I couldn't even move, and she screamed into my mouth.

When she stopped screaming, she pressed her forehead against mine and steadied her breathing.

"Fucking hell," she whispered.

I laughed breathlessly. I hadn't come yet, and I was still hard. I flexed my abdomen, making my cock twitch inside her. She murmured something that I didn't quite catch.

"What was that?" I asked.

"I said I missed you today," she replied, barely a whisper.

I smiled and kissed the tip of her nose. "Missed you too."

I throbbed inside her and she gasped, then looked at me. "You didn't come yet?"

I shook my head. "I was kinda busy watching you."

She smiled at me, happy and content, warming my heart. Then she sat up and grabbed the hem of her blouse, pulling it over her head and tossing it away. She reached behind her to unlatch her bra, so I worked on the buttons of her skirt. Both garments hit the floor at the same time, leaving her naked and stuffed full of my dick.

I couldn't help myself. She was so fucking beautiful, breasts full and nipples tight, abdomen rippling as she began to move her hips back and forth, stirring my cock inside her. I smoothed my hands down her chest, over to her sides, down to her hips. I touched her everywhere I could reach, exploring her body as though it was new to me, marveling at how that could be possible, considering how long we'd been together now.

When my hands found her breasts again, Sarah leaned forward and grabbed the back of the couch, then she began to raise and lower her body, slowly up, then plunging down fast, over and over.

"Jeezus, Sarah," I hissed, feeling her tight sheath squeezing me, sliding up and down my twitching length.

She pushed her breasts into my hands and rode me harder, faster.

"Gonna come," I warned her, feeling something inside me give, the tip of me swell.

"Good."

"No," I shook my head, eyes squeezed tightly shut, trying to stave off my climax. "Not yet."

She replied simply, "Yes."

Sarah threw her hips down, engulfing every hard inch of my cock in her wet heat, and I came. Hot cum burst out of the end of me. I sat up and wrapped my arms around her, holding her tight while filling her with cum. She moved her hips, coaxing every last drop of goo out of me and into her body. As my climax faded, I felt tears sliding down my cheeks. I'd come that hard.

I felt her hands on my head and back, petting me gently, sweetly.

"I love you," she breathed.

"Gawd, I love you too," I almost sobbed.

Sarah chuckled and kissed my temple. "Good stuff, huh?"

I nodded, laughing.

"Oh, do I smell dinner?"

I balked at her teasingly. "Oh, I see. Had your sex and now it's all about food."

Grinning broadly, Sarah gave me a slow but passionate kiss. We sat there on the couch for a good long while, snuggling and kissing occasionally, long enough that I softened and fell out of her. Eventually, she crawled off me and took my hand. We took a shower, kissing and playing a little more. Things were just starting to heat up again when the elevator doors slid up with a loud groan. Holly and Violet had arrived.

"You finish up," I told Sarah, patting her hip and grabbing a towel to dry off. "I'll set the table."

"Wait."

Sarah grabbed my hand, pulled me to her and kissed me soundly. When she drew back, she gave me a wink and ducked under the spray to wash her hair. With the distance between us, I was afforded a wonderful view of her glorious body, and parts of me started to reawaken. Shaking my head, baffled by the effect Sarah still had on me, I wrapped myself in the towel and met up with the girls in the living room.

Holly smiled warmly, but Violet, standing beside her and a little behind, gave me a leering look of appraisal, seeing as how I wasn't wearing anything but a towel, and there was a noticeable bulge under it too.

"Sarah's just finishing up her shower," I told them, heading off to get dressed. "Be right back."

"We'll start setting the table?" Holly suggested to Violet.

Violet nodded, but said, "I'll catch up."

Holly glanced at me with a slight grin, then left. Violet followed me and I gave her a curious look, wondering what they were up to. She sidled up beside me while I dug in my dresser for a change of clothes.

"What are you two scheming?" I asked.

"Scheming?" she gasped in mock offense, laying her hand on her chest. "Why Amy, but I never ever scheme!"

"Yeah, right," I snorted, swatting at her with a pair of panties.

Violet snatched them out of my hand and took a look at them. They were one of my favorite pair, dark purple lace, pretty see-through, with black trim and tiny black bow. Actually, they were Sarah's favorite. She loved it when I wore them.

"Oh, I like these," Violet cooed, turning them over in her hands. Then she pushed my panties under her nose and took a big whiff.

"Violet!" I gasped, snatching them back.

"They smell good, like you," she teased.

"Ew," I wrinkled my nose. "That's gross, considering that I washed them."

"Skin, dumbass," she snorted, sliding between me and the dresser. "They smell like your skin, not your cooch."

I made a face. "That's still kinda gross."

Violet grinned and shook her head, raising her arms to lace her fingers behind my neck. "Not when you smell so good, it isn't."

Then she leaned forward and kissed me. I'm sure I've said it before, but Violet has some of the softest lips I'd ever kissed. Sarah's long tongue drove me crazy, and to date, Paula was hands-down the best kisser I'd ever known, but Violet's lips were incredibly lush, so soft and pillowy, like other parts of her.

She kissed me tenderly and sweetly, the very tip of her tongue teasing my lips apart. One of her hands left the back of my neck to slide over my shoulder, her thumb tracing the lines of my throat, and she deepened the kiss, taking a sharp breath through her nose and plunging her tongue into my mouth. I squealed into her mouth, surprised by the intensity, then I felt her hand pulling at my towel and it fell away.

"What are you doing?" I hissed against her lips, grabbing the towel before it could hit the floor.

"Seducing you, dummy," she grinned, smacking her lips against mine. "I like seducing you."

Her hand slipped under my towel, which was only covering the front of me at that point, and she cupped my breast, catching a nipple between her fingers. My nipple tightened instantly, and I gasped.

"But Holly..." I started to protest.

"Knows exactly what I'm doing."

Her hand massaged my breast, fingers pinching deliciously on my engorged nipple - both were, incidentally - and her kisses were relentless, soft and sweet, torturously gentle. My cock was hard as a rock.

"And what are you doing?" I breathed.

Her other hand slid down my back, while the first left my breast, grabbing the towel and firmly pulling it away from me, freeing the raging hardon beneath it. I heard the towel hit the floor near my feet. I could also hear Holly and Sarah talking, the latter of which was still in the shower.

"There's something I want tonight," she told me.

Suddenly both of her hands were on me, one wrapping around my stiff dick, the other sliding underneath, fingers finding my wet slit. Violet pushed two fingers inside me and I groaned, my head lolling forward to rest against hers.

"What do you want?" I asked, then whimpered when she stroked that spot inside me.

"I want you to fuck me," she whispered, kissing me again.

"What about Holly?"

Her fingers stroked inside me over and over, making me spasm around her digits, and her other hand rubbed over the end of me, smearing precum into her palm so that she could use the slickness to stroke me.

"I want her to fuck me too."

It barely registered, what she said, she was making me feel that good, my thighs quaking, pussy so wet and cock so fucking hard. But when it did register, a kind of shocked wonder was right on its heels, and I looked at her.
