 Another short segment for your reading pleasure (at least I hope you still find it pleasurable), though this segment is comprised of three longer chapters. I break my chapters where they make sense, not adhering to a fixed number of pages. These three chapters just didn't want to end as quickly as others have.

If you're shy about posting a comment on the site, feel free to send me feedback via email, anonymous or otherwise. And remember to vote!

-redskyes

Chapter 48

Mom insisted on staying a few more days. She wanted to go with me for my checkup appointment with Doctor Jones.

Hehe. I keep hearing Short Round's voice when I think of or say his name. Anyway, I was saying...

I was actually kind of looking forward to the day. Sure, I was tired and hurt like hell, but was hoping for some good news from the doctor, that I was on the mend. I was also excited about this afternoon. Violet and Holly were coming over. I hadn't seen them since I'd been hurt, and I missed them. Paula wasn't going to be around today, since she was finally getting some time with Johnny. I hoped he could find the courage to put aside his anger and be supportive of her.

Most of the morning was consumed by x-rays of my ankle, knee, wrist, and ribs, then finally an MRI. I hated the MRI. The machine was so damned loud, and being packed into a tight little tube wasn't pleasant. I made a mental note to ask Doctor Jones if he'd ever heard of open MRIs.

The worst part about the MRI? It wasn't until I was stuck in that damned tube that I realized the machine was looking inside me. Jeezus, what would they find? Would they discover my secret, my gift from Freyja? They weren't looking at that part of me - at least, I don't think they were - but what if? Gawd, what would I say? How could I explain it?

The rest of the morning was spent waiting for the results in Doctor Jones's office, and me freaking out. Mom asked me if anything was wrong, but I lied, told her I was just hoping for good news.

After what felt like a damned eternity, Doctor Jones came in with a thick file. Of course, the first thing he noticed was my shaved head. He flicked his gaze to my scalp, back to my eyes, and smiled warmly, giving me a slight nod, like he was proud of me.

"Still no iPad, huh?" I teased him, trying not to think about what was in that file, like a hastily scribbled note that read 'patient has a remarkable mega-cock inside her torso!'.

Doctor Jones smiled and shook his head, "Still no iPad." He began pulling x-rays out of the file and hanging them on a backlit board. He spoke over his shoulder, "Actually, after you mentioned it, I checked out to see if other hospitals were using them, or something like them. It's catching on." With the x-rays hung, he set my file down on his desk. "I took a look at one in the store. Saw the Director the next day and recommended we try one out."

He made his way behind his desk and turned on a large flat screen monitor hanging on the wall, like what Jean Pierre had in his office, only this one wasn't as big. Doctor Jones punched some keys on a keyboard and an animation the MRI of my head came up. Naturally, I couldn't make any sense of it. It was just a blob of colors to me.

Mom took my hand in hers.

"Okay," he said, making his way back to the x-rays. "Your ankle his healing nicely, the pins are holding, and..."

"Wait a minute," I waved my free hand in the air, and I may have squealed a little. "Pins?"

He smiled with amusement and pointed at the x-ray of my ankle. "Right here. You were pretty out of it that last time we spoke, but yes, these are the pins. Standard procedure for this kind of break." He turned his attention back to the x-ray and shrugged a shoulder. "I'd say you have six to eight weeks and your ankle will be good as new."

I turned to Mom, raised an eyebrow and mouthed, "Six to eight?"

She gave me a little smile and squeezed my hand. I returned my attention to Doctor Jones when he continued.

"I still don't see any permanent damage to your knee, but the inflammation isn't going down as quickly as I'd hoped. I'll write you a new prescription for that." He pointed to an x-ray of my ribs, then looked at me. "This is the tough one. The breaks in your ribs were clean, but there's not much we can do to help them along. Just try not to move around too much. Broken ribs have to heal on their own, and it takes time."

"How much time?" I asked nervously. My ribs weren't the part of me that hurt the most, but it was almost constant, even just from breathing.

"Honestly?" He shrugged again. "For most, as little as four months, but the discomfort can last a year or two, if not longer."

"A year?" I kind of wailed, eyes going wide.

Mom slipped her arm around my waist.

Doctor Jones held out a hand to forestall me freaking out any further. "Like I said though, the breaks are pretty clean. I think you'll be in the clear in six months or so, and past the worst of it in two."

I shook my head. This really sucked. I couldn't imagine getting back to my life hurting like this.

"We could put your upper body in a full cast, if you like," he grinned at me.

I frowned, knowing he was trying to lighten my mood. "No thanks."

"What about her cheek?" Mom asked. "And her jaw?"

That's when I realized there wasn't an x-ray of them on the board.

"Just hairline fractures," he told her. "So long as the inflammation goes down, and it has, we don't have much to worry about."

That was a relief. My cheek and jaw were tender, but they didn't bother me like the rest of me did.

Doctor Jones explained the MRI. I was pretty free and clear of the concussion, and there was no permanent damage. He gave me a list of things to watch out for, like nausea, dizziness, difficulty with memory recall. He also gave Mom a pamphlet of mental exercises for someone to run me through once a week for the next few weeks.

When he was done, he sat behind his desk. I couldn't help but ask, "Doctor Jones? Did you find anything...odd?"

"Odd?" he furrowed his brow, and Mom frowned at me. "Like what, Amy?"

"I dunno," I shrugged, chewed my lower lip for a moment, which wasn't nearly as swollen now, by the way. "Odd."

He gave me an odd look to match my question, but grinned. "No. We didn't find anything 'odd'."

My shoulders fell with relief. I guess they really hadn't been looking that low on me.

Doctor Jones studied me for a moment. "Is there something I should be looking for?"

"No, not at all," I told him, feeling so much better, now that I wouldn't have to explain to my mom and doctor why I had a huge dick up inside me.

Doctor Jones briefly went over the physical therapy I'd have to do. A nurse would be sent to my apartment for the first few weeks, but once my ankle was better, I'd have to go to a clinic for the rest of it. All in all, he said I was doing well. Then came the questions.

He asked me how I was feeling, emotionally, did I need anything, need to talk to anyone. He could recommend a great therapist, someone he trusted.

"No, I'm okay," I assured him, glancing at Mom. "I have a lot of wonderful people helping me through this." She smiled at me and kissed my forehead. I raised an eyebrow at Doctor Jones. "Lots of shoulders for me to cry on."

He chuckled and gave me a nod.

By the time we were heading out, I was getting pretty damned tired. Doctor Jones told Mom to pick me up a milk shake on the way home. It was a huge chocolate shake. The cup was empty by the time we got back to the apartment, and I was feeling better too. Mom saw me upstairs, and the moment the elevator doors slid open, a busty young woman squealed and threw herself at me, but careful not to knock me over.

"Hi Violet," I chuckled into her hair, hugging her tight.

"Hi," she said softly.

Over her shoulder, I saw Holly standing a few feet away, grinning with amusement, and further into the apartment, the shower was running. I'd almost forgotten how tiny Holly was, and so damned cute. She was wearing a super-cutoff tee shirt - I was pretty sure she'd flash the bottoms of her small boobs if she shrugged - and tight little shorts, sandals on her feet. She waved at me and I waved back.

Mom guided us out of the elevator and told me, "I'm going to pick up your new prescriptions and go for groceries."

I nodded, still trapped in Violet's arms. "We'll be fine."

The moment the elevator doors closed again, Violet took my face in her hands and kissed me, hard.

"Mmm!" I squealed against her lips when her tongue plunged into my mouth. She kissed me long, deep, until my knees went weak from it. Good gawd, could she ever kiss.

"I think she missed you," Holly chuckled, closer now.

"Mm-hmm," Violet moaned, her soft lips and warm tongue working against mine.

I put my hands on her shoulders, tried to push her back so that I could get some air, but she'd have none of that. Violet cupped my ass in both of her hands and pulled me tight against her. Don't get me wrong, I loved kissing Violet, but if I let her keep this up, I was pretty sure it would lead to sex, and I wasn't sure how Holly would feel about that.

I guess Violet sensed that I thought we should stop, but the kiss grew slower, gentler, until she nibbled on my lower lip and put my chin over her shoulder, hugging me close.

"Dammit, Amy," she said softly. "Don't scare me like that again."

I patted her back and chuckled. "Trust me. It's not a habit I plan to form."

"Good."

Violet held me for a moment longer, then let me go and stepped aside to make room for Holly. She gave me a quick but warm hug and stepped back, holding my hands.

"You look great, Amy," she smiled, glancing at my hair.

"Yeah, right," I smiled back.

Sarah came out of the shower, a towel wrapped around her, her long dark hair down her back.

"Hey, baby," she smiled and kissed me, and though it wasn't a hot fuck-me-now kiss like Violet had laid on me, somehow, it was better. I'm guessing being in love with her had something to do with it. "Are you hungry?"

I shrugged a shoulder. "A little."

Sarah gave my hip a pat. "Let me get dressed and I'll make you something to eat, okay?"

When I nodded, Sarah left to throw on a pair of shorts and a tee shirt. It was a shame, really. She could walk around stark naked for the rest of our lives and I'd never tire of it.

"Come on, Violet," Sarah took her hand and pulled her away. "Give me a hand with lunch."

That left me with Holly, who grinned and took my hand too, leading me to my bed. We sat down on the end of it and Holly turned to face me, putting her leg under her.

"So, have you been practicing?" she asked.

She was talking about learning how to control the size and shape of my penis, something she'd gotten a pretty good handle on. Her penis, I mean. Not mine.

"Not since I got put in the hospital," I pointed out the obvious. "But before that, a little. I can't change it much while it's outside. Honestly though, I don't really see the point of doing it."

Holly cocked her head a touch. "What do you mean?"

I shrugged. "Well, these days, it's just me and Sarah, and I'm always the perfect size for her, you know?"

She gave me a sly grin and shuffled a little closer. "Something I like to do with Violet?"

I nodded for her to continue, keenly interested. I mean, come on, I loved fucking Violet, so while her advice in this particular matter might not help me, I still wanted to hear about it.

"I make myself a little bigger right before she comes," she whispered conspiratorially. "Drives her fucking crazy."

"Don't you get bigger right before you come anyway?" I asked. I certainly did.

Holly waved a hand. "Yeah, but I mean bigger than that. It doesn't take much, but she loves it."

I grinned. "Okay. Show me."

She gestured at my lap. "Whip it out then, girlie."

Gawd, it felt good to be able to talk about this with her again. This was the first time we'd done this in person. Before, it had always been over the phone, or we were just talking, but strangely, I wasn't embarrassed at all.

Lying back on the bed, I shuffled out of my shorts and underwear, and took off my tee shirt, just in case it might get in the way. That left me in socks and a bra. With a tiny exertion of my will, I felt my penis stir inside me, then begin to push out of me. I thought of Sarah, willed it to be sized for her. I shivered as the swollen head parted my pussy and the shaft slid out of me. When it was over, I sat back up.

Holly glanced at my flaccid dong. "Okay. First, let's make it hard."

I wrapped my hand around it, but Holly stopped me with her hand over mine. "Not like that."

"Then what...?" I started to ask, but Holly leaned over me, grabbed my cock with both hands, and took me right into her mouth. "Jeezus!" I hissed, feeling her warm wet mouth wrap around me, her tongue licking at the underside of my cock.

Holly smoothed her hands up my thighs and took me deeper. I felt the end of me touch her throat, then push inside. I couldn't help but stare at her lovely neck as she swallowed around my length. She kept me deep in her throat for a few seconds, then drew me out when I was too hard to continue.

"Almost there," she sighed, stroking my spit-slickened shaft with her hand and slurping on the tip of me, my shaft swollen and thick.

"Gawd, Holly," I groaned, leaning back on my elbows. "You're really good at that."

She took her mouth off me long enough to grin and said, "I've had a lot of practice."

I quirked an eyebrow. "With yourself, I suppose?"

"Haven't you?" her grin widened.

I grinned back, watched as she closed her eyes and resumed licking, kissing and slurping on my now throbbing cock. It stood up from my pelvis proudly, hard and ready, the perfect length and width for Sarah.

"That's good," Holly whispered, sucking me briefly before saying, "Now think of Violet."

I nodded, closed my eyes, and pictured her. My most fond memory of her was the night before my interview at Dangerous Angels, when she came to me fresh from the shower, naked as a jay bird, and fucked the hell out of me.

I felt my cock swell, like I was going to cum, only I wasn't anywhere near a climax yet. Holly's mouth felt different somehow.

"Did someone call me?" I heard Violet say from around the corner, then, "Oh. Oh my."

I opened my eyes, saw her standing there with a hand over her chest, mouth open, tongue flicking out to lick her lips. She saw me watching her and slowly smiled.

"Damn. Glad I didn't miss this," she grinned, coming over to sit down beside Holly, facing me. "You don't mind if I watch, do you?"

I shook my head, smiled back, but then I glanced at Holly. My shaft was definitely thicker, sized for Violet, and I was a little longer too. It worked!

Holly wasn't done though. I think she was lost in the act. She just kept sucking and slurping on me, stroking my length with both hands, up and down in time with her warm wet mouth.

"She's good?" Violet grinned.

"Oh yeah," I chuckled breathlessly.

Violet called over her shoulder for Sarah to come to see. I don't know why, but I felt horribly embarrassed all of the sudden. If it hadn't been for Holly's fantastic cock-sucking skills, I'd probably have gone soft. But when Sarah came in and sat down beside my hip and smiled, I just blinked up at her.

"I've been looking forward to seeing this," she told me. My confusion prompted her to wave a hand and explain. "Violet told me that you and Holly had been talking about...you know...what you can do."

After a couple more minutes of Holly giving me one of the most amazing blow jobs of my entire life - well, my life with a dick, at any rate - she took me out of her mouth and slowly stroked me with both hands, exploring me. She stared at my hard length for a moment, then looked up at me and raised an eyebrow.

"You taste amazing," she said softly.

Sarah smiled at me again. "Definitely."

"So do you, babe," Violet smoothed her hand down Holly's back.

Holly blushed at the compliment, then sat back up and looked at me. "Have you been with anyone else?"

"Kind of," I shrugged.

Sarah raised an eyebrow at me and laid down beside me. "Oh, do tell!"

I blushed and told her, "Well, the other night, Paula kind of jerked me off."

"No fucking way!" Sarah squealed, pushing my arm playfully. "Are you serious?"

I bit my lower lip and nodded.

"Good for her," Violet patted my thigh, making me look at her. "She's been wanting to play with you for a while now. About time she did something about it."

"Think about Paula then, Amy," Holly told me.

I nodded, glanced at my throbbing member, still hard and ready. I closed my eyes, calling to mind how warm Paula's naked body had felt next to mine, how soft her hand had been, so gentle, tender. I remembered the feel of her lips on mine, her tongue in my mouth, how amazing she kissed.

My dick throbbed and I assumed I must have done something wrong, because it felt just like when it had gotten bigger, when I'd thought of Violet. But when I opened my eyes, there was a definite change. I was much longer than when with either Sarah or Violet, but nowhere near as wide.

Sarah settled back down on her side next to me, snuggling close. "That is so cool," she grinned at my cock, still glistening with Holly's saliva.

"Does that look about right?" Holly asked.

I shrugged a shoulder. "Honestly, I'm not sure. I didn't really get a good look at it when I was with her. I was definitely longer with her, I know that."

"How could you tell?" Sarah asked me.

I grinned at her. "Because my groin was farther down the bed than hers, but my dick was rubbing against her stomach."

Violet shrugged. "Well, Paula's only an inch or two taller than me."

I glanced at her, about to ask what she meant, but she quickly straddled me. Holly moved out of the way. My cock was laying against my stomach, the head well past my belly button. Violet took hold of my hard shaft and pulled my penis up from my body, until it was flat against her shirt clad torso. She was a little taller than me, which made Paula a lot taller than I was, but from the looks of things, I was much too long for Violet.

She grinned at me and raised an eyebrow. "Honey, I'm pretty sure this thing would knock on the back door of my womb."

All of us chuckled at that.

Holly gave me a quick glance, the corner of her mouth turning up just a bit, then she asked the girls, "Could you guys give us a moment? I wanna show her a trick."

Violet grinned back as she got off of me, and I wondered if she knew what the trick was. She and Holly had probably talked about it already.

Sarah nodded, "Sure." Before she got up though, she rolled over and gave me a sweet kiss. "We'll be waiting."

"Yep," Violet said, leaning down to kiss me too. She straightened up and winked at me. "Have fun."

When they were gone, Holly wrapped a tiny hand around my shaft and began to stroke me from root to tip. The feel of her warm hand closed my eyes, made me sigh with bliss, and I felt myself throb in her hand.

"Okay, scooch up a bit," she said, patting my hip. I shuffled up the bed and Holly knelt between my legs. She wrapped both hands around me, stroking me again. "So? How do you wanna do this?"

It took me a moment to answer. Part of me just wanted her to keep jacking me off. "What do you mean?" I finally asked.

She smiled. "We can do it like this," she said, giving me a slow but firm stroke up my shaft. "Or I can use my mouth," she licked her lips, then she took one hand away from me to crawl up over me so that her face hovered just above mine. "Or you can fuck me."

Being back in her mouth sounded great, but more than that, I was definitely up for having sex with her. She was so tiny and cute, so petite. Part of me wondered if I'd break her though. She was that small.
