 Welcome back, everyone! Thank you, Blind_Justice, for continuing to help me clean up my story. To everyone else, keep voting, and keep up the feedback!

-redskyes

*

Sarah and I slept in late. I woke up first, hearing someone in the kitchen, making breakfast. Sarah was sound asleep beside me, lying on her side with me spooning her from behind. We'd cleaned up the mess we'd made and taken a shower before going to bed, so she still smelled like shampoo and soap. I snuggled closer and buried my nose in her hair, breathing in her scent while smoothing my hand down her upper thigh. Sarah moaned softly in her sleep, and it was such a sweet, pretty sound.

If there was one thing that I adored most in life, it was waking up beside the woman I loved. Every day, I cherished Sarah even more. Every day, she became that much more a part of me. And every day, I knew with more and more certainty that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her.

And with that thought, lying there in bed with her, I really wished that I gotten her a different present for Christmas, something even greater than what she'd given me - which was currently sandwiched between us - the kind of gift that would last the rest of our lives. I pondered that thought for a while, of us spending our lives together, of growing old with her, retiring to a silly little house in Florida, battered by hurricanes every year, but loving it, wanting for nothing.

But then the needs of the body overwhelmed the ruminations of the heart, and I realized that my cock was throbbing in the crack of Sarah's ass.

I grinned then, remembering how this had all started, and the sudden desire to relive such a wonderful memory was too powerful to resist.

Gently, delicately, I kissed and licked the back of Sarah's neck, smoothed my hand over her thigh and down between her legs. She moved then, thrusting her ass back against my hard dick.

"Good morning, baby," Sarah moaned sleepily.

"Hi," I breathed, kissing the back of her neck and lifting her leg.

Sarah held her leg up and I grabbed my cock, bending it down and rubbing the tip of me between her lips. She was surprisingly wet, and definitely ready.

"This is how this whole thing started," she giggled softly, then gasped when I pushed inside her.

She was so wet and tight, her warm walls collapsing around my shaft like oiled velvet. The feel of her wrapping around my turgid morning wood made me shiver from head to toe. I pushed and pushed, shoving my cock through her incredible heat, and Sarah arched her back against me.

"Gawd, you're fucking hard," she purred, her insides clenching me deliciously, then she growled, "Fuck me, Amy. Fuck me wide awake."

One of my arms was underneath her neck, so I wrapped it around her, hugging her against my chest while I slowly pushed in and out of her hot cunt.

"I love you, Sarah," I told her, suddenly overwhelmed by what I was feeling.

Sex with Sarah was rarely as intense as it was first thing in the morning, and it was always such a wonderful way to start a new day.

I thrust in and out of her, slow and steady, loving the way she began to squirm in my arms and thrust her hips back against me. With my arm around her, I could feel her body tightening with pleasure, feel her chest heaving, her heart pounding. Her body felt so amazing, and she smelled so very good, not just of soap and shampoo, but her unique scent that never failed to drive me wild.

"I love you so much," I breathed, thrusting a little harder, a little faster.

Sarah managed to turn her head and kiss me. I kissed her back, soft, sweet, and I didn't fuck her. I made love to her, worshiped her body with mine, pushing back and forth through her slick depths until she shivered in my arms in climax and I spilled into her. We held each other for a long time, our cheeks wet with tears. When I softened enough to slip out of her, Sarah turned over and buried her face in my neck, wrapping her arms around me.

"I love you too," she sighed, hugging me tight against her. "Forever."

I smiled and opened my eyes to look at her, but what I saw over her shoulder stabbed cold, icy horror right into my heart. I took a sharp breath and Sarah quickly rolled over to look behind her, then she gasped too.

Trevor stood at the door, eyebrows knitted together, staring at my limp, sticky girlcock. His expression fell, replaced by...something else. I wouldn't call it mad, and I wouldn't call it hurt, but whatever he was feeling, it filled him up, filled the room, until he seemed to fill the doorway itself.

"Trevor," I breathed, moving slowly, so as not to startle him.

Sarah moved so that I could get up. He just stood there, looking gorgeous, as always, and stared at us, at me. He didn't yell, he didn't act surprised. Maybe he was shocked. God, this was so not how I'd wanted this to go.

"I don't fucking believe this," he said, and he turned on his heel to leave.

"Trevor! Wait!"

I shot out of bed and grabbed my flannel pants and shirt, putting them on as fast as I could, and made a particular part of me go away.

"Trevor!" I called after him, catching him at the top of the stairs.

To my surprise, he stopped and turned to face me.

"I'm not mad," he said, and amazingly, he sounded calm. But then he frowned at me, and something about him, maybe his posture, or maybe something in his eyes, which seemed far more blue than they ever had, made me back up a step. "Okay, I'm pissed. Unbelievably pissed, but not at you."

I just stood there and blinked at him, unable to read him at all. But after a moment, I realized that I was afraid. Not afraid of him, specifically, but afraid to be near him, if that made any sense at all. I don't know. It was like looking at a caged lion at the zoo. It wasn't dangerous right then, but you knew it could be.

Trevor snorted and gestured between my legs, then ran his hand through his hair. "Well, at least everything makes a lot more sense now."

My mouth opened and closed. I couldn't find my voice. What made sense now? How could he not be freaked out that I had a cock? Had he really been telling me the truth, so long ago, that dickgirls were hot, that they didn't bother him? But that was just fantasy. This was reality.

"What makes more sense?" I managed to ask.

He snorted. "Why I couldn't compete. Why I didn't stand a chance."

My heart broke.

"Oh, Trevor, no," I said, taking a step closer to him, but he moved away. "No, it's not like that at all. Just because I have a..."

"Cock?" he finished for me, raising an eyebrow, and my mouth snapped shut. Then he sighed and said, "It has nothing to do with that. Look, to be blunt, neither of you are gay, and I seriously doubted that either of you would be happy with just pussy."

I balked at that. Sarah wasn't in love with me just because I had a cock. Being a dickgirl helped, yes, and yes, I was hesitant to give up on being on the receiving end of a nice, hard stiffy now and then, but it was still coldly crude, the way he put it. I frowned, but he didn't seem to notice.

Trevor shrugged, "I just figured it was a novelty for you, that best case scenario, you couldn't go forever without dick, and Sarah would share you with me so that you could have cock now and then. Worst case, she wouldn't share you and you'd choose me over her."

He laughed then, a sharp bitter laugh, and gestured at me again. "But I didn't factor in that." He gave me a look, so hurt, so very angry. Again, I believed him, that he wasn't mad at me, but it frightened me just the same. "I didn't factor in that you didn't really need me."

God, that hurt to hear, because it wasn't true.

I shook my head. "Trevor, that's not it at all. I love you. Please believe me, I do love you, but I..."

"Stop," he said firmly, holding up his hand, and he shook his head. "I have to go."

He turned away and headed down the stairs.

"Where are you going?" I followed him to the front door, seeing Aunt Claire and my mom in the living room, watching us silently.

"Away," he said, not looking back.

"Trevor, wait. Please!"

He spun around so fast that I almost ran right into him.

"I'm not pissed at you," he told me, and maybe he wasn't, but he was definitely mad. "Really, I'm not. But I can't be around you right now," he said, then shook his head and sighed, turning away. "I can't be around any of you."

I watched him walk away, down the driveway and to his car. Sarah came up and hugged me from behind, and Trevor drove off.

"I'm so sorry, Amy," she whispered.

Then the tears came. I stood there on the porch and cried, but nowhere near as long as I thought I would. With every tear that fell, what he'd said sunk in. He wasn't mad at me. I really, truly believed him. But if not me, then who? Not Sarah, I didn't think. Maybe he was just mad at the whole situation.

I let Sarah take me back inside and sit me down on the couch, while Mom and Aunt Claire finished getting the table set for breakfast.

I couldn't blame Trevor, and I couldn't fault him. As blunt as he'd been, he was still right. Neither Sarah nor myself were willing to give up cock, to be equally blunt. But because of Freyja's gift, we didn't have to. We loved each other deeply, Sarah and I, and the gift allowed us to fully explore our relationship. Before the gift, Sarah was the only girl I'd ever gone down on. I simply hadn't been interested in doing that with anyone else. After, I guess my outlook changed. Maybe I began to see girls like guys did. Maybe that's why I enjoyed going down on other girls now.

But Trevor didn't know any of that. He didn't know about Freyja's gift. With the limited information he had, the only assumption he could have made was the 'right' one, I think, that Sarah and I wouldn't stay together without a guy being involved somehow, a guy like him. I loved him, and I think Sarah did too, in her own way, so I couldn't fault him for thinking that I would ultimately choose him, that that would be my one condition for staying with Sarah, that I would get to keep him too.

And you know what? If I decided right then and there that I couldn't be without either of them, I knew, I simply knew, that Sarah would accept him in our lives. But the ugly truth was that I could live without him. I still wanted, maybe needed, Trevor to be my friend. But my lover? It wasn't a requirement anymore. I wanted Sarah. I needed Sarah.

Only Sarah.

I glanced at her and took her hand.

"I'm okay," I gave her a nod.

I don't think she believed me at first.

"You sure?"

"Yeah," I nodded again, giving her a weak smile.

Sarah gave me a long, level look, then turned on the couch to face me, tucking her leg under her. She took both of my hands in hers and said, "Amy, I love you more than anything, and I'm not fucking around when I say this; if you want Trevor, I'll let you go."

I shook my head and opened my mouth to assure her, quite vehemently, that that wasn't what I wanted at all, but she put her finger over my mouth.

"Let me finish," she said, and when I nodded, she continued. "If you want us both, I can live with that too."

She could be so selfless at times, maybe even to her detriment. She could live with that? Living with something was no better than tolerating it. I loved her, and she deserved better than that. I didn't want her to have to live with anything, to settle for anything.

I snorted bitterly. "You can live with that, huh?"

She surprised me with a warm smile and shrugged. "Well, 'living with it' wouldn't be entirely accurate. Trevor's pretty goddamn hot, Amy."

I laughed and tears gathered in my eyes.

"I like him, a lot," she added, squeezing my hands affectionately. "I love him too, as a friend, and yes, I'll admit, if the circumstances were different, I'd ride that boy until he caught fire."

I laughed again, and a little piggy snort escaped me, which made Sarah chuckle. When the levity passed, there was something I had to know.

"But what do you want, Sarah? What do you really want?"

"You," she replied without hesitation. "I want you, nobody else. I don't need anyone else." She reached up then and brushed my tears away with her thumbs, then held my face and kissed me, soft and sweet.

I hugged her. "God, I love you."

"I'll support your decision, whatever it is."

"You," I told her, holding her tight. "You're my decision."

Sarah held me so tight that I could barely breathe. When she let me go, I wiped the rest of the tears off my face.

"I'll talk to him, later, when he's had a chance to calm down," Sarah said.

I frowned. "Is that such a good idea?"

She smiled. "It's not like he's gonna hit me or anything. Besides, I'm the one that got us into this mess. I'm the one that gave you the statue."

"I'm the one that fell in love with you," I argued.

Sarah countered with, "And I'm the one that let it happen."

I tried to argue again, but Sarah talked over me.

"You're not going to win this. You know that, right?" she raised an eyebrow.

"Oh, really?"

"Of course," she shrugged, brushing hair out of her eyes and winking. "I'll just withhold sex."

I chuckled and gave her another hug.

Both of us noticed how quiet it was in the kitchen, and when we looked that way, Mom and Aunt Claire were already seated at the table, fixing their plates.

"Come on," Sarah said, taking my hand and standing up. "Let's eat, and face the drama after."

Neither Mom nor Aunt Claire asked what had happened with Trevor, and I really appreciated it. I was still pretty upset, but Sarah held my hand under the table. But, eventually, Mom looked at me.

"Would you like to talk about it?" she asked softly.

I shrugged and looked down at my plate. "I made my choice."

Nobody said anything for a moment.

"I'm sorry, baby," Mom told me, and when I looked up, she gave me a sweet smile that only moms know how to give. "He won't be mad forever though."

"I don't know, Mom. He was so...not mad, really, but...I don't know. Hurt, I think."

Mom nodded and got up to make coffee, taking her plate with her. "Well, he's bound to be hurt. At the very least, his ego has been bruised. But he's your friend. He'll come around."

"I hope so," I murmured, then after a while, I felt the need to add, "I didn't want to hurt him."

Sarah squeezed my hand and hugged my side.

Mom came up behind me and hugged me too, "Oh, I know, baby."

"Look at the bright side, Amy," Aunt Claire said from the sink, washing dishes. I looked over at her and she grinned. "Eventually, when he calms down, he'll remember walking in on the girl-on-girl action, and I'm sorry, but he's a guy, and they love that stuff."

"Claire!" Mom gasped.

"What?"

I shook my head and smiled.

We spent the rest of the day putting up the last of the holiday decorations, though Mom and Aunt Claire had already put up most of them. Still, it was nice to just hang out with everyone, drinking eggnog and cracking jokes. But as the hours passed, I grew more nervous. After all, tomorrow was the big day; Sarah would be telling her parents about us.

I wasn't worried about her dad, George. He spent his late teens and early twenties in the seventies, so he was very open-minded when it came to same-sex relationships. He was also notorious for being a pushover when it came to Sarah. Mr. Burke would do anything it took to keep his daughter happy. He'd accidentally walked in on Sarah and I kissing once, and he'd merely laughed away his embarrassment.

No, it was Sarah's mom, Penny, that worried me. While I wouldn't say she was ultra conservative, Mrs. Burke definitely had her limits. She hadn't been too pleased when she'd heard about her husband catching Sarah and I kissing. Sarah had later told me that she hadn't gotten in trouble, but her mom made it clear that while she didn't much care what Sarah did with me, so long as no word of it whatsoever got back to her from her friends or colleagues.

Sarah was practically a grown woman now. Both of us would be turning twenty-one soon anyway. I just hoped her mom wouldn't freak out at the news.

After dinner, Sarah and I cleaned up the kitchen, then she took my hand.

"Come take a shower with me?" she asked, smiling sweetly.

I smiled back and merely nodded.

Aunt Claire had apparently heard Sarah, because she gave us a grin and a wink as we passed her in the living room.

In the bathroom, we stripped out of our clothes, and I pinned up my hair while Sarah got the shower going. When I glanced at her, the sight of her leaning over to test the water took my breath away. She was kind of standing in profile, and she was absolutely beautiful. She'd worn her hair down that day, letting it cascade over her shoulders. Her tight butt was thrust out behind her, and I could see the side of her right boob. While she was distracted, I let my cock slide out of me, then stepped up behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist, letting my soft length settle into the crack of her rear end, then I leaned over her so that my breasts lay against her back.

"Oh, hello," she murmured, laying her arm over both of mine.

"Hi," I breathed, pushing her hair out of my way with my nose, and kissing the back of her neck.

"That's nice," she sighed, tilting her head so that I could get to the side of her neck.

I kissed and nibbled on her neck and shoulders, letting my hands roam freely, one sliding up to cup one of her wondrously firm breasts, and the other smoothing down over her stomach. My fingers slid over her smooth mound, then down into her slick cleft.

"You're already wet?" I said, surprised.

Sarah gave a small chuckle. "I'm always wet for you."

"Really?"

She nodded, reaching her hand up behind her to hold the back of my head.

I gently strummed her clit with my thumb and slid a finger inside her. My cock was rapidly hardening, until it was lying in a hot line against her back and butt.

"Most of the time, I weep all day long," she told me, gasping when I curled my finger to rub that spot inside her. "Makes a mess of my panties."

I giggled and pressed myself tighter against her back, loving the way she felt in my arms, the sounds of her little gasps and groans. Everything about her, her warmth, her scent, was simply intoxicating. My cock was leaking precum against her back, slickening my shaft.

"Amy," she sighed, craning her neck to look at me, and pulling my head over her shoulder to kiss me. "Stop playing with me and fuck me."

I kissed her back, hard, then straightened up and took my cock in my hand. I was so hard that I had to force my cock down away from me. I rubbed the end of me up through her slippery folds, shivering at the feel of her wet heat, and fit myself there. I just gazed down at her for a while, my eyes riveted to the sight of my dick resting just at her entrance, the lips of her perfect pussy spread over the very tip of my cock, and just above that, the tight star of her ass winked at me. I shivered again, remembering what it felt like to fuck her ass, and I promised myself that we would be doing that again soon.

"Amy, please," Sarah gasped, pushing her hips back.

I grabbed her hips and held her still, cock throbbing powerfully when I'd nearly slipped inside her. Just looking at her, holding her, readied to plow into her body, I was already on edge.

"Not yet," I told her, nudging my cockhead just a touch inside her, not quite enough to penetrate, but enough to knock on her door, to let her know I was there, that I could fuck her any moment.

"Please," she gasped, lowering her head and pushing back again.

"I'll come too quick," I warned her.

"Fuck, Amy, I don't care," she hissed.

And with that, I tightened my grip on her hips and pushed. The lips of her cunt spread wide over my crown, so very wide, and suddenly, I was inside her. The incredible wet heat of her body enveloped me, and slowly but firmly, I fed my dick deep into her body, inch after ragingly hard inch, until the lips of her twat were splayed around the very base of my cock.
