 Well, this is it, the last segment of Strange Days. A huge, huge, huge thank you to Blind_Justice for all of his help, and to everyone else, for your encouraging words and messages. The end of a story rarely satisfies every reader, but this one, I'm happy with. With luck, you will be too. It has been an amazing journey, and I look forward to the next one.

-redskyes

Chapter 83

Things settled down dramatically after Christmas, disappointingly so, in fact. By the time February rolled around, I hadn't seen Todd again, nor had I talked to him. I won't go into the dirty details, but his sentencing was light, and believe it or not, I was actually rather grateful. Turned out that Todd's suspicions were well-founded. Helena confirmed that someone had put the whammy on the party at the frat house. There was no way to prove it in a court of law, of course, but Todd's lawyer managed to scrounge up half a dozen attendees of the party and got them to testify that they had partaken in certain 'carnal activities' that they otherwise never would have. It cast enough doubt that Todd was sentenced to only one year in prison, but I use the term 'prison' lightly. His father managed to get him into a white-collar joint.

I also hadn't been whammied since Christmas. I even talked to Detective Willis and asked about the workload. He told me that whoever had been doping people in the night clubs seemed to have given up. They were still working the existing cases, but hadn't opened any new ones since Christmas. Those very cases worked in Todd's favor too. All of the women had been dosed with Ecstasy too, although Willis said it was a derivative or something, not the usual stuff.

The week after Christmas, I finally got an update on Trevor, from Violet. She'd told me he was fine. Not in a good place, but fine. Turned out that he'd driven back to his campus. She ended up staying with him up to the last minute before she had to come back for classes. I still felt terrible, and I wanted to talk to him, desperately, but Violet insisted that I give him space. Trevor would call me when he was ready. She told me that he really wasn't mad at me, but he needed time to cool off. It was hard to accept, but I did. Besides, Violet talked to him almost every day, and she was driving out to Princeton to be with him nearly every other weekend. If anything was terribly wrong, she would know.

Speaking of Violet, she and Holly were still together, but I'd noticed a big change in their relationship. Holly was much more reserved these days, and their behavior was a lot more casual. I think she was beginning to adjust to the fact that Violet wasn't head-over-heels in love with her. Violet was spending more time at our apartment too, making use of the guest room. At first, I'd worried that she and Holly were splitting up, but I found out that Holly had gotten a new job with more hours, so she wasn't home very often, and Violet still hated to sleep alone in an empty apartment.

Phillip and Tabitha were doing great. The happy couple spent a lot of time hanging out with me and Sarah. With Violet being over a lot too, our apartment was bustling again, like in the old days.

That particular day, I wasn't booked for any shoots, and my classes were early in the morning, so when I got back to the apartment, I had plenty of time to clean the place up. Phillip was coming over that afternoon, and Tabitha would be joining us later for dinner. Sarah's last class of the day was a couple hours after mine. She breezed in while I was cleaning up the kitchen.

"Hey, baby," she called out, dropping her bag next to the couch, then she glanced around at the apartment. "Oh wow. You got a big head start."

I shrugged.

Sarah looked at the TV. "Watching the news?"

"Might as well." I'd been keeping up with the news almost every day, and I had good reason.

She gave me a saucy grin and came over to me, swaying her hips. "You know, it would be more fun if you had music on."

"Yeah?" I arched an eyebrow.

Sarah nodded and pressed her body against me, lacing her fingers together behind my neck. "You could dance around while you cleaned in your underwear."

"My underwear?" I grinned back.

She nodded again and kissed me. I set down the sponge I was using to wipe down the counter and wrapped my arms around her waist. Sarah pressed herself closer and took a deep breath through her nose. God, I never tired of how amazing she felt, soft yet firmly muscled. I slanted my mouth over hers, deepening the kiss and cupping her tight butt in both hands. Sarah moaned softly, her hands pushing my shirt up, cupping my breasts, catching my nipples between her thumbs and fingers.

I ate at her mouth and couldn't get enough of her. I writhed against her and couldn't get close enough to her. Sarah lightly pinched my nipples, making me gasp into her mouth, and I shoved my hands into her pants, pushing them down her hips. Sarah slid one leg out, but the other got stuck. She kind of hopped on one leg while I tried to pull her pants off, and we both started laughing, but neither of us stopped stripping the other.

Our clothes came off in a frenzy, Sarah's first, so that she stood gloriously naked in our kitchen. Her cheeks and neck were flushed with heat, breasts swollen and nipples tight. God, she was just so gorgeous. I grabbed the nape of her neck and jerked her towards me, kissing her, tasting her, owning her. I could have kissed her forever, but Sarah had other plans. Palming my breasts, she pushed me back and knelt before me, dragging my shorts down along the way. My half-hard length flopped out of my shorts, and before they had cleared my ankles, Sarah closed her mouth over my tip. I hissed at the feel of her warm tongue lashing against the underside of my crown, where I was most sensitive, of her lips sliding down my length, inch after inch. With my shorts off, Sarah wrapped both hands around my shaft and worked her mouth over my swelling tip, licking and sucking, kissing and slurping, moaning softly all the while. She took me out of her mouth and licked along the side of my shaft down to the root, then back up the underside, then down again along the other side, and with my length plenty wet, she took me back into her mouth and began twisting both hands up and down my cock.

My hands fisted into her hair and I groaned out loud, fully erect and throbbing in her hands. Sarah pulled down on my shaft and looked up at me through her lashes, her big brown eyes shimmering, sultry yet sweet. Her hair was pulled back in a loose braid, masking none of her lean neck, her delicately sculpted face. I loosened one hand from her hair to cup her cheek, loving that I was inside her at all, but there was somewhere else I wanted to be.

Gently, but insistently, I pulled out of her mouth, her lips giving my swollen tip a wet kiss. Grabbing the nape of her neck again, I knelt in front of her and crushed my mouth to hers, pushed her back and hooked my arm behind her knee. I kissed her on the way down, lifting her leg, found her wet center and pushed inside.

Oh, holy fuck, she felt good, so tight and wet, like the first time, the very first time. I slid into her with ease, inch after long hard inch, pushing deep inside. Sarah moaned loudly into my mouth. I hooked my arm behind her other leg and lifted, getting a better angle, and when I was fully sheathed inside her, I flexed my abdomen, making my cock jump inside her, making her whimper. She fit me like a glove, so damn hot, one hand on the back of my neck and an arm around my waist, hand on my ass, pulling me tight against her, deep inside her.

I drew my hips back, pulled my achingly hard cock out of her tight sleeve, and pushed back in. Oh God, I could do this forever, and I wanted to. I pumped in and out of her, slow but deep, forcing my way in, forcing her body to accept me even though she was more than wet enough for it. Every thrust made me throb, swell, want her even more. She tightened around me, or I was getting bigger.

I whispered against her mouth, breathed, really, telling her how much I loved her, loved her body, wanted her and needed her. My cock was so fucking hard, absolutely unyielding, forcing her insides to mold around me. I could feel that pressure building low in my body, a delicious burn rising up through the center of my dick and making me just a little harder, just a little longer, just a little thicker. I could feel the end of me gently nudging her cervix, and knowing I was that deep in her body almost made me come.

"Please, baby," Sarah whimpered, holding tight to the back of my neck and pressing her forehead to mine, her breath hot and fast. "Please, come for me."

"God, Sarah."

And I felt it, her warm wet walls fluttering, squeezing, rippling down my turgid shaft, pulling me in. I throbbed so hard that I felt a twinge of pain at the root of my cock. I fucked her harder, faster, that pressure inside me building, growing, too large for my body, too large to contain. Sarah dug her nails into my neck and ass and she seized beneath me, lifting her pelvis and letting just a little more of me inside her. My cockhead pressed against the door to her womb and it hit me.

Every muscle in my body locked, my spine bowed and my pelvis thrust as firmly between Sarah's legs as possible. My breath left my lungs in a single rush, and I couldn't breathe back in. The pressure inside me snapped, exploded up through my shaft, burst out of my tip and spilled into her body, and Sarah came again, her climaxing cunt pulling and sucking the cum right out of me. It felt so good that I couldn't stop thrusting even though our groins were pressed tight together. It felt so good that I couldn't stop coming. It felt so fucking good that it hurt.

I don't know how long it lasted, but my body went lax and I barely braced my hand on the kitchen floor to keep from falling onto Sarah. She was shaking beneath me, her hands gently petting my sweaty skin, her lower lip trembling.

"Holy shit," she breathed, gazing deep into my eyes.

If the slick wetness I was feeling where we were joined was any indication, I was going to have to mop the floor again.

I kissed her softly. "How was your day?"

Sarah laughed and pulled me down to her, hugging me. We kissed and cuddled for a while, and I don't think either of us cared how uncomfortable the kitchen floor was. I know I didn't.

The intercom buzzer blared through the apartment.

"Shit," I grumbled into Sarah's neck.

She chuckled and patted my butt. "I'll get it."

I was only half-hard by that point, but still long and thick, and the feel of my cock sliding out of her tight body sent a renewing shudder through my limbs. She felt so good that I damn near pushed back in. Instead, I got up onto shaky legs and grabbed my shorts, pulling them on.

"I wonder who it is," I said, pulling my shirt back on, while Sarah grabbed her clothes and ran for the intercom, beautifully naked and her thighs thoroughly soaked. "Phillip shouldn't be here for another hour or so."

Sarah shrugged and punched the intercom. "Hello?"

"Delivery for Amy Carter," a guy said.

Sarah glanced at me over her shoulder and I flicked my hand in a go-away gesture. She grinned and pushed the button again. "Can you leave it at the door?"

"Sorry. Need someone to sign for this," he replied.

"Fine. Be right there," Sarah said, then she dashed away to throw on flannel pants and a thermal shirt and slippers. "Be right back, sweetie," she told me.

I was getting ready to mop the floor for the second time - yeah, it definitely needed it - when Sarah came back up in the elevator. She was carrying a big wicker basket wrapped in plastic, and it looked heavy.

"Who is that from?" I asked as she set it down on the dining room table.

"Jean Pierre," she grinned.

She handed me the card, and the only things on it were a row of X's and his name beneath it. I smiled and tore into the basket. It was full of an assortment of fancy crackers, cheeses and sausages, and right in the middle of it was a big bottle of red wine.

"That was really sweet of him," Sarah said, checking out one of the tubes of sausage, turning it over in her hands.

I had to tease her. "You know, if you want more sausage, you only have to ask."

Sarah made a face, then reached across the table and gave my arm a solid smack with the tube of meat.

"Hey! Watch it!" I shook my finger at her. "I'll smack you with the real thing!"

"Bring it!" She grinned, shaking her chest at me. She blew me a kiss and went to the kitchen, carrying the sausage with her. "I'll grab plates and stuff. We can snack on this when Phillip gets here."

I almost made another sausage pun. Almost.

After setting up snacks, Sarah and I took a quick shower. Well, quick is a relative term, at least when it comes to taking showers with her. I'm never able to get through one without touching her in at least some small way, and that always leads to bigger and better ways of touching. That doesn't necessarily mean sex though. After she'd rinsed her hair, I'd hugged her from behind, pressing my front against her back in a solid line from head to foot, losing myself in the feel of her against me. Sarah had reached up to hold the back of my head and then turned at the waist, pulling me down for a soft, sweet and very lingering kiss.

When she drew back to look at me, when she smiled so sweetly, so lovingly, I very nearly asked her right then and there...

But I'm getting ahead of myself.

Phillip arrived a little early, so we put him to work cleaning up the apartment. There wasn't much left to do, so when we were finished, we had a few hours to kill before Tabitha arrived for dinner.

"Where's Violet?" he asked as the three of us circled the dinner table, fixing ourselves plates of snacks.

"It's Friday, so probably on her way to see Trevor," I told him.

I felt Phillip looking at me, and when I glanced at him, he raised an eyebrow and said, "They're spending an awful lot of time together."

I chuckled, but Sarah laughed out loud.

Phillip frowned. "What's so funny?"

Sarah patted his shoulder on her way by him. "Sweetie, Violet's gay."

"Bullshit," he muttered. I cocked an eyebrow at him and he added, "I've seen the way she looks at Trevor."

"How?" I asked.

"Like she does," he jerked his chin at Sarah.

Sarah's eyes widened a fraction, flicking back and forth from me to Phillip. She never had been truly comfortable with her feelings for Trevor. It still bothered her, how much she cared about him when she was in love with me.

"Well, trust me, she's gay," I told him.

He shrugged. "If you say so, but I'll stick with my 'bi' theory."

We made our way to the living area and sat down on the couch, with Sarah between Phillip and me. Sarah told him, "Here's the deal with Violet. Back in high school, she wasn't ready to come out of the closet. She was pretty chummy with most of the guys on the football team. Supposedly, they concocted stories about her, like that she'd reward their touchdowns with blowjobs and stuff."

Phillip balked. "Are you serious?"

Sarah nodded. "The whole school knew about it."

"But she didn't actually do those things?" he asked.

Sarah shook her head, and I said, "We think she just got tired of guys hitting on her. It certainly worked. She had this whole football-whore image going at school."

"That's awful," he frowned.

Sarah disagreed. "No, it was brilliant. In fact, it worked a little too well. I always though Violet was too comfortable with the rumors about her. It was like she knew they were false. Besides, I have it on good authority that they are false."

"Who's the authority?" he asked.

Sarah smiled, pressed her lips together, and mimed zipping them. Phillip bounced his eyebrows in that 'whatever' gesture, then took a sip from his glass of wine. The gift basket from Jean Pierre was amazing. We sat around snacking and talking, catching up on news and gossip. As for the wine, it was fantastic. Before we knew it, we'd all but polished off the whole bottle. The only reason we noticed was because Sarah had grabbed it to refill her glass, and there was only little bit left at the bottom.

"Holy crap. We drank the whole thing."

I frowned. "Is that why everything Phillip says seems funny?"

"Hey! My humor doesn't need alcoholic enhancement!"

Sarah bounced her eyebrows at me. "No, but I think it's why I'm horny right now."

I had certain parts of me hidden, since Phillip was over, but when I saw the heated look in her brown eyes, my belly tightened uncomfortably. Phillip cracked a joke, about sex, I think, maybe offering himself to Sarah for use. I'm not sure. I missed most of it. I was staring at Sarah, watching her laugh, her boobs shaking under her thermal shirt. For some reason, I really hated that shirt right then. I wanted it off of her.

My frown shifted to Phillip. He was making her laugh again, and she had her hand on his thigh, leaning into him while she laughed. When he made her laugh even harder, she kind of rolled into him and buried her face in his chest, her whole body shaking.

I didn't like it. I didn't like the way she was touching him, the familiarity of it. I didn't like the way he had his arm around her shoulders in a half-hug, the way his hand was stroking her back.

I didn't fucking like him.

I was angry. So unbelievably goddamn angry that my hands were curled into fists, itching to connect with Phillip's skull. My nails were digging into my palms, then cutting, and the pain brought a little clarity with it.

God, what was wrong with me?

Sarah finally drew away from Phillip, flopping back against the couch with a sigh and closing her eyes.

Phillip rubbed his hand down his face and widened his eyes, as though trying to wake up. "Fuck, I think I'm wasted." He shook his head, slowly, eyes drifting shut. "Christ, I haven't been this wasted since the frat..."

And he was out, his head drooping over against Sarah's. That's when I saw that she was out too. It took about two seconds after that to realize that I'd felt this way before, so angry, so pissed off, so fucking enraged.

"Like the wine?" came the whisper in my ear.

I jumped up from the couch with a scream, because it was that voice.

He was as attractive as I remembered, lips full and smile wide, chiseled features, bright eyes, blue-black eyebrows and long silken hair that tumbled down his back as he pulled off a baseball cap and tossed it aside. His tight jeans looked painted on, and a lot of pale but leanly muscled body was on display, since he wore no shirt, shoes, or socks.

Lucas?

Chapter 84

He was standing right behind the couch, though when I'd leapt away, he'd taken a few steps back. We were circling each other, him working his way around the couch, me away from him.

"Lucas?" I said, slowly edging towards the kitchen.

"Not exactly," he smiled, the timbre of his voice changing slightly.

I had no idea how he'd gotten into our apartment, but I knew this; Someone had just whammied all three of us, and apparently with the wine. The signs had been there. Sarah had outright told us that she was horny, and Phillip had gotten awfully flirty with her, and I'd gotten angry, just like at the frat party.

"It was you," I breathed. Lucas cocked his head, still circling the couch. "Todd was right." Lucas grinned, and something about his expression, his whole face was...wrong. My anger had been chased away by fear, but now it was coming back. "You spiked the drinks. You're responsible for what happened to Paula!"

He smiled again, and it wasn't his smile at all. I was halfway to the kitchen, where my cell phone was charging, when I saw it. Before my very eyes, Lucas's hair began to curl, thicken, and the black bled away, gradually replaced by gold. His shoulders broadened, his body lengthened, filled out, the fly of his jeans ripped open, along with the inseams. He was lean and sharply cut, bigger than me, so much like Trevor that before I looked up at his face, I swore that's who I was going to see.
