 The Kzalamir Inn was a lively place for being located in such a small town. Tucked away from the troubles of a busier life elsewhere, the people living here happily crammed themselves in to pursue the noble act of indulging in alcohol until thoroughly drunk—and once drunk, screwing until someone got pregnant. Then, a new farmhand would be born. So it goes.

Small town life is a vicious cycle, Hugo supposed; a vicious cycle of drinking, fucking, farming, and child birth. Good thing he was only passing through. His silvery hair, untamed like the winds of the western plains from whence he came, marked him as an outsider; not to mention his violet, almond shaped eyes and skin bronzed from untold days of travel. But still, the town was nice enough to those "from away," so long as such people stayed out of trouble.

But trouble had a knack for finding Hugo.

The serving girl passed by his corner seat and offered him another glass of grain liquor, which Hugo happily accepted. He couldn't help but notice the mischievous twinkle in her eyes; she leaned in to pour, purposefully revealing more than a little of the gentle landscape of her plump white breasts. The young lass gave him a lingering smile, then demonstratively swayed her hips as she sauntered off to make the rounds. Looking back, she gave him a quick wink.

It wasn't long after that the two found each other in the comforts of the night. Hugo was a little drunk by then, even considering his great stamina. He was no good at speaking the local dialect, but who needs words when a girl pulls you close?

She kissed him on the lips and snuck him to a small shack behind the inn. The heady scent of hay and summer night filled Hugo's nostrils, and the girl lifted her skirt enough to put his hand between her legs; she exhaled sharply and made a small noise as he felt her wetness. The way she moved her hips against his fingers made Hugo feel suddenly aware of the weight of his manhood, of the pressure that was building within.

The girl untied his trousers and looked up at him with soft blue eyes that belied her thirst. She gasped when she pulled out his semi-erect penis. Women of the western plains often said that their men are like the horses they tame in more ways than just their fiery temperament. The girl took a few moments to explore, cupping his large testicles, which seemed to overflow in her hands. Hugo chuckled at her expression as she measured his girth with her hand and found that she couldn't close her grip around him. He reached down and guided her hand so that she began to tug and caress him with long, smooth strokes.

Soon, his cock was fully erect, several hand-lengths in size; a thick, branching vein ran through it, pumping blood in time with his quickening pulse. The girl began kissing its tip. It wasn't long before she was fully enamored. She put the tip into her mouth, letting her hot wet saliva slip down his shaft, and she gently squeezed the massive thing near its base so that it flexed instinctively, like a predator fighting back against its captor.

Hugo moaned. His balls were aching and getting heavier—his body was demanding release. He laid back on the hay and his woman climbed on top, her fiery red curls falling about her shoulders and obscuring her face; she was a succubus come to take his life in a dream.

With Hugo's cock tensing between her legs—almost there—she untied her blouse; her milky breasts, so full and perfectly round with blue veins running through their pale welcoming flesh, fell free. She pulled back her flaming red hair and brought them down for him to suck on. As he did, her scent filled his nostrils, driving him to a new stratosphere of lust and desire. She began to grind her dripping cunt against his swollen organ, her once soft pink nipples becoming intense with pleasure. She inhaled sharply at once, and could no longer resist him—she grabbed hold of his impressive girth and guided it inside her.

At first, her body quivered, out of control, only allowing her to take the first few inches. Pain flashed across her face, and Hugo scented her fear mingling with the earthy smell of the hay they bedded upon; it was the flighty, exhilarated fear of one who's realized their new toy might be capable of hurting them. Hugo put his hands on her supple hips, and guided her slowly. He was masterful, and soon she was riding him steadily—her breasts bounced in graceful arcs as she took the better part of his heavy shaft, moaning the name of whatever god they worshipped in her part of the world as she did. Not bad for her first time.

It wasn't long before Hugo felt a sudden gush of wetness and her hips began to quake; she let out a series of sharp exultations in the primitive language of sex and pushed herself forcefully down until she'd taken him to the hilt. The hay beneath them was very wet.

Now, it was his turn.

He grabbed hold of her tightly and forced her body to move. Her body shook, both wracked by pain and taken with pleasure; she was powerless—the orgiastic rutting inside her cunt was all she felt, all she wanted. It was the only thing in her world. Her stallion of a man's large balls slapped hard against her as his driving thrusts took her home for the second time; her orgasms came like the rain—bigger and better with every impassioned thrust. She had lost count—couldn't count—she, an animal; the only thing that mattered was her wild stallion's cock, as long as it was inside her.

Hugo roughly flipped her over and took her from behind. Placing his hands firmly on her hips he entered her and savored the intoxicating wetness within. He wanted to come. He wanted to fill up this girl's wet chamber until it overflowed from his pleasure and he fell down dead from exhaustion. She was that good.

She screamed loudly at every thrust; surely, they had been heard by now. She cried and cried, a broken girl, as he mercilessly pushed himself deeper and deeper inside her; her wetness ran down his ballsack and inner thighs. He roared his pleasure aloud—his time was now; he could feel it. Within him, the thick molten lead of his semen began to move. His thrusts slowed and his bitch cried pitifully while he came and filled her with his seed. The two collapsed together.

The world had stopped.

His semen dripped out of her swollen chamber when he removed himself, and the girl threw her arms around him, a mix of pain, pleasure, and amazement in her eyes. The way she kissed him then, Hugo knew that she was his, if he wanted her.

Too bad he was only passing through.