 "We don't take kindly to strangers in these parts."

Another new town. A dozen or so angry men surrounded Hugo; none of whom looked pleased to see him. One place is very much like another. These people didn't appreciate his copper skin, or his silvery white hair, or his violet eyes. Or it was that his clothes were different. Anything that made him out to be one of the tribes of the Great Plains of the West, take your pick. Life was hard for a drifter.

"Just passing through," Hugo said in kind. He stepped forward.

"Now, why don't you turn around and go back the way you came, boy," said one of the grimy baiguilao. Across the dusty road, a hard man spat chewing macca into the dirt, staring at Hugo through squinted eyes. Bad habits. The grimy baiguilao and two others stepped into the road, blocking Hugo's path. They were fighters. Besides, there were seven other men that would fight. Ten is a good number, Hugo thought. He stepped forward again.

"You don't hear so good, do you, boy?" the baiguilao said, the pitch of his voice now a semi-tone higher. That was fear; the man's blood was up. The baiguilao was right to be afraid. Hugo took one more step and put his hands at the ready. He focused his cool eyes at the man blocking his path, at the vein bulging from his forehead. Hugo smiled, brought his hand up, and thumbed his nose at the man.

"That's it! Get 'im boys!" the man shouted.

The men circled Hugo. One of them made a foolish attempt at grabbing him. Hugo dodged the advance and used his opponent's unbalanced weight to topple him into the dirt. Another man tried: Hugo bent his arm, locking the joints, and threw him into two of the others. The men drew their swords and knives. It was no surprise that it had come to this; it always did; it had a hundred times before. Hugo's hands fell to his blades, and he sank in his stance, at the ready.

One of the attackers ran in with his knife, screaming and thrusting wildly. Evading him was child's play. Hugo let the man play at being a warrior for a few seconds, then Hugo deigned to draw his blades. The man lost his weapon and his hand. Blood sprayed from the wound, painting the road that baked under the high noon sun red. The Baiguilao screamed and fell to his knees. Hugo kicked him square in the face to shut him up. The man's nose crunched inward, and he fell unconscious and bleeding out. Hugo twirled his twin blades; curved-bladed and swift, they had taken countless lives.

"I'll give you one last chance," Hugo said, "to let me pass. If you want a fight, then you'll be murdered by the world's greatest lover. I'll see you in hell, but not before I take your wives to bed!" Hugo smiled; he'd been practicing that line.

"Kill him!" one of the men screamed, and as if on cue, they all swarmed in. It did not matter anymore: they were not men, only enemies. And as enemies they closed in. Swords and knives crashed and glinted in the sun as a deadly dance of blades unfolded. Hugo warded off an attacker with one scimitar, while the other lashed out and took a foe through the eyes. The familiar scent of blood and sweat and battle perfumed the air; one of the few things that made Hugo feel alive. One by one his opponents fell—their efforts at killing were as graceless as a braying mule's song. The could not last against an opponent as seasoned as Hugo. Before long, only one remained.

They clashed. This one was good enough to block and parry a few times before Hugo cut the man's leg and let him fall to his knees.

The sun beat down them; those that lived. The last fighting man panted for breath, his blood a growing pool in the dirt beneath him. Hugo sent the blood staining his weapons splattering to the ground with a quick flourish before sheathing the two blades. Villagers poked their curious heads out of windows and doors to see the quiet aftermath. And it was always so quiet.

The ugly defeated baiguilao looked at Hugo, expecting death. Hugo kicked him square across the face, sending him to the ground and knocking him out cold. "Just passing through," he said with a chuckle, and continued his journey through the center of town. The wind blows, and with it I go.

As Hugo passed by the local inn, a pair of girls with big breasts and wide hips giggled and pointed at him. They met his gaze with a certain girlish ferocity that he was no stranger to. Well, I can find the time to stay one night, he thought.

***

The girls fell into bed with him; this strong, fighting man that exuded the scent of danger. They had watched as a pack of foolish boys from the town challenge him. They had watched the boys get cut down.

And now they warmed this strange, exotic man's bed. His untamed, silvery hair and bronzed skin was radiant, and here it intoxicated their senses in the dark of the boudoir. Celiçe, dusky brown of hair, gave him her dark, seductive eyes as she ran her hand down his abdomen, down to his manhood. She gasped when she felt it, and motioned for her partner Ané to feel it too. Was it real? They had never felt anything like it.

Aroused, the two girls kissed. Their breasts closed against each other, their nipples growing firm and proud. The red haired one, with ripe, milky breasts, Ané, reached down and began to untie Hugo's trousers. His large bulge was growing larger at an alarming rate. Soon, it rose to its full height between the two girls, thick veins coursing through its thick shaft. The two girls couldn't conceal their hunger any longer. They bent down to kiss the thing, which flexed and pumped instinctively with each heated touch of their lips. Primal urges shot through its owner.

Hugo explored between the girls' legs, and found it to be hot and slick and ready. Celiçe gasped as he pushed his strong fingers between her wet lips, opening her. He favored her dark eyes and lithe figure that culminated in a tight and well-formed backside. He would take her from behind, he had decided. But not yet. Ané, too, gasped and cried out when he opened her with his rough, calloused hands.

Now, the girls rocked and thrusted against his fingers as he worked. They groped and stoked each others breasts, and did not forget about their man's sex either. Their breath grew ragged, and they cried out and clutched each other as they came. Ané made the sheets wet, and for a moment Hugo thought that her preferred her.

She would ride first. Hugo's hands rose, seeking her breasts, pinching her reddened nipples. She gasped and squealed as he guided her to her place above him, where she felt the raw power of his big thing against the underside of her inflamed sex. She looked scared of its size; uncertain, in a way. Her youth and sexual inexperience had finally revealed itself.

She gripped the massive male organ and guided it into her dripping wet chamber. She yelped and moaned and struggled to take more than a few inches of the huge, horse-like cock, but Celiçe was there for her. She put her hands on the struggling girl and soothed her in a language completely foreign. Cupping her breasts and buttocks, she guided her up and down. With Celiçe's aid, she encompassed the thick organ's weighty girth. Her pussy stretched and tugged against it as its head probed deeper and deeper inside her. Her sex gushed with pleasure, flooding over Hugo's thick shaft and heavy testicles.

Hugo felt her relax. She became more receptive as he ran his hands over her backside. Still, she cried out with every exuberant stroke of their organs against each other. She came, a new wet spot on the sheets.

Hugo put her aside, he would take her again soon. Now, he desired the other girl.

The Celiçe's dark eyes burned with slutty hunger. She would not be taken lightly, they said. Good, thought Hugo. He always liked a challenge.

The two rose to their knees and he grabbed her roughly, pulling her hair so that she bared her breasts to him. He put his mouth to them and tickled his tongue over her soft skin. As he did, he positioned himself between her legs—his engorged penis, still slick from Ané's pleasure, found its way inside her.

He lifted her legs and held her up with his strong back and arms. His thews were like corded steel as he spread her open and wrapped her legs around his back. She sank down against him, the wild man bucking his hips upward into her, taking his pleasure.

She was his. His big, heavy testicles pounded and slapped against her backside with every convulsive thrust. The wetness from her feminine organ made them slick, and ran down his inner thighs. His breathing became heavier as he descended into the mad instinct of a wild animal.

He let her drop to the bed. The violence of his sex shone in his eyes as he flipped her over, and grabbed her hips from behind. His thick veiny cock lay bare between her splayed open backside, seeking the dripping wet honey-pot it had had only moments before. He let a roar when he took her, harder and harder he drove it home.

She begged, and he knew not her words. She cried, but what was her pain to his own pleasure? He took her as he wanted to. Her hips trembled as orgasms wracked her body at every beck and call of his throbbing and twitching penis. He had broken her. Hugo went insane with lust, and filled her with his seed, filling her more and more completely as he slowed with exhaustion, until she overflowed. His thick semen ran out of her in languid webs; her pussy became a slow river of their mixed juices.

He removed himself from her quivering chamber, and she fell to the bed, gasping and moaning. She was caught between the pain caused by his large sex and wanting more.

Without barely a pause, Hugo snatched up Ané. His cum was still dribbling from the tip of his twitching cock when he mounted her from behind, and made her his bitch. This time, her sex was ready. It undulated as the two found their rhythm. Hugo's balls, tight from their recent orgasm, slammed into her exposed clitoris and sent shockwaves of ecstasy shooting through it. The two rutted greedily, unable to escape each other's inflamed desires. They ground their crotches together in a perfect fit, until finally Hugo's panting breath mounted and the moment of his pleasure became clear.

Ané turned to him, welcoming his cum with her perfect breasts. Web after thick web of cum shot out of Hugo. It landed on her face; it painted her reddened breasts white. She grabbed his twitching cock and took it into her mouth. Rivulets of Hugo's cum ran down her chin as he finished his orgasm inside her salivating jaws.

But not even two orgasms was enough to stop him. Their animal rut continued long through the night. Hugo proved again and again that his stamina and capacity for ejaculation were both superhuman in their limits. The two females that mated him broke a few limits of their own. As the sun rose, their three bodies finally collapsed, throbbing with pleasure, into sleep.