 I leaned back against the wall of the warehouse and sent my senses reaching through the shadows searching for any sign of danger. The butt of my Glock slipped in my sweaty grip and I had to breathe through my mouth so as not to drown out the sounds coming through the closed door beside me. The crack of a whip and feminine groans of pain leached through and set my teeth on edge, I was on my own, since I had lost my backup in the convoluted maze of the converted building, and I couldn't call out without alerting whoever was on the other side. Wiping my sleeve across my brow I stepped away from the wall and faced the door. Taking a deep breath, and with three quick steps, I slammed into it with my shoulder hard enough to send it flying back. 

The loud crash caused the half-naked tormentor to spin back, still clutching the butt of the whip, now greasy with fresh blood. The crimson fluid dripped slowly into a growing pool at his feet. I spotted a naked girl hanging limply with her hands tied to a beam above her head, her breast, belly, and thighs covered with the marks of his cruel flogging. Her head hung forward so that her long brown hair veiled her face, the rest of her body half hidden by the uncertain light. I could make out a circle and a five pointed star on floor, with unlit candles resting at every point and the girl hung right in the center.

With an ugly snarl he flicked the whip in my direction but I blocked it with a swing of my weapon, grabbed the tip and jerked it from his hands. Unarmed he moved behind the girl, slipping around to keep her between us. "You stupid oaf, you think you can stop me? You're far too late for that. As soon as the moon reaches that window and sheds its silver light on the girl the spell will be complete."

"You crazy son of a bitch, there's no such thing a magic. I aimed my gun and fired. The round slammed into the idiot's shoulder, spun him around and knocked him to the floor.

"I guess I'll have to make sure it doesn't touch her." Vaulting forward I pulled my skinning knife and reached up to cut her free. But at the first touch, an explosive surge of power knocked the blade back and drove me to my knees.

"You fool. You don't think I would be prepared for something like this? By the time you regain control of your limbs it will be too late." His weak laughter burned through my fog of confusion and I tried to shake off the effects of whatever he had done to me, but my arms and legs refused to respond. I managed to look up at the window and could see the silvery edge of the moon slipping across the opening, its argent light coming ever closer. With a groan I managed to shuffle forward on my knees till I reached the girl, wrapped my arms about her thighs and buried my face in her loins. My lips and nose were tickled by the soft fur as I clutched her tight, filling my senses with her strange musky smell.

"What are you doing, get away or you'll ruin everything damn you." 

But it was too late. The moon covered the window and bathed me and the girl with its hoary sheen. I felt my body tingle from head to toe, and the feeling grew till it was almost painful in its intensity. The girl whimpered and slumped across my shoulders as I rolled over into a deep stygian well.

#

My brain was fuzzy, but I could tell I was laying on something soft, a heavy weight lay across my loins, and my dick was buried in something hot and wet. I cracked an eye to see a curved back and a pair of round pale buttocks pistoning up and down with a squishing sound that sent juice flying in a steaming spray. The raw scent of sex that wafted up was almost overpowering.

My hands unconsciously reached down to grab her waist and speed up her movements. My dick felt like a steel rod and the velvet heat of her moist cunt seared its taut skin as I flexed my hips to drive deeper. I could feel her hands on my knees and a soft growl of pleasure rumbled in her throat. I groaned and something wound about my wrist and caressed it with a feathery touch.

Looking down I saw a tail sprouting from the bottom of her spine and that's what wrapped my arm. I was too far gone to care since I could feel my balls tighten. A tingle in my loins reached down to my toes. My whole body shuddered and I lifted my hips from the ground, the cum boiled from my balls with an explosive rush, rope after liquid rope sprayed her cunt, painting her womb with my viscous seed. I felt back depleted and the unknown girl collapsed while her own body shivered, her large heavy breast pressed against my thighs

I struggled to catch my breath, and only then did I realize I lay atop a bed of thick moss in an unknown forest, and there was no sign of my weapons or clothes.

"Who are you and where am I?" I pushed up on my elbows and saw that the lush figure was covered with a fine layer of short hair. That's when the memories came flooding back, the warehouse, the girl, the insane kidnapper. What the hell happened? The tail slipped off my arm and fell to the side, and I saw her bare foot. It was small and slender, shaped like a girl's, but padded like a cat.

Her head raised and her long brown hair tumbled down her back and two vees rose from her scalp, ears. When she cast her look back I could see feline slits staring at me, her small muzzle beneath a pert nose wrinkled with a smile and her small pink tongue stuck out for a moment between small even teeth, except for the extra-long canines. "That was nice. Sorry, but I couldn't help myself when I woke up next to you."

Swinging off me, she turned and I could see her heavy breast tipped with large brown nipples, and her tan coat faded to white on her belly, gone were marks of the whip and traces of blood. The white fur rose up her throat and spread across her face, stopping below her eyes. She leaned over till her nipples touched my belly, and she then eased her way up my body till we were nose to nose. Her eyes fluttered and her lips met mine, her tongue slipped in my open mouth and the taste was deliciously sweet, even if the tongue felt a little tough.

"Mmmmm," she purred with pleasure. Her hand reached down to cup my balls and stroke my slippery cock. I couldn't help but respond. It grew with each stroke, and I soon became lost in the flood of my growing passion. I broke the kiss and drew her higher till I could nuzzle her giant tits, eagerly seeking a nipple and latching on. Milk flowed, sweet and hot across my lips, and that only drove my passions higher. 

"I have to do this." She broke my grip and spun around, pulling my swollen cock to her mouth while straddling my head. I looked up into her engorged pink slit leaking warm syrup. Without thinking I plunged my tongue deep inside, lapping at the honey like fluid, my thumbs butterflied her labia to give me better access and she pressed her hips down hard against my mouth while swallowing my cock.

My God, it was deliciously hot. The rough tongue wrapped around me and scrapped my glans and sent shivers coursing through my body. Her head bobbed slowly, twisting till I reached the back of her throat, then with some effort, I slipped inside till I could feel her nose press against my balls, and the vibrations on the tip of my cock were unbelievable. 

I was lost in my own sensuous world as I explored the inner depths of those tasty folds, reaching deeper and deeper as I lapped and scrapped at the sensitive flesh. Her tail wrapped around my wrist and tugged up till my thumb touched her smooth asshole. I took the hint and plunged it deep, which caused her to shiver. I worked it hard, sawing in and out in time to match my thrusting tongue, even feeling them rub against each other through the thin membrane between ass and cunt. 

Her head worked my cock, sliding off to the tip and plunging back down. Picking up speed as her hand jacked my spit covered dick faster and faster. My hips drove up, trying to force it deeper into that hot honey hole. The nameless girl moaned around the gag of my cock and sucked harder as we both climbed toward a body shuddering climax. With one final thrust I locked my hips and blasted another fountain of cum deep in her throat a she forced her hips down and flooded my mouth with her own sweet cunt nectar.

Panting, we rolled apart and stared at one another for a moment. My chest heaved and was covered with sweat and cum. I could see a trickle of mine leaking from the corner of her mouth, before she swiped it with her tongue. 

"Again, who are you and where is this place?" 

"I am called Neera and welcome to the world of Bourne. Right now I would say we are in the kingdom of Aquina, not far from my home." She explained with a sexy grin and I felt a knot forming in my belly when I realized I wasn't in Texas anymore.