 *Edit. Thanks for all comments pre-editing. I like criticism harsh and otherwise. I have re-read and adjusted.*

*

Chloe moaned in annoyance at the loud beeping coming from her alarm clock. Groaning, she got up and stepped over her roommate Liz, who had come home mere hours ago and passed out on the floor. College life was very different for the girls, while Liz studied beauty therapy and parties every night away, Chloe was studying architecture and engineering not exactly having time for parties with all of her classes. After having a shower Chloe put her mid back length brunette hair into a plait then put on her blue size C bra and matching panties, followed by her jeans and a red t-shirt. While not standing out like a cheerleader there was nothing wrong with Chloe's 20 year old body. She went to the on campus gym each lunch break and did a light workout. But it was her smart mind that kept most boys away, they never liked having a girl be smarter than them and the ones who were smart enough to match her were geeks who could not talk to a girl.

So most conversations she had were with those who did not know her. Especially as her flatmate was rarely home before 3am. Today was an exception when she returned to her apartment Liz was in a threesome with two football players one pounding her doggie style while Liz sucked away at the others 6 inch cock. Not even bothered Chloe put her stuff in her room and walked back out. Deciding to do some window shopping at the local mall, Chloe took two buses to wander around aimlessly before getting some food, as being a student left little money for indulgence.

Browsing a jewellery shop window she was admiring the engineering side of the rings when she noticed one ring that was severely different from the rest. It was from a distance a simple metal band, similar to a mechanical part, but up close it still was metal but unlike all the other diamonds on other rings, with this one the diamond was a part of the band. A ring of diamond flanked by metal bands that now that she was close she could see intricate engravings on the metal, all in only 5mm of width.

Chloe did not notice the clerk come over until he spoke.

"It's unique isn't it?"

Chloe jumped as his voice but quickly replied.

"Yes, it is quite the engineering feat making it like that"

"Ah but as you can see it comes with a unique problem. Because of its design I can not resize it and no one has bought it since my grandfather bought it 100 years ago"

"Wow! No one just bought it for a collection?"

"No my grandfather had a rule that it was to be sold to wear but it never fit anyone so it never got sold. Its beem here so long that for $100 I would sell it to whoever it fit. Would you like to try it on?"

"Sure why not?" Not like its going to fit, Chloe thought. The jeweller took the ring out of the case and handed it to her. Chloe slid it over her ring finger on her right hand.

"I don't believe it! It actually fits you." The jeweller exclaimed. "My father never saw it fit anyone and i was beginning to think it would be the same for me. Would you buy it?"

"I can't afford the $100. I need that for food."

"$50 and its yours."

"ok deal" Chloe then paid and left feeling a little overwhelmed but that changed as she realized that she was $50 short on her regular food budget.

Later back at the apartment her flatmate had left for a party so Chloe thought it would be best to get some sleep. For some reason she had completely forgotten about the ring and went to sleep with it on. No sooner had she closed her eyes than she opened them in a different place. She was still in her bed except in a field surrounded by trees but what concerned her was the man standing at the foot of her bed. He was what Liz would call 'a perfect male specimen'.

"Who are you?!" Chloe exclaimed.

The stranger smiled and said, "I am Mikhai, a warrior mage from an age long gone. I am bound to the ring which you are wearing, as such I am bound to serve you."

"So your like a genie?"

"Sort of, I am much more powerful then a genie. I used to fight demons but one of them bound me to the ring and I have been bound to serve whoever wears it. He was planning on wearing it but I had cast a spell on the ring that only someone worthy would be able to wear it"

"So I am dreaming this conversation?"

"No, you are in your mind, a visual representation of it. And I must say it is a beautiful mind."

"Thanks, but if you are real then why not appear in the real world?"

"Because you would not have believed me and attracted attention of others. This would create problems."

"Can you appear in the real world now so that we can talk face to face?"

"Of course." Suddenly the world faded out and Chloe opened her eyes to see her bedroom but no handsome guy. Rubbing her temples Chloe muttered, "What a weird dream."

"Oh it wasn't a dream" Mikhai's voice said making Chloe jump.

"Where are you?"

"I will appear momentarily." As soon as Chloe heard the word the ring glowed and a light blue mist went from the ring to the floor and Mikhai appeared as the mist moved up. 'Like a 3d printer' Chloe thought. It was only now that she realized that his clothes were something out of a Skyrim.

"Holy shit, you are real."

"That phrase makes little sense as shit is definitely not holy." Mikhai said smiling. "But yes I am real and am quiet capable of fulfilling your every desire, Mistress."

Seeing Chloe's funny look Mikhai clarified, "Since I am bound to the ring and your wearing it I am your magical servant, who is quite skilled in all of the arcane arts."

Chloe had only now begun to believe this sexy male's tale when she heard her flatmate arrive back at the apartment. Chloe glanced at Mikhai and hissed "Hide!" Mikhai vanished into a fine blue mist that seeped into the ring. At that point Liz had entered the apartment and from the gasps and moaning she was not alone. Chloe lay back on the bed and listened as Liz and tonight's lover stumbled across to Liz's room and got straight into fucking each other making no effort to be quiet.

30 minutes later Chloe realized that she was rubbing hey pussy listening to the two fucking in the next room. Moaning in frustration because she had not had sex for months she remembered that she had access to a handsome mage that was bound to serve her. Grinning, she whispered into the darkness "Mikhai come here" as soon as the words were spoken the blue mist returned and Mikhai was standing by the bed. "Yes Mistress?" Mikhai asked "How may I serve you?"

"I want you to fuck me." Chloe said "Fuck me like Liz is getting fucked."

"Mistress I will never fuck you like that because unlike the male next door I will not leave you in the morning never to speak to you again, but if you desire, I will make love to you so that your experience when told will make your roommate jealous." As he spoke Mikhai had crawled across the bed and was now on top of Chloe but had yet to touch her. Chloe gazed into his eyes as tears filled hers, no one she had slept with took her feelings into account. Mikhai stayed above her as if waiting for something, Chloe realized this and pulled his face down and pressed her lips to his.

Mikhai's tongue touched her lips gently as if requesting entrance. Chloe parted her lips in response and moaned as his tongue caressed hers almost lovingly. Mikhai's hands slid gently up her arms before sliding down her sides to her waist. There his hands slid under her pyjama top and pulled it up over her breasts, Chloe moaned as the cool air teased her nipples. Mikhai broke the kiss as he finished removing her top then his tongue teased her neck moving slowly to the gap between her breasts but never touching them his hands still gently stroking her arms and sides.

Chloe was a mess of emotion, she had wanted to be fucked like Liz was being fucked but Mikhai had thought of after the sex and now she desperately wanted him to fuck her but did not want his gentle caresses to stop either.

Her eyes shot open when his mouth clamped around her left nipple, his tounge teasing it for a few seconds before repeating on the other nipple. He then moved lower placing kisses along her taut stomach, his hands sliding her pyjama pants and panties down as he moved lower.

Chloe shivered as Mikhai's warm breath teased her pussy her eyes met his and he held her gaze as his tongue licked the length of her pussy flicking her clit at the end before doing it once more, all the while his eyes never left hers.

Mikhai then slid his tongue in between her folds flicking and twisting which soon had Chloe moaning in pure pleasure, nothing had ever made her feel this good. Mikhai kept probing her molten core till just as her orgasm was about to crest then stopped. Chloe's hands went to her pussy to finish herself off but Mikhai caught them and quickly pinned them above her head before kissing her mouth again. Tasting herself sent thrills down her spine.

Mikhai pulled away and Chloe watched his clothes vanish. Chloe's eyes took in his toned muscular frame and they widened at his cock. It was around 10" long, thick and her body shuddered with desire as it lightly brushed her pussy lips. He teased her entrance for a few moments then in one smooth motion slid it in to the hilt. Chloe's back arched as she orgasmed harder than ever before her mind going blank from the pleasure. As she came down from the heights of pleasure Mikhai began to slide in and out slowly but soon Chloe was meeting his thrusts with her own. As she began to feel another orgasm approaching she began to beg him. "Please....harder...fuck me harder"

Mikhai paused causing a moan of frustration but he said "Yes Mistress" and began to thrust hard and fast. Seconds later Chloe was screaming in pleasure "FUCK..HARDER...FUCK ME HARD...GOD YES...NEARLY...I'M CUMMMING!!!" Her pussy clamped around his shaft and her juices soaked his cock and the sheets as she orgasmed again but Mikhai kept thrusting causing another orgasm and another. He kept up till she had had 7 consecutive orgasms then slowed down allowing her to catch her breath.

Breathing deeply Chloe gazed at her lover and realized he had not been satisfied. Kissing him she said "Go ahead come in me. Fill me with your cum. I want to feel you cum inside me." Mikhai smiled and replied "As you command Mistress" He began to thrust harder lifting her up so her breasts pressed against his chest and kissed her deeply. A few minutes later Chloe was close to another orgasm and began moaning in Mikhai's ear "I am about to cum...cum with me."

As her orgasm hit, she felt his cock swell within her and his cum filling her, which sent her orgasm to such heights she blacked out.

When Chloe came to the sun was peeking through the curtains as the memories of the night before came back. She at first dismissed them as dreams until she realized she was not alone in her bed, Mikhai smiled at her when she rolled over and whispered "Good morning Mistress." Chloe smiled and whispered back "If that is how you fuck I might never put you back in the ring. I have never felt like that, you made me feel loved as well as gave me more pleasure than I have ever had."

"You are not my first Mistress but you are the first one I have felt completely comfortable with. Whatever you desire I will do my best to fulfil your requests." Mikhai said with a serious look. Chloe then asked "Are you able to keep me from getting pregnant from all the cum you filled me with?"

Mikhai chuckled "But of course Mistress." His hand made some fancy gestures and blue energy seeped into her abdomen. "There, you cannot fall pregnant till you request the spell to be removed" Mikhai explained. Chloe kissed him before jumping out of bed. She had just turned the shower on when she realized she did not have enough time before her class to have one. An idea popped into her head and she walked back to her bed saying, "Mikhai can you make clean me as if I have showered, do my hair and dress me for class." Flash of blue and she was dressed her hair in a perfect braid and wearing yesterdays clothes but they smelled brand new. "Mistress, you are beginning to understand what I am able to do." Mikhai said approvingly.

"Now umm... I think it would be best for you to return to the ring till we can come up with a background story so you can seem normal." Chloe said "Not that I want to hide you. I just need time to come up with a story as to who you are, how we met, what you do here. You get the idea." Mikhai looked at her with tears in his eyes and said "Mistress you are my first Master/Mistress to even think of making me seem like a normal human. All the others did was put me away and take me out when the needed something. I will return to the ring but I will mention that if you think about speaking to me we can communicate telepathically."

Chloe smiled and thought "that will be perfect" Mikhai smiled as he vanished "Very good Mistress. Just so you know I never told my previous Masters about using telepathy."

Outside Mikhai's spoke up. "Mistress what are those wheeled objects?" Looking around Chloe mentally replied 'Cars we use them as a mode of transport. You've never seen one before?'

'No mistress I may have been dormant for a few hundred to a thousand years. Even the clothes are foreign to me'

Chloe stopped outside the college library, in a hidden corner. 'Mikhai can you come out but change clothes to another males outfit.' Chloe mentally said.

Mikhai appeared before her dressed in denim shorts and a Star Wars t-shirt. "What is it you need Mistress?"

Chloe smiled and pointed at the building, "This is a library filled with books, while I am at my classes stay in there and read. Catch up on the times. We will keep in touch telepathically. Oh and in public call me Chloe."

"As you wish Mis...Chloe. I will gather knowledge and await your return." Mikhai replied before heading inside.

Chloe did not hear from Mikhai at all during her first class. At the break she thought/spoke 'Mikhai how is it going?'

'Good mistress I have picked up on the latest fashion trends, and pretty much everything on current events. I am going through history books at the moment. I am actually surprised that petty sleight of hand is called magic, and have noticed that very few people believe in magic, demons, faery, genies or any magical being for that matter.'

'All the better reason not to display your abilities too much. While I am at my last class come up with a back story on who you are so that you seem normal in a group environment.'

'I have already done that Mistress and will fill you in when you have more free time.'

A few hours later Chloe and Mikhai met outside the library. And walked down the street together. Chloe looked at Mikhai and asked"So who are you?"

"I am Mikhai Romanhoff. Of Polish descent. My parents moved here as teenagers. I lived in Oregon till moving her to LA to study chemistry, as I have learned plenty of other stuff and I made a small fortune on the stock market. That is me in a nutshell as to us meeting I thought it best to leave that to you." Mikhai then watched Chloe expectantly.

"Hmm well we met in a jewellery store and got to talking, and a few days later you took me on a date to a small diner. And now we are seeing how our relationship develops."

Mikhai looked confused "Relationship?"

Chloe grinned "To every one else you are my boyfriend. You are the first person who was not intimidated by my intelligence or my gender." She explained.

"That explains the cheerleaders being watched by the nerds, as is the term used by said cheerleaders. They seemed a little afraid of them for reasons I could not fathom."

"So if someone tried to find out more about you, would the find anything?" Chloe asked.

Mikhai smiled as he replied, "They would find all they needed. School history, birth certificate, drivers license. I thought of buying a house and car but I await your suggestion on what I should have. And as you are studying architecture I thought you might like to have a client who would not mind you experimenting with the design of his house."

"Are you trying to make fall in love with you? Because I just might." Chloe teased

"I only plan to serve you Mistress." Mikhai replied.

Chloe smiled "Lets head to my apartment and look at plots of land to purchase." As they walked Chloe slid her hand into Mikhai's and they walked like that all the way to the apartment building.

As they arrived at the apartment complex Liz net them on the stairs, on her way to her class. "Hey Chloe, and Chloe's lover, how did Chloe score you? Anyway Chloe, some weird guy is waiting for you he said you have something that belongs to him. Anyway see ya."

Chloe watched Liz leave then asked Mikhai if he knew who was upstairs.

"I think it is a wizard who detected my power but cannot pinpoint it, so he went to where he first detected it. He is human but is using magic to shield himself from me. My best bet would be that he thinks I am a genie or similar bound spirit and that could be beneficial as he does not on know what I am capable of." Mikhai replied.

"Lets not keep him waiting." Chloe said as she continued up the stairs Mikhai vanishing from sight. Opening the door she saw the man, dressed in black sitting on her couch. He smiled as he spoke. "Ah, you must be Chloe, and I must say congratulations on finding a genie. Now I am willing to buy him off you for 100 million. What say you?"

Chloe shook her head, "As tempting as that is I will have to decline. Now get out."

The mans smile vanished and Chloe found herself pinned to the wall by invisible hands. "Then I will just take it from you." He said his voice full of anger. Chloe just smiled at him and said, "He is right behind you."

Mikhai had warped into Chloe's room and now was standing casually behind the wizard. The wizard dropped Chloe and quickly cast a spell at Mikhai but the spell shattered when it hit causing the wizard to back step. "How did you avoid that?" The wizard asked.

Mikhai shrugged. "Probably because that spell is only capable of binding a genie or spirit to you. But on anything more powerful it has no effect. So what do you intend to do now?"

The wizard hurled another spell at Mikhai. This time Mikhai absorbed it and said, "Wrong answer." A circle appeared under the wizard, filled with an alien text. The wizard froze not by choice but horror shows on his face as he realized that he was not capable of breaking free because Mikhai was more powerful than he could ever be.

"Now what shall we do with him Mistress?" Mikhai asked Chloe. Chloe looked thoughtful for a bit before replying, "Send him away but make it so he cannot cast magic without intense pain." Mikhai nodded, "As you say Mistress" and the wizard vanished from the room.

Mikhai smiled at Chloe, "Are you trying to make me fall in love with you?"

"Maybe..." Chloe replied cheekily, "Just out of curiosity what are you actually capable of?"

"I can do just about anything you can imagine."

"So you could change my looks, travel through time, travel any where you want?"

"Yes, although you are beautiful already. Yes, but I prefer not to mess with time. And yes, instantly traveling has advantages but if people see you it makes life more complicated. I prefer not being noticed."

While he was talking Chloe pushed him onto the couch before straddling his lap. "I have only known for just over a day and already I feel that I am falling in love with you." Chloe said before kissing him deeply. Mikhai parted his lips allowing her tounge to play with his. There was no rush, just this gentle yet passionate kiss.

After a few minutes Chloe slid off his lap and snuggled up with him on the couch. Looking at him she asked if he could magic her laptop in to her lap. His eyes flashed as the laptop appeared on her lap. Opening it up Chloe began searching real estate sites for interesting properties, together the spent the next few hours viewing images of various locations.
