 Undelivered chapter 4 

As I sat later that night after bringing Daphne home from Hawaii I wondered if there was indeed a significance to Jared being the first second generation boy born from the 10. I discussed this with Jenna at length and yet it was a short conversation, her lusts had only being dampened not put out with this afternoons furious fucking. 

As soon as Daphne had closed the door to her bedroom Jenna had shut the hallway door and grabbed a blanket, she looked at me as she shed her clothes and slid on top of me lying on the couch. Her hands quickly found my rising member and she ducked under the covers and pulled the waistband of my shorts down, capturing my cock in her mouth and allowing her fangs to nip the sides, she quickly pulled them back in but continued to engulf the length of my shaft with her hungry mouth. It didn't take long to reward her with my cum, and she slid up to kiss me and lay her head upon my chest. 

"I feel so close to you now," she said quietly, looking down the entire time, "I wish ..." 

"Silence wench," I teased her, giving her a soft kiss on the top of her head and I lay my hands upon her back, "I don't want to ever hear of you speak about anything in the past that is not strictly involving you and I. We are here now, together, with a bond that can never be broken, I'm sure over the centuries we'll have a tough time or two possibly again but the reality is you are truly mine in every sense of the word." 

Jenna looked up at me with a tear in her eye, "Stephen, it's just, that I want you to know I love you and thank you for this gift. How have you managed to stay alive for so long? What is the Original 10?" 

I thought briefly before answering her. It was a long story and one that I knew she would want to hear. But I also wanted Daphne to hear it as well and as it was so long thought maybe I could tell them both at the same time the next evening. Telling her such she grinned and said that would be fine, and that maybe we could just go to bed, followed by a wink. 

I had missed this side of her for the last year or so, she had just never seemingly relaxed completely since she had returned home. Now I believed with the subtle mental implant I had provided as well as a renewed trust and bond she was comfortable. Hell who was I kidding she now felt the love and devotion as well as the power that I held and she knew that deep down I had been amazing to her. Yes, I patted myself on the back a little. I had seriously done amazing as I thought about the past and all that had happened and that I had proved amazing restraint with my pure vampire blood coursing through my veins all these years. 

Jenna dragged me out of my reverie as I sat there, "I want you to take me to bed Master," she stated with a throaty growl. 

"Oh so you want to play this game huh? Well," I said with a smile, "I want you down on your knees now my little slut." 

With that Jenna dropped down to her knees and splaying them wide she began to run a finger up and down her already wet slit and she pulled my cock free of my pants. She made a big production of licking, sucking and stroking me. Her eyes never leaving mine as she devoured every inch, an amazing feeling to feel your cock buried deep in your wife's throat and her swallowing around the head. Milking it, knowing that she was the sole object of my desire. 

At that, Jenna pulled back for a moment, "How have you survived with lust as strong as this all these years without just raping me daily or having an affair?" 

"Practice, my dear, 3000 years of practice and a lot of love and devotion," I replied. 

"Stephen, seriously, are you always as horny as this all the time?" She asked 

"Oh my darling, you are just getting a taste of it. I've been this horny as you are now for the past 3,000 years, and it is worse in a pure-blood male. Even Jared will eventually have this desire but I can teach him to tame it, and to find a good way to fulfill it." 

Jenna pulled back one last time with tears in her eyes, "I'm so sorry I put you through all of that, if there'd have ever been a hint of how powerful and how much in love with me you truly were...well let's just say I would have never doubted you, nor turned down your very ravenous desire for sex every night. Trust me it will not happen again." 

An even more renewed lust lit up in her eyes as she slid her mouth back down on my cock but it was my turn to do some tasting, playfully submissive wench or not I was going to devour her. I stepped away and began to lift her up, deciding to have even a little more fun I conjured up a window and stepped through it with her feet barely off the floor. I had maintained my home in the Corbetts, a mountain region in Scotland. It was actually a castle, one which had been there for nearly five hundred years now and was still in good repair. I had ensured that the home would be well maintained by employing the same family for generations. Of course they thought that I was the great- great ...well you get the picture, relative of the original owner. Normally I would spend many years in the home and then fake a death and come back with the next generation and slip back into the role. 

I had slipped back in a few hours ago and quickly set up a little surprise for Jenna. As I stepped out of the portal I laid Jenna down upon the bed and quickly shackled her wrists and ankles to the bed. She struggled and tugged but no amount of her vampire strength would get her free right now, I had made sure of that. I took her hands and gently kissed each palm. 

"Thought I want you in many different ways tonight, I'm going to untie you and take you home," I whispered, "there is plenty of time to explore and have fun but tonight I want something deeper and just a little more." 

I freed her but didn't take her home. Instead of ravaging her as planned, I gave her a deep kiss and made long, slow, passionate love to her. Whispering to her how good she felt and how much I loved her throughout the entire evening as we continued to moan and move against one another. There was no rush, only the time it took to cross from this place to our home which was nearly instantaneous. Jenna climaxed several times and only the blood she drew with her nails in my back and the time it took to heal which I drew out because I did enjoy the pain and the feeling that she left the marks on purpose. It was several hours before we stepped back into our bedroom at home again, secured with the promise that we would return very soon to play. 

The following morning was Saturday and the two girls wanted answers, so while Jared and Elly were downstairs playing I sat Daphne and Jenna down and began to tell them the full story. I started with how I had grown up, I'd had been taught hunting and how to farm very crudely. How back in my time there wasn't guns, farm equipment or anything modern like they have today, phones were still several thousands of years away. The girls stared at me in disbelief. They couldn't begin to fathom a time prior to any technology what so ever. He had belonged to a advanced race that weren't Neanderthal, or lost in their ways. They understood farming, and time, and basic elements of science but still were a long ways behind the humans of today. 

I shared how the change had come, and when I knew I was different. How I was able to function and how over the many years I had been able to feed off the people without changing them to vampires, nor give myself up. I also managed to figure out how to live off the blood of animals and livestock. Not allowing them to change either, I'd drain them and then use the meat, the fur every part of the beasts to allow them to not go to waste. In all the years sped by, I watched as my family grew, parents and friends passed away yet I never seemed to age. 

To prevent the inevitable questions I travelled making sure to not stay in one place for too long so that people wouldn't begin to suspect things. After about a hundred years of roaming I met another like me, Sabien, who was my oldest and dearest friend. We were the entire one freak occurrence with no explanation other than the one of the blood moon I have shared with you. It was the only one we have ever been made aware of and there has never been the same thing again in all these years. We do have a locator that is aware of all the vampires in the world at any time. He has mapped out their whereabouts and can locate them at any moment if there is any negative vampire activity in the world. We do try to keep a tight reign on things and if a group begins to grow too much or too fast in one area we quickly and quietly step in and take control. I promised the girls it was not like in the movies once again, that we would just visit and remind the group that anonymity was always needed and they could not create anymore for a few hundred years. Granted there have been times that this has had to be enforced, or vampires put down, but we always have tried to do this without violence. 

Jenna interjected asking if this is where the military aspect had truly started in me. If this had been why I had been successful over the years and if there was a reason I was able to excel in almost every aspect of whatever I had tried. I informed her this had been the years upon years after my first forays into the military life, but I would get to that. 

"Sabien and I travelled the world honing certain skills, experimenting and figuring out just how to survive. You must remember neither of us knew at the time if there were any others of us out there. We also didn't know if there was a finite amount of lifespan or if we were truly immortal. The first time we discovered a new ability beyond our lifespan and ability to live off of the blood of animals or humans for extended periods of time was near 800 B.C. We had been watching birds and bats a lot and wondered how they were able to stay aloft for long periods of time and distance. Sabien and I would follow flocks for as longs as we could before they would be out of sight. Then one evening Sabien wondered aloud if he could fly like they could. Without wings of course it was hopeless and we both sought ways to make this happen. " 

"It took months of trying," I continued," we ran and jumped flapping our arms like madmen, until one night I fell asleep dreaming I was a bat almost feeling the air beneath my wings. As I opened my eyes, I discovered I was aloft and much smaller and was able to flitter and fly. I searched for Sabien headed back to where I had began in my dream. In only a few moments I was able to locate him and figured out how to flutter above him, screeching. Calling out and opening my mind beckoning him." 

I related how he had come to wide eyed and in awe, and as I shared what I thought happened I watched him transform. We quickly learned after that how to do this at any time and how to change into different animals. Over the next few hundred years we explored the world. Travelling the continents and discovering tribes of people, throughout them. It was about then that we discovered another one of "us" a beautiful woman named Giselle. She was from what the future America's and she was Indian. This was when we discovered that no matter the language we could talk to each other through our minds. This telepathy was very useful in that we could communicate without speaking when we were around mortals, and also we unearthed the fact that we could "listen into" humans' thoughts but not communicate with them. 

Moving on I shared with the next few hundred years and the discovery of each of the original ten, with one exception. Laying out the details of each person and where we found them and what abilities they may have had different from ours and how we learned to share them. Not everyone was eager to join our band and leave their own place of residence. At least not right away, normally after 20 or thirty years they would find their way to us wherever we were residing at the time. We did travel quite a bit but we had set up a home base that every so often, usually in sync with so many moons that we would meet back up. 

"As we neared 1 A.D. the world itself was large but knowledge was still small. So when we heard of Jesus, we obviously had to travel to find out what this person was all about. One who born at under the stars and able to in future years bring about miracles. Upon approaching the area, our locator, Jeremiah, had said that there was another vampire close by. Visiting this Jesus, "Son of God", we discovered that his soul was very old; he had been "reborn". Now I've said I was the first to be able to truly be able to do this ability and into the incarnation I am in now. Well that much is true, as I am the first to will it to be done and been successful. It appears, Jesus, had stumbled into it almost out of fear. He had been hunted, staked and was near dying when he wished he was in another body and he described it as a "Woosh", where he had inhabited another body. 

We didn't stay long with him, not wanting to draw attention to ourselves, but he did share some of his abilities with us, of which, some seemed like sorcery. But as I stand here now sharing it with you I realize that it wasn't as unbelievable after the abilities that have been acquired. It was simply his way of coping and who knows maybe he did have a gift or two beyond our own. The resurrection was no great hoax. It was merely they had nailed him up with the spikes, bled him, which had weakened him so he stopped his heartbeat to once an hour until the beast within had been able to heal him which took three days. Of course he had been able to change into a small insect and slide under the great rock keeping him in and then his wrath had been great." 

I paused watching the awe over my wife and daughter's face but if I was going to share my story and the story of our kind I was going to lay it all out at once. They had questions but I told them to hold on. 

"Now the bible doesn't share this portion of the tale but Jesus did take wrath on all those that had gone against him. He reserved a special place in hell for Judas, one which none of us could persuade him from as much as we would like. He did drain the betrayer and then transformed him, but only long enough to bind him high on a mountain and letting him drain out the blood left in him. It took years for Judas to wilt and wither away. But a true death and aching to a vampire. Jesus had made sure that it would be a long slow death, because at the time it happened there was no limit to how much he could have accomplished, "alive", but now he had to spend the rest of his life away from this area and in seclusion. Wiped out of the history and the bible were the blood baths that ensued. Jesus had made sure he had control over the monks, priests, or whatever they were that controlled the writing. " 

"Don't get me wrong," I once more ventured, "but yes, Jesus was a vampire, a very powerful one and yes, he still is alive. That's one reason I have always questioned faith and religion. When you know that entire story you have to begin to question what else may be false in the bible. I do believe there is a higher power out there; although I may never meet "them", then how can you explain my existence." 

Once more the girls unloaded a rifle of questions, but I held them off just a bit longer. I told them that no, I hadn't seen Noah or an ark, nor had there been a great flood but I didn't want to put them off of religion completely so there may have been a time prior to our coming into being that this had all happened. I also told them of our years leading up to the Roman empires, and the battles and travels we had been through. 

"You see," I began, "our being immortal shaped us into great warriors for a long time. Many of us fought as great generals in the empire. We had little need for worry, for short of beheading us, or ripping out our heart, we had never died of disease, famine, stabbing wounds no matter how bad, or anything of that nature. We'd heal in a short time, sometimes having to move on to another region possibly switching sides so that if we had been badly injured as some men and not died there'd be no suspicion." 

"So when I've said I'd have loved to do battle with swords or have been a gladiator, well my ladies I have. Some of the greatest most fierce warriors and battles involved one or more of the 10 and the tragedy is that we could never share that down the centuries with mortals. Alas all we could do is sit back and smile at the tales being told of someone we knew or were in the years gone by." 

I took a deep breath before returning to the tale, "I have in one of a few storage places, weapons from over the centuries, which have been used, I have money and coins lost in my time. We are truly wealthy beyond your imaginations, but yet that has all been put away for safe keeping for so very long that I must be careful in retrieving it and trying to put it for sale or changing it in banks for fear of questions. How I would love to one day be able to just set out the treasure trove I had an either be able to display it or put it up for auction. To not have to hide because of what we are, to not have people live in fear of us. It is a hollow dream but eventually we may get there. " 

The girls asked their next round of questions and I managed to answer every question. They asked about the warriors, the battles, who I had been during the ages and where the homes were. They asked how much money we had available to us now and just how much we could access without bringing attention. Daphne had also asked if she would ever die or what her strange abilities may be once again. 

I told them that through the will I had left in place when I "died" the last time we could gain access fairly soon so that it would look legitimate to everyone that pushed the red tape around. I told them of homes on each continent, a few in the islands of the Caribbean and a few others scattered around. Twenty-five in all and each very well maintained by one family or another that usually had been gifted a home on each estate as long as they remained as caretakers of the property. 

"Each estate belongs to a different identity, and we have a lifetime to explore them. I can easily bring each one into our possession but I fear too much too soon would out us or make us moguls and while we will never struggle again we will not squander our money or property. But a little fun may be in order. I've been thinking that there is a way now to begin a company and bring each of the homes into a holding under one name though and avoid declaring our actual worth." 

"But daddy," Daphne questioned, "what about my abilities?" 

"I can try to start teaching you a bit of them now but it may take several years for you to grasp and for your maturity to hit and allow you to duplicate them. I don't know just how much you'll be able to do, we'll know more after we talk to Sabien and his daughter." 

It was a long evening and after doing a little research and deciding that it could be done, bringing all the homes under one corporation, that some of the hard life was no over. I excused myself and went to the restroom, once there I opened a window to the portal and stepped through it. Finding the coordinates to one of the safe places I had secured some of the more recent, between 60 to about 200 years old, stashes of money I quickly grabbed them and some bonds as well as a few jewels and bracelets for my family. Hopping back into the bathroom with a few bags I decided that a lot of the money would be easy to spend but some of the older money would have to be converted. The bonds I could take to a bank and cash in a few days and each one would bring nearly a hundred thousand dollars in today's time with the amount that they had been purchased in and with all the interest. I had four stacks of two hundred a piece of those. Roughly 80 million dollars' worth of bonds, plus I still had about seventy stacks hidden away. 
