 "Aquina? What the fuck is Aquina?" I demanded, still befuddled at finding myself in the middle of nowhere, or so damned close to it, it didn't make any difference. "And where are my clothes and weapons?"

Neera stretched, pointing her large breast enticingly in my direction, then flashed a smile of satisfaction before she spoke. "Aquina is a kingdom in a world that parallels your own, one with many subtle differences, such as having no humans. With you here you are one of a kind, and as for your clothes, they were unable to make the transition through the mystic portal since only organic material can do so." 

"I don't understand any of this. What are you and why were we having sex?"

"I'm one of the races in my world known as felina, and we were having sex because of the way you smell." She laughed, and it must have been because of the look on my face.

"Again, I don't understand."

Neera leaned forward and licked her lips suggestively, pressing her nose against my flesh and breathing deep. "It seems you humans put out a scent that drives my kind crazy, and we can't control ourselves." 

"Look Neera, I find you sexy as hell, but I need time to recuperate. Plus I don't think it's a good idea for us to be out here when we don't have anything for protection. If you know where we are we need to get to a safe place."

"That's no problem, my demesne isn't far. We can get weapons and clothing there. Although we might have to modify yours a bit, since you don't have a tail."

"I can see you're a funny kitty." Standing I reached down and offered her my hand, and when she took it I pulled her up into my arms. Her warm body pressed against and molded itself against mine, and the tip of her tail curled around to stroke my back, then slipped down to tickle the crack of my ass. I reached down to squeeze and caress her rounded buttocks so that Neera purred against my chest. 

With a sigh of regret, I grabbed her shoulders and pushed Neera back, then stared into those half closed eyes. Looking at her parted lips caused me to feel a surge in my loins. "Much as I want another go at that sweet pussy of yours, I think we need to go."

"You're right," she purred. "But I think it's time you gave me your name too, since it looks as if we'll be together for a while."

"Fair enough Neera. Dan Wilcox, Texas Ranger, or I suppose I'm a former Texas Ranger. I don't think that means much here, wherever here is."

"Then come with me Sir Dan of Wilcox." She took my hand and tugged me forward. We walked for several minutes under the all-encompassing forest canopy till we reached a road.

"Which way now?" I felt a little self-conscious being naked, and my feet were getting sore. She pointed and I followed, moving to the center of the road where a ribbon of grass ran that would be easier on my bare feet.

"If we had to come through a portal to reach your world, how did you end up in mine?"

Neera walked in front of me, her firm round bottom swing from side to side enticingly, her tail stuck up and its tip moved in a counter measure to her hips in an almost hypnotic rhythm. I was so focused on watching her I almost missed her comments.

"I fell into a trap set by the human in your world, all because I was arrogant and foolish. His plan was to use me to come across to our world, until you broke in and ruined his plan."

"How can I get back home?" 

"You can't, it was a one way trip. None here have the knowledge to open the portal, at least none that I'm aware of." After her short explanation I fell into silence, pondering what my options might be if I was to be stuck in a world full of sexy felines, and wondered if they were all as hot and tasty as Neera. 

"Halt and drop your arms by order of the Aquina Solicitation Society, and we are here to solicit your generous donation for a good cause, which is us." A figure of pink and white, obviously female, stepped out from behind a large oak and leveled a bow in in our direction, a thin mask veiled her eyes and a small cloth dangled from the belt around her thin waist. Other than a few pieces of jewelry, such as a belly and nipple piercings, and a string of beads about her ankle, she was essentially naked. She looked us over and started to laugh while lowering her bow. "Well, no use me telling you to empty your purses, since it appears neither of you have one."

"A lagomorph, I should have known. Don't you usually travel in packs?" Neera demanded while crossing her arms beneath her large breast, and her back seemed to arch slightly.

"If you want to call two a pack kitty cat, then we're a pack." 

The voice came from behind, and when I looked over my shoulder I could see another female that could have been a twin to the first, except for the dark patch circling her left eye. Long ears hung down the side of her head and nearly touched her breast, wound with colored ribbons and pierced with several gold rings. I might not know what a lagomorph is, but I know a bunny when I see one, and those two were hot enough to work for Hugh Hefner.

"You call yourself ASS?" I said.

"It's a work in progress." Pink and white shrugged, then marched straight up to me and grabbed my dick with her free hand. "You might have something of value after all, huh sister?"

Spot slung her bow over her shoulder and moved closer, till she could get a look at me. Her eyes widened with delight and her tiny nose quivered as she picked up my scent, and her hand joined her sisters. "How did a kitty end up with such a tasty hunk of man thing?"

"Get your hands off him," Neera hissed, her eyes blazing and her claws extended, ready to rend flesh. Pink and white spun around and slapped her bow aside Neera's skull and she collapsed in the middle of the road.

"Now that we have her out of the way, we can continue having our fun."

"Don't I get a say?" 

They each grabbed an arm and pulled me towards the side of the road and a small shaded copse, half hidden from the road and pink and white spoke. "Sure you do. Cherry or Berry, and I'm Cherry."

"I'm Berry," spot said. "Now do you want us one at a time or both at once?" 

They pushed me back till I fell on a soft bed of thick grass and attacked my dick. Four small hands jacked it while two hungry mouths leaned down and teased the head, lapping up my precum like it was ambrosia. Then they took turns, one sucking my dick while the other nuzzled my balls.

Unable to help myself, I grabbed the nearest set of hips and pulled them up till I was staring at a naked slit from which a pink numb protruded and an oily fluid leaked and dripped on my chin. As soon as my tongue made contact with hot little muff I heard a squeal. Then the cottony tail lifted up and exposed a tight little asshole that looked like it was made for tonguing. So I lapped through her soft cunt lips, across her smooth taint and plugged the tip of my tongue into the tight ring and shoved. The ring opened like a morning glory and I slipped inside. 

Cherry or Berry squealed as I probed her ass, and I slipped deeper and deeper with every forceful thrust while the other bunny girl gobbled my cock meat, the shit chute as sweet as new mown grass. Wrapping an arm about her hips to hold her in place, I shoved my thumb all the way to my Venus Mons into her slippery cunt. She arched her back with a whimper and thrust back against me so that I slipped even deeper into that velvet tunnel while her sister worked her magic on my rigid cock. She pistoned her head up and down, and her tongue wrapped around me like a liquid anaconda while filling the air with loud slurping sounds. 

"Sister, you make that cock sound so tasty, I can't wait to wrap my lips around it. Oh, and his tongue is magic licking my ass." She cooed.

The pressure was building in my cum heavy balls and I began to grunt in anticipation of painting her tonsils and throat with my milky seed. 

"Damn you, you lop eared bitches." I recognized Neera's voice and suddenly the sisters were rolling off me, squealing in pain. Looking up I could see a pissed off kitty leaning against a tree, panting, her hands crackling with energy. The sisters looked at her, screamed with fear and vanished in the brush.

"Are you all right?" she asked, pushing off the tree and stepping towards where I still lay sprawled on the ground, staring hungrily at my throbbing cock.

"You couldn't have waited a couple of more minutes?"

"Poor little guy, want me to give you a hand with your problem?" She stepped so she straddled my hips and squatted while reaching down to grab my still slippery dick and aimed it at her squishy cunt and slid down with a groan of pleasure. It was so hot and wet I couldn't help but thrust up in an attempt to bury myself hilt deep in her sucking folds.

Neera leaned forward and rested her hands on my chest and moved her hips, driving them up and down, and I couldn't control myself, I had been so close. It took only a few pumps before I blew my load, pulsing string after pulsing string deep into her cunt, till it leaked from those tight folds and worked it into a milky froth. 

With a gasp Neera collapsed down and nuzzled my neck, her breath a sweet wash across my cheek. I pushed her up and kissed her nose. "I think we better be on our way before those crazy sisters decided to come back."