 Chloe giggled as Mikhai drove the Porsche Carrera GT out of the dealership.

"I thought that the salesman's erection was going to break his zipper when you asked what the best car to fuck in was." Chloe said as she caught her breath.

"It nearly did when you sat on my lap in the nine-eleven. He forgot what he was telling me." Mikhai replied before asking, "Where are we headed now?"

"Hang on I will program the GPS. It's like an electronic map that gives you the best route to your destination" Chloe explained.

As they drove Chloe continued teaching Mikhai the road rules and pointed out things of interest along the way. Several hours later they were sitting on the hood eating Chinese takeout, looking out over the city from the nearby hills.

"Chloe, may I make a request?" Mikhai inquired. Chloe nodded with her mouth full of fried rice. 

"I wish to bind myself to you. I know you gave me the choice but in binding myself to you I will be better able to protect and serve you. Mages like me have always bound themselves to a Master, royalty and people of importance." Mikhai explained. "I feel almost purposeless being unbound. You can treat me as an equal still but I need to bind myself to someone."

"I think I would prefer you free," Chloe replied, "But if you think it is for the best then go ahead."

Mikhai turned to face her and took him of her hands, holding her fingers with her palms facing down. His eyes began to glow a soft blue, blue energy wafted down his arms as he began to speak in a language she did not know.

The ring began to glow as the inscription re-appeared. Mikhai's voice resounded in Chloe's mind, translating what he was saying.

I bind myself to your will.

Your will becomes my duty to fill.

This ring symbolizes our binding.

A stronger bind you will not be finding.

My power becomes yours.

Together we open any doors.

As he finished Chloe watched the glow fade and asked, "Did you mean to rhyme it?"

Mikhai smiled, "No the spell has always been like that. Most old spells rhyme when translated into English."

"So due to the binding, you get stronger?"

"I am able to cast stronger spells and you are also able to protected by my magic automatically." Mikhai explained as they got into the car. "So, my lady, where are we headed?"

"It's late so lets head back to my place and we will start fresh tomorrow."

"Sounds like a plan."

When they arrived at Chloe's apartment complex, Mikhai placed a ward on the car as an extra car alarm. As they arrived at the apartment door, Chloe noticed that the lights were still on and they could hear the tv as well.

'Interesting Liz I normally at some party this time of night.' Chloe thought as she opened the unlocked door.

As Chloe entered the apartment Liz turned the tv off and faced them. Liz then knelt on the floor, hands in her lap and bowed her head as she spoke. "Welcome home Mistress and Master, your slut is happy you are safe."

"Liz what has gotten into you?" Chloe asked, shocked and puzzled by her roommates actions.

Liz looked up at Chloe eyes sparkling as she replied, "This morning was a revelation to me. I have always felt like I was missing something after sex but no matter who or even how many I had, I never found what I was missing. This morning I found being treated like the slut I am made me feel whole. I have been called a slut during sex before and have been dominated before but you two together gave me purpose and a sense of belonging. So I want to be your slut, your slave, your toy. I need it this way it feels as if I am worth something."

As Liz spoke Chloe had sat down on the couch and now patted the seat next to her for Liz to sit. Once Li was next to her Chloe smiled as she said, "We will never treat you like a slave but if you are absolutely sure of your feelings then I do not mind having you as a sex toy on occasion." Chloe glanced at Mikhai before continuing, "However, Mikhai and I will still treat you as a friend most of the time. So what rules shall we put in place for you? My sweet Slut."

Liz shuddered at the last word out of Chloe's lips, obviously aroused at the idea of submission.

"Well, a safe word is a good place to start." Mikhai suggested. "That way she still can back out at any time when she feels uncomfortable."

"I agree. So what will be your safe word?" Chloe asked

"I would like 'Mackerel' to be my safe word, Mistress." Liz replied.

"I don't want to share my boyfriend with you all the time. So you will have sex with others as you normally do. However you may only do so with my permission. Agreed?" Chloe asked.

"Yes Mistress." Liz replied.

Chloe had a mischievous smile as she spoke, "Good, now you are going to find a geek and fuck him senseless. You are not allowed to cum more than him and you have to fuck till he has nothing left or passes out. Now run along Little Slut, I have a boyfriend to fuck and if you do well I will let you join us next time."

Liz sat still for a full second before replying "Yes Mistress" as she left the apartment to complete her task.

Chloe then straddled Mikhai and kissed him passionately. 

"All this talk of sex has made me ridiculously horny. I need your cock inside me now." Chloe said, her voice ending the last sentence almost in a growl.

Mikhai's eyes flashed and their clothes vanished. Chloe quickly grasped his 10 inch cock and guided it into her waiting pussy. Lowering her hips till she was fully impaled Chloe pressed her lips to his as she begins to slowly fuck his cock. Mikhai stayed still letting Chloe do the work his hands holding her hips gently to keep her straight.

Leaning her head back Chloe released a lusty moan. Her eyes widened as Mikhai's tongue swirled around her left nipple before sucking gently on it. Chloe ran her fingers through his hair as he moved his attention to her other nipple. By now her hips were moving quickly her crest of pleasure fast approaching. Mikhai paused his teasing of her nipples and began to thrust as well driving Chloe over the edge of Climax Cliff. Chloe body shook and spasmed from pleasure, Mikhai still thrusting into her molten pussy, keeping her in that orgasmic high for an extra few moments.

As Chloe came to her senses Mikhai stood up, keeping his sword in her sheath as he carried her to her bed. Laying her on her back he began to thrust again, Chloe eagerly began to thrust her hips to match his.

Mikhai thrust hard and deep but not exactly fast. However Chloe was filled with waves of pleasure at every thrust. What felt like an eternity later Mikhai thrust fast for a few strokes causing Chloe to orgasm again. As her pussy constricted around his cock he filled her with his cum. The sensation of his love juice filling her caused an orgasm to overlay the current one.

After a few minutes the double orgasm faded and Chloe and Mikhai lay together snuggling in post orgasmic bliss. Looking up at his face Chloe spoke, "I wonder what Liz is doing right now?"

"Would you like to spy on her?" Mikhai asked smiling.

"As long as I don't have to move." Chloe replied.

Mikhai lifts one hand in the air. Speaking in his magical language, he drew an oval on the air, a trail of light following his finger. Once completed the air shimmered, then rippled like water as Liz came into focus. Liz was riding a 9 inch cock her arms stretched out. Mikhai made a hand gesture and the view in the window zoomed out revealing that Liz had a cock in each hand as well. 

Sitting up Chloe asked, "Where did she go?"

"Shall I rewind the viewing, Mistress?" Mikhai replied.

"Sure" said Chloe as Liz went into reverse till just after she had left the apartment.

Liz walked down the stairs then once outside headed for the boys dorms but never got there. Between the apartment and the dorms was fraternity avenue were all the fraternities were located. As she walked along she paused outside one of the frat houses. This frat house was filled with nerd and geeks, the kind that cosplay and role play their favorite characters.

Liz went to the front door and knocked. One if the nerds opened the door dressed in chain mail armor and and a crown. Liz pushed him back inside and closed the door, she then knelt before him and said. "You royal majesty, I would request a fucking from you."

"Pardon?" King Arthur answered shock on his face as Liz found his belt and dropped hi pants.

"I need you to fuck a witches curse from my body." Liz replied keeping in character.

"Umm I don...." Was all Arthur managed before his 9 inch virgin cock was wrapped by the lips of the maiden before him.

It was not long before he shot his load into her mouth, which she swallowed eagerly. She licked his semi hard shaft, which was beginning to harden from her attention. It was then another knight arrived, "Oi Arthur, we are waiting on you. It's...." He faded out as he noticed what was happening. "Um why is there a girl here on D&D night?"

Luz smiled at him and said, "I have been cursed by a witch and His Majesty is fucking it out of me. I am certain that you can help as well." As she spoke she crawled to the newcomer and soon has his shaft in her mouth. After a few moments she stood and took both nerds by the hand and entered the room they had come from. She repeated her desire to all 10 present and then mounted Arthur, sliding his sword deep into her sheath as she sucked on another.

Mikhai then fast forwarded to current events as Chloe begs to ride his cock while watching her roommate being gangbanged. Liz glistened from the several loads of cum that had been deposited on her but these nerds were all on their third wind. Liz moaned around the cock in her mouth as the one in her pussy unloaded a fresh batch of cum into her overflowing snatch. The orgasming nerd took three steps back before passing out on the floor. No one noticed though as another took his place and slammed his 7 inch sword into Liz's cunt. 

Chloe had meanwhile cum twice while watching and asked Mikhai to cum on her face as she began to suck him into her mouth. Five minutes later Mikhai unloaded a huge load that coated Chloe's face. Cum dripped from her chin onto her breasts. Chloe began scooping cum off her face and putting it in her mouth. She continued her feeding frenzy until her body was cum free. By this stage Liz was lying amongst 10 passed out nerds licking cum from her fingers as she finished cleaning her own body. She put on some of her clothes but left her underwear for the geeks to remember this night. Smiling Liz left the frat house and headed back to the apartment.

"How do you feel she would react to find out our secret?" Chloe asked Mikhai

"By our secret you mean me being your mage?" Mikhai asked

"Yes."

"She would be shocked but I do not think she will lose her cool too much. If you plan to tell her when she returns lead out by telling her she did well with the 10 knights. She will the wonder how you know."

"Sounds like a plan. She should be here soon, shall we meet her or make her come here?"

"The submissive always comes to the master." Mikhai replied with a smile.

"Very well then" Chloe said as she kissed him briefly before they heard the apartment door open.

"Liz come here for a minute" Chloe called out as she heard the door close.

Liz paused as she entered the bedroom as Chloe and Mikhai were naked. Gathering herself Liz knelt and said, "What is it my Mistress?"

"You handled my request spectacularly. Taking 10 nerds at the same time. That was quite impressive." Chloe said as Liz's eyes widened.

"How did... Why.... How?" Liz stammered.

"How do I know? Mikhai is an ancient mage bound to me as the wearer of this ring. However I unbound him and he chooses to remain with me. We used magic to watch you the entire time. It was way better than a pot movie." Chloe explained.

Seeing Liz's disbelief Chloe turned to Mikhai and said, "Can you give her a nice cock to match her body?"

"Yes, Mistress." Mikhai said with a smile. He then moved his hand and sent a blue ball of energy at Liz.

As soon as the ball hit her Luz felt a warm sensation just above her pussy. Soon she felt her panties begin to tighten and she pulled them forward to see a small cock growing where her clit would be.

"Remove your clothes. I want to see." Chloe ordered.

Liz immediately removed her clothes without a thought and watched as her new cock grew past 5 inches. As it grew it stayed erect. It finally stopped growing at 7 inches. Liz wrapped her hand around it and tugged, causing pleasure to shoot up her spine. Within second she was jerking on it furiously until Chloe ordered her to stop. Reluctantly Liz let her new appendage go and looked up to see Chloe straddle Mikhai taking his shaft up her ass.

"Since you went beyond my order and fucked 10 nerds to unconsciousness. I want you to fuck my pussy with your cock as your reward." Chloe explained.

"Wait, so your boyfriend is a magician? And you are only telling me now? Wait. Have you cast spells on me already?" Liz asked

Mikhai smiled as he shook his head. "Just the cock."

As he replied Liz had crawled up the bed and now was face to face with Chloe. Chloe grasped Liz's dick and pulled it close to her pussy, guiding it. Liz took control and rubbed the head against Chloe's folds, moaning at the pleasure in doing so. Slowly Liz slid the head into the pussy, the sensation of the moist, warm pussy walls nearly caused Liz to cum right there but she held out till she was buried to the hilt. Once Liz was fully in Mikhai thrust into Chloe's ass causing friction inside her pussy which was too much for Liz, who came hard, filling Chloe with her girl cock juice.

"Is that all it takes for you to cum?" Chloe teased, "The nerds lasted longer than you did."

Liz's eyes flashed at the challenge and began to awkwardly thrust her hips. After a few minutes she had the technique mastered and Mikhai joined in. Chloe moaned and gasped as the two cocks alternated their thrusting, ass in, pussy out then ass out, pussy in. Liz leaned forward and pressed her tits against Chloe's as their tongues danced in each others mouths.

Mikhai pulled out of Chloe's ass and slammed into Liz's pussy, that was still there by the way. Liz broke from the kiss and screamed in pleasure as orgasmic bliss took over her body. Her cock unleashed a load of cum into Chloe, who came from the sensation. Both girls passed out from the pleasure, Mikhai silently undid the cock spell and left the two girls sleeping. He had some research to do....

When Chloe woke, Liz was still asleep and Mikhai was not around. Not wanting to wake Liz, Chloe used her mental link with Mikhai.

'Mikhai where are you?' Chloe asked.

'At my chemistry class. I have to keep up appearances. I made some eggs and bacon for you. They are in the oven keeping warm. It is truly fascinating how little you learnt over the centuries when it comes to chemistry. At least now playing with chemicals does not brand you as a witch.'

'I noticed you removed Liz's cock as well. I was planning on waking her up by giving her a blowjob.' Chloe thought teasingly.

'I could always put it back. So shall we go look at properties in about an hour from now?' Mikhai asked.

'Sounds like a plan. We might even convince Liz to drive us in her car. If she wants to come along.' Chloe replied.

'Well if she comes that will be the way to go, because the Porsche only seats two.' Mikhai agreed.

By this time Liz was awake and together the girls had breakfast and Liz agreed to drive them as it would allow her to come.

An hour later they were in Liz's car and heading towards a upper class real estate agency. This real estate dealt with movie stars and the like all the time. On the way Liz asked questions about Mikhai and his magic most were the same that Chloe had asked.

Arriving at the real estate the senior agents did not offer any assistance, as they assumed the trio were tourists and could not afford the huge mansions and estates on offer.

After a few minutes a young agent came over and asked if he could be of assistance. He seemed fresh out of highschool and had a 'Trainee Andrew' badge.

Mikhai smiled as he replied, "I am after some property. I am able to afford most of these but do not require something so large."

"I am a little surprised Sir that you can afford such luxury. You are dressed quite causally. Any particular items you are looking for in a property?" Andrew asked getting over his surprise quickly.

A senior agent overheard the conversation and said, "I got this Andrew. You can leave now."

Dejection showed on Andrew's face as he started to leave. Mikhai stopped him and turned to the senior agent.

"Sir, this gentleman is helping me. You had plenty of time when I first came in. But as soon as it became evident I had some wealth you tried to force him out. I am sorry but I will only continue with this agency if this young man is serving me." Mikhai said making both girls smile.

Flustered the senior agent backed off and Andrew was at a loss at what to do. Chloe decided to help him out by picking up a picture and asking, "What are the features of this house?"

Andrew promptly replied, "It has a ten car garage, swimming pool, tennis and basketball courts, twelve bedrooms..." He faded out as he realized his customers where looking at him amazed. "What?" He asked

"Do you have all these properties features memorized?" Liz asked. "Or where you making all that up?"

"I have been here 6 months without talking to a customer so I memorized everything." Andrew replied looking a little embarrassed.

"That is quite a gift there," Mikhai said before asking, "If I told you what I wanted could you mentally come up with options?"

"I could try, Sir."

"Very well, I am after a property that is quite large, large trees near the street, so you cannot see the house from the road. Building does not particularly matter as I can have my girlfriend design one to build anyway. So simply put privacy and space is what I am mainly after anything else is a bonus." Mikhai outlined. While he spoke Andrew looked thoughtful and once Mikhai had ceased talking began collecting folders on different properties. He placed 11 folders on the table and slid 10 of them towards the group before speaking.

"All those have large walls and trees along the street, however they are not large properties, most only are 2 acres." Andrew explained before lifting folder 11, "this one however is an old estate totaling up to 1000 acres. The main house is behind a hill that is covered in a small forest. The property comes with a small lake and boathouse. Lake connects to a river which in the connects to the Pacific Ocean. Most of the property was gardens and forest however a lot of the external buildings are in disrepair due to no one living there for long. The main house is intact however previous occupants have all said it is haunted and as such we have never been able to sell it."

After looking through all the folders Mikhai chose 3 from the main batch and asked to make an appointment to view them as well as the estate.

Andrew nodded and was about to motion to one of his seniors but Mikhai stopped him.

"I plan to deal only with you. You have earned that. So shall we go tomorrow morning say, 9am? We can meet you here and you can join us in our car." Mikhai said as he headed out the door with a lady on each arm.

On the way home Chloe was making out with Mikhai in the back when he suddenly pulled away eyes flashing making the car jerk violently.

"Sorry! I was too caught up watching you I ... " Liz stammered having nearly collided with another car while watching the duo in the back seat Mikhai's magic had corrected her error.

Chloe shook her head at Liz's actions before turning to Mikhai. "Can you use magic to change this car into a limo complete with a driver? That way Liz can join us."
