 Undelivered Chapter 5 

As Jenna pulled him into the bedroom a huge portion of her lust had been renewed. There was no longer a constraint on them with regards to money as far as he had laid it out. This had been a huge obstacle for both of them. It had always been a stress point and now with that weight lifted she felt a great barrier lifted from her shoulders. Could it be that they were now, "rich"? 

Jenna pulled him to the bed and pushed him onto his back. As Stephen looked up smiling at her Jenna ran her tongue over her lips wetting them. She quickly removed his belt and then devoured his cock as it sprung up through the opening in his jeans. She didn't know what have overcome her besides the relief of money and in that instant she knew that the right decision had been made. She bobbed up and down and held his scrotum in her hand, slowly massaging his sack. 

Stephen was a bit overwhelmed, by the intensity of the lust his wife attacked him with. He knew she would be turned on but this was out of the ordinary even when she had been aroused since she had been turned. Jenna's nails scratched up and down his thighs and she broke contact for just a moment and then looked up, "Cum in my mouth, Master," she begged. Quickly she lowered her mouth back down and began to suck and stroke him at the same time wanting nothing more than his cock to throb and fill her mouth once more. 

It didn't take much time at all for Stephen to climax as Jenna worked her oral magic on him. With their minds both racing Jenna pushed slipped her skirt up and then took Stephen's hands and placed it on the waistband of her panties, "Rip them Sir," she whispered. 

Stephen ripped the panties off and as she slid over him Stephen held her hips and thrust up hard into her. Taking her with the lust that was boiling inside, he may have just cum but he needed her again, never losing his erection. 

Jenna and Stephen flipped through several positions over the next few hours, climaxing over and over never stopping for a break. They managed to slip and slide their way through changing positions and rolling all over the bed. Finishing in the shower as Stephen pushed her up against the wall and took her tight ass. 

As the alarm went off a few moments after they both lay down, Stephen looked to Jenna, "You know you don't have to work anymore right?" he asked. 

"Well I guess I can take the day off today, we could go do some shopping and see what there is out there that we could splurge a little on. Maybe lunch and some shopping at VS and then see what else there is that we've always wanted but couldn't afford. '' 

As they walked through the house preparing the kids for school Stephen grabbed Jenna and nudged her up against the wall in the hallway. Kissing her deeply he caught the side of her neck with his fangs and bit down, licking her neck as he sucked in he slowly ran a finger up under her robe and slipped a finger inside her, catching her clit with his thumb and teasing her to a quick orgasm. As she caught her breath the door to the hallway opened and Stephen stepped in front of her to allow her to pull her robe shut as Jared slipped in, claiming he needed to find his shoes. 

Jenna giggled quickly and smiled at Stephen; she mouthed the words, "Just wait until they leave for school." 

Stephen had a whole different idea of where they were going to go shopping and exactly what they were going to do today. This was the first day of the rest of their lives, they now had basically unlimited funds for several years. Probably much longer if they were careful, but for once it didn't really matter at the moment, Stephen could finally access the large amounts that he had and be able to turn it into cash for use. The last time he had used any large amount of wealth had been well over a hundred or so years and before that he couldn't quite remember. He had managed to squander most of his money away and save everything so that eventually this would be the nest egg for him and his family. 

As the children left for school Jenna dropped her robe at the top of the steps and sat down on the table, tugging Stephen closer she began to kiss him and reached into his pants, pushing them down she stroked his shaft and tugged him closer. Her libido unleashed she slid forward to join them intimately. She rubbed the head of his shaft up and down her slit finally rubbing it hard against her clit nearly sending herself over the edge once again. When she at last slipped him inside her she climaxed immediately and began to let him take control and fuck her hard right on the table. 

Separating after their mutual orgasm Jenna smiled, "So besides doing this all the time what else do you want to do today?" 

Stephen told her to get dressed in something short sleeved and some jeans, but to also put in her bag a pair of shorts and a thong, reminding her that she would one day be able to adjust her size somewhat, but that he truly loved how she looked and felt. She'd never need change for him. 

As Jenna stepped out of the shower and dressed she felt Stephen's arms slip around her and suddenly they were standing on the beach in Hawaii again. Waimea Bay once more, watching the waves slap against the beach. He grabbed her hand and they quickly were across the island at the swap meet outside of aloha stadium. They were going to do a little shopping here and get some of the things they wished they could while they had lived here years ago. After picking up several pieces of art work and turtle the swap meet outside of aloha stadium. They were going to do a little shopping here and get some of the things they wished they could while they had lived here years ago. After picking up several pieces of art work and turtle mantle pieces and other odds and ends they were about ready to go. Stephen had found several Plumeria plants to take back with them and then with a quick pop they were back at home. Depositing their items they were quickly off to the next location. 

Stephen had popped them off to Aruba where they had vacationed after her first deployment and they walked through some of the malls and shops and downtown where there was another swap meet. This continued, with hops to the Bahamas, Jamaica, Seattle, and New York before the day was over. 

Finally they settled in and Stephen took her to a plot of land close to where they currently lived, showing her the property he told her they would soon have a huge home on the whole plot, fenced in and with indoor and outdoor pools. A nice soccer field off to the side, domed in none the less and also a greenhouse, now she could plant flowers to her hearts content and veggies and anything else she wished. Plus Stephen had already decided he was going to install a small spa on the grounds so that the girls would always have a hairstylist and nail salon as well as a masseuse and fitness center at their disposal. Yes, this was by far an extravagance but it all very deserved he thought. Stephen had existed for numerous years without anything extra and it was finally time to enjoy the wealth he had acquired. 

Jenna nearly teared up at the thought and extras that Stephen had managed to plan on. She couldn't wait to see what he had in store besides that. When he told her he was going to have several houses and grounds all built the same way so that they would always feel at home. Of course there would be a few differences but in the hole everything would be the same as far as lay outs. He had decided they would also add a small hockey rink just so that they kids could have some fun in all seasons. 

Through all of this Stephen still had a lingering doubt that things could still go wrong at some point. That Jenna would question her new life with him or one of the kids would denounce their being a vampire. There were so many options of things on his agenda that could go south but still he wanted to thwart that thought and move forward. In the days that come his doubts all fell away. Jenna was as loving and intimate as she had ever been before, more so if the truth be told. Also Daphne was so excited about her fledgling capabilities and she spent every moment she wasn't in school badgering him to begin to help her find her abilities. 

Daphne had one skill that was already quickly coming to fruition, her agility and speed were well above where it had been weeks ago, it amazed Stephen so much that he knew that he would very soon need to schedule the meeting with Sabien and his daughter. Daphne had been waiting to try out for the soccer team and she had failed to make the team last year. This year he knew she would make it, there was no doubt as she was training both as a goalie and as a forward, wanting to fall in daddy's footsteps. He was able to teach her and train with her as much as they could and soon he realized she was going to have to dial it back a bit or she'd be unstoppable. She could nearly score at will against even the adult goalies on Stephen's team when he took her out to play as his next season kicked in. Plus when she stepped in as a goalie no one but Stephen had been able to score. 

Months came and went and Jenna had decided to maintain her position at work until the houses were done and until she had decided exactly what she wanted to do. She had thought that perhaps she'd start a company of her own with Stephen helping and she'd be able to train him as well. But this would all take time. Their other option that seemed slightly more feasible was to open a few sports bars in the areas of their houses. If they could get them all up and running at the same time or overlap them by about a month each they could work and train the staff and then pop in or work at any as they deemed necessary. Stephen had wanted to do that for as long as Jenna had known he and she encouraged him to do so. To finally be able to follow his dreams as well as be able to have times to be lazy and yet never have anyone question their financial status once the businesses were up and running. 

Their lovemaking knew no limits now and at the drop of the hat they would be writhing in pleasure, exploring the boundaries that were no longer in place physically. Sex could be as rough as they wanted or as gentle as they wished. Bruises would heal nearly instantly and if there were whips or paddles involved the pain only lingered during the sex and then quickly was vanquished. Their limits were only in their minds. With both of their perverted minds set free now very little could go untried. No desire denied any pleasure unsought. It may have been the happiest they had ever been and there was seemingly no end in sight. It was truly as if the romance had returned via the change in Jenna and the money had allowed all the stress to be put behind them. 

One evening months later Stephen beckoned the family and then when everyone had gathered in the car he drove over to the new property, the only one aware that it was going to be done was Jenna, but she had not seen the land since the day Stephen had brought her here nearly a year ago. As they pulled up outside the gate he rolled down the window and punched in numbers on the electronic keypad. As the gate swung open they could see the glorious house and the buildings outside. As Stephen pulled up around the circle driveway outside the front door he had a giant smile on his face. He had visited the home yesterday and already knew all the little surprises in store for the family. Parking the car he quickly led them all out and up the steps to the front of the home, the gargoyles mounted on either side at the bottom and a frog on one side with a turtle on the other at the top. The great front doors were adorned with stained glass lions at the top and as they neared the doors swung open. 

Stephen had spent the past few months interviewing staff for the home and spa as well as ground maintenance and security. He wanted to spare no expense for any of the homes and in all there would always be staff and even when they were at one home the next would be well equipped and run with the tightest staff possible. He knew that they would want to cook on their own sometimes and be able to move about with the staff not around so he had ensured that there was complete understanding and that his staff would vanish if needed at any time they were notified. 

He lead the way up into the house and began to explain to them that this was going to be their new home. Stephen took time to walk them through each room. Making his way through the ground floor, the pool, the workout room, the arcade, the computer lab, the kitchen and so on. He showed each child their new bedrooms, each one basically a master bedroom suite in a house of normal size, each child had their own full bathroom, eventually as they got older and more mature a tv would be placed in each room as well, for now Daphne was the only child to have one. They each also had a full walk in closet to store their clothes and each room connected into a circular main room that had a large play area in it. 

Finally leaving the children to explore on without them, only with instructions to stay together Stephen led Jenna up the final flight of stairs to their floor of the house. He showed her the door and the code to get into their bedroom. Jenna gasped as she looked at the sheer size of their private floor. They had one whole floor just to themselves. As Stephen led her through their floor he showed her first her own closet, full walk in the size of the children's rooms and with a whole section already fitted with clothing and shoes galore, he also showed her the intricate shoe rack that would rotate and divide the shoes by color and however she wished to sort them. Then the real treat began, he turned her to the wall and punched in a code on the keypad there, a computer monitor and keyboard slipped out of the cabinet on the wall and opened with a program designed just as seen in one of her favorite movies, "Clueless". The program sorted her outfits, tops, dresses, bottoms, shoes etc... It all managed so that as soon as she uploaded a picture of her new top or piece of clothing it would process into the computer programs mainframe and did all of the work for her. He watched her face as she smiled and giggled. Then he led her on through their room. 

Stephen showed her all the "special" things now in their room, their bed, a huge California king bed with four posts, a canopy and netting around it for seclusion. It also had a large cabinet beneath the bed to keep a few toys for them. He also then led her into his own closet, pushing a button on the wall they watched as one of the other walls rolled back, Stephen led her to the door there and once again entering a code he pushed the door open as the lock disengaged. Then as they stepped through the door Jenna got a widespread grin, they had always teased about having one of these rooms, it was essentially a large playroom for just them, it had shackles on the wall and a small bed, benches, whips and toys on the walls. Basically a bondage room built with her in mind, it also had a small shower and large tub there for cleaning post coitus. Jenna was sure they would spend lots of time in this room just as they were exploring their new intimate life together again still. With no boundaries, no fear of being physically hurt if he got carried away, and nothing but pleasure to be enjoyed she was looking quite forward to the use. 

Stephen led Jenna out of the room and into their bathroom connected to their bedroom; it had one large shower with multiple heads on the wall so that they could enjoy a shower together or take one separate while each was inside the stall at the same time. He also showed her the huge sunken tub that expanded the length of the back wall of the room and the jets on the side of the tub. She would be able to lie back and enjoy a bath or they would be able to spend time to sink and relax together. There was no telling how much time they could spend in these rooms alone. 

Among the other rooms in the house were some for her small business that sold purses and bags and other items, with a computer in the room for just that. He had also given himself a master study which had several computers and an ipod jukebox for the times when he wrote. There was also a cinema room and a safe room. It was all amazing. When she inquired about cost Stephen told her that it hadn't even made a true dent in their fortune. At this point a year after the initial cashing in he had exchanged several more caches he had stashed and their net worth was nearly 4.5 billion dollars. A sum that had been questioned by the government but while he had all the documentation and had presented it to the IRS and the other banking companies there had been no issue. 

There was no desire to burn through their fortune but at the same time considering the fact that they were immortal and that these houses would be in the family for essentially eternity barring a disaster there was no reason to not give them every possible extravagance they could desire. Besides the fact that should they ever decide to sell the house the resell value would be enormous. Though Stephen doubted they would ever sell the property. 

As Stephen and Jenna descended the stairs the children swarmed around them sharing all that they had found in their explorations. They were all eager to go explore the outside area and the surrounding buildings on the grounds. In the time that they had been able to see a large portion of the house they knew that they were now definitely spoiled but it was not going to be allowed to go to their heads. There would still be chores and they also would be able to explore their abilities as they got them but that part was left to only Stephen, Jenna and Daphne to know at this time. 

Stephen once more took them through the house showing them the kitchen and then let them be introduced to the staff assembled there. A chef, with a sous chef, three maids, hairstylist, nail professional, a small grounds crew, and a two man maintenance crew and to their surprise a nanny, but one they already knew, she had a giant smile on her face as Stephen introduced Keri. 

The kids giggled and ran to her as well as Jenna, she looked at Stephen with wonder as Keri had just posted on Facebook about a new job back in this area but hadn't told anyone what it was yet. There could be no greater comfort for the two parents knowing that Keri would be with the children at all times and they'd never have to worry about them if they were away for an evening. Plus she would be a welcome addition anytime they entertained guests or if they did anything vacation wise. She was already a large part of the family and had been greatly missed while she had been away when she moved for a job. 

As they finished the introductions and went outside to survey the grounds Jenna could not help but smile as she realized all of their dreams had finally come true. At least as far as money was concerned. Stephen had also had a special area built off the house that had a wide open space but was attached to the house and there was no way to get outside of the domed area, inside it he had installed several trees and a large run for the cats they had so that they would also be allowed outside to explore. Also a huge area for his dog to play outside and always be contained, she had a large dog door for entrance and exit into her own room. Their turtle also had a small space to himself, a large tank that covered one wall in the living room, with a female of his species to join him and also plenty of fish inside the tank to feast on besides his normal feeding. 

All in all it appeared Stephen had managed to remember to cover nearly everything they had desired over the years, he showed them all the buildings outside, Daphne excited about the soccer field indoors and Jared thrilled at the ice rink set up with hockey goals and snack bars. Jenna and the girls fawned over the spa area and the salon specials. She could see that he had been planning all of this for a very long time. 
