 Chad lifted his leg to cross it over the other. That's when he nudged the stranger's foot. 

"Sorry," he said.

The woman dismissed the apology with the slightest shake of her head. Then she smiled at something she was reading. That's when he really took notice of her.

He'd seen her before in the supermarket on the Moon. Because of her unusual height, he assumed she had been born there, where the low gravity allowed humans to grow to Amazonian proportions. But now he knew she was an Earthling. Otherwise she wouldn't be on this trip. Moonborns could never go to Earth.

She beamed when she smiled. She had intelligent eyes and her blonde hair was ruffled like she just woke up from a wild night of lovemaking. Of course, he looked just as unmade. There were no showers on the space lift, very little bathroom space, and you usually had to share a cabin with a strange family for three grueling days.

Earthlings living on the Moon had to make the trip back to Earth at least every three months if they wanted to efficiently counter the muscle degradation that occurs in low gravity. Chad always felt that going back to his home planet every couple of months was why he couldn't get completely comfortable on the Moon. Five straight months? Sure. Then he'd be able to acclimate to the dead gray scenery, the curiously sterile and cramped living spaces. Maybe even four months was enough to get used to it. But three? Three months only made what was supposedly his permanent home feel more like an excursion.

"You're a citizen, aren't you?" he asked the woman. "Not just visiting."

"Yeah. Married into it."

"Me, too." He sighed and glanced out the window of the cable crawler. "I might get a little too talkative, so just tell me to shut up if you want. This ride always makes me nervous, you know?"

She put her tablet down and gave him her undivided attention: "Do you want to know a secret?"

"What's that?"

"I'm afraid of heights," she said.

"You're kidding."

"Never been on a plane in my life. Never will be, either."

"We're a hell of a lot higher than any plane right now."

"Yeah, but this is different. It's like, I don't know, I feel safer on this. We're on this long, secure cable that's always attached to Earth..." She paused to find the right words.

"It's like having a lifeline."

"Exactly. And you hear about planes crashing all the time. So far, not one of these have gone down."

"That's true," he said, "but it doesn't mean this one can't."

She smiled. "You're the negative type, are you?"

"I'm a mathematician so I deal a lot with statistics. Flip a quarter three times in a row and it comes up heads all three times. What's the chances of it coming up heads on the fourth flip?"

"Fifty-fifty. That's elementary stuff."

"So apply that logic to the crawler we're on. Given everything a couple of laymen like you and I—"

"I prefer laywoman, actually."

"Right. Given everything we laypeople know, there's only two possible outcomes for the trip we're on. One, we'll land safely and uneventfully. Two, we won't. Since we don't know anything about the construction of this thing or who built it and a number of other factors, all we can really say, statistically, is that there's a fifty-fifty chance we're going to land a-okay."

She really showed her teeth when she laughed. "You are a negative type."

"Hey, just because we don't know of all the factors, it doesn't mean there aren't any positive ones. In reality, there's probably close to a hundred percent chance of us landing if you take everything into consideration. It's all about the perception, really."

"Unless," she said, "there are a number of factors unknown even to the people who could make a claim like that. Faulty o-rings, short circuits... gremlins. For all we know, there's a zero chance."

"And you call me negative. So what do you do for a living?"

"I'm a writer."

"That explains your imagination."

"I don't write fiction."

"What do you write?"

"Mostly web content these days."

"Nice. If I could work from home, I never would have gone to the Moon."

"Then I met Dan. That's my husband. I was up there covering space games and we hit it off, got married, and I've been on the Moon ever since."

"Your husband's an athlete?"

"Tennis player."

"Oh, no shit. Daniel Marvel? Is that 'Dan?'"

She smiled and nodded. "What's your spouse do?"

"My wife's a base technician. She monitors the computers, makes sure we're all getting enough air, stuff like that."

"A technician and a mathematician. Sounds like a match made in heaven."

"Match made on the Moon, at any rate."

The crawler dropped suddenly and the cabin shook. As quickly as it started, it was over. 

"Whoa," he said.

"That didn't feel good."

"What was that you were saying about gremlins?"

She laughed. "Oh, shut up."

