 All characters involved in sexual activity in this story are at least 18 years old. 

If you are looking for a quick wank, this story is not for you. This is more of a long intro to the main character, with information on some of his items and a little build up on background of the world he is currently in. The sex starts late in this part of the story. Hopefully you will enjoy what I have written so far... 

Characters: 

Alexius - Also known as Alex 

Mira - Kira's older sister and leader of their new branch of the Traveling Families 

Kitra - Mira's younger sister 

B.B. Legume - an other worldly manufacturing company specializing in products that make use of 

extra-dimensional space as well as more mundane items. Their products can not be 

bought from ordinary outlets. If you are lucky enough to have a copy of the 

B.B. Legume Product Catalog and Owner Manuals (Manuals is correct as each item 

you own adds its section to the book if the item requires a manual that is), you can order 

things from the book. Now here is the catch or Catch 22 would describe it better. You 

only get the book if you own one of their items. The technology used in B.B. Legume 

products is so advanced it is often thought of as magical and the name B.B. Legume is 

usually though to only exist in myths and fables on most worlds. 

Current world - no name for it has been mentioned as yet. It probably has a descriptive name such as 

dirt or earth or something similar. 

Nothing to indicate if it is a round world or flat world as yet, as not much as been seen 

of it other than dirt roads, trees fields and other mundane features. 

All roads mapped so far run straight, the horizon has been blocked by forest and hills. 

Wells - There seem to be wells everywhere, not everywhere but there are wells along all the roads, a 

slow moving wagon can find three or four well sites in a days travel. The Well sites are roughly 

equivalent to rest areas on modern highways and turnpikes. Well sites are there for the travelers 

to use, places to park wagons, corals for the draft and riding animals, areas you can set up a 

tent and fresh water from the wells, sorry no outhouses, find a local brush or tree away from the 

well site, preferably across the road. 

Literotica Editors that have helped the Author 

Stephen B 

***** 

* * Alexius * * 

And thus, with an accidental breach of the boundaries of time, space and dimensions, was my mind and spirit transported to where I do not know. I entered this world fully adult, a somewhat blank slate without knowledge of who I was nor how I came to this place. All I had left was a name. I woke to this world without past memories. 

I awaken to the warmth of the morning sun. I lay on a knoll under a spreading oak tree (at least I think it is an oak - that word comes to mind from some place). The day is fair - warm and comfortable with a slight breeze and a clear sky. Leaning against the tree near me is a pack, blanket roll, a long bow taller than I am, quiver of arrows and a belt with a long sword, knife and hatchet. I am dressed in a shirt of roughly woven cloth leather leggings, leather breach cloth and high top thick soled leather moccasins that came up to about half calf, laced up on the inside of the calf. On my forearms I have leather bracers 

Just beyond the foot of the knoll is a rail fence bordering the field and what appears to be a wagon track road, the road is either fairly new or its old and little used as grass and weeds grow around the tracks. The only sounds to be heard are the wind in the leaves of the tree and birds in the tree or seeking food in the tall grass of the field. 

I stand and gather my few belongings. Walking to the fence. I clamber over it to the side of the road, such as it is. Not knowing who I am or where I am I now face some choices without a clue as how to act on the choices, without a clue, or even a care to guide me. 

Standing at the side of the road, looking all around me, open fields abound up and down the dirt track. Not a building, person, animal (wild or domestic) or wheeled conveyance to be seen. Which direction should I head out in? 

I take my knife from my belt and kneel near a level patch of dirt, place the knife on the ground and spin it, letting chance take me where it will at least for now. My small blade stops its spinning and I look in the general direction the tip is indicating to the left and down the road. I pick up the knife note the keenness of the edge and re-sheath it at my hip, then proceed down the track to my left and let chance lead the way. 

After the sun has climbed about halfway to its zenith I come to a small stream with a wooded area gracing its banks. It seems a likely place to take a break and appears to have been used to this purpose frequently in the past, though no sign of recent use. There is a circle of stone blocks set for use of making a camp fire, a shallow stone lined well set back a ways from the stream so not to be disturbed or muddied when animals use the stream to drink, with a small roof to protect the well water from falling debris. 

I spot some large rooks nearby that appear to have been worked into a few benches and a larger roughly squared off as if to act as a table of sorts, I take off my pack, set it close to the table and sit at one of the benches to examine its contents something I hadn't thought to do before I left the oak tree. The pack is a simple thing more of a smallish leather bag with straps, capable of holding a few necessities and supplies in its main compartment and a few small things in pockets on the exterior, along with thongs to secure things like the bed roll and tent for ease of carrying. 

The pack has a number of exterior pockets, in which I find a small metal tinder box, flint and steel to start fires with, a bag off coins, a small box about eight inches long, three inches wide and two inches deep. The box had a hinge on the narrow end with a clasp on the opposite end so I assumed this was the top, the bottom had a thick piece of leather attached. Releasing the clasp and opening the top, letting it stand revealed a narrow mirror set in the bottom of the lid. The main body was divided in three sections - two running side by side about two thirds the length of the box, the third was a square across the end of the box. There was a straight razor and comb in one section, a soft bristle brush in the section next to it. In the square section was what appeared to be a block of soap. Closing the lid and making sure the clasp was secure, I set the amazingly compact shaving kit on the table with the other item so far discovered in the pack. From the same pocket I had removed the shaving kit from I remove another small box, a bottle and a collapsible cup. The box contains a bar of soap. The bottle has a label stating it is for oral health care: "Add one cap full to a cup of water, swish and swallow, also settles upset bowels and prevents indigestion." 

Carefully I place all the items back into the pocket they came from and release the buckles on the top flap on the main body of the pack to discover what is contained in the pack itself. With the cover open I see a small book attached to the bottom of the flap. I remove the book and look at the cover: 

B.B. Legume Product Catalog and Owner Manuals 

The small book seems to have only a few pages but as I run my finger down the table of contents the individual listings glow and the binding shifts to that section , strange little book it seems. 

At the back of the pack there is container with a threaded cap, there are two lidded compartments on each side of the pack , opening the lids the inside of one is chill and filled with various food items that need to be kept cold, the other compartment has various dry goods, (the book says that the food storage compartment extends into extra dimensional space, something about being bigger on the inside than on the outside and anything stored in extra dimensional space has no weight until it is moved into normal space). 

In front of the back container and the side compartments, is a folded square of soft cloth. The folded cloth is listed in the book as a drying cloth that is supposed to expand to the size needed by the user (OK, but in its current size it is not larger than a hand towel). The container in the back of the pack is listed as a water/drink container that has flexible tubing running out the bottom of the pack, running up through both of the shoulder straps ending in a pinch valve hidden inside a small slit in the strap. It can be pulled into the open with a small cord and extended up so the pack wearer can get a drink by squeezing the pinch valve and sucking on the tubing. 

Under the drying cloth is an article of clothing that the book calls an all climate cloak of protection. In its current shape it looks like wide brimmed soft leather hat. I will have to read up on that later. Next under the hat is a package labeled camp cook ware and dinner ware. Next a couple changes of the same type of clothing I currently am wearing, then a change of fancier clothing, a pair of dress shoes under which is a hard compartment in the bottom of the pack containing a few odd bits of male jewelry. 

After putting everything back into the pack and securing the buckles I check out the last of my equipment, the quiver has twenty-five arrows with assorted heads for fishing, shocker heads for small game, broad-heads for large game and bullet points for target practice and defense, five of each type. There is a clip bracket on the back of the quiver that lets it mount to a bracket on either side of the pack or on either side of my belt. 

Even though my primary hand is my right, with archery it is the archer's primary eye that counts. My primary eye is my left, so I shoot left handed and I attach the quiver to the right side of the pack. 

* * * Side Note: The primary eye is also used in shooting rifles and hand guns. With hand guns it is easy to adapt even holding the gun in your right hand its just a matter of a slight change of hand position. With rifles it can be more difficult especially with semi-automatics and automatic rifles depending on the direction the brass is ejected you could end up getting hot brass in your face. I know first hand of what I am speaking about in real life I am right handed but my primary eye is my left eye, my father was the same way. * * * 

The last of the equipment consists of a thick, wide leather belt. The back is about eight inches wide narrowing along the sides to about four inches in the front with a heavy silver buckle. My hatchet hangs in the center of the back section. There is a wide pocket that can be reached with my right hand containing strips of jerky. My knife hangs in its sheath near my right hip. It's a big knife with a blade like a Bowie, the sheath has a strap to secure it to my thigh. The long sword is sheathed to my left side so I can grip the pommel and draw the sword across body with my right hand. The belt has places that can be used to strap or place other items but I have described the items I have on the belt. 

Feeling well rested, I settle my gear back in place and using my unstrung bow as a walking staff I head on my way back down the road to see where and to what it leads me. 

Near the end of daylight I come to the end of the road I have been following. It ends at a juncture of another wider road - an actual dirt road this time, not a farm track such as I had been following all day. The path I had been following must not be all that well used or that well known as there was no sign post at the junction giving any indication of what was in the direction the road, or the tracks name if it had one. I again draw my knife, scratch a line ninety degrees to the road and place the knife on the line and spin it. It stops spinning pointing to the left of the line and once again chance leads me on. 

Just before sundown I spotted another well to the side of road and decided to set up camp for the night. I find a likely spot to set up my tent. After I have it set up I look around for some wood for my fire and soon have a small blaze going a few feet in front of the tent in a small circle of stones. I enter the tent to set up my bed roll and, to my surprise the interior is much larger than the exterior. It is as if I stepped into a small house with a kitchen, dining area, bath, bedroom and sitting area, all fully equipped and furnished, even the king sized bed is made. There appears to be no roof or outside walls, but I know better, as this is all inside my tent somehow. I am definitely going to have to read the manual on this tent. 

I make a plate of sandwiches, grab a mug of the mead I find in the kitchen and go outside to sit by my fire for a while and enjoy the early evening air. 

It is a nice night. The sky is filled with stars the fire has burnt down to barely more than glowing coals. Munching on sandwiches and drinking my mead, I hear something or someone coming down the road. As it draws nearer I hear voices becoming clear and the sound of some kind of wheeled conveyance. 

The voices appear to be joking, maybe a little tired, and female. "The well should be coming up soon and we can rest." 

"As they say, 'a day ends well at a well.'" 

"I thought it was, 'all ends well at a well,'" with more laughing. 

"Looks like the well is right over there. Someone has a fire going, so we won't be alone tonight." 

"It's always good to have company - new news and conversation to break things up. Let's get over there and settled in and see who is there." 

I listen and watch as a wagon pulls up. Two women jump down and proceed to get their draft animals unhooked and fed, I call out "Good evening ladies can I be of assistance?" 

The redhead calls back, "Just keep the fire going for a bit and we will join you soon." 

I say "Would you care for a mug of mead and a bite to eat when you are finished?" as I put a few more sticks of wood on the fire. 

Giggles come from the ladies. "The mead would be welcome to cut the road dust from our throats." 

I duck back into my tent, put mugs and a pitcher full of mead along with some cheese and bread on a tray and go back out to sit by the fire. I sip my mead and nibble on cheese while waiting for my company to arrive. 

I listen to the sounds the ladies make as they go about their preparations for the night - a lot of laughter and giggles. 

"We are almost done and will be joining you soon." 

I say with a laugh, "The mead is chilled and ready when ever you are." 

Laughter returns. "Chilled mead he says. We will have to see that." 

The other voice adds, "yeah, how do you get chilled mead out here with no ice? The well water is cool, but not cold enough to chill anything." 

The girls come over and one says, "alright, where is this chilled mead?" with a smile. 

I motion to the fire and the tray. "My name is Alexius. Grab a mug, and have a seat." with a grin. 

The brunette says "My name is Mira." 

The redhead says" I'm Kitra, her younger sister." 

The young ladies (for indeed they are young, well, at least young looking), sat and sipped their mead. A combination of pleasure and shock crossed their faces. 

Kitra exclaimed, "damn, it is chilled. Almost icy!" 

"I don't care for ice in drinks, it just dilutes them." I laughed. 

Mira asked "How do you get chilled drinks out here in the middle of nowhere?" 

"From the cooler in my kitchen." 

Mira laughed, "Right, you have a kitchen. And where is this kitchen? You don't even have a wagon." 

I point to my tent "It's in there, along with a sitting area, bath and bedroom. Probably more if I want it, though I do need to read the owner's manual to find out more about it. Go ahead and look if you want." 

"Yeah right, you have all that in your little tent. If you have all that in there, why are you sitting out here with a camp fire?" Kitra laughs. 

"Because I wanted to enjoy the evening air and see if anyone stopped. I haven't seen a soul since I started out this morning and was starting to wonder if anyone lived around here until I met you two ladies. That is why I am sitting outside at a campfire." I smile. 

"OK, I am going to look in your tent," Mira says with a laugh. She gets up, walks over to the tent, pushes the flap to the side and steps in, dropping the flap behind her. 

I offer Kitra some of the cheese and a refill of mead. We chat for a few minutes before she starts to wonder, "what's taking Mira so long to look at what's in your tent?" 

"She might have had to use the bath, or maybe she is checking out my bedroom and the king sized bed. You can always just go and check on her yourself; I will wait here till you get back." I smile and sip my mead. 

After a few more minutes and no sign of her sister, Kitra gets up and goes to the entrance of the tent. She pulls the flap aside and steps in. 

* * Kitra * * 

I gaze in shock at the tent's interior. It is as Alexius had said and more. The sitting room is close to the entrance. The kitchen and dining area are to one side, with three doors open off the back of the sitting room. Of my sister I see nothing so I call out "Mira are you here?" and I get no answer. So I walk to the first door in the back of the sitting area and open it to find a bed room done in a feminine style that makes me feel at home, even though I have never had such a room in all my days. There are a couple of doors on the end of the room - one a single door and the other a double door made of hinged panels. In the room itself, there is a large bed, two dressers and a table against one wall with a mirror. There is a chair pushed up to it and the table has several narrow draws in it and a small chest sitting on top of the table. 

I go to the single door at the end of the room and open it. I see a number of strange looking items - a basin with a mirror behind it, a large, rather strange looking circular tub set in the floor. In the corner there is a large cubicle with a glass door and two strange looking stools, but no sign of Mira. I go back to the sitting room and open the next door. It's another bed room in feminine style, though not one as pleasing to me as the first one. I hear water splashing, open the single door at the far end and walk in to see my sister taking a bath. 

"Mira what do you think you are doing? This isn't your house" 

"Now Kitra, what's it look like I am doing? I am taking a real bath in hot water. It feels wonderful. Besides Alexius lied to us, he said there was only one bedroom and there are two." 

"Mira you never could count very well. There are three bedrooms. Well, I assume there are three because the ones I have looked in didn't have a bed as large as he said his had." 

"Now Kitra I know how to count to three and there are only two bedrooms. But I just peaked in his and it has the biggest damn bed I have ever seen. It makes the one in this room look small." 

"Mira get out of that tub before you turn into a prune and I will show you there are three bed rooms." 

"Let me get dried off and dressed then", Mira get up and walks out of the tub and over to a wall rack to get a drying cloth as the water slowly drains out of the tub. 

I asked, "Mira, where did you put your clothing?" 

Mira answered, "in that cupboard there that says 'soiled clothing.'" 

I go and open the cupboard, "Mira there is nothing in this cupboard." 

Mira comes over and looks for herself, "I know I put them in there. Now what am I going to do? I can't walk around his tent naked or out to the wagon with him sitting at the fire. Kitra can you go get me something to wear from the wagon, please?" 
