 The following is a work of erotic science fiction. None of the characters are real. MF, MM, fantasy, slow, rom, size, gr, toy, md, fd

*

Ok, I'll confess. I always wanted a huge cock. I'm about normal (6 inches), but nothing extraordinary. What did I want? 12. I've always fantasized about being too big to fit in a cunt easily, and bottom out before she reaches the hilt. Knowing that she wanted it, even as I stretched her out and made her too loose to be a good fuck for anyone else. Feel the friction from my fat pole push her over the top. But not so big that I couldn't get into her ass when I want. A rock hard, foot-long cock. Is that too much to ask?

But it wasn't going to happen. The genetic code gave me 6 inches, not 12. From what I read on the Internet, nobody gets 12. 8 or 9 on rare occasions, but never 12. So I finished college with my engineering degree, took a tech job, got a small apartment and worked hard. Women ignored me, and I'd go home and beat off. Kind of pathetic, really. I had one girlfriend, Tracy, but she dumped me when I mentioned anal sex. 

The company went public, and I got some stock. No Porsches, no houses, no blondes. I put half in Treasury Bills and the other half in Apple. Now I don't have to work, but I keep my programming job because... well, I don't really know why. I'm an engineer, after all.

Then a couple of months ago, an ad caught my eye:

STUD FARM

Spend 6 months at our facilities in Mexico. We'll get you in shape, and offer you the drugs and the surgery you'll need to be a porn star. We'll teach you how to hold off for hours, and climax on command. Our placement service finds stimulating jobs as to all our graduates! Call: 1-800-BIG-COCK. Satisfaction Guaranteed.

Hmm... 1-800-BIG-COCK? "Offer you the drugs and surgery you'll need"? What kind of drugs and surgery do you need to be a porn star? Why Mexico?

I threw the paper away, but couldn't get it out of my mind. What kind of crazy outfit is that? Well, their toll-free number was easy to remember, I'll grant that. So I finally worked up the nerve and called.

"Stud Farm"

"Yeah -- I saw your ad in the paper. Can I talk to someone in sales?"

"You mean admissions. One moment -- let me transfer you."

"This is Angela. How can I help you?"

"Hi Angela. I saw an ad in the paper for the Stud Farm and I thought I'd give you a call to find out a bit more. Where exactly are you located?"

"The Stud Farm is right outside of Cancun. We operate a residential fitness center that focuses on sexual performance, coupled with a job training program and placement service. Like any school, you need to apply for admission; the forms are on the web. There's an application fee of $1500. 

If you decide to apply, you need to come in for an interview. You fly to Cancun, we pick you up at the airport and take you to our facility for an overnight stay. We give you a physical, and talk about your goals. Admission decisions are based on your age, general fitness level, and financials. But even those that aren't accepted say they had a good time during their visit. Would you mind giving me your name?

"I'm Bob Franklin.

"Pleased to meet you, Bob. If you are accepted, we'll design a customized program just for you -- the right mix of diet and exercise to get you in shape. You'll take classes that include very personalized instruction. At the end of the program, our placement service is available to get work for you in the adult film industry, or as a male escort or model if you prefer that.

"Hmm... could you explain the bit about "the drugs and the surgery you'll need to be a porn star"? 

Well, if you want to be in the adult film business, the studios want guys with huge cocks. 8 inches is the minimum, 10 inches is better. Since guys aren't usually that big, we give you a mix of hormones and other drugs to make your cock grow, then taper off the drugs when you reach the size you want. They have high fitness standards too. Muscles are important, but you also need a body fat percentage below 10%. That takes a lot of work in the gym, and careful management of your diet. We provide all of these services for you.

But if you want to be a male escort, most prospective employers don't want men with a huge cock -- it is just too uncomfortable. An inch or two more is all that's needed. In that case, you'll spend less time on medications, and you'll focus more on classes that teach you how to be a spectacular lover. Most guys have some plastic surgery done, since diet and exercise are rarely enough. Of course, that's completely optional. 

The process usually takes 5-8 months - prospective male escorts usually fall at the shorter end of the range, while those pursuing a career in the adult film industry take longer. Younger guys in great shape that already have big cocks take less time. If you're over 35, have higher body fat, or have a smaller cock, you should expect to take longer.

Our fees vary, and are based on how much work you require. The residential program costs $8,000 a month, plus the cost of drugs and surgery. The residential program includes room and board, classes, and personal guidance from the counselor, fitness trainer, nutritionist, and staff physician. Can you take a 6-month break? Is the money an issue? We have some loan programs available for those who qualify.

"The money's not the problem. But I've got a job, and can't take 6 months off. And I'm not sure I'm convinced you're legit.

"That's ok. We can give you many references. But the way to find out is to come and see. If you're accepted into the program, you can defer admission until the time when you can spare the 6 months, as long as you start before your 40th birthday and your health doesn't change. How old are you?

"Me? I'm 28.

"Plenty of time. How tall? How much do you weigh?

"I'm 6'1 and weigh 195. Why don't you take guys over 40? 

"They don't respond to the drug regimen as well, and may not work hard enough at the gym. We don't take guys that are obese. 195 is ok.

"How can you guarantee jobs to all your graduates?

Angela chuckled. "Good question. The job placement service only works with our graduates - if you don't graduate, we don't guarantee you a job. About 10% of those admitted drop out before completing the program.

"But the placement service has a long list of prospective employers, and lots of empty job positions that they want to fill. These employers know that our graduates will do a terrific job for them, and we only send highly qualified candidates. Frankly, our graduates can afford to be very picky when choosing a position that suits them. As long as you stay in shape, the placement will work with you for years, making sure that you have steady employment. The positions pay very well, and we manage a retirement plan that enables you to retire (if you want) in as little as 10 years of work.

"I'll think about it, and give you a call if I decide to try it.

"That's fine. When you call back, I'm at extension 221. I'll look forward to hearing from you.

Chapter 2

The Application Process

Of course I thought about it. All the time. Could it be true? Could they give me any size cock I wanted? Get me a role in an adult film, fucking women with huge tits and a vacuum cleaner for a mouth? Time to beat off again...

Then you guessed it -- I got laid off in the next round of staff reductions at my company. Now I had a real problem. I had the money. I had the time. I'd be too old if I waited too long. So I called extension 221 again.

"This is Angela. How can I help you?"

"Hi Angela. This is Bob Franklin. We talked about 6 weeks ago, and you told me about your program. Looks like I may have the time in the next few months. Can I make arrangements to come down and apply?

"Nice to hear from you, Bob. Of course, I can help you with that. What time would be convenient? Is a weekday ok? How about a week from Monday?

"That would work. 

"Ok. Fly down on Monday, returning late Tuesday evening. If you give me your email address, I'll send you the arrangements. There's an application fee of $1500. Can you give me your credit card number?

A week from Monday, I was on my way to Cancun. Fly in on Monday, spend Monday night, and see the doctor and the counselor on Tuesday, fly home Tuesday night. Down and back. No big deal.

I go through customs with a small overnight bag. "Purpose of visit?"

What am I going to say? I'm going to check out the Stud Farm and see if they can give me a huge cock? Learn how to fuck for hours? NOT.

"I have a business meeting tomorrow. Unfortunately, I won't be in Mexico very long".

"That's fine. Have a nice trip.

I collect my things, and there's a driver holding a sign with "Franklin" on it. This guy is tan, trim, with the whitest teeth I'd ever seen. I hop in his limo, and off we go.

"Do you work for a limo company, or for the Stud Farm?

"Neither. I'm actually one of the students. I graduate next month, and the placement service found an escort position for me in LA. My employer has a big role on a TV show, and leads a busy life. She wants a chauffeur that gives great oral sex. So the last few weeks I am here I'm learning the chauffeur part and taking an advanced oral techniques class.

"You've been here for 5 months?

"Actually, it has been almost 7 months. I was 30 pounds overweight and never went to a gym. Workouts twice a day. Dental work. Liposuction. Lots of hard work, but worth it.

"Did they put you on any drugs? Did they work?

"Well, I came in wanting to be a porn star. I think everyone does. Went to a few filming sessions, and decided it wasn't for me. I had a 5" dick, and that wasn't good enough for even a male escort job. So they put me on the drugs for 4 months. They started phasing out the drugs when I reached 7", and stopped it completely when I got to 8".

"How did you get the job?

"The placement service arranged the interview. I flew to LA and drove to her house. I smiled at her, and she blushed. She was told I had an 8" cock, and wanted to see it. So I showed her my "qualifications", and we fucked for 2 hours. After 4 orgasms, she said I could have the job as long as I learned how to do a better job at eating pussy. She also wanted a pierced guy. So I came back for one more month to take the Advanced Oral class and get a ring put in my dick.

How do you check out a story like that? Call up a TV star, and ask her if she fucked her limo driver? Ask her if she hired him for his 8-inch cock and his tongue? Ask her why she wanted a guy with a pierced cock? I didn't really believe him, but didn't want to see his "qualifications" either.

We arrived at the Stud Farm. He dropped me off at reception, and took my bag to my room. Monica met me, and we went back to her office. She handed me a schedule.

"We're glad you're here! You've got an hour to unwind before happy hour at 6. Dinner is served at 7pm. We've arranged an escort for you tonight from the Bimbo Factory, our facility for women down the road. Natalie will graduate next month, and she's looking forward to making you feel comfortable and taking care of all your needs.

We require that people remain dressed during dinner. We share dinner with Bimbo Factory students, but they have to return to their facility on the 10pm bus. Natalie will be allowed to stay the night if you like, and that is a special privilege for her." 

"What do you mean, "we require that people remain dressed during dinner"? 

"We think that dinner should be about conversation and food. You're supposed to eat your food, not each other. If people started taking off their clothes in the dining room, it would turn into a big orgy of sucking and fucking before coffee. We ask people to wait until dinner is over, and use the appropriate facilities. We are civilized, after all.

"We don't serve dessert at dinner. All of our clients, both at the Stud Farm and the Bimbo Factory, are on strict diets that don 't leave much room for dessert. Instead, we have an optional activity scheduled between 8pm and 10pm, when the Bimbo Factory students have to go back on the bus. We call it the "after dinner gangbang". There are 6 lounges, 3 in the dining hall, and 3 in the residence. 

"Some clients don't feel comfortable participating in the after dinner gangbang, particularly at first. So there are semi-private facilities for those that prefer that. But you need special permission to bring a guest to your room. Natalie has that permission - she can stay the night if you wish her to do so.

"You have a full schedule tomorrow, so don't stay 'up' all night! Tomorrow morning, breakfast is served from 6:30 to 8am. You see the doctor at 8:30. Lunch is at 12:00, followed by the Admissions Counselor at 1pm. She'll give you an admission decision at that time, and schedule an admission date if that is appropriate. In the case you decide right away, I took the liberty of squeezing in another appointment with the doctor at 4pm to discuss your program. We will cancel the final appointment if you don't decide today.

"One other thing. The guests that come to apply for admission aren't always used to extended sexual activity. We can give you a pill is a bit stronger than Viagra -- it will make you hard for about 4 hours, but it will also make you very horny and enable you to cum several times. If you want it, you should abstain from sex before dinner, and take it with food. Would you like to try it?

How should I respond to that?

"Maybe - let me think about it. Do you give it to me now?

"Oh, that's not a good idea. If you took it now, it would wear off after dinner, just when you needed it most. Your waiter will ask you if you want one at dinner.

"That works for me.

"Thank you again for coming. We'll look for you at the happy hour!

I back out of her office, and head over to the residence to look for my room. After dinner gangbang? Ask the waiter for a high-powered ED pill? Never done anything like that before. And The Bimbo Factory - what's that about? Sounds like a Stud Farm for gals. Could that be true? I suppose they could put women on a diet, give them lots of exercise and plastic surgery. It's possible, I guess. Shit.

Chapter 3

Happy Hour

Armed with my room key and the literature, I find my way to the room. Wash up, glance at my watch. I've got almost an hour before "Happy Hour". I decide to have a look around.

I get an eyeful.

On my way down to the elevator, I pass a room 3 doors down on the right. The door is closed, but some chick's cunt isn't. She's yelling at the top of her lungs: "YES! YES! FUCK ME HARDER! YESSSSSSSS!" I pause for a few seconds.

"You STILL didn't come?

"Not yet, babe, but I'm close. I want that ass of yours. 

Some rustling, then "whatever you want. Let me roll over. There. You think you can get that big pole up my ass? Give me a go -- but don't stop till you pump me full of your hot, sticky cum!"

I decide to keep walking down the hall, get on the elevator, and go down to the first floor. I guess that gal got the "special permission" she needed to come to that guy's room. The Stud Farm is a weird place. Everyone seems to be getting laid all the time here. I go past reception, and find several lounges with big comfortable couches and a few large padded tables about 3 ft off the floor. What's up with that? Is that one of the places they use for the "after dinner gangbang?"

Out the door, and across the lawn, I make my way over to the fitness center. Looks like any other gym -- lots of weight training equipment and cardio machines. Mirrors on one wall, but only one restroom with showers. No women here, apparently. But over in one corner, there's a guy giving another a blowjob, and being pretty noisy about it. I can't help but stare -- I have to admit, the guy on his knees is pretty good. Deep throats the other one. The guy standing up is having fun -- stroke after stroke, he pounds the poor guy's face. Then he notices me.

"What you looking at?

"Uh.. nothing. Don't let me bother you." I turn and walk out. I guess it's considered bad manners to watch two guys go at it in the gym.

I look at my watch -- happy hour started 10 minutes ago. I walk over to the bar, and they've got a nametag waiting for me at the door. As I pick it up, a brunette hottie walks up. 

"Bob? I'm Natalie. I'm to be your escort tonight. I understand you're here to turn in an admission application and check out the Stud Farm. Welcome!

I know it's not polite to gawk. But I can't help it. Natalie has a huge pair of perky tits, squeezed into her short and tight red dress. The neckline plunges halfway to her navel, leaving her nipples covered -- barely. No bra, but she doesn't need one either. Flat stomach, great ass, all parked on 5" heels. Fat puffy lips and a pierced tongue. Looks like she spends most of her time sucking cock, and the rest of her time wishing she was. She smiles as I check her out.

"Uh... nice to meet you too. Where can we get a drink? Oh I see, the bar's over there." We start walking toward the bar. "Monica mentioned that we might see each other tonight. She also said something about a "Bimbo Factory". Are you a Bimbo Factory student?

"You bet. I'm excited to be chosen to spend tonight with you. I get to apply some of the things we've been learning. I'm sure I can show you a good time.

"Show me some of the things we've been learning?" Good grief! I've just met her, and she's flirting with me and telling me she wants to fuck. But I try to be polite. "That sounds good to me!" I lean over to the bartender, and order our drinks. He's another hunk with white teeth - I'll bet he's learning how to be a bartender at something like the Chippendales Club in Vegas. We make our way over to a table. "Tell me about the Bimbo Factory. How did you hear about it?

"Well, I was finishing up my sophomore year at Harvard, and really didn't enjoy my classes. None of the guys paid any attention to me. I was having lunch with some of my girlfriends, complaining about how the guys showed no initiative whatsoever. Then one pulled out an ad for the Bimbo Factory she had clipped from Cosmo. We laughed about it -- who would want to go to Mexico to learn how to be a bimbo?

"On a dare, I called their 800 number. They told me I wouldn't learn how to be a bimbo - I'd learn how to maximize my sex appeal and use it to get what I want. They'd get me in shape, and could give me some medications to make me a bit more assertive and increase my sex drive. Afterwards, they'd help with some career counseling -- help me decide if I wanted to return to Harvard, or try something else. I wasn't happy where I was, so I thought I'd give it a try. It's been great!

"Sounds like you're enjoying it. You mentioned something about classes. What classes are you taking?

"Exercise classes are required, and they make everyone take a nutrition class in the first month. We see our fitness instructor daily, and the nutritionist twice a week. Of course, we have to work out every day. You have to take a seminar on cosmetic surgery to figure out which procedures are for you. I've also taken classes on flirting, makeup, manners, relationship management, and hygiene. But the best classes are the ones on sex technique: Foreplay I & II, Oral I & II, and Positions I & II. Right now, I'm taking an Anal class and one on Sex Toys and Techniques. I believe that many of the same classes are offered here at the Stud Farm, but from a guy's perspective.

I had no idea you could take so many different kinds of sex classes. I decide to try and flirt a bit. "Is it all classroom theory, or do you do any lab work?" with a slight smirk.

She ignores the smirk - she takes my question seriously. "Oh, theory alone wouldn't be any fun! No -- the teacher spends 15-20 minutes describing what to do. Some hunk from here comes over and demonstrates on the teacher, and then we take our turns and practice. She offers suggestions, and points out when we do something wrong. Lots of fun.
