 Author's note: This is the first chapter of a story about traveling to a recently discovered planet. The story is plot-focused and isn't completely focused around sex but there is plenty of it. Throughout the story, there will be human/human, human/alien, and plenty of action. I hope you enjoy it, and any feedback is more than welcome. 

********** 

Teleportation was still a relatively new and incomplete method of transportation, which is why Felix, Liam, and Henry never imagined they would be given an opportunity to experience it. Not this soon anyway.

Henry had been working around this field of study for around six years. Considering this, it's not surprising that he was one of the first people to be considered for this feat. 

But Felix and Liam had no more knowledge than any other average individual in the late 21st century about any astronomical field of study, so why were they being approached by extraterrestrial scientists and astrophysicists?

Furthermore, why were they the only members from Invicta and Xenophon that were sought after?

*** 

Chapter 1: The Recruits 

***

Felix Mathews graduated high school a year early, and spent nearly two years studying law. Despite spending time traveling to many other countries during these two years, he was on track to obtain his degree early as well. 

Unfortunately, his parents and brother were killed in an attack by anarchy extremist while visiting family in New York, which lead to his impulsive dropping out of school. He immediately enlisted in the highest level of international militant corps, Xenophon, established by the Continental Unionization Committee (CUC), with the lowest level of acceptance rate (13%).

After four months, and nearly finishing the training, he was expelled from the program. Some of the other trainees started a fight with him during breakfast and he endeavored to ensure that they paid for it. By the end of the fight he had a few cracked ribs and a pretty impressive shiner under his right eye. However, he had generously responded by delivering a dislocated jaw, broken nose and eye socket, and a comma to his three assailants.

Normally a fight like this would only result in some lesser form of punishment, but Felix accidentally hit a sergeant who was trying to break up the fight. 

After being expelled from the program, he was soon approached by a member of Invicta. He had never heard of the group, even during his previous training.

He learned that this was arguably the most elite, private fighting force in the world. Most of the fifty members were ex-Xenophon, but many of the new initiates were less experienced.

This group of mercenaries was taking most of its contracts from the CUC, which resulted in most of their fighting dealing with anarchy extremist. This was the main reason Felix was so keen on joining.

After another half year of training and refining his skills, he was accepted into Invicta, and was the youngest person, at the age of nineteen, to do so.

*** 

It had been eight months since his initiation to Invicta. Felix was twenty and already one of its most effective members.

He no longer felt lost in the world, with the unexpected loss of his immediate family, likely due to his camaraderie with his fellow members of Invicta. (Having a total of sixty-eight, vengeful kills might also have something to do with filling that void.)

His platoon had just gotten back stateside after a month of executing a contract. Their mission was to locate enemy headquarters and extract a black box of sorts, containing vital information.

They were now back at Invista's headquarters (four levels underground, somewhere in Virginia), going through their "debriefing" with the captain.

(Debriefings at Invista usually consist of illustrative storytelling over a glass of aged, single-malt scotch.)

Felix took a sip from his drink as he sat with a sling over his shoulder. Even with the most modern, medical treatment, it would take his shoulder at least another day to heal.

He sat silently in the chair across from the captain's desk, as his lieutenant and good friend, Scott, sat beside him and finished giving an account of their previous feat to the captain.

"The last time I saw this guy (referring to Felix), he was surrounded by seven hostiles, with nothing but his KA-BAR," Scott continued, with an auspicious smile.

"Now I'm on the first floor, with the rest of the platoon thinking he's a goner, and he comes crashing through the ceiling from the old, broken floor above us with three of those fuckers. Two of them are already dead, and the third one lands next to him, while he's got his own KA-BAR sticking halfway out his back shoulder.

"Before any of us had enough time to recognize who in the hell these unidentified, flying people were, he rips the knife out of his own back, and practically decapitates that last, poor bastard.

"Then he looks at me with one eye swollen shut, nose obviously broken, spits out a mouthful of blood, and tosses me the black box. I mean this guy looks like he's been trampled over and shat on by a herd of buffalo, and he says, 'say what you want. I'm still prettier than all o' you ugly fucks.'"

Scott and the captain laughed loudly and Felix let one of the corners of his mouth curl up to form a small smirk. For such a secretive and elite organization, they really appear to have a miniscule amount of professionalism and bureaucracy sometimes.

***

A few hours later, Felix's arm was already feeling healed enough for him to take off the sling, so he and Scott met up with Marcus and Kevin from the platoon at a high-end bar. It was a Friday night and about time they had a night out at a bar that was wasn't falling apart. 

They sat at the bar listening to Kevin tell his story about a harlot he had met in Morocco. She was an exotic woman, and it was certainly an interesting story, but Felix was utterly distracted. 

Across the bar from him was a mesmerising woman, of whom he had seen turn down three, appearingly credible men already. She looked old enough to be in her thirties. Anyone who had approached her, so far, was obviously in their late twenties, but, considering his age, this just meant the more challenge to his endeavor.

As the last pursuant took his leave, Felix didn't waste a moment to grasp the opportunity. He grabbed his drink and took the newly, opened seat next to the goddess. 

She had long, dirty, blonde hair, and an aura of confidence about her. She was an even more impressive specimen up close. 

Her red dress revealed a voluptuous body. Her outstanding clavicle, skinny waist, and athletic extremities indicated she was extremely dedicated to maintaining a fit body.

Even with the modern, genetic modifications and medical, aesthetic procedures, she was the most remarkable woman he had ever seen; possibly even out of his league. 

In spite of her athletic characteristics, she had breasts that protruded impressively and a tush that would satisfy even the most concupiscent man. Definitely out of his league. 

"Felix Mathews. Pleasure to meet you," he said, as he took his seat. 

"Sarah Lewin. Likewise." Her voice was illuminated with arrogance; all the more tempting. "Your friends look like they're enjoying themselves," she said with a smirk. 

"They should be. It's been a long time since Father let us have a night out."

"You're all brothers?" she inquired, beginning to relax as she felt his palpable charisma. 

"Ha! No, no. Marcus over there is black. I'm afraid genetic modification hasn't come that far along yet. No, we're children of the catholic church on the other side of town. We're choirboys, can't you tell?" He replied, still unsure where he was going with this obviously fabricated identity. 

"Oh, I see it now," she responded with a smile and an interest to play along. "Yes, you're just some happy little church boys, excited to finally have some playtime. That explains the tattoos. And the profanity. And the scars. And the the muscles," she said with a flirtatious smile as she took a lengthy glance at his body, letting herself blush a little.

"Yes, Father won't be happy about that profanity bit. We'll be issued more Hail Maries than I know how to count. Oh, and the spanking," he said with closed eyes, like he was remembering a painful incident. "I'm starting to think this bar may not have been the place to come to," he replied with a sarcastically remorseful tone. 

"They spank you at this church?" She inquired with a laugh. "That sounds a little kinky."

"Oh yes, Father says it teaches discipline and obedience. But now that you mention it, he does always have a lascivious look about him when the time comes to do the deed." Then a look of sudden apprehension came over him. "You don't think-" His sentence was cut off by his own gasp. 

Sarah laughed with amusement at his acting performance. "Well you've already dedicated this night to being bad. If I were you, I'd make the most of it."

"And how do you propose I do that, Miss Lewin?" he asked, before taking a sip of his drink. 

Now it was her turn to be erratic. "By fucking my brains out, of course." Her tone was very sarcastic, but still made Felix choke on his drink.

A little caught off guard, he stuttered out, "All in good time Sarah." When he realized his comment lacked the necessary confidence, he quickly corrected his tone. "But I think I'm the one who's supposed to be making the advancements. You're coming on a little strong, don't you think?" He felt much better with the confidence restored to his voice and a devilishly impressed smile on his face. 

He was surprised and delighted to find that this lady, who appeared to be so decorous, was having as much (if not more) fun as he was with this story. 

"Please. Wait for the church boy to make a move? We'd be here all night!" She let out a dainty chuckle. "Come on, ladykiller. My house has a much better view than this place."

Felix was temporarily in denial that her sarcasm had seized, but he didn't waste a second to follow when she got up and started to leave. 

As she grabbed his hand and they continued to leave the bar, he looked at his comrades. They paused from their storytelling and looked with disbelief at the young, silver tongued devil. He gave a shrug, like he wasn't surprised that he was being lead by a true goddess, but in honesty, he was having a hard time trying to understand the situation as well. 

***

A half hour later, Felix found himself at Sarah's house (a mansion almost) looking out of a window from atop a hill and waiting for Sarah to come back from something she said she needed to do. The view she had mentioned earlier proved to be truer than he had expected. He was looking over the tops of pine trees that were made visible by the light of a full moon. 

The bed behind him was very large and covered with black sheets made of silk, yet the window was much larger. It made up the whole wall in fact, and did not even have a divider through it, in spite of its size. After a few moments, Sarah came back into the room. 

"Are you going to come over here and keep me company or look out of that window all night?"

He turned to see her and felt a short burst of adrenaline, like it was the first time he saw a naked woman. She was standing by the bed and had removed her dress. As exquisite as she looked in that red dress, she was even more remarkable in her lingerie.  

He could feel the blood rushing to his cheeks (as well as another place), but wouldn't let the sound of his voice send the same message of his blushing. 

"Well you took your time," he said teasingly as he walked over to her. She smiled and took no offense, especially after noticing his arousal. 

"What do we do now?" she asked with a hungry, sinful look in her eye. 

"That's a good question." He paused to think for a moment. "Do you have monopoly?"

She gasped with a surprised but delighted look on her face. "The jokes never stop with you, do they?" she said while giggling, then pushed him back onto the bed. 

After he took his clothes off (with a little help), she grinded back and forth on his member, through her lingerie, as they kissed steadily and deliberately. 

His hands moved slowly and continually from the bottom of her thighs, up to her waist, and finally to undo her bra. Seeing her perfectly round breast, he was immediately in bliss. She leaned over again, pushing her breast against his chest, and continued their sensual kiss. His hands quickly moved to her tender, voluptuous rump, and she stopped grinding.

Breaking the kiss, she slid down his body, kissed the head of his penis and looked up at him with a smile. He returned the smile before she swallowed as much of him as she could. She wanted him badly and he noticed. She started with slow, elongated strokes and went a little further every time. 

After a long moment of this, she sped her strokes up and took more of his length in so that he even felt himself penetrating her throat. Periodically, she would pause to take a breath. She continued like this for a while until she 'had' to have him inside of her. 

She got back into her mount position and intended to line his shaft up with her entrance, but he quickly sat up, held her body tightly to his, and maneuvered fluently so that she was laid on her back and he was directly over her. 

She let out a gasp in surprise as he did this little stunt, and it left them face to face. After letting her comprehend what had just happened, he finally kissed her again. Without lingering at her lips, he moved down and planted a kiss about an inch above her clitorus, which sent a short shiver through abdominal muscles.

He followed this with two more kisses on either side of her pussy lips. He wrapped his arms around her legs so that one reached up to massage her breast and the other assisted in his performance of cunnilingis. 

Her juices were flowing as he enjoyed going through his techniques that she obviously loved. After pulling the skin above her slit gently till it was tight, he slowly glided his tongue over her clitorus from the bottom to the top which made her shiver. After lingering here for a while, he moved his tongue to the bottom of her slit where there was the most abundance of ambrosia at the bottom of her sex. 

She would shiver every once in awhile which gave him the clue that she was close to cumming. 

He rose to his knees and inserted just the head of his shaft between the lips of her entrance. She was growing restless with anticipation, but he simply withdrew a little to massage the tip of his penis against her dripping lips. 

He did this only for a few seconds before she couldn't handle it. She leaned up, grabbed his buttocks, and pulled him into her as she screamed, "I can't take it anymmmmm-"

She was cut off by her own, loud moan of ecstasy, and her eyes rolled up before her eyelids shut. 

Now that he also felt a state of blissful release from being inside her, he began to retract slowly before pumping again and gradually increasing his stroke speed. 

After he established a steady pace, he stopped and rolled over again to his back and pulled her on top of him, never leaving his position inside of her. 

She began to rock back and forth and he could feel her juices dripping onto his pelvis. Sarah was audibly enjoying being on top. She quickened her pace and they could both feel the building of a much needed climax. 

Finally, she let out a scream and a wave of intense ecstasy flowed over both of them. She gave a lengthy push from her pelvis to his before collapsing on top of him. Her breasts pushed into his chest and she slid to his side until her head took their place on his chest. This was just the beginning to an exhausting night full of ecstasy. 

***

The following Monday morning, most of Felix's platoon was using Invicta's weightlifting facility, including himself. He was just finishing a set when the captain called his name from the gym entrance. Thankfully he was only beginning his workout, so he didn't mind the captain's peculiar timing. 

When Felix walked over to the captain, he turned to walk and queued Felix to follow. 

"There's a suit sitting in my office who'd like to speak with," he said as he walked. 

"May I ask what about?"

"His company needs someone with your skillset." He stopped now and faced Felix. "You know that I normally wouldn't even consider letting one of my boys go off on some operation that doesn't have anything to do with Invicta, but this isn't a normal situation.

"They're working with something important here, but it's not something I can just sign you off for. You're going to have to make the decision for yourself. 

"I've already spoken with him, and I've agreed to grant you leave indefinitely, as long as you decide to go. And like I said, normally you wouldn't even be talking to this guy, but this is a special circumstance."

The captain turned and began walking again. A few steps later, he added, "Also, his company's got deep pockets, so that made it a little easier to collaborate with them."

They turned the corner, into the Captain's office, and Felix saw the suit his Captain was referring to.

"Felix Mathews," the man said with a smile while extending his hand for a handshake. "Agent Wallace with the International Space Association," he introduced himself. "I'd like to talk to you about a job proposition."

********* 

Liam Miller was raised by his father after his mother left when he was five. He never understood why she didn't want to be apart of his life and always looked for his father's approval because of this. 

It was predetermined that he would go into the marine corps after high school like the men in his family for the past four generations. To his father's surprise however, he went to Xenophon after graduating.

Liam's father wasn't particularly supportive at first about his decision to serve in a force that wasn't strictly American, but Liam's determination to contribute to world peace forced him to look past his father's disagreement. 

This also helped him develop a sense of independence, considering it was the first major decision he made that wasn't intended to gain approval. 

He moved up the ranks pretty quickly in the Xenophon. He was introduced to an extensive amount of action, even for a soldier of Xenophon. This experience is what allowed him to become a sergeant shortly after turning twenty-one. 

***

Liam and his platoon had just finished a paratroop mission in Libya and were back at their base in Britain. It was a successful mission and they were all going to the nearest club to celebrate. 

To their delight, they found that they weren't the only ones celebrating in the area. When they entered the nightclub, they saw that there was a large group of girls in their twenties for some special event.

All of the guys in the platoon almost immediately went to check their chances with these gorgeous little creatures. It was like like a boys summer camp finally got the chance to mingle with the girls from the other side of the lake.

Liam saw where he thought looked like the top of the social hierarchy and decided to jump in. He walked over to a few girls talking to each other, who knew they were too hot for most of the new additions to the party. 

The girl on the left was a gorgeous, fitness model who was always at the gym. The girl in the middle looked like the winning contestant of a beauty pageant, and the girl on the right was a cute, petite blonde and was the only one there who didn't seem to be having the time of her life. 

He nearly had to yell to be heard over the music. "What's the occasion?!" he asked, gesturing to the little crown on the middle girl's head. 

"It's my birthdaaayyyyy!!" she replied, before she and the fitness model to her right let out a celebratory scream, "Whooooooh!!"
