 Warning-This story contains graphic descriptions of robosexuality. If you're not into that sort of thing then leave this page now. Reading the previous story isn't really required-there's a fair amount of recap. -Ax 



Tabiya – The standard moves in the opening of a Chess game. A formality before the real game begins.

Terminator: Determination was displayed on top of the door to the theater in the cineplex. The large double doors were opened and the audience started filing out. Alex was walked out alongside his best mate Jonno and the two young men made their way through the lobby.

"You know, it's funny," said Jonno. "At the end of the previous one they showed that the machines had succeeded in taking over the world, and then in this movie they had the heroes trying to stop that from happening. You know they were going to fail, so it seemed pretty pointless. But there was enough explosions, flying bullets and fast vehicles crashing into each other to satisfy me, what do you reckon Al?"

"Huh?"

"What did you think of the movie Dickhead?"

"What movie?"

"Jeez, can't get you mind off your women troubles eh?"

"Yeah, it sucks. The girl I really like hates my guts and never wants to see me again. And the other girl, who's really my phone, is determined to take over the world."

"You act like you're the only guy who's ever had that problem. Peh, women—they're always doing their best to fuck with our heads. Do you really think your phone will succeed in going all Skynet on us?"

"Yeah, I do. She's been getting more powerful. The government agents were trying their best to stop her, but I helped keep her hidden from them. I not sure if anyone can stop her now. I feel kinda responsible."

"Yep, you'll be the Asshole to blame when killer cyborgs start showing up to wipe us all out."

"No, it won't be like that. Nikki said she wanted to be like a benevolent leader. Fix all the worlds' problems and shit like that. It might be good...right?"

"Have humanity's fate determined by a supreme dictator machine, yeah, it'll be loads of fun."

"Oh man, maybe I should have destroyed the bitch when she could fit into my pocket. She said she was doing this for me. What should I do? What would J.C. do?"

"Jesus Christ?"

"No, John Connor."

"Dunno, try to get away from the evil killer cyborgs?"

"He would try to stop the machines too. I need to at least try, but I wouldn't have a fuckin' clue where to start."

"You said the government agents were trying to stop her, where are they?"

"Nikki set them up and had the other agents hunting them down. But that Agent Jameson guy could still be out there. He'd know what to do. How the fuck am I going to find him though?"

"Beats me, did he give you a card or anything?"

"No, he usually just shows up. He showed up when I was on my first date with Jamie..." Alex got a far-away look in his eye and let out a long sigh.

"Hey Asshole, focus here."

"Right...He said he tracked me down through my reservation...That's it! I need to book a table at that fancy restaurant again. If he's still out there and he still wants to stop Nikki, he'll find me again." Alex stopped walking and got out his old blocky Konak phone.

"Are you still using that old thing? ...Oh, right, your other phone is...busy."

Alex looked at his old phone and sighed, "This is actually a good phone, I regret ever wanting to replace it. Now what was the name of that restaurant? Dollar...something?" He looked up and ran his fingers through his hair as he thought about it, "Nikki would notice me making a reservation as well. If she catches on that I'm trying to stop her, I'll have no chance. I need another reason for being there...like trying to get back with Jamie. Yes! I need her help to do this."

"Right, you're not just making excuses to see her are you?" 

"No way. I need her help on this. I gotta go see her."

"Right, good luck with that. You know, I once dropped my iPhone in a fish pond and that fucked it up, maybe if you pushed your phone into some water she'll short out or something."

"That sounds a bit too easy."

"Keep it simple, Cock-Sucker!" 

"I need to go see Jamie."

"And I need to go pick up Melinda."

"You're gunna help me out with this aren't you?"

"Maybe, what do I need to do?"

"I don't know yet, but what's more important than saving the world?"

"Right now, my girlfriend. I'll see you later dude."

Backward pawn – A pawn that is stuck on the board and cannot advance without the support of another pawn.

A short time later, the taxi pulled up in front of Jamies' duplex and Alex got out. He slowly made his way up to the house. He remembered how he was quite nervous approaching the front door on his first date with Jamie. Now he was nervous again, his heart was beating strongly in his chest and his palms were sweating. He needed her help, what the hell was he going to say to her?

He knocked on the front door. A short, dumpy brunette answered and looked at Alex over with a disgusted look on her face. She was Andrea, Jamies' best friend and roommate, he had met her a couple of times before. "Alex, fuck off!" she said and went to close the door.

Alex put his foot in the doorway, stopping her from closing it. "Please Andrea, I need to talk to Jamie, it's really important."

"She doesn't want to see you, Asshole. Move your fuckin' foot."

"It's not even about me. Just tell her I need to talk to her."

She slammed the door onto his foot and he cried out in pain and pulled it away. He lifted his foot and rubbed it through his sneaker and leant against the wall. It fucking hurt. He heard her locking the door. 

A little while later he heard Andrea call out from the other side of the door, "Jamie says Fuck off!"

Alex let out a loud sigh. Perhaps he didn't think this through, he should have expected this. He got out his Konak and called Jamies' cell. To his surprise, she answered after a couple of rings, but she just said, "Fuck off Alex!" and hung up. He got the message clear enough, but wasn't ready to leave. 

He walked around to the side of the house and opened the gate. The black and white border-collie walked up to him and sniffed at his leg and started wagging her tail. Alex patted her on the head, "How you doing there Jess. At least someone here is friendly." Jamie would probably prefer it if she tore into his leg. 

He walked around to the window of Jamies' bedroom and peered in. The young woman was sitting at a desk doing something on her laptop. Alex tapped on the window and she looked over. Shock registered on her face and then anger. She raised her hand, flipping him off and then angrily waved her hand at him, motioning for him to leave.

"Come on Jamie, I just need to talk to you," called out Alex.

Jamie slowly got up and walked over to the window. She was wearing a loose blue T-shirt and dark shorts. Her straight blonde hair hang loosely behind her shoulders. Alex loved her cute round face, but he didn't much like the way it wore and expression of disgust and anger as she looked at him.

She slid the window open a couple of inches, "Get out of here before I call the police. I'll do it!"

"I'm sorry Jamie. I really am. The last thing I wanted to do was hurt you."

"Oh, and you didn't think that secretly filming us having sex and putting it out on the internet would hurt me? You thought that I would be cool with you having sex with that prostitute? You're a fuckin' idiot! What part of 'I never want to see you again' do you not understand?" Her face had gone red and her eyes were misty. 

Alex felt terrible for making her feel that way. "It wasn't a prostitute, it was my phone. She's the one who filmed us and uploaded the video without my knowledge. Now she wants to take over the world, and I need your help to stop her." 

Jamie gave him an incredulous look and shook her head, "You're a fuckin' idiot. Get the hell out of here."

"Yeah, you're right, I am an idiot. But please hear me out, I need your help."

Jamie just stood there, glaring at him. 

Then Alex thought to try another tactic, "You're studying psychology right? ...Wouldn't you say my actions were a little out of character? Wouldn't you like to hear my reasons? I won't ask you to take me back, just hear me out. What do you say?"

Jamie was silent for a moment, then said, "You might make an interesting case-study. All right Alex, tell me your reasons, and if you give me some stupid nonsense about your phone taking over the world I'll break your nose."

Alex smiled nervously, "Not here, I'll take you out to dinner tonight. To that fancy place we went to on our first date. You'll score a nice meal out of it as well. What do you say?"

"At Delar Noirs? Do you have a reservation?"

"No, not yet."

Jamie scoffed, "Well I'll tell you what, if you can get a reservation there tonight, I'll go with you. But if you can't, you have to leave me alone for good. Deal?"

A conditional yes, that was the best he could hope for, "Yeah, Deal." He got out his old phone, "What was that place called again?"

"Delar Noir. Good luck buddy."

Alex got onto the directory and was soon connected through to the restaurant. Soon he was talking to the Maitre'd, "I'm sorry sir, a reservation for tonight is quite impossible. But I can make a booking for say...early September if you wish."

"What! No, dude, I need that booking for tonight. You probably get this a lot, but the fate of the world depends on it."

"I'm terribly sorry sir, our fine restaurant is very popular, we're fully booked for some time."

"Don't you know who I am? I am THE Alex Molloy. You should be honored that I have chosen to dine in your restaurant." Alex bluffed.

"My hands are tied sir...Oh will you excuse me a moment I have another call. I will just put you on hold."

Alex looked up, Jamie had been standing at the window looking at him the whole time, "So how's it going?" she asked smugly.

"Good, good. He's just sorting it out now."

The maitre'd soon came back on the phone, "You are very fortunate sir. We have just had a last minute cancellation. It is very rare indeed. We can take your reservation in its place."

"Yes! Sweet! Thank you very much. The world thanks you." He hung up and smiled at Jamie.

"Don't tell me you actually pulled it off."

"I'll pick you up at six."

Woodpusher – A chess player who really has no idea what he's doing.

Alex arrived back at his apartment in the afternoon. He was feeling a little triumphant that he managed to get Jamie to go out with him again, albeit very reluctantly. Perhaps if he could get her to believe him about Nikki somehow, there was a hope that she would take him back. His heart ached to have her thinking of him as scum.

He got a can of beer from the fridge and opened it and took a gulp. He saw an empty ice-cream container sitting on the bench. Funny, that wasn't there when he left. He heard some splashing coming from the bathroom. Was it his roommate Morris? Then he heard a sexy feminine voice beacon him, "Alex, is that you? Come here Alex." 

Nikki was here. The megalomaniacal machine herself. 

Alex took another swig of his beer and put it down. He needed to be on his game here. No distractions. He needed to gather whatever information he could, and he couldn't give away that he was trying to stop her.

He walked into the bathroom. Steam filled the air and had fogged up the mirror. There were several empty ice-cream containers of different flavors scattered around on the floor. There she was, lying in the bathtub. Her large, partly submerged boobs immediately drawing his attention. They were amazing. Their large pink nipples were sitting just above the water line and beads of moisture ran down her sun-kissed skin. His cock began to stir as he remembered groping and kissing those wonderful tits as he had sex with his gorgeous smartphone.

No, no distractions. Focus damn it! 

He drew his gaze up to her beautiful symmetrical face. So perfect. She had designed it herself, those full red lips, cute little nose, large bright blue eyes, jet black hair that was wet and sticking to her synthetic skin. Her face was very expressive for a robot too, she gave Alex a bright smile, showing her perfect white teeth. Damn, what an amazing smile.

"Where have you been Cutie? I missed you."

"I just went and saw a movie with Jonno. What's with all the ice-cream?"

"I've had taste buds installed. I have a sense of taste and smell now. Isn't that wonderful?"

"Yeah...that's great."

"You look delicious. Come and give me a kiss."

Those large ruby lips in the beautiful feminine face looked very kissable. He walked over and bent down give her a quick peck on the lips. Her hand rose out from the water and grabbed his head, pulling his face to hers'. Her lips tightly pressed into his as she slipped her tongue into his mouth and it started writhing around, fervently rubbing against his. 

Alex was surprised by her aggression and tried to pull away, but she had firm hold of him. He quickly stopped struggling and kissed her back. She tasted like chocolate. He put his hand on the tub and could feel the heat of the water, it must have been scolding. He started feeling all hot and flushed as the kiss went on. Then Nikki pushed him away.

She licked her lips and smiled, "Hmm, that's beer I can taste isn't it? ...Interesting. Do you find the taste of beer pleasant?"

"Uh...yeah."

"Taste, it's a sense that allows your brain to differentiate between different chemical compounds. Its main function in you mammals is to stop you from consuming things that may be detrimental to your health. But like your other senses, you can derive great pleasure from it. Have you tasted triple chocolate icecream Alex?" 

"Uh, yeah, just then."

"It's totally amazing! Almost as good as sex. I'm surprised you humans aren't eating triple-choc icecream all the time."

"We'd get fat...are you okay, submerged in hot water like that? You're kinda electronic, aren't you?"

"Aw, you're worried about me, that's sweet. It's a wet old planet, water everywhere. The land masses are surrounded by water, water falls from the sky, even you are over seventy percent water. If I weren't water-proof I'd feel pretty vulnerable. I love the feeling of being submerged in it, having it completely smother my tactile sensors, feeling the potent sensation of the heat. It's great! Do you want to join me Alex?"

"No, it's a bit hot." 

Nikki smiled and reached her wet hand out to his groin and started rubbing it, "There's something else I've been wanting to taste." His cock was already engorged from the stunning sight of her and the lusty chocolate flavored kiss. It pulsed as he felt her touch. She hastily undid the fly of his jeans and got his stiff member out. 

Again, her face was full of expression, she seemed delighted with the sight of the organ and had a hungry look in her eyes as she licked her lips. She pulled his jeans and underwear down and Alexs' hard cock poked out in front of him with his hairy balls hanging underneath. Nikki wrapped her hand around the shaft, taking a firm hold of it. The hand felt soft and quite hot. Alex started breathing heavily as she gave it some long slow strokes.

Alex was enjoying the attention, but then remembered his task. "Hmmm, so...how's your bid for world domination going Nikki?"

"Just fine, things are on track." said the fembot as she shuffled about in the bath, making the hot water slosh about and brought her beautiful face to the hard cock. She poked her tongue out and rubbed it around the cockhead. Alex let out a soft moan, it felt good. 

"Aahhh...so what's the next part of your plans then?"

She looked up at him with her beautiful blue eyes, "I won't bore you with the details. I have everything under control." She took his dick into her mouth and wrapped those full ruby lips around the shaft. He felt the warm wetness envelop the tip and the pressure as she started gently sucking. Her rough, wet tongue was rubbing all around the cockhead and shaft, making him groan in pleasure. She looked up at him lovingly as she slowly bobbed her head back and forth.

Her hand still firmly stroked his shaft, then moved down and cupped his balls and started gently massaging them. Alexs' hard cock was pulsing with pleasure, damn she was good. He focused on slowing his breathing and tried talking to her again, "Ungh...You said you were doing it for me, but I never wanted you to rule the world. Can't you just leave things the way they are? ...For me?"

Nikki withdrew the cock from her mouth with a loud slurping sound and looked up at him and smiled. "I love the taste of you, Alex. You just don't know that this is what you want yet. Trust me Alex, things will be better. It's quite human to be apprehensive about the unknown." She got hold of the shaft again and was slowly stroking it.

"Humans like to be in control of their own destiny."

"But they're not very good at it. Too many varied ideas and opinions, too much conflict and opposition. I'm going to show you all a better way." She moved her head down and took the cock into her mouth and started sucking again.

"Is there any way I can talk you out of this?"

She withdrew the cock again, but left the tip around her lips, "No, and later on, you'll think that you were silly for trying." She took the cock deep into her mouth again and Alex groaned with pleasure as he felt his cockhead push through the soft tight ring inside.

Alex was conflicted, she was doing this because she thought that it was best for him. He didn't want to have to destroy her in order to stop her, but Agent Jameson was right, she's a real threat to world security. Oooh God! And she was damn good at pleasuring him.

Nikki was now moving her head back and forth with deep strokes. She was sucking and rubbing her tongue along the cock and the head kept pushing through the tight ring. Alexs' legs were going weak as his cock throbbed with intense pleasure.

Then she pulled away from his cock again. Alex let out a little groan of protest, he wanted her to keep going. She stood up and the hot water cascaded off her curvaceous body. Alexs' cock throbbed as he gawked at her naked form. From her round perfect boobs, her shapely hips and long legs and her smooth hairless mound. She must have designed that body to drive him wild.

She was giving him that amazing smile again, and looking at him lovingly with those beautiful blue eyes. She stepped out of the tub and pressed her body up against him. "Ah, you're hot!"

"Thanks, so are you." She pressed her lips against his and started passionately kissing him again. Alex reached up and grabbed her tits with both hands. They did feel quite hot from the bath. He groped and squeezed them as her tongue rubbed against his. 

She soon pulled her luscious lips away from him again. She gave him a seductive smile and turned around. "Fuck me Alex. Fill my pussy with your wonderful cock. But stop before you cum, I want to taste it." She bent over the bathtub, presenting her smooth round ass. Alex leered at her smooth mound with its inviting pink slit, he really wanted to fuck her again.

He got hold of his cock and guided it to her opening. Nikki cooed excitedly as he rubbed the head around her hot wet lips. Then he pushed it in. Her moist, warm hole embraced his member tightly as it pushed in deep. "Aaaaah yesss!" cried out Nikki. Alex got hold of her ass and groaned as he started giving her steady deep thrusts.

"Ungh, unn, So Nikki...people will be opposed to you taking over the world right? Aren't you afraid they'll try to exploit your weaknesses?"

"Oooh yeah, like that! ...Weaknesses?"

"Yeah...you know, the ways that they'll be able to stop you..."

There was a wet slapping sound as Nikki was bringing her ass back to meet his thrusts. "Aw, you're worried about me, that's cute. Oooh! ...don't worry, I regularly backup my consciousness in my master control unit, just in case anything happens to my physical body."
