 _______________
(Sexually Transmitted Xenomorph)
Part 2
_______________

Five days ago...

COMP ABBREVIATED AUTOLOG::

*init.tmfrm* Day 2 of Mis. B.3Q784 Current trans geostatic. orbit 35786km, Planet: Gliese 581 g.

++0400++ All primary and secondary contact with Seed Colony Kinawa 5, loc. N. hemi 28.60542°N 81.3839°W/ still in blackout / non compliance. 

++0635++ First initiated surface attempt/ Recon Sat Probe 3.1 authorized by Capt. J. Rivers]]dest. quad 4. std. info collection.

++1108++ Records indicate Probe 3.1 discovered a complete absence of human life in the outer settlement K7 & K8. 

++1334++ Settlement K4, probe CONTACT initated w/ extremely emaciated disoriented female settler REQUIRES MEDICAL ATTENTION -identification not DETERMINED-SITUATION BECAME HOSTILE. Physical contact provided appropriate time-frame for bio -sample retrieval.

++1415++ Probe activated emergency recall protocol.

++2024++ During Routine -r217.4- detailing of Probe 3.1 (Ld. Area 1.2), Captain J. Rivers -[med] expressed symp. lethargic / loss of consciousness. Medevac scenario initiated.

++2032++ Unknown scenario. A.I. initiated:: Lt. C. Whitney M.D. reanimated for further assistance/ analysis.

_______________

Present time...

I smelled food... and damn, was I hungry. My eyes opened up and her awareness surrounded me like a splash of warm water. I felt a jump of happiness emanate from the next room over. She knew I was awake. Strangely, I felt instantly comforted by her presence. And also horny.

Beside me was a huge tray of steaming food. The med-cuff had provided me with nutrients while I slept... but I still craved a solid meal. The doctor must have realized I would wake soon and had anticipated my hunger. I absently activated the F.T.I. while I wolfed down the food. Glancing at the clock I realized I had been asleep for several hours. 

I stood up to go to the bathroom and realized I felt really different. My balance was way off. Steadying myself, I scuffled to the bathroom. As I pulled aside my gown to urinate, I couldn't believe my eyes... my cock had gotten bigger again... much bigger. It was fucking huge! Soft, it hung down over 8 inches... it was longer than it normally was when fully erect! I finished, turned and switched on the mirror wall. This was incredible... I had always wanted a bigger dick. I mean, what guy doesn't? This was getting good! Examining my new length and width, I looked up.

Five days ago, I was 5'11" with a medium build and a plain face. The man I saw reflected was no shorter than 6'3". My entire body had increased in size. My stomach had developed a nice 6-pack, and the rest of me was toned and defined. My shoulders were broader and my face looked more chiseled and masculine. I was starting to look like a model. My eyes had turned bright blue.

My hand had kept on massaging my slowly hardening penis... I watched in amazement as my cock filled out and lengthened. My hand no longer fit around my shaft. My thumb and middle finger were at least a half inch apart. My erection stood out from my body at least a foot. I was having trouble thinking of anything except sex, release and ... her. I felt her need. And I suddenly knew my priorities had changed...

I walked back out to the display. Keying in the proper authorization, I overrode the quarantine containment to my room. The comp immediately started spitting out all sorts of warnings and recommendations. I quickly typed in the master command codes that put the whole ship into standby mode. I noticed contact had been made with Core command, but no orders had been issued. Pausing, I considered the eventuality of a negative response to my current situation. My lust was almost overwhelming... but I had enough sense to cover my ass. I had always been a 'died in the wool' military man... but things had suddenly and dramatically changed... and I knew what happened to soldiers that found themselves on the wrong side at the wrong time. Hmm... it might be a good idea to safeguard myself from a possible bad situation.

Keying a complex series of commands and cascading sub-routines, I spent a few minutes setting up contingency plans and then locked the whole system to myself.

"Comp, do not disturb me unless it is an emergency," I requested.

The door released. My excitement was growing as I walked out of Med Lab 1 into the corridor and went to the door of Med Lab 2. She had followed my progress through the wall. I knew she was on the other side of the door. I sensed the excitement in her. Before I could deactivate the containment on her room, I felt a mind numbing surge of arousal and desire radiating through the door.

I realized I hadn't put the gown back on. I was completely nude. Her arousal joined with mine and drew me towards her. I frantically finished keying the access code to override her quarantine.

The door opened.

My mouth dropped open.

Long, wavy, rich light brown hair framed a face that was definitely no longer narrow or ugly. Instead, she was on her way to becoming a hottie. Her larger, slightly tilted bright blue eyes twinkled with mischief above a smaller, cuter nose. Plump, succulent lips pouted into a sexy wet smile. She looked five years younger. I could still see a definite resemblance to the woman she used to be. She wore no make-up, but it didn't seem to matter, her skin tones had changed to accentuate her features. But I didn't look at her face for long, for below her smooth shoulders rose much bigger set of breasts, held in place by the only fabric on her body, a ripped and re-tied fragment of her medical gown. No longer smallish mounds, her new large grapefruit sized breasts pressed together in a bulging cleavage that rose and fell with her excited breathing. Huge erect nipples pressed out from the thin fabric. I felt myself become entranced by the sight of them. Below these succulent orbs, her waist had become even smaller, but then her hips had blossomed back out like an hourglass. Sexy curvy legs flowed down to her tiny feet. She seemed no taller than before, but she now stood tip-toe, her round calves tight, leaning forward in anticipation. My lust rose inside me like a stud horse. Everything about her body seemed to be tailor made for me to want to fuck her.

And as if I wasn't turned on enough by these erotic changes, I could feel enough lust radiating from her to boil water.

But before I could even take a step, she reached forward with a small perfect hand and grabbed hold of the head of my erect cock and pulled me into the room. Passion, excitement and urgency poured into me. No words were spoken... and our hot mouths found each other. Like animals we came together, kissing and pressing together. Her one hand held tightly onto my huge dick while her other hand tightly grabbed the back of my hair as our tongues slurped and danced together. Both of my arms had scooped her up to meet my hungry mouth. Each hand held a generous handful of her enhanced plump ass. Her big breasts squished against my body as we ravaged each other. She locked her legs around me, pinning my huge cock between her wet pussy and my stomach. She began grinding against me as she lightly bit my lips and neck with her white teeth and soft tongue.

As soon as she had grabbed me, our emotions had merged.

What I had sensed just moments ago now seemed like a pale comparison to the depth of intimacy that now surged through me.

I knew her need... her years of pent up suppression... I felt her her desire for my body... her loneliness... her loyalty for me and her intense desire to pleasure me. I was simply blown away by her intensity. And she felt my raging lust... my insane attraction to her sexy body. My desire to rip her apart...

I easily pushed her up against the wall. Prying each of her legs apart, I spread my arms wide and pressed my hands against the wall, each of her legs straddling over my arms spread eagle. Her tiny bare cunt was dripping wet juice on the floor. 

"Fuck Me!" she demanded in a high sexy voice. "Fuck this hot body!" Her hands were shaking in excitement. She reached down and grabbed the head of my rock hard cock and tried to guide it into her wet pussy lips. It was quite big for her tiny hole. The tip barely fit inside her before the girth prevented any more movement. She moaned loudly and started bucking her luscious hips back and forth. She had transformed into a sex bomb, body and soul. Our attraction for each other was so strong I could almost taste it. We both wanted more... 

I let my hands slip down the wall, driving her harder onto me. My huge head forced its way into the tight slit, and as I let her slide further down onto me, I pushed further and further into her wet hole. I was half way into her and her lips seemed to be stretched to their maximum. Her clit, swollen and pink, was pressed tight and hard up against my stiff girth. By this time she was bucking and rocking as hard as she could, a high pitched growl coming from the back of her throat. She was biting down on her plump bottom lip. She wanted more... I could feel her desire... it was incredible.

I felt myself bottom out. A good 4 inches was still sticking out. A wave of pleasure came pouring out of her as I hit hard against her cervix and we both groaned together. I wanted nothing more than to fuck the hell out of her extremely slutty body.

Shifting my arms, I grabbed her round ass, lifting and carrying her over to the bed. As soon as her back hit the sheets, I started fucking her like a jackhammer. I was in heaven. She groaned with every thrust. Sweat quickly glistened all over her perfect skin. She was so fucking hot. Her hair spilled around her erotically. Her sexy smooth legs flexed and her small toes pointed on her dainty feet as her body shook with my frantic plowing. Her hips rose to meet my grinding cock. Her big breasts heaved and jiggled under the thin fabric.

"MORE!" she screamed. "Fuck me Harder! Oh... God!!" Her wide eyes had tears in them. "Deeper!!... Deeeeper!!" she begged. 

I rammed her harder. Our emotions acted as one. Not only could I feel the incredible pleasure my from my enhanced dick... but I felt her pleasure as well. She was way past the point of needing to release, she should have cum twice over by now... but somehow she was linked to me... as if she couldn't orgasm without me... and she was shaking with the intense need. We were both barely holding on by a thread. Her anticipation suffused her mind. It was everything. Every thrust made it increase. With her head tilted back, a constant scream of "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" resounded with every jolt of my huge cock into her.

We rose to the climax together. I couldn't believe the building pleasure surging through my veins. The immense pressure had filled me like a giant balloon. 

It was almost there... seconds away... she was bleating incoherently...

We came massively at the same time. It happened like a bright blue bolt of lightening through our entire souls. Like bursting into a flame of pure pleasure. It was overwhelming. I felt myself submerge into her psyche as she merged into mine. For a brief moment we were one person. 

Over and over, we came together. Powerful jets gushed out of me. It felt like a river of cum was spurting into her. Each combo-orgasm crashed through our bodies like a tidal wave. With each wave, I pushed harder into her. She arched her back, squealing between clenched teeth. Her body seemed to absorb my cum.

I could feel something changing inside of her. Her breasts suddenly strained against the material of her gown. Her sweaty cleavage pressed even more together and became swollen and even larger. With the next orgasmic wave, her breasts expanded again, the flimsy material almost cutting into the bulging flesh. In addition to the orgasmic ecstasy, we both felt extra pleasure from the growth. I couldn't believe I was watching a personal fantasy unfold before me.

With the next wave, the material couldn't bear the strain of the jiggling expanding flesh and loudly snapped, ripping away. Her larger, wobbly boobs sprang forth in all their glory.

No longer grapefruit, they had easily doubled in size. Her tiny hands reached up to pinch and twist her large, thick nipples that stuck out like small thimbles. Immediately, her fingers brought forth a nipple orgasm that sparked & spasmed through our bodies.

Unable to contain myself, I thrusted harder into her and was answered by a blazing cervical orgasm that rang like a deep bell as it struck us. My legs almost buckled from the extreme bliss. Combined with mine, she was now having four separate orgasms at the same time. Her body was arched and spasming as she wailed and sobbed in ecstasy.

This incredible pulsing multi-orgasm lasted for at least a minute until at last, the final incredible wave crashed over us. Staggering, trying to catch my breath, I looked down and was surprised to see my entire foot-long cock was buried inside her. I was shaking with orgasmic echoes. Tremors seemed to rock my body. I felt exhaustion again... but nothing could keep me from the succulent sight before me. I leaned down to begin licking and sucking the massive nipple on one of her new expanded breasts. 

Immediately, a delicious, sweet nectar came forth and washed over me. My fatigue melted away. I felt warm all over... and also felt changes now occurring inside of me as well. I continued to drink deeply. The nectar was strongly addictive. I needed it all. A deep satisfying pleasure emanated from within her.

Almost glowing, she reached up... wrapping her arms around my neck and pulled herself up. Guiding me around with my mouth still firmly suckling her delicious breasts, I soon found myself on my back with her straddling my belly. Pulling her to me, both of my large hands almost circled her tiny waist which had shrunk even smaller. Her delicious glistening breasts smashed into my slobbering face. She had slipped off my cock and was slowly massaging it up behind her ass, inbetween her slippery bubble ass cheeks. Somehow, I was still erect. And it felt as thought the nectar was preparing me yet again for more sex.

She let out a moan as my tongue circled her bulging nipples. My hands kneaded and caressed her soft orbs. As big as they were, they were still round and soft and perky. I lightly bit down and she cooed with delight. I could feel the spike of pleasure as I nibbled on her. I moved back and forth between both delicious breasts, fondling them like an infatuated school boy, sucking her dry of the addictive nectar. I couldn't get enough of the high I was getting from it. The simple act of nursing me was extraordinarily erotic and fulfilling to her. And within minutes the results of the feeding were beginning to show...

My body had become even more defined and muscular. Linked to her emotions as I was, I could tell that I had grown even more attractive to her. Draining her dry, she smiled and pulled her boobs away. She spun around on top of me and hovered her dripping wet snatch right above my waiting mouth. Her tiny waist made her look like an hourglass. Her smooth bubble-like ass cheeks stuck out far behind her erotically arched back. Beneath her massive hanging boobs I could see my amazing cock rising into the air, her dainty hand holding onto it.

It was visibly growing in her hand, thickening and stretching to greater proportions. No longer a foot long, it pulsed with each beat of my heart, expanding a quarter inch at a time until it stopped at about 14 inches. It was massive and thick, at least 2-1/2" wide. Blue veins could be seen throbbing underneath the tight skin. She was incredibly aroused by the size.

Still poised above me, she began kissing, then licking and sucking the head with a silky soft tongue. Her sexy mouth stretched wider than I thought possible and she engulfed the head several times like a massive lollipop while she stroked the slippery length with one hand. I felt her licking pre-cum from around the huge slit in the end.

Her tender ministrations dazzled my senses causing me to gasp and moan. As she delicately slurped my dripping cock-head, she reached down to fondle my balls which had expanded to the size of oranges. I noticed that all of my pubic hair had disappeared. Actually, except for my head and face... my entire body was now hairless. The same as hers. As she traced my enormous testicles, tingles of bright sensation caused me to shiver in delight.

As both of my hands reached up to caress her ripe melons of soft titflesh, I noticed that her face had gotten even prettier. Small adjustments had given her even more of a younger, high-cheeked babyface. Her lips were plumper, her lashes longer, her eyes a little bigger and more knowing. Looking back at me coyly from just underneath her soft curtain of even longer richer hair that now had blonde highlights... she paused and smiled in a feigned innocent, doe-eyed way that simply melted my heart.

At once, her bright blue eyes had begun to glow with an iridescent light of their own. For a moment, I was distracted by the strange sight. It didn't scare me... as a matter of fact, it made her eyes look even more attractive... almost otherworldly. I wondered if I looked the same. In my distraction, I had almost forgotten about the events of the past several days. She sensed my mild concern.

In response, she finally lowered her bald juicy cunt down onto my mouth. The taste of sweet nectar flooded my senses again. I found her swollen clitoris with my tongue and started sucking and licking her ferociously. She giggled as pleasure washed over us both.

------------

"Blah!... re... report!" she rasped, peeling the respirator away from her face and coughing up phlegm. She spat on the floor.

"Why am I awake?" she asked, wrapping her arms around her naked torso while looking around. Shivering, she hunched down into a ball and glanced at the last of the containment liquid as it drained from the tank.

"Reanimation Contingency Protocol has been activated by Core Command," spoke the calm generic female voice of the comp. "It has been determined that the security of this freighter has been compromised by a possible alien contaminant. Both Captain John Rivers and Flight Surgeon, Dr. Candice Whitney are believed to both be infected, dangerous, and currently in manual override control of the primary systems aboard this ship. As chief security officer, you have been revived from hypersleep to regain and assume full control of this ship and re-quarantine the infected individuals while maintaining the safety of yourself and this ship."

With a shudder, the cylindrical silo-shaped tank detached from the ground and lifted out of the way, exposing the massive, sterile looking containment bay. Dozens of white hypersleep silos, glittering with sensor lights, were visible from where she was curled on the ground. Medi-scanners carefully watched her progress to intercede in case of emergency.

"Debriefing will begin in twenty minutes, please voice-confirm your assignment to proceed," droned the comp.

Pulling her muscular legs up under herself, Lieutenant Cassandra Gallo slowly pushed her fit, tight body up to a standing position. Tilting her head to the side, she cracked her neck as she flexed her arms.

Wet, short black hair dripped down her serious face. Fairly attractive, her entire 5'7" posture came to attention as she stood up straight and began to recite...

"Reanimation Contingency Protocol has been activated by Core Command. It has been determined that the security of this freighter has been compromised..."

------------

As his tongue lapped her hypersensitive pussy, the thrill of emotion rushed through her body again. She was in awe of this man. This was no longer a simple lust that she felt... she realized that she had totally fallen in love with this man.
