 Undelivered Chapter 6

"Oh good lord," Stephen yelled back, "I see our second in command has decided to be out and about as well." 

Jenna watched as the figure basically glided across the floor to them, the man was very handsome and he opened his arms to embrace her, "You my dear must be Jenna," he said with a smile. 

Jenna was unsure whether she should bow or how to act, she knew that Stephen was right by her side she could feel his breath on the back of her neck and knew that he would be able to guide her as needed. He had not bestowed any part of vampire etiquette to her. She actually figured his being the king, as she had learned earlier, may actually give her a little leeway in what she didn't know to this point. 

Jenna gave a small bow, rather than a curtsey to Sabien, "And you kind sir must be Sabien, one of my husband's oldest and dearest friends in the world. "

"Yes, my dear, that is exactly who I am," Sabien began, "It seems you may be in luck as my daughter and wife are also here tonight somewhere among the madness in this building."

Stephen gave a slight pause to think and then added to the discussion, "Well then Sabien, perhaps I can persuade you and the ladies to join us at our house for a few days, I'd love to be able to introduce Daphne to you at the same time and let her question Tanara, while Jenna could speak with Isolde. "

"Stephen, that could be arranged very easily if you would agree to help transport Tanara. I'm still working on the whole transport issue, but I think I could easily get Isolde there. However if you would like we can all just go in one jump with you as I am quite aware of your talent in transport and I know you have been able to jump with several people at once before."

"Alright Sabien let's get this pretty little lady fed and then we will see about transport and obtaining quarters for you tonight," Stephen said

Sabien led them throw the crowd down to the sexual area where he knew they would find Tanara and more than likely Isolde. There was no promiscuity on his wife's part, she was more than likely feeding on someone while watching a couple engaged in sex, it was one of her favorite rituals to feeding when they did venture out Sabien had shared. Jenna thought about it and realized it would be quite exciting to feed while watching others engaged in sex, she thought perhaps even better would to be sitting astride her husband's swollen cock while they both fed off some donator. She wondered if she would prefer a man or a woman, unable to decide she figured she would let Stephen decide and lead her tonight. Maybe things would even escalate slightly and they could both feed off some beautiful woman if that were in the cards. 

Stephen was able to read these thoughts in her head and he sent a thought to her, albeit a mental image and one of a lewd picture. Jenna blushed at him as she turned to look into his eyes. The picture had been one of him sliding into her while she bounced on his cock, just as she had been thinking but included one very attractive donator on her knees lapping at the place where they were joined, the girl's tongue flicking against the shaft of his cock and the tip of her clit. Meanwhile there were two other girls, one on each side with their tops pulled down and their breasts bared, with their necks tilted askew so that both husband and wife had a place to sink their teeth. Jenna nearly had an orgasm imagining it and then they were swept into a room by Sabien. 

"I see my charming daughter is engaged here," Sabien said pointing to the girl across the room that was bent over being slid into by a big Nordic looking gentleman. She looked as if she was thoroughly enjoying the attention he was giving her until she looked up and met the gaze of the party entering the room. 

Tanara smiled at them and she quickly pulled away from the man inside her. She looked back and said something to him and then sauntered over to the group. "My king," she curtsied gracefully, even being fully nude, towards Stephen. 

Stephen smiled and hugged the girl to him, not even taking into account her nudity. It seemed to not faze him at all and Jenna didn't let it bother her. Obviously this girl was very old as well even though she only appeared to be 18 or so while her real age was 1000 years. Jenna shook her head in disbelief as the girl came over and hugged her. 

"You must be the one that finally claimed our king," she giggled. 

"You must be Tanara," Jenna responded unsure of what else to say in this new world.

Tanara grinned and then pointed out her mother who was feeding off the Nordic man's neck while another girl had taken her vacated position on his shaft. "That would be my mother Isolde as well feasting on that hunky man over there." 

"Well dear, would you like to find the best donator for the king and his lovely wife?" Sabien requested of Tanara.

Tanara grinned and she grabbed a robe from the wall, she felt no need for modesty but knew that at least for now she should be clothed around her king. This was the first time he had been here in nearly 100 years and it was without a wife at that time. Tanara also knew that there was no way she would ever be allowed to seduce her king, it would kill her father and also create a rift between Sabien and Stephen.

Tanara led them down the stairs to a room that was filled with darkness, although with their vampire eyesight the room may as well have been fully lit. They could see the bodies writhing inside and Tanara called out for two people, "Angel, Damien" she said with a grin. 

Angel a tall busty red haired beauty slid from a corner of the room where she had been cloaked in darkness and sauntered over to Tanara, at the same time a man of equally handsome physique knelt down before her. Both answered at once, "Yes, Tanara you summoned us," they said in unison. 

Jenna was excited and fully expected to be sinking her teeth into Damien when Stephen whispered in her ear, "It is customary for the male to be fed on by male and the woman to be fed on by you. If you would like we can switch after a light draining of each so you can taste each. "Slowly he reached up beneath Jenna's skirt and touched her bare sex, his thumb rubbing against her clit as he sat down on the couch seat and pulled her down as he freed his shaft. 

Jenna could feel herself blush, knowing the others were aware of her being fucked by her husband while they were all in the same room, this was a first but surprisingly she wasn't very embarrassed by it. She could feel herself quickly working towards an orgasm. It got even more sensual as the two donators slid to their sides and offered their necks with a smile. Stephen and Jenna both began to sink their teeth in and the donators and suck out the nectar. Tanara looked past her mother into her father's eyes and noticed his look of hunger, she called to one other donator and sent the girl over to her father, who nodded appreciatively and then led the girl out of the room and up the stairs. 

Sabien had a good idea of why his daughter had sent the offer of this tasty donator and he also knew that as a vampire and immortal he should just let her do her thing, she had always been a good girl and hadn't taken to much of a liberty with her status as essentially a princess among their kind. They were very few actual members of the ten that had strictly pure blood vampire children. At this time there still weren't any of the ten that had decided to mate and create a pure blood vampire child. That just seemed as if it could be dangerous they had all decided. So his daughter was the closest there had truly come to being a straight pure blood from one of the ten. Daphne would be close only slightly less so because of Jenna's just having recently been changed, not prior to her pregnancy. His wife had been changed as Tanara had been in utero, so technically they would both be equal. Either way both girls were definitely going to be considered vampire royalty if it ever came to that. 

As Sabien went up the stairs Tanara could scarcely contain herself any longer, she knew that neither mother or father would approve but at this point she didn't care. She lowered herself to the floor dropping the robe and lifted Jenna's skirt; she began to lick Jenna's clit and the shaft of Stephen while they drank from Angel and Damien. 

At first Jenna was taken aback by the oral assault by Tanara but as she looked down into the vixen's eyes she could not deny how good it felt. She had always thought that Sapphic loving wouldn't be for her but as good as this felt she could not deny that there could be some interest in the future. Stephen whispered in her ear asking if she was ok with Tanara joining them. All she could do in reply was reach behind her dragging his mouth to her neck and whimpering, "Yes!"

Stephen and Jenna then switched and fed on the opposite donator continuing their leisurely pace of fucking until they had their fill of blood, then Stephen stood up with Jenna still impaled on his shaft and bent her over the couch. He watched as Tanara slid underneath them and feasted on Jenna's exposed clit and she reached up freeing his wife's breasts, rolling the nipples in her fingers. He was shocked to feel one of her hands wrap around the base of his cock prior to a thrusting into Jenna and his cock was directed directly into her mouth for a few quick sucks before she slid him back into Jenna. 

Jenna wasn't sure how to feel about what she had just witnessed but at the same time she was wildly turned on and wasn't about to complain. Oddly the thought of seeing her husband, the king of vampires, being fellated by this hot girl on the floor that was back to sucking and licking her clit turned her on immensely. She would have to explore that further in the coming days, or months she figured. Especially if this hot little tart was going to be with them for a few days or so. She doubted that Tanara could keep her hands off Stephen. Even as she thought that her orgasm began to rip through her and she moaned out encouraging Stephen to cum too. Without a thought as soon as she finished cumming she knelt down next to Tanara and began stroking Stephen's throbbing shaft as it pulsed, it glided through her hands covered in her own nectar and just as quickly she looked at Tanara and winked, letting the girl know whatever she had in mind was ok. Without the cloak of Jenna's skirt hiding them Tanara was nervous her mother would see but as she glanced the woman was still feeding off a donator with her back turned. Tanara dove down with her mouth on Stephen's shaft, sucking and licking the shaft, she bobbed several times then pulled away offering the magnificent tool to Jenna, who in turn delved down on it and showed it the same love. They continued this for several minutes and it was obvious Stephen was holding out as much as possible, until the two women winked up at him and began to kiss and paw at each other's nipples, and then they shared his shaft, lick and sucking the sides. 

"Oh fuck here I cum," Stephen growled, shooting rope after rope of cum, watching it cover both women's face and breasts. He felt slightly guilty as Jenna had never been given a facial in all their years together but she had been intent on the pleasure giving and he noticed quickly that she was being tended to by Tanara through kisses and wiping her off. They shared the cum with a kiss and continued until each was cleansed. Tanara clapped her hands and an attendant stepped out with two warm wash cloths and towels. 

"Well, that was rather unexpected," Jenna chirped, "but not at all unpleasant." 

Tanara smiled, "Forgive me Jenna, I was overtaken with lust for the king and his beautiful wife and I should have asked permission prior to slipping into the fray here." 

"Normally, I may have not reacted so well but there's something about you and this place and the aura that made everything alright," Jenna stated, "but next time ask first," she added with a wink.

Tanara pulled her own clothes out of the back room downstairs, gathered her mother and led the group back up to where she knew they would find Sabien. "Father, our guests thirsts have been...sated." She said with a grin.

"Ah, I will not ask how you managed to assist that but either way I think it is time that we take our leave, if you have no objections daughter dear you will be joining us going to the king's home and helping assimilate his eldest daughter who is just coming into the change now," Sabien inquired of his daughter.

"But of course father," she replied, "I have a bag ready here in the building if I may just get it first." 

Stephen smiled, pulling Sabien to the side he told him about the amount of wealth that he had procured and that if they had any monetary needs or needed to go shopping for clothes or any other necessity while they were in his home he would be able to take care of them.

"So you finally broke down and dipped into your holdings after all these years?" Sabien asked.

"Yes, I still have plans to bring out some of the artifacts we saved from the Roman Empire era and maybe a few others to adorn the house. Now with all the money that we have legitimately acquired it can be made to look as if it was a purchase of antiques," Stephen responded. 

As soon as Tanara was back with Isolde in tow the group gathered hands and with the instantaneous speed of thought they were in Stephen's garage. This way none of the staff would be suspicious, it would appear as if they had gone out and come back via the garage. He had decided to talk to Sabien and see about hiring a few extra hands to keep on at all times, a few very trusted vampires, preferably some that had been among the order for a thousand years or so, which would denote their trustworthy nature. 

Stephen led the group into the house and showed Sabien and his family the guest quarters, hoping that it would be adequate accommodations for them. As the group settled into the living room to talk for a while Daphne came down into the room from upstairs. 

"So daddy, who are your friends," she asked with a grin, hoping that this was the man and his family that he had told her about. 

Standing Stephen introduced Sabien, Isolde and Tanara to his daughter. "These my dear are very old friends and are to be treated with the utmost respect. I think that you'll find Tanara very helpful in your unique situation and she will provide some very good insight." 

Looking to Tanara, "Now remember, she is only 13 in today's age and mindset, not the same as when you were growing up. We'd like her to remain um...unactive in the adult realm for at least another four or five years, so you can leave out that aspect." 

Daphne blushed hard, "Dad, I have no interest in sex, you don't have to worry." 

The group giggled, it was obvious Daphne was a little more mature than given credit for sometimes and that she definitely caught the subtext of conversation. Stephen just looked down and smiled, he should have known that either Daphne or Tanara would call him on the issue of sex.

Daphne was eager to talk to Tanara away from the group she had so many questions and the girl looked like she was 18 even though Daphne knew that she was at least a thousand or so years old from what she had been told. In time she hoped to become very good friends with the girl. She also knew that when she turned 18 most of the constraints other teenagers had on them would be a ridiculous assumption to make on her. She was going to be fucking immortal, she thought to herself with a giggle. She would still go to college and secure a degree but with the amount of money her dad had made somehow and with the fact that she would be immortal there was so much time and fun to be had. She only hoped that she would have some more amazing abilities by that time and that she would be able to have fun. 

Stephen held up a hand, "Girls can go off and chat in a few moments, "first I'd like to remind you that Jared and Elly, as well as the staff have no idea about what we truly are. Oh and by the way Daphne, before you find out from the mouthy one here," Stephen said winking at Tanara,"I am also what boils down to King of the Vampires." 

"Wait, what...," Daphne said looking at her father, "Is this just some bs, so that I listen or are you being completely honest here." 

Tanara looked to her father who stood up, he knew that Daphne was not being disrespectful at all but learning that the man that had been just your stay at home father for a little while and then finding out he was a vampire, and at that a 3000 or so year old vampire and now the king of them could be a bit overwhelming. "My dear, your father is indeed the king of vampires. I am his second in command as far as any decisions or if there should ever be a battle again. But those are more in the days of yore that we went out as a group to fight. Now with the world's population that would be quite unfeasible."

Daphne nodded, "Thank you sir," she said to Sabien, turning back to her father she started again. "Dad, this is so cool, so how is it you've kept all this hidden for so long?"

And so it began Stephen layed out the last few years and why he had decided to stay away from the order. With Sabien running things there had been no need for him to be around, as well as the fact that there had been no pressing matters if there had been Sabien would have been able to reach out telepathically and find communicate the need to him. 

Tanara looked at Daphne, "I really never have been able to play with a friend your age, even when I was that age it was a completely different time. I wouldn't mind doing some of the things you like to do while we talk and I may be able to teach you how to control your urges and maybe even impart a power or two to you. Who knows you may rub off on me and in a few years we may venture to college together. I've always wanted to go back again and explore some type of possible career and also the night life of a college student. "

It was all going so smoothly and then Stephen saw that mischievous grin in Tanara's eyes. He knew that she wouldn't have any sexual influence over his underage daughter but that didn't mean she wouldn't try to lure her way into his and Jenna's bed while she was here. Not that he would likely complain, she was as sexy as any other girl he had ever laid eyes on barring his wife, and in his head that thought rang true, he knew it to be a mixture of the love and lust he still felt for the woman by his side after being together for nearly 16 years. But if Jenna wanted to allow the little vixen into their bed he had no complaints. 

Jenna nudged Stephen, "Don't even think about it buster," she whispered into his ear smiling all the while. 

Jenna and Stephen sat down with Sabien and Isolde, Jenna had so many questions that she knew could only be answered by Stephen and Sabien. She still had so many questions namely how it was that her husband was "king" of the vampires and yet she had still never known that he was a vampire. That was the part that both terrified her and excited her the most the fact that in all reality she was married to the oldest king in the world. Yeah let that sit for a few moments. 

Jenna began her questions, "So how does this hierarchy work in the vampire world."

Stephen looked to Sabien who raised an eyebrow in question. Stephen gave him the nod to go forward with how things worked and with very little hesitancy Sabien began.

"Well Jenna, the code of our vampire brethren is fairly strict in some aspects and rather vague in others. Such as there are very few rules governing the making of vampires. Naturally born ones, such as our children are acceptable, mainly because they are halflings. You may not turn anyone under the age of 17, preferably 21 so that if they choose to remain that age for a long time then there are no questions or complications. We prefer some level of maturity immediately in new converts; it's when you have immature converts that you begin to run into problems. They nearly always want to make others after a year or two and then there is the problem of instituting the rules. Next is that much like the tv show "True Blood" and the "Twilight" movies there are governing bodies for us as well. Each continent has 7 different "sheriffs" and they all answer to our, order of the ten.
