 Grace slowly opened her eyes as her phone's alarm echoed throughout her small studio apartment. She grumbled as her fingers reached for the mobile and ended the cacophony of overwhelming sound to bring her from her slumber. Her eyes darted to the illuminated screen, checking the time. 7:30 in the morning. She groaned in frustration as she clicked the screen to lock. As Grace returned the phone to its previous place, it vibrated between the nightstand and her fingers.

Picking up the phone, she looked at what caused the vibration. A message from Amiiria had arrived with a photo attached. Grace cocked her head as she swiped to open the message and was greeted by a picture of a very attractive redhead. She was more petite than Grace, but she could tell that this woman was lean and very toned. The woman in the photo seemed to be in the middle of talking to someone, wearing a white tank top, blue jeans that seemed to have faded and worn on her thighs and a leather jacket. Her raid hair seemed almost copper in the picture and was pulled up in a bun.

"This is Maddie. She is your ten o' clock this morning. It would be my recommendation, my dear, that you let her be in charge. She tends to like things a certain way. When your appointment is complete, please come to the penthouse that Natasha showed you yesterday." Amiiria's text read. 

Grace looked at the photo for a bit, completely unaware as her tongue ran over her lips. This Maddie had a fire in her eyes and Grace craved it. Grace glanced at the time and began to move from her bed. Each step took a few moments longer and she stretched her body. It felt like her body had changed. She stepped into the bathroom and looked herself in the mirror, looking for the faults in her body she always complained about. But, today, it seemed that none of her faults truly stood out to her. She admired her body in the mirror. Her skin seemed to be more tan with no scarring of any sort over her body. Her hands began to dance over her skin, feeling the rippling muscles beneath as she moaned in delight. She looked up at the mirror and blinked. She could barely see her love handles! Grace couldn't believe it. Her hands moved up towards her breasts and stood amazed. Not only were they more perky, but seemed to have grown a cup size. 'Tha fuck? Am I an E cup now? Fuck me... I have to get new bras!' She thought as she turned to the shower, turning the water on.

As she stepped into the torrential downpour of water, Grace couldn't help but think of her time with Natasha the night prior as the looked for a place for Grace. Grace reminisced each time she walked behind Natasha. How her hips would sway back and forth. Her mind began replaying this scene over and over, each time Natasha was wearing less and less clothing. Grace closed her eyes as she slowly began squeezing her massive cock. 

Her mind wandering to how it would feel to have Natasha beneath her, taking her cock in every hole that she could offer to Grace. Grace slowly began to stroke the massive stick as her brain filled with images of her pounding the secretary's pussy as she was bent over the couch, making her beg with each pump. Each stroke caused Grace's cock to throb in her hand, pulsing with need as she began her tempo. Her hand dancing up and down her turgid pole as her mind fixated on fucking Natasha and how her moans would spur her into a frenzy. Her hand sped up as the Natasha in her mind sang and cooed for more of her body to be claimed and filled completely by Grace's seed. 

A low guttural moan escaped her lips as her hand moved as fast as she could. She could feel the tightening within her gut as her hand flew up and down her shaft. The maddening tempo causing Grace to lean against the wall as her hips pumped to meet her hand. She threw her head back as her cock began spasm, sending thick rope after rope of her seed splattering against the wall from her.

Grace moaned as she panted, trying to catch her breath. 'How does this feel so amazing...' she thought as she picked up her loufa, slowly starting to wash her body. Still, her mind played the scenes of Natasha . She couldn't stop. 'I have to ask Lady Amiiria about this...' She thought as she tried to finish getting clean and ready.

It didn't take too long for Grace to finish as she stepped out, wrapped in her Legend of Zelda robe. Grace looked at the time. 8:45. She had an hour to get ready. Grace looked around her apartment as she walked towards her closet. "What would he have me wear..." she whispered as she opened the closet. Her eyes danced over the wardrobe. Grace sighed as she closed it and looked around. Her eyes fell upon the leather collar. A small smirk came across her face. 'That is perfect.'

She slowly put the collar on and grinned mischievously as she began tidying the apartment and lightning the candles. As she cleaned, Grace chanced upon a set of nipple clamps. Another grin crossed her lips. 'I could open the door in just these... it will certainly set the mood.' Grace wanted this woman to take control. She craved it. She wanted the feeling of being possessed by her whims.

As she finished and lit the last candle, her phone vibrated and the door buzzer rang. Grace ran to the answer button, "Hello?"

A stern and calm feminine voice came over the intercom. "Yes. I am here for my 10 am meeting with Ms. Miller. Is this the right address?"

"Of course, I'll buzz you in, ma'am." Grace said as she felt her cock begin to harden, her pussy dripping down her thighs as she pressed the buzzer to let the woman in.

It didn't take long as a knock came quickly after she buzzed the woman in. She went to the door, ditching her robe to allow her client to see her all as she entered. Grace steeled herself and closed her eyes. Taking a few moments, her eyes opened as she opened the door.

Maddie stood around Grace's height. Wearing thigh boots and an overcoat, Maddie stepped into the room, staring at Grace. "Close the door and stand up." Maddie said sternly as her eyes continue to take in Grace's form. Grace only nodded as she stood. Before she could do anything else, Maddie grabbed her by the hair. "The response should be, 'Yes, ma'am.'"

"Yes, ma'am." Grace whimpered biting back a moan, her pussy beginning to drip down her thighs. 

"Better. Now, for the next two hours, your cute ass belongs to me. Understood?" Maddie stated as Grace closed and locked the door.

"Yes, ma'am." Grace moaned as she let the woman guide her. Maddie began pulling her towards the couch, pushing her onto it as she stood before her. Maddie untied her overcoat and letting it fall, revealing that she was wearing nothing underneath. Maddie ran a fingernail of Grace's cock and smiled. "9 inches. This piece of meat will do perfectly. Lay back." Maddie ordered as she began to push Grace to laying down.

Maddie slowly began to straddle Grace, her pussy hovering over the hard cock. Reaching in between them, Maddie grabbed the base of the massive cock, slapping it on her pussy lips. Grace writhed in pleasure as she felt Maddie's labia soak the head of her pulsating member. Slowly, Maddie began to guide the cock into her pussy, her free hand at Grace's collarbone.

As the head of her cock began to enter, Maddie began gyrating her hips, slowly sinking down Grace's turgid member. Grace moaned in delight as she felt her cock being enveloped by Maddie's warmth. Grace arched up to Maddie, only to be put back down. "There will be time for that, little slut. Right now, I need this cock cumming in me and me cumming to the point of squirting. You are going to be a good little fuck toy." Grace moaned and whimpered. "Yes, ma'am."

Maddie continued to slide down Grace's cock as she rotated her hips. Her moans slowly beginning to escape her full lips. Once she was at the base of Grace's cock, Maddie smiled. "This is gonna be rough, fuck toy. If you can withstand it, I may have you do me doggy style after. But, let's see what this cock can do." With that, Maddie began to bounce up and down the throbbing member. Grace arched as she felt her cock squeezed by Maddie's kegels. Grace could only be amazed at the control of her body that Maddie possessed. Maddie continued to bounce as she threw her head back in bliss. She reached down to Grace's nipples, pinching them just enough to elicit a moan out of the woman beneath her as she continued to flex her kegel muscles to stroke the cock inside of her with each bounce.

Grace could feel each time Maddie tightened her pussy and would send electric orgasmic bliss up her spine. Grace moaned in delight as she fought to the want to buck her hips. She had to be patient. She wanted Maddie's bliss and could tell, somehow, that Maddie wanted hers as well. Maddie began to speed up her bouncing as her head went back, eyes closed. "Gods, this is the best cock I have had in ages... You are such a good fuck toy." She groaned in delight as she moved Grace's hands to her nipples. "Pinch them, slut. Let's see who will cum first...me or you?" She panted as Grace lightly pinched her nipples.

"You call that a pinch, fuck toy?" Maddie groaned as she sunk back down to the base of Grace's cock, gyrating her hips as she reached for Grace's nipples. Taking each nipple between her thumb and forefinger knuckle joint, Maddie pinched harder than most nipple clamps and pulled back. Grace couldn't stop herself from arching up. Maddie smirked. "My little fuck toy likes pain... Good. I will show you a new world." Maddie grinned as she moved her right hand and leaned down taking Grace's nipple into her mouth. It was only a moments reprieve. No sooner had she felt the softness of Maddie's lips, she felt two canines on her nipples. Moans and screams of pleasure left Grace as she bucked her hips.

It finished as quickly as it started. Grace flopped back onto the couch, cock throbbing inside Maddie. "You have a lovely voice, fuck toy. Almost singing opera." Maddie smiled like a cat who had caught its prey. Maddie leaned back and began bouncing with a practiced fervor of a Victorian whore who knew that her John was close. Maddie's hands went to Grace's collarbone as she kept her kegels gripping Grace's throbbing meatstick with each bounce.

Grace could feel herself getting closer to her impending orgasm. Her cock twitching as it threatens to shoot its seed inside the redhead. Maddie could feel it too. "That's it little fuck toy. Cum inside me. Fill me up with your cream." She moaned as she bounced harder upon Grace. Grace felt Maddie's pussy begin to pulse erratically, signaling her own orgasm was impending. Grace reached up to Maddie's nipples, pinching for all she could. As she did, Maddie's body went rigid as she screamed in pure bliss. Wave after wave of Maddie's orgasm came crashing down upon Grace's cock. The pulsing causing Grace to succumb to her own orgasm as she arched once more, sending spurt after spurt of her seed deep within the redhead.

Maddie collapsed on top of Grace, a chuckle escaping between pants as she came down from her orgasmic high. "Damn, fuck toy... that was the best orgasm I've had in years." She moaned as she slowly began to slide up from Grace's cock. A wet pop and a gush of fluids signaling that they were no long connected at the hip.

Maddie began to coo as she stroked Grace's cock. "I want a round two. Think he can handle it once he comes back to being awake." Grace nodded. "Yes, ma'am. I can be more than ready if you suck me to life."

Maddie looked down at her watch. "You have forty-five minutes before I must go. It seems I have to if I want my fucktoy's cock again." With that, Maddie began to slide down Grace's body. She stopped and grabbed the base of Grace's cum covered cock and smiled. With no hesitation, Maddie shoved the entirety of Grace's limp cock in her mouth.

Grace moaned in delight as she arched up to Maddie. He cock beginning to harden between Maddie's expert lips. Grace watched as Maddie bobbed her head up and down, licking up their juices. Maddie moaned as she released Grace's cock. "I need you to fuck me, little fuck toy. Do a good job and next time I will give you more than my pussy."

Grace stood up as her cock swayed in front of her. Maddie wasted no time in bending over the couch, wiggling her ass at Grace as if inviting her. Grace moved closer, smacking Maddie's ass as she grabbed her cock. Running the head of her cock over Maddie's pussy, she inserted herself all the way to the base inside the waiting redhead. Maddie moaned in delight as she arched her hips up to Grace allowing her to get deeper inside her. Grace grabbed her hips, slowly beginning to pump her cock into Maddie. Her thrusts were deep and slow, making sure that the resonating sound of their hips meeting with each thrust resounded through the apartment.

Maddie groaned, "So full. That's it my little fucktoy. Pound my pussy. Stretch me out. Fill me up with your cum." 

"Yes, ma'am." Grace said as she began to speed up her thrusts. She felt more energized than ever before. She felt as if she could feel Maddie's need pulsating through her with each pump. Her cock pushing deep within Maddie as she felt the telltell sign that she was bottoming out inside Maddie. Each thrust causing Grace to crave more for Maddie to cum upon her cock. Grace looked down at their hips. Her 'tattoos'... were they softly glowing... she couldn't think about that right now. She sped up each of her pumps into the redhead as Maddie reached between them, furiously rubbing her clit.

"That's it fucktoy. Fuck me hard. Take me. Fill me." She screamed in pure bliss. Maddie continued to rub her clit as Grace pumped for all she could. Each pump bringing them closer and closer to climax. Grace groaned as her hips began bucking of their own accord causing Maddie to scream. "Oh gods... I'm cumming!"

Grace arched her head back. It was as if her body clicked to cum with Maddie's as her cock began to fire spurt after spurt of cum inside her once more. Grace stood their panting as she pulled back, another wet pop resounded as her cock withdrew from Maddie followed by a gush of their fluids onto the floor.

Maddie stood up, her legs shaking as she turned to Grace. "That was the best fucking of my life. If I didn't have to get back... I would do it again." She moaned. "But, I will have you again. You are too good of a fucktoy to have only once." Maddie grinned and paused. "Wasn't your eyes blue earlier? Odd... I could of swore... must have been the light." Maddie shrugged as she picked up her overcoat. She walked back to Grace and kissed her lips fully. "I had fun." She smiled as she headed to the door, placing a card on her nightstand at the door. "When you are free, call my secretary and state that you are waiting for me at the sushi place. I will know what you mean. Lady Amiiria gave me your number. You will be seeing me again." With that, Maddie left as Grace sat on her bed.

Grace stared at the small mirror across from her bed. Her eyes... they were green. A soft jade green. She reached for her phone to text Amiiria when she saw a text from Brian, her boyfriend from Virginia who she had dated for years. What it said made her want pause. 'We're through.' She couldn't believe it. Four years... she couldn't believe he would break up with her over text. She wanted to cry but couldn't. She opened the text and responded only with, 'Fine.'

She opened her call log to Amiiria and began calling.

"Hello, my dear champion. How are you?," the sultry tone of Amiiria answered. She sounded to be in a good mood.

"Maddie just left. Brian broke up with me. And I have questions for you... your sigils were glowing and my eyes have changed color. I will be on my way after getting cleaned up, my lady." Grace said as she stood up from her bed.

"Do you wish for me to punish this Brian?" Amiiria said, sounding concerned.

"I don't know. I will be at the penthouse as soon as I can." Grace said as she began getting dressed.

"Then, we can discuss these things once you are here. See you soon." Amiiria stated before she hung up the phone.

It didn't take long for Grace to get ready and get on the road. It would take her twenty minutes to get to the Penthouse. She sent a text to Amiiria and Natasha saying she was enroute and how long she would be. As she drove, her mind thought and raced on why she wasn't more upset about Brian. He had been her boyfriend for the longest time. He had been the one to mainly convince her to leave her ex, stating he was trouble for her. He had been the one that truly brought her into being poly. Who had been the one she had craved his attention. Her mind showing her the toxicity that her ex tried to point out to her about Brian. She shook her head. It was done. It was over. She sent a text to her other boyfriend, Nathan, letting him know she would be unavailable. That Brian broke up with her and she was going to be unavailable for a bit. This would be for the best. She couldn't kick him out of her life. But, she wanted to let him down easy. She sighed to herself as she drove. Johnny, her ex, had been right about everything.

Grace pulled up to the building and got out. She locked her doors and began heading up to the penthouse.

The elevator doors opened to the lavish Penthouse. To say that it was perfect would have been an understatement. Balcony, indoor jacuzzi, a bedroom the size of her apartment, a kitchen with more room than she knew what to do with, even a fireplace and a built in liquor curio that most bartenders would kill for.

Grace stepped in to see Natasha sitting on the sofa, glass of wine in her hand and one on the side. "Grace... welcome home." She said smiling as she offered her the glass of wine. "Lady Amiiria is finishing up and will be joining us shortly." Grace smiled as she accepted the glass of wine, "Thank you, Natasha." She watched as Natasha walked back to the sofa and sat down. "I am also to inform you that from now on, I shall be your secretary and for your personal use. If you deem that fitting." Grace blinked several times. "Are you okay with that?"

"I insisted it." Natasha smiled as she looked at Grace. "I will be your confidante, your friend and your secretary."

No sooner had Natasha finished, the elevator opened with Amiiria wiping her lips. "Hello, Grace. Like your new home?"

Grace could only nod. "Thank you, my lady. I do have some questions for you and... a request... if you will have it."

"You are my champion, my dear. Any who hurt you, have hurt me. I do not take this lightly. But first, your questions. About the sigils and your eyes, yes?" Amiiria said as she walked to the liquor areapouring herself a drink. "You see, my dear, as my champion, magic now runs through your veins. You are going through the metamorphosis period. During this time, your body will become closer to what my people call a halfbreed. You will have some of the characteristics of the Succubi... but, you will be primarily be human. When the sigils have turned blood red, your metamorphosis shall be complete. This only happens when a champion has fully accepted her role. At most, your skin may become more tan from this point and your hair may become darker. But, that shall be it."

Grace nodded as she sipped on the wine. "My request is simple then... I want to fully become your champion with nothing holding me back. As such, I am tendering my resignation to my job. I will go where you need me, when you need me. Just, do not have me deal with my exes. Is that possible?"

Amiiria nodded, smiling. "Yes, it is and I will see to it that you are well accommodated."