 Downtown Seattle, former location of The Institute.

Amiiria sat at one the chairs and looked around beaming. This den of sexuality, debauchery and sin, as the prudes would call it, now had to close its doors. The place was teeming with sexual energies that almost was a delicacy for Amiiria. Her green eyes looking around as she seeped what little energy the place had in it up. As she drank in the energy, the door opened. "Mistress Amiiria... Representative Regulus is here." She said softly, voice quivering as if in fear of her mistress' wrath.

Amiiria sighed. 'Already?!' She thought as she turned around. "Send the boy in."

No sooner had she finished stating such, a man around 6 feet in height walked in the room. His brown hair cut short reminding her of others who had served in the human military. His eyes were the steel grey that she knew all too well. His normally pale complexion, now more tan with the undertones of red, hinting at his Native American background. He walked with a stride that told Amiiria that he was not here for pleasantries. His leather boots resonating in the empty room as he moved towards her. His outfit of black cargo pants, black tank top and a leather jacket that had seen better days told her everything. This was not going to be pleasant at all.

Regulus stopped short of her seat and nodded softly. "Representative Amiiria. A pleasure to see the Queen of Succubi. As always." His tone was dry. She knew he hated this part. Nothing ever got handled during this part of the dance.

Amiiria smiled softly as she looked to Regulus. "Ah. Representative Regulus. It is a pleasure to see one of the Wizened. Please, have a seat." Amiiria looked to Natasha. Her lips smiled as she said in a forceful, yet sultry tone. "You may leave."

Natasha bowed quickly as she escaped from the room as quickly as she could. Amiiria turned her eyes back to Regulus. "So... to the point... how is she handling her situation?"

Amiiria smiled again. "No pleasantries or small talk? None of me offering to ride you and you rebuffing my gestures? Sad...You know... for someone who brought her to me... you have a very interesting take on keeping people out."

Regulus pulled out a lighter and a pack of Camel Menthols. Removing a cigarette, he placed it to his lips and igniting it instantly.

"You wanted a new Scion. She was already upon your path. I, merely, brought her to you early." Regulus said as he exhaled the smoke from his lungs. "I am guessing she is doing well in her new position."

Amiiria nodded. "She has... exceeded expectations. I am rather impressed."

Regulus nodded. "The Council has found out. You are to introduce her as your Scion at the gathering. If not, she will be killed."

Amiiria smiled. "I'm sure you wouldn't let that happen."

Regulus just shook his head. "Lady Medinia found out and informed Feasts of Blood and the others. I cannot stop this." He sighed as he stood up. "You have one week before gather... I hope you know what you are doing." He said as he began to walk away.

"She still thinks of you, you know..." She said loudly enough for him to hear her. She wanted to see his face as he paled.

"I know... she is my ex after all." He called back as he walked out the door.

...

~Grace~

It had been two hours since Melissa left and already, Grace was jacking off. Her hand moving over the nine inch member with lube as she watched a woman being gagged by a shemale's monstrous cock. She couldn't believe how hot it made her thinking about gagging a woman with the giant member that hung between her legs.

She picked up speed as she stroked, moaning as her cock would twitch as if threatening to spew its cream all over her floor. She began picking up the tempo as she put the phone down, remembering Melissa sucking and riding her cock. As her right continued to pump, she reached for the mason jar with her left hand. She wanted to save this. Just to see how much she came. Grace continued to furiously jack off her cock as she lifted her hips. She was so close. Grace pumped a few more times and began to fire her cream into the waiting jar. Grace continued pumping, knowing if she did, it would produce more. Her continued to shoot its seed into the jar til it was about seventy-five percent full. 

"Nine ounces?!" She cried in disbelief. That was insane. She looked down at her cock as it went limp. "A godsdamned firehouse is what I have... Shit."

She put a lid on the jar and headed to the fridge as a knock started on her door. Grace cursed under her breath as she placed the jar in the fridge and put her jogging pants back on.

"Who is it?" She yelled as she looked for a shirt.

"I am Natasha. Miss Amiiria sent me. I am her assistant," came a voice that seemed quieter than most. Grace sighed as she pulled on her Legend of Zelda shirt. It seemed tighter than normal as she slid it on. "One moment!" She yelled as she got to the door and fumbled with the lock.

Once the door was unlocked, the woman stepped inside. She was attractive to Grace. A ballet figure, toned muscle, smooth but radiant skin. For a second, she felt jealous to Amiiria and immediately dismissed it. "Come in. May I help you?"

Natasha smiled as she tucked her brown hair behind her ear. "Several things, in fact, one Mistress Amiiria has transferred your first paycheck into your account." Natasha reached into her bag and pulled out a check. Grace stared at the numbers. "Is this right?!" She said as she looked back to Natasha.

Natasha only nodded and smiled again. "This is your first week's pay. Taxes have already been paid and you will not have to worry about it bouncing." Natasha looked at Grace, giving her a moment to collect herself.

Once Grace had collected herself, she sat back down and stared at the woman across from her. Natasha nodded, "Next weekend, you will be busy and are to cancel all previous engagements. The reason for this is a long and arduous explaination but one that is needed all the same."

"Years ago, a pact was formed between the supernatural entities of the world. Each group would have a representative that would serve on this council. Mistress Amiiria is the representative of the Succubi. Each representative has a trusted individual that is called their Scion... or Champion. Mistress Amiiria will be introducing you as such at the Gather."

Grace stared in disbelief as she listened. Her eyes got bigger as Natasha revealed the last bit. Her head was swimming in rapid thoughts. "Wait... I have to fight?" Grace said as she stood up, biting at her thumbnail.

"Nothing of the sort. There hasn't been a battle in almost a millienia. The Scion acts as the word of the representative. You will be considered untouchable and left to your own devices by the Council, unless you breach the treaty." Natasha said curtly as she adjusted her hair once more.

Grace watched Natasha as she pulled up her shirt, revealing the same symbol on her hip that Grace possessed. "Unlike you, I serve only Mistress Amiiria." She smiled as she looked at Grace. For a brief moment, her eyes seemed to glow blue. 

Natasha adjusted herself as she looked to Grace. "Also, Mistress Amiiria has stated that I am to help you acquire new abode and your adjustments to your new life as we find you a suitable assistant to your needs."

Grace stared disbelief again and then a smile crossed her lips. 'Melissa.' She thought as she looked to Natasha. "I may have one in mind. The woman who came to see me today." Natasha frowned. "I'm afraid that she will be unavailable until she bears child. However, we can broach the topic with her and see if she wishes to enlist on."

Natasha opened her planner, "Tonight, we are to look at new housing for you that will commodate all of your functions as Scion for Her Highness. Tomorrow morning, you will be entertaining Diana for the day." Natasha's lips curved to a smile as she said the woman's name. 'What brought that smile to her face?' Grace thought as she stood up. 

"Well, if we are going out, I need to change." Grace said as she looked down at herself. Natasha looked over her and nodded. "I completely agree. I prepped for that." Natasha left the apartment, leaving Grace perplexed. She was gone for a total of five minutes before she returned with a garment bag. "Mistress Amiiria said that you should wear this."

When Grace opened the bag, she was simply stunned. It was a black business suit with a crimson dress shirt and crimson stiletto heels. Grace gasped as she stared at the outfit. "I am sure the outfit fits your measurements, including your newest addition. I am told that you have a black garter set already, yes? Wear that." Natasha said matter-of-factly.

Grace got dressed relatively quickly, preparing for the issues that would come up from shopping for a house. She had a feeling it would be a long day from here. When Grace looked in the mirror, she had to admit, she looked stunning. The outfit, while accentuating her form, gave an authoritative air to her.

She stepped out and looked at Natasha. "I am ready when you are." She said as she began to walk towards the door. Natasha smiled once more as she opened the door for her. "Let's find you a more fitting place for Amiiria's Champion." She grinned as the exited onto the street, where a car with tinted windows waited.

Natasha opened the door with a smile on her lips. "I have one that would be perfect for you. It is a penthouse suite and we own the building. It is relatively close. At no cost to you."

Grace could only nod through being completely flabbergasted. 'If he could only see me now...' She thought as the car began to drive.

...

~Regulus~

Regulus sat at his chair as he looked at his computer screen, images flashed by as he watched pictures of happier times flash by. Grace and him. A knock at the door of his study, came as he closed his computer.

"Sir, the Council have begun to arrive." A low voice came as he stood up, retrieving his lighter and tech gloves.

"Good. Prepare for the Gather." Regulus said as he crossed into the hall.

'Soon, she will truly become what she is destined to be,' Regulus thought as he moved towards the main hall.