 Grace walked into her apartment and sighed. Work had been an exhausting day to put it bluntly. Her brown hair hung down to her pale shoulders. She closed the door to her apartment and began stripping off her clothing. Her Legend of Zelda shirt flew onto the bed as she kicked off her boots. Her mind swirled from the day at work. 

She stood up from her bed and stared at her reflection. She loved her body. She loved how her natural 38DDs continued to stay perky. She smiled as she lifted her arms up and smiled. 'Well, if there was one thing I do miss about him... I miss him admiring me like this.'

She shook her head. It had been a year since the move from Virginia to Seattle. And, she loved it. She loved the city and the promotion that caused it. She moved from one side of the country to another for a job.

She shook her head again. 'No living in the past... he chose to leave my life all together. His choice.' She sighed as she turned the shower on. The warm water cascading over her pale skin. Her arms wrapped around her. She wouldn't let her mind wander even now. She was alone in her apartment. Alone now more than ever. She ran her fingers through her hair and began wrapping the towel around her body. Stepping out into the studio apartment, she began drying off.

"Well now... I must say that you are definitely a stunning woman..." A feminine voice said, as if right next to her.

Grace looked up and nearly jumped out of her skin, shocked as she was greeted by the image of one of the most stunningly beautiful women she had ever met. "Who the fuck are you?!" Grace screamed as she scrambled back. "How the fuck did you get in here?!"

The woman smiled as her green eyes looked at her, as if peering into her soul. "I came to offer you a gift. My name is Amiiria. And, I am here to offer you a chance out of this little rat race and to forget all about your ex." She said as strode across the room, and otherworldly grace about her.

"Bullshit!" Grace yelled, "Tell me how in the hell did you get in here?!"

A slight chuckle seemed to escape the lips of Amiiria. Even to Grace, she was an attractive woman. Her ebony hair, pale skin, long legs that most women would dream of. But, it was her eyes. Her eyes is what set her apart. For a moment they even seemed to glow.

"It is funny you say that. Let me show you..." As she finished the last word, Amiiria's skin began to turn a crimson. Her clothes seemed to fade as a naked woman stood in front of her. "I am Amiiria, Queen of the Succubi. And, I wish for you to be my Emissary. My Scion. Should you accept... you will never sleep alone again. There are tasks you must fulfill. What say you, Grace Miller?"

Grace stared at the Succubus that stood in front of her. And she could do was nod. "Yes, Amiiria."

Soon, Amiiria began to shift back to her human form. "Good. Then, my champion, I have gifts for you. Get on the bed." Grace stared and nodded again, laying on her bed. Her hands naturally moving upward.

Amiiria's hands began to roam over her own flesh and then to Grace's. As her finger's touched Grace's skin, an earth-shattering orgasm rocked through her body as she arched into the Queen's hands. Amiiria was saying something as her hands moved to Grace's nipples, pinching them. She had worn nipple clamps that felt nothing like the vicegrip that Amiiria had. Another orgasm racked her body, causing her juices to gush onto the bed. A soft smile crossed Amiiria's lips. 

"Open your eyes, my dearest champion. My agent of lust." 

Grace's eyes flitted open as she looked over her body. Her body now possessed two tribal suns with a broken heart on her hips. Amiiria smiled. "You are now blessed by my hand. No one will wish to turn you down. You will not contract any sickness as long as you bear my mark."

Amiiria smiled again as she moved down to Grace's labia. Her tongue began to dance over her lower lips and clit that could easily bring her to singing opera. But, it was not to be. Amiiria moved up to Grace's lips and kissed softly. "Your second gift..." she said placing her hand on Grace's mound, "... is this." Grace looked down and saw that Amiiria's had was moving upward. She watched entranced, as a cock began to grow. She stared and watched as she felt the nerves of the cock respond to the Succubi's hand. "Mmm. Nine inches is a good length with a fully functional pussy and cock. You are going to be my greatest agent that I have ever had."

Grace continued to stare. "Does... does it work?" All that Amiiria did was open her mouth and deepthroated the newly grown cock. Grace immediate moaned as she felt Amiiria's mouth surround her cock. "Oh shit! This feels amazing!"

Grace's cock emerged from Amiiria's mouth. "Good. Cause, I have your first task and a warning for you." She said as her tongue ran from labia to the head of her cock. Grace could only shudder and nod.

Amiiria continued between licks. "There are thirteen women who have prayed for children in the area. You shall be the sire of the children. Thirteen women in thirteen days. Should you succeed, you will have an even greater station an all materialistic things you desire. Do you agree to this?" Amiiria finished by taking all of Grace's massive cock down her throat.

"Yes, ma'am. I agree." Grace sputtered as she felt her cock begin to throb and a sensation of her gut tightening that felt similar to her vaginal orgasm but different.

Amiiria came up from the cock and began stroking it. "Good. Now, your warning... if a woman or man swallows your seed once, they will be infatuated with you. Twice, and they will be your obedient slave. A third... they will only be a shell. An orifice to be used. In a trance like state. We call this the crucibalis... at that point it is easier to have them become slaves to us to use as needed. Do you understand?"

Grace nodded again emphatically. "I think I am going to cum, ma'am."

Amiiria smiled. "Well, no use in wasting." She said as he placed her mouth over the head of the woman's cock just as she began to explode shot after shot of her seed.

"Damn... it has been so long since I've had that delicacy." Amiiria said, as if a cat caught with a mouse. "Your first woman arrives tomorrow morning. Call out of work. You have work to do."

Grace could only lay there and stare at the massive twitching cock slowly go limp. 'Well, this certainly changes things.' She thought as she drifted to sleep.