 STX - Part 3

(Sexually Transmitted Xenomorph)

Written by BB47

Warning, includes strong sexual themes. Intended for Adults only.

Part 3

___ _ ________ _ ___

Yesterday..

COMP ABBREVIATED AUTOLOG::

*init.tmfrm* Day 7 of Mis. B.3Q784 Current trans geostatic. orbit ~35786 km, Planet: Gliese 581 g.

++0100++ Seed Colony Kinawa 5, loc. N. hemi 28.60542°N 81.3839°W/ upgraded to critical status, Emergency Core command directive 9h initiated with CC Vessel "Triumph-BB47" to provide partial security oversight:: authorized.

++0101++ Case #5462M established. 

++0120++ Full data transmission complete to Core Command.

++0121++ Med-alert status initiated. -Standby- from Core Command for further instruction.

++0832++ Tier 1 Security override authorized by Capt. J. Rivers- All Primary transmissions to Core Command ceased.

++0833++ ... .. ]9h[ Core Command 1.654.7 initiated:: part. emergency override of hypersleep containment bay. -Priority 1 sequence, Case #5462M upgraded to Level E.

++1120++ ... ..]9h[ Core Command 1.659.3 initiated:: Sec. Officer -Lieutenant Cassandra Gallo chosen for Reanimation Contingency Protocol. Mission: reestablish Primary Control. Debriefed. Warning- Possible unknown contamination threat.

___ _ ________ _ ___

Present time..

This is going to be trickier than I thought, thought Cassandra to herself. 

She was floating just a few inches above the outer hull of the orbiting craft, peeking through an auxiliary port med-lab window. It had become obvious during the debriefing that the Captain had placed the entire ship in some sort of protective security lock-down. Knowing him, it would be impossible for her to move freely throughout the interior of the ship without triggering an alarm. Luckily, the Core command reanimation sequence provided for her had been activated using an upper-level priority code. The order to reanimate her had bypassed the Captain's security codes and allowed her a small bit of wiggle room.. but the rest was up to her. So far, it appeared that they were unaware that she was even awake.

An image of the captains penis popped into her head. Focus! she told herself, blinking a couple of times to clear her thoughts. It had been like that since she woke up.. meandering sexual images creeping into her mind. This was abnormal for her.. she wasn't usually this horny and didn't have time for these obscene distractions. She hoped it wasn't a latent symptom of the hyper-sleep.

She was given the authority and codes to commandeer the ship, but first she would have to dial in and override the comp from one of the physical access terminals.. voice commands wouldn't work. All of the primary terminals would be under tight surveillance, which only left maintenance access points; most of them inaccessible.

She was good at this. Captain Rivers himself had hand picked her for many of his missions and they had a working relationship.. well.. there was that one time in the cantina during shore leave at Osei. Well.. nothing really happened.. he was drunk and she was horny, but she had stopped it before it went too far; she wanted to keep their relationship professional. She pawned him off to her friend Cara from the Academy.. and after that he completely stopped paying attention to her. 

Later on, she noticed that he seemed to trust her a lot more after the incident. She had obviously done the right thing by not getting physically involved with him. 

However.. it always did nag her that he found Cara more attractive than her... not that she was jealous.. but what did Cara have that she didn't? They were both the same height and weight with almost the same hair color. Cara's smile was a little more crooked looking, but that shouldn't have made a difference. The only definite difference between the two was Cara's enhanced breasts. They were quite a bit bigger than her own B cups. She had heard her boast about her 'perfect' 34 G's. Surely that couldn't have made him more interested? Boobs?.. Nah... it had to have been something she said.. right? Yet, it still bothered her. If it actually was Cara's bigger breasts that had tipped the scale, then how many other times had she been dismissed or overlooked by other men due to her smaller breasts when she didn't realize it? For the millionth time, she wondered if would be worth it for her to go a bit bigger up top. Enhancements weren't all that big a deal... anyone could do it. There was just no reason for all of the stupid physical enhancements that women were into these days.. larger breasts would just get in the way. Wouldn't they?

What if she was bigger than that slut, Cara.. she'd show her how to catch the Captain's interest! It wouldn't be hard to do, there were probably a half dozen surgi-mod clinics at the nearest M-class station. She certainly had enough credits to get her breasts as big as she wanted.. shit, she could get them massive.. or even better, she could get an entire additional set! She bet the Captain would notice if she had four tits the size of exo-helmets!

Focus! she screamed at herself. What the hell had gotten into her?! Four breasts? For the love of Sark!

Shaking her head to clear her thoughts inside her exo-suit, she addressed the task at hand. Keep focused! She had to have her wits about her if she was going to succeed at this mission. She tried her best to push the lusty thoughts aside. At least her mind had cleared up a little bit when she slipped into the suit. 

Hmm.. something occurred to her.. based on the report, she realized that she may have to contend with some sort of pheromone attack if she came in proximity to the Captain. Luckily, that hadn't occurred yet. She had concluded that her current heightened sexuality could only be blamed on the effects of the hypersleep.. everyone knew that hormonal-chemical weapons were ineffective at a distance and besides, the ships scrubbers would have quickly eliminated any contaminants.

Gliding along the outside of the hull, she knew exactly how to avoid detection. The comp, efficient and smart as it was, had several, little-known blind spots on the outside of the ship. The difficulty would be gaining access through the exterior ventral exhaust dump. She didn't want to crawl through the guts of the ship, but it seemed to be the only way.

The debriefing had been strange. Up until the Captain had terminated broadcast, constant surveillance had been sent to Core command. She had seen the preliminary effects of some sort of change in Dr. Whitney. It had obviously been an abridged overview, but she got the gist. For whatever reason, the good doctor had taken it upon herself to take advantage of the bedridden Captain. There were comprehensive details about something overactive with his periaqueductal gray matter.. or some shit like that. Science was definitely not her strong suit. She was security.. just show her where to shoot.

The 3vex display had shown the Doctor in passionate throws of an amazing blow-job... she was still surprised by Dr. Whitney's skill and excitement. She didn't think the little Doctor had it in her.. it's a wonder she ever had anyone to practice on.. seeing how.. 'homely' she looked.

Approaching her target, she felt around the edges of the hatch until she found the weak spot. The trick would be getting the door open without the computer realizing that it was actually open. This would be impossible to do or know how to do.. unless it just so happened that your daddy was an E-9 Aviation Structural Officer who liked to tell maintenance techniques instead of normal bedtime stories. Cassandra never knew what a goldmine she had gleaned from her father's narratives until she found herself actually utilizing her knowledge in the field.

Her gloved fingers located the third rivet from the edge. Moving quickly, using the small bag of supplies she had brought, she pulled out what looked like a small, silver metal box with a readout on the top. She typed in a code and the box glowed for second and then unlocked. She felt it start to get heavy but before it pulled her towards the hull, she opened it up, removed one of the small black rods inside and reached over to stand it upright on the hull rivet where it stayed put. She closed and reactivated the AG unit to make it weightless again and turned to watch the exposed rod grow heavier.

Within a moment, its matter somehow reversed, and the ultra-dense, exposed rod began to pull itself down hard against the rivet. As it became trapped in the segmented artificial gravity well, the rod's extremely high super-mass acted like an object thousands of times heavier than it appeared. They were a gift from her father. He used to bring them home from work and let her play with them; left over pieces from standard Ultradrive construction. Back on Earth, outside of their containment units, the little pieces were so heavy that no one could pick them up once they were put down. They provided a delightful prank for a young mischievous girl with too much time on her hands. Now, they were a tool. Playtime was over.

With a small snap, the rivet and rod disappeared as it succumbed to the weight and shot into the inner hull.

She was poised and ready.. she only had a few seconds to get inside once the door opened. As she predicted, the comp instantly realized there was a breach and initiated a maintenance routine to test the hatch. Internally, the gravity zone would be temporarily shut down to avoid damage until the issue was resolved.

As the door swung open, she slipped inside and quickly crawled up the exhaust dump towards the duct-work. She avoided any area that would alert the comp to her presence. In a few minutes she found herself squeezing through a pipe quite close to her target area. 

Her helmet got wedged. Damn!, she cursed, the exo-suit was too bulky! She couldn't get the fucking thing through the vent. Shit! she thought, I guess there's no way around it.. I'll have to leave it behind.. I've got to keep going.

It took a bit of work, but she was able to undo the clasps and wiggle her way out of the material. The area she was in was climatized, so the suit was really unnecessary. She had only worn it this far due to the possible future threat of contamination from the Captain. But her sensors were reading normal. Her helmet readout had shown no known anomalies in the surrounding air quality. With a shrug, she detached the helmet and pushed the whole suit down below her feet.

As she squeezed her smooth yet muscular narrow shoulders through the next section of pipe, she realized that she was sweating profusely from the increased heat. Her short black hair had become messy and disheveled; it stuck to her cute, overheated face in wet strings. She gulped in the steamy air open-mouthed, like a dog panting in the summer heat. In an attempt to cool down, she started stripping off her jumpsuit as she kicked off her boots and socks. She felt every inch of the wet fabric as she peeled it from her olive skin.

From another perspective.. if you took away the pipe an observer would have mistaken her motions as highly erotic. She knew she had a nice, fit body. Her long legs were curvy yet fit. Her abs were tight and defined. The material was slippery and delicious feeling as it came off. She realized she felt quite alive and turned on. She was extremely aware of her body.. her legs.. her breasts.. her crotch.. she shook her head and focused on the task at hand. Quit that! she thought to herself, wondering what had gotten into her. She moved onward; almost all that remained on her tight sexy body was her sports bra and thong. Strapped to her right calf was a compression holster with several extra pockets filled with various tools. Sweat dripped from every pore as she pushed herself into the last and smallest section of pipework.

The tight pipe pressed against her erect nipples as she wiggled wetly around the final corner. The motion caused an uncontrollable urge to blaze up her spine.

"Ooooh.." she moaned, unable to keep herself from enjoying the feeling. She could barely move, the pipe held her like a tight lovers embrace; images of the Captain surged through her mind. Before she could help herself, she plunged her fingers beneath the wet, tight thong and began to rub herself into a frenzy. All she could seem to think about was his throbbing cock on the security video. She replayed Dr. Whitney's amazing act of fellatio over and over in her head. The smooth metal seemed to caress her sensitive breasts and thighs. The heat from the exhaust pipe was streaming across her skin, her body spasmed with emotion and she squirmed and squealed in delight as a yummy climax lit up her body like a plasma cannon.

"Uh!" she pulsed, "Oh!" "Oh Shit!" .. "OH FUCK!!" she cried as each wave of the orgasm blasted through her lithe figure. Her butt cheeks clenched and her legs flexed in a sexual rhythm. She couldn't help herself.. it felt so damn good! Colors and erotic images flashed through her head.. a few more strong jolts and it was over.. ...her bare toes curled as she basked in the afterglow of the moment.. her body hummed and shook with excitement. 

But no sooner had she caught her breath and the stirrings returned.

You gotta be kidding me! she thought as her loins began to ache with a renewed craving.

Her free hand slipped up under her sports bra and caressed her firm breasts, sliding back and forth between each nipple.. pinching and squeezing the supple flesh. Thoughts of Cara's larger G cup breasts vividly popped into her mind. She imagined her own breasts growing that large, the image was amazingly vivid and consuming.. oooh they felt so nice and heavy.. both of her hands reached up to knead her imagined.. newer, larger boobies, straining to escape the thin material of her bra.

"Do you like these, Captain?" she heard herself say.

"It's about time you figured me out," he whispered in her ear from behind her. His arms wrapped around her body and she could feel his chest muscles pressing into her back. Both his large hands groped and squeezed her amazing globes.

"You are so much hotter than Cara.." he said while licking her ear. She felt herself blush like a schoolgirl from his praise and attention. "I should have never let you get away."

"Do you want them bigger, John?.. I can get them made bigger if you want.. I'll do anything you want.." she writhed and undulated against his suddenly naked body. "I know you like my plump ass too.. I can get it bigger too.. fuck me John.. fuck me!"

She felt his rod slide between her glistening ass cheeks and split her wet lips as he rose up into her. His hands squeezed her breasts harder.. clamping down on the soft flesh in a wild impetuous act of lust. She moaned as he groped and pulsed within her.. together they moved.. faster and faster .. higher and higher until yet another mighty orgasm flooded her body. She tensed hard with each pulse of pleasure that buzzed through her.

Then he was gone... her mind struggled to refocus on her surroundings.. her breasts were back to normal.. she discovered she had somehow jammed the smooth handle of her isoblade deep up inside herself during her fantasy... how did that get?.. well.. I guess that's one use I never thought of.. she thought.. sliding the sticky metal out. 

As she laid there panting and moaning in the pitch black with her dark sweaty hair matted to her pretty face, juices leaking down her thighs.. she realized that this was definitely not a hyper-sleep reaction. She was experiencing the effects of a strong chemical/hormonal weapon of some sort. She felt her need growing again.. shit! she needed to get out of the tube.

Doing her best to keep her mind on the task at hand, she finished wriggling forward until she felt the hatch she was looking for. Her deft, sticky fingers traced the oval shape of the metal doorway.. feeling for the small ridge that would indicate the switch plate. Slipping a small, spoon shaped device from her holster, she aligned the head in a seemingly random spot on the access panel.

Her memory flashed back to her childhood playground on the military base.

A maze of broken pipes and other transport building materials sat clustered in a mansion-sized pile in the corner of the assembly hangar.

"Hold it like this, honey," her dad said to her. His large hands engulfed her own as he placed the Yamoto pulse-wrench in her tiny hands. She remembered his smell.. half machine oil and half Sono-scent651.. he always picked the same one from the shower menu... it was mom's favorite and he never stopped using it even after she died. Cassy had cried for a week.. and had never cried again. 

"Put your thumb here... that's right.. and.."

Click.

The door opened and a blast of cold, fresh air hit her like a slap. Her curvy hips barely made it through the tight opening. It felt like she was peeling off a skin-tight pair of pants as she emerged from the tight tube. For a thicker woman this would have been impossible but her thin body finally slid onto the maintenance compartment floor. Slipping a band from around her wrist, she tied her dark wet hair up in a quick ponytail to get it out of her pretty face as she checked for any sign of detection. 

Ok. Patience. All Clear. She took a deep breath... Go.

Moving like a cat, she barefooted it through the aisles until she found the waist-high manual terminal at the far end covered with red plastic. It had never been used. Quickly ripping through the seal, she activated the screen and started keying the override codes.

There was a limited time until the comp would be alerted to her deviant behavior. Therefore her first goal was to make her activity invisible to the system. Damn! she mused.. her codes would not allow her access into the primary command structure. 

So he thinks he's clever! Cutting off the bridge.. well we'll see about that.. she smiled; accessing a backdoor maintenance subroutine which accepted her new codes. With a quick tap, her authorization was complete. Ha!

"Partial re-authorization of command has been established, please note that there has been an error in assumption of bridge command, awaiting your instructions, Lieutenant Gallo," spoke the soft neutral voice of the comp.

"An error?.. what do you mean error?" she said, standing up and addressing the air while jogging to the exit.

"The bridge, and by proxy, most of the primary systems interfaces are still in control of Captain John Rivers, all actual systems outside of the Captains authorization have been rerouted to you."

"So.. even if he wants to do something.. the rest of the ship won't acknowledge it?"

"That is correct."

"I didn't realize the Comp could be split like that.. damn! Well, I'll take what I can get. First priority, do not notify the Captain of my reanimation or presence in the ship.. as a matter of fact, I need him to think everything is the same," she smiled as she climbed up out of the mechanical room hatch bay into a long curved hallway.

"Unfortunately, Lieutenant, the Captain was immediately notified once you accessed the 4th nested subroutine."

"Shit!" she spat as she picked up her pace. "That sneaky sob.. hmm.. that changes things.. we need to hurry... and I don't think I can go in the front door.. ooh.." she looked down and her hands were back on her breasts again.. pinching her nipples hard. Lust in her veins. Uh.. oh..

Within moments she dashed into the Medlab.

"Ok.. I need some sort of medicine or injection that will stop me from being so damn sexually turned on.. gahh.." she spoke through gritted teeth. She had both hands down in between her legs fingering herself while she tried to walk and talk. 

"Next.. ooh.. I'll need full activation of all interior defensive droid units.. and quickly! He's got.. got.. damn.. droids of his own on the bridge and we don't have much time before he locks the whole place down... uhhh... and lastly, I'll need a couple supplies.. come on you stupid machine! where is that damn injection!?"
