 Grace Miller woke with a start as the morning sun broke through the window. She glanced at the clock on her table side and sighed. 

'That had to be a dream.' Grace thought as she lifted her sheet. Much to her dismay, the giant throbbing member stood tall. Swollen and red as if preparing itself for its feast that it would soon have.

Grace stared flabbergasted as she reached for her phone and pulled up her email. She began to type flurriedly as her thoughts ran with what she needed to do. After the email was sent, Grace immediately called the Leave of Absence team to take a three week personal leave and needing time away due to 'personal issues'. It was 7 am by the time she finished with the call and had everything set up.

'How the fuck am I going to get thirteen women pregnant?' Grace thought as she headed towards the bathroom. She remembered the massive amounts of cum that flooded Amiiria's mouth the previous night. How amazing it felt as her cock began to spurt its load into the awaiting Succubi's throat and mouth. A smile crossed her soft lips unable to stop it. 'Well, if I make sure they are aware of what is going on... then I at least did my part.' She thought as she turned on the shower.

Grace took a moment and looked at herself in the mirror. Her physique had changed, ever so slightly. The small amount of fat she had on her stomach was now gone, revealing a toned stomach. Her skin had a soft tan to it where it used to be pale. The most curious thing was the two symbols at her hips. Her hands ran over the glyphs and immediately was more turned on than she felt prior to last night with the Queen of Succubi.

"I could get used to this." Grace whispered as she began washing herself thoroughly. Every few minutes, she would stroke her cock, enjoying the feeling of her hand gliding over it.

After washing up, Grace stepped out the shower and dried herself off. Going to her closet, she decided that she would wear the gift from her ex. A black corset with green trim and matching garter set. A smile trickled over her lips once more as she began getting ready for her morning 'appointment'.

She had barely finished getting dressed when the buzzer to her apartment rang. She walked over to the buzzer and pressed the return line. "Hello?"

A soft voice returned back. "Ms. Miller? I am Melissa. Your appointment for today? Madam Amiiria sent me at this time. May I come up?"

Grace thought for a moment and thought to herself. "Of course, come on up. The door is unlocked. I'm still getting set up." Grace let go of the buzzer and looked around, lighting candles and closing the blinds. While the exhibitionist in her loved displaying her acts for others, she wanted to make sure this woman would be comfortable.

It wasn't long before the door opened and a woman stepped into Grace's apartment. She was a beauty by all intents and measures of the word. Blonde hair that hung down to her shoulders, grey eyes, pale skin, her curves gave her the hourglass figure that most women would kill for. What astounded Grace though was the fact that this beautiful blonde had massive tits that were barely constrained by her tank top. Her plaid blue and black skirt hung on her hips just right to accentuate her curves and the barest glimpse of a navy blue thong underneath.

"Come... sit. Make yourself comfortable. Tell me. Did Madam Amiiria tell you what would happen here?" Grace said as she finished lighting the candles.

Melissa nodded, an excitement easily readable upon her face. "Yes, ma'am. I am here for you to get me pregnant."

Grace nodded. "Tell me, how did this come about." She said as she walked behind the woman, her hands running over Melissa's shoulders to relax her body.

"You see, myself and the others of my group... we have been trying to get pregnant for a long time now. I, myself, have been trying for seven years and have had 6 miscarriages. According to the doctor's, it would be impossible for me to carry a child. So, I prayed to everything in the universe. Madam Amiiria arrived and we struck a bargain." Melissa said as she leaned into Grace's massage.

Grace nodded. "Is this the same with the other women?"

Melissa nodded in return as she leaned back. It was easily apparent to Grace that Melissa was already in a state of arousal as the smell of her juices permeated around her.

Grace walked in front of her and stare as she slid the jogging pants down in front of her. "How long do I have you?" Grace said as her right hand slid down to her cock and grasped the base, running the head her massive member over the blonde's crimson lips. 

Melissa's tongue darted out as she moaned. "I have cleared my schedule for the next several hours. Until four in the afternoon."

Grace watched as she was entranced. "Then, we should start getting you pregnant, now shouldn't we?"

Before Grace could even say another word, Melissa's mouth had engulfed half her cock. A moan emanated up Melissa's throat as her hand dove between her thighs. Melissa lifted her skirt, shoving a finger inside herself as her tongue twirls around the massive cock between her lips.

Grace was in heaven. This woman was expertly sucking her cock with a fervor that she had only seen in herself. Melissa craved this. She desired it. Grace could only intertwine her fingers into the blonde's hair as Grace moaned in sheer bliss. The desire began bubbling up inside her as she looked down upon the blonde, whose expert mouth danced and bobbed up and down Grace's throbbing cock.

Grace moaned with sheer delight as Melissa continued to bob on her cock. With her fingers in the wiman's hair, Grace began to pump her hips wanting all of her cock down the waiting throat of the blonde before her. Each pump brought her closer and closer to spilling her seed. With a lurch forward, Grace through her head back in sheer ecstasy as her cock began to swell and spurt its cream down Melissa's throat. With each spurt, Melissa moaned and swallowed, her finger pummeling her own cunt as she drank Grace's seed.

Melissa smiled as she licked her lips. "That was some of the tastiest cum I have ever had. Now, I need that cock." She said, spreading her legs to show her dripping pussy.

Grace was entranced as she moved forward and ran her cock over Melissa's slick pussy. A groan escaped the blondes lips as Grace began to sink her cock deep into Melissa. It was a new feeling for Grace. She felt her cock being gripped and pulsates around as she sank herself deeper.

Melissa let out a low guttural groan of pleasure. "Please... I need your cum. I need to be fucked. Please... fuck me!"

Grace grabbed Melissa's hips and let her instincts take over as she began to pump into the woman. Melissa's tits bouncing with each thrust. Her cock already pulsing as she began picking up speed.

Melissa reached around to Grace back and drug her nails over her body. Grace arched under her nails and pulled out. "Flip over. I need to fuck you hard now." Grace growled. Immediately, Melissa was on the floor on all fours, ass in the air. "Please, ma'am, give me that cock!" Melissa pleaded as she wiggled her ass in the air.

Grace grabbed her by the hips and guided her cock straight to the wet pussy that waited for her. Giving only a second to adjust, Grace slammed the massive cock deep into Melissa's waiting pussy.

Grace began thrusting with all her force and she felt the blonde's pussy grip her as she watched her quake. As the orgasm overtook Melissa, Grace's own orgasm began shooting her load deep inside the opened and waiting pussy.

Each spurt coated Melissa's walls as Grace pumps slowed down. Slowly, Grace began to pull out. Her cum and juice covered cock remained hard as an audible pop sounded as she left Melissa.

Grace looked at the blonde and to the clock. 'Two hours... holy shit?!' She thought as she looked down to her cock, still hard and ready to spill more seed. Grace looked at the woman, drilling on the floor. "One more go?"

Melissa nodded, smile plastered on her face. "Anything you want, madam?" Grace could only nod as she stepped behind her once more. "You need as much seed in your pussy as you can, right?"

Melissa nodded again. "Yes, ma'am. I could take you pounding me again... if you want to give me an earth shattering orgasm..."

Grace nodded and ran to her bedside, pulling out her hitachi wand. "Use this on your clit as I fuck you. It should make this fun."

Melissa complied easily as she spread herself more for Grace. The loud and fast buzzing of the hitachi coming to life filled the room as Grace resumed her position.

As soon as she inserted her cock back into Melissa, she could tell it would be different. She felt the vibrations from the hitachi at her clit, along the base of her massive cock all the way to its head. Grace moaned in delight as she leaned back and began having Melissa bounce up and down on her masssive member. She licked her lips as she already felt her cock throbbing inside Melissa as she began to scream in bliss. Her body quaking as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her body and crashed upon the huge dick that was inside her. Deeper than any other before.

Grace watched Melissa writhe as she pumped up into her. She was so close already. She needed this so bad and she wanted to fill her up.

After a few more minutes, both erupted with the orgasms of their lives. Both collapsed on the floor and laid there with smiles and radiantly blissful.

Melissa was the first to move as she got up. "That was the best orgasm and fucking I have ever gotten. After I give birth, I want a round two.." Melissa said as she leaned over to kiss Grace. "Thank you... so very much." Melissa said as she hugged and kissed her. She began getting dressed as Grace stood up and watched.

Before Melissa left, she put a piece of paper on the cabinet and scurried out the door. Grace sauntered over and upon seeing what it was. Melissa left her phone number and a big 'Text me!'on the side.

Grace smiled as she put in the number in her phone, sending a text message with her name. Grace looked at the time. It was barely noon.

'Well, I guess it's time to shower.' She thought as she stepped into the bathroom.