 Vivian spent two days pondering her faith in the rundown house looking at herself in the mirror. Pink skin and the long tail showed no signs of disappearing and nothing she came up with helped her in any way. The priestess's connection to her old God was completely severed. In the morning of the third day, strange hunger forced the pink demon Vivian to look for food.

Exploring the village the food situation of the bandits was not any better than Vivian's. The ones who were supposed to be eating spooned air from empty barrels. 

Everywhere Vivian walked the eyes of the males followed her. No hostility was in them but a deep longing for something.

In general, the entire situation caused the former priestess to pity the vile men. Despite their actions, they still were human puppets to the same dark god that had corrupted Vivian. She did not understand what exactly had happened to them but she knew they too needed to eat. So Vivian and her thralled men went to search for food. The men followed her out of the village without asking.

Vivian did not know how to hunt or gather edibles form the forest and none of the bandits picked anything that she would dare to eat. They were bringing all kinds of plants to her without a single command. Vivian decided to find someone who had gotten the food for them. Maybe a trade of sorts thought Vivian driven by her hunger.

** * ** 

The group of armed men and the naked succubus found a road and it did not take long for them to find humans.

Vivian had wondered which way to go on the forest road when another group of armed men approached them.

"Demon is among the bandits," yelled the first soldier in the approaching group.

"Shieldwall," commanded their leader and the men soon formed a tight shield line.

They approached in a steady formation without letting any gaps to form.

Vivian could not believe these fellow humans could just attack her without provocation and just stood in shock. The bandits around her did draw their swords and moved to protect her.

"Be careful the demon is trying to charm us, resist your impulses," yelled the leader of these men.

"You will lose the sick need after you see its blood spilled."

"Stay in the formation you fools," the leader kept yelling to his soldiers.

One soldier dropped his spear and shield to run at the demon. Several others followed his example.

Fear was clear in the leader's eyes when he realized this was no low-level charm a human could resist with only strength of his will. Soon he too joined his comrades dropping their weapons and revealing their cocks.

The mass of men around the succubus almost doubled. Vivian did not know why all of the men had revealed their cocks again. She had not given any command this time. The men had blank faces but their erect cocks were messaging intent enough.

Vivian's body began to burn from hunger looking at the cocks. She could distinguish the new ones from the old ones by their shapes alone. Realising this did not make the formerly chaste mind the of the priestess happy at all. Her body starting to make lewd sounds on its own did not help with the lack of happiness. The walls of her hungry hole moved against each other and stream of love juice dripped down her thigh.

"This is the sick will of a vile god. Your desire is clear to me and we share the same curse. Now my new brothers, let us treat the evil infliction we are suffering from," the noble toned words were more to comfort the lust filled mind of the apostle rather than the men. 

Vivian barely recognized her body as her own and it belonged to the dark god more than to her. So it was only natural to let the sick body to be used according to the God's intent who had created it. At least that was the logic the desire filled Vivian's mind tried to build.

Vivian's attempt to justify her lust was interrupted as the mass of men sensed her intent behind the words. It did not take long for cocks to find their destinations. Those that did not find holes were rubbed against the pink skin. One of the men took the apostle's tail and began to suck it. There was no hole in it and only seemed like a strong tail but it did not take long for the female to discover the tip was one of her new erogenous zones.

Tingles of pleasure shot through Vivian's body even from the cocks that were not inside her. None of the men showed any signs of emotion on their faces, only desire filled eyes.

Many strong arms kept Vivian in the air and all her holes milked the men dry one by one. All with the same self-moving hunger. With sheer desperation for more nothing was allowed to spill if it could be helped.

Even when all cock-milk was dried up the rods were unable to soften and kept coming. The same cocks coming, again and again, started to feel comforting to Vivian. Like there would at least be one thing she could trust in her life and that was the cocks that never left her for long.

When a cock Vivian did not recognize was pushed into her from behind she forcefully turned around making several men fall down.

A small merchant caravan had come to the road the endless one succubus orgy was blocking. They had sent some men to check the group of soldiers surrounding something on the road, in the end, the entire caravan crew and its escort were now lining up to the inviting demon.

The apostle getting to know the newest cock was interrupted by a screaming woman. Some of the men had surrounded a female that had been with the caravan. Most of her clothes had already been ripped by the time Vivian managed to push herself past the mass of men. 

A blond woman was slowly sobbing as two of the men she had known for many years were now railing her like a spitroast. Her husband simply stood there rubbing his cock waiting his turn. The woman could not understand why this was happening or why her body was liking it.

Vivian could not let this continue and she pushed the men away with her superior strength. The blond female took this opportunity to run away to the woods, mixed juices streaming down her legs.

Somewhere in Vivian's mind she understood this could be bad and told the men to carry all the food they could find from the caravan and return to the bandit village.

** * ** 

Vivian had now over doubled the men that did not seem to be able to function without her. The only thing they had shown any initiative was to protect her or sexually use that other female.

The apostle did not exactly want to commune with the Dark Goddess but she was the only one able to give any answers to Vivian so she altered the chant she had used to talk to her previous Goddess. Of course with Vivian's low standing, the God had not talked to her back. Regardless, talking to any god should be done in a polite tone to not make them mad and send curses after the insulters.

"Dear Dark God who so bless me. Would you ever be so kind that you would answer some of my questions. Please," prayed the apostle in a fear-stricken tone.

"What you want?" Came irritated voice of the Goddess.

Being one of the Dark Goddess's highest ranked pawns on the human realms Vivian's connection would not be cluttered with millions of prayers. It was immediately heard by the Dark God it was intended to and in a polite tone she was not used to hearing anything aimed at her. Goddess of carnal lust and fulfiller of desires was not someone you normally prayed to adding please to the end.

Vivian's limited confidence was further shaken by the initial blunt response but she now had to continue or face the wrath of an ignored god.

"Dear Dark God can you tell me why all the men act strangely around me. Please," came innocent toned question from the naked succubus.

There was a pause before the laughter of the Dark God filled Vivian's mind. 

"I gave you many blessings and one of them entices any unprotected adult human males to desire you to a point that they want nothing else in their lives. Just a wish from you is a command they would die for. If you would be separated they might just kill themselves off from despair. Of course, if you are occupied they might go for any available females."

"What is your name my dear Dark God," asked the apostle wanting to know in case she could find any weakness from it. Evil gods had vices and those could be exploited by smart mortals according to the teachings of the divine gods.

"You can call me Sara," came the god's amused reply.

Vivian had never heard a god with that name. Then again all evil gods she knew were male. Teachings of her church never mentioned any female dark gods by name so asking it had been pulling straws in the first place.

"What are the other blessings you gave me?"

"What fun would it be if I told you all. Be glad I even told what that blessing was out on a whim."

"I thank you Dark God Sara for your time," Vivian said not wanting to be cursed by the vile god and to end the connection.

"Thinking of my time. That reminds me. I had a command I wanted to give you to help on your way to spread my truth to the world and undermine my annoying sister." 

"Go east my apostle and gather the orc and barbarian tribes to fight the evil that is the church of the Hypocritical Bitch Goddess Serana," Those were the words that made Vivian start her journey to the east.

When Vivian had served the Goddess her full name with titles had been Gracefull Saint Goddess of The Protecting Virgin Light Serana. Definitely not the shortest god name Vivian knew but according to the ancient scrolls she had been personally very insisting on that name. She had even refused to give any blessings to the high priestess of that era before she made it official. 

Vivian was strongly disturbed by the idea her holy Goddess had a sister like this so the apostle simply thought it was something the vile being had done to ridicule her.

** * ** 

It did not take long for the group of humans travelling in the wilds to find orcs who were extremely protective of the few lands they could keep safe from any human influences.

"No humans allowed. Leave. Even with demons," announced an orc from top of a rock.

"I have come to spread the word of the Dark God Sara to gather the orc tribes under her banner to fight the humans," came from Vivian in a bored tone.

The orc on the rock asked, "You mean the Fulfiller of desires?" 

Vivian nodded.

"Sure we fight humans, just fulfil our desires first. Then we take you to our village to fulfil theirs. Such is the bargain we have done for generations when the great fulfiller summons us to war."

"And what is your wish," asked the apostle.

"Not sure about the chief, he wants some big stuff but we boys want something more personal. My grandfather told me stories of the last war. How he never forgot the time he had with the apostle. If you want us to take you to our chief then come to sit on my lap and make all of us limp." 

The orc sat down to a rock while taking off the belt skirt keeping his nethers hidden.

Vivian could not turn away from the revealed green cock. In fact, some force made her approach it. She sat on the orc's lap feeling it was the right thing to do, the thing that was expected of her.

The first muscular rod was soon pushed in and Vivian found herself to be the one against the rock. Her shapely breasts were pressed against the cold stone as she was rammed from behind. Vivian's nipples hardened against the cold surface by the waves of heat radiating from her pussy going at full speed sucking the orc. 

"My grandfather was lying, this is better than war," announced the orc to his fellows. He had stopped moving and let the cum milking walls do the work they were made to do.

It did not take long for Vivian's proficient insides to get the seed from all five and they were soon moving to the Orc camp.

** * ** 

"Help us destroy the human colony and we will follow you as the dark seducer commands," were the only words the orc chief gave to Vivian. He even left the hut and ran away after that.

The chieftain did not want his mind to be clouded by the dark magic and settle for anything less beneficial to his tribe.

Two orcs escorted the apostle to the human colony that was built to civilize this area of the wild lands. Most of the trip they kept poking Vivian with their cocks but always retreated trying to prevent themselves interrupting the journey by railing the woman against the ground.

When they reached the ridge from which top the human settlement was visible the two orcs left to join the rest of their kind that had been following Vivian from more than a safe distance.

Vivian did not like the idea of just walking to a fellow human city and making all of them be thralled by the curse of the Dark God. Something was compelling the apostle to complete the task but it did not dictate how she should do it.

The apostle decided to trick the settlement that proximately housed two thousand humans to run away. There was only one threat that would guarantee that and that was a zombie infection. Settlement of this size in a remote location would not house many holy warriors who would be able to fight a zombie horde and letting the infection pollute their only water source would make them run away in panic. 

It was a common tactic during wartime especially if one side was losing and had no other options but normally not done as several holy warriors could deal with large groups of zombies easily.

The newly built town only got water from the river flowing next to it so all the apostle needed to do was to pretend to infect it. Vivian only needed zombies but lucky for her there was a group of around hundred men around her that could be made act the part on her instructions.

It did not take long for Vivian to get the males to whine in the soul-wrecking tone usually only zombies did. It was not exactly the same but close enough. The apostle walked the men along the shallow river towards the settlement. Her group coming from upstream the humans hopefully would think something bad was happening to the river and leave.

Vivian stopped in the middle of the river and most of them were waist deep in the slow-moving river. They were relatively far from the settlement but if they went too close humans might see something was wrong with the zombies. Their swaying bodies and howls could be seen and heard from here. The apostle hoped her body would be hidden behind the men.

** * ** 

Carofina's first assignment as fully fledged paladin had been to a dusty border town in the middle of nowhere. Sure it was traditional for newest paladins to get the worst assignments. There would be no glory in beating few orcs or operating as the judge over small religious matter some commoners had. She had gotten used to the idea of spending her two-year assignment here just honing her fighter and magical skills but all of it changed in one moment when a messenger came.

"Zombies, zombies are coming," yelled the militia messenger to the paladin after barging through the door to her office.

The paladin would have kept trial and judged the man on the spot in a normal situation for breaking protocol but the word "zombies" was all Carofina's ambitious ears heard.

** * **

This zombie attack was the paladin's ticket out of this place. Carofina observed the approximately hundred zombies consisting horde from top of the man height mud-wall that was surrounding the town. There were no stones to be found anywhere close here and the few around this area had been used to build the church.

Hidding her long blond hair behind her helmet the paladin rode her horse out of the small wooden gate of the town. Carofina could not risk the two hundred town guard to get infected so they were left behind. Or that's what the paladin had told them. There would have been enough crossbows at the garrison but there would not be any glory from that to her. Carofina needed to beat this horde alone while the men looking from the wall witnessed it. That should be enough to get her out of this dusty place a year faster, sand was not one of her favourite things.

Riding closer Carofina saw the zombie horde move away from her. Dismounting the horse and telling it to return to the town to save it from bites the holy warrior pursued the horde into the river. 

The paladin's magic let her walk on the river surface and hitting the zombies with her hammer and shield from elevated position would make this task too easy, not to mention the magic she could channel through the hammer.

First bolts of holy light flew towards the mass of fake zombies, they were knocked down and the stream made them flow towards the paladin coming from downstream. As some of them floated past the paladin she could see some of their faces. They looked normal, not rotting at all. 

The moment the paladin saw one of the floating men stand up again she knew something was definitely wrong. There now were several men approaching her from all directions. The more eager ones already got hit by the hammer and seeing bright red blood spread made the paladin realize these were living men. It did not take long for Carofina deduct what really was going on. A pink demon was running towards her. 

Vivian yelled, "Run I can't control them when they are like this."

Carofina's magic was useless against living demons who manifested physical bodies but her hammer would make quick work of it. This was a succubus and killing her would make the men lose purpose and scatter. The demon was running towards the paladin without any weapons. This would indeed be too easy thought Carofina again smiling under her helmet.

The paladin's smile froze when several hands rose from the stream of water trying to pull her down. The magic could hold her armour on top of the water but not multiple men on top of it. Carofina's hammer and shield kept knocking some of them away but she could not kick them off or move too fast or the magic would lose effect under the increasing strain and risk her falling into the river.

Hands of the males the paladin could not strike away kept trying to loosen her full-body armour. One of the hands found a place that made Carofina lose focus for a second and it was all that was needed for her to fall into the river.

Carofina lost her shield to the river flow but her hammer knocked away several more after she managed to restore her stance. These men were still weaker than her and way less protected. Just a strike from her armoured glow was enough for most. The sheer number of them still proved fatal in this situation. The paladin eventually lost mobility of both of her arms and her metal boots were stuck in the river mud.

Vivian managed to get close to the paladin just when they had gotten her helmet and first armour pieces off. When she had pushed one of the men away the apostle had liberated the arm of the paladin who struck her with a knife.

The limp body of the demon was carried to the beach by some of the men. They began no feed their seed to her after pulling the knife out.

The paladin's triumph of killing the demon did not last for long. The men had not stopped and soon managed to remove rest of her armour. The enhancements should have prevented anything of the sorts happening but Carofina could feel something powerful was weakening and attacking the Goddess's magic that was in and around her. The attack was coming from the body of the demon. It flowed to the men who amplified its effects. Being this close to them even the inexperienced paladin could sense it but she did not exactly have the time to research the mechanic this horde was using to attack her defences.

Male cocks of the men probing the paladin's naked skin were not just humiliating her but also assaulting her internal mental walls. Carofina's body was distorted from the pain of her God-given barriers rumbling away one by one. A stronger paladin might have been able to fight back but this was just a fight between the aura of one goddess's champion and her rival's low ranking pawn.
