 Author's Note: Hi everyone! Sorry that this has taken ten times longer than I ever intended for it to be. However, things have cooled down and I can finish working on Grace's story. Please feel free to let me know in the comments what you think of the newest chapter. Now, without further ado.

**************

Grace slowly began to stir as the groggy feeling began to lift. Her eyes slowly adjusting to the light as she saw Amiiria and Natasha standing over her. Natasha's eyes seemed to stare in wonder at her as Grace began to sit up.

"What happened?" Grace said, bringing her hand up to her head. Her muscles were on fire as her head pounded with a sharp throbbing pain.

"I believe, if i must say, you have fully accepted your duties as my Scion and the metamorphosis of your body is finally complete." Amiiria said, as she stood above Grace, eyes moving over her body. "And, I must say, you could give my second in command a run for her money." Amiiria smiled as she offered a hand.

Grace reached up and paused. Her skin was now tan with a tribal tattooing that ran down her arm, symbols interwoven with tribalistic patterns that swirled around them. Her eyes moved to the rest of her body. The tattoos and glyphs seemed to cover a majority of her body with Amiiria's marks that were her hips significantly larger than before. The marks now were red with a jade green outline that ran along her body framing her breasts and her groin. 

Grace rose to her feet and looked at Natasha. "Why is my head throbbing?" 

Natasha looked at her, obviously worried as she rose from the floor. "Your personal magic is developing. As such, your Scion powers demand you give into your craving. The next person you fuck... you will lose control and you will make them a slave to your whim."

"Is there a way to stop this?" Grace groaned. She had just gotten used to her new body. She looked to Natasha and hung her head. "And, once I do this?"

"Your powers will be complete. You will be fully a Scion of Lady Amiiria. This is the only way." Natasha said as she began to undo her blouse.

Grace grabbed Nasha's hand, shaking her head. "No, I want it to be someone who is willing to be a slave to my cravings and only that. They will be a toy and nothing more." Grace said as she looked to Amiiria, not failing to miss the subtle smirk that crossed the Succubus' lips.

Amiiria nodded once, her eyes closing as she seemed to analyze her thoughts. "There is one person that would be perfect for this. And, she is unable to conceive. She would be perfect for your use. I would suggest, Natasha, that you call her immediately. I will let Makara know that your powers will be ready for the gathering."

Grace looked to Amiiria as her fingers squeezed the bridge of her nose. "Who? Who is Makara?" Her green eyes focusing on Amiiria whose lips curled into a smile.

"Makara is my second in command. She is a Succubus, much like myself. She is known as the Thorn of Lust. You will meet her at the gathering." Amiiria said as Natasha pulled out her phone, furiously typing away a text message before going back to check on Grace as she put her phone away.

Grace sighed as she began to stand up. "So, how long til this woman gets here. I would like to freshen up. And look less... battered."

Natasha shook her head as she bit her lip. "Grace... you look astounding. Simply delicious." Natasha cooed as she looked up into her lover's eyes. Grace clocked her head as she began to look over her body. Her arms were now covered in tribal glyphs over her arms and legs. As she stared, her hands moved to her now much fuller breasts with a smile. Her stomach now held the toned abs as if she worked on her core her entire life. When her hands stopped at her cock, Grace's eyes grew wide as she realized that she was now as thick as a beer can with about 11 inches in hard cock that pulsed and throbbed. Her finger began to wrap around the engorged member and felt like a spark of erotic electricity coursed through her body.

Grace's lips curled to a wicked grin as she looked to Amiiria. "What would happen if I were to... fuck a guy?" she asked as her fingers ran up and down the massive shaft of flesh between her legs.

Amiiria paused as she looked Grace in the eyes. "You would just turn them into anal-loving succubi slaves who need to feel a cock in them or serve a cock at least 2 times a day."

Grace nodded as she looked down to her massive cock. 'One way or another... I will make him mine again. Damn the cost', Grace thought as her mind travelled back to Jason and Brian. The two men and reasons no man would ever truly hold her heart.

Amiiria placed her phone on the bar as she looked to Natasha. "Our gift to Grace will be here in the hour. We should make sure that you are not on the premises when she arrives last you wish to also only serve Grace's lust."

Natasha drowned as she looked to Grace, pausing as she wrapped her arms around Grace with a smirk. "After you make her your slut, I'm getting that cock tonight. I am wanting you." Natasha whispered into her ear before kissing her neck. As she unwrapped Grace from her embrace, she winked and joined Amiiria.

Grace watched the two leave her apartment and huffed as she looked around, beginning to think of where to defile this woman who would be joining her soon. How she was going to take this woman's free will away to only serve her wants and desires. Grace's eyes moved to the clock on the wall. Nine in the morning, "I must have been passed out for at least the night." 

Grace made her way to her closet as she opened the door and begin to stare at her apparel that hung in the closet. Her eyes roamed each piece of clothing causing her to sigh as none of the items provoked her wanton desires and thoughts to spring forth.

She rolled her eyes as she looked to the clock and seeing that she still had 40 mins til her soon to be sex slave would arrive. Grace could only sigh as she looked to her bathroom as the memories of the previous day filled her mind, dancing around and replaying every second of hedonistic want and craving again as she felt the now all too familiar stir in her loins as her cock began to swell.

Grace removed her hands from her hardening member as she rose from her seat. "Fuck it, I'm just going to meet her like this. It wont matter soon anyway." Grace thought as she left her bedroom sitting in the chair with her back to the door.

Her thoughts began to wander to her previous life. To Brian, her first true love. To Jason, the one who got away. Her memories playing their last embrace as she watched the memories unfold like a movie within her mind.

BZZZZT!

The doorbell chimed as she withdrew from the sensual moments of her past as she returned to the present moment. Grace stood from her seat, walking over to the intercom.

"May I help you?" Grace asked, her voice oozing with wanton need and lust.

"Yes, I was contacted about an opportunity with a Ms. Miller. I am supposed to meet with her in 30 minutes to discuss the job." A meek and mousy voice squeaked in reply to her. Grace smiled to herself. It was always the quiet ones that were the sex fiends.

"Yes, please come up. I am waiting for you." Grace replied as if she was a cat who had caught the bird she had been chasing for a very long time. The sheer glee that rose within her as she began to put her thoughts to what would be done.

'...I let my instinct...', Grace heard within her mind, as if a far off echo of a distant past.

She shook her head as if to shake the memory loose. Now was not the time as the elevator to her penthouse began to rise from the ground floor. Grace but her lip as she move to the chair with her back to the elevator, having only sat down as the doors slid open.

Grace's crimson lips curled to the devious smirk as she lifted her hand, motioning for her guest to come to her. "Who do I have the pleasure of... interviewing... today." Grace said as she watched the woman in the reflection of the windows. She looked to be, even by Grace's standards, the stereotypical librarian in her mid forties. She couldn't have been any taller than 5 foot 5 inches and a petite frame. But, what drew Grace's eyes was the thick ass that swayed as she walked towards the chair.

The woman stopped in front of the chair looking around before her hazel eyes fell upon Grace sitting in the chair, letting this woman's eyes admire her form as her cock began to harden in front of this librarian.

"What is your name?" Grace said as she stood from the chair as she now towered over the woman. 'Damn... I've grown too.' She thought as she began to appraise the woman in front of her.

"My name is Angela... Angela Bishop. Most just call me, Angie." She said meekly as she felt Grace's green and blue eyes creep over her.

"Well, that can be changed. Do you know what it this... position entails?" Grace said as she step closer to Angie as her hands began moving up her sides and feeling her body as Angie only nodded.

"Yes, Ms. Miller. If I accept this, my family will live a life of luxury and will, unknowingly, serve to further Ms Amiiria's needs here as I serve yours. If I accept, I will no longer have any will of my own... Right?" Angie said as she bit her lip. "My kids are grown up. My husband hasnt fucked me in years.. too busy fucking his secretary with that little guy he calls a penis. There is nothing that is holding me back to my current life." Angie said as she looked into Grace's eyes. "I would be happy to be used by you. If that means I get fucked by this or different cocks.. as long as I dont have to see that trash I call a husband. I will willingly serve you." 

With that, Angie fell to her knees and eagerly began to strike the massive rod as she slowly took the meaty head between her lips as her tongue swirled over the purple spongy tip.

Grace could only smile as she watched Angie eagerly devolve herself, transforming from bookish pride to sex maniac in front of her eyes. "If you become mine, I will make sure you get back at your hubby and take him for all he is worth. Though, you wont need money. Your finances will be rolled into mine. Do you accept?"

Angie had already began bobbing her head to take more of Grace's cock before coming up and nodding with a grin as she licked her lips. "Yes, ma'am." Angie said before returning to taking Grace into her throat as Angie's hand ventured down into her pants as Grace could tell the floral musk of Angie was wetness.

Grace moaned as she enjoyed the mouth that was eagerly enveloping her flesh setting her sensations into overload. Her cock already spamming as she felt her hips begin to pump on her own. As she was beginning to enjoy the sensations, she saw the glyphs began to burn a deep crimson red as her hands grabbed both sides of Angie's head and forced her cock completely into Angie's mouth and down her throat as she felt Angie's teeth slightly scrape on her cock, it seemed to only spur her on.

Grace felt she was along for the ride as her body began to move as if on pure animal instincts as she began to use Angie's mouth like another hole for her to use. Grace couldn't believe the sadistic side that her body was doing to Angie who wasnt fighting as Grace pumped her hips as fast and hard as she could. With each pump, tears would flow down Angie's cheek. Grace could only moan and growl as she felt the first load begin to threaten its release as Grace plowed the willing throat with forceful pumps as the spit and drool leaked around her cock and dropped down Angie's chin and the sound of her gags only spurring Grace on further.

Grace grunted as she felt her cock begin to spasm as she watched Angie lock her lips around the throbbing meat that began to shoot its seed into her mouth and down her throat as Grace's hips pumped of their own volition to make sure every drop of her cum made it into Angie's mouth.

Angie rose to her feet licking her lips as she looked to Grace with her hand still inside her pants. Angie bit her lip asGrace moved closer to her and it was the a swift moment, Grace's moved to Angie's blouse ripping it open as she pushed Angie against the wall closest to them.

"From now on, your body is mine as I please. You will sleep at the foot of my bed and used as I wish. Whether that is by me or others. The word no is not in your vocabulary now." Grace growled as she ran her fingers began to roam over Angie's full breasts.

Angie arched under Grace's caress as Grace moved her hand to the clasp of Angie's bra that sat between her breasts. With a single movement and the augmented strength Grace now possessed, the clasp easily came apart as it tore from the fabric. Angie's breathing became more erratic as she felt Grace's hand moved around her throat in an animalist display of dominance. A low growl began to emanate from Grace as she forced Angie down to her knees as her free hand wrapped around the massive pole.

Angie's eyes moved up to look in Grace's as she began to open her lips, slowly taking the spongy head into her mouth. Grace's eyes closed as she felt the warmth of her new slaves mouth begin its work as Angie slowly sucked upon the enormous cock. Grace's mind swirled and danced in the throughs of ecstasy as her hand moved to the back of Angie's head with her fingers gripping a bundle of brunette hair as Grace began to have Angie take more of her length down her waiting throat.

Grace's hips slowly began to set the rhythm of her thrust into the warmth of Angie's mouth as she felt Angie's tongue swirl over every inch of flesh that she could get to, slowly taking more of Grace into her, moaning as she felt the cock slide down her throat. Grace archer as she felt the tightness of Angie's throat around the head of her cock as her eyes looked down upon Angie. With only a wink, Angie slammed her head to where her lips touched Grace's pelvis before coming back up to allow the cock to escape her lips with a gasp.

"Use me, mistress. I want to be unmade and turned into your little bitch." Angie whispered before taking Grace back into her mouth as her hand glided up and down the saliva-soaked shaft.

Grace's head fell back as she was overcome by her desires and the absolute blissful feeling of Angie's attention and experience. Grace nodded as she began pumping into Angie's mouth as hard as she could, enjoying the sounds of her gagging slightly from the force of her pumps. Each pump causing her cock to throb more as she watched Angie's hand move to her breast and begin to pinch at her own nipples individually.

Grace continued to ram he turgid member into Angie's mouth as she felt her impending orgasm begin to creep upon her. "That's right, my little bitch. Swallow my seed. Show me what a good little cumguzzler you are." Grace growled as her cock throbbed harder than before. She could feel her seed begin to spurt as she arched before beginning to spasm, sending torrential spurt after spurt into Angie's stomach. Grace could feel Angie's throat milking her head as kept bobbing her head to get as much of the seed as she could as Grace groaned in delight as her cock pushed the most seed she ever felt into the waiting throat.

Angie obediently swallowed with fervor as her hand stroked Grace's cock while the massive head remained in her mouth, trying to get every last drop. Once satisfied she had done so, she let Grace's cock fall from her lips and her tongue began to move over lips looking for remnants of the seed.

"Mistress, this body is for your use. How may I serve you?" Angie said as she remained on her knees, looking up to the taller woman who stood above her as her fingers danced over Grace's cock.

Grace smirked as she looked around the room before stopping at the patio balcony that extended from the roof."Strip, bitch. You don't need clothes." Grace said as she walked to the glass door and reached for the handle, before sliding the glass door open. Angie followed Grace with a smile on her lips, even though it was just before noon, Grace could feel the thrill of the possibility of people watching her fuck her new slut and break her in.

"Bend over the table." Grace said as she looked to Angie as her hand stroked her swollen and thick cock.

Angie only nodded as she did just as Grace commanded, bending over the table with her legs spread as her hands reached back spreading her ass to allow Grace full access to both of her holes. 

Grace could only lick her lips as she began to move closer to Angie as she began to rub the head of her massive prick over the wet lips of her cunt. Angie moaned as her back arched while keeping her ass spread. "Oh FUCK!" Angie groaned as she felt Grace push into her waiting pussy as she began to grip Grace's member.

Grace moved Angie's wrists to the small of her back and placed a hand over them pinning them to her back as her other hand moved to the woman's hair, pulling tightly as she began to pump into Angie's waiting slit eliciting the groaning ecstasy as Angie's eyes almost rolled back.

Each pump pushed deeper into Angie's body as Grace kept her in the position forcing Angie to take as much of her as she could slam into the older woman. "Mmmm. Such a good cumslut. Show me what a good little bitch you can be." Grace growled she began thrusting as hard as she could into Angie with no respite. Each pump was forceful as Grace made sure that Angie took her entire length and girth up to her groin as the sound of wet flesh slapping together surrounded them.

Each pump caused Angie to arch beneath her as she felt wave after crashing wave rip through her and crash down upon Grace's meaty pole as she slammed into Angie repeatedly to her savage rhythm. Grace's head rolled around as her hips continued to slam herself deep into Angie, feeling the growing crescendo of her own impending orgasm beginning to rise. 

Grace moaned as she pulled herself out of Angie, flipping her onto her back before slamming back into her. Grace lifting one leg to her shoulder as her hand moved around Angie's throat. Angie's head fell back as a primal scream emanated from her as the strongest orgasm crashed down on Grace, meeting her pumps as Angie screamed. "OH YESSSSS!! FUCK ME!! HARDER! MISTRESS!! MAKE ME YOURS!! I NEED THIS!!" Angie screamed as her hand reached down, beginning to rub her clit before Grace stopped her hand.

"Did I give you permission, slut?" Grace growled, pulling out to only leave the head of her penis inside before slamming back into her, making sure to be methodically slow in her pumps.

Angie could only groan and shake her head. "No, ma'am! Im sorry! Please! I need you! Please may I rub my clit?!" The woman said beneath Grace as she used her free hand to lift her other leg.

Grace only nodded before going back to slamming as hard as she could into her slut. Her cock throbbing signalling her own impending orgasm as she began to speed up. Angie reached down, rubbing her clit. 

"Oh Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! IM COMING!" Angie screamed as she felt Grace slip from her pussy and move to infront of her as Grace slammed her cock back into Angie's waiting throat, pounding as hard as she could with no care for Angie's need to breath. Only for her cock to cum. Each pump was met by the sound of Angie gagging as she continued to rub at her clit. Her body was thrashing as Grace finally slammed herself completely down Angie's throat, arching as her cock began to shoot her hypnotic and aphrodisiac of virile seed down into Angie's stomach.

"That makes two." Grace grunted as she pulled her cock back from Angie's lips as Angie's thrashing began to slow as her body quaked from the sheer power of her orgasm.

Grace turned and looked around as she walked over to the table, grabbing towels from the sunning chairs. "Come... I must get ready for the gather tonight... And you will aid me, slut." Grace said as she snapped her fingers.
