 "Look at here mates. We have a real priestess here and she's going to heal all of our poor souls. Not to mention take all our seed," announced the bandit chief with the laughter of his men echoing him. He had first paraded the woman through this rundown place that bandits called their village and now she was bound to a pillory that was aimed sideways to the audience.

The bandits had even had put a gag on the priestess to prevent her from casting any magic. It was not like this priestess could do it regardless. Vivian had never learned anything than basic healing spells and mind shields. Even though she had been studying over ten years now which was over half of her life. That probably was also the reason Vivian had been sent to the border villages to teach them the ways of the civilized world. The priestess being captured by vile bandits even before she got to the border was all thanks to the church "not having enough resources" for an escort.

Now that the chief's presentation was over Vivian could feel the bandit removing her undergarments and revealing her backside for all to see. She prepared with prayer what mental defences she could around her mind.

"Heard all priestess's are virgins. Time to find if its true," the bandit chief yelled while thrusting his brick inside the woman's unused pussy.

Only thing Vivian felt was screeching pain that was only barely dampened by her mind shield.

"Look all its true. Definitely a virgin. Hahaha. I guess you need a career change after this. We just happen to have some openings in the stalls. All you need to do is to be a cum bucket and make more strong men like us."

There was no way the priestess would accept job offer like that but it wasn't like he was offering any other options. Vivian did not want to accept the end given to her. Her faith had never been the strongest among the priestess's and now her faith and protections of the goddess were rumbling even more after every painful stab the man did. Her lack of faith in the unknown might have been the reason she never progressed beyond the basic tier spells. They were used to draw power from the gods after all.

"Hah. This holy bitch is taking it hard the first time and not even a whimper. You have waited for this all your pure life, haven't you? Well, now you have all our cocks. All day all night."

The male's thrustings finally broken the magical shell around Vivian's mind and her prayer to the goddess was interrupted. All the priestess could feel was painful shivers through her body and deep desperation.

"Line up mates, this hole is gonna get used all night long," announced the chief as he shot all of his seed deep into Vivian's previously pure pussy.

Vivian was burning deep inside, wet and cold at the same time as the next cock was pushed in and started its violent thrusts.

The pain was going to overwhelm Vivian and she yelled in her mind, "I will change I will believe, I will believe in anything, any god, I will dedicate my entire being to you just make the pain go away."

The priestess was falling into oblivion from the thrusts that made her entire body shake but then Vivian heard a voice other than the leering bandits.

A sultry female voice intruded Vivian's mind, "Your prayer has been heard and I will accept your allegiance. Now become my fifth apostle of carnal lust."

As Vivian heard the words of the voice it made her more fearful than hopeful. All her mental defences were down and any magical being could invade her and this one did not sound divine.

Vivian soon realized the pain was gone, but it was replaced by something.

"I... pleasure? This cannot be. I'm still violated by those vile men. This is wrong. This is blasphemous," Vivian yelled in her mind.

The priestess's mind was now sinking to desperation for a new set of reasons and she could feel her body starting to change. It moved in ways Vivian did not understand. The only thing she knew was that this had not been what she wanted. Vivian's prayer was out of desperation and meant for the noble gods of light. Not to some perverse Dark God that would use her as its toy.

Vivian began to curse her lack of faith but she was interrupted by a new sensation inside of her body. The movement of the bandit's dirty cock had changed. After some focus, Vivian realized it was her movement that had changed. She could feel how her internal walls were moving him deeper. Sucking his cock. Squeezing it dry as it unloaded his filth. The priestess's inner walls guided it inside her deepest chamber. Vivian was driven to deep mental confusion by this.

"This bitch ate my cock so hard you can't believe," the ejaculated bandit bragged.

"Stop bragging and move. Let the next one in," an impatient bandit replied.

"You are right this hole is so tight. Feels still like a virgin's," the impatient bandit continued after getting his cock into the squeezing hole.

The bandit's words were blurred as the fully transformed hole started to suck him harder than the last cock that was in.

"Hey stop playing around. You aren't even thrusting it in and just shaking around like some clown," yelled a bigger bandit as he pushed away the man currently inserted into the hungry hole.

As the male fell down the bigger bandit went in and started to thrust. Vivian's pussy sucked him as hard as before. All of the walls clamping down and guiding it deeper after every thrust. Orgasmic waves went through her body and Vivian's vision started to blur with a pinkish hue.

The priestess was drowning in a lust filled confusion as the bandit stopped thrusting with his disgusting brick. He had left it all the way in and Vivian's pussy was milking him endlessly.

Sometime went past before nothing more could come out of him, but his brick was still fully erect and fully inserted.

Vivian could not hear any noise other than some birds. It was eerily quiet after all the berating the bandits had done before. From the direction of her head, she could not see any bandits. They all had lined behind the priestess.

Vivian really wanted to make her body stop sucking the now empty cock, but she had no control over it. The priestess tried to free her hand since she could do nothing else. Vivian's hand broke the binds on the pillory in one move and she stood up in amazement.

Vivian turned around and the cock was pulled out. Standing there Vivian could see at least twenty bandits with fully erect man bits pointing at her. None of them moved and all of them had the same blank look on their faces. The pink hue was still floating around, but Vivian could not let herself be distracted by this and turned around to run away.

At that moment her tail slapped against Vivian's pink thigh. "Wait. I have a tail? And my thigh is pink?" asked the confused female.

As the priestess looked and touched all around her body she could see it was fully pink and her skin was soft and tingled from every touch. Vivian's tail was long and its tip was almost penile shaped.

"You gotta be kidding me," came from Vivian's lips. Whatever had happened to her made it hard for Vivian to take things seriously anymore and she started to giggle.

"This definitely was not what I asked for," she yelled as she started to run out of this cursed camp.

"FEED," rang in Vivian's ears as her body went into a complete halt.

"FEED MY APOSTLE," repeated the voice now with even more power behind them.

The priestess was trying to think ways to resist it but was interrupted with new set of mental words.

"FEED, I DID NOT GIVE YOU THIS GIFT FOR FREE." 

Strong pain forced Vivian to drop to her knees.

"Fine, I feed if that's what you want," Vivian yelled not being able to resist the pain anymore.

There was no answer. The voice had not said what to feed on but deep down Vivian already knew what this perverse god being wanted her to feed on. Vivian turned around and started to walk towards the still forms of the bandits.

The practical part of Vivian began to figure out how she could do this with least amount of effort and pain. Then again pain was not the thing she needed to worry anymore. Her real fear was losing to that filth demon so she only wanted to do the bare minimum to help in any task it gave her. As a priestess, she knew well how gods got more power through tasks and sacrifices offered to them.

"It would sure make my task easier if these men were laying down and not standing," Vivian thought.

"Sit," Vivian said as a joke to berate these evil men. They all sat down in unison. "Lay down," they obeyed. Vivian ordered the ones closest to her move away since they would still be empty from before.

If Vivian really wanted to do it fast she could probably just order them to take her all at once, but that would have been too degrading for her even now. So Vivian had no choice but to do this herself.

Vivian lowered herself to take the cock of the first bandit and her hungry hole instantly started to milk it like it had been starved for years. This repeated with all of the twenty-five bandits.

When Vivian had finished her task she looked around. The priestess remembered that they had mentioned something about other captives in their stables. Vivian wanted to save them before leaving and started to look around. She first looked around the building that she assumed were stables. It was almost empty and housed only some farming equipment and barrels. Going through rest of the buildings they were almost as empty.

When Vivian was looking around the last house she saw her reflection from a mirror. The priestess's skin was entirely pink and the tail was almost the length of her arm. The hair was white and her boobs were huge. Vivian looked down and cupped them with her hands and she could feel that they were unnaturally lightweight for something so big that she had not even noticed them before. Considering how before she did not even need a breast support most of the time this change was really puzzling to Vivian. They felt soft and tingly from her touch.

Looking in the mirror again Vivian stopped to fondle her grown breasts out of shame as she realized there is no way she could go back like this. Or go anywhere like this. Vivian would be killed on sight by any soldiers or at least they would try. The priestess knew well what the church did to heretics and considering her status in the church and her current outlook she definitely would be counted as one. Depressing feeling caused by her condition made Vivian lower her shoulders and walk out of the house.

The bandits had formed a crowd around the house while Vivian had been inside. 

With scared voice Vivian said, "I did not tell you to move. What do you want from me?"

"We wish to serve," they voiced in unison. They still had the same frozen faces than before, but their bodies had more motion as they swayed from one side to another.

"You wish to serve?" escaped Vivian's lips.

"Yes," came their reply.

"Carry on then, but leave me alone," Vivian whimpered and the bandits spread around the village to do various task. All in silence. Only the sounds from their activities could be heard. Especially disturbing was the silent belly dance one of the fatter bandits was performing to some of them. Vivian was creeped out by this odd behaviour and went back inside the house.

The newly made demon sat down and started to think whatever she had done wrong to deserve a fate like this.

"I might be your apostle for now but I will undermine you in every turn," Vivian whispered while looking at her reflection. The lack of any more immediate options she could do not coming to her mind did not even puzzle her. Being too focused on the outward changes to think about what else might have been altered.