 Alex's finger slipped into the tarnished ring seemingly of its own volition as he dipped his hand into the box of old jewelry in the back of the cramped antique shop. He pulled his hand out and looked at the ring, idly pushing it back past his knuckle the rest of the way onto the ring finger of his right hand. It looked like it might have been a signet ring, the heaviness and size of the piece obviously meant for a man's hand, but the whole thing was so tarnished, it was impossible to tell what metal it was made of let alone what the incuse signet in the top was meant to represent. 

Whatever it was, it certainly wasn't an appropriate gift for his mother, the ostensible reason he was poking through this antique shop. He tugged on the ring but it didn't budge. He tugged again, twisting the ring, but succeeded only in bunching the skin of his finger up around his knuckle. I'll ask the clerk if she has any hand lotion. he thought to himself.

He continued to idly work at it while looking around the rest of the shop, his eyes finally settling on an antique Victorian cameo brooch that he knew his mother would love. He took his prize up to the front of the shop, winding his way between the furniture that crowded the sales area.

The clerk behind the counter was a curvaceous blonde in her late twenties and the vintage dress she wore exposed a goodly amount of cleavage. She smiled at him as he approached and Alex's ears burned, sure that she knew he was undressing her with his eyes. Thoughts of asking for some hand lotion to remove the ring vanished as he searched for his voice and fought to keep from dropping his eyes to the expanse of soft skin revealed to him.

"How much for the brooch, um, and the ring," he asked. She took his hand to examine the ring, sending an electric thrill through him that reached to his toes but seemed to concentrate somewhat higher.

"The brooch is forty dollars, and I'll include the ring with it. I don't even know what it was doing out on the sales floor, it's in such sad condition. Do you really like it?" she asked. He nodded mutely then managed to stammer out a response.

"I-I thought it might clean up nicely." He quickly paid for the brooch and the clerk wrapped it and tucked it into a small gift box for him. As she handed him the box, her fingers brushed his hand again and he felt his ears burning as he went outside to his car.

"God, Alex," he chided himself "you're 32 years old, not some schoolboy." Part of the problem, he mused, was that he hadn't gotten laid in the almost four years since Vicky had left. I still miss her, dammit. he thought. He had been ready to pop the question nearly four years ago, but she told him she needed to find herself. Apparently this meant joining the Peace Corps and moving to Africa. For nearly three years he was faithful to her, then, about a year ago, he got a letter saying she was getting married to one of her coworkers He put the car in gear and drove off.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *