 Grace slowly opened her eyes as the sun began to enter her room. Her hand on the hip of Natasha, who was sleeping peacefully against her. Her hand softly moving over the young woman's curves. Grace smiled as she leaned over, kissing Natasha's neck. Natasha began to stir as she cocked her head to the side, her hand moving to Grace's face. 

"Mmm. Good morning." Natasha said with a smile as she rolled onto her back to look into Grace's eyes. "What time is it?" Natasha said as she softly kissed Grace's cheek. 

"Probably close to seven." Grace said as she kissed down Natasha's neck to her shoulder. 

Natasha moaned as she stroked Grace's hair. "While I would love to have a round 4 this morning, I am sore and we need to get ready for the day. We have a lot to accomplish after your appointment this morning."

Grace sighed as she looked up into Natasha's eyes. "Fine, but I don't wanna." Natasha could only smile as she got up from the bed. 'If you get your cute ass out of bed, I can make us breakfast and we can talk about your appointment today and what we need to do. Especially with what Lady Amiiria's text last night about the council." Natasha said as she pulled a robe from the closet, putting it on and tying it closed. She smiled once more as she leaned over, softly kissing Grace's lips. 

"So, what does it mean?" Grace said as she moved towards the fridge, pulling out eggs for Natasha.

Natasha could only shrug as she smiled at the eggs. "It could mean several things. The most likely is that Regulus wants to catch Lady Amiiria off her guard. It could mean a lot of things as well as the possibility that one of the other councilors also has a new Scion. It is hard to say without full knowledge of all the details."

Grace could only sigh exasperatedly as she started the coffee pot. She knew one thing, this Regulus character was someone who loved fucking with people. Grace's mind started to wander as the coffee pot came to life. Her thoughts travelling through the sea of memories of her ex. How she would watch him fuck with people. How every night after work, she would kneel before him and swallow his load. How she craved it back then.

Grace could only shake her head away from the thoughts as they returned to the present time. How was it that, even now, he was able to infect her thoughts of her subservient wants.

Natasha looked to Grace and began stroking her hair. "Are you okay?" She said, her face full of worry as she only continued to stroke her hair.

Grace could only smile for a moment. "Ghosts of my past coming to bite me in the ass. Just memories of the last person I knew that loved fucking with people as much as this Regulus person does."

Natasha nodded. "Well, they are out of your life, right? So, if they are... it is their loss."

Grace reached for two mugs and began to fill the mugs with coffee, leaving enough room to put cream and sugar in. "So, change of subject... Nat, can you tell me about my appointment today?"

Natasha smiled softly as she picked up the mug and brought it to her lips. A soft moan escaped her lips as the hot liquid flowed into her mouth. "Yes, I can. But first, I'm getting coffee here every morning... holy shit! That is good!"

Grace's smile widened as she leaned against the counter. "Thank you, just one of the many things I learned from my time in Virginia."

Natasha smiled as she began cracking the eggs. "Well, first and foremost, it is not just one person today. Your appointment is bringing her partner with her for you to use both so they will be able to give birth around the same time. How you approach is up to you... however, I do know they do want a one after another."

Grace stared in disbelief. "You mean two today? Fuck!" She groaned as she looks to Natasha. "Strong and dominant or seductive and submissive?" Grace says as she steps out of the kitchen. "Which would you think they'll have the most fun out of?"

Natasha just smiled as she looked at Grace, her eyes weighing the choice at hand. "Seducing mistress." Natasha said as she walked over to Grace. "Just don't feed him too much... I want my turn tonight."

Grace smiled as she turned towards the bedroom. 'Seductive mistress, huh...' was her thoughts as she opened the closet door. Immediately, her thoughts turned to Lady Amiiria. With a devious smirk, Grace began assembling a wardrobe fit for the occasion.

It was a little after 8 am when she stepped out of the bedroom, wrapped in a crimson robe, thigh high crimson leather boots clicking on the hardwood flooring as she walked back into Natasha's view. If a picture was worth a thousand words, Natasha's face spoke millions with all of them sharing the same lust-filled emotion that Grace desired.

"Wow..." Natasha said as she stood up, looking Grace over. As Grace turned, she undid the robe, revealing the crimson leather corset and black garter belt as her massive limp cock hung down from her groin. "Like what you see?" Grace whispered as she sauntered towards Natasha, as if a predator stalking their prey ready to pounce.

Natasha only nodded as she looked at the time. "While I would love for a quickie, you have your appointment soon. And, I have things prepared for your afternoon. I don't have anything scheduled until 2 pm. So, five hours to fill two women... highly doable." Natasha smiled as she kissed Grace's lips, wrapping her arms around Grace's neck. The kiss lingered even after they broke away from each other's lips, eyes closed and savoring the moment.

Grace slowly opened her eyes to Natasha staring at her. A look that she had seen and known on each of her lovers' faces. The look of love. "Nat... you have to get ready." 

Natasha stared at Grace for a moment and then looked at the clock. "Fuck! I still have to get dressed!" She said as she ran to the bedroom, Grace only able to shake her head as she smiled.

Natasha was ready in a flash as Grace began prepping the apartment for her appointment. Natasha came out dressed for the day in business attire. "I have to get going. Let me know when you are ready." And with that, she was out the door.

Grace looked around the apartment and sighed as she closed her eyes. Her mind filled with the first night with her ex. The night that would have her truly believe that she needed to leave Virginia and run to Seattle for the job. How she fell so hard for him. How she...

The doorbell rang as Grace opened her eyes. She walked to intercom. "Name, please?"

"Tamara Reed and Chelsea Reynolds. We're here for our appointment with a Ms. Miller."

"Come upstairs. Door is open. I am waiting." Grace said as she unlocked the door and walked over to sit in the chair.

Grace waited with anticipation and need as she watched the elevator close and begin it's descent to the first floor. Her cock hardening from the thought of having two women kneel before her. To use as she pleased. Her eyes stayed focused as the elevator numbers began to rise once more. Grace slowly stood up from her seat and tied her robe together as the doors open. Two women stepped out of the elevator dressed like they were going to a rave. 

The first woman was about as tall as Grace, with blonde curls hanging down to her shoulders. She had a cute face and a somewhat average body. From what Grace could see though, she had an ass that would make most men beg to be behind her. The other woman was the complete and utter opposite. While the first woman was white, this girl was as dark as the starless night. Her hair braided into dredlocks that hung down to her mid neck. Her body was slender and yet, what drew Grace in was the full lips that Grace could swear was being licked as they saw Grace.

The second woman smiled. "I'm Tamara Reed, ma'am. This is my life partner, Chelsea." Tamara said as she stepped close to Grace. Grace raised a hand to stop the woman from moving forward. "Is she aware of the reason for today?" 

Tamara only nodded as Grace looked to Chelsea. "You will have to wait and you will watch. Do I make myself clear?" Grace said as she began to undo her robe, her massive member finally revealing itself to the women. "Strip... Both of you will be taking a cum bath before anything." Grace said as she snapped her fingers.

Both women immediately began to undress as Grace stared in awe of the buxom beauties before her. 'This is gonna be fun' was her only thought she could even fathom as the women finished.

"Follow me to the bathroom, get in the stall and kneel. I will join you after I believe that you are ready." The two women followed immediately as Grace led them to the shower. As soon as they both stepped in, the knelt and began kissing each other. Grace smiled as she stepped in. "Good, you have lust. Right now, my cock is your God. And, it is time to worship." Grace said as she grabbed the base of her cock and placed it between both women's lips.

"It's time to worship your Lord, sluts. And he will bless you with what you crave." She smiled as both women began licking the enormous shaft that rested between their mutual lips. Grace let out a long moan as she felt the dancing tongues move of her cock as if try trying to kiss each other as the women pleased Grace. This only was for a moment, as Tamara moved and took half of Grace's hardening meat into her throat. Moans vibrated from Tamara's throat and up the length of Grace's shaft as Chelsea began licking at the swollen clit of their wouldbe mistress.

Tamara came off the head of the cock licking her lips. "I need your cum, mistress. It's been so long since either of us had a cock... we want to savor this." She said before diving back to swallowing the full turgid length of meat that Grace had. Tamara pushed her head further and further as she relaxed her throat to encompass every bit of cock that she was worshipping. Grace could only moan in delight at the relentless oral assault the women were providing her.

Grace began running her fingers through Tamara's braids as her hips began thrusting to meet Tamara's lust-filled daze of rhythm as Grace's cock began to quiver and throb. She knew that she would have enough cum for both women to swallow and some as she slowly began to pick up her pace. Chelsea's fingers moving to the engorged clit as she could no longer lick Grace. Grace watched as Chelsea's hand moved to Tamara's pussy and rubbed as Tamara did the same for Chelsea, all the while servicing her. Their mistress and their Lord.

Grace moaned as she arched, feeling her cock spasm inside Tamara's throat. Tamara recognized the feeling as she came up for air, replacing her lips with her hand as she began to fervently stroke the massive cock, mouth open and begging for the past that she desired.

The first spurt jetted into the waiting mouth. Spurt after spurt began to flood Tamara's mouth, coating her tongue in the viscous, white fluid. Tamara's tongue swirled in Grace's seed. She closed her lips and swallowed, moaning at the salty mixture flowing down her throat.

Tamara smiled as she stood up as Chelsea followed suit. Tamara leaned close as she pulled Chelsea to her, kissing her lips. As they parted, Tamara immediately bent over, spreading her legs apart as Chelsea knelt down taking Grace's cock into her mouth, trying to harden the member that both women craved now. Grace could only stare in sheer awe as each woman rubbed their clits. Tamara's hips swaying back and forth, begging for her pussy to be seeded first.

Chelsea removed her mouth from Grace's cock as it bounced with each step she took towards Tamara. The water causing her ebony skin to shimmer as Grace moved towards her. "Last chance, you sure?" Tamara had barely affirmed her desire by the small nod off her head before Grace sank the entire length of her swollen prick deep within the waiting pussy, Tamara's walls gripping her like a glove as she pushed deep inside Tamara. 

Her lust was slowly beginning to bubble as her hips began to set the pace of her cock's rhythmic advance and retreat. Grace's head swimming in the delicious tastes of senses as the sex of the two women filled her nostrils. Her eyes closing as her head rolled taking in the scent. Her hips pumping deeper into Tamara as she brought her hand down to her thigh. She looked down to Chelsea, who was still furiously rubbing her clit as Grace began to formulate an even more delicious idea.

"Stand up and hold her leg up." She growled to Chelsea, who immediately stood and obeyed the command. Tamara wasted no time as her hand travelled down the ivory skin of Chelsea to her slit with a practiced deftness as Chelsea only spread her legs in response. As Chelsea's legs opened, Tamara's fingers dove into the pussy of her lover, whose groaned in delight.

Even with the shower going and Grace plowing her cock deep into Tamara, she could still make out the faint whispers that Tamara spoke into Chelsea's ear as her fingers began moving in and out of her.

"You like that, don't you? Seeing your wife fucked by a massive cock. Watching me get fucked as I fill your tight pussy with my fingers. Knowing that she will fill you next. Does that make you hot, baby?" Tamara whispered, making Grace that much more turned on as she witnessed Chelsea nod her head as she moaned, clawing at the wall.

Grace moaned in delight as she continue her rhythm in and out of Tamara. Her cock already pulsing and throbbing with each pump, threatening to send gush after gush of it's seed deep within the beautiful woman. As she continued to pump, here eyes cast downward as she saw the faint sigils of Amiiria begin to glow red. Then the curious thing happened, as the sigils seem to become more intricate and larger, Grace could swear she felt the emotions of the two women around her. She could feel the lust of each of the women as their passion seemed like an inferno that could easily consume her.

Grace was astounded by the sheer levels of passion, lust and desire that filled these women. As she continued to assaulted by the barrage of emotions, Grace's hips began pounding Tamara with a fervor that Grace had only received once. She wanted to claim Tamara's pussy and coat her insides with her seed. She needed it. She craved it now.

Grace arched as she slammed the entire length of her massive cock into Tamara's pussy as it pulled and gripped her. Grabbing her hips, Grace felt her cock spasm as the torrential flood of cum began to spurt into Tamara's womb. Grace groaned as Tamara let loose a moan as she quaked in bliss. The emotional high Grace could feel from Tamara kept her cock hard, even as her cum began to slowly ooze from the swollen mushroom as Grace began to pull herself out of Tamara and begin to move to Chelsea, who was already bent over as her eyes pleaded for the fucking that her wife just received.

Grace could only smile as she grabbed at her cock, lining it up with the open pussy. "Make sure you scream for me."

Grace began to feel out the emotion she desired to inflict upon Chelsea as she neared here. Chelsea was already lusting for her. Grace wanted more. Grace began to line up her cock with Chelsea's waiting lower lips as the devious thought appeared to her. It was with this thought, Grace began to push her massive member into the woman as Grace's thoughts and will began to push one emotion towards Chelsea. Absolution. As the thought gathered strength, Grace felt the sigils begin to heat up as she suddenly felt as if her cock had grown slightly more.

As she began to push into Chelsea, her eyes watched as the hue around her became one of a different color with streaks of the original hue still within. Grace could only believe that she was in a state of pure lust and blissful ecstasy.

Grace began to feel Chelsea's pussy clamp down as Grace watched the blonde reach up to her nipples with one hand and down to her clit with the other as she began pinching herself. Grace stared in awe once more as her pumps already beginning to piston in and out of the slut that was taking her cock now.

It was only a matter of time as Grace reached up to Chelsea's hair, slowly having the blonde strands entwined in her fingers as she pulled her hair towards her, a groan of pleasure escaping Chelsea's lips as Grace deepened her thrusts. Grace's head was swimming in the emotions of lust, desire and pure archery.

She continued her pounding as Grace seemed to devour the feelings, causing her pumps to be more ferocious in nature as she felt the all too familiar signs of her own impending orgasm that would be crashing down upon her.

Grabbing at Chelsea's hips, Grace slammed into her once more as she arched. "Cum with me, bitch!" Grace screamed as she felt her cock throb as it began to spasm while shooting it's thick seed deep within the young woman whose hips were attached to hers. She immediately felt Chelsea's pussy clamp down upon her member as she felt wave after wave of the blonde's orgasm rip through her and crash down upon Grace's now twitching pole, still filling her with it's seed.

Time seemed to return to Grace as she slowly removed her shaft from Chelsea with a wet plop as the mixture of their carnal juices flowed from her now abused hole. Chelsea slid down to her knees as Tamara crawled next to her. Their arms wrapping around each other as Grace still remained standing, water cascading over her body causing her now tan skin to glisten underneath the soft lights of the bathroom. Grace's eyes moved over each of them and could immediately tell that both would be pregnant.

Grace couldn't help but smile at her work as she rinsed the sex sweat off her body, turning away from the two women. "You both will be pregnant. I can't explain how I know this, but I do." She heard both women stand up, unable to see the smile on their lips, but could feel their happiness from where she stood.

Tamara moves to Grace and smiled as she wrapped her arms around her. "Thank you. I have to say that was some of the best sex I have had with a cock. I don't think I'll be able to walk right! Thanks for everything!" Tamara released Grace from the embrace as they began to leave the shower to dry off. "Thank you, Miss Grace. For everything!" Chelsea said. And, with that, they were gone.

Grace continued to stand underneath the downpour of water from the shower head with only her thoughts. She felt full for the first time in a week. The emotions of Tamara and Chelsea still reeling through her mind. 

'I need to talk to Lady Amiiria about this.' She thought, as she turned off the shower stepping out into the bathroom. Grabbing her towel, she wrapped it around her body and looked into the mirror. Astounded, Grace began to analyze the reflection.

Her normally pale skin had now a tan and almost flawless complexion. Her eyes now a soft jade instead of their bright blue. Even with the towel wrapped around her, Grace could tell that her body had changed. Her muscles were more tone, with hardly any fat on her frame. Her breasts slightly larger and more perky. It was astounding. She watched as a soft smile crossed her full lips.

Flipping off the light in the bathroom, she began her walk to the bedroom and retrieved her phone. Three text messages had arrived during her appointment.

The first was from Kate, Brian's wife. "Hey, Brian said you two broke up. And, I know you are in Seattle but I haven't seen him since that day. Let me know if you hear from him. I'm worried." Grace sent a quick text back. "I haven't seen or heard from him. I doubt he will call me. But, if he does, I will let you know. Ok?"

The second text was from her now former boss, letting her know that he last check would be in the mail.

It was the last text that caused her to stop. A text from Jason, the ex that got away with only the words, "I'm in Seattle."

Grace stared at the text, sheer shock rippling through her as it became anger. She could feel the anger begin to encompass her. That is when everything faded to black.