 Most of the civilians had left the town before orcs came over the wall. This caused much frustration since the fifty orcs only had a couple of human females to take care of their pent-up hate against humans.

When Caro entered the stone church she was faced by one of the orcs. They might be on the same side now but the paladin had made many not so friendly acquaintances with orcs during her time stationed to the border town. 

"You broke my arm," exclaimed a big green orc with right arm limply hanging on his side.

"If I did it it was when I served the false one." Caro did not remember this orc even if most she faced did not live to tell the tale. 

The lust paladin walked to bent over on top of one of the side altars.

"Come, my new comrades. Find forgiveness for my past actions in my humble body." 

The orc with broken arm did not wait to sink his cock into the presented hole. His hatred aimed at this woman who had made him useless cripple to his tribe. Caro's pussy might have accepted the orc but the orc was still not satisfied. Her behind rippled from every forceful strike.

"Say you want my seed." The orc did not want to offend the sacred messenger of their tribe's primary god so he opted to get humiliating words out of her instead.

"My God wants your seed." Caro moved her body to trace the thrusts and to make sure the cock went as deep as possible.

The paladin's reply had not exactly satisfied the orc so he took his both hands to ram his seed deepest he could. He lifted the paladin's legs out of ground grabbing her hips.

"Say you want my seed."

Strong arms around the paladin's hips made her intoxicated. 

"I want," came as a whimper from Caro's lips. Thick orchis seed was delivered directly into her deepest place. The orc stayed in to make sure nothing would spill all the while fondling the shapely ass.

When the grunts of his comrades became too loud the orc picked his axe with his broken arm ready to leave. He long stood in place, his arm was no longer broken.

The orcs formed a line to the great healing female. Caro became notably more popular than the few spent female captives. No orc wanted to miss the opportunity to fuck a hated paladin and offer their seed to their God at the same time.

"Thank you for fulfilling my need great God," said every orc when unloading their plenty seed to the untiring female servant of the Lust God. Cream and juices streamed along Caro's strong legs that hit back at every thrust the masculine orcs made. Even the holy warrior's god-shaped womb that took seed as offerings could not take the entire volume offered to her.

Being the object of worship of so many rods on the sanctified altar of her enemy god aroused Caro to limits she could not control. The paladin could feel the hatred of the evil god who never fulfilled Caro's desires ooze from the altar almost as much the male seed was leaking from her hungry holes.

Caro leaned closer to the altar surface, she spotted engraving depicting the selfish god. Her tongue began to circle her face, secrete saliva to her divine face. The God's open mouth giving some sacred command was especially the paladin's target. Caro just could not help herself from wanting to defile this selfish being claiming divinity.

The carved goddess began to fume, her face twisting to take another shape, her dress began to shorten to reveal naked form. Caro recognized this no longer was an altar for her enemy but for the one who gave her everything.

Stronger than usual orc came to take his turn on the paladin, his rod reached deeper than the others. Caro had no choice but to lean on the altar all the way, her face laying next to her god, her hand stroking her stone body.

"Yes, God. This is for you. This is all for you," Caro screamed as another load was delivered into her deepest chamber.

Even limply laying on the altar the holy warrior's need for more could not be satisfied.

"Your God demands more. I demand more, fill me," Caro's pleading tone excited into action even the ones who had already give their share. Cocks began to harden like a miracle had happened.

One of the older orc's began to collect the love nectar flowing along Caro's thighs to a jar. He was a shaman of his people and potions made from the elixirs secreted by the ones touched by the divine lust could cure any impotence. In their eyes, only the stronger god could make the paladin feared by many orcs beg to get more meat rods in her.

** * **

The orc chief sent messages to all the tribes they knew of but it would take months for all of them to gather if they chose to come in the first place. But in the meanwhile, they had captured a human male who had tried to sneak into the town.

** * **

"Carofina, I'm so sorry this happened to you," pleaded a man dressed in leather armour.

He was the servant squire of the paladin but he had run away in panic along rest of the soldiers. 

Even the remains of the paladins were considered sacred and it was the servant's duty to make sure they were recovered if they could not sacrifice their lives to save the paladin. When he had arrived in the next town that was exactly what was told for him to do or face a public execution due to negligence of duty.

Squire Mark's protections prevented the aura of the apostle from claiming his mind without help at least so he was brought in front of the three naked servants of the God. The females had been talking about what they should do in the stone church. They had claimed it from the orcs for different reasons. Vivian wanted to stop the sacrilege the orcs were doing and the other two wanted to sanctify it with a different set of blessings.

To his shock, Mark recognized all three of the women who were apparently leading the orcs and the men gathered outside. He was sure the pink demon who sat on side bench was Vivian. The way she sat and acted was just like her not to mention the first time she talked he was sure it was her.

"Just let him go, his mind is still intact," voiced Vivian in a frustrated tone not expecting the other two to agree, they had begun to team against her in most arguments.

"No way I'm letting my servant leave. I need him," commented Caro who sat on the central altar and spread her legs to give the man a look for what he was going to get into.

Only thing Lora said was, "more to the fold." 

This too was decided by outvoting Vivian. The apostle did think she was supposed to be the highest God's servant but she really did not want to argue with the other two. This was all her fault in a way after all. 

Caro walked to the man and the orcs keeping him in place left.

"I'm so sorry. I will save your soul no matter what." Mark bowed his head hitting the ground. Caro pulled his head up just for him to attempt to stab a knife through his senior's heart. It bounced off only causing the paladin's skin to ripple a bit.

"Shh, I know your pain. I had that too once, just let me clear you of evil and you will see the world how it really is," Caro told the panicking male pushing her finger to silence his lips. 

"I'm so sorry," came in a crying tone from Mark as the paladin ripped off the squires pants. She did not waste time to sheath the erect rod. Apparently looking at three young naked females he knew was more than enough for him to get naturally standing.

"You are such a good servant. Always knew what I wanted before I did. I hope you continue to serve me and give me what I want." Caro traced the male's muscular body with her hands all the while twisting his cock with her clamping pussy.

Mark did not understand what kind of foul magic must have twisted Caro's mind, she was bouncing on him and smiling. He might have felt pleasure too but the enchantments fighting the corruptive invasion on him only caused pain to him around the area they were connected. It was comparable to something squeezing his cock with an iron fist.

Lora walked next to Mark and took his head into her lap. 

"I will make your long-suffering end and let the light shine to your dark soul." Mark would have believed those kind words only days before coming from her but now her breasts tingling above his head made him doubt her intent. They were all twisted by the dark god.

The male's defences were now attacked from two points and soon broken trough. The new God taking domain over Mark's body did not care how his mind was claimed and simply delivered him the same treatment as to any regular male. 

Mark's eye now burned with desire but his face was blank. His hips began thrusting into the female taking his cock and his hands began to fondle the breasts on top of him.

"See, don't you feel better now," asked the priestess patting his head with an innocent smile on her face.

No longer being held back by purity enchantments Mark's cock released pent-up seed into the accepting paladin.

Lora was going to take his turn on the man-rod after Caro but the paladin stopped her. 

"He is my servant," Caro announced and walked out of the church, the man always staying one cock length away from her. 

** * **

Lora found one of the newly thralled men who was hurt by the orcs in the attack. He was barely conscious but the priestess somehow had sensed him even beneath the rubble and she had to help him. Lora commanded several orcs to clear the rubble.

The man found from the rubble looked like a beggar but it did not matter to the kind servant of the God who gave for all what they really wanted or at least gave them something that made them want nothing else.

The priestess rubbed the old man's body clean with her own that never seemed to get dirty. Lora took his cock into her divine conduit and began to chant her blessings to heal the man. Healing energy flowed from her innermost place through the rod to the man and his wounds and even scars began to disappear.

When the man's eyes opened, he began to thrust into the holy chamber. His offering was accepted by the priestess who squeezed his walls tighter to not let any of the offerings get wasted.

Several orcs were looking at the performance tapping their rods.

"Stop," yelled the priestess aiming it at the orcs. 

"Seed of life must not be wasted, if you ever have the need just come to me and I will take care of you," Lora commanded while standing up and walking to the orcs.

The orcs did not need any more encouragement to pierce into the almost petite priestess. She had never overfed with the church's small food portions but for some reason, her breasts had still grown to a size that could have been seen even through a priestess's robes that were meant to hide them with ease. They were even the reason Lora was sent to this border town. Apparently, her breasts had made it difficult for the male priests to focus on their work so she was sent to repent it away to the borders.

Lora was treated like a holy object, worshipped from all directions. More orcs came around her as they heard her moaning summons. The seed was flowing through her body from many holes but nothing came out, her skin stayed clean and pure.

"May this great offering please the Great God who watches over us if you so may give these fine males your grace and blessing, make them strong and virile to serve your cause." 

The priestess stopped taking a green pole to her mouth just to deliver her prayer to the heavens. Her lips soon found a new one and began sucking the seed to serve a greater cause.

A faint glow of green mixed with purple began glowing around the group of the twelve orcs taking turns to get inside the inviting holy woman. Their bodies began to grow and get hues of violet in them, muscles bulged to levels no human nor orc could normally achieve.

"Be praised, our prayers have been answered. The God has given us her blessing," Lora announced feeling the two rods in her nether holes expand to more than one direction.

The orc now with purplish rod reached through the holy gates guarding the chamber of child making and Lora let go a moan to herald its arrival. She felt closer to her God she had ever been when the now purple seed was poured into her desiring womb. Walls of the twitching hole absorbed it as an offering to her God. Soon Lora's other holes received the purple offering that was sent to her God in great volume.

** * **

The Dark God could already feel that enhancing these warriors would serve her well indeed. Her darkness would soon fill the world or to her, it was the light of truth but she did not like to use the same words than her sister so she preferred to be called the dark one just to irk the one who acted so holy.

** * **

"We must march south and we must start calling ourselves as the Curia of Lust to irk the eviler god," announced Lora after receiving direct vision-dream from the god.

Vivian did doubt its validity coming from someone who fucked orcs with smile and laugher but she was again outvoted by the other two. So the three members of the Curia of Lust and the human thralls began their journey to south with part of the gathered orcs. Even if the orcs already numbered in the hundreds more would come so some were left behind to guide the rest.

Followers of the Lustful God had been ordered to march south for the purpose of calling to arms the desert tribes of the sandmen. These men were not made of sand but their bodies suffered from an ancient curse that made them bony and pale white. Not a great combination in a desert so they wear full body outfits making it so most who have not killed one would not know how they looked.

** * **

Sandmen scouts soon found the horde and guided them to their chief. He did not talk just like the other sandmen they had met. All of their tongues were too dry to talk. 

The only communication they gave to Vivian was a paper note, "Destroy the tormenting fort of the pure humans and we will send all our best bowmen with you." 

Sandmen tribe would be useless in melee but their ranged skill and speed was unique among the servants of the Dark God who mostly believed in brute strength.

** * **

Vivian wanted to figure out some way to make the humans occupying the small fort go away but the paladin would not be held back. Caro had sensed another paladin nearby and simply marched to the wooden castle gate. It was not exactly the biggest or sturdiest castle. Just a makeshift clay, sand and wood fort made by the soldiers keeping the sandmen population in check. They often needed to rebuild it to chase after the tribesmen so making a proper stone fort made no sense.

"I challenge your champion to a duel," announced Caro to the men standing on top of the gate who were visibly confused. The only reason they did not think the naked female was a crazy person was the host of orcs and humans some way behind her. Still, they were more busy getting ready for that than to pay attention to the woman.

The paladin would not have her challenge be ignored and kicked the wooden gate open. It could have been done by her even before embracing her new god but it still shocked the men in the courtyard, the female walking in her breasts held high did not help their confusion.

Soldiers hurried to make a shield wall around the broken gate waiting for orders from their commanding officer who in this case was the paladin Caro was looking for.

"Paladin of the enemy god come and face me in a duel or do you shame her even more than she shames herself."

Caro's insult shaped challenge was not ignored this time. It could not be ignored when delivered like that.

A male paladin walked past the shield wall waving his two-handed mace.

"I nor my god is never too ashamed to defeat naked females coming for a challenge."

The moment stood silent for some time as more than just the male paladin named Eric realized what his confused words had implied.

"Well then, the first move is yours." Caro broke the silence as only thing mattering to her was defeating the paladin to prove her strength.

"Please tell me you are a demon who fights using dark arts and not possessed human," asked Eric. There would be no honour killing an unarmed female. He sensed the evil presence in her but he had never faced a demon like this before.

"I'm the first lust paladin of God Sarafira, I fight using two mighty weapons given to me by my god."

"Fine then," muttered Eric recognizing the name of the most hated enemy god.

The paladin charged with his mace to strike the blasphemer down in one go. To his surprise, his hit fell past the evil servant as Caro easily sidestepped it. Eric's eyes followed her shapely breasts jiggle side to side. 

"Too slow," yelled the excited female while punching the man to his chest making him stagger backwards. A crack had appeared to his armour. Eric needed to focus so his eyes went back to look at the soft breasts swaying in the air. Side to side, the nipples were erect and they made Eric want to suck them.

"Are you even trying," yelled Caro again hitting the man hard enough to cause more cracks to his armour.

Eric did not understand what was wrong with him, his protections should prevent any charms but he needed to fight it regardless. Next time he saw the breasts approach he rotated his mace to block any strikes coming from that direction.

The breasts evaded sideways again and Eric went to follow them dropping his mace. He really did not know what was wrong with him, he even began chanting the strongest protection spell he knew but it did not help in any way when he was kicked hard enough to make him fall to his back.

"Beaten just by my fists alone. I did not even need to draw my weapons," announced the victor stepping on top of the defeated paladin with one leg. There was no crowd cheering for Caro as she had expected. In fact, there was no audience at all. Vivian had come to look at the match closer and all the unprotected men one by one had run to meet their new saviour. Church nor state would not afford to protect all their common border soldiers with magical gear. One paladin had been thought to be enough, he was one of the most skilled with the mace after all.

** * **

"Welcome among the believers of the giving God. Prepare your minds and bodies to embrace her in your soul." Lora had collected all the two hundred and fifty-four soldiers who had come from the fort to their own area and kept initiation mass to them as she had called it. 

Vivian was more than happy to let someone else deal with them as she had more than enough to deal with the two hundred she had already managed to collect without meaning it. Most of the new men still looked where the apostle was even if they obeyed the commands from priestess Lora.

Lora prepared a "field altar" that had been carried by some of the men on her commands. The lust priestess had sanctified it anew and it was indeed going to be used for a different purpose. No normal altar had a pillow attached to it. The priestess went to lay on it spearing her legs to invite the first believers in.

"Present your offerings to God through her humble servant and receive her blessings," announced the new altar centerpiece.

Every man cumming for her was thanked with a smile, "God thanks you for your valuable service." The seed of life indeed was the most valuable offering to the dark god who fed on it. Some gods fed on the life of defeated enemies or other forms of sacrifices but the Dark God Sarafira fed solely on the purest form of life. It was not out of her choice but she had learned to live with it, unlike her sister-god who had despised Sarafira from the beginning just because of the domain she had been born with.

** * **

Caro seeing what was happening outside of the fort returned her focus on the only man left inside who resided under her foot. The paladin was still chanting a protection spell, it would not help against physical attacks so Caro did not understand why.
