 Most 80-somethings would not be cruising bars trying to pick up men to take home and fuck. But then, most octogenarians don't look and feel like they're only on the wrong end of their forties. Charlotte Biers would have been pretty if she looked five years younger. On the other hand, she looked damned good for 83. Her face had begun to sag, along with her body. Her skin was beginning to look a little leathery and already showed the first signs of crinkling. She seemed twice as old as the youngsters that normally frequented this bar. Yet she was still confident of finding a mate for the night. She liked her men young and inexperienced. Less risk of infection that way – and kids were easy to seduce. Besides, young sperm had the most life force in it.

She spotted her prey on her second circuit around the room. He wore geeky glasses, and his prematurely thinning hair was combed forward in an attempt to hide the problem. There was no one sitting next to him. In fact, the seats on both sides of him were empty – unlikely to be mere coincidence in such a crowded bar. Charlotte looked at him pointedly as she sat down next to him. She could already smell the alcohol before he even turned to talk to her. The 100-proof breath he blasted at her as he finally acknowledged her nearly knocked Charlotte off of her chair. She figured that this would be like taking candy from a baby. And it was – had anyone been timing her, they would have found that she had him out the door in under 60 seconds.

Charlotte drove them both back to her place. He mumbled something about a car, but she ignored him. He was too drunk to even consider driving a car. Charlotte doubted that he could even manage to get the key in the ignition. In fact, he was a lot drunker than she had originally thought. When they arrived at her house, he puked in her azaleas. Twice. She wrestled him inside and cleaned him up in her guest bathroom. He attempted an apology, but was cut off by yet another heave. She just barely aimed him at the toilet in time.

When it finally seemed like he was done throwing up, she dragged him into the guest bedroom. Charlotte stripped his clothes off. He attempted to help, but was so ineffectual that she had to slap him hard across the face to make him stop. Soon, they were both naked and Charlotte had his uncooperative dick in her mouth. It remained stubbornly flaccid despite her efforts, and when she heard his snores, she gave up and just threw the covers onto him. 

While he slept, Charlotte went through his wallet. There were only $23 dollars in it, and his license identified him as Thad Kroener. Although the night was a loss, Charlotte was determined not to waste this one's life force. Despite his obvious nerdiness, his body was broad and hard - not cut or built like the jocks and frat boys she usually saw at the college bar, yet still no stranger to the gym. Maybe, she fantasized, he could stay for a few days. She could sure use the sex.

Charlotte was married when she discovered her strange power. While her husband aged, some would even say prematurely, she hardly changed at all. Through trial and error, she discovered that she could absorb the life force of men through their sperm. Wherever their cum landed on her, it felt warm and tingly. Shots of semen on the back of her throat in the depths of her vagina were particularly invigorating. As long as she kept having sex, she aged little. Eventually, Tom got too old and tired to meet her needs, and she began to step out. He discovered her faithlessness in short order, and that was the end of the marriage. 

Then Charlotte began to find the limits of her power. She got pregnant. Unwilling to risk losing her power in a back alley abortion, she opted to keep the baby and give it up for adoption. The baby sapped mercilessly at her own life force, aging her nearly a decade during her months of pregnancy. And worst of all, she loved the damn thing. That was over fifty years ago, and she still cried for that lost baby.

She gained the most life force when the sperm was put into her vagina – depending on where she was in her cycle. During her period, she got nearly nothing. Blow jobs were less powerful than intercourse. However, the risk of pregnancy and disease made that the better option. Safe sex of any sort was out of the question by the very nature of her gift. Condoms prevented her from even touching the sperm, and spermicides in general seemed to neutralize the life force in the semen. Not to mention that she could absorb no life force when she was sick. She had already had gonorrhea several times and the clap once – each time aging rapidly until the infection was removed. 

So her solution was to find lonely, inexperienced geeks like this one. Give them blow jobs for as long as she could and then move on to the next one. Charlotte kept a close watch on her menstrual cycle and would occasionally let them fuck her when the timing was right. So far, there had been no further pregnancies. It was risky, but the charge of energy and youth was worth it. But despite all of her efforts, time was slowly catching up to her. Charlotte wondered how long it would be before no amount of sex would revive her.

****

Thad woke up dazed. The morning sunlight streamed into his eyes from the open windows. He had no idea of where he was or why he was naked. But the bed was warm and his head rang from the excesses of the previous night. He closed his sensitive eyes against the light and tried to remember what happened. Then he felt something touch his thigh. He screamed, jumping up a little in the bed.

"Calm down," Charlotte said, "It's just me."

"Who?"

"Charlotte, from last night. The girl whose azaleas you ruined with your vomit." Thad groaned.

"I'm so sorry – I'll make it up to you."

"Then relax and let me do this."

Thad wondered what she was going to do, but then he felt the warmth of her mouth surround his cock. Closing his eyes again, he resolved to have more dreams like this in the future.

This time, Charlotte found that Thad was able to respond to her ministrations. He grew nice and thick in her mouth and was spurting in only a few minutes. She always wondered why the geeks had the big dicks. She had gotten too old and too plain lately to attract the jocks and frat boys, but when she had, she couldn't help but notice the lack of endowment.

The cum in her mouth and throat was better than coffee for her. It heated with a cold fire, like mint tea. Thad began to snore again shortly after his orgasm, and Charlotte let him be while she did some work around the house. When he woke up, she sucked him off again. With a big smile on his face, he thanked her profusely with genuine attraction in his eyes. She had not seen that from a man in a long time, and combined with the youthful feelings from the shots of life energy, she felt a tenderness towards this kid that she hadn't felt towards a male in many years.

Thad offered to cook breakfast, and was surprising good. He made quesadillas, explaining that it was the only dish he knew how to make. Charlotte asked him if this was what Hispanics ate for breakfast. He laughed hard, shooting orange juice out of his nose.

"I'm from California," he explained. "We do this sometimes for breakfast, but usually it's pancakes or cereal or something normal like that. And I am not Hispanic."

Charlotte laughed then too. And she got under the table and drained his cock for the third time that morning.

"I love it when you do that. But why? I've never met a woman like you before."

"Maybe I like it. Maybe it's too risky to do anything else. Maybe I just like you."

He blushed. It brought out his dimples, and Charlotte smiled back at him. They did the dishes together and Thad told her about how his fiancée had just cheated on him. Digging the engagement ring out of his pocket, he showed it to Charlotte. He held it so gently, her heart went out to him. The ring must have brought up some bad memories, and he began to cry. Charlotte, not very experienced in these situations, did the first thing that popped into her mind: she pulled down his pants and sucked him off.

That solved the problem. 

"I'm going to have trouble staying upset at Anne, if you keep giving me blowjobs all the time," he said. Charlotte laughed. 

They ended up spending the whole weekend together. It was nice for Charlotte to have somebody to keep her company, and he fixed up a bunch of things around the house. By the end of the weekend, though, his cock had been sucked so often, he would cover his crotch with his hands anytime that she moved towards him. He left Monday morning, but they exchanged phone numbers and agreed to meet again. Everyone at work remarked on Charlotte's complexion the next day. She rarely got this much life force at one time, and she could feel it charging through her and taking away the ravages of time.

She called him Wednesday night. The old feeling of age had begun to creep back into her bones and she wanted a boost. And, as hard as it was to admit to herself, she missed him. Charlotte drove over to his apartment and hungrily slurped up his come. Then they went to dinner and afterwards she did it again. It went on like this for a couple of weeks, and by then, Thad and Charlotte were regularly going out on dates. Thad, being a student could not afford much, but he did what he could. The rest of the time, Charlotte enjoyed being in charge and planning the dates. He spent most nights in her bed. Although they fooled around quite a bit, she never let him fuck her.

Thad turned out to be a great guy. He was funny, smart and easy to look after. Charlotte missed him when he was gone. But all the blowjobs had begun to show in his features. His hairline was receding a lot faster and his face had matured. Charlotte felt sorry about that, but he seemed so happy with her. One night, he asked to have sex with her. Charlotte looked at him, laying beside her in bed, and explained that she was allergic to both the pill and to spermicides, so there would be no protection against pregnancy. She had told him this before, but this was the first time that he had actually asked for intercourse.

"What if there was another way?" he asked her. Charlotte shot him a blank look. "What if we could have sex, but there was no way that you could get pregnant?"

"What do you mean?"

"Let me show you. There's no artificial protections needed – you'll see."

Charlotte felt sorry for him, and she liked him so much that she decided to let him try this new idea. She knew she could stop him if he started to do anything stupid.

Thad put out his arms and pulled her to him. They hugged and then started to kiss. His hands gently explored her body, and his penis began to stiffen as he found his favorite places on her. He moved his mouth down to her breasts, where he had gotten to be a master at arousing her. Soon, she was soaking through the bed sheets. Then he pulled out the massage oil from the nightstand on her side of the bed. Thad flipped her over and straddled her legs. He poured a generous stream of oil on Charlotte's back. She squealed as the cold oil hit her. He began to massage her back, and Charlotte reveled in his strong, soft hands. He found that bad spot on her shoulder and massaged the tension away. Her back, straighter now that she was getting so much semen, felt ten years younger as he worked on it. Charlotte closed her eyes and relaxed enjoying the sensations of his hands working on her body.

Then he moved down to her ass. He rubbed the cheeks and the crack, sometimes even kissing the soft globes. It felt good, like the massage had, but also sensual. Charlotte's pussy, which had dried up during the massage, began to flow with juices again. Thad spread her cheeks and shifted up slightly on her body, until his dick was positioned between her cheeks. He kneaded them and began to slowly move up and down along her crack. Charlotte felt like he deserved a special treat, but it was the wrong time of the month to allow him inside of her. She thought about perhaps letting him use a condom. She could claim that it had no spermicide or something. Then she felt more cold oil flowing in her ass crack. Thad was thrusting a little harder and oil was squelching between them. It overflowed her ass and began to drip down around her pussy and over the top of her ass and down her sides.

Thad stopped moving and bent down over her back, kissing the nape and sides of her neck, where she was sensitive. She felt his hot breath on her neck and ears. He moved a little on top of her, and she felt his cock slide down a little in her crack. It touched her asshole. She felt his finger exploring there. There was a slight pressure and suddenly, his finger was inside of her. She gasped at the unexpected intrusion. She had never taken it in the ass before. He continued to give her warm kisses on the sides of her neck as he gently moved his finger in and out of her rosebud.

It was an interesting feeling, and there was a spot that actually even felt good as he brushed his fingertip up against it. Charlotte realized that he planned to fuck her in the ass. That was how they would avoid pregnancy. It seemed like a waste of good cum to her, but she really did want to reward Thad for being so good to her. She felt like she owed him something as well, for all of the life force that she had stolen. His finger kept going in and out and Charlotte's pussy leaked a little faster. The thought of doing something that was both new and dirty was starting to turn her on. She felt his penis grow and harden and wiggled her ass back at him.

The hairs on his chest tickled her back as he began to slowly thrust his dick into the region right between her pussy and her ass. 

"Hold on," he told her, slicking up his middle finger with the massage oil still in her crack. He slipped it in next to his index finger and Charlotte squealed with pain. The second finger was stretching her sphincter much too fast. 


"I'm sorry," he breathed, but both fingers stayed in her ass. They moved in and out slowly and Charlotte got used to the increased size. More carefully this time, Thad gently moved a third finger in. He took his time and kept up his attentions on her neck. It was painful, but not unbearably so. His fingers were also rubbing across something that felt pretty good. After a couple minutes of three fingers, her asshole had relaxed and she barely felt the pain.

"You can fuck me now," she told him, her blue eyes looking at him over her shoulder.

"You sure?" he asked with a look of concern.

She nodded and turned her head away from him, lifting up her hips to give him better access to her ass. He moved his fingers in and out a couple of more times and then eased them out of her. There was an odd feeling of cold outside air invading her rectum, but his cock, huge with anticipation, immediately replaced the fingers. She knew how big he could get when he was truly turned on, and she began to worry about how that giant mushroom head was going to enter such a small hole.

But his fingers had done a good job and she felt the tip of his cock invade her easily and without pain. Only a fraction of an inch was in her and she felt him put a steady pressure behind his cock. He did not push very hard, just kept up enough pressure to slowly move his member into her well-lubed opening. She felt herself stretching slowly, with the weird feeling of taking a dump in reverse. More and more of the head pushed its way in her and the stretching of her hole became uncomfortable and painful. She winced and bit her lip, but did not say anything so that Thad would not be discouraged. She really wanted to do this for him.

Then her hole just snapped down. His head had made it through, and now her hole was wrapped around the thinner shaft. He felt it too, as she felt him stiffen up above her. It was still painful, but at a manageable level and Charlotte wiggled her hips slightly, feeling him move inside of her. She felt like she had to go to the bathroom and, just for fun, tried pushing out. His cock twitched, sending a jabbing pain inside of her, but he gasped, "Yes! Do that again!"

They slowly fucked like that. It was a new feeling and despite the pain, she felt a tiny little orgasm inside of her as the large head of his dick massaged her intestinal walls. He came quite quickly, taking only a few thrusts before his penis was twitching inside of her. 

She felt his cum splash against her rectal walls and screamed at the white-hot sensation. Her entire ass was seared from the inside. Cum continued to dribble out of his cock and she could feel it pooling like liquid fire inside of her. Energy shot upward from her crotch all the way to the top of her head. It was the most amazing thing that she had ever felt. It was as if she had injected his life force directly into her bloodstream. She never knew that it could be so good. 

"Oh my God, baby, are you ok?" she heard the worry in his voice. For a moment, she couldn't speak, the sensations in her body distracting her. He squirmed above her, trying to get his dick out of her burning ass. But she clamped down with her asshole.

"No, darling, leave it in. I want to milk all the cum out of it. That was amazing!"

"You – you liked it?" 

"We'll have to do this again sometime." That got his attention. Her ass ached with pain, but the direct injection of life force into her made it unimportant. She felt energized, invigorated, ready to take on the entire world. And also very horny.

She put her hand on his thigh, and with gentle pressure, got him to ease slowly out of her ass. Then, with one hand grasping his dick and the other covering her gaping hole to prevent any sperm from leaking out, she led him to the bathroom. 

Turning on the shower, she said, "let's get cleaned up and then you can give me a proper orgasm." He got in first, and Charlotte followed when she felt confident that her ass had recovered. They headed back to bed, where he spent quite some time with his head between her thighs. After several of her own satisfactions, she gave him a good, long blowjob, milking as much cum as she could out of his cock.