 She watched him. He must have been having some pretty fantastic dreams, the way he kept moaning, tossing and turning. She then realized that's because she was there. For her, the act of copulation was nothing more than a means to an end, a way to survive. She might as well be reading a book for all the excitement and pleasure it gave her. She thought on this for a moment and decided that next time she'd bring a book, then yawned out of boredom. With mild interest she watched him tense for a moment, then snuggle under the covers with a smile on his face. "Yay," she thought to herself, mentally checked him off of a list, and disappeared in a puff of ember.

- - -

Later that night, she crept into another house, further down the street. Or she would have if she had to creep, which she didn't. One by one, burning embers filled the air of a small bedroom. After a few moments, they began to bob and weave around, eventually forming a vortex of sorts. Within this vortex a doorway formed to the nether realms, and out through this doorway she stepped. 

She looked around her in irritation as the embers flew about her. She held up one of her milky white hands above her head, snapped her red-polished fingers, and the embers froze in place. Suddenly, it was as if a black hole had formed in the center of the room and all the embers zipped through the nothingth of an opening and out of existence. She smirked to herself in amazement that that had never once awoken anyone.

Moonlight fell across the room from slatted window blinds, casting a magical glow over everything. Across the room she saw her target, all sprawled out on top of the covers, resting on a nice four poster bed. He was probably no more than 22 or 23. She watched as he breathed deeply, obviously fast asleep, and licked her lips. Then, with a heavy sigh, she crossed the room.

At the foot of the bed, she stopped, watching him. He was lying on his stomach, his arms crooked around in an almost impossible position, his sandy hair in a great disarray. "Well, this'll never do," she said with a frown. Her heels clicked as she strode around to the side of the bed, shafts of silken light illuminating creamy, pale thighs.

Bending over, she couldn't see his face. It was stuffed into a ridiculously fluffy pillow. She frowned again, reached down, and grasped him gently by the shoulder with one hand and his knee with the other. Pushing ever so gently he began to roll over to his right. After a moment, his body decided to take over, and he fell over, with a flop, unto his back. 

He was fairly well built, she mused. She pulled a small book from a satchel and double-checked the name: "Scott W-_--s_n". Ugh, she couldn't read the last name. Her handwriting was horrible, but she was pretty sure this was the guy she'd picked. With a sigh, she returned the book to her satchel, and leaned down.

She hovered only an inch away from his face and closed her eyes. Gently, she blew into his open mouth, a perfumed mist escaping her lips. He breathed this in fully and seemed to fall into a deeper state of sleep. Once she was satisfied that he was asleep, and going to stay that way, she slipped out of her skin tight pants, removed her satchel, and clambered onto the soft covers of the bed.

She noticed that he wore boxers and said "thank you!" out loud. Briefs gave her too much trouble. Too much to fiddle with. With a deft motion, she had his member exposed and ready for action. She straddled him, wishing she'd remembered to bring a book and stifled a yawn. She paused mid-yawn when she heard him groan and move restlessly. 

After moment, she relaxed, and let the rest of the yawn out, smacking her lips afterwards. No one had ever woken in the centuries that she'd been doing what she did. How long had it been exactly? Something like 500 years, give or take a decade or two. Hmm, it seemed to go by so quickly.

Suddenly, she felt a touch on her arm, scaring her half to death, and breaking her out of her train of thought. She instinctively reached out and flicked on the light next to the bed. The small desk lamp first illuminated the small bedside table on which is was perched, then the bed, then the man whom she was straddling, then his outreached hand, then her snowy white breast, which the hand happened to be gripping.

"Hey!" she said in shock, pulling herself backwards.

The man recoiled his hand instantly, shielding his eyes from the blinding light. His brow was furled for a moment. Apparently the blaring white light hurt his eyes. After a moment, he opened them, but just a little. His eyes then proceeded to open wide, as his jaw fell comically open. She thought, "if they open any wider, they might pop out of his head."

She watched with some bemusement as he looked her over, first starting with her long, flowing dark hair. Hair so black, it looked blue in the light. Then he turned his attention to her smooth, pale skin, with nary a blemish. Her lips blazed with the color of candied cherries. He then moved downward toward her black, snugly fitting corset, her ample breasts, and her trim abdomen. His eyes continued to sink lower to where their bodies met, where she was wearing nothing at all. A grin slowly crept onto his face. She frowned.

She cleared her throat, putting her hands on her hips. "What do you think you're doing?" she said, tilting her head to one side.

The man looked up with eyes that saw an oncoming truck instead of a beautiful woman. He stammered, "I... um... well, you see... er....", but nothing coherent came out.

"I... um... well, you see... er...." she mocked, tilting her head to the other side, her hair spilling over her shoulder, exposing the tip of one of her small, but pointed ears.

He continued to stare at her in confusion for a moment but finally managed to say, "I... um, was, sleeping."

"Yes, were. That's the whole problem, mister. You're awake. You're supposed to be asleep, but here we are, having this conversation."

He lay there in silence for a few moments. "Well, you're, uh... you're, um..." he said with a smile that was probably meant to be genuine, but instead looked nervous. She liked this guy already.

"I'm what?" she asked in a huff, leaning down toward his face.

"You're riding me?" he said, the same smile on his face, his mouth pulling taught in a smirk on one side, exposing his teeth. She scoffed. This was just too much.

"Oh, so because I'm riding you," she gestured with both hands toward her crotch, "which I'm actually not, you're awake? Is that what you're saying? That it's my fault?" she snorted, her brow cinching in the middle. She leaned down so close to his face, that their noses almost touched.

That was technically a half truth. She had fully planned on riding him, or at least having him inside her. He had started getting hard, but Mr. Wakey Pants apparently woke up. She stayed like that for a few moments more and, just as he was about to say something, she quickly sat upright.

She cinched her mouth, then looked down at him. A sigh escaped her lips and she let her arms fall, relaxed, down to her sides. "You know this really throws a monkey wrench into everything, right?" she said, raising her eyebrows. "You were supposed to be asleep, Scott. I get in, do my thing, and I get out," she finished with a shrug.

"Do what?" the man asked, wincing. Then his eyes widened, "Hey, how do you know my name?"

A look of incredulity crossed her face as she answered, "to fuck you?" in a tone to match.

"Fuck me?" Scott said in wide-eyed disbelief.

"Yes, to fuck you. You do know what fucking is right? You know: screw, bang, get off, get it on, get laid, poontang, shag, pork, nooky, whoopee. Seriously?" she said, throwing her hands in the air and rolling her eyes. 

Scott didn't understand any of this, apparently. "Ok, I get it, I get it," he said in a hurt tone of voice.  "You're here to fuck me."

Her face softened. "Look, I'm sure you're a really sweet guy and everything, but the fact is I was supposed to get in and get out. You weren't even supposed to know about it and it's kinda got me in a bind."

"Why?"

She let out another sigh and said, "We try to stay in the shadows and not draw attention to ourselves."

"We? But, who are you?" he asked shrugging his shoulders.

"My name is unpronounceable in your tongue."

"What are you talking about?" he asked, obviously still lost. After a second, an apparently more pertinent question came to mind, "What are you?"

"I am a succubus," she said with a flourish.

"A what?"

"Do they not teach anyone anything in school anymore", he told the ceiling in a low voice. Her eyes came back to rest on his face and then she added, "Yes. A succubus. If you don't know what one is, it's far too complicated to go into that whole business right now."

Scott burst out laughing. "Are you kidding me?" he said, choking back more laughter.

The cross look returned to her face as Scott continued laughing. After a moment, she placed a hand on his chest and with the other gestured to her back with her thumb. "Check the wings, sport."

The smile was instantly swept from his face as she exposed a pair of large, leathery wings protruding from her back. She sat upright and stretched them to their full width.

Scott lay there dumbfounded for a moment, a twitch at the corner of his mouth. Then, suddenly, he began flailing about trying to get away from her. He cried out. He flailed ineffectually one way, and then equally ineffectually in another, and then tried both at the same time.

She quickly cupped her hand over his mouth, to quieten his cries, and shushed him. "Be quiet!" His reaction was the opposite that she had expected. She might as well have said, "I've come for your soul, Scott!" as he had redoubled his efforts. She knew that no matter how hard he tried, he could not throw her off of him, nor could he move out from under her. Until this whole business was concluded, he was staying right where he was.

Sighing, she tried tried again, "Ssssh, it's okay," this time with a smile. "It's okay, I'm not going to hurt you."

Finally he gave up the fight and went limp, breathing hard. He lay there, head to it's side, chewing on his lip. "What are you going to do to me?" he said in a weak voice.

She gently said in his ear, "I thought I made that abundantly clear. I'm here to fuck you."

"But I thought you said I wasn't supposed to be awake," he said, still not looking at her.

"That's right, you weren't," she replied.

"That can't be the only reason your here," he said, apparently studying the side of the nightstand in minute detail.

She reached under his chin with a pale hand, and gently rolled his head over. His eyes, however, refused to look at her so he stared over her right shoulder, instead. "I'm going to level with you: the reason you're supposed to be asleep is that we, the succubi that is, syphon off a tiny bit of your life force to keep ourselves alive."

This didn't provoke a response.

"And when I say tiny, I mean really tiny. It's like the difference between living to be 90 years old and living to be 89.99 years old," she said, stroking his hair, trying to reassure him.

"But I'll miss my 90th birthday," he said with a quiet sob.

"Okay, bad analogy," she said loudly, raising back up. "But you get the point. You won't even notice."

"You don't have to have sex with me, do you? Can't you find someone else?" he asked in a doubtful voice.

She shrugged. "Of course, I could, but I chose you. And once I choose someone, that's the one I have to be with. That's the rules, kiddo. However, from what I'm feeling inside of me, I don't think you want me to go," she said with a half-cocked grin.

Despite the struggling, despite the fear, despite everything, he was getting hard. She could feel him growing inside of her, her sex beginning to tighten around him.

He finally looked at her. "You promise it won't hurt?"

She made an "X" over her heart and said, "I promise it won't hurt." With a smirk, she added, "unless you want it to."

With that, she leaned down, scooped up his head in her hands, and kissed him on the mouth with her fiery lips. It was a long passionate kiss. She could feel a warmth spreading through her body. She rose, slightly, and her green eyes penetrated into his soul. She was hungry. She hadn't felt like this in so long. She kissed him again, more forcefully. 

At long last, she sat back up. "I'm impressed. Not bad at all, Scott" she said.

Gasping for breath he finally managed to say, "Uh, thanks."

"And your cock's not too bad either." she said with a wink. She could feel his now hard cock deep inside her, her pussy gripping him tightly.

She reached down, with one of her alabaster hands, and gently picked up his right hand, placing it on her chest. He splayed his fingers out over the swell of her breast, trapped under the tight material, and then gently squeezed. To someone used to this sort of thing, it might have meant nothing, but to her it drove her hunger to a honed edge. She closed her eyes, let out a moan. Her eyes flicked back open, fire burning within them, and licked her lips. This only seemed to further encourage him. So much the better. He gave her breast another tentative squeeze. Her mind was reeling and she sucked in a sharp intake of air. She was enjoying it, after the long decades. 

He continued massaging her breast for a while, until she finally plucked his hand off of her breast. "Here, let me help you," she said, and reached behind her back. She fumbled with the clasp of her corset like a nervous schoolgirl making out for the first time. With one last pull, the corset came free, falling down and covering his face. She deftly picked it up and tossed over her shoulded.

She smiled to herself. Scott must have liked what he saw. And why not? Her body was perfect. Her breasts weren't too big, nor too small, firm, with hard nipples the same color of her lips. She was thin, almost athletic, and her skin was the same smooth, milky color. She was meant to be attractive, and she was.

She leaned down, pressing her body against his, and kissed him hard, mouth open. She could feel her breasts pressed hard against his bare skin. A tingling warmth spread from her chest out toward her extremities. He caught her off guard, this time by kissing her back, pulling her toward him, one hand cupped behind her head. The other had found its way to her rear.

They stayed this way, locked in a lover's embrace, until she finally she broke off the kiss. Scott was left gasping for breath again. She propped herself up with her arms on either side of him, leaning back slightly, staring into his eyes with sparkling jade emeralds. 

"You're cock is so hard now," she said, smiling. It was true, he was hard as a rock now and she could feel his heart beating throughout the length of his penis. "It's been so long since I've done this," she said.

She pulled herself up. Her tight, swollen sex slowly slid up the length of his cock. He was rubbing all the right places and it felt incredible. Just before she reached the tip of his penis, she slowly brought herself back down until he was completely inside of her once again. She adjusted herself, and then did it again. Scott let out a pent up breath as she came back down. She responded with a gasp.

She quickened her pace. She could feel her nipples lightly grazing his chest each time she slid back onto his cock. He reached out and pulled her down. She lay down, her head to one side, long, dark hair spilling over him, still fucking him with a perfect rhythm. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her tightly against him, interconnecting his hands just below where her wings protruded from her back. She could feel his hot breath on the side of her face, coming in quick breaths. The sensations were nearly overwhelming.

He began lightly kissing her pointed ear, then moved to her neck. He gently gathered up the skin at the nape of her neck in his teeth. Finally, he returned to her ruby lips. She wrapped her creamy arms around his neck and kissed him passionately, this time slipping her tongue into his mouth. There was a moment of shock from Scott when he realized she had the forked tongue of a serpent, but at this point he obviously didn't care. She was a machine, with only one purpose, and she kept perfect time, sliding back and forth along the length of his manhood. 

She leaned back, never slowing down. He leaned forward, suckling one of her cherry-red nipples. Her nipple was erect, hard and he flicked it gently with his tongue. She let out a moan and arched her back, her head tilted back, exposing her milky white throat. He turned his attention to her other exposed breast.

She forcefully pushed him down onto the bed, kissing him again. Her thrusts became harder as she rode him. She knew if she kept this up for much longer, he was going to come. With each down stroke, she could sense he was getting closer and closer. She didn't want it to end.

Her whole body felt like it was filled with electricity. Every movement she made, every time she touched his skin, it would spark. He seemed to be enjoying herself as well. Good. "Keep fucking me," she said in a pant, "I'm going to..." she broke off, biting her lip.

He began rocking his hips, lightly at first, and then building in intensity. He matched her rhythm, penetrating her to the fullest each time he entered her. She was in a haze, nothing seemed real. She could feel his warmth, pressed against her, rubbing across her bare skin with every movement.

She was passing the point of no return. His bucking became more animalistic and erratic, and he grunted with each thrust. She let out a moan as she came, stiffening, her back arched. She could feel her contractions squeezing his cock with even more intensity than before, drawing him deeper inside her. He drove into her as hard as he could as he exploded, shooting his load deep inside of her. 

When her orgasm had come to an end, she collapsed onto him, breathing hard, slightly trembling. He put one arm around her neck and she nestled up beside him, draping one arm across his chest.

"I'd forgotten how good the old fashioned way feels," she said at last and kissed his chin.

"It was amazing and definitely worth the .01 years," he said, staring up at the ceiling.

"You're sweet," she replied.

Scott drifted off to sleep with her beside him. She felt better than she ever had in her life. 

- - -

Slowly, he awakened and then sat bolt upright in the bed. It was morning. He was in bed, the comforter in a disheveled mess around him, and unfortunately, alone. There was absolutely no sign of the woman, what-so-ever. He flopped back down onto his pillow laughing.

He closed his eyes and laughed again quietly to himself. It was just a dream after all. He pulled the covers up to his neck and snuggled down into them, rolling over on his side. He opened his eyes once more, looking at the alarm clock, but what caught his eye was the small, square object propped up next to the lamp.

The object was totally black, about 2 inches square and about as thick as a piece of construction paper. It seemed to suck in light. If Scott had known more about his lover from the previous night, he would have understood that that's exactly what it was doing.

He reached out and grabbed it. It weighed far more than it should and he struggled to pick it up. He flipped it over in his hands and found that it was completely blank on both sides. He was just about to toss back onto the nightstand when he noticed some symbols had begun appearing on one side of the card, in red. He didn't recognize them and they looked very old. Slowly, to his astonishment, the symbols began to take on the shape of straight forward english. He read the note out loud:

"Scott. Last night was a blast. It was the best sex... well, the only real sex, I've had in decades. If you ever want to get together again just hold your thumb to the glyph on the back of this harrex and say the phrase, 'a reveni'."
