 This is my first submission to Literotica, so bear that in mind when you read this. It starts out a little slow, but it gets better if you give it a chance. 

Any positive comments, suggestions, or constructive criticism are appreciated and will affect how many, how often, or even if I submit any new work. I hope you enjoy this.

~Neorotoxin

__________________________

Before you get deep into my story, you need to know the truth about Succubae, or you will not really understand the big picture. They are not demons, if such a thing existed in the first place, and they are most certainly not evil. Though they may not have been demons, they were certainly magical. They do not drain the life out of you, but instead consume the energy created from the passion and exertion of sex itself. This has no negative side effects, other than feeling slightly more exhausted than you might be otherwise. Though they need this energy to survive, they can and do eat our food when they wish. They were not just female or just male, but could change between the two completely or with various combinations of the traits of each as they saw fit, so there never has been any difference between Succubae and Incubi. They never interfered with people that did not or would not want what they were offering, and stayed away from people who were involved with another person, unless both partners wished to share them. They will often stay with a human mate for years as long as the human can sustain at least having sex once a day.

They may have been human in appearance and shape, but they had several major differences which aided them greatly. They can live for two or three hundred years, and they do not age like humans do. When they naturally reach the limit of their lifespan, they dissipate into a kind of mental energy that is absorbed into all of their kindred within several miles, which contains a few of their happiest memories. They have the strength of several normal adult humans, and can heal any wounds that are not life threatening within a few minutes.

They found people interested in them by reading the thoughts and dreams of potential mates, especially those that are erotic in nature, which they can find most easily. They can even communicate with mates once they are sure that the mate wishes their attention and has no hostile intentions toward them. They can conceive children of their own from sex with men, but can not impregnate human women, though these children were pure Succubae, probably due to an innate magical ability separate from their controlled abilities. They can fly, but the whole thing with bat wings is not true. They can form such wings, if it pleases their current partner, but their magical ability is what makes them fly in the first place. This is also true with all such non-human-like appendages such as horns, hooves, and tails. To facilitate their mating, their breasts produce a milk that increases their partners' libido. Their magical ability can even change things other than themselves, to varying degrees depending on what they are changing.

No one knows where they came from, not even themselves, though they do know they have been around for nearly two millennia. They do know that they did not originate on Earth. They may not have even had their "current" forms at the time when they first encountered us, as they believe, but may have adapted to our form to better acclimate to our way of life and to blend into our society. They hold real jobs and live normal lives like the rest of us during the day, but at night they go "on the prowl", and collect their energy for the night.

Various churches over the years have consistently labeled them evil for the simple reason that they view sex itself outside marriage as a sin, with some even believing it a sin under any circumstance at all. This is obviously stupid, as how could such an act, full of pleasure and happiness for both partners, pending it is consensual, be evil? After discovering they were not human, and in their view being a constant sinner, the narrow minded "saints" decided they must be evil. They could not understand that other people, and in this case species, could view the world through different eyes, and through that have different beliefs.

The churches used their strong influence in the lives of their people to spread lies and rumors about the Succubae. They started the lie that the Succubae drained the life of the people that slept with them, because they could not dissuade the people any other way. They took the age-old trick of coercing people with fear and used it with great success to stop most of the Succubae. This bad rap has stayed with them for most of their time on Earth, and they have had a hard time shaking it off.

__________________________

My story starts much like most peoples, with a Succubus finding me in the middle of a highly erotic dream. In this dream, I was having fast and furious sex with a beautiful brunette, who was enjoying herself just as much as I was, apparent by the volume and speed of her moaning. We were in a ritzy hotel suite, her on her back on a huge bed, covered with the best finery, a trail of clothes leading from the door. She was like you could imagine, long slim legs, wide and curvy hips, a tight round butt, a slim waist, a slightly puffy pussy with slightly extended labia, breasts of that perfect size just a bit bigger than large grapefruits, ones your hands can hold easily, and a face like a runway models, with brilliant emerald green eyes. She was in essence a walking wet dream, except that she really was only a dream. As usually happens, this Succubus inserted herself into my dream, taking the place and appearance of my dream-girl. She used her vaginal muscles to great effect to increase our mutual pleasure in a manner she could control, resulting in our simultaneous climax. In an unusual turn for these dreams, she told me in a sultry whisper, "that was great, lover", which immediately woke me up in surprise.

To understand why this woke me up, you need to know that I am a lucid dreamer. This means that a great deal of the time I have complete awareness and control of my dream. This is quite useful when in an erotic dream, making it possible to enact fantasies more easily than the apparent randomness which many dreams have. So you can understand why I would wake from a lucid dream when a character in my dream did something I had not intended her to do.

This of course occupied part of my mind most of the day, ruining my day at work, being unable to do anything well. At the end of the day after relaxing, having dinner, and going to bed, I lay awake for a long time thinking of what happened. The weirdness made it hard to fall asleep, but I figured it was a fluke, some fantasy I experienced while daydreaming intruding because it was unfinished or some such. Once asleep and dreaming, this time in a rustic cabin in a secluded forest, I prepared to create a new dream girl again. Instead, she showed up before I could even begin, gloriously nude. I was surprised, but I managed to keep dreaming this time, and decided to see how far this dream went. 

I asked "who are you and why are you here?"

She simply stated "I am your dream girl"

Annoyed, I blurted "that's not enough, if you were just my dream girl, you wouldn't show up by yourself like that. I know you aren't just a dream, because I control my dreams"

Though we had just been talking, I hadn't been able to keep my eyes off of her luscious body, and had grown quite the hard-on. "Isn't it enough, don't you want me?" she said, as she spread her legs and dipped her hand into her pussy, which was dripping with her desire.

Stammering, I said "under normal circumstances it would be, but I need to get the facts straight before I do anything. You may as well put on some clothes, normal clothes mind you, so we can talk easier. You sitting there like that makes it hard for me to concentrate, and I refuse to do anything until I know what is going on."

Pouting, she made herself appear in a pair of form-fitting jeans and a tight blouse, unbuttoned enough to show a generous amount of her beautiful cleavage. Sitting down on the bed she said "I'm a succubus".

This caused me to back off and mutter nervously "wait a minute; I don't think this is a good idea now, I don't want to die for a quick fuck".

Looking depressed, she said "that isn't how it is, those stupid churches have spread all manner of lies, and Succubae aren't like that. The truth is..." She then proceeded to explain the history of the Succubae to me, of which I have already explained to you, so I need not repeat it.

Once I had calmed down and sat next to her, holding her to me to help her feel better, I asked "how do you normally do this, when the person you are seducing is not a lucid dreamer?"

She said "normally, I insert myself into an erotic dream like I did for you, and have sex with them inside the dream. I do this for several nights, letting them get used to seeing me in their dreams repeatedly. Then, once they are to the point of expecting me, I start like I would the other times, but while I am fucking them in the dream, I start fucking them in their real bed. I slowly cause them to wake, but they keep fucking away, thinking they are still dreaming. When they finish, the drain causes them to go back to sleep, and they are none the wiser. The fact that they were already asleep at first and with the addition of a little of my magic makes it easy. Otherwise they might become fully awake, and it could be difficult, they might not be able to handle the truth."

Pondering this for a few minutes, I turn her face towards me and say "if I wake now, will you come to me?"

Looking excited, she said "you would knowingly sleep with me, even though I'm not human?"

Smiling, I said "of course. You might not be human, but you are a woman, and you are a good person. I can tell now that I am not so nervous that you have a good heart, being that I am a good judge of character."

She said "then I will be there when you wake, and I can hardly wait, it has been a very long time since I found someone who wanted me for the person I am, not as just a fuck."

Opening my eyes, I see her beautiful face smiling above me, and I quickly pull her down for a deep kiss. Settling down against me, she said "shall we?"

For an answer, I grabbed her ass and rolled over with her, leaving her on her back and me on top. I quickly pulled off my boxers, and dropped to my chest between her open legs. I slid my tongue along her slit, and after tasting the bittersweet taste of kiwis, looked up at her face in surprise. Smiling at me, she said "remember, I can read your thoughts and desires, so I picked your favorite fruit for a taste, I figured you'd enjoy it."

Laughing, I took a few more licks before I dragged her to the edge of the bed and after teasing her pussy with my cock a bit, slid slowly in. Moaning, she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me in deeper. Soon, we started a slow but powerful rhythm, with me pulling out and her using her legs and pussy muscles. Pretty soon we were both close, and with one last thrust I exploded in her, bathing her insides with blast after blast of cum, which set her off too. As we came together, I could just barely feel the drain, only because I was looking for it. As she had said, I was only a little more tired than I would have been.

After resting together for a bit, I looked into her eyes and asked "so, what is your name?"

Smiling, she said "Lily".

Holding her to me for a little longer, I asked "will I see you again?"

Grinning widely, she murmured "just try and stop me."

__________________________

This went on for a couple days, until we started dating as well as fucking. After several months, going out regularly and fucking each and every night, after we had finished an especially wild ride and were resting together, I asked "isn't it about time you moved in with me?"

Looking serious, she said "I don't think that is a good idea".

Getting slightly annoyed, I asked "why the hell not?"

Giggling, she said "because I own a large house, which is much nicer than this tiny apartment. I think it would be better if you moved in with me. And you can go ahead and quit that crappy job being a waiter at that worthless restaurant. I played the stock market a couple decades ago; I have some thirty million in the bank and some twenty million in stock I haven't sold, so you needn't worry."

Laughing even more at the shocked expression on my face, she said "don't look so surprised. I am almost two hundred years old, I long ago became very good at seeing trends in the population. It helps me know when to move on to greener pastures before my stay wears out. Compared to figuring out how people act, figuring out how they spend is easy. Then all you need to do is grow a knack for seeing products that are going to be a hit, and then playing the stock market child' play."

Smiling, I said "that sounds like a good idea" and proceeded to kiss her deeply.

__________________________

Days later, all moved in, with new clothes and paraphernalia, and my old stuff donated, we were once again at it in her huge bed, and between moans she asked "are you ready for the next step?"

Moving my mouth from her nipples, I asked "what do you mean?"

Grinning, she said "you'll see", she then proceeded to touch our minds together like we had done to share ideas and thoughts, but instead she connected our bodies through her mind, so we felt each others pleasure.

Gasping as I drove my cock into her and felt it, I said "that's amazing; I never realized how good it was for you."

Moaning again, she said "yes, and it gets better, just wait until we orgasm together."

After fucking for a very short time, due to feeling both sides, we climaxed together as usual, though it seemed incredibly intense, and unreal. I couldn't wrap my head around feeling her full body orgasm, and the sensation of my cum shooting into her, but feeling the receiving end.

Smiling widely, I said "wow, that was intense, I can't describe how good that felt, though I know you understand."

Laughing, she said "of course, I have felt both sides, but I figured since you can't, you'd appreciate feeling what I feel."

Looking pleadingly into her eyes, I said "we will do this again, wont we?"

Grinning, she said "of course".

__________________________

This immediately became part of our routine, with me taking a whole new interest in all her pleasure spots, feeling them from her side, feeling pleasures in ways I'd never dreamed of. Pretty soon I became addicted to her pleasure, effectively ignoring my own, and losing my sense of self. Within a month, she stopped disconnecting our minds at all, and I was able to experience her all the time.

After one extraordinary fuck, she asked me "would you like to experience it for yourself and not through me?"

My mind blurry from the fuck, I quickly said "of course".

Smiling, she said "Well then, let's get to it." Sliding out from under me, she had me turn on my back while she stood up at the foot of the bed. She then proceeded to hold her arms in my directions, palms towards my cock, and concentrate. Pretty soon, a soft blue light emanated from her hands, and covered me from head to toe. Within a few seconds, I could feel a tingling followed by a wonderful heat start at my cock, and spread throughout my body. After a minute or so, she started to change, her hair turning a fiery red, her breasts expanding until they were the size of large honeydew melons, her ass filling out a bit more, her legs lengthening a bit, and a long thick cock sprouting above her pussy, and her eyes turning bright violet just as my vision faded a bit.

When it cleared, she stood before me in her new form, and told me "take a look at your new body. You should like it; it is the body of your deepest fantasies, exactly as you wished it. You see, we Succubae seek to fulfill our mates deepest fantasies. Though at first it may be difficult to sift through the conditioning your society instilled in you which makes you hold on to your macho nature, eventually I found the truth. You always wanted to be like this, and now you are."

My eyes wide, I looked down, and saw the beautiful brunette body Lily had been inhabiting, and smiled wide. When I noticed I had a nice, long, thick cock above my pussy just like Lily, I grinned even wider. I said "thank you... mistress"

Grinning wickedly, she said "mistress... I think I like the sound of that, so from now on that is how you will address me. If you use any other title, you will be punished. Now slide that fine ass of yours over to the edge of the bed and we'll get to it."

Obeying instantly, I moaned as she rammed her cock into my new pussy, then moan even more as she rotated around and guided my cock into her pussy. Grabbing my breasts, I said "mistress, I can't thank you enough, this is my dream come true, now please fuck me harder......"