 Scott reclined on his bed, watching television. He absent-mindedly fingered the black card that lie in his lap, it's weight heavy on his thigh. It was a harrex and could be used to summon a succubus. No, that wasn't right. It could be used to summon THE succubus, because for him there was only one. 

He could see her now in his mind's eye: creamy, flawless skin, perfect breasts, perfect legs, perfect hair, and those crimson lips. It had been a week since their encounter and he couldn't get her out of his mind. He'd researched succubi on the Internet, at the library, and sketched her form over and over. He was clearly obsessed.

Tonight was one week, to the day, since they were together, and he thought it would be only fitting to give her a call, so to speak. He smiled, finally deciding that the moment was right. He looked down at the black card and read what it said: "Scott. Last night was a blast. It was the best sex... well, the only real sex, I've had in decades. If you ever want to get together again just hold your thumb to the glyph on the back of this harrex and say the phrase, 'a reveni'."

Scott turned the card over and peered at the image on the back. It was a circle breached by what appeared to be a trident. He pressed his thumb firmly to the image. It seemed to radiate heat. He held the card aloft and said, "a reveni!"

At that moment, he felt white-hot pain shoot through his thumb. He dropped the card to the bed, withdrawing his hand. It landed with a solid thud, sinking into the mattress where it lay. Scott looked at it and then at his thumb. There was a bright red spot on the tip of his thumb as if something had pierced his skin.

He leaned over and examined the card. Sure enough, there was a drop of blood on the point of the trident. Scott sat there, dumbfounded, cradling his hand. Then suddenly, the blood began to soak into the card, filling the circle. Then, with wide-eyed horror, he saw the card fly into the air.

The card stopped eight feet off of the floor, the glyph glowing brightly. The side of the card containing the glyph then turned toward the floor. A beam of white-hot light shown out, striking the carpet. The beam split into two, the two shafts of light moving away from each other. Suspended between the two beams formed a gulf of blazing fire, embers flying in every direction. 

When lightning began to strike around the room, Scott decided it was probably a good time to take cover. He scrambled up and over the head of the bed, and crouched behind it. He peaked over the top railing, his curiosity getting the better of him.

The card had created a doorway. He could see a dark passageway hanging impossibly in the air. It extended several feet into darkness, tinged on the sides by flame and cinders. Then he saw it. It was difficult to see at first, but there was a form in the passage. He couldn't tell who, or even what, it was, but it was moving his way. He hunkered down just a bit further.

Finally, at long last, the figure stepped out of the darkness. It was the succubus, dressed in a tight, leather outfit, her wings tucked behind her. She stepped into his bedroom.

"Um, hello? Anyone there?" she called, looking around the room. Scott felt embarrassed and stood up. "Oh, there you are," she said with a smile. She raised her hand in the air and snapped her fingers. Within a matter of a second, the entire conglomeration of fire, smoke, lightning, and light were pulled into the small card, which came to rest on her upraised palm. It landed, and with a final puff of smoke, she grasped it.

Scott shuffled out from behind the bed, tripping a bit on the foot post. She smiled a wicked smile and strode over to him, rocking her hips from side to side, exaggerating her gait. He took her in: the creamy skin, the long, black hair, the fiery lips, her perfect legs. She saw he was getting a hard on just watching her walk.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately. Scott kissed her back, pulling her body close to him. She finally broke off the kiss and looked into his hazel eyes. "What took you so long, big boy?" she asked with a coy smile.

"I didn't want to seem desperate," he said, sheepishly.

"You can seem all sorts of desperate, if you want," she said, and kissed him again. She leaned close and whispered, "I like desperate."

She then noticed the sketches hung around the room. "Ooh, I like your décor. Who's the subject, I wonder?" she said, as she walked over to the nearest one and plucked it gingerly from the wall.

Scott, feeling a flush of embarrassment, snatched the sketch from her hand. She noticed that he didn't crumple it, but rather put it on the desk across the room. "Tsk, tsk, Scotty. No need to get flustered," she said looking abashed, a slender finger held to her blood-red lip.

She walked over to him and said, "I think someone needs to relax." With that, she gently pushed him backwards. He stumbled slightly, landing squarely on the bed. She was on him in a second, pinning him to the bed. She leaned down and ran her long, snake-like tongue up his neck, stopping at his ear. He giggled slightly, smiling, and then coughed, seriousness reasserting itself.

It took him a moment, but he finally said, "Would you like to... um, like to..." he stammered.

She sat up, straddling him. "Fuck?" she asked. "I'd love to."

She stood up. Scott tried to sit up, but she pushed him back down on the bed. "But first..." She prowled across the bed on all fours. She pushed Scott's legs apart as wide as they would go, then with one deft motion tore his boxers off. She smiled to herself. Scott was already hard as a rock and she hadn't even touched him yet.

He tried to lift his head, but she just gingerly pushed it down again, with an exaggerated look of consternation on her face. Scott couldn't see what she was doing, but he had a fairly good idea. She inched her face forward and then allowed her forked-tongue to escape her full lips. It found its way to the base of Scott's cock, and then ran along its entire length. She could feel Scott stiffen and exhale forcefully as she did so.

She then ran it along the sensitive underside and did the same thing. He involuntarily grasped a fistful of sheets this time. She smiled to herself and then kissed the tip of his penis. She could already taste the salty taste of precum.

She sat up, her hands on her hips. "Scott, seriously? You're practically ready to explode, right now," she said scornfully.

He just looked up and sort of shrugged.

"Ugh, well this just isn't going to work," she said, fishing something out the satchel which she slung over her shoulder. "Aha!" she said at last, and pulled a small red cord from her bag.

"What is that?" Scott asked.

"Never you mind that, mister," she said. She wrapped it loosely around Scott's testicles. Scott could feel a burning sensation and he tried to get up. 

"What the hell is that?" he asked, panicking, trying to get out from under her.

She looked down at him. "Shush," she said. "It won't hurt you. In fact, it's quite the opposite. You'll get all the pleasure from what we're about to do without going off too early. You won't come until I'm done with you."

Scott looked up into her emerald green eyes and relaxed. He could already feel the burning sensation subsiding. To his amazement, he couldn't even see the cord any longer.

"Now, where were we," she said, smiling. She put her ruby lips on the tip of his cock and gently licked the head. She could feel him growing harder again. A few more tentative licks and he was rock hard again. She then pressed her lips firmly on the tip of his cock. Slowly her lips separated and his shaft passed the threshold. She could feel her warm lips envelope first the head of his penis, then slowly, his entirety. She then withdrew him and did it again.

Slowly, she built up speed, taking him into her mouth again and again. She could tell Scott was beside himself: his head was lolling to one side, his mouth was agape, and he was breathing heavily. She smiled inwardly; he was soaking it up.

Suddenly, Scott tensed, sat bolt upright, and rocked his hips. He then lurched forward, grasping her milky shoulder. She simply stopped, poised above the head of his penis, smiling. Convulsions seemed to shake him and he grunted with each one. After a few moments Scott stopped, panting heavily, sweat standing out on his skin.

"What the hell was that?" he asked, looking at the woman.

She licked her lips and said, "What did it feel like?" rubbing his scrotum.

"Well," he said, pausing to think. "It felt like I came... but I didn't."

"Exactly," she said, standing, her hands on her hips. She gestured toward his testicles. "And you were worried about that little old bit of string," she said, pouting.

"Wait... what?" he said, confused.

She just smiled a wicked smile and pushed him back down on the bed, forcefully. "You'll figure it out. It's my turn." She snapped her fingers and all of her clothing fell from her in a heap at her feet.

She crawled onto the bed slowly, her face a mixture of amusement and lust. He felt something moist touching his abdomen. He looked up to see her licking his belly button. She worked her way up his body; kissing, licking, teasing. Every time Scott would try to lift his head to look at her, a hand would gently push his forehead until he would relent.

At long last she was face to face with him once again. She stared into his eyes with her two emeralds, kissed him passionately for a moment, but then moved on. She could see the confusion, then the realization, dawning on his face.

After more nibbling, teasing, and kisses she was where she wanted to be. Her bald sex was poised directly over Scott's face, which displayed a look of sheepish anticipation. He reached up rubbed her mound, and she emitted a low moan and licked her lips.

With a look that told Scott that it was now time for business, she lowered herself, ever so slowly, until her sex was pressed firmly into his face. His hungry, gaping mouth went to work immediately, and she felt a shiver thrill through her body. She sat there, motionless, for a moment savoring the sensations, her mouth open.

She leaned forward, grinding her hips, her sex pinned against his face. She could feel his tongue working its magic, flicking inside her. Scott reached up and around her thighs, pulling her further down on top of him. She leaned forward even more, pressing her sex down hard.

She smiled to herself. He was good. She began grinding her hips faster. The fiery lust had started burning inside her. She grabbed the bedpost closest to her for support and let out a moan. She could feel the feeling welling up inside her. Her thrusts became more animalistic and she began softly grunting with each. 

She suddenly tensed as she felt a flood of fire escape from between her legs. She rocked with the force, collapsing onto the bed. With each one of her rhythmic waves of pleasure, she lightly moaned, until they had abated. She relaxed. It wasn't a long one, but it was a intense one.

There was a tapping on her butt cheek. Scott! She sat bolt upright and practically stood on the bed. Scott was lying there sputtering and gasping. She sat down on his legs and said "Are you okay?"

"Szzzccctt!" was all Scott could reply.

"You're fine," she said, with a satisfactory tone, and practically vaulted off of the bed. She appeared a moment later between his legs, examining him. "You're still rock hard, Scott. If I didn't know better, I'd say you cared! That's so sweet," she said with a wicked smile and playful eyes.

Before he could move, she gently pushed him back toward the headboard, with a single fingertip. "Wha?" was all Scott could mutter before she was up on the bed with him. She set his legs straight out in front of him, then crawled over them until she was face to face once again.

She kissed him softly and passionately this time, her ruby red lips pressed gently against his. When they broke off the kiss he slowly worked his way down to her milky neck, kissing gently as he went. As he suckled her neck, just above the collarbone, she felt another bolt of pleasure course through her. She had to have him, and she had to have him now.

Gently shrugging him off of her shoulder, she moved forward until she was sitting in his lap. She then rose and, with one slender, pale hand, inserted him slowly into her. She gasped as she did so. She was definitely getting her money's worth out of the capsiliad cord tonight.

Once he was firmly inside of her, she pulled him close and kissed him again, this time more fiercely. He kissed her back with the same intensity, wrapping his arms around her neck. She slowly began thrusting back and forth, letting her head fall backwards. Scott took advantage of this and began kissing her neck and shoulder.

A soft moan escaped her lips as Scott located her collarbone and attacked it as if he was eating ribs, playing his teeth gently across her shoulder. She playfully nibbled on his ear, whipping her snake-like tongue around the rim. She could feel one hand slipping away from her back and finding it's way to her left breast, where it massaged and tweaked her erect nipple. Heat radiated outward from it. She let out a moan and intensified her thrusts.

She was already beginning to feel the burning heat between her legs. Each time he entered her she was pushed closer to the edge. Scott was beginning to push into her, matching her own thrusts, rubbing her all the right ways. She clasped her hands on either side of him and began pulling him toward her, forcing him to go deeper with each thrust.

She was almost beside herself with lust. Reaching out with her teeth bared, she caught Scott's earlobe and gave it another, more forceful nibble. He didn't even seem to notice. It was almost as if he was in a trance. Then she realized "of course he is, silly."

He was beginning to grunt with each forward thrust and she was teetering on the edge. His mouth left her shoulder, and as he pushed her backwards, it found it's way to her other breast. She could feel the intense suction as he suckled her nipple, sending sparks of pleasure through her.

A rush of heat raced through her body and her sex seemed to be molten, as she came a second time. Her orgasm was so strong, that she seemed to convulse. A moment later, Scott stiffened as well, as he enjoyed his own. The waves of heat and pleasure passed through her much longer this time, sending shivers down her back once they were done.

It only took a moment for Scott to realize that he could keep going, so he did. She pulled herself tightly against him, feeling her soft, perfect skin rubbing against his. She could feel his heavy breath on the nape of her neck, then kisses once again down her neck and shoulder.

It didn't take long for the fire to build in her sex this time. She loved feeling him inside of her. A shiver ran through her as Scott's tongue had found its way to the tip of her elf-like ear. She'd never felt this sensation before and was overwhelmed. She guessed that's because she was always busy with other regions of her body.

After only a minute of gentle licking, she came again, the fire pouring out of her. Wave after wave of pleasure passed through her and this time she even unconsciously shouted the words "Yes, Scottttttt!" This time the pleasure seemed to last forever and she rolled her back every single time it would crest.

She wanted to come again and she wanted to right then. The clasped her arms around Scott's waist and practically gave him a bear hug. He was so deep inside her now and with every thrust, she felt she the lava coursing through her veins begin to collect in her swollen sex.

Her thrusts intensified even further, going at a breakneck pace. Scott was following suit, thrusting into her with equal ferocity. Sweat stood out on his brow, running down his face. She could feel his sweat running down between her breasts, her rock hard nipples sliding across his wet skin as she bobbed.

She almost instantly felt his warm mouth against the sensitive tip of her ear again. It took only a tentative lick from him to send her over the edge. She hugged him even harder as she came. Ripples of pleasure rushed through her to her extremities as she came intensely. She shook with the force of it, squeezing him each time a wave would pass through her. He continued to nibble on her ear for the entire duration, causing it to seemingly last an eternity.

At long last she collapsed onto him, panting. He rubbed her back, playing his hand across the edge of one of her wings. "Wow, Scott," she said, once she'd recovered, smiling at him.

"Wow, yourself," he said, and kissed her gingerly.

She slowly picked herself up, Scott's still rock hard penis emerging from her. She clambered across the bed on all fours, and then helped Scott stand as well. She hugged him once more and kissed him passionately on the lips.

"Ow, Scott, you could put an eye out with that thing!" she said with a wink, looking down at his erection. "Well, I can't leave you like that, in good conscious," she said playfully, then added, "not that I have one, mind you."

She reached down underneath his testicles, cupped her hand, and began lightly massaging them. After a few moments, the cord she had applied to them, earlier in the night, fell into her hand. "We won't be needing this," she said and pushed him onto the bed. He landed in a sitting position on the edge.

She kneeled on the floor and then got down on her knees, sitting on her feet. She forcefully pushed his legs apart and then pushed him down onto the bed. In one hand appeared a vial of amber liquid. She poured this liquid onto the tip of his throbbing penis.

She put the vial into her satchel, along with the string, and tied the top shut. Her attention then fell to Scott. She felt his red-hot penis in her soft, milky hands. She gave him a few tentative strokes and watched as he thrust his hips forward. He was apparently right on the edge.

She slowly stroked him, sensually, squeezing the head of his cock periodically. It amused her as she watched him clutch a fistful of sheets in one hand as he grunted. She knew he was close, but she didn't speed up. She wanted it to last as long as possible for him.

Which apparently wasn't much longer. He came suddenly and she had to stand quickly to avoid any... accidents. She looked around the room. "Here, dry yourself off," she said, handing him towel from a nearby chair.

He sheepishly wiped himself as clean as he could, and then folded the towel in on itself. She stood there watching, a mischievous grin on her red lips.

He looked up at her and said, "I guess I need to go shower off."

"Well, normally I'd join you, but I've got a lot going on tonight... you know, survival and everything," she replied, thumbing over her right shoulder. She picked up the card from the desk where she'd placed it.

"Oh, well, if you need to," he said, looking down at the floor.

"Hey, I'll be back, sport. You're great in bed," she said with a hand on her hip.

With that, she picked up her bag and clothes, pressed her thumb firmly to the glyph, and spoke, "averti!" She turned to Scott as the doorway formed behind her.

He suddenly looked up. "I never did get your name," he said, talking loudly over the noise that filled the room.

"Like I said, it's unpronounceable to you. My name is," she said followed by what sounded like thunder, shaking the room, mixed with low guttural syllables; an altogether unpleasant sound. "But you can call me Miln," she followed up with a smirk.

"Miln," he said out loud. 

"Sure, why not?" she replied, turning back to the doorway that had now fully formed. She stepped inside and turned toward him once more. "Remember, if you want to see me again, just put your thumb to the card and say the words."
