 God, the walk from the club seemed like it was taking forever. Maybe it was the heavy silence, maybe it was my godforsaken heels! For whatever reason, I was really creeped out walking alone, more so than usual. I must have been out of my mind to walk home by myself in the early morning hours. As if that weren't enough, I had to pass several cemeteries along the way. The last one was by far the worst. It was old as hell. Vines crawled up the stones that made up the half walls. Set into the stone were wrought-iron fences with spikes at the top. It was a nearly impenetrable fortress set up over one hundred years ago to keep the body snatchers out. "God Jenny, you're an easy scare." I told myself. 

I swore I saw something out of the corner of my eye move across the cemetery ground from one grave behind another. I looked for a disturbance in the fog, and there wasn't one. The fog had been rolling in for some time. The cemetery was thick with it and it had begun to spill out in the street now. I jerked my head back toward the cemetery at the sound of twig snapping. Damn, I couldn't see a thing. I was dark in there, but anyone could have been concealed by the fog if they crouched low enough. I picked up my pace. 

The huge iron gates rested on their ancient hinges. A thick chain was roped around the two inner bars and a heavy pad lock sat securely in the center. "Who in their right mind would want to get in?" I murmured to myself. It was dead silent. There wasn't a breeze to rustle the leaves. All I heard was the resounding clatter of my heels on the sidewalk as I moved. 

As I passed the gates I felt relieved that nothing had jumped out at me. But then I heard a horrible sound that I will never forget. The sound of the thick chain links clinked together and then the ancient gates creaked on their hinges. My heart began to flutter as the first signs of panic built in my body. I turned to see the gate swinging open and then a loud bang rang out as the iron slapped against the stone pillar holding it. It creaked back a bit. I wasn't about to wait around for whatever was on the other side of that gate about to exit the cemetery. I turned again and pulled my heels off as I engaged in a full sprint. I ran the length of the cemetery, finally passing its boundaries. I continued to run several more blocks and then stopped to catch my breath. I leaned against the brick wall of a storefront. My chest heaved up and down as I ran my hands over my face. I heard someone walking toward me and I looked up. 

At first glance I dismissed him because he was just a man. I guess I was expecting something more like a ghost. But I quickly did a double take. The only way to describe him was that he looked like a force. He was dressed in black from head to toe. His tight t-shirt clung to his muscular frame. His hair was stylishly a bit longer. But the way he moved was mesmerizing. His body was tall and lean and he carried himself with an almost superior air of confidence. His dark eyes had settled on me and that was where they stayed while he moved toward me. He didn't say a word, and he didn't need to. His eyes said it all. 

I don't know how he did it, but I suddenly realized that I was his. It was not by choice, and yet not by force either. I was spellbound, entranced. It was as though nothing else existed but this predator moving toward me. He walked up to me casually while I still leaned back against the wall. When he reached me he did the strangest thing. He leaned in and sniffed me. He breathed in deeply while inhaling the air in front of my body. He came away with a smirk. Although it was an odd gesture, I found it to be very sexy. His presence aroused me more than any man ever had. My body ignited. My heart pumped a slow and steady sex laced pulse through my body. My breasts felt swollen and tender and I was well aware of the dampness between my legs. 

He reached out and pulled down the front of my dress. My breasts spilled out in front of him. His hand covered one of them and he pressed against it. While he slid his hand from the globe of my breast, he let his fingers trail around the curve of it and led them to my nipple. He pinched it, pulled a bit and let go, allowing it to spring back into place. It sent a jolt of fire to my pussy which was getting wetter by the second. 

He held my shoulders and pulled me away from the wall. He turned me around and pressed his palm between my shoulder blades. Pushing gently, he bent me over. I settled my hands on the sill of the store front window. He grabbed my skirt and flipped it up onto my back. With one hand, he slid my panties to the side and held them there. His other hand came down and I felt his finger slide between my wet pussy lips and push into my cunt. My legs began to shake. My cunt was already swollen and ripe. He pulled his finger out and I heard him inhale again, then a deep growl. He reached back down and with his palm, covered the plump mound of flesh between my legs. He kneaded my swollen lips in his palm and flicked my clit with his finger tip. His other hand moved and I was suddenly being penetrated by several of his fingers. My heart pumped hard. I felt my cunt tighten and then pulse around his fingers as I came. 

Then I heard my dress being torn. He used the shreds from my dress to bind my wrists and my ankles. He tied one strip between the two bindings and pulled down, forcing me to bend over all the way to the sidewalk. I was hogtied on a sidewalk four blocks from my apartment and I didn't care. The next thing I felt was a slap on my lower back. It wasn't until the third time that I saw that it was his cock. I had turned my head and noticed that I was able to see him in the reflection from the store front window. When I saw the size of his cock my heart jumped in fear. But I was still powerless to react. I couldn't really snap put of it. He pressed his cock against my wet pussy and slid it up and down between my lips. He settled against the entrance and began to push his way in. My pussy stretched painfully to accommodate the girth of his cock head. It was so large that it snapped into me. Then he pushed harder, digging his way all the way up, pushing hard against my cervix. It was exquisitely painful. He firmly grasped my hips. He pulled out slowly but then rammed so hard into me that my dangling tits bounced. He did this several more times. Then he lifted me up with his cock still in me and walked around the front of a parked car. He leaned me onto the hood and placed each bare foot on the front bumper. In doing this, I was essentially squatting on the bumper. My knees were spread far apart and my cheek was pressed against the hood. I continued to watch the reflection of us in the window. He pushed his cock into me again and slid his fingers over my asshole. I managed to whimper out little sounds of protests. "No, please. Not in my..." Too late, his finger thrust in and he wiggled it inside me while his cock pumped my stretched pussy. He slid another finger into me and I whimpered more, this time senseless sounds. His hips slammed against me harder and harder. Each time he moved faster. I was dizzy with pleasure. My cunt quivered and a gush of fluid dripped from my pussy. 

He continued his thrusts and then pulled out of me. He repositioned his cock against my ass. There was no way I could take him into me. He pushed against it and little by little his cock embedded deeper into the pucker of my ass until all at once it pushed in. The pain was white hot and shot through my body. He held still for only a moment and then began to thrust so hard into my ass that my whole body was being lifted with each pounding. My bare nipples burned from the friction of being dredged across the shiny finish of the car hood. I watched the reflection in disbelief. He bowed his body backward and threw his head back howling a silent cry into the sky. Fangs burst from his mouth and a glowing red light formed in his eyes. While he brutally fucked my tiny asshole, he leaned forward and bit deeply into my shoulder. I cried out as an orgasm shot instantly through my body. He sucked there for some time. When he finally pulled his mouth away, he licked my shoulder clean. Taking a firmer hold of my hips he slapped his hips against mine. His huge cock jerked in and out of my asshole while his balls slapped against my pussy. All at once his cock spurted hot come into my ass. He thrust several more times and then let it slide out. 

He pulled me up off the hood and untied my hands. He pulled the front of my dress up to cover my breast, but when it fell back down he just smiled and shrugged. After placing a sweet little kiss to my forehead he turned, walked away and disappeared into the fog. 

I began to walk in the direction of home. I was dizzy from the blood loss. I still felt like I was floating in some kind of dream. When I woke up this morning, I realized that it was a far cry from a dream. My aching body and the other evidence he left me with was undeniable. 

Perhaps tonight, I walk past that cemetery again, just to be sure.