 Scott slept soundly in his bed, nestled within the warm, soft comforter. All about the room, light leaped, exposing shadowed corners, yet casting it's own. The sounds of blowing wind filled the room, but then quieted almost as soon as it began. Scott barely stirred during all this commotion.

A milky white hand traveled across the fluffy fabric of the down comforter until it lighted gently on an exposed shoulder. Scott merely murmured in his sleep, shuffled a bit, and pulled the covers up over his head. The hand, unperturbed, reached out and shook the shoulder. Scott woke up, dazed, and looked blearily around him. Then, apparently seeing nothing of interest he let his head fall back onto the pillow.

Almost immediately, his eyes opened wide and he sat bolt upright in the bed. Standing over him in the darkness was the succubus who had called herself Miln. He must still be asleep. As if to confirm this he asked, "Miln?"

"That's right, mister. I'm back. Did you miss me?" she asked.

"Are you actually here?" he asked again.

"Want me to pinch you?" she asked with a smile. "I probably should," she replied before he had a chance to answer. Scott felt a pinch on his shoulder.

"Ow!" he exclaimed, cradling his arm.

"Oh, poor baby," she said, pouting. She rubbed his arm gently where she had pinched it. "All better?" she asked.

"No, it hurts like a mother—" Scott started before Miln cut him off.

"Before we get too deep into civilities, I'd like you to meet someone. This is my friend, Arael," she said, gesturing with a flourish.

Scott at first couldn't see anything in the darkness of the room. He squinted his eyes until he could just barely make out another figure standing in the shadows. The figure moved forward, emerging from the shadows.

As the moonlight caught the figure's body, she saw Scott's mouth literally fall open. Arael was a she-devil. She was curvaceous with perfect light red skin. Two very prominent horns protruded from her luscious jet-black hair and swept back, closely following the contour of her head. She wore a long, flowing red dress made of some unidentifiable material. It moved like silk but looked like leather and hung loosely over her ample breasts. Oh, and then there was the pointy tail.

"Whatd'ya think?" Miln asked at last.

Scott pumped his jaw making an inarticulate sound.

"Yeah, she's pretty wonderful," she said and kissed Scott on the cheek.

Arael ardently crossed the room, her hips swaying in a mesmerizing fashion. She joined Miln at the side of the bed and put her arm around her. Miln nodded at Scott. Arael smiled and bit her lip and slid silkily onto the bed, cuddling up beside him.

Arael pushed him gently down onto the bed and then reached for his crotch. Scott tried to sit up, but she pushed more forcefully on his chest forcing him to lie back. This time she kept her fingers pressed firmly onto him. Once she was satisfied that he wasn't going anywhere, she tore his boxers off with a single move of her hand. Scott's already burgeoning cock spilled out into the open air and she began immediately stroking it. Miln just stood there, a smile wide across her face.

Scott was just starting to enjoy himself when Arael suddenly spoke. It was the first time he had heard her speak and her voice sounded as if three women were fighting to speak simultaneously, intertwined, phasing in and out. It was both unnerving and fascinating at the same time. She said, "You know what might make this a bit more fun?"

"What's that?" Miln asked.

"This!" Arael replied, raising one hand in the air. She then snapped her fingers.

Within a blink of an eye the bed was gone in a puff of pale smoke. The wall, against which the bed had been, now sported a large x-frame. Dim red light, emitted from nowhere, illuminated the cross-like structure and its occupant.

A surprised Scott was fixed upon the cross, bound there by his wrists and ankles, with leather cuffs. He faced outwards, gag in mouth, and he was naked. Miln smiled. This was exactly Arael's style.

Miln went to Scott and put her pale hand on his face, stroking his cheek. She could tell he was freaked out. His eyes flickered wildly around the room. She kissed him gently on the cheek and he closed his eyes, though it was difficult. He was apparently mastering himself. Soon, he calmed and his body relaxed. Arael stood in front of him and reached out with a gloved hand. She traced the outline of his nipple before giving it a firm squeeze. She smiled as Scott inhaled sharply and then stooped in front of him.

She removed her gloves and gave his penis a few stern strokes. She felt Scott stiffen as she did so. She'd never had sex with a human before. This would be her first and she was anxious. This was different than the demons she'd made love to in the past, if you could even call it love. She could feel the lust building inside of her.

Miln thought about her first meeting with Scott and smiled. She had been with Scott twice already. While she had had sexual relations with other men to survive, he was different. He gave himself willingly and unabashedly. She had fallen in love with him, in her own way, and as such felt a pang of guilt syphoning off even the smallest amount of life energy from him.

Arael suckled his abdomen, just above his hard shaft as she continued to pump him. He was shaved and she could taste a trace of shaving lotion on his skin. She could see the man looking down at her even as Miln teased him. Arael licked her sultry dark lips with a long pink tongue to arouse him further.

Miln on the other hand was content to focus her attentions on Scott's hardened nipples, which she tweaked relentlessly. He would inhale swiftly through his nose every single time she did it, which brought her no end of joy. However, there was real fun to be had.

She bent slightly and sucked on his right nipple, running her tongue gently around the tip. Her other hand found its way to his ear and began to slowly tease it, causing him to lay his head back. A smile crept across her face as she watched Arael. She'd known her for a century or so and she looked as beautiful now as the day she'd met her.

Arael licked her lips again and looked at the tip of his penis. He was very hard now and the head stood firm, flared out. Tentatively, she kissed the tip. The man tensed for a moment and sucked in some breath. She stroked his inner thigh with her long, dark nails as she lashed at his member with her long tongue. Finally, she had had enough of this fooling around and it was time to get to business.

Slowly, she pushed her dark lips onto the tip of his penis. As they widened and allowed his hard sex to enter her mouth, she could feel his human heart beat within it. This further enticed her and she let him slip further into her mouth. Soon, his testicles were butted against her chin. She slowly pulled her head back, grasping the base of his cock, slowly withdrawing him from her mouth.

He tasted sweet. It was different than she had imagined. She slowly pushed him into her mouth again, placing her hands on his hips. She could feel his cock swelling, stiffening whenever she took him in. She withdrew him again and then took in the sugared sweetness again. She couldn't believe she was sucking a human's penis. This seemed so taboo. For Miln this was a run of the mill, day-to-day occurrence, but for her this was a treat. And she loved it.

Miln was soon getting bored with toying with Scott's nipples, neck -- hell, the whole upper half of his body. She pouted. Arael was having all the fun. She wanted to play with him. Watching Arael sucking his cock reminded her of why she had brought her along. And, damn, she was sexy. After a moment, a smile stretched across Miln's flaming lips.

Arael was enjoying herself; it was that simple. His cock didn't taste like burnt ash in her mouth and he legitimately seemed to be enjoying it. He had started pumping his hips forward, trying to force his cock even further into her mouth, his tight testicles lightly striking her skin with each thrust. Even with the ball gag in his mouth she could hear him groaning, breathing hard through his nose. She wanted to taste the man's seed. She knew that there was a reason human's didn't have -- relations -- with demons such as herself, but it'd been millennia since anyone had had, what some would call, complications.

Arael began stroking the man's scrotum with her long, dark fingernails. She increased her efforts, taking him in as deeply as she could. He began thrusting his hips even more forcefully. Then, he tensed, and then grunted through the gag. Arael could feel his hot, sweet seed explode into her mouth. She continued to stroke his cock causing him to squirm quite a bit. He then fell back against the cross, breathing heavily.

She looked up at him and then at Miln. She then swallowed the entire load. "Tasty!" she said with a smile. "Why didn't you tell me humans tasted so good?" she asked. 

"Because I had no idea what they'd taste like to you. They taste, well, like guys to me," she said with a shrug. Arael smiled and then slid herself back, making some room for Miln. 

"I guess it's your turn," Arael said, licking her lips. Miln knelt in front of Scott. She frowned looking at the capsiliad cord in her hand. She wished Arael hadn't gotten him off without the cord. It'd take her forever to get him hard again. But, then again, that's what a succubus does.

"See what kind of mess you make when we don't use the cord? Geez," Miln said with exaggerated incredulity. She wound the cord around his testicles and heard him suck in his breath. "No flinching!" she said firmly. He gritted his teeth as he felt the familiar burning sensation of the cord. After a moment the cord seemed to meld into his skin and then disappear, the pain subsiding. "Now we can play without you making a mess," she said with a wicked smile.

Miln frowned. He'd just come and he was already going soft on her. Well, she'd fix that. Miln began by slowly pumping his cock with her hand. At the same time she began lightly licking the end of his penis with her forked tongue. She could taste his salty come on the end of his shaft.

After a few minutes work, he slowly began to harden once again. Either the capsiliad cord was working its magic or she was just that good. Probably a little bit of both, she thought. She looked up at him. His head was resting against the cross and he was already breathing hard. Good, just the way she liked it.

After a moment, Miln felt two warm arms encircling her waist. She looked back to see Arael smiling at her and then up at Scott who was now watching intently. Miln smiled as Arael began slowly unfastening Miln's leather corset, unclasping each fastener in turn. As she did so, Miln's large, milky breasts began to push the material apart. Finally, as she undid the last clasp, her breasts pushed the material wide. Arael whisked the corset away, baring Miln's bare skin. "That feel's SO much better," Miln said, letting out a pent up breath.

Miln placed her lips against the tip of his cock and began to slowly take him in. She could feel him tense as she ran her pale hands across his thighs. She sped her motions and increased her pressure on his cock, taking him in as far as she could. It didn't take long until he was hard as a rock. Her eyes traveled upwards and his eyes connected with hers. She loved it when he watched.

Arael was not content to sit by idly watching. She leaned forward, and kissed Miln softly on the neck. This wasn't the first time she had made love with her, but each time seemed to be as exhilarating as the last. Her hands wandered downward until they came to rest on Miln's ample breasts. Arael pinched her fiery nipples between two of her outstretched fingers and gave both breasts a gentle squeeze. This elicited a moan from Miln, who sped her motions on the man's cock.

Miln could feel Arael's hands probing her naked body, looking for something to do. One hand had wandered from her breast and was travelling slowly down her flat stomach. She knew where it was heading. She looked up at Scott. He had let his head fall back again and he was breathing heavily. He was really enjoying this. A twinge of pleasure shot from her neck as Arael sucked at it.

Arael slowly let one of her hands travel down between Miln's tight pants and her skin. As she brushed the outer lips of Miln's perfect sex, she heard her let suck in a breath and felt Miln tense for a moment. Arael Worked one of her fingers into the folds of the succubus' pussy and began lightly stroking the wetness inside. Miln immediately reacted by letting out a low moan and rocking her hips. Still gripping one of her breasts tightly, Arael gave her nipple another playful squeeze.

Miln thought she was going to come right then and there. Arael had begun playing with her already sensitive sex. She was already aroused just being with Scott. He always did it for her. But having Arael playing with her at the same time was almost too much. She began rocking her hips in time with her sucking motions. It only took Arael a moment to match the rhythm as well.

Miln teetered on the edge. Her mind swam with lust. She could no longer feel the two separate acts. They all felt as one, moving as one. Each time she took him into her mouth, Arael would rub her swollen clit. It felt as if she was fucking Scott herself and the sensation was amazing. Heat radiated outward from her erect nipples as Arael relentlessly teased them.

Suddenly, the molten fire that had been building between her legs was released and pleasure rocked her. She moaned loudly, forcing Scott's cock into her mouth as far as it could possibly go, biting down gently. Scott let out a loud grunt at the same time, but she didn't hear. She rocked her hips with each wave of pleasure, moaning with each one. Arael never let up the pressure and she continued her ministrations throughout her orgasm, prolonging the experience.

At long last, Miln relaxed and fell backwards into Araels arms. Arael grasped her chin gently with slender pink fingers, and turned her face toward her own. They kissed each other passionately for a moment, Miln's hand finding its way to one of Arael's equally perfect breasts. Arael gasped and cooed. They stayed like that for a moment until Miln rose.

Arael pouted as Miln stood up. She'd been enjoying herself. Arael watched as Miln busied herself with removing her leatheresque thong. While Miln's back was turned, Arael began slowly massaging the man's staff. Arael had tasted a human and now she couldn't get enough. She was hungry for Scott now and she had to have him.

As soon as it was off Miln turned back to Scott only to find Arael toying with Scott's cock again, stroking it with her slender fingers. She smiled to herself and relaxed in an office chair, watching as Arael enjoyed herself. She was pumping him furiously, wrapping her lips around the tip of his shaft. Just watching her sent chills down her spine. It was a turn on watching the human she'd fallen in love with getting his cock stroked by her best friend.

As Arael stroked his cock with more and more fervor, Miln began rubbing the lips of her swollen sex in time with Arael's motions. It didn't take long before the fire began building within her. She moved her hand deeper and faster, spreading herself open wide. She absent-mindedly grasped her left breast with her other hand, squeezing it hard, trapping her fiery, red nipple between two of her milky fingers.

She watched Scott through a haze of lust. He was pumping his hips forcefully in perfect time with Arael's quick strokes. Sweat stood out on his brow and he was breathing heavily. He was getting close. Miln could feel it, even from that distance.

Arael was amazed at how much pleasure the man could take. She figured he would have come again already. She knew the capsiliad cord didn't stop the actual orgasm, just the seed. He was pretty impressive in that regard. She wanted to have him, but it wasn't time yet. Miln would get to fuck him first.

Miln continued to tease herself, her finger moving quickly across her swollen sex. She began to lightly rock her hips as she let out a low moan. She saw Arael turn around and look at her, a huge smile on her face. As if to further entice Miln, she wrapped her dark lips around his penis and began to suck his cock, all without breaking eye contact.

This excited Miln even further. Her hips began thrusting forward more forcefully as she edged herself closer. Arael grasped one of her own breasts and gave it a hard squeeze, making a moaning sound.

Miln leaned back. She parted her fiery lips and uttered a breathless moan. Eyes closed she began to visualize Scott on top of her, pumping her with his long, hard shaft. He was rubbing all the right places, squeezing her soft breast, tweaking her sensitive nipples. He leaned in and played with her erect nipple with his hot, wet tongue, circling it slowly.

He lifted her head with one hand, kissing her softly on her red lips. His other hand traveled down between their bodies until she felt it come in contact with her wet, swollen sex. He began to slowly gyrate his finger, stimulating her clit while he continued thrusting into her. She began to lurch forward with each thrust, her climax building.

Scott nibbled at her sensitive ear, causing ripples and sparks of pleasure to race down her neck to join the growing warmth in her bosom. She gyrated her hips as he plunged into her relentlessly, never stopping. His fingers moved faster, causing her to moan uncontrollably. Her body jerked almost spastically every time he thrust into her. Tingles of pleasure were beginning to form around her mound. She was breathing in a rasp.

She snapped back to reality as she came hard, lurching forward in the chair. Her body shook with the force of her orgasm and she nearly screamed as each wave of pleasure struck her. It was a short lived one, but incredibly intense. She nearly fell from chair as the last of her orgasm rocked her body.

She looked across the room at Scott, who was watching her intently. Arael was sucking his cock at a fast pace, stroking him at the same time with two of her fingers. Suddenly he tensed and grunted loudly through the gag in his mouth then collapsed back onto the cross, breathing hard. "He's all yours," Arael said with a smile.

Miln stood, reached her hand out and helped Arael stand. Miln stood face to face with Scott and ran her milky hand down his chest. It had a fine layer of sweat covering it and even more stood out on his brow. She reached up behind Scott's head and unfastened the gag. "I don't think we're going to need this any longer," she said.

"You two are crazy," were the first words out of Scott, as soon as the gag was removed.

Miln smiled and turned to Arael. "I think someone wants me to put the gag back on," she said.

Scott quickly replied, "You two are crazy, BUT," and here Scott paused. "I like it," he continued with a sheepish smile.

Miln smiled to herself. She knew he liked it. What was there not to like? Basically, two voluptuous women were throwing themselves at him. But that's why she loved him; he didn't just go with it. He had an opinion. Not that she ever listened to his opinion, though he was spot on this time: they were crazy.

"I'm glad you like it," she said, gingerly pushing his head back onto the cross. "Now, shut up." She moved herself in closer, wrapping one of her legs around his. She kissed him passionately, with her fiery lips, wrapping her arms around his neck.

As she kissed him, she let one of her hands wander, running across his skin. She toyed with his ear, nipples, and ran her fingers up his spine, but they didn't hold her interest for long. Eventually her hand found its way to his swollen shaft. She began lightly stroking him, still locked in the kiss.
