 Molly Chapter 1

Tue Jan 18, 2011 09:29

Molly's love

Ok, so maybe he was more of a crush than a real boyfriend, but we were good friends. I was the geeky goth chick, and he was the honor role track star-pretty much out of my league.

Still, he hung out with me, and would stick up for me in school, which dragged him down a bit, but made my life a lot better. He would ask me about this girl or that girl, and I even helped him ask one out by finding out what movie she wanted to see. But he never noticed that I liked him.

OK, so you have no background on my life and I am dumping all this on you. We live on an Island near Seattle, and there are only about 100 kids in the high school. There can't be more than a few thousand people on the whole island. People are always moving here and moving away, but the population doesn't change much. The Island doesn't change much, it is boring. Oh, and I'm the only goth...

I have black hair (it would be brown if I didn't dye it), and green eyes. I wear a lot of black, but dresses and skirts, not the leather, tough girl look. I'm kinda short, 5'3" but I have big boobs (C cup). I have a bit more hips than I'd like, but I guess it balances, basically I'm short and curvy.

Eric was my next door neighbor, granted, we didn't live on a standard street, so there was 100 yards or so between our houses. From visiting him, I knew his room was the only one that faced mine, and starting when I was 13 I would undress with my curtains open, right in front of the window. I would imagine him watching me strip, and then get into my bed and satisfy myself.

Eric? Sandy blonde hair, 6 foot or so, lean but strong, handsome face that reminded me of Dolph Lundgren. Kinda clueless about girls, but what do you expect from someone who spent half his time running through the woods on the island, and the other half with his nose in a book. Wanted to be a lawyer, so he was reading law and legal texts when he wasn't working on school stuff.

Anyway, back to the real story. The senior class was going on a camping trip, soon most of us would leave the island for college and never see each other again, so it was a "last chance to hook up," thing. I knew at least one of the girls would trip Eric and land under him... He was sweet, but tended to be easy for girls to boss around-as if he didn't have enough going for him already. Of course every time a girl got in his pants he had to tell me all about it, like I wanted to hear. All the moaning about "I like her, but I'm not ready to get married and have a family."

I was invited as an afterthought, probably at Eric's insistence, and so all of us were hanging out at a Beach House Jenny's Dad owned and rented out to tourists. As I arrived loud music was blaring, splashing was coming from the pool out back, and someone had scored two kegs, which were being served to all us 18 year olds (yeah, illegal, sorry). No one was tipsy yet, and none of the couples had gone upstairs yet, when she walked in. 

As luck would have it, she was dressed like a cop-well, a guy's fantasy of a cop anyway. Blue "Uniform," shirt tied instead of buttoned, matching skirt that was at least 6 inches above her knees, and boots that almost reached the skirt. She flashed a badge and asked "Who brought the alcohol?"

Well, no one could tell (in that outfit) if she was a real cop or a stripper or what, but she had an air of authority. Then Jake moved between her and the kegs, I don't know if he thought he could protect them or what. He said "I did ma'am."

So she went up to him and kissed him, a real, passionate kiss, and I think we all moved her firmly into the "stripper," column. He literally bent at the knees and went down from the kiss; he had this really silly smile. I'd never seen someone get kissed like that before. Judy, his girlfriend, got really mad. I think it was understandable, after all, it may only have been a kiss, but it wasn't what you would do with another girl's guy. So she goes storming up, and this woman kisses her too-and the same thing happens. So she looks around the room, at all the guys, and then walks to the staircase. Even I couldn't miss the fact that she didn't have panties on under that short skirt as she went upstairs, but just in case anyone missed it, she flips the back of her skirt up just and twirls around just before she goes around the corner, showing off a landing strip of hair...

It didn't take long for about 5 of the guys, all single, to rush upstairs. The party was hushed, but everyone was talking about the strange woman and what she had done. Jake and Judy were no help, they were awake, but both just smiled and mumbled when asked about anything. About when folks started to get curious, we started hearing pounding from upstairs, and her voice clearly moaning "Yes, oh yes, harder, faster..." Two minutes later she came downstairs alone.

Then she looked at five or six of the other guys, one at a time, real intent like, and walked back upstairs again. Did I mention her top was untied and her boobs were pointing straight out? It was weird, they were unnatural, but not like plastic surgery boobs, they still looked natural, they just didn't sag like mine or any of the girls in gym with me. And I mean, we are young girls, so we didn't sag much anyway. They just ignored gravity, and they were almost as big as mine, a large B cup at least.

Another quick stampede, all the guys she had looked at. Three girls whose boyfriends had gone upstairs gathered to complain, although one of them did say "Well, if she is just a stripper, I guess I can forgive him-he'd better have roses and jewelry though!"

Thing was, she kept coming downstairs, and guys went up with her-and none of them came back down! Eric was in the last group of guys who was still downstairs, with 4 guys who were getting a lot of attention from their girlfriends. I went up to him and said "Eric, none of those guys are coming back, why?"

He gets this funny look in his face, the one he always gets when he is about to talk to me like I'm a younger sister, and says "When a guy has a good time, we generally want to go to sleep. I guess she is just wearing them all out." I didn't get a chance to say more, because she came down for the final time that night, and soon the last four girlfriends were abandoned. There were only 10 girls left by that time, most of the rest had stormed off already. I spoke up-probably for the first time all year.

"We should go upstairs and see what is going on up there!"

Sabrina turned from where she was comforting Heather and said "Most of us already know what is going on up there, that skank-ho is ...ing every guy in our class."

I pressed on, "But what if she is doing something to them? I mean, look at how she made them all come with her, like..." I paused, not wanted to make myself sound even crazier.

"Like magic," she finished for me, scorn dripping from her words. "Listen weirdo, you may believe in that crap, but normal people don't."

"Just shut up!" I shouted at her, and turned to cry. I didn't know what the retort would be, but nothing came.

"Um, Molly?" Someone-Heather-asked...

"Yes?" I turned around, blotting at my running mascara.

"What did you do to her?" Heather asked, pointing at Sabrina, who was now staring at me with fear in her eyes.

"Nothing, what do you mean?"

"I don't think she can talk..."

That scared me, I mean, you are not supposed to use magic for ill, and whatever you do comes back threefold. "I'm so sorry Sabrina, um, you can talk now, I undo it, goddess help me..."

I'm not sure exactly what I did, but something worked. She looked at me with wonder, "How did you?"

"I have no clue, but something weird is going on here."At that, I knew I had to go upstairs. "I'm going to go look, who is with me?" Everyone's hands went up, I wasn't sure if that was because of fear of me, fear of being alone, or curiousity. "Heather, could you stay here and look after Jake and Judy?" She looked a little scared, but nodded.

My first vision was of the woman on the bed, with several guys passed out around her. Eric was between her legs, pumping, and another guy-Tony, was getting a blowjob from her. She had her hands on the dicks of the other two guys who were standing. As we walked in, she just smiled at us . I shivered, there was something predatory in that smile.

Now of course, you are not smart in situations like this, my first words proved it, "What are you doing?"

I don't know what she did, but suddenly Tony moaned and collapsed. She opened her mouth and showed all of us a puddle of white on her tongue, then swallowed visibly. "I am Fucking all the guys, what does it look like I'm doing?"

"Why?" I asked.

"It feels good, and I enjoy it," she answered.

"Slut!" Sabrina hissed, and started towards the woman, but whoever she was, she just stared at Sabrina, and suddenly Sabrina was kissing her on the mouth, probably tasting Tony's stuff too-Yuck! Then Sabrina reached under her skirt, pulled her panties down, and squatted over the strange woman, as the other woman ate her out.

"Stop!" I complained, and suddenly everyone froze. I looked around in awe, what had happened? Was this all a dream? I was so scared, I hoped it was. Sorry if I sound confusing, but this was confusing to me, real life doesn't always give you easy emotions, you know?

After a minute the strange woman shook herself, smiled, and looked at me, "What is your name pet?"

"Molly," I didn't have a reason not to answer, "What is yours?"

"Shebeth," she replied, then stuck her tongue deep in Sabrina's Vagina.

"What are you?" I asked, wondering if she was a witch like me.

Shebeth pushed Sabrina off of her, and pulled herself off Eric, standing to look at me strangely. The guys seemed to wake up, realizing they were no longer getting sexed, they looked at me and Shebeth like a dog whose bowl has just been taken away, stupid and longing. I realized the other girls had fled, leaving only me and a frightened Sabrina. Frightened? Well, she was panting, and staring at Shebeth...

Crap, what the hell was going on?

"I am a suc-QUEB-bi, a taker of men-and women, if they are the right sort..."

"What do you mean?"

She looked at the pile of bodies around her, and the three guys panting in lust for her, "Isn't it obvious, men love me, and I love men, and these are now mine."

I looked at Eric, and I could see she was right, it was in her eyes.

I ran from the room, sobbing in grief.

I don't know exactly how I got home, but I realized I needed to compose myself before I went inside, compose myself and figure out how to get help. No one would believe my story, even I didn't believe it, I kept expecting to wake up and discover that it was a bad dream.

Mom was waiting up for me, but just to make sure I wasn't raped or something, she trusted me even if she didn't trust my peers. She saw the look on my face though, "Honey, what happened?"

"You wouldn't believe me, no one will believe me..." I said.

"Hush, who did it, what did he do to you? Oh, my poor baby."

"Huh? MOM! No one did anything to me, it's Eric, and the rest of the boys, this woman came in, and got them all upstairs, and had sex with them all."

Now Eric might have been clueless enough to not know I liked him, but my mom knew better. "Oh honey, I'm so sorry. An older woman can have a lot of power with a young man, especially if she is willing to have sex while you and your peers aren't. But she probably will leave, and you won't ever see her again. You just need to forgive Eric, he was thinking with his dick, not his brain..."

"Well, this is what you won't believe, but..." I paused, "I think she is some sort of demon, and I did magic."

"Honey, you are upset, you probably got a little confused, why don't you go to bed and when you wake up tomorrow it will be all better."

Well, maybe she was right, there wasn't anything I could do tonight anyway. I went to bed and slept fitfully. The next morning my parents went to church (we had an uneasy peace about my Wiccan beliefs and their Christian ones), and once they were gone I pulled out my books.

I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do, but it seemed like magic worked for me now, and I didn't want to do anything without meaning to, at least not again. I quickly realized that while a lot of things in these books are labeled "spells," a lot of them are more ceremonies, with no actual intent. I finally found a prayer to the goddess that called some sort of spirit to guide you-well, guidance was certainly what I needed.

After putting the four elements around my pentagram, I called out the incantation, focusing on the wisdom I sought. I couldn't get that woman out of my mind though, the Succubi, who was she, what did she want? As I finished the ceremony, I saw the water in the bowl to my West shiver, then start to dance. If formed into a sort of water snake, and slithered towards my window. Entranced, I opened the window (forgetting that the pentagram was my safety), and it slithered out. I ran downstairs and caught it just as it slipped into the ocean by my house. 

Of course it was at this instant that I realized I was skyclad (nude to those of you who aren't wiccan), outside, in the middle of the day, on Sunday. Well, no houses nearby, hopefully no one would notice, and my parents wouldn't get home soon. 

I was distracted from those thoughts by the appearance of a much larger ripple in the water. A female form grew from the ripples, and I met Silkie. "You summoned me Human?"

"Um, yeah, I need wisdom." I stammered.

She looked at me oddly, like she was looking through me, or into me. Then she laughed, "Yes, child, you do, but you have some, enough to know what you lack."

I wasn't sure what to say to this, so I kept my mouth shut-probably the only wisdom I have ever absorbed is not to speak if you don't know what to say.

"But the calling you sent was not for wisdom, nor for guidance, though you sought that as well, you have questions, and I have the answers."

She stepped onto the shore, like a wave breaking over the rocks, and sat on a log we kept on the beach for that purpose. I noticed a tendril of water connecting her to the sea, and stepped carefully over it to sit next to her. I realized that my worries about the Succubi had fouled the spell, but perhaps that was what I wanted anyway. "Tell me about the Succubi."

Again that laugh, like a winter stream melting ice, "THE Suc-queb-bi, the one you met, she is a descendant of Sappho, the protector, called traitor by her kind. Sappho fell in love with a human, a woman, and sought peace between the humans and the race they had created. Your friend Shebeth was on the Island of Lesbos when the Suc-queb-bi were banished to Venus. Most of those on the island accepted the banishment, but who knows how long they have suffered, or if their thoughts have changed."

Molly interrupted, "The race they created?"

"Oh yes, the first Suc-queb-bi were created by a human mage, he sought a bedmate and ally, and found one too great for his liking-to great for him to control. While they are artificial, they can reproduce, with the help of humans. They do not age, so every Suc-queb-bi who was alive at the time of the banishment still lives-unless some have killed others. Now that the curtain is torn, my kind have awoken, and your kind can again do magic. My kind remembers the old days, and we dreamed during the time of no magic, when all magical power was siphoned into the curtain. I can tell you of the isle of Lesbos, and of the Amazons Sappho trained to protect humanity from the Suc-Queb-bi who only sought to rule. They slew queen Lilith you know, buying your kind the time to create the curtain."

"Why do you keep talking about Lesbians and Sapphic stuff and Amazons? Those were just legends, men ran everything back then..."

"Child," she laughed, "Yes, men ran everything for most of history, but when men turned weak, only women could stand for the race. Do you not wonder why every story of powerful women in history came from one small area, from one period of time? Look up the history of the Spartans, who had homosexual sex and kept slaves to their desires, the only male culture that could stand against the armies of Lilith and her slave Xerxes. 300 men who could not be tempted, against an army of slaves ruled by their dicks. They fell, but bought time for other Grecian cultures, and they bought time for a small force of Amazons to behead the Persian empire. Without Lilith, Xerxes fell in battle, and his empire returned to human control. Without the Persian threat, your kind's mages came together in one place, and wove the great spell."

"This is all too much for me," Molly complained, "I just need to know what to do, how to save my friends, my boy-my best friend..."

"One on one, a human mage is a match for a Suc-queb-bi, especially a female mage. That said, you would do well to end your innocence before you face her, it will not protect you-it will give her power over you. Realize that she controls her thralls utterly, any of them would happily die for her, but that her magics are mostly fire and clouding of the mind. If your will is strong, and you know magics she cannot counter, you should beat her easily."

"My innocence?" Molly asked, suddenly realizing she had been staring at the water-woman's breasts.

The being looked into her eyes, "Go ahead, touch them." Cautiously Molly did so, finding a skin that felt firm, like her own skin, but was somehow wet as well. "Kiss me."

Molly started, "If I kiss you, I drown." She accused.

The creature smiled, "True, you have passed the test, I am Silkie, or at least, that is a name humans can pronounce for me. There is a kiss I can give you that will not drown you, lean back..."

Molly found herself moving backwards in alarm as the creature loomed over her, but suddenly she felt a wet touch between her legs. 

Silkie's mouth was on her vagina, and an impossibly long tongue was exploring her insides. Silkie's nose and one finger teased Molly's clit, and another hand stroked up and down her body. For the first time in her life, Molly had a climax from something other than her own fingers. It seemed like hours flew by, as the creature caused one explosion of pleasure after another inside her body, touching and kissing her everywhere-everywhere but her mouth. Then it was over.

Silkie was standing in the water, staring sadly at Molly, "Your waters are sweet, and I have given you time, but you will need the touch of a man before you face Shebeth." With that the water collapsed into the ocean, Silkie was gone.

Chapter 2

Molly hurried back into the house, and into her clothing, finishing just before her parents pulled into the driveway. She tried to relax, and joined her family for a quiet lunch, but the water spirit's words kept coming back to her, "You will need the touch of a man before you face Shebeth." The problem was that Shebeth already had the only man she wanted, and anyway, how could she just ask a guy for sex? In a town like this, if she did everyone would know she was a slut before a week was out.

Her mom was looking at her, so Molly forced a smile. "Honey, I know you are still thinking about what happened with Eric, why don't you go into town and shop?" With that her mom pulled a few bills out of her wallet, and pushed them across the table to Molly. Molly counted the money quickly, $60? A trip to Birmingham to shop with enough money for a nice outfit? Molly wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.

"Thanks mom!" Molly gushed, giving her mom a quick kiss then running for the ferry. Luckily their home was only a half mile from the dock, so she was quickly there, just as the ferry arrived. She waited for the cars and people to file off, then paid her fare and walked upstairs.
