 I'm declaring a contest of my own... of sorts. If you go to my author's page, I have submitted the first chapter of 3 stories on the same day (10/30/15). I will write and post the next chapter of the highest rated story every week or two (or maybe three) until all the stories are done. 

These should all be pretty short stories, around 3-4 chapters. If there is one or more stories that aren't well received (less than 4.25 rating), I will post a summary and ending to them, so that those readers who liked that story aren't left wondering what happens next.

If you really like this or the other stories and want to read more, please vote 5-stars, so that I know and will keep it going. If you hate it and want to save others from the pain you've felt, I'm giving you the power to make it stop. I also enjoy reading your comments, so feel free to tell me what you thought of the story, or what's on your mind. 

Thanks for reading!

*****

Stuck in the moment

"Mr. Anderson!.." My professor's voice roused me from my daydreams. "Do you have an answer for the problem?" 

The entire class turned to look at me. I could feel their eyes on me, but maintained eye contact with my professor. I looked to the whiteboard, hoping for a reprieve, but could make no sense of the equations on the board. 

"I... I'm sorry." I said with all the confidence I could muster. "I don't." 

Professor Hill's eyes narrowed in contempt, and watched me for two heartbeats longer before he continued, asking if anyone else had an answer. Several hands shot up, and I felt a mix of anger and shame for the exchange. He called on a pretty redhead behind me, who answered correctly. 

Dr. Hill praised her by name. "Thank you Miss..." Looking at his clipboard. "Molly McGuiness. Lovely name." He said with a fake Irish Brogue.

As the professor excused the class, and everyone stood to gather their things, Dr. Hill came over to stand at my desk. 

"If you think you're going to make it in Engineering, you are going to have to learn to focus. This program is a lot of hard work, and if you're already zoning out two semesters in, maybe it's not for you." He said gently, and with a surprising amount of sincerity in his voice. It just made me feel worse. 

"I'm sorry, I had a rough night last night." I lied. "You didn't catch me at my best." That part was true. 

"If you are serious about this class and your major, you're going to have to start bringing your best every day." Dr. Hill replied, and turned away before I could come up with a response. 

I slung my bag over my shoulder and walked out, sure that the entire class had heard a second round of my chastisement at the hands of our Calculus professor. I pulled up the hood on my sweatshirt as I walked out into the cold sunny air of a February afternoon, lost in my thoughts once again. 

I had an hour break before my next class, so I decided to head for the cafeteria in the student center, and lose myself in a giant burrito and game of Tetris on my phone. My eyes were on the sidewalk when I heard a car motor revving way too high for the slow on campus speed limit. 

I looked up just in time to see an old muscle car flying through a stop sign towards a bus. The motor continued revving higher, even as the brakes squealed. The car must have been doing at least 50, and my heart jumped into my throat as I braced for the impact that the car would have with the bus. 

And then, the world was still. The car froze in time, a few feet from T-boning into the bus. Students and spectators stood frozen in horrified stares. In the sky above, a pair of pigeons were frozen in flight, hanging still in the air like a child's mobile. 

The air was perfectly still, and held neither warmth nor cold. There were no scents in the air, nor did anything move. The only sound was my own breath and heartbeat. My ears began ringing with the sudden silence.

"Not again." I said under my breath. I hadn't walked through a frozen moment like this in years, and only once since I had sworn to never do it again. I had long since tired of walking through these stopped-time moments, testing everything. Instinctively, I reached for the switch inside my head. To re-start time, and watch the accident play out, come what may. 

I paused, seeing the terrified mask of the middle aged man behind the wheel of the out of control car. I walked closer, and saw him standing on the brake with both feet, obviously not trying to cause the accident a moment away. His throttle cable must have been stuck in the 'on' position, and he was unable to stop the engine. I saw that he had no seatbelt on, and the classic muscle car was old enough to have no airbags. His speedometer said he was doing 51 MPH. For me to re-start time would mean this man's death. 

I looked for a way to stop the crash, but I had waited too long to freeze time. A 2000lb car going 51 MPH simply can't stop in the 4 feet it had before it impacted the bus. 

I opened his door, and tried to lift him out of the driver's seat. Everything was harder when time was frozen. The air was thick, and moving through it was like swimming through a substance between water and air. I managed to get his feet off the pedal and onto the asphalt outside the car. His hands were stuck to the steering wheel in a death grip, which I loosened one finger at a time.

I half-carried and half drug the man out of the car, looking for a place to put him. I knew from past experience that his momentum would be conserved, and setting him on a patch of grass would be dangerous for him and anyone else in his path. He would be a man-sized projectile going 51 MPH. 

On the other side of the bus, there was a car that had been moving when I froze time. The difference on the two speedometers was about 25 MPH, but the direction matched up. I carried the man a block from the doomed muscle car to the other sedan, placed him in the passenger seat, buckled him up and closed the door.

Next, I pushed the door of the bus open. I counted 15 people on board, including the bus driver. Most were turned in their seats, looking at the car about to impact their bus. I almost turned and left them. They were on a big bus, surely they would survive with only minor injuries, right? None wore seat belts, I worried how hard the car would impact them, whether or not they would all be okay. 

I had promised myself a normal life, free from this kind of interference. These people were not my responsibility, at least they shouldn't be... I could move them away, like I had moved the man in the car. This was quickly turning from a little intervention into a major magical production.

My eyes caught on a little bundle wrapped in a baby Bjorn around a woman's chest. I approached and saw the little baby, fragile and delicate with a little pink knitted hat on. There was no way she was going to escape unharmed. Grocery bags sat on the seat next to them, and the mother didn't appear to be a student. I couldn't let them get hurt, not when I had the power to help them.

One at a time, I pulled the people off the bus. It had been turning, and was only going 10 MPH, so I left them sitting on a grassy area near the site of the impending accident, except for the mother and baby, who I laid down on a bench, their groceries at the mother's feet. 

I inspected the area one last time, taking the muscle car out of gear, so that the motor would not continue pushing the tires once it impacted.

I returned to my spot, and looked for my starting point. I had forgotten to mark it. I crossed the street from where I had started, and began looking for security cameras, finding several. I stood in a spot where none could have seen me, and reached for the switch inside my head once again. My muscles were sore, and I was sweating under my black hood as I touched the switch. 

The world starting up again hit me in a rush of noise, wind and cold. I watched as the car slammed into the bus, the hood sliding underneath, and flipping the bus onto its side. Down the street, the sedan with a new passenger stopped with a screech, and I could see the added man moving, so he at least hadn't been hurt.

I moved my gaze to the bus passengers, who had all fallen, and then shakily rose to their feet, except for the mother, who sat up on the bench, grocery bags spilling their contents at her feet. I watched for a few minutes, counting as they rose and brushed themselves off. They all appeared to be unharmed, though in shock from the sudden turn of events. 

The engine of the muscle car screamed louder and louder, surely past redline, until it exploded underneath the flipped bus. Combined gas tanks from both vehicles caught fire in an inferno which quickly engulfed both. If anyone had remained inside, they would be dying right now. Luckily, I had gotten them all out. All 16 people from the bus, as well as the driver of the car were approaching the blaze, touching themselves and each other, eyes and mouths wide in astonishment. I felt my earlier doubt slipping away. I was right to evacuate the bus.

I scanned the scene. Several heroes were running for fire extinguishers or trying to get close enough to the bus to call for survivors. Others simply stood staring and watching. Across the street, I saw green eyes below red hair focused only on me. I recognized the woman - Molly, the pretty redhead from the class I had just left. Despite the pandemonium in front of her, she stared straight at me, ignoring the fiery wreckage.

I adjusted the straps on my backpack, and turned, walking briskly for the student center. I looked over my shoulder once and saw no one following me. By now sirens were filling the air, and I was the only person walking away from the accident. Then I saw her. Head down, red hair moving against the flow of people in the same direction as me. 

I moved through the student center to the cafeteria, ordering my food, dodging questions when the food service workers were asking what was happening just a few blocks away. "I think there was a car accident." I finally offered.

I took my food out to a glassed in patio where I could see parts of the action outside though the windows. By now the fire department was on-scene and firemen were frantically hooking their hoses up to a hydrant, and I watched as they began spraying down the fire. I felt a sense of satisfaction, at having used my power for good for once, though I had broken my promise again. I had used it, despite the risks.

My vigil was interrupted by Molly sliding into the seat across from me, straight red hair falling perfectly around her face and spilling onto her dark green sweater. 

"Crazy stuff, huh?" She said. "It's Travis, right?"

"Yeah." I replied, hoping that I was imagining her watching me from across the street.

"Do you mind if I join you for lunch?" She asked, pulling a brown paper bag out of her backpack.

"Actually..." I started, trying to think of an excuse. Her eyes burned into me, and I knew I was caught. I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of an explanation, so I continued "I need to do some reading. You're welcome to sit, but I may not be very good company."

She was silent for a moment before she said: "Not a big fan of accidents and explosions, or did you just not care to stick around and make sure everyone was alright?" 

I looked up from my textbook that I had just opened, and met her gaze. "You left too." I said simply.

"I did." She said with too much enthusiasm. "See I was following this boy from my class that seemed to be having a hard day, what with his professor picking on him and all. All of the sudden there is a fiery accident, and a dozen people teleport from out of nowhere. In that moment, the guy I'm trying to catch up to teleports across the street. He was the only person who didn't seem surprised or concerned about being teleported, which makes me curious..."

"Why were you following me from class?" I asked.

"You just teleport across the street, and a dozen people apparate out of nowhere, while a car and bus burst into flame, and you want to know why I was following you? Seriously?" Molly asked me.

I just nodded my head.

"You seemed like you were having a tough time in calculus. I was going to suggest we start a study group." She answered more calmly. There was honesty in that statement, but something in her stare told me that wasn't the whole story. 

"Yeah, that would probably be a big help." I said, honest that I could use some help on my calculus work, and thinking the old adage about keeping friends close and enemies closer. Brushing Molly off at this point would probably not end well for me, especially if she decided to start publically putting a spotlight on me for what I had just done. 

"We're in intro to chem together too." She said. "We could study for that at the same time."

I looked at her. The chemistry class we apparently shared was huge, with probably 200 students. I hadn't seen her in it, but apparently she had seen me. I was flattered that she recognized and remembered me. 

"That sounds good. I've got a pretty good handle on that class at the moment, but it would be good to stay on top of it." I said. "What times would work for you?"

Molly smiled. Straight perfect teeth, in an open-mouthed grin. She had been pretty before, but her smile lit up her whole face, until she shone with radiant beauty. She reminded me of the redheaded vampire from the TV show True Blood, but only in appearance. Her personality was warm and confident. I felt a fluttering in the pit of my stomach as she answered.

"I have time Tuesday and Thursday nights after 6. Do you want to meet me in the library maybe 3rd floor near the elevators?" 

"That should work for me." I replied, my voice catching as I came back down to earth, realizing I was staring. "Do you want my phone number or email?" 

Molly pulled out her phone and said "Nope, you're in the campus directory. Travis Anderson, right?" She showed me my contact information and I nodded. "And I'm Molly McGuiness" 

We sat in uncomfortable silence for a while, watching as more emergency vehicles showed up, and eating the food in front of us. I couldn't focus on reading anything, so I closed the book and split my attention between the food and accident. When I looked to Molly, I saw her studying me. 

"You're really not going to tell me how you did it?" She asked when our eyes met.

I didn't want to lie to her, but I had never shared my secret with anyone, not even my parents. 

"I'm going to cross my fingers and say a prayer that everyone is okay, then I'm going to try to focus on my next class, since I've had a problem with that today, and try to forget what I saw out there. I'd suggest you do the same."

Molly raised one eyebrow and took a long sip of something out of a plastic bottle. "So you don't deny that you did something. You just won't tell me what?"

"Not exactly first date material." I told her, before I thought that statement through clearly.

Molly's smile returned. "So this is a date, huh? I thought our first date might have had a little better food and a slightly fewer first responders." She said, looking out the window where a second truck had joined the first in extinguishing the wreckage of the bus. Several firemen in full protective gear were climbing on top of the bus, staring down through the windows.

"No, I just meant that you're asking some pretty personal questions of a complete stranger." I said.

Molly looked down, a small flash of embarrassment fell across her face. "So maybe you'll tell me on the second date?" She looked back up, a mischievous smile lighting up her face. 

I had to laugh at that. "Let's just see how the study group goes first."

We made small talk for another 15 minutes before I left her to walk to my next class. The police had put up yellow tape, which blocked off my usual route to class, so I took the long way around several buildings. Once around, I could see the police taking statements from the people who I had pulled out of the bus, and witnesses. I kept walking.

Class was cancelled. The campus was closed to all cars while the police wrapped up their investigation and the wreckage was hauled away. There was a note on the classroom door, and an email followed. I walked to the library to try and study for a few hours before walking home to my dorm. I was worried the whole way, I had used my powers for something big. People noticed, and worst of all, I had been caught.

When I got home, my two roommates were glued to the TV, following the news of the 'miracle on campus.' 

Jumpy, grainy footage of the accident, was being played on a loop. At the upper right corner of the screen, 15 people suddenly appeared at the moment of impact, and fell on the grass. The woman with the baby appeared on the park bench in a different angle. I had gotten lucky to not have been captured disappearing or re-appearing on any of the footage being played. Only Molly seemed to have noticed my movements.

I joined them in the dorm cafeteria for dinner. The two of them couldn't stop talking about the accident. They tried to pull me in several times, but I was not interested. I left for my small single room as the other guys watched more TV, and lost myself looking at news on the internet, wanting time to absorb what I had done alone, not having to react in front of my roommates. 

Lee came by after a while and asked if I was okay. 

"I'm fine. I've just been having trouble focusing in my classes." I responded. 

Lee was a sophomore in the same mechanical engineering program that I was in. He had stayed in the dorms a second year, and had requested the small apartment dorms with personal living space. Caleb and I were freshmen and had lucked into the living arrangement. There was a communal living space shared by all three of us, as well as a bathroom.

"I did pretty well in all of those classes, and I can share my old notes with you if you need help. You should also look into trying to get into a study group with some of your classmates. That way if you're missing something, hopefully they can fill in the holes." He offered.

"That reminds me, I have a study group set up with a classmate tomorrow at 6. I should be back late." I said.

"Just one person? A study group should have more than just the two of you in it, unless it's a girl..." Lee smiled when I looked up at that. "You sly dog. Is she the reason you're having trouble focusing?"

"Nah, I just met her today." I said honestly. 

"Well, maybe you need to find a second study group for academics if this one turns out to be more of a distraction from studying?" 

I punched him in the arm. "We'll see. I don't think it's like that." I said.

Lee left the room shaking his head and laughing. "That's what they all say. I'd bet money she's into you, though." The last words came from the communal room as he joined Caleb on the couch.

I sat back in my chair, thinking about my distractions. I was recently single. Sarah and I had broken up over winter break. It was a mutual decision, but I had gone from almost daily sex to no sex at all. My hands had covered the physical urges, but my mind kept flashing over the stuff I was missing. The touch of a woman, the way her lips taste, her smell. I felt my libido rise, and I locked the door to take care of business.

I wasn't the type of guy to jump into bed with a woman just for sex, and I wasn't looking for a relationship. When I had finished, I closed my eyes and lay down, letting the post-climax lethargy carry me into sleep.

I was woken up once around 9 PM by my parents, calling to ask if I had heard about the campus 'miracle.' I told them that I had heard and we talked for several minutes before I begged off and fell back asleep. I was exhausted from my exertion of lifting and moving 17 people through the thick unmoving air, and mentally exhausted from the worry about my future. 
