 This Story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2017 by Yshomatsu

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this story or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. The following is meant for Adults only, if you are under the age of 18 leave now. This story has elements of NonHuman, Erotic Horror, and Mind Control. If any of that bothers you then turn back now. If not, enjoy.

*

Lightning shot up into the dark sky with a loud bang and an orange blur yelped in surprise. The bolt had been aimed right at Bree before she inadvertently deflected it. The ball of energy she had been forming saved her life. The impact, however, still sent the kitsune flying backward.

She landed in a field of tall grass, sliding another few feet.

The sky above—that had been clear moments ago—filled with dark, dense clouds. Bree groaned when she stood up; her joints ached as if acid had been poured into them. Even her five fluffy tails ached fiercely. The dark and angry air began to rumble. Sparks lit the gas clusters from within, echoing like roaring beasts.

Her long, brunette hair blew back wildly as she peered out at the valley. She stared, squinting, unable to spot her assailant. The tall grass snapped at her naked body like whips as the violent wind swirled around her. Bree had ceased wearing clothing after the orange and black striped fur had sprouted over her entire body. Just like a fully grown tiger, clothing became unnecessary.

Bree's bright orange eyes opened wide as three large bolts exploded toward her with a thunderous roar so loud it shook the earth. Her pointed ears folded forward and rang painfully, yet she couldn't move. Fear took hold of her heart and squeezed.

The lightning came at her faster than she would have reacted even if she could move. Nothing could save her now.

The world blurred as the bolts struck. The impact would have incinerated Bree had she still been standing there. Her ears throbbed as she swallowed back bile. It felt like she had been yanked back by soft, delicate hands.

"I got you babe," said a soft feminine voice that Bree could barely hear over the ringing in her ears. The world had blurred because Amber swooped in to save her at the last possible second. The white succubus stepped around the kitsune, holding her up by her shoulders.

The pale redhead came into view, but Bree's gaze remained blurred. Amber's right hand slowly came up from her shoulder. The light caress tickled and sent a shiver up her spine as the succubus' hand traveled up her neck and finally grasped the back of her head. Her dazed mind focused on those soft fingers caressing her skin.

Bree stood there unresponsive as Amber's lips turned up into a grin filled with mischief. Their lips met and Bree felt a surge of lustful embarrassment. Shocked and turned on at the same time, her knees suddenly felt weak and buckled. The succubus kept her from falling as she melted into the woman's embrace.

The kiss lingered for but a moment before Amber pulled back and winked. The succubus' white wings opened and flapped down once. Bree watched as she flew away and back toward battle. The dizziness returned and the kitsune's legs gave out as she collapsed down onto the grass.

It wouldn't take her long to recover but she let out a sigh and relaxed. The lustful energy—transferred by a simple kiss—rejuvenated her body with one side effect. She kept picturing herself doing naughty things to her sexy companion. The thoughts gave her a rush of embarrassment. The angry sky no longer mattered to her. She just wanted to take a nap. Her eyelids weighed too much to stay open so she let them close.

The dizziness faded almost as soon as she shut her eyes. Although she could have stayed there and fallen asleep she knew she needed to get up.

Rather than standing straight up, the kitsune lifted her upper body to a seated position and peered out over the surrounding tall grass. She saw the white form of Amber soaring through the air dodging bolts of lightning.

The two of them had traveled to the valley in search of a Raiju. They followed rumors of a monster-girl with signature traits of a weasel. They found her all right. The weasel-woman greeted them with blasts of lightning and hadn't stopped since. There had been no greeting or warning. The kitsune and succubus were forever marked traitors among their kind—for good reason.

Bree crept low and charged off as silent as a cat with her padded hands and feet. She stalked around in a large arc, planning on flanking the Raiju woman. Blades of grass whipped her, stinging her face. Her mind wandered to the tingling sensation that began with Amber's kiss.

Why did she kiss me?

Those soft lips had consumed her world for a brief moment and she couldn't stop thinking about them.

It didn't help when she finally spotted the Raiju. The woman had long, flowing purple hair with fluffy ears just like Bree's. She wore a long, tight black dress that barely contained her curves.

But none of that gave Bree pause. It was the way the woman appeared to create her bolts of lightning. She had one hand buried between her legs with the other hand pointed toward Amber.

Bree couldn't believe her eyes...the woman was pleasuring herself while fighting. The kitsune could feel her own juices trickle down her inner thighs. A series of sensual images popped into her mind, and she caught herself before her hand could reach her aching pussy lips.

The world truly did change when Meridiana had been unleashed upon it. Bree remembered her old life. Back when sexual encounters were rare—and private. Now, however, they were an everyday occurrence.

The kitsune struggled to reel in her thoughts and focus on battle. But the Raiju looked incredibly sexy masturbating as electrical currents ran through her body to form deadly rays of lightning.

Amber swooped in low under a bright bolt. The succubus closed in on her target quickly as Bree watched from the sidelines. Amber made contact and a pop echoed throughout the valley. At the same moment a brighter flash of light exploded between the two women.

Bree heard her companion scream out in pain and then silence. Even the sky above ceased its growling thunder.

By the time Bree could see again she realized the Raiju still stood there. Amber, on the other hand, lay in the grass at the woman's feet. Her pale white skin appeared black and smoking. One outstretched wing had a serious-looking hole in the thin membrane.

Bree reacted, charging on all fours before leaping. The Raiju turned toward her with wide, purple eyes, but not soon enough.

The kitsune's sharp incisors dug deep into the woman's jugular. An electric aftershock entered Bree's body in response. However, without the Raiju fueling the current, it did nothing but leave Bree dazed. She felt the woman's life drain as she savored the taste of fresh, warm blood. In her old life, the thought of blood would have made her nauseous.

A wave of weak electrical shocks hit her before the Raiju went limp. The kitsune pushed the corpse away as she fell down to her knees next to Amber. The electrical charge surged through her body and concentrated between her legs. Blood slowly dripped down her chin as her arousal heated up again.

All of Meridiana's creations were sexual in nature but the encounters were all unique. Amber and Bree worked alongside humans to fight the corruption spread by the now-banished demoness. The two women worked well together because they weren't easily drawn to each other. A fact that many of the so-called Monster-girls used against their foes. Mixed-sex groups were easily turned against each other.

Bree's body felt sexually charged as her heart rate sped up. The intense tingling her in loins tripled. The kiss flashed back into her mind as she watched Amber's chest rise with each shallow breath. Earlier it looked like Amber had been burned badly, however, Bree could now see she had been more singed than burned. Black spots littered her body. Yet the extent of the damage didn't look bad—only the one wing with a hole in it.

Bree took a deep breath and inhaled air thick in pheromones she recognized. She couldn't remember a time Amber wasn't aroused. Yet the woman had never willingly used her pheromones on the kitsune before. She felt it cloud her mind, pushing back rational thoughts.

Many months ago Bree had attempted a rescue mission into the large obsidian tower. That had been the first and last time Amber had used her pheromones on her. The succubus had been sexually tortured and turned on Bree the moment the kitsune freed her.

Bree remembered the powerful orgasms that day. Her body craved more. Amber let out a soft moan as if she had read Bree's mind. The sly smirk on the succubus' lips went unnoticed by Bree.

The kitsune inched closer on her knees. Unconsciously getting closer to the pheromone's source. Amber's legs opened slightly and the scent got thicker. Bree stifled back a moan as she took another deep breath. Only she hadn't stifled it back.

She leaned in—mere inches from Amber's glistening nether lips—and inhaled deeply. A shiver ran up her spine as Amber's thighs opened just a little more. Bree licked her suddenly dry lips. The kitsune's body wanted her to close the distance and lap up the glistening nectar. A part of her mind did as well...but another part didn't.

Her body began to shake as she fought herself and held back. With each deep breath the ability to think diminished.

Just a little lick couldn't hurt.

She leaned closer, opening her mouth when...a hand stopped her. Confused Bree looked up to see Amber smiling.

"Thank you," the white succubus whispered. The kitsune looked up, leaning into the hand on her forehead. Amber had a pleasant, content look on her face.

The fog in Bree's mind cleared as she watched the scorch marks on Amber's body fade away. She knew her succubus friend thrived on sexual energy. However, the binding spell had given her complete control of her thirsts. She had taken just enough fuel to heal herself without pushing Bree past her comfort zone.

Their intimate encounter halted when a large black bird swooped down between them, angling its head. Suddenly the taste of blood became apparent to Bree. She wiped her chin. The heat of embarrassment caused her to look down. Amber slowly leaned up onto an elbow, and unclasped the small container on the bird's leg. A small piece of paper unrolled within the succubus' fingers.

Before she had a chance to read it the kitsune gasped.

"Athanatos is using the obsidian tower as a base of operations and requests our presence?" The kitsune said with confusion edged on her voice. "Why would he risk that?"

Amber quickly focused on the unrolled scroll. "Doesn't sound good—or like him at all."

"Sounds like a trap."

"Let's go spring the trap then," Amber said with a smirk, feeling more like herself.

*************************

The age of Dragon's has come again.

The wind howled at the roof of the world. Cloud cover blocked the view of the ground. The pointed tips of the mountains poked out through the fluffy, white gas clusters. Atop one of those peaks a man stood looking out at the world. Powerful gusts of wind threatened to send him plummeting to his death.

Carefully the man with long golden hair and wild flowing robes handled a crate, filled with a cluster of eggs. Each of the six eggs was a different color. Yshomatsu had been given the eggs by an extremely powerful presence, one he couldn't comprehend. He was tasked with the sacred duty to raise them once they hatched.

Dragons were believed to be myths created to scare little children. Ysho hadn't believed they existed. Until that fortunate moment when he stumbled upon the last living dragon's lair. The magnificent animal had been in hibernation for more than a hundred years, its body had turned to marvelous smooth marble.

He had been in the company of a beautiful woman named Bree. Before they met she had been a barmaid. Meeting him had been both a curse and a blessing. She had unknowingly stumbled into the path of a red-skinned succubus during an attempt to enter their world. The experience had morphed Bree's body into something called a kitsune, a fox-human hybrid. At first her new body had been completely controlled by the red-skinned abomination from another plane of existence.

Yet as her body gained more power she had been able to break free and regain consciousness of her own mind. By the time she had gained five tails she had enough willpower to help Yshomatsu escape his own mind prison from the succubus. Without her he would never have been able to free himself.

With bright green eyes he studied the eggs. So much had changed in the short amount of time since he had the unfortunate meeting with the red-skinned woman, Meridiana. The brown egg kept his attention longest. It reminded him of Dragus, the last mighty dragon, or rather, an angel. When the extremely powerful presence entered his mind, Ysho learned the truth. Dragons were in fact a type of angel. Sent down to his world long ago when demonic beings ruled. They had freed mankind from slavery. And how did mankind repay them? By hunting and killing them to extinction, that's how....

Carefully he turned the egg over, admiring its scaled outer shell. Guilt filled his heart as he returned the egg to the crate he had built. During their battle to defeat Meridiana he had proved too weak-willed. She had regained temporary control of him. He woke to find Dragus bleeding to death next to him. Ysho had inflicted the mortal wounds. Dragus' last words were imploring the monk to flee, knowing his presence would only cause more harm. That's how he had come into possession of the eggs. Dragus implanted an image into Ysho's mind, a location hidden within the world: the golden gates to the dragon's home world.

So there Yshomatsu sat, high up in the mountains, with a crate of eggs. The fate of his friends was unknown. He looked out at the vast horizon. Beautiful mountain peaks stretched toward the heavens all around him. Many were still covered in blankets of pure white snow. Nothing grew this high up. The lack of oxygen made it quite impossible.

In deep thought he simply stared out at the world. He had to find a safe place to raise the eggs once they hatched. He couldn't return to his home on the far west edge of the known world. Dragons needed space and—more importantly—food. His hidden home beneath the desert just wouldn't do. Not to mention the location had been compromised when Meridiana tricked him into summoning her. Like a fool he truly had believed it to be the only way to banish her from his mind. That, however, was a story for another time.

Yshomatsu had no way of knowing how safe he was. The most persistent thought on his mind was his friends failing to defeat Meridiana. If they had failed then it meant the red-skinned woman would be hunting him. He tried not to think of their horrible end if that fear proved to be more than simply a nightmare.

The southern jungles would provide cover and ample food. Yet they also sheltered the Horadric Legion, a nation of men who proved to be no better than cannon fodder for the red-skinned demon. Dragus had hibernated there in a cave. A cave! The mountains were home to many caves. There wouldn't be a lot of cover for the dragons but the sky's clouds would suffice. It didn't have to be a permanent residence.

Yshomatsu stood up and stretched before closing his eyes in concentration. His body began to grow. He had a unique set of skills that set him apart from his brothers, skills and power that had been given to him more than a hundred years ago by none other than Dragus himself. Although Yshomatsu hadn't known that then. For years he thought his powers were demonic in nature. Now though it all made sense. He gained immortality and the ability to self-heal wounds. More recently he learned the power of shapeshifting. Another wave of guilt washed over him as he thought of Dragus.

He would never forgive himself even though he knew it hadn't been his fault. He owed the mighty being so much. Swearing to protect the young dragons until they left his care would only be a start at repaying him.

Pale white skin shifted to crimson. Ironically reminding him of Meridiana before more noticeable changes took place. Before long his limbs extended and bulked up forcing him down onto all fours. Scales formed into strong armor as he continued to grow three times larger than he had been. The act came naturally for him now as painful bumps formed on his back. Bones grew from those spots until the pain numbed to a dull ache and wings spread out.

He stretched once again but this time with a long neck. The crimson dragon yawned, revealing rows of razor sharp teeth. Delicately he gripped the crate with his forearm's talons. The large leathery wings opened against the high altitude's powerful air currents. His heavy body lifted slightly but he still had to flap strongly to rise up into the air. His new eyes scanned the landscape with amazing clarity, able to zoom in at will. The cold air felt great against his scaled hide.

Cloud cover shifted in the wind as the landscape below came alive with colors and movements he couldn't have possibly seen before. All kinds of species scurried around the mountainside, large and small. The rocky details revealed countless cracks along their rough surfaces. He could even see where things began to grow. High up among the peaks small roots attempted to sprout in the high altitude. Many feet lower shrubberies grew among the rocks. And further down the tree lines began, along with most of the wildlife he could see scurrying around. He could see every detail, all the way to individual hairs on an elk's back. It never ceased to amaze him.

For two hours he coasted along the thermal air currents searching for a place suitable enough for the eggs. Movement caught his eyes as they zoomed in on the spot unconsciously. A large ram bolted for cover. No doubt smelling the large predator soaring above. Ysho's stomach growled and before he could even decide, the meal appeared, appetizing. His long, forked tongue flicked out before his large wings folded inward, holding the crate close to his chest.

The crimson mass of solid muscle plummeted from the sky so fast the air screamed around him. The sound startled the already spooked ram but it had already been too late. The massive wings unfolded forcing Ysho's body up as his hind legs reached out and snatched the ram, talons slicing deep into flesh.

Mere seconds later the corpse dropped with a splat. Those hind legs landed as he carefully placed the crate down before attending to his meal. The loud crunch of bones snapping echoed throughout the mountains.

******

A month later Yshomatsu slept curled up around the six eggs. He had spent most of his time as a dragon. Thinking it would be best to get comfortable in the form before attempting to raise six young whelps. He had also memorized his surroundings. Many different animals lived among the trees and valleys. Large eagles nested among the cliffs. They were the only true threat the young whelps would face until they grew. The large predators would become the prey once the dragons outweighed them. Just the thought made his mouth water. Staying in this form required more meat than he normally ate.

Nightmares haunted his dreams every night. The kind where he swore he could feel Meridiana searching for him. Eyes rapidly moved beneath closed lids until an echo startled him awake. Green, slitted eyes scanned the darkness for movement, but nothing stirred. His nerves were on edge, believing his hideout to have been discovered. The echo shocked him again only this time he found its source.
