 We fell asleep an hour after the sun came up.

When I woke up it was almost dinner time on Saturday. I felt like I had been dreaming. The memory was fuzzy, but I could still hear her voice. That one word. Yes. The warm feeling of satisfaction returned.

I took a breath. My body was still warm, like there was a piece of the sun glowing from the center of my being.

Nothing had ever felt like this.

Nothing had ever felt so good.

I laid back and savored the feeling for moment. It was so strange and wonderful. I felt like I was radiating some kind of energy, like I was made of magic.

My phone rang, it was my dad.

The picture of him I had on my phone popped up and I just kind of stared at it.

Suddenly, I pictured him naked.

I don't know what happened exactly, but I imagined him sitting on the couch, naked. It was like I was standing in front of him, naked too.

It seemed so real. I stared into his eyes, the lustful look on his face as he looked at his naked daughter standing in front of him.

His shoulders were so broad. His hands were so big. In my imagination, and being twenty-six years older than me, he looked surprisingly good.

The phone continued to ring in my hand, but I didn't care.

I closed my eyes and imagined his cock, thick with a broad head.

It was erect, standing proudly, throbbing in anticipation.

I wanted it.

The phone stopped ringing and it broke me free of my thoughts.

What the fuck? 

I shook my head. I couldn't believe what had just happened.

The phone rang again. I looked at the screen, dad's smiling face again.

What the fuck was that?

Maybe it was just left over magic. God, I was so horny. You would have thought the activities from the night before would have worn me out, left me exhausted, at the very least sated. But no. I was crazy horny.

"Hello?" I looked around myself on the bed. Olivia was already gone. Probably downstairs, I thought.

"Hey," my dad's voice was alive and loud, "you sound like you're just getting up."

I pulled the sheets back and swept my legs over the edge of the bed to sit up.

I heard dishes clanking downstairs.

Looking around, I saw the white circle and the box with the wooden toy.

"Um," I said thoughtlessly as I looked down at my swollen quim, still pink from the evening's activities. "Uh, yeah, no. I mean, we were up late." I picked up the wine bottle and tilted it back to swallow the last few drops. My mouth was so dry. The wine splashed across my tongue, the flavor of smoke and purple.

"What time do you want me to pick you up?" My dad's voice was in my ear.

I imagined him behind me, his naked skin pressed against mine.

I took a breath. Oh my god, what was wrong with me? It was like I couldn't stop myself.

I leaned down and picked up my underwear. "An hour?" I looked at the clock again, just to double-check myself.

"Alright, see you in a few. We'll eat dinner in town. Pick wherever you want."

I hung up and slipped my legs into my underwear. I looked down at the symbols that covered my arms. Most of the ink had faded or had been smeared into smoky blotches.

I stretched. Everything kind of ached, but I almost didn't care because I could still feel the magic from last night. I thought of the voice, her voice. Who was she? Where was she?

I walked over to the white circle. The air around it seemed to smell different. I took a deep breath and held it. What was it? It was so different than anything else. It was like it was almost metallic but somehow not metallic at all, like something close but mixed with...what?

It seemed impossible to figure and then it was gone, or I had become used to it.

I stood and closed my eyes. I listened. I wanted to hear her voice again. It was so sweet, so strange. It was like she had been right there, somewhere, watching.

I focused on the sounds outside of myself, outside of the room, the house. It was like I was searching my own head for the voice I had heard.

I listened but there was nothing.

The box sat on the floor, the lid open, the phallus with intricate markings was still against the red fabric lining.

Everything that had happened felt like a dream.

I ran a finger across my pubis. I was so hot, so turned on.

I stepped into the circle.

Immediately, the smell returned. It was like I had stepped through some kind of invisible doorway.

The dildo was at my feet.

I listened and heard Olivia still banging around in the kitchen.

Could I?

My body wanted it.

All I wanted to do was pick it up.

I thought of the way it had felt the night before, the warmth, almost like it was alive.

I wanted to bend over, pick it up, and slide the hard shape into my waiting darkness.

I spread my legs.

The warmth inside me grew, radiating out from center of my being. I was somehow still connected to the magic of the night before, or maybe it was just left-over energy. I felt like I could orgasm any second.

And it was all I wanted.

"Abi?" Olivia must have heard me moving. "Are you awake?"

I took a breath and looked around. It was so strange, it was like I was coming to, like I was waking up from a dream within a dream. Had my dad really called? Why was I so turned on, so horny? It was crazy.

I stepped out of the circle and the smell was replaced with Olivia's bedroom, a mix of floral lotions and the wax from the candles we had burned the night before.

"I'm getting dressed." I leaned over and grabbed my bra. Pushing my arms through the holes, I looked down at my breasts. I thought of how Olivia had made hers bigger. They had been wonderful, but the magic we had used last night had taken them away.

It was all so weird and somehow wonderful, but strange too. I moved the bra over my breasts. What would I do if I had such power? 

Walking downstairs, I found Olivia in her bra and underwear cleaning up the kitchen. She looked at me and her eyes got big. "Look at this! Look at this!" She picked up her phone and ran toward me.

I stared at the little screen. Hey, I just wanted to see what you were up to tonight. 

Then Olivia's response: Tonight? Nothing. Why?

I've just been thinking about you. Like a lot. Why don't you come over?

I moved the screen and found Olivia's response. A big smile with a thumbs-up emoji.

"I can't believe it." Olivia took the phone back and read the messages again.

"It worked," I said.

"Fuck yeah it did." We laughed.

Now it was even more real. The magic Olivia had woven around us last night had done exactly what she had wanted -- we had cast a love spell on Katie. Apparently, a fast-acting one.

Olivia set the phone down. "Did I hear your phone ring?" She turned back to the coffee maker.

"It was my dad," I caught myself staring at the shape of Olivia's ass in the little, lace boy-shorts she was wearing. I remembered the way her pussy had devoured her end of the dildo, the way her hips had pressed it further into me and how I had returned the favor.

The warmth spread through me again, but I tried to shake it off. "He's coming to pick me up in an hour." I took the steaming mug of coffee Olivia offered me.

"We had better get a shower then," she ran her eyes over me, "we can wash off the runes and bindings." Her gaze stopped somewhere around my navel. "Among other things."

"Oh my god, are you as horny as I am?" I slipped my arms around her and kissed her lips.

She pressed her body against mine as we kissed, her thigh slipped between my own. "It's the magic," she whispered as I nibbled on her earlobe. "They call it an after glow." She lifted her thigh and pressed it into my quim until I moaned.

"Come on," I turned and sprinted up the stairs.

In the bathroom, I stripped off my clothes and started the water. Olivia stripped and wrapped her arms around me from behind. I felt her breasts press into my back as her hands slid over my naked belly.

The yearning and desire overcame me. I turned and spread Olivia's lips with my tongue. We scrambled under the warm water and I pulled the curtain closed.

Olivia's heart thumped as fast as mine. She felt glorious. We straddled each other's thighs as we caressed and kissed under the hot water.

I slid my hand down the inside of Olivia's thigh. I could feel the warmth of her sex.

"Oh, yes. Abi. Don't stop." Olivia buried her head in my neck.

I found her slit and began to slowly explore her with my fingers. She gasped when I spread her lips.

Everything felt electric. A mix of heady sexual desire and the left-over glow of the magic from the night before.

I touched her clit and Olivia shifted her hips until two fingers slipped into her wet darkness.

Every muscle in her body went taut as I pressed my fingers deep into her.

She ground against me and I ran my thumb over her erect clit.

The skin was hot and hard. I pinched at it and watched as her eyes rolled back in her head and she moaned into my kisses.

Then I felt her hand at the entrance to my pussy.

Urgent fingers spread me and found my aching place.

I spread my legs and welcomed her intrusion.

Olivia arched her fingers upward and we both ground our hips against each other's fingers.

I sucked her nipple between my teeth. My orgasm exploded behind my eyes.

Olivia's hips jerked, and her cunt squeezed my fingers seconds later.

I leaned back against the shower wall.

We held each other, our bodies tangled, our fingers hidden inside of each other until our bodies recovered.

Then we washed and rinsed and talked about the night before. We were both so unbelievably excited.

***

"What was the voice we heard last night?" We were back in Olivia's bedroom getting dressed. I looked down at the dildo lying in the little box. I couldn't help it. I had too many questions.

She looked away. "You're sure you heard a voice?" She slipped a black t-shirt over her head and pulled her hair out of the collar.

"You didn't?" I wasn't sure I believed her.

"No," Olivia said, "are you sure you did? What did she say?"

"It was so weird. I mean, it was like I heard this female voice encouraging us, like she was watching, like she was a part of what happened last night."

"It must have been a spirit, had to be."

"But who, what kind, from where?"

Olivia looked at me a little embarrassed. "Abi, I'm sorry, I have no idea." She said. "I mean, I don't really understand everything that happened last night."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I have been working on translations and trying to figure out stuff that is way over my head. I mean, it's over everyone's head." She pointed to the books and notes around us. "Except the lady at the bookstore." She said. "That lady seemed to understand magic way better than anyone I have ever met."

"Where was the bookstore you went to?"

I heard my dad's car outside.

"I'll text you," Olivia said as I gave her a hug.

"Thanks for last night," I gave her a quick kiss on the lips.

"Thank you," she chuckled.

I ran out to the car and did my best not to make eye contact with dad. I went around the car and sat in the back seat, passenger's side.

"Hey, kitten. How was your sleepover?" Dad asked as we pulled away.

"I'm not ten anymore," I rolled my eyes.

"Yeah, probably not casting love spells and making potions like you used to either, huh?" He sounded like he missed the younger me. The one that hung on his every word, laughed at every joke. The more attentive me.

I looked up and caught his eye in the rearview and, just like I had when I was ten or eleven and he was picking me up or dropping me off at Olivia's, I stuck my tongue out and made a face.

He laughed, and I tried to forget the thoughts I had had earlier.

"Dinner?"

"Tacos," I said.

"Perfect. To Miguel's!" He laughed and pointed at the horizon like we were cowboys about to ride off into the sunset.

I thought about the night before. The notes and books Olivia had strewn around the room. How we had somehow tripped over a magic spell that actually worked.

"What do you think of magic?" I asked. I don't know why. The question just kind of tumbled out.

"The same thing I have always thought about it. It would be amazing if it was real, but it's not, and it never will be. If there ever was real magic," he looked at me in the rearview, "and maybe there was. But it's gone now. Probably forever."

He looked back at the road and I looked out the window. I wanted to tell him it was real. That if I wanted to, I could cast a spell that would bind him to me, the way Olivia had bound Katie.

As the world went by in gentle blur, I wondered about the magic itself. How did it work? Why did it work? What were the spirits Olivia had talked about? Were they the spirits of the dead like we tried to conjure when we had seances?

"Why do you ask?" Dad looked in the mirror with furrowed eyebrows.

"Cause, you know, Olivia still believes in it."

"Just like her mom," Dad chuckled.

"It's strange. They really believe, like it's real to them." I looked back out the window. We were getting close to the restaurant. God, I was so tired.

"Faith, it's a strange thing," dad said.

"Yeah, it is."

After dinner, dad and I went back to his house. He asked if I wanted to watch a movie and I said no. He gave me a kiss on the forehead and I wandered off to my bedroom where I sat back on the bed and my bed and immediately began scouring the internet for anything and everything that had anything to do with magic.

My phone chirped, and I picked it up to find a picture of Olivia and Katie lying in bed. Katie's bedhead was almost comical but they both looked exhausted.

I stared at Olivia's lips and the hunger began again.

Picking up my laptop again, I did my best to focus on the search. But then I didn't really know what I was even searching for, did I?

My search terms up until that point had consisted of: sex magic, spirits in magic, how does magic work?

A couple hours passed, and I heard the sound of ice falling into a glass downstairs. Dad was getting a cocktail, probably whisky.

A few minutes later I heard his feet on the stairs. He walked by my room. The ice in his glass tinkled. I heard the bathroom door creek open and then creek closed. Then the familiar sound of the shower coming to life.

And I knew he was taking off his clothes.

I put the computer down on the bed beside me. The warmth returned immediately. I swear it was like an addiction. I suddenly had to have an orgasm.

I looked down at the space between my legs and wondered what it would be like to have a cock, a fat dick between my legs. Then I would be able to penetrate, I would be able to dig into a person, be inside of them.

I wondered what if felt like to have the addition, to hold it, stroke it, stick it into someone.

The idea thrilled me.

I thought of what mine would look like. I would want a fat one. I loved to be stretched.

I thought I heard dad moan.

I slipped out of bed as quietly as I could. Was that dad? Or was it my imagination?

It had been such a strange sound, so obviously sexual. I suddenly pictured my dad jerking off.

Speaking of fat cocks. I grinned, and my heart started to beat faster.

Sneaking down the hall like a cat, I tiptoed toward the bathroom.

The door wasn't all the way closed.

I felt the magic coursing through me like I had the night before, not as strong, but there, a part of me, like it was mixed in with my blood.

I stepped close to the door frame and heard my dad breathing. It was deep and slow. I bit my lip and stepped closer to the edge.

He was standing in the shower, facing away from the door. The curtain was only almost closed. I saw the back of his legs, the brown curly hair along his thighs. They were thick and strong.

I moved closer and saw the curve of his naked ass. The water ran down the muscles of his back and then over his ass.

I could see why mom had picked him. He was a stud. I watched the muscles of his ass tense and relax. There was a rhythm to it.

I moved closer and saw all of him. One hand braced on the wall, the shower running down his neck and back. His legs were slightly spread, and I could tell his other hand was working his dick.

My fingers went straight to my pussy. I moved my underwear aside and slipped a finger between my nether lips.

I was so wet.

I watched dad's arm move up and down and wished I had a better view. But the view I had was enough.

Two fingers spread my little pussy and I began to slowly plunge them in and out. I was hypnotized by what I was watching.

Dad turned a little and I finally got a glimpse of the cucumber of a cock my father was stroking. I couldn't take my eyes off it, the length and thickness, it looked huge.

I wondered what he was thinking of. I wondered if it was me. Was he imagining me, naked, bent over the kitchen table perhaps, taking his long strokes?

Then dad growled. It sounded like it came from the center of his chest. His ass tightened like sculpted marble. His back muscles rippled and a stream of white cum splattered against the shower tile.

My own orgasm began to shiver through me. And I must have made a sound because dad began to turn, and I ran for my life.

I slipped under the covers and laid as still as I could. What had I been thinking? What was going on with me. It was so strange. I mean, I was aware of what I had just done. I was aware of how wrong it was, but I didn't care. All I wanted was the feeling ecstasy brought with it. It was mind-bending pleasure and a sense of power.

I heard the showers stop and then the curtain pulled back. I heard dad moving around but it didn't sound like he was hurried or worried. He left the bathroom and went to his room. I had a feeling he hadn't heard me at all. I had just gotten scared and run away.

Pulling my laptop out again, I continued my search. Not only did I have all of these strange, urgent desires. I also had a need to understand what had happened last night -- only because I wanted more.

Sex magic in ancient Egypt. I clicked the link and found a hideously outdated website with a lime green background and a bubbly white font.

I scanned the words.

Sex magic is a means to an end. The path from desire to realization. The mobilization of sexual energy to generate a desired result.

Well, it was the first site that didn't sound like complete nonsense. I scanned further down the page.

Take your objective or desire and create a Telos. It sometimes helps to imbue an object with binding runes and burn your desire into the object.

I wondered if this was where Olivia had started. I thought of the dildo that had united us the night before. I kept reading.

Then ask for the spirits to bless your request.

The spirits. There it was again.

I scanned the rest of the page looking for more information on the spirits.

Unite the mind and body, focus on your Telos, and beseech the spirits.

What spirits? Who were they and where were they? Is that the voice I heard?

I read the rest of the page and then the next but there was nothing else about the spirits.

The back key took me back to the next, useless choice.

I looked up the bookstore Olivia had told me about. It was in a strip mall about twenty minutes outside of town. The picture online made it look like just about any other used bookstore in a low rent strip mall.

I clicked back to the search results.

A couple of forum posts led me to scraps and pieces of information that seemed like they might be true. I read about blood rituals that involved love magic. Someone said that they used a candle as a dildo to contain their energy and then burned it during a spell's recitation. But those posts didn't even have the fancy names for the things they were using. It seemed like more trial and error and weird ideas.
