 There has always been little or nothing Dulcinea "Sugar" Garcia loves more than having her pussy eaten by a man with an agile tongue, especially if this was followed by the same man or another or several more fucking her in the same place. Believing in keeping this kind of activity in the family, she often enjoyed having her Uncle Ernesto do these highly pleasurable things with her.

It was rumored among Sugar's relatives that this particular uncle was a practitioner of the dark arts, in other words, a wizard, but Sugar had her doubts about that. She had no doubt whatsoever that he was highly skilled in the carnal arts, because he brought her to repeated orgasms every time they got together, but she saw nothing particularly mysterious about that. He was the most skilled of her many lovers but, to her mind, that was a matter of patience and talent and skill he had cultivated, rather than any kind of magic.

When her uncle died, Sugar was saddened, by the loss of a beloved relative and one of her favorite sex partners, and she was also shocked to learn his age. Her uncle had been over 100 years old on the date of his death, and had actually been a great-great-uncle, rather than the sibling of one of her parents. Sugar had never given much thought to his age, but would have considered his virility and the bit of grey in his beard and full head of black hair and guessed him to be about 50 years old.

A few months after his death, Sugar received a letter from his lawyer informing her this same uncle had left her a house and the surrounding land in a rural area north of town. Upon getting this news, she decided to look over her new property, and so it was that one warm Saturday morning she got a map of the roads in the county and drove to the location.

The house was small, but well-made, and Sugar wondered what she would do with it. She could live there, but it was a very long commute to the advertising agency where she worked, and she would worry about being so isolated from any neighbors. It could be used as some kind of weekend retreat, possibly as a place to bring lovers, but that seemed rather unnecessary. She already had a comfortable apartment where she entertained her army of friends with benefits, besides going to their places sometimes. She would be highly reluctant to sell the property, because it was the last connection she had with her favorite and horniest uncle, and the idea of just accepting money in exchange for such a loved memento left her cold.

Besides the house, there was also a small barn or shed, and Sugar went to look at that structure next. She didn't know the purpose of the building, because it was too small to be a storage place for farm equipment, and the property had, apparently, never been used as a farm anyhow. If she were living in the house, she would park her automobile there, but it was big for a garage, with space enough for four vehicles. As she walked through the large barn door into the main room of the mysterious outbuilding, Sugar thought she smelled hay and other odors she could not identify.

"Hello, my Little Sweet as Sugar," a voice spoke to her.

It sounded almost like her uncle, except the voice was deeper, but she knew it couldn't possibly be he. At the same time, that had been a pet name he always liked to call her, especially while they were fucking or she was sucking his big, hard cock, and no other person she could remember had ever called her that.

"Uncle Ernie?" she asked, looking toward the source of the mysterious greeting.

"Yes, My Little One. It's your uncle." And into the main room shambled a large, gray elephant.

Sugar stared at the creature. She had seen them in zoos and once in a circus, and this one seemed larger than those had been, but even a small elephant would have looked big, especially since it was standing just a few feet away as this one was. Thoughts competed in her mind to see which of them would be expressed first, and the winner was the most obvious query.

"How can you be Uncle Ernie? I went to your funeral and saw you in a coffin, and it was you. How can you be here now, and how can you possibly be an elephant?"

"Well, My Little One, as you may have heard, or may know, I was a wizard in life and, when I knew I was dying, I arranged for my soul to be transported to a new body. I didn't know it would be one like this, but I can do nothing to alter that now. I'm an elephant, and I'll be an elephant until this body also dies, but that probably won't be for about sixty more years."

She stepped forward and patted the gray trunk, which responded by gently wrapping itself around her arm. She had always heard elephants were docile and not at all dangerous, and that certainly seemed to be the case with the one who claimed he used to be her uncle. Or still was; she was having problems wrapping her mind around the situation. However, there was one thing Sugar couldn't help thinking about.

"We used to have a lot of fun together, Uncle Ernie. But how can we do that now? You were hung pretty good as a human being; as an elephant, my pussy couldn't even come close to taking what you must have."

"Don't fear, My Little One. I am still a wizard, you know, so I was able to make a few changes to my equipment. Let's go out into the sunlight, and you can see what I mean."

Getting more curious by the second, Sugar walked back out into the sunlight, followed closely by the large gray animal. She stopped and turned and he was still there. Uncle Ernie, and she was still having a hard time thinking of him by that name, reared up on his hind legs and placed his huge front feet on her shoulders, but very gently. 

"Look between my hind legs and you'll see what I mean," he advised her.

Sugar did look, and saw what he meant. She had never before seen the cock of an elephant, not even a soft one, but found it hard to believe it resembled the "equipment" her uncle had mentioned. In fact, it looked almost like his used to, and was already semi-erect and pointing at her. The rigid organ might have been slightly larger than what her uncle had in life, but she was sure she could get it buried deeply in her pussy, especially since she was getting wet just from the thought.

"I see what you mean, Uncle Ernie. It's big, like it always was, but not too big for me to take."

"I'm glad, but there's something I want to do first. You always had the most delectable pussy of my wide experience, and I have probably missed eating you out more than I have missed anything else."

"I've missed it too. But wouldn't your, er, trunk be too much in the way?

"Never fear, Little One. Where there's a will, there's a way. Just take off your clothing and lie down on the grass here."

Without a moment's hesitation, Sugar pulled down her blue jeans and bikini panties, peeled off her blouse and bra and lay on her back on the soft grass near the door to the large building. Until then, she hadn't realized how much she missed her uncles cock and tongue and sweet disposition. She didn't know exactly what he had in mind, but she did expect to really relish whatever he might want to do.

He expected to like it too, maybe even more than Sugar. Ernesto had always lusted for the delectable aroma of his niece's pussy and, with the incredible sense of smell of an elephant, he expected it to be even more intoxicating. When she was ready, he stepped up to straddle her lush body, placed the tip of his trunk between her voluptuous breasts and started to breathe deeply of her heavenly natural fragrance.

Although Sugar had seen elephants occasionally, until that day she had never seen the tip of the trunk of one of them. At the end was a single large nostril with which her Uncle Ernie was smelling her body. Attached to the tip was a thick flap of muscle which apparently could protect that orifice by keeping out water or bugs or any other unwanted things. The nostril was wide open then, and she quickly learned what else it could do.

Ernesto already knew, and had been looking forward to using the technique on his niece ever since his death and reincarnation. He traced the soft, flexible inner surface of the muscle flap across his niece's lush breasts, fondling both nipples in turn. She cooed happily and her body started to squirm in response.

"Mmmm, that feels good," she murmured. It had been a long time since she had felt her uncle's tongue licking those sensitive places, and Sugar wanted this new thrill to continue.

It did, but got even better for both of them. While caressing Sugar's luscious orbs with the tip of his trunk, her uncle twisted the versatile organ into a new shape and began to use it to suck on one of her breasts. The precious nubbins had already been firm but, under the new ministrations, they became so erect Ernesto could feel the individual ridges. From the new sensation, her body was writhing on the soft grass and Sugar was moaning in bliss.

But she knew exactly what she really wanted. "Oh, Uncle Ernie! Eat my pussy," she begged him.

That was his intention too. Also encouraged by the delectable fragrance of the trickles from his niece, his trunk sniffed and nuzzled its way down her sexy body until it reached the place where the freshet was flowing. The muscular flap once again proved its versatility by wiping off all the fresh juices, starting with what was on her thighs, so he could convey it to his mouth and ingest the product of his niece's pussy, the first opportunity to do so since days before his death. It was even more delicious than he remembered.

After devouring all the nectar he could find, Ernesto put the covering of his trunk to work again. To Sugar, it felt like a broad flat tongue, and he was using it as one. First, he slowly explored upward on one of her outer pussy lips until he reached her Mount of Venus. He would have liked to kiss her there, but that was beyond his capabilities, at least then. Even without that nicety, his sweet niece's hot body was thrashing about on the grass, and he was having some problems keeping the desired contact between his trunk and her pussy. Sugar saw this and partially took care of the problem by holding to what was then her uncle's primary sex organ until he had moved it to the next place he wanted to apply its unique qualities.

That was her other outer lip, and he pampered her there the same as he had the first one. Sugar's movements became even more frantic as the soft, smooth flap of muscle petted her, so she held once again to Uncle Ernie's trunk to keep contact with the sensitive place he was stroking her. Once again, he continued upward until he reached his niece's mons.

Knowing there was a great wealth of fresh stuff that had gushed from his pretty niece's pussy, Ernesto brought his trunk back down to below the wet pink hole that was its source. He used the flexibility of the nostril cover again to scoop up most of the delectable fluid and transfer it to his mouth so he could savor the taste. After getting every drop he could, he resumed using his trunk to make his lovely kinswoman produce more of her ambrosia. This time, he started between an inner and outer lip of her alluring pussy.

The flap on his trunk felt exactly like a tongue to Sugar, and she was extremely familiar with the sensation. Her uncle's tongue had been in that same place on many occasions and she had always reveled in it immensely and had reached some of the best orgasms of her life. That day was being no exception. Sugar could feel her arousal mounting and knew she was getting close to a major explosion. The sensation continued to build as the tip of the trunk advanced toward her clit.

Ernesto was immensely enjoying himself too, but he was sure things could be even better for him. The aroma of Sugar's pussy was much better when it was being detected by his trunk than it had been to his human nose, and the flavor was more delectable too, but something could be better. Scooping the delicacy up with his trunk and carrying it to his mouth was nowhere near as much fun as it had been to lap it directly off her when he was alive. He also missed the erotic texture of her soft skin against his tongue, but he knew what he could do about the lack, and he would do so immediately after his niece had reached the first climax of her visit.

She was not going to make him wait very long for that to happen. Her sexy body was bouncing up and down on the ground in front of him, and she was sobbing and whimpering in lustful joy. "Keep licking me!" she begged him. "I'm ready to come!"

Ernesto already knew that, but was unsure of the best technique to use from that point. When he was human, he would have drawn Sugar's clit into his mouth and sucked it, at the same time fondling the sides and top with his tongue. He was concerned that, in his present form, his trunk would be too much in the way, but decided to try it anyhow, and leaned in as closely as possible. His niece spread her thighs more widely apart, and he was able to wrap his lips around the swollen morsel which had quickly become the center of both their attentions.

"Yes! Yes! Suck my clit!" Sugar implored him, while ramming her pussy up against his mouth.

Her uncle wanted nothing more than to do just that. His lips clamped over the succulent morsel and he sucked, as his muscular tongue caressed her clit. The excited young woman's body rocked and rolled all over the warm soft dirt that was her bed of lust. Abruptly, a tsunami of rapture swept over Sugar's form and she started to come.

She reached down and grasped her uncle's trunk to keep his mouth wrapped around the sweetest of her many sweet spots and tossed back and forth on her big, shapely ass, jamming her pussy up against his mouth. "Oh, god!" she cried ecstatically. "Oh god! Oh my god! Keep sucking me!"

Ernesto the elephant did what she and he both wanted, until Sugar came. Her back arched; all her muscles clenched and she rammed her pussy against his face for an ultimate time. Following her tremendous orgasm, her whole body relaxed with her arms sprawled out beside her. Uncle Ernie avidly licked all the juices from his niece's pussy, except that he left those still inside the adorable pink place that had produced them. He wanted to fuck, and he was sure that Sugar would too and the slick fluid would be needed to perform its natural function of lubrication.

She lay quietly on her back for a few minutes, then Sugar opened her eyes and smiled up at the elephant who had just done such a terrific job of eating her pussy. "That was great, Uncle Ernie," she said. "But you know what I always like to do after you eat my pussy."

He did know, of course, but thought there might be some problems involved. They would not be able to use the full length, face-to-face position they used to favor when he was alive, and it was possible his rough hide might abrade her very soft skin. Even so, he knew there would have to be a way for them to fuck and satisfy them both.

"You'll have to get on your hands and knees, My Little One."

Although Sugar had never cared very much for the position, she could see they would need to fuck that way. She still had some concern about being able to accommodate her uncle's cock, even though she had seen it. During his life, he had been well-hung, and she had taken on some other big ones but, after all, an elephant?

Uncle Ernie seemed to know what she was thinking. "Don't worry, Little Sweet as Sugar," he told her. I'm no bigger now than I was when I was human."

She smiled at him, got on her hand and knees in the soft dirt, and reached back to spread her wet pussy lips for the fucking that would be unique, at least up until that point in her life. Uncle Ernie knelt behind her and leaned forward so all his weight was supported on his front feet. Slowly, Dulcinea backed up until she felt the familiar cock head against her readily available pink hole. She smiled when she reached farther and felt the hard cylinder because, although big by most standards, it was no more than a good size to cram her pussy full.

"Uncle Ernie, that feels even better than I remember," she told the elephant who was crouching behind her.

"It'll feel even better inside you, too. Now, move the tip around."

Sugar moved closer and did as she was instructed, until the hard, blunt tip was pressing against the eager pink place it would momentarily be filling. Using the fingers of one hand to keep her lips apart, she gently held the hard organ in the other hand and moved the tip all over the opening to spread her plentiful lubricating juices. Sugar felt the end trying to enter her and moved slightly farther back until the head of her uncle's cock wedged into her pussy. "Ooooo," she murmured as a wave of delight rippled through her body.

Ernesto smiled, in his own peculiar way, waited a few seconds and pushed forward again. When Sugar felt his cock easing more deeply into her pussy, she fucked back to meet him. One of the greatest sexual thrills of her life rocketed through her body, and she moaned in utter rapture.

"My god, Uncle Ernie, that's the best I've ever gotten. Please don't stop!"

He had no intention of stopping, because it was the best he had ever gotten too. Over and over, he thrust his cock into his niece, until his entire shaft was buried in her and his balls were brushing gently against Sugar's crotch. He paused then, relishing her tightness and the sight of her body writhing joyfully under him, increasing his pleasure with every second.

Even in her extensive sexual life, Sugar had never experienced anything quite like the fucking she was getting from her uncle as an elephant. She could feel her climax building, and it reminded he of a volcano smoldering underground and preparing for a massive eruption. She knew her orgasm would be one of the greatest in her life, but getting there was so much fun, she was in no hurry to finally reach it. "Take as long as you want, Uncle Ernie," she pled with him. "It feels so wonderful, I don't want it to end."

He didn't want it to end either, at least not too soon. Slowly, Sugar's enchanted uncle started to draw his cock back, until only the head was still inside the fabulous place it had found. He paused again, very briefly this time, and began to plow his big cock back into that place. Dulcinea felt her pussy being stuffed again and, once again, fucked back to meet it until the entire hard organ was imbedded in the place she wanted it.

Over and over, the horny young woman fucked back to meet the big elephant cock going in and out of her pussy. Over and over, her uncle burrowed his cock into the dripping wet hole that was so eager to be crammed by it. Although the movements of the niece and uncle were slow, making their coupling almost leisurely, they could both feel their sexual excitement continuing to mount.

One of the reasons Sugar doesn't care as much for the position they were using is that there is less contact between her clit and the cock surging into her. At times, the man would reach around and play with her there and other times she would have to use her fingers. With Uncle Ernie, it was obvious his front feet could not perform such a delicate task, so she would do it herself. While he continued driving his cock into her pussy, she balanced most of her weight on her left hand and reached under her body to begin massaging her clit.

Her uncle kept squeezing his massive cock into her at the same pace, and Sugar matched it with her hand. As her body moved back and forth to envelop the big elephant cock, she also started wobbling from side to side. Concerned over the possibility of toppling over and spoiling their fun, Sugar spread her legs farther apart for better stability. This helped, but the danger still existed.

Ernesto saw the potential problem and moved up slightly and placed his legs closer together. This eliminated the danger, and the aroused young woman gave herself completely over to the excruciating pleasure of the minute. With no worries, she was able to concentrate on her impending explosion. Harder and more deeply, she fucked herself until her volcano began to erupt and a great wave of bliss inundated her body.
