 In Brano's harem, life continued magically and sensually to flow from day to night, from dawn to sunset, from daybreak's rose-fingered colors to twilight's mysterious shadows. Life was full of rich beauty and pure luxury, and in the center of this splendor was Nirtasia spinning her enticing tales, enriching her lovers' happiness. It had been many moons since Brano had begun allowing Slavo to enjoy the pleasures that Nirtasia wished to bestow on him, and there was an overflow of passion to everything that happened within the harem's walls. 

There was also a particular bond between the two men, as both were the fathers of her children, who had been conceived during the same act of love. The boy and girl where growing up quite happily enjoying the attention of not only their mother, but also of their two fathers, in a world filled with everything their hearts desired. Of course, Brano, being the ruler of a vast land and a very powerful man, had an unspoken claim on Nirtasia. Yet, whenever she so chose, Slavo could share her bed. In fact, many times she would make love to both of them in one night, one right after the other as the other one watched. 

On one particular night near the water-lily pond, after a delicious meal of fish baked with almond essence that she and Brano were fed by both female and male servants, she began to tell a tale about a distant land where there lived an old wise man. She had heard about this man from one of the travelers who had visited the harem. She allowed her imagination to run wild as she told her audience whatever her fancy concocted based on the little she knew of this mysterious wise man. As was now the custom, Slavo, who dined with them about once or twice a week, was there along with her favorite ladies. He was in a privileged position ever since he had become Nirtasia's lover. 

All the listeners were captivated and curious to hear about this wise man that was blind but had the ability to gain back his sight only when he was making love to a beautiful woman. He would invite the beauties of the world to visit him, make love to them long enough to enjoy their beauty and then have a portrait made of them that he would never see with his own eyes. There was a hidden Hall of Beauties near his home where he displayed the paintings, so that selected visitors would know the splendid women that had given themselves to him. 

This story quickly excited Brano, who never ceased to crave the Sultana above all other women, and he laid her back on the embroidered cushions scattered on the soft grassy earth. Nirtasia parted the flowing shirt she wore to reveal her well-tanned thighs and the diamond-shaped hair that lingered above her rosy pink pussy. Brano's desire did not allow him to wait a moment longer and he undid the belt that fastened his silk pants to unveil his throbbing cock. The listeners now became watchers as Brano moved on top of Nirtasia and with the full force of his weight, entered her and began to pump into her with a possessed intensity as if he had not made love to her in days. With each thrust Nirtasia moaned, relishing the heaviness of his body on her, for it reminded her that it was not all just a dream, but rather a dreamy reality. He filled her well with his big cock and the smack of their bodies as they came together added more sound to this act of lust and love, as Nirtasia now lifted herself up and towards him so that he could push as deep as possible inside her. 

Slavo watched breathlessly with the ladies, but would not touch these other women, for he too could only find ultimate satisfaction in the arms of Nirtasia. She turned her head to face Slavo just before Brano, releasing a guttural sound, spilled his cum into her, causing an orgasm to overcome her while her eyes stayed locked with those of Slavo, letting him see her face and eyes as ecstasy swept over her.

As Brano caught his breath and rolled away, Nirtasia still panting hard crawled on all fours towards Slavo removing her gown as she stood in front of him. She gave him a long lingering kiss full of desire and love, and then bent down briefly to uncover, lick and moisten the already pulsating cock with her hot breath. She turned to face Brano as he lay watching on the ground and slowly moved her pussy down just enough to cover the tip of Slavo's cock. Moving in small circles, she teased him and wet him with the juices now pouring out of her. Locking her eyes with those of Brano, she began to move up and down along the shaft that disappeared and reappeared from inside her, every time slicker and more bulging. 

Slavo moaned, almost screamed as he held her breasts which moved to her rhythm until finally he put his hands on her waist to guide her up and down to his own beat, causing her to come violently again, the cock deep inside her and almost out again, the back of her thighs hitting the top of his thighs as he also came, almost standing up as his emptied his load into her. All the while she never looked away from Brano, who delighted in that far away look she had, as if everything were hazy, everything blended together and no dividing lines existed anywhere. 

She was then bathed by the ladies, and exhausted, she fell asleep under the moonlight protected by a sparkling net draped over the outdoor bed, the two men lying on either side of her, and all slept profoundly, sharing common dreams of vivid passion.

Ever since the Sultan married Nirtasia, there had been a decree in all the land that except for the Sultan himself and Nirtasia's private physician, no ordinary man was allowed to touch her. There had been an exception to this decree by permission of the Sultan when Slavo appeared to have caught the Sultana's eye. However, for any other man it still held true. A man who went against this law would be severely punished, even by death.

One morning Nirtasia decided to spend some time alone at the beach. Though there were many long sandy beaches that ran along the shores of the kingdom, when she wanted to feel free and unattended she went to the small sandy cove, which had turquoise waters and rocky edges, creating a small hideout effect. There she had had a shady tent set up underneath the ancient olive trees that grew close to the water. After taking a long swim in the nude, she went and lay down on the soft mattresses in the breezy shade. She was not aware of being watched. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sound of the water, the rustle of the leaves and the slight wind that blew and kept her cool. 

She was almost asleep when a fishing boat pulled up on the shore. Three fishermen disembarked silently and without a noise and knowing exactly what they were doing, they swiftly moved towards the almost sleeping Nirtasia and with one of their salty nets skillfully covered her and bound her to the ground. Nirtasia opened her eyes to see the first of the three men already removing his pants to expose a throbbing cock and as the other two held her legs down, he began to rape her, pushing hard into her pussy and as she looked at him with startled eyes. After a few harsh thrust, the oldest of the men shuddered and came inside her. She was totally unable to move her upper body and with her legs pinned down by the other men, she was helpless. 

Then it was the turn of the second man, who gestured the other men away and took her legs and placed them on his shoulder as he pulled out his own full and ready penis. He began to fuck her more slowly than the last man, his cock moving in and out of the unexpected wetness and willingness of her pussy, enjoying looking at her body crushed under the net, her breasts heaving as already she was excited by the experience, something the three men had no way of knowing. He fucked her as if he wanted to bring her pleasure and as she started moaning, surprising the men as the orgasm flowed through her, the fisherman thrusting hard into her as he also gave up his cum to her. He pulled away and then came the third and youngest of the men, who simply released her from the net and helped her up. 

This fisherman, who was a beautiful young man around the age of 25, had just turned to leave, when Nirtasia suddenly caught his shoulder, led him under the shady tent again and pointed to a cushioned chair, where she wanted him to sit. He obeyed this unexpected request wordlessly. She uncovered his cock, also ready and eager since he had witnessed the rape and wanted to fuck her as much as the others had, and she slowly lowered her pussy onto him and began to fuck him hard and deep, her breasts rubbing on his chest and her head thrown back and as she felt he was about to come, she also allowed herself to come with him and they both released a loud groan as they came together while the other two men watched speechless from the boat. 

Before she released his cock from inside her, she whispered into the young man's ear. "You have all just fucked the Sultana Nirtasia, wife of the Sultan Brano. You attempted to rape me, but instead brought me great pleasure, as no man can take from me what I decide I want to give. However, you must never speak of it to anyone, as your lives may be in grave danger. And never shall you repeat this act with any woman, unless she is willing. Now go and never look back". The stunned young man made his way back to the boat and they took off into the water. 

Nirtasia watched them as they looked back at her, still startled by what had happened, until the boat disappeared behind the cliffs, and she smiled to herself at this most unusual afternoon she experienced. She would never speak of this to anyone. However, she did not know that someone had been watching...a swimmer had witnessed the whole scene from the water. As she went in to wash off the scent of the three men from her body, the swimmer took a dive and disappeared. She only saw a splash from the cover of her eye, and assumed it was a dolphin. 

The next few days flowed gently, full of walks in the gardens with the children, rides into the hills on the energy of stallions with Slavo and quiet afternoons reading and writing poetry. Nirtasia carried the secret of the fishermen with her until finally it seemed like a distant strange dream to her. The palace received many guests during those days and the rumors of the blind wise man kept making their way into their walls. She was vastly curious to learn more and always enquired over any information she could get about him. Her birthday was nearing and Brano was very affectionate and tender with her, asking her what it was she wanted as a present. The idea suddenly came to her to request a meeting with the blind man. She wanted to experience the secret union he had to offer to chosen women. But she kept this desire to herself for the moment, contemplating the right time to ask.

One night, after a good dinner and the thorough lovemaking of Brano, she awoke from a deep sleep to the sound of her name being called from a distance. She stepped onto the terrace and followed with her gaze to the direction of the voice. It came from the beach. She left the sleeping Brano behind and slipped out into the night in her flowing silver gown. There was a full moon and it was easy to see everything around her, her own body casting a definite shadow as she made her way down to the water. 

When she reached the water's edge, she spotted the figure of a man in the shallow waters of the sea. He was a vision of perfection, with broad shoulders and muscular arms, long flowing hair that framed piercing green eyes, full red lips and high cheek bones. He was like no man Nirtasia had ever seen. "Your Majesty, I come to you with the utmost respect and admiration. It was I who witnessed the events of the other day with the fishermen. I see that you long for new experiences and I am here to offer you the opportunity to come into my world and enjoy some of the magic of my realm." As he spoke he swam closer and she realized this was not a man at all, but instead of legs he had a fish's tail. "Your eyes show surprise in seeing that I am a merman. My name is Algo, King of the Merpeople. I desire to take you down into the depths, where the other mermen of my domain and I wish to bring you much pleasure. We long to love you in our unique way, while you give us what we long for most, to live for a few moments in complete ecstasy between your thighs. Your beauty is unique, but in combination with your mysterious human form, it is utterly stimulating for us. We wish to observe your oyster opening to us, to lick and savor your pearl and your nipples with our lips and tongues, to feel the strength of your legs around us as we enter you. While you are underwater, you will have no need to breathe air as long as you are in contact with me. I will always be touching you, even as the other mermen come to you, and you will stay warm and safe in our underwater world while experiencing extreme fulfillment. Now it is up to you to decide whether you trust to come with me or not."

Nirtasia was fascinated by what she had heard and was ready to join Algo in this adventure. She was also pleased that she later would be able to share everything with Brano, as the mermen were not included in his decree. It only applied to mortal humans. She nodded her consent to Algo who stretched out his hand to take hers. She waded into the chilly water. "Have no fear," he told her and they slipped together under the water. Immediately the warmth came to her and she no longer needed air with his touch. The light of the moon reached deep into the waters and everything was glowing. Algo's strong tail swished behind him leading them deeper and deeper for what seemed a long time until light appeared to be coming from below, and Nirtasia could now see a shimmering iridescent palace decorated in pink shells and silvery pearls. It was stunningly beautiful, a feast for the eyes. They neared the palace and landed upon a terrace overlooking a coral reef and deep sea ravine. Nirtasia was served a pearly white drink which tasted somewhat like roses and cream, while Algo held her hand tightly. She was then fed mussels and sea anemones directly from the shells, it all tasted fresh and new to her.

Algo smiled and Nirtasia realized he had an indescribable beauty. She wanted him suddenly...wanted to take from him whatever he had to give her. They were half floating, suspended in the gravity free water, NIrtasia's gown flowing elegantly around her, her red hair picked up by the current like a halo around her face. Algo looked up and she followed his gaze to see two mermen approaching them. They did not speak, they did not need to. The one swan and hovered directly over her breasts, which he delicately uncovered with his fingers and then began to suck on hungrily, while the other pushed away the garment to expose her pussy, and he swished his tail to put himself directly into position to be able to lick and drink from her cunt. All the while Algo held her from the waist as she floated and the mermen took and gave pleasure. This was a shockingly new feeling, the tongues were fast and slick and skillful and she shuddered with ecstasy as she came without the least bit of effort. Her moans were drowned out by the water and shimmering bubbles replaced them. Both mermen then swam back slightly and the one now slide up against her and she saw his protruding shimmering cock just as it disappeared inside her. The lovemaking was odd, two sudden thrusts inward, and the cock exploded inside her like a volcano erupting and filling her with lava. The merman was then locked into her and could not remove himself as the cock kept on spilling and filling her, as if bubbles were floating up her veins. She came again, as Algo held on to her. Suddenly there was a release and the merman who was almost unconscious from his own ecstasy pulled out. 

Before Nirtasia could recover the second merman also gave two sudden thrusts inward with his slick shining member and was glued to her, his cock pumping out its liquids again, again, again, Nirtasia convulsing from her own pleasure with this feeling of dissolving into the water. The merman pulled away, and before Nirtasia could turn to Algo, whom she now wanted quite desperately, the next merman appeared and fucked her, hard and deep, again unleashing his desire into her. A series of mermen came, they licked her, fucked her, turned her around, lifted her, she had no idea how many, how long, how deep, it was an ecstasy that no words could describe. 

All this happened while Algo kept his trusting touch upon her, protecting her, reminding her that all was fine. After what seemed a long time Algo was alone with her and he took her in his arms, touching her face gently and asked her, "Are you satisfied, my most lovely Sultana? Have we brought you the great pleasure that you have also returned to us?" Nirtasia nodded, but could not help in whispering to him, "I still desire you, as I have from the moment I saw you awaiting me in the water. Will you give yourself to me as I wish to give myself to you?" Without a word Algo took her hand and began swimming up, up and away towards the surface of the water, and in what seemed only moments, they were breathing the fresh air of the earth. He swam with her to the shore and laid her back in the very shallow waters of the beach....

"More than anything," he said, "I long to kiss your lips while they breathe out to me the precious air from your body." And he leaned over her and kissed her with intense passion, with what some would call love, their lips and tongues intertwining tenderly and seductively. And then he entered her with his silvery pulsating cock, using the rhythm of the waves and the thrust from his tail to push into her and he felt himself merge with her and her legs came around him and pushed him deeper still, and they fucked in a different way, as two worlds came together in that embrace, and she felt as if she was no longer solid, but made of sea, as he poured his magic seamen into her and her pussy throbbed around him, pumping out more of the tingly sperm, she moaned and came in his arms as both took deep breathes of air, the moon shining down upon them. 

They did not let go for a long while, just stayed there together, their lips touching slightly, breathing deeply, Nirtasia 's red hair playing wildly about her face in the shallow water as the tide came in. "Thank you, Algo. You have changed me." And he replied, "And you have completed me, Nirtasia. You are an angel. And I thank you. I hope we shall meet again. Even in my dreams, I never thought you would feel like this. You are magnificent and those who are lucky enough to know you are blessed. Go now, my love, before dawn breaks. I will think of you always." He bent to give her a goodbye kiss, slipped off her and dove into the sea. Nirtasia, weak, but invigorated at the same time, stood up and miraculously found her hair and gown totally dry. She walked up the hill to the palace, through the dark corridors and into the chamber, where Brano was still sleeping. She crawled in next to him and though totally awake and excited, fell immediately into a sea-deep slumber. Outside dawn stretched her colors on the sky and urged day to slowly begin, as the sleepers slept dreamlessly this time.

The days that followed were relaxing and mellow, and Nirtasia took advantage of the time to gather back her strength after a very exhausting though exhilarating night with Algo. There were many guests coming and going from the harem grounds and Brano was quite busy entertaining them. Sometimes the Sultana would also participate in the lavish feasts and special events that the Sultan had organized. Other times she chose more quiet moments alone with Slavo, watching the stars with an exquisite wine to quench their thirst, or listening to musicians play soothing melodies of lost civilizations on the lyre and lute. 
