 The following story takes place in an alternative history. All STDs were cured in the 90s and rampant population growth is controlled by year-long birth control for both sexes that's administered every time you renew your ID. Most sexual taboos are no longer a moral battlefront save for bestiality and pedophilia and sex in general is seen more as entertainment or a sport, rather than something connected specifically to love or mating.

Sexfighting, where two individuals competitively try to make each other orgasm, is wildly popular. To participate in Sexfighting, one must get their Consent License through a series of classes and health screenings. 

This particular story follows a Ms. Madison Koufax who readers of my Allison series might recognize as the former World Champion, The Crimson Queen. This is much before that time.

The next chapter of the Allison series will be coming out soon, but I'm hoping this might tide over some the more anxious fans and provide some titillating backstory to our main character's prospective mentor. 

Enjoy!

*****

"AAAHhh AAHAHHH! MMM BABY! I DONT KNOW MUCH LONGER I CAN LAST! OOOoooFUCK! SHE'S TOO GOOD!"

Maddie Koufax grinned against the puffy waxed pussy she was currently tongue-deep in, thighs closing tighter around the male half of this couple's handsome face. He'd only hear muffled cries of his lover as she started to writhe and pulse her hips against Maddie's otherworldly lips.

"Shhh~ It's okay. He's about to pop too~" Maddie assured her, returning quick to suck hard on her clit while the fist she had wrapt around the boyfriend's sunscreen-slathered fuckpole pumped faster and faster up and down just under the throbbing plum-colored head of it.

The admirably daring couple ended up crying out in ecstasy together along with the chirping of their CL bands, creating a shared chorus of forced bliss... not to mention quite the mess. Luckily, the freshly disqualified pair were more than eager to clean up after themselves with the helpful guidance of Maddie's fists holding each of them by the hair and directing them lap away over her jizz-slicked front.

They were not the first to try and team up on her. In fact, just the other night she had knocked out four fellas that generously tried to gangbang her to her first cum of the entire Prix. 

All they ended up doing was cumming themselves out of the game and then proceeded to be used as a big cuddly mattress for her to rest a while on.

Of the original fifty, the spunky twenty-something sexfighter was now one of remaining six that still hadn't fumbled a single engagement of three they could 'lose' before getting disqualified. On top of that, there were still at least another dozen or so left that were either one down or one away. Was it so bad that she wish she had more opponents to lustfully reap? The giant prize pool and bye into the Rose Cup were certainly nice, but validation was the real pudding she was after.

The last year had been a ravenous marathon of training. Her naturally endless ardor and instinctual sensuality made her a natural, but Madison craved to be more than just competitive indulgence. She wanted to be the best at the thing she loved the most— Sex.

In this moment, strutting along the tide-damp surf while nude, soaking wet and sunkissed all over, she felt like the most dangerous beast on this picturesque island.

She was the alpha predator here, the others were the prey.

Speaking of which... in the distance she saw what appeared to be another successful 'hunt' as some big hunky bear of a stud was pounding away at something cute. 

Unable to resist, she led herself closer. As she did, she began to notice some interesting details. 

The pretty thing's hair was a lovely bright pink that matched her pretty little nipples and even the wagged mace-ball tip of her twitching prick.

"MMMNNN!! GIVE IT TO ME!" She howled, gripping tight to a coconut tree and jamming her backside down onto the fuzzy guy's lewd stump, gobbling up into her butt with seemingly reckless abandon.

It didn't take much longer before the dickgirl had him leaning, pinning her to the tree in a sloppy attempt to regain control.

Madison felt a thrilled rush watching the intensity spill over, the pink-haired shemale basically growling out raunchy demands like "CREAMFILL MY SLUTTY ASS" and "EMPTY THOSE FUCKING BALLS INTO ME RIGHT NOW MISTER". He complied through and through, grunting and groaning and jerking his hips around uncontrollably.

From Madie's vantage point behind and to their side barely a yard away, she heard the tell-tale chirp of the bulky beau's CL-band as trembling humps deposited his last point into her peached rump.

"Good try~" The fellow undefeated fuckfighter teased, patting the loser on the head, before glancing over and noticing the audience she had drawn, "Oh? Enjoy the sho—whoa MmmMmMMMmmMMm"

Before could finish, Maddie marched up and smooched her hard. The initial shock of it faded quick into a shared murring liplock. It was the kind of kiss that the both of them would be plenty pleased to suffocate from. 

Fortunately, curiosity saved their lives.

"What's your name, hun?" Madison asked for the first time in this fuck-prix.

"Kandace. Kandace Kaine."

Madison chortled and squealed out "CANDY CANE!" to which Kandace rolled her eyes but still couldn't resist smirking herself at Maddie's amusement of it. 

"And you, gorgeous?"

"Your worst fucking nightmare, cutie!" The aspiring young Ms. Koufax giggled pushing her yet again into that kiss from before, finding that passionate ember metaphysically sizzle between their dueling tongues. In the heat of this embrace they ended up sprawled out on a nearby towel and tangled into a wholly wild make-out session. 

"The name~ It's Madison, Kandy girl... now moan it for me~" She purred against her lightly freckled cheek as stirred her cum-drooling ass with index and middle while her thumb frigged into her velvety perineum.

Kandace's eyes were wide and sparkly with excitement at a real challenge... and the wanton flood of pleasure that she was currently trying to mitigate.

"MMmmm-mMa-Maaaad..OOhm" Kandace breathed and tried to stuttered out playfully as she rocked her hips around. As delighted as she was to see her anticipated prey flop around like that, it did manage to get her guard down a little. 

Kandy had scooted closer in the process and now had her solid hot cock smooshed against Madie's gasped pink blossom. Madie responded by lifting a thigh over the dickgirl's hip, trying to draw her inside—but instead found Kandy thrusting up, plowing her shaft between the lush splay of her labia.

"MMmm Maaaddisoooon~" Kandace moaned properly, even tauntingly 'sweet' in tone as she began to grind herself against her newly acquired rival's steamy slick sex.

"OOHHM KANDY!" Madison huffed, finding herself enraptured by that scrumptious scrubbing of hotblooded shecock against her insatiable sensitive pearl. It was making her flutter her lashes and pant like a puppy. What a talented treat of a foe she had found~ 

The two became a blur of moaning each others names while furiously working to get each other off. Gradually as they discovered each other inside and out, the competitive fire between them roared into a crescendo of ardent amorous fucking and kissing they could no longer control.

Occasionally they would tilt and wrestle the other onto their back but it was clear the intent was no longer about the Prix or eliminating the other—it was a mutual, intense attraction now exploding into impassioned physicality.

At least until Kandace suddenly pulled up and stood without a word, just simply starting to tie her bubblegum locks into a sidepony. Madison was still spread and writhing on the towel, looking up bewildered at the sudden retreat but nonetheless trying to lure her Kandy back down.

"What gives?" She eventually huffed, leering up at the sweat-shined Kandace.

With a big giddy grin, Kandace looked back once more before strolling off.

"Saving the best for last~"