 Strangely Sandra Draper was growing colder to her husband. Before they had always got on well with each other, sharing a joke and basking in the expensive toys they surrounded themselves with. Now the mood had grown colder, and Charles wondered what the problem was. 

One day they had a quarrel so loud, the cries carried out into the garden where Charles was working. He was almost pleased to see a few cracks in the armour, but what he wanted was to be part of all that. To one day stand in that huge room and have his own arguments with Sandra. 

There was a day when the husband drove the sleek black car alone, down the motorway. She was left to wander the silent corridors with her dressing gown flowing out behind her, and her arms wrapped tightly around her ribs. This was how Charles saw her as she looked from the window. 

The day was starting warm and promised to build up heat so strong, that the grass would almost shimmer before his eyes. It was just before this heat haze descended, that the woman came out onto the lawn and glared at him. 

"Well, are you going to stand there, useless?" She spoke the words with bitterness and turned to walk back inside. 

Nothing more was spoken, but they both knew their roles now, and he followed her into the house. He had thought about this moment for so long his legs could hardly climb the stairs. 

Even as he followed her into the bedroom, there was an air of unease. It was only when he took off his shirt and stood before her that her true mood showed itself. She had been looking from the window at the lawns stretched out before the house, and whatever thoughts they had born, sat heavily upon her now. 

"I know you have thought about me. I can see you looking up from the lawn. Were you very hurt when I sent the girl to have sex with you?" Sandra sat on the edge of the bed and seemed almost human as if she cared. 

"Yes, I can't pretend that I like being used like that," Charles replied. 

"Well, that's the way men treat women. Is it not only fair that we do the same to you?" She went on, unbuttoning her dress before him. 

"I would never treat anyone like that. And I certainly would never treat a woman in that way, whether I wanted sex from her or not. It's not human." Charles could see she wanted to get undressed but still feared a trap. After all, what else was she capable of, even here in her bedroom? 

"You liked it. Cruel or not. Was it not," said Sandra, "the best orgasm you had ever had? Knowing you had been cruel and brutal to someone?" She had undone her dress to reveal the beauty of her perfect breasts clad in expensive underwear. The fullness of her bosom stretching the fabric along the frills of her cleavage. The texture of her milky white skin blended wonderfully with the softness of the material. 

"I prefer some love," said Charles, "when it comes to sex. You have to at least like each other." He had slipped off the jeans and T-shirt he always wore for work in the garden, and stood there with the sweat and dirt on his skin. "I'll take a shower first, it's been hot out there." 

"Don't you dare," said Sandra, "I want to be filthy. Just rub yourself all over me. Sweat and all." She was almost panting, catching her breath with the excitement, as she thought about his sweaty dirty body rolling all over hers. 

Sandra threw the dress to one side and showed him her long slender legs. The stockings and suspenders matched the expensive elegance of the rest of her underwear. She knew what men wanted when they undressed a woman, and the better it was, the more you could pull them in. Into your life and between your legs, and she wanted it now. 

In a dream, Charles threw off the rest of his clothes and stood naked before her. It was only then he realised where he was and what he was about to do. 

"I've dreamt about this moment for so long Sandra," said Charles as he crawled onto the bed before her. "I've watched you and wanted to do this to you from the day we met. To run my hands over this beautiful body and lick every inch of it." Charles ran his hands over her long silky legs feeling every curve. 

"Then do it. Fulfil your fantasies. Make every inch count." Sandra looked into his eyes. Both were sparkling and shining with excitement and desire. 

Sandra pulled him onto her and embraced his hot sweaty body. 

"Get me dirty too Charlie. Run you sweat all over these lovely clean clothes. You know they cost more than you could earn in a month, so get them dirty." She thrashed in enjoyment, as the young man slithered between her legs and over her breasts. Their tongues licked each other's face, then deep into the back of their mouths. 

Suddenly she rolled him off and looked down at his huge aching penis. 

"We want to put that to work. Help me get these things off." Sandra turned sideways to let the man fiddle with the catch on her bra. When it fell away, to reveal a pair of perfectly formed domes, Charles fell upon them. "Suck on them harder, get the nipples up," said the woman, "and lick between them." 

She grabbed hold of his head by the hair and just rubbed him round and round across her breasts. 

"Oh God Sandra, I can't stand much more." Charles got hold of his cock and began masturbating it wildly. 

"Don't you shoot that damn thing too soon. Let go of it!" she demanded, slapping his hand away. 

Charles stood back, pain upon his face. "I just want to stick this in you!" he was almost apologising now. 

"Well, you aren't shafting some little tart in the bushes now. If you want to slide it in my pussy you'll have to take my knickers off." Sandra opened her legs wide to show her crotch. To which Charles plunged with both hands. "No," she smiled, "take them off with your teeth." 

So Charles put his face against the soft material, and after sliding his tongue around the waistband of her knickers, found enough to get between his teeth and pulled down. Finally, he could stand it no more and ripped them like a savage animal. There beneath the shreds of her knickers lay her beautifully shaven triangle of pubic hair. 

"Now Charlie, you have to get it nice and wet. Stick your face against my pussy and slide your tongue in all the way." 

This he did and felt the joy of tasting the musky scent of her sex. She was soaking wet now and his lips slithered across the soft pink skin.

Cupping the whole of her hole with his mouth, then letting his tongue slide deep into the rich flesh. Her juices ran down his chin. 

"Don't just lick up and down, lick it sideways, and taste the walls of my fanny." Sandra was moaning with pleasure now, as Charles explored the chamber of her sexual organ. "Good boy, now you can slide your cock in, but take it slow and shove it in as deep as you can." 

So he did. Rocking back and forth to work up a steady motion he penetrated the woman. She responded by wrapping her legs around him and even hooking her heels into his. Her arms embraced him and rubbed up and down his back, needing the sweating muscles. 

They worked back and forth for some time at that steady pace, until Charles thought the time had come.

"Let's go for it, I'm gonna' shoot!" He looked into her eyes, as he thrust his pelvis against hers. 

"Alright pick up speed and shag away. You've done well, you've got me worked up, so make me come!" Sandra grabbed hold of the man to show she meant business and began a series of muscle spasms that got them both worked up. Finally, Charles found his cock had taken on a life of its own and fired off as if a lightning bolt had shot right up through him. 

Sandra just grunted like an animal, and kept on moving, even after they had both come. 

"Stray inside me," she asked with a whisper. "Just leave it in until it gets hard again." 

"God Sandra that was fantastic. I've never had a jump like that." Charles just lay between her legs and felt her iron grip on him. 

"I bet you can manage another one?" 

Charles was so high on the experience, he quickly became hard again, and off they went. This time it took longer and they both slithered about with the action of thrusting back and forth. 

Finally, it was over and Sandra left the man lying on the bed as she showered and dressed. To her, it was just like a work-out and life went on. 

Of course, Charles told himself that it was just sex. Just a way of enjoying themselves with a little animal pleasure, and no more than that. But of course, he could not think that way. It was not him, and in time he fell in love with the woman. 

She never responded.