 Sandra’s Story

The wind cut across the river flinging the tall grasses of the marshland to and fro, like an army of rag dolls. Sandra looked across the wild open expanse of Fenland and wondered what lay beyond. In those days her name was still Sarah. It was only in more modern times she had changed it.

The year was 1645 and the Civil war, which had wrecked the whole of England, was drawing to a close.

Sarah was only 22 that summer and was very curious about sex. Of course, it was never spoken of with such an obvious name, but she knew what it was. She had seen village children doing it in the hedgerows from being a small girl, and knew that’s what people did in order to make babies. What really concerned her, was why they did it, even though they did not want any babies.

After seeing one of the kitchen maids being courted by one of the stable hands, Sarah made up her mind to ask some questions on the subject.

“Millie what does that John want from you?” she asked naively one morning as they gathered in the washing from the garden.

“Why Mistress Sarah, fancy asking such a question.” Millie giggled and carried on folding the sheets.

“Please Millie I want to know, I know you make babies that way, but you are not married, so why do you want to go with him?” Sarah asked in such a sincere way, the other girl could only warm to her.

“Well, you know about people doing it then?” Millie gave a wicked smile and looked around to see if anyone had overheard them.

“In away, but I truly do not know why. Would you tell me?”

“Mistress Sarah, that is for your own Mother to tell you.”

“No Millie, I know the sort of lecture my Mother would give me. What I would like from you, is a reason why you enjoy it so?”

“Sarah I would be put out on the streets if I told you that, and with this terrible war coming our way, I do not want to lose the protection of your Father, the Squire.”

“Then how am I to know what the truth is? Oh please, Millie tell me?” Sarah pleaded with the other girl, as this was her last hope.

“Alright Mistress Sarah, but you must promise not to tell anyone that it was I who revealed the secrets to you?”

“On my sacred oath,” replied Sarah with excitement.

“Very well then, have you ever seen a man’s working tool?” Millie whispered the information almost biting her lip as she described the organ in question.

“His working tool?” Sarah looked confused.

“Yes, Miss. What he uses to do his work? You know?”

“Is that the thing he puts inside you?” Sarah thought she had some idea what the parts were, but lacked knowledge of their names.

“That’s right Miss. Well when it’s big and hard, the best thing in the world is to have it slid inside you. You know, right up between your legs? I bet you wondered what it was for, all along didn’t you?”

“Oh, I think I see now. And this is a nice feeling?” Sarah was still confused at this stage but pressed on.

“The best in the world! Especially once it starts going in and out, and once he finds your little button, that is truly the best!” Millie was red with embarrassment but pleased she had got it out in the open.

“I’m not sure where my little button is,” Sarah looked worried.

“You mean, you have never put your finger up yourself to find out?”

“No, should I?”

“Why, yes,” added Millie with concern.

“Shall I do it now?”

“Goodness no Miss! People might see!” Millie looked round in fear. “You are a devil, Miss Sarah. I can see you enjoying it once you start.”

“Oh, I do so wish Millie. If only I could find someone to try out this new knowledge.” Sarah looked longingly out across the village and wondered if life was passing her by.

“Well, I hear tell there is a troop of cavalry coming to Ampstwyll. Maybe you can find one to try it out with?”

“Please let it be so Millie. Would you ask one for me, for I am so nervous at meeting men?”

“Sarah I cannot do that! It is for you to decide. You will know once you have found the one you like.”

Sarah did not have to wait long for the cavalry to turn up. They rode into the village of Ampstwyll with a flurry. Flags flying in the wind and armour shining in the sun, they looked unstoppable and very impressive to the villagers. Not the least of which impressed Sarah as she walked from the Manor House to witness the troop fill the village.

Their horses stomped noisily around the front of the Manor, and everyone turned out to see what was happening. They were made very welcome by the Squire, who made provision to quarter them around the village; the officers being allowed to stay in the guest rooms.

This was where Sarah saw Mr Sharp. He was a young and striking officer, who wore his uniform with pride and confidence. He took one look at Sarah and knew what he wanted too.

“Why such a fair damsel? I can see now why His Majesty wants us to defend this land? For how could one doubt the need to defend such beauty as this?”

Sarah blushed scarlet and backed away with a girlish giggle. Then her parents came into the hall and made Mr Sharp welcome in their home. Of course Mr Sharp had enough sense not to try to seduce the girl under her own roof, but that would not stop him from trying once they were alone in the fields. Finally, he could see some sense in fighting this awful war.

Arranging a meeting turned out to be more difficult than either of them had ever thought. All the time both Sarah and Mr Sharp were in the company of someone else. If it was not her family around her, it was the company of cavalry surrounding the young officer. By the end of the week, they would both look at each other across the sea of people and exchange signals of hope.

Finally, one morning as Sarah was taking food to the village ale-house, Sharp managed to follow her from the house. It was in the narrow lane surrounded by tall hedges that he caught up with her.

Sarah pretended not to notice him at first and then kept up the fantasy, by not being interested. He walked alongside her as they made their way down the hedgerow.

“Finally we get to meet in private.” Sharp looked nervously up and down the path.

“Yes, sir. You seem in something of a hurry to make my acquaintance?” Sarah wondered if playing hard to get, would scare him off altogether, for that would be a disaster.

“Why yes. You are the loveliest thing I have seen since coming to this county. In fact, since the war began.”

“Are not the girls in London not beautiful?”

“Yes they have their own charm, but they could not hold a candle to your face. And none could be proud of such a shapely body in so lovely a dress.”

“Mr Sharp! It is not your place to look upon my body in such a lustful manner.” Sarah pretended to be shocked but was excited by the thought of the young man looking at her body now.

“Forgive me, but rarely do I get to look upon such examples of young womanhood. I am a soldier of the King and have pledged my life to the Kingdom. Tomorrow I might die in battle, and never see such luscious sights again.”

“Oh, Mr Sharp do not say such things!” Sarah was genuinely shocked at this thought. “I have only just made your acquaintance, and could not bear the idea of losing you. Never have I had such a young man in my life, and I am thrilled with the thought of knowing you more.”

“Then let us arrange to meet again? When there is no one else around. We can talk on these matters some more?”

“Yes, I would like to discuss these feeling in more depth.” Sarah felt her heart racing at the prospect of finding out what the man really had on his mind. “We could meet in the Yew Maze, for no one goes there in the evening, and we would be well hidden from prying eyes.”

“Until tonight then?”

With that, he was gone, and Sarah planned how she would be able to slip away. This could be the night she found out what really went on between a man and a woman.