 Dan, currently playing as Blaize Firewilde, hadn't expected to find a dungeon tucked away so close to the newbie areas. He'd never heard about it before, either. It was hard to imagine some tryhard hadn't already done a clean sweep through during the beta and mapped everything out, but it also wasn't inconceivable that he'd be the first one to discover something; Saga Online had only been live for a few weeks at this point. Wait till the rest of the guild heard about this place! They'd have first crack at whatever loot was inside for at least a week, till someone else figured it out. 

Come to think of it, Jim decided, maybe he should poke around a little before he told the guys. The place didn't have a name or a level listed, so it could be anything. If he died exploring a high level area, so what? The potential to find some sweet treasure, maybe even a unique item, was more than worth it. 

The entrance to the place was a pair of thin doors made of off-white stone. It was the same color as the shallow bluffs scattered around the Katari Riverlands zone, blending in almost perfectly with the terrain. Shallow runes were carved into the surface, but they didn't mean anything to Dan. He took a screenshot and briefly considered posting it to the guild chat. They'd home in on his location in minutes, though - no chance to get dibs on whatever was inside. 

After a cursory scan for traps Dan pushed open the left-hand door, which slid soundlessly open. He stepped inside as quietly as he could. The area was dimly lit by torchlight from somewhere deeper inside, revealing a carved white stone hallway a little taller than he was. It was surprisingly clean; something clearly lived here. Maybe it was a necromancer's lair, or a bandit hideout? Muttering an incantation, Dan conjured a small ball of flame in his hand and held it up to light the way. If anything jumped out, he could just burn it and retreat. 

Dan focused on keeping calm as he moved further inside. He knew it was just a game, just virtual reality, but at times like this it seemed so damn real. He shrugged to wipe away the sweat trickling down his neck. There, the light source - some sort of glow stone, set into a torch bracket in the wall. And there was another one further down, next to an old wooden door, casting yellowish shadows down the narrow hallway. Dan closed the distance, glanced behind him (just to double check), and put his ear up against door. Nothing. Maybe the place was abandoned? Or better yet, a treasure stash? Could he be that lucky? He eased open the door, straining his eyes for any signs of movement. 

The first thing Dan noticed was the smell. It was sweet, difficult to identify. Perfume? That couldn't be right. He spent a moment trying to place it, but grew impatient. Whatever the scent' origin, it was delicious, seeming to draw him further into the room. The place was illuminated a little better, several larger glow stones showing a large, well-decorated room. There was a leather couch with black and gold cushions set into a corner, a wardrobe and closet in another, with a full-length mirror beside it. 

None of this was what Dan had been expecting - clearly, this was someone's home. Had a player set up an outpost here, this quickly and in secret? But player homes were visible on your map, so that wasn't possible. Still, this was clearly not a dungeon. He snuffed the flame in his hand, in case he ignited something by mistake. Further in, he saw a queen-size bed with several large, comfortable-looking pillows decorating it. Then he turned, and saw the woman. 

She was sitting on a stool in front of a vanity, pulling an ivory brush through her long black hair. Dan noticed a thick gold bangle on her left wrist, glinting as her hands worked. The gentle, repetitive motion was oddly distracting, and it took him a moment to notice that she was naked. Well, not completely; he could see the thin black lines of a thong highlighting the plump curvature of her ass. He watched her hair sway across the pink smoothness of her back, his eyes lingering on the delicate curve of her breast. 

It took a moment before he noticed the flash on his interface: Condition: Entranced 

His thoughts stirred - how long had he been standing there? What was going on? Was this woman some kind of mage, an illusionist? And why couldn't he move? Dan's body seemed to be frozen in place, his eyes fixed on the scene in front of him. The perfume in the air, at first a pleasant oddity, now took on a sinister dimension. This was some kind of trap, a spell to lure him in and... well, do something bad, presumably. None of the forums had mentioned anything about this kind of trap; usually it was all pits and spikes and fireballs, the classics. Nothing about hot girls brushing their hair. Dan tried to keep his mind occupied, but his eyes and his thoughts kept drifting back to the woman in front of him, to the supple curves of her body. She was painfully beautiful. He had never seen someone so perfect. She was just... she was just so... 

Condition: Charmed 

It was getting worse. Dan was pretty sure players couldn't even be affected by charm, which was another problem, but he was finding it difficult to assemble his thoughts. The room was so comfortable, and it was so easy to just stand there and watch... 

The woman turned slightly to set her brush down. As she tied her hair into a simple braid, Dan noticed a pair of thin black horns protruding from her hair. Ah, so she was a demon. That explained the magic, at least. Part of him knew that this made the situation worse, but that part was struggling to persuade the rest of him that something should be done about it. The woman picked up a black satin bra from her desk, leaning forward to put it on, and Dan lost his train of thought. She reached behind her, tugging the bra on and fastening it, pulling her hair out of the way as she did so. 

He stared, open-mouthed, as she turned slightly towards him, her breasts jiggling hypnotically with the motion. They were large and firm, the bra squishing them together delightfully. She adjusted the straps in a few places, each movement wonderfully erotic. The woman stood and looked at Dan, as if noticing him for the first time. 

"Well hello," she said. Her voice was thick and sensual, sending shivers down the man's spine. "It seems I have a visitor. Have you been standing there long?" 

Dan opened his mouth to reply and found he had nothing to say. Should he explain? Should he apologize? Staring at her chest was probably the wrong response, but the way it moved as she turned... 

The woman smiled. "Ah, I see. Long enough, then. Why don't you tell me your name?" 

He licked his lips. "I'm, ah. Dan." Shit, what was he doing? He should have said his character name. 

"Very good." She was trailing her fingers along the front of her bra, occasionally sliding them up the edge of her cleavage. It was extremely distracting. "Tell me about yourself, Dan." 

"Uh. I'm a Pyromancer. I'm, uh, level 16." That was better, Dan thought, calming a little. Play it cool. Feed her some basic character info, get out of here, and start writing the weirdest bug report of your life. "I'm in the guild Steel Thunder." 

The woman pursed her lips, nodding thoughtfully, and began walking closer. She stopped less than a foot in front of Dan. The scent of her perfume was stronger now, its sweetness invading his nostrils. He could feel the heat of her body. 

"That's very nice, Daniel," she purred, "Though I sense you have more to say." She leaned forward until her breasts just brushed against his mage's robes, whispering in his ear. "I bet you'd like to tell me everything about yourself, wouldn't you?" 

Bracing himself, Dan forced his eyes shut and gritted his teeth together. He could do this. He couldn't control his character, but damn it he could control himself. 

"Such a stubborn boy." Dan could hear the pout in her voice. "But that's alright. My magic's only just started working on you, Daniel. We'll give you more time, hmm?" Dan opened his eyes as she took hold of his hand, watching helplessly as his body followed her to the bed. She eased him down, his head sinking into the pillows. He heard movement and strained to look, but couldn't make his head turn. After a moment the woman leaned over him, tugging something dark and silky over his face. Her panties, he realized, as she adjusted them to cover his mouth and nose. Surprised, Dan breathed in sharply and inhaled a lungful of the delicious, musky aroma. 

Condition: Willpower Damaged 

She giggled. "Do you like my scent, Daniel?" she asked. "Humans tend to find it intoxicating. The charm will last for quite a while yet, so you just lay there and drink it in." 

Dan tried to shift his head, but his body was still unresponsive. Holding his breath only lasted for a short time before he drew in desperate, ragged breaths full of her poisoned fragrance. 

Condition: Willpower Damaged 

It was useless. Dan could feel himself losing consciousness, a pleasant warmth overtaking him as he drew another lungful of air. 

Condition: Willpower Damaged 

Condition: Willpower Damaged 

Condition: Willpower Damaged 

"Daniel..." Was someone talking to him? Where was he? Dan's eyes opened slowly, struggling against the dim light as he took in his situation. Was he still in the game? Probably. Wherever he was, he was incredibly comfortable. He could feel soft, warm pillows pressing against him on the soft, warm bed. 

"Time to wake up, Daniel. There's something you want to tell me about." 

Dan flicked through his interface as his vision came into focus. Conditions: Charmed. Suggestible. Heightened Sensation. Pheromone High. At least he could move now. He tried to push off from the bed, but found his muscles sluggish and slow to respond. He felt fingers stroking his hair, guiding him back down into the cushions. He didn't have the strength to fight it; all he could do was tilt his head a little, to look up at angelic face smiling down at him. 

"Good boy," she murmured. Dan shivered with excitement as she spoke, and found himself staring into her soft blue eyes. "Where are you from, Daniel?" 

He half grunted, half whined. "Nooo..." Dan felt a sudden tightness in his trousers, and realized he had an erection. He was painfully hard, pressing against the confines of his [Mage's Guild Underpants]. 

"Don't be that way, dear," the woman said, trailing her finger slowly around his incredibly sensitive manhood. "You want to tell me allll your secrets, don't you? Just spill them out and give me what I want." 

The sensation was overwhelming. Dan struggled to focus and found he couldn't. "Maryland," he panted excitedly. "Annapolis." 

"Very good. And what kingdom is that in?" 

"It's, uh." Dan struggled to think, then lost himself as she trailed delicately down his shaft. "Not here, not this world. The real world. Where I'm from. I'm a player, this is a game. Not real." 

"That's very interesting, Daniel. How do you travel to my world?" 

"We, uh. The players. We use pods. Get into them, takes our mind into the game. Not the real world." 

She smirked, leaning down and kissing him gently on the mouth. Her lips were plump and soft, leaving a pleasant burning sensation where they'd touched his. Pink hearts fluttered across his vision. He felt himself buck involuntarily against her hand, desperate to be touched. "Do I feel real to you?" she asked. He nodded eagerly, and she resumed her ministrations. "Good. So you're spirit walkers, of a sort. Heroes from another world. This guild, they are your allies?" 

"Friends. Allies, yeah." Dan fidgeted in frustration. "Six of us. Five and then me. But uh. There are thousands of us. The players, I mean. From the other world." 

"Oh my," she mused, staring off in thought. "Changing times, it would seem." She leaned down and kissed him again, her tongue sliding teasingly through his teeth. Condition: Charmed flashed several times across his interface, intermixed with more fluttering pink hearts. "You want to help me, don't you Daniel?" 

Dan whined pitifully, unable to form a coherent response. Then he felt her slip inside his pants, eliciting a moan as her hand slid smoothly along his cock. 

"You want to make me happy, right?" He nodded, unable to speak, barely able to breathe as she stroked slowly and carefully, precum dribbling from his tip. "You'll do whatever I ask, because it feels sooo good to obey. You desperately want to please me, to be a good boy and submit. No one else makes you feel this way. You can feel pleasure overwhelm you as I stroke your needy cock, burning me into your mind, always in your thoughts." 

She quickened her pace, her soft fingers slick with precum as Dan writhed languidly in her grasp. "You're falling in love with me, little hero," she purred. "Once you cum for me, you'll be addicted to the pleasure only I can give. You'll want to cum over and over, to show me what a good boy you are. No other woman will be enough for you, now. You'll pleasure yourself to sleep each night we're apart, dreaming of my body." 

Dan couldn't think, mindlessly thrusting against her hand as she brought him closer to orgasm. She was so perfect. So beautiful. So sexy. He wanted to live in this moment forever. 

"Are you ready, Daniel?" the woman asked. She smiled lovingly down at him. "Ready to leak out all your thoughts and free will, ready to be mine forever? Good boy," she cooed down to him. "Cum." 

Dan exploded as she spoke, load after load splashing against her hand and staining his trousers. She held him gently as he finished, quieting his whimpers and stroking his hair. "Very good, Daniel. Doesn't that feel so much better? Let's get you cleaned up, mm? Then we can talk about your friends. I'm so eager to meet all of them."