 She found me through the internet. We were both on a website focused on fetish, including personals adds. When I saw a new message in my in-box I was scarce expecting something so exciting. Her picture showed a pretty young face, pale skin, bright red hair with bangs right down to her blue eyes rimmed with dark eyeliner. 

"Greetings of the Night" her message started. Immediately she had my attention.

I read through her message quickly, excited by what I was reading. I accepted her friend request and went through her profile. She was new to kink and inexperienced, as was I. She was a burgeoning Domme, I a burgeoning sub. I went through her profile several times, her pictures too. 

She was beautiful, short and petite with pink little nipples atop her perfect handful breasts. A sexy abdomen, not muscularly toned but soft and inviting, giving way to somewhat narrow little hips and a pert round ass. I re-read her message as I tried to decide how to respond.

The details of our early messages to each other are of little consequence here I suppose. We talked about normal things, just a little bit of sex talk. She told me her name was Raven and her unusual greeting was something she enjoyed, she being fascinated by the occult. 

She confided to me she was attracted to what I'd written on my profile. In my personal and social life I'm very much a dominant personality. I'm always in control in what social interactions I'm placed in, but also aloof some of the time. 

She, as I have found from a certain type of Domme, was in love with the idea of being in control of a big masculine man such as I. One who is seen as socially powerful. One who is tall, broad shouldered, and thick in a decidedly masculine way. One who can hold her little body in my arms and ravage her when she wants to be ravaged, and be ravaged by her when she wants to ravage. One who could overpower her, but who is completely at her mercy by my own choice.

She was also attracted to my rather above average cock. Long and thick, the hair surrounding it neatly removed beneath the moderate hair on my chest trailing down over my belly.

We decided to meet as soon as we could, and in short time we developed a relationship with each other.

Our relationship remained fairly vanilla most of the time. Our sex together was good and satisfying to us both without anything particularly kinky added. What's more, we very much enjoyed each other's company and time spent together.

Over the next few months Raven and I became more and more familiar with each other personally, emotionally, and physically. I came to trust her very much, and she I. Among the things we learned of each other were our individual interests. As I mentioned earlier Raven was fascinated by the occult. Indeed she was even part of a Coven and practiced a form of witch religion that she stated was different from Wicca.

She had all sorts of crystals, bone dice, incense, and other strange, macabre, and interesting objects of her witchcraft. I was glad she had a group of women she enjoyed sharing friendship and other emotional connections with in her Coven. I found her interest in the occult unique, cute even. With her slightly eccentric, but intellectual and down to earth personality, I never took her dablings in witchcraft as anything more than a fun interest.

I would soon learn differently.

At this point Raven and I had still mostly been living in a vanilla relationship with vanilla sex. Upon occasion she'd take a bit of control; she enjoyed marking my skin with her sharp fingernails, pinching my nipples, and telling me not to cum without her permission. But it was really just tame play, nothing like a lifestyle. Nonetheless, we were very open about our individual sexualities and the sexual aspects of our relationship.

One day, while sitting next to each other on the couch, Raven asked a question that caught me off guard. 

"There's a ritual coming up next weekend in my Coven and we're looking for a man to be part of it. Do you think that might be something you'd be interested in?"

This seemed an odd thing to me, the Coven was entirely female and I'd never heard Raven mention any men being involved in any capacity. But I was curious and expressed my interest. 

"Sure! What kind of ritual is it and why does it need a man?"

Raven hesitated and bit her lower lip in a way which made my libido instantly react, god she was beautiful. 

"We're going to try to summon a demon" she said. "A..." she paused "a succubus."

"Summon a succubus!?" I exclaimed with a smile. I still didn't see the Coven as anything other than a group of people who simply liked occultism. There was not even the first inclings in my mind at the time that such a fantastical and ludicrous thing as summoning a demon could be taken seriously.

"You mean a naked woman with horns and bat wings who feeds off the sexual energy of men?" I questioned (I'd played my fair share of RPGs).

"Yes" she said, still seeming hesitant.

"We think she might be attracted to this big thing" she said, patting my crotch. "And all that masculine sexual energy you have" she said, with a smirk on her face as she started to lighten up a bit.

I laughed, and said I'd put forth as much big dick energy as I could. She didn't laugh as I'd expected her to, instead she licked her lips just a bit and smirked again.

"That's what we'd be counting on" she said.

"There's probably some more things you should know" she explained. "There'd be six women total, and you'd be the only man. The ritual would be held in a grove in the middle of the woods on one of my sister witch's property."

She hesitated again, as if there was more she was worried about saying.

I took a wild guess "Summoning a sex demon, we'd all be dancing naked in the woods wouldn't we? Or do you and I have to have sex in the middle of a summoning circle or something while the others chant an ancient ritual?" 

Raven smiled and giggled just a little. "Well, actually, just you would be naked."

She paused and let this sink in. Ok, so I'd be naked in the middle of a forest with six women. It didn't seem so bad, I trusted Raven and from what she'd said about her witch friends they seemed like good people. I wasn't worried.

"Ok, of course, the succubus only feeds off the sexual energy of men. I get it." I said.

"Not exactly, there's more to it" she explained. "Ok..." she took a deep breath, she was clearly nervous. Probably wondering if I'd be offended by what she was going to say or possibly wondering if I'd think she was crazy.

"Only you would be naked... to start with. The succubus feeds on a man's sexual energy, that's true. But she doesn't physically manifest or anything like that. She transports her essence into a willing host and she uses that host to draw the sexual energy from the man while she also feels and feeds off the ecstasy of the host. 

"So she'll want to get as much of that energy as possible, and she'll want to feed for as long as possible."

She certainly had my interest.

"It means you'd need to be as aroused as possible, for as long as possible. We'd give you special herbs and cast spells on you that would heighten your arousal while also not allowing you to lose that arousal.

"To start with, you would be in the summoning circle by yourself, keeping yourself aroused..."

I interrupted light heartedly "So I'm going to be jacking off in the middle of six women while they cast a summoning spell?" I smiled. There were some other strange things she said but I let them slide in my mind. Again, I had no doubt that actual spell casting was completely fictitious.

"Yea pretty much" she said, smiling. "Really that's exactly what's going to happen, again though, to start with. Once you've given off enough sexual energy we will summon the succubus into a host, then that host will join you. The succubus will use that host's body to draw as much sexual energy from you as possible. She'll also, secondarily, be feeding off the sexual energy of the host.

"So, do you understand what is going to happen here?"

"Let's say I have an idea but I'd like clarification" I responded.

"It means each of my sisters and I are going to take turns hosting the succubus. And each of us are going to use your body, that nice big cock" she smiled slyly " and whatever else to completely satisfy ourselves sexually. When the host simply can't have any more orgasms the next host will take her turn. So, to put it simply, you'd be fucking and licking and fingering and whatever-else-ing the six of us to sexual exhaustion. It's probably going to be pretty taxing on you."

"Holy shit!" I said. Absolutely flabbergasted she was actually proposing this. She actually wanted me to spend a day fucking her and five other women! 

"I mean, yea! It sounds crazy. I've never done anything like that before and I think I'd be dumb to pass it up!"

Raven was extremely excited I had agreed and she hugged and kissed me for several minutes. The thoughts of this upcoming plan and Raven kneeling over my lap on the sofa while making out with me got me pretty turned on.

"What do you say we go have some practice?" I said with a smile.

Raven ground her sexy hips against my crotch and kissed me even more passionately. She leaned in close to my ear and whispered "No baby. You're not allowed to have any sexual gratification between now and the summoning next weekend."

"But bab..." I tried to say but she was already kissing me again. I was immediately sucked back into her lips.

When I finally got a chance to breathe I continued my thought "But baby, if I don't cum for, like, 10 days I'm not gonna last 30 seconds next weekend, let alone last for six women!"

"We'll take care of that babe, don't worry." And she kissed me again.

"Wait there" she said as she stood up and went into another room to fetch something. 

She came back with some crystals, incense, and charcoal. 

"Pants off" she said matter of factly. 

I complied hoping she'd changed her mind and would allow me at least this one orgasm before the 10 day wait for the next weekend. Instead, she lit the incense, and gently spread my legs apart. She knelt between them and placed the crystals on my thighs seemingly being very specific in their arrangement. 

She told me to sit still and with the charcoal she made some markings on my balls. While doing this she said some words in a language I didn't recognize. It took only a minute and actually felt kind of nice, but it definitely just made me hornier. 

"There" she said, standing and admiring her work. "That should help build your sexual energy for next weekend. I know it'll make you hornier than usual and make your balls a lot more full than usual, but we need you really built up for the summoning. We'll re-apply the sigil each day."

Raven was true to her word, and her words were true to her. Each day for the next nine she reapplied the sigil on my balls. In addition, I felt excruciatingly horny throughout the time. Just a day or two in and I couldn't remember a time I'd been more horny, even when I'd gone longer without cumming. I wrote it off to the anticipation of the summoning. What person wouldn't get extra horny knowing they would soon be involved in a big crazy orgy?

Strangely, though, my balls also felt different. I could feel them swell it seemed. They actually felt bigger than normal, like almost alarmingly so. They almost seemed to double in size and I had to readjust all the time due to the discomfort. Again, I assumed it was just my body producing extra testosterone and semen because I was so excited for my upcoming exciting sexual encounter, still not in any way thinking a spell which made me extra horny and filled my balls with an abnormal amount of cum could possibly be real.

It was everything I could do to keep from getting myself off during those 10 days. But Raven stayed at my place the whole time, and because I work from home she was able to keep a sharp eye on me. Taking on her natural Domme role and using it to evoke my natural sub role she made it clear there would be severe punishments if I came before the summoning. Somehow, I made it through to the day of the event without an accident.

Finally the day came. Raven had a surprise for me; apparently I was supposed to arrive naked and stay naked the whole time. She had a big trench coat she got from her dad, she told me to wear it along with nothing but shoes. Feeling like the stereotypical flasher, naked under my trench coat, Raven and I drove to her friend's property. At least she had me pack a set of clothing, but only for after the ritual.

As we exited the car Raven told me I had to leave the coat. I balked slightly, but knew what I was in for and when Raven shot me a look that said "do what I say right now" I was puddy in her hands. I shucked off the coat and stood from the car, completely naked to the air save some shoes protecting my feet.

As if there was nothing amiss with me being totally naked Raven introduced me to her five "sisters" as they called each other. They all went by their "witch" names. 

Dana was their leader, and the oldest of the group. She was probably in her 50s but seemed to have gone grey early. She was what one might call a spitfire; gregarious and energetic. She was even smaller than Raven, probably just a little over five feet tall and very slight in build.

Silver was hispanic, with just a slight accent, and probably in her early thirties, about the same age as I. She was a bigger girl with huge pillowy tits and soft looking lips. She had dark black hair and midnight eyes.

Denise was tall and lanky with tattoos all up and down her arms. She wore her dark hair straight with a part in the middle, both sides hanging over her cheeks and obscuring significant portions of her face. She was probably in her forties and was quiet most of the time, but had a friendly and disarming smile.

Saffron was a stunner. She had auburn hair, and she was absolutely thicc. Her huge tits looked natural and her curvy hips combined with her narrow waist to create that hourglass shape to which so many strive.

Finally there was Lidiya. Raven, in her mid twenties, already made me feel like I was robbing the cradle a bit; but Lidiya looked like she was probably still a teenager (I would later learn that she was, indeed, 18). Still retaining that slimness of youth she was a pencil of a girl with barely an ounce of fat anywhere on her including her chest where if she had any tits they were not immediately apparent. 

All six women wore black clothing, though not the frock and pointy hat job as the archetype might suggest.

Laying eyes on the five beautiful women, not to mention Raven herself, I would soon be having sex with my cock jumped to attention. I couldn't help it, I was already so horny from my 10 days of denial and my balls felt like they were going to burst. 

Upon completion of the introductions Dana looked down at my engorged cock. Truth told, I'd caught each of the women stealing glances. 

"He's very handsome and well equipped isn't he!?" exclaimed the eldest witch to everyone in general. The other witches all nodded in approval and now made no attempt to hide their intentions as they each eyed my naked and erect flesh up and down. 

"He looks so ready to burst I think the breeze might set him off!" Dana said, laughing. The other witches laughed too, Raven hardest of all.

"Let's make sure that doesn't happen. Lie down on your back please, legs spread." she instructed me.

I gave a quick glance to Raven, she smiled and gave me a nod and I complied with the instructions I was given. The grass was soft but it felt very strange to be laying on it naked, feeling its texture on parts of my body which had never been exposed to it.

Much like Raven had been doing the past several days, Dana arranged crystals and other tokens on and around my body. She took a piece of charcoal and, very delicately, began to draw patterns on both my balls and erect cock. I wasn't ready for the contact to my cock as Raven hadn't done this. I trembled at the touch, already horny and desperate for relief. The women giggled at my reaction.

I took a few deep breaths and reminded myself that very soon I'd be fucking these women and blowing my load on and in them as many times as I could manage. After just a couple short minutes Dana stood and said that she was done. 

"Those spells should hold all night." she said, and still I didn't think anything of it.

I stood and the seven of us began our trek into the woods. The women carried camping gear and materials for the ritual. I offered to help haul things, but Dana insisted I should conserve my energy. She didn't want me using any of my built up testosterone on unnecessary physical exertion.

After about half an hour we reached what appeared to be a natural clearing among the trees. I was amazed that my cock had not deflated even a little bit. It just bounced in front of me as I walked, and I felt its weight as I went. Maybe I was even hornier than I realised. 

In the clearing thick green grass grew in a blanket across the ground. I was told to simply make myself comfortable while the women set up for the ritual summoning. 

They built a modest campfire, and erected a few small tents around it. A stool and some logs to sit on were already there.

Raven made me tea and told me it was made with herbs that would help my endurance. I drank the tea, it tasted a bit like camomile. 

I dreamily watched the women work as dusk began to set in. A small distance from the camp they placed tiki torches for light in a circle about twenty feet in diameter. They also seemed to pour a granular substance from a black bag in an intricate pattern on the grass, taking up nearly all of the area inside the circle. Each witch took a turn with the bag, pouring whatever it was onto the grass.

Just as the sun was going down Dana spoke.

"It is time to begin." she said in a voice much more solemn than anything I'd heard from her. 

Raven told me to remove my shoes, which I did. She then took my hand and led me to the middle of the circle, the cool grass felt nice on my feet. 

I looked around me and in the glowing orange light of the torches I could just make out an intricate pattern drawn in the grass with the granular substance which came from the black bag. Where I stood was in the middle of this occult looking design.

"This might be a little scary, but it's ok, you won't be hurt." she reassured me. I wasn't sure what she was referring to, but I trusted her and her friends. I wasn't scared, though maybe this simply demonstrated a lack of judgement on my part. With a damp cloth Raven reached down and cleaned the charcoal designs off my cock and balls. Just as she finished she quickly grabbed my dick and gave it a few fast pumps. I immediately moaned and bent over a bit. The women all chuckled at this. Raven looked up and smiled at me, she leaned in for a kiss, and then turned to walk away.

Leaving me to stand in the design on the ground, my cock still rock hard, Raven took her position around the circle. Each of the women stood at a point of the design, evenly spaced from each other. 

Dana called to me "Please begin." she said.

I knew what was expected of me. Standing in torch light surrounded by six women in the middle of the woods I wrapped my fingers around my cock and started to jack off.

It was incredible, being so horny even just my own hand felt amazing on my long denied cock. I tried to start slowly but the desperation for release was powerful now. I moaned, grunted, and began to breathe heavily as I got into a good rhythm. 

"Yes!" Dana called out. "Surrender you sexuality to the succubus! Do not hold back in any way!" And with that she began to chant, the other women quickly joining in. I did not recognize any words they said.
