  Authors Note:

This is the next chapter in the adventures of super heroines Parabella and Deepsix.This is fairly straightforward and contains no 'serious' content - rape, BDSM etc. and is just intended as a bit of fun. All characters are over 20 years old. Hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. 

*

Parabella crouched on the gritty floor of the dark cavern and sighted along her multi gun at the creature lurking on the far side. The nanites that infused her entire system enabled her to see the beast clearly despite the lack of illumination. Its faceted green hide and towering, spired head marked the target as a Devouring Earth soldier, probably an advanced one.

Bella's finger tightened on the trigger as the creature slowly moved in her direction. The girl's stealth field should be up to the job of concealing her but it was best to be ready for the worst and a solid chunk of field accelerated lead doped with iron would put a halt to any danger the target represented. Unfortunately a shot down here would probably bring down enough reinforcements to finish her mission if not her life and that could not be tolerated, not this time, for Parabella was not in the mood to be distracted.

As she slowed her breathing to reduce the chance of being heard, the pale girl's thoughts turned to the events of the morning.

The sun rose high enough to cast its rays across Parabella's face by late morning, the light and gentle heat waking the sleeping super heroine from her deep slumber. Feeling a delicious languor, the white skinned girl stretched under the thin sheet, thrusting out her long legs and pushing her arms above her head as far as they would go so that her heavy breasts shifted up her lithe torso. Uttering a sleepy yawn, Bella flung aside the sheet and sat up.

At first she looked around at the strange room, puzzled that the surroundings were not those of her apartment in Steel Canyon. The antique furnishings were very tasteful but not really her style which ran more to glass and chrome with a gadget for every need. Looking down Parabellas confusion grew as she found her black top pulled up to her armpits above her tits, the only other thing on her body was the belt of blue and black modules that held so many useful devices. On the richly patterned carpet near the large four poster bed lay her thigh boots and skin-tight shorts.

Frowning, the girl reached up to feel her white hair in its bunches and smacked her lips together. What was I drinking last night? She thought. Nothing unusual by the feel of it, there was certainly no sign of a hangover. In fact, Bella felt fine, great even. She slid off the bed and stood, chest jiggling slightly, noticing the traces of grime that clung to her skin. 

"There was definitely a fight," she said, brow furrowing a little in thought. "But then..." She shrugged and strode over to an open door, hoping for a bathroom.

The white tiled room held a shower cubicle, a sink and a toilet which the heroine gratefully sat on and pissed contentedly, whistling a little tune. After finishing, Parabella walked in to the shower and turned on the water before squeaking with shock as the icy stream sprayed across her chest. She quickly turned the heat to maximum, the way she liked it. As the water became hot and her almost painfully taut nipples softened, the girl began to soap her body with the shower gel provided and tried to recollect the events of the previous day more clearly.

Standing under the almost scalding water the heroines mind drifted, seeking any hints that would unlock her memories. Her pale hands swept bubbles down both arms and across her belly, she reached up to remove the ties that kept her hair up and let the steaming water cascade over her face and head, damping down her hair so that it fell down her back. Squirting more gel from the bottle Bella soaped her jutting breasts, kneading the firm flesh with both hands and she felt a memory almost surface. She slid her hands down and back to clean the marble curves of her arse.

There had been a fight, that was for sure, and Deepsix had been with her. The girl's right hand slid around her slick body and dipped down to between her legs, across her shaven mound, smooth as a cue ball. There had been something to do with stealing vital information on some research the Council had been conducting...Her index finger stole between the folds of her pussy without her volition. The two of them had got an emergency teleport out...to this place and...

Parabella gasped as she realised what her hand was doing and stopped. It was no good, the memory was too faint still. Something was there, confused impressions of heat and warm flesh like an erotic dream but without a solid image. Rinsing off the soap and halting the flow of water she stepped out, wrapping one large towel around her body and another around her hair.

Deepsix would know what happened, her friend was always so together and this place was bound to have comms gear.

Back in the bedroom the pale girl swiftly activated the imager in the dressing table and set it to call the last location dialled.

The image in the mirror cleared after a moment showing Azuria, one of Deep's contacts with the mission room of Atlas Park's town hall in the background.

"Hey Az," said Parabella, "how's things?"

The dark haired woman smiled, "Parabella, good to see you up and about again."

"Yeah, about that. I've got a bit of a memory dysfunction thing going on here. Was I injured yesterday? And where's Deepsix? I get the feeling she should be here for some reason but it's all a bit mixed up."

Azuria gave her a keen glance. "You don't remember at all?"

"Nope," said Bella, "not a thing."

"Well you did get hit by some new kind of Council bioweapon. Normally we would have got you here for treatment but time was short so we had to get Deepsix to administer the, er...cure to you straight away."

Parabella thought the woman was giving her a bit of a funny look, almost as if she was having trouble not giggling.

"Actually Parabella, I'm glad you called. I sent Deepsix out on an important task early this morning and she hasn't called in yet, we're getting worried. She said that she would leave you a note but can I give you the co-ordinates that I sent her? It could be trouble and I would be grateful if you could check it out as soon as you can."

"Sure Az, I'll get right on it. Sent the data to my belt comp and I'll do what I can."

"Thanks Parabella, over and out." The mirror returned to its normal state.

Slightly worried now, the white skinned heroine discarded her towels and while putting her hair back up in her preferred bunches, retrieved her belt. A soft blue glow illuminated one of the links indicating that information had been received. Fixing the device around her naked hips so that the modules made contact with her skin, Parabella accessed the data, relaying it to the HUD that flashed into existence before her right eye. The co-ordinates indicated a sub cellar in Eden, one of the most dangerous places in Paragon City and Bella's heart thudded as she felt a wave of concern for her friend.

Quickly casting around she found a folded note on the bedside table where she should have easily found it if she had been thinking straight, it said:

Bella, please forgive me for leaving you but I have to go on a mission of vital importance. This could be the end of one of our most bitter enemies otherwise I would stay to apologise. Please forgive me for what I have done; I felt it was the only way to save your life and I meant you no harm.

Your friend, Deepsix.

Puzzled, Parabella dropped the note and grabbed her clothes. What could be so bad? She thought. She felt fine.

Unlike her outfit as it turned out. The boots were okay but her top was filthy and her shorts were just...phew, they smelt like a wash basket in a gym changing room.

Time was of the essence and so the girl threw open all the draws and cupboards in the room in a whirlwind of activity, her urgency to find some thing to cover her nakedness driving her on until she had just enough to do.

Only just enough, she thought as she posed on front of the mirror. Most of the clothing was for men and there was no way she was going out in a dinner suit ten sizes too big no matter what. All that Bella had found was a set of dainty, black bikini briefs and a short black slip that stretched as it barely contained her full breasts, the slim shoulder straps biting slightly into her flesh. Those and her thigh boots would just have to do, she thought as she looked back over her shoulder at the reflection of her pearly buttocks in the mirror, there was not time to search the whole house. Thank god for the stealth field generator or the whole city would be watching some video of her barely covered arse and straining tits on U Tube within the hour.

Her gun!

Rushing downstairs, Parabella quickly found her most precious possession and hugged the huge, multi barrelled weapon to her chest, tits squashing against its hard length. Snatching up the targeting drone that she must have left there last night, the super heroine activated the stealth field and throwing the wide doors of the house open, flung herself into the sky to rescue her friend.

And here she was, thought Parabella. After a hurried journey including a few wardrobe malfunctions and a moment when a collision with a flying bird had turned off the stealth effect, exposing her to a bunch of office workers on the thirtieth floor of an office building for a moment. Then sneaking her way past more Devouring Earth than she liked to think about, she was almost as deep into the subterranean complex as a person could get. The towering sentry finally moved off, driven by whatever instincts the savage but not very intelligent creatures possessed, leaving a set of incongruously old oak doors free for Parabella to approach.

The problem here was that while Parabella was fully capable of evading any patrol or foiling any security system with her natural talents, cunning devices and nanotech wetware, she had to get through the doors. Down in these ancient caves there was a distinct lack of ventilation ducts or alternate routes to take advantage of and anyone on the other side of the entryway could not help but notice the doors open even if the person passing through was invisible.

What to do? Go in hard and fast or slow and sneaky and just hope no-one was nearby. Parabella's brow furrowed with thought as she slunk across the stalagmite-ridden chamber. The doors did not seem to be encumbered with a modern security system although they were covered with ancient looking symbols. The pale girl hoped there was nothing magical about them, she hated magic.

Carefully, she pressed one pointed ear against the dark wood and listened intently. Nothing. Was it because there was nothing on the other side or because the wood was too thick? Bella tried too peer through the narrow gap where the two doors joined, wriggling with discomfort as the tight thong bit into the crack of her arse and eased it out with one hooked finger.

Well no point in waiting, she thought as she stood. There were no enemies behind that she could detect but delaying any longer would only increase the chances of a patrol coming in to the cavern and slowing her progress further. 

Pulling at the straining camisole in an unconscious gesture of modesty, Parabella stood and readying the multi gun, pushed slowly at the door.

Surprisingly, the door swept smoothly open letting a bar of yellow light spill across the rough stone floor. Swiftly Parabella slide through the narrow gap and closed the portal behind her. She scanned the new area. This was not right, she thought. There was a wide corridor leading off about fifty meters, completely covered in polished wood, panelled on the walls and high ceiling and laid out in closely fitted planks on the floors. Looking very out of place, various items of tech had been bolted to the walls at many points as if installed with no regard for the nature of the surroundings. Clearly there was electrical power here as some of the bulky units made whirring sounds and most had lights glimmering.

Parabella took a deep breath, the cool air conditioned atmosphere containing a strong hint of furniture wax and ozone and driving the dank mustiness of the caves from her lungs. Creeping stealthily forward the girl examined the nearest unit, reassuring herself that it had no security function and was probably to do with a distributed signal network. Further down she came across the first sign that she was on the right track. There was a large splintered scar across the woodwork and one of the metal boxes had been half torn from the wall, a clear result of a glancing hit from one of Deepsix's sonic blasts.

Pausing, Bella frowned, a memory almost rising to conscious level. Deepsix was here definitely and she must help the blue girl, that was more important than anything because Bella had to...give her something? Shaking her head and ignoring a sudden warmth in her loins Parabella reached the far door.

Again these were out of place, steel slabs with an electronic lock and small reinforced glass panels in each one. Carefully the gun girl peered through one hoping the stealth field would hide the lambent glow of her blue eyes from any observer beyond.

The circular chamber was massive, as wide as Atlas Park's city hall and several stories high. It must have originally been a library as ranks and ranks of volumes covered the walls with walkways and ladders giving access right up to the ornately domed ceiling. Evenly spaced around were tall stained glass windows, illuminated from behind to show off the rich colours of intricate pictures. That was unusual, the pale girl thought, there must be lights behind because the chamber was at least a hundred meters below the surface. Scattered around were big leather armchairs and couches with lamps and small tables placed conveniently near for the convenience of readers using the place.

However, the ambience of the place was shattered by the many steel tables and benches dotted around occupied by large computers and wide monitors displaying reams of scrolling data and shifting charts. Attending many of these were human figures in sterile overalls and goggles, intent upon their work. Parabella's eyes narrowed, they were Cray technicians. What the hell? She thought. 

But then her gaze turned to the centre of the vast room and her face set with anger as her target was revealed.

Three conical shield generators were arranged in a circle four meters wide and pointed inwards. Armoured cables led from them to big high density batteries that must have been able to supply a staggering amount of power. Between the doors and the force field stood a tall, slim female figure wearing a long coat, her hands clasped together behind her back as she gazed straight forward.

Looking over the woman's head, Parabella could not repress a low growl of anger. Suspended a meter off the ground by the spherical, green power field hung Deepsix. The heroine struggled mightily against its grip, breast heaving and long legs grinding together with exertion, arcs of electricity crackling around her clenched fists.

"The hell with this," muttered Parabella, setting her jaw and stepping back, "no-one does that to Deep!"

She levelled the multi gun and fired a high-ex grenade straight at the join of the doors. The explosion was almost completely directed toward the towering chamber and blasted the twisted steel barriers twenty meters away. Charging through the smoke left by the detonation Parabella immediately laid down a barrage of fire at the enemy techs who after a second of surprise, snatched up their own weapons to defend themselves. 

Parabella mentally disarmed the stealth field as it would not stand up to this kind of scrutiny and the energy could be put to better use. If the Cray staff were surprised by the tall, scantily clad heroine charging at them they did not show it.

Parabella fired a scatter shot burst at the closest group, barely pausing to watch them being punched off their feet in a shower of blood before nimbly dodging aside to avoid a cryo ray and putting a heavy slug through the torso of the man who fired it. Normally Bella, like any of Paragon City's heroes, would use less lethal methods but the sight of Deepsix in such obvious danger fired her blood and swept away any inhibitions she may have had.

Continuing to run forward the pale girl swept her gun from left to right, delivering bursts of auto fire and explosive rounds, causing havoc in the enemy ranks. One Cray tech hit her with a volley of shots but the small calibre bullets slid from her soft but abnormally tough skin. It didn't do much for her top though, ripping the flimsy material. Parabella sent a mini missile into the workbench next to him, shredding five men with the shrapnel.

Thirty meters in the gun girl paused, her berserk state not preventing her from sensing that the opponents were getting organised. The remaining techs were bringing up heavier weapons and the female figure, visibly quivering with rage and shouting orders over the noise of combat, seemed to be activating controls on one forearm although it was difficult to see as she was backlit by the force field.

The pale skinned super heroine sized up the situation instantly, bringing up a tactical program on her internal systems and dashed to one side, enemy fire blasting holes in the shelves of books behind her. Reaching the allotted position, Parabella flicked off the safety on her multi gun and braced herself, feet planted wide. She pulled the trigger hard and rocked back as a torrent of smart munitions ripped though the remaining lined up techs, the barrel flash strobing through the huge room. Equipment shattered and bodies were flung about as Bella hosed a wide area, a snarl of satisfaction creasing her pretty face. A second was all it took and she released the trigger, the echoing roar subsiding.

But Parabella knew it was not over. The female leader had been at the periphery of the assault and the girl's enhanced senses detected a personal shield around her, some sort of kinetic absorption field it seemed.

Parabella strode forward through the cloud of propellant smoke, her long legs eating up the intervening distance. "Release Deepsix now and I'll go easy on you," she shouted. "Make a wrong move and I'll put a hole in you so big I'll be able to walk right through it!"

Closer now the woman was clearly visible. Although tall and slender she was still not up to Bella's six foot four; the woman's tight coat was buttoned from throat to waist showing the curves of her body. Her legs were clothed in dark trousers and knee length black boots. Her haughty, sensual face was young and pale skinned, her hair long and dark.

"It's not that I don't appreciate the unaccustomed ruthlessness with which you dispatched these minions, " the woman drawled, "but don't you think you are a little under dressed for the occasion?"

Looking down Parabella took in her torn slip, more suitable for the bedroom than the battlefield and plucked a deformed bullet from her pale cleavage where the garment pushed the ample tits together.

She flung the bullet to one side with a dismissive gesture.

"Whatever does the trick lady, now release her."

The woman drew herself up, shoulders pulling back. "I don't think so darling, you have no idea who I am, do you?"

Parabella looked over to Deepsix who, teeth clenched, seemed to be increasing her attempts to free herself and felt her insides churn with unexpected emotion.

"Lady, I don't give a damn who you are. You got five seconds to turn that thing off before I take you down and do it myself,"

The woman sneered, "Of course," she raised an instrument clad forearm and touched a glowing control. "This should do it."
