 Dan woke to blurred vision and muddy thoughts, images flickering across his HUD that he could neither read nor understand. Was he still on the bed? Probably, given how comfortable he felt. He breathed in tentatively and coughed at the now familiar scent of the demon's perfume. The previous night's events (or had it been morning?) trickled into his weary mind, shame flushing his cheeks. He hadn't fought at all - how was that possible? Hadn't even tried to resist. And he'd told her everything. 

Dan had lain in her bed, smiling happily, as the demon suggested topics of conversation. He had told her about his university, his engineering program, which classes he was taking, why they were important to him. He'd talked about the world he lived in, and how it was different from the world of Saga Online. He had explained virtual reality in as much depth as he could, and talked about similar games he'd played in the past. 

She'd suggested a change of topic, and he told her about every girl he'd ever dated, or wanted to date, or thought was really hot. Then about all his fantasies, everything that turned him on, and what most people in his world found attractive. They'd discussed his friends in great detail, what things interested them, what kind of lives they led. He rambled, uninhibited, for hours, and she occasionally asked questions or steered the conversation down a different course. 

There was probably more, but he couldn't bring himself to remember. She'd told him to sleep, and he had slept. 

Feeling pressure on the bed, Dan strained to bring his eyes into focus. 

Conditions: Willpower 0%. Compelled arousal. Forced erection. 

The charm was gone, at least. Dan willed his weakened body to move with moderate success, raising his left arm and flexing his fingers. 

"Ready to begin?" purred a sultry, feminine voice. She was sitting on the bed, Dan realized as his vision finally cleared. Soft layers of black hair framed her perfect face and full, plump lips, falling down to highlight the voluptuous swell of her breasts, which spilled slightly over the top of a translucent black bra. She reached up to brush a strand of hair from her face, her elegant gold bracelet falling to her elbow with the motion. She smiled. 

Condition: Entranced flickered across his view. Dan tried to be irritated, but was too distracted. 

"What, uh," he began. Why was his mouth so dry? "What do you mean?" 

"I'm going to drain you, Daniel. It's how succubi feed." She reached out, sliding a hand slowly up his leg. 

"Well..." Dan stammered, "Well, um, is that bad? For me?" 

"You'll enjoy this. They all do." She crawled between his legs. Dan tried to back away as she slid her hands up his thighs, but kept getting distracted by the sway of her breasts. "I'll take care of you, not to worry. Being drained by a succubus is the most pleasurable way a man can die." 

Dan sat up, adrenaline forcing his muscles into action. "No, I've got to get out of here, you can't just - " he began to say. Then her lips touched the tip of his cock, and Dan collapsed back into the pillows. 

Pink hearts filled his vision for a moment as she kissed gently down his shaft, leaving a trail of black lipstick marks. She licked teasingly around the head before taking him into her mouth. Dan moaned as she enveloped his cock, sliding her tongue along the underside in a sensual, practiced motion. 

Her eyes met Dan's as she pulled back, carefully wiping a strand of saliva from the corner of her mouth. "You were saying, Daniel? Shall I stop?" She smiled wickedly at him, running her tongue along her lips. 

"No, god, please, more..." 

"Are you sure? I wouldn't want to upset you," she mused, trailing a fingertip casually around the head of his member. 

Dan's cock throbbed, desperate to be touched, trembling with desire. 

"Did you know succubi fluids are an aphrodisiac, Daniel?" she continued. "It works quite quickly when you've no willpower left." 

He whimpered as she caressed him. "Please, I need you. Anything, please, don't stop..." 

"Poor boy," she murmured, brushing her lower lip across the head. "But you did ask so nicely." She licked up the underside of his shaft before taking him into her mouth again, and Daniel sighed with relief as his body went limp. 

She toyed with him skillfully, bringing to the edge of orgasm before stopping and holding him in her mouth as he twitched, just unable to release. Her delicate hands cradled his balls, caressing them tenderly as she teased him. 

Mind overwhelmed by the sensation, Dan writhed in a haze of ecstasy. After what seemed an eternity she brought him to the brink and kept going, her tongue swirling around his cock with increasing intensity until the dam broke. Dan groaned, body shuddering as he spurted down her throat over and over, the demon greedily swallowing each mouthful. He relaxed back into the sweat-soaked sheets, weary beyond words. 

The text Energy Drain: Level Down flickered over his head in red lettering. Energy Drain: Level Up, in green text, flickered over hers, repeating four more times before it stopped. This was followed by, Condition: Exhaustion, and Willpower: 20%. 

The succubus sat up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, looking herself up and down. "It seems I've taken some of your strength, Daniel, and you're still alive. I've never drained an adventurer before." She stretched languidly, the motion accentuating her curves, before fixing her eyes on him with a predatory expression. She ran her hands over her breasts, bringing a fleck of cum from her cleavage and sucking it sensually from her finger. "I'm still so hungry, Daniel. Would you mind if I took some more?" 

Dan's mind swam, exhaustion and fear warring with desire as he felt a semblance of self-control return. "N-n..." he croaked, but the words wouldn't come. He tried to force himself out of the bed, willing his traitorous limbs into motion, feebly struggling to prop himself with his arms. 

"Perhaps I can persuade you, Daniel." She crawled on top of him, the nearness of her body renewing his erection immediately. She pivoted around, pinning his arms with her legs and straddling his head with her hips. The warmth of her enveloped him, the silken fabric of her panties snuggling temptingly against his face. She reached down, pulling them to the side and pressing the slick folds of her pussy against his nose. The scent of her body was overpowering, the warm sweetness of her invading his nostrils. 

"No need to struggle," she purred, wrapping her hand around his hard cock, still slick with saliva. She began to stroke him, slowly. "All you have to do is taste my pretty little pussy, Daniel, and I'll give your cock what it wants. I can feel your lust building up. It's so close, and it smells sooo nice. Mmm, and you're so eager to cum for me, aren't you? That's it, such good boy." 

Dan couldn't stop himself. The scent, her touch, her gentle voice lulling him into submission... It was too much. He tasted the sweet, pungent flavor of her body, and was soon nuzzling and licking feverishly. The succubus smiled, lowering her head and slipping his cock into her mouth. 

Dan lapped obediently at his captor as she drained him, worshipping her body. She coaxed his aching cock to ejaculate over and over, swallowing each load hungrily. Each time he came Dan felt more aroused. Addiction: Succubus Fluid and Addiction: Succubus Drain flickered unread across his HUD. He needed to cum for her, needed her to drain him so he could feel this way forever. She was a goddess, his goddess, sexy and beautiful and seductive and gentle and perfect. He passed out briefly, reawakening to explode once more into her waiting mouth. 

The succubus slid off him, rolling onto her back. She sighed heavily, then was still. 

Dan lay, unable to move, for half an hour, before a spark of awareness returned to him. The demon's breathing had changed, slow and rhythmic. Was she asleep? He didn't dare to turn and look at her. With a tremendous force of will, Dan began to whisper the incantation for his Inner Fire spell. Warmth flooded his body as he completed it, energy trickling back into his limbs. 

This was his chance. Ignoring the status effects that splattered across his vision each time he moved, Dan rolled himself off the bed, landing on a patterned rug with a soft thunk. Ten more minutes later, he sat up. Eventually he got his legs under him, then staggered to his feet before moving to the door. She was still back there, he knew, but he was trying not to think about it. Need to leave. Need to leave. Get to a waystone, log out, then figure out what the hell had just happened. 

Out the first door, down the white hallway filled with flickering shadows, through the second door and out into the open. The sunlight was blinding. Remembering how to pull up his map, Dan oriented himself and began walking. It was only half an hour to the waystone. He could do this. 

Dan collapsed against the standing stone, laid his hand against the blue-tinted runes that lit its surface. "Log out," he muttered. There was a quick flash of blue light, then darkness before he woke up in bed, in his apartment. In the real world. He pulled back his waistband and glanced downard, just to be sure, and was pleased (for the first time) to note himself unmolested. 

"Fuck. God damn. Fuck. Shit." Dan realized he was panting, fought to slow his breathing. He stood up, careful to maintain his balance. Equilibrium often shifted when coming out of VR. He was hungry, but that would have to wait. How long had he been in there? Damn it, almost 12 hours. He'd gone past the recommended VR time limit before, of course, but never unintentionally. 

Saga online succubus, he googled. The only result was some guy complaining that the devs should include some in the game, for eye candy, and people telling him to stop being ridiculous. Saga online charm player. Empty. Damage willpower. Nothing except for an Enchanter spell that wasn't worth casting, and it only worked on monsters. There was nothing about them in wiki, even after searching the entire section on demons. Mostly they just threw fire or tried to stab you. He frowned. Saga Online sexual content. There was a post by Reveille Games, explaining that while consenting adults where free to do what they wanted with each other while inside the VR construct, they had no plans to include overtly sexual content in the game at any point in the future. You had to be 18 to play, of course, but they felt it would detract from what the game was about - killing monsters and taking their stuff, presumably. 

Maybe it was someone writing code on their own? He didn't know enough about programming or game development to know if that was likely, or even possible, but probably not. Dan exhaled slowly, trying to keep himself calm. Frustration gave way to bodily functions, as his need to eat and use the bathroom won out over curiosity and frustration. An hour later, half of a cheeseburger in hand, it occurred to him to access his account through the computer. Blaize Firewilde, Pyromancer, Level 7. She'd stolen 9 levels from him? That had taken weeks of gameplay to accomplish, and it was gone in half a day. 

Still, it had really been something, hadn't it? Dan hadn't gotten laid very often in his life, but he knew that had been extraordinary. How could someone have programmed that? If they had, why weren't they selling that program? He tossed his wrapper into the trash bin, washed the grease off his hand, and lay down on his bed. He had homework to do before Monday, but tiredness was catching up to him, and he'd still have tomorrow. God, that had been hot. And it wasn't real, right? So what was the harm? He'd just avoid that area from now on. 

Memories he'd been trying to suppress crept back into his mind as he reviewed what had happened with the succubus, while his hands unbuttoned his jeans and tossed them on the floor. He couldn't share that with the guys, it was just too weird. How was he going to explain the levels he'd lost, though? A glitch? It didn't really make sense, but what else was he going to say? Dan's mind wandered over the soft, perfect curves of the demon who'd imprisoned him. He slipped down his boxers, jerked off thinking about her, and fell asleep.