 *** 

Sarkopheros Says: 

As promised, the second installment of Sunderscape is here! Just in time to give you a white Christmas. 

This issue is mostly one long sex scene, so if you were hoping for more information about the setting, you'll have to wait till part 3. But I'm sure you'll enjoy this! Femdom, hyper dick, cum inflation, face-sitting, demon princess, literal blowjob! Come on in! 

All characters are over 18. Usage of the term "boy" is because Chris is a lot younger than Shakti, but still of legal age. 

*** 

"And that's not all!" Shakti kept pulling, revealing inch after thigh-thick inch of an incredible flesh-column. Veins thicker than his fingers pulsed on its surface. The behemoth just kept going and going and going! It towered above him, an imposing monolith that Chris could barely believe was attached to him. A Galatea wrapped her hands around it ... even with both, she couldn't get all the way around! 

The sleeve popped off the end, revealing a melon-sized glans. It poured precum. 

"Oh my God!" cried Chris. 

"No, oh your aunt!" retorted Shakti. She proudly rubbed her hand over his titanic new organ, smiling like an artist admiring their handiwork. Steaming-hot precum rolled down its length, cascading over her fingers. "This came out well! Now you're ready for the next part of your training, dear." 

"Mmgh!" grunted Chris. Holy shit, that thing is attached to me! "What the hell did you do?!" He reached down and poked the cock. The sensation of his fingertip sinking into its hot surface reached his brain immediately. He gripped it with both hands. It pulsed under his palms. It shouldn't have surprised him that he couldn't get his own hands around the yard-long monster. "O-oh my God ... what ... this is ... fucked!" 

"Just like you're going to be," laughed Shakti. "Get up, try that thing out! Get used to it!" She slipped out of his lap and stood in front of him, taking his wrists to pull him out of the couch. 

Chris grunted and managed to find his feet despite the shock, arousal, and hookah-haze. He still wasn't even sure what all had been in the bowl. Hookahs were supposed to be filled only with tobacco, right? Everything felt weirdly smooth... Was that what nicotine did? 

Flop. His new monster swung forward, slapping Shakti between the tits and splattering a cupful of precum all over her breasts and face. Pleasure shot through his cock. Chris let out a needy moan. "Haaaugh! I feel it! I feel everything from it!" He felt the way the air touched every new square foot of cock and sack-skin, cooling the liquid on their surfaces. Chris could feel the tug at his body, the heaviness of his balls sitting against his thighs. Even the movement of pre through his organ's throat was palpable. 

She sputtered and laughed, licking her lips. Abruptly, she backed away, pushing his cock away from her. 

No longer supported by her plush brown body, the monster's weight yanked him forward. Chris stumbled forward, finding himself entirely off-balance. He tried to correct, but to no avail! When he tried to put his foot forward, he couldn't swing his leg because the warm balloon of his incredibly-heavy testicle was in the way. Those titanic nuts pulled at his groin, their great mass swinging forward. "Whooooa-ooh!" Globs of precum splattered. His nuts sloshed. Chris stepped in a slick little splat of his own making. His feet left him. 

Chris toppled face forward into the rug, his cock thumping first, his face bouncing against the pulsing surface of his own incredible organ. His gigantic balls were under his thighs, propping his rear half up. 

Perhaps the most surprising part of all this was that he didn't feel any pain at all. If anything, the impact and pressure on his newly-enlarged balls felt good. Chris moaned. The luxurious pile of the rug tickled and rubbed all of his yard-long erection. It caressed his nuts as his legs mushed them into them from above. 

"Aunt Shakti! What did you do?!" he whined. 

"Awwh, you called me 'Aunt!' Isn't that sweet?" she chuckled. "And I gave you what most men can only fantasize about, dear. Virility beyond compare. You're going to need it." 

He looked over his shoulder, spreading his leg and trying to get to all fours. It was incredibly awkward with his gigantic foot-diameter nuts between his knees, and he found it almost impossible. Glorph. A goopy, gurgly noise. "What was that?" He grunted. In this position, his newly-monstrous cock hung well below him, its grapefruit-sized glans resting against the rug and drooling into it. Chris moved again. Glurglh. That was when he realized the noise was coming from his balls. 

Footsteps. He looked back. Shakti lifted one of her feet, wiggled her toes, and planted it directly atop his left nut. CHLOORGLH. 

"Mmmhaagh!" keened Chris, closing his eyes. Pleasure shot through and from his nut as his aunt teased it with her foot. She pushed her heel into its surface, and instead of pain, it felt wonderful. The added bulk of his balls turned what should have been agony into ecstasy. Those giant nuts rumbled deeply, palpable as all that spunk inside moved around. 

"That's just a taste," purred Shakti. She turned and sat back down on the couch, crossing her thick thighs. "Help him up." 

Strong arms wrapped around his own, and two Galateas hauled him up to his feet. But instead of freaking out about the weird maids, he was too busy freaking out about his weird dick. It jutted far out from his body, bouncing, stretching for a surreal length. Chris just couldn't get over it. It just went out so far. His heart was racing. And with every beat, the thumb-thick veins on its surface pulsed. With every bounce of its monster head, he felt a little jolt. 

The weight pulled at his groin. Weirdly, as heavy as they were, Chris felt more like he was off-balance than overburdened. "It weighs a ton!" 

"I'd be surprised if it broke thirty pounds," mused Shakti. "Still, as part of the alterations, I made you stronger, so once you get used to the weight you should be fine." 

"What?!" Chris yelled. "This is permanent?!" 

Shakti nodded. "It's yours to keep, dear!" 

"Who the hell would want to be this big?!" Chris looked down, then back at Shakti. "This ... this is so fucked. You couldn't have asked?!" 

Shakti smirked. "Well, would you have believed me? Let me show you why this is a gift." She nodded at the Galateas. 

As soon as they released him, his giant balls and cock pulled him forward again. Chris grabbed the edge of the table, managed not to knock the hookah over, rolled, and fell flat on his back. "Whoof!" 

"I suppose that will do." Shakti jiggled toward him and smirked. "Now let's get started, shall we?" 

"What are you going to do?" gasped Chris. Shakti was looming over him. Then another shadow entered his vision. The demon princess stood above him, staring down imperiously, ice to Shakti's fire. 

"We will initiate you," explained Zaviir. 

Shakti chuckled. "You've got to get used to your new size so you can do your job, Chris! Mmmh. Look at you, such a powerful little stud. They're going to love you." She turned around, giving him an eyeful of her epic brown ass. That epic ass came lower and until it engulfed his nuts. 

He cried out again. "Hmmmaugh! F-fuck ... oh, that's ... mmmh!" 

Chris looked down. His aunt's soft rump spread over his titanic balls, engulfing their tops. Caramel smothered pale gold. Her rear just so big—even more so than his sack! Shakti looked back over her shoulder and smirked. 

"Your ass is gigantic!" he moaned. 

"Isn't it? It's the most epic ass you'll ever see, dear," she chuckled, just before she began to wiggle her hips from side to side. 

Chris closed his eyes tightly. He could feel slick flesh slipping against each other, the fat of her enormous rear massaging his nuts. Schlrrsch-schlrrsch. Chris swore he could feel his sperm raging inside. The enormous maw of his cock was in his face, and steaming-hot precum began pouring out of it. 

He sputtered as his own viscous, steamy-slimy fluid began to fill his mouth, then grunted and turned his head to the side, having no choice but to gulp some of it down. Chris gasped for air. The fluid clung to the sides of his throat, and it was hot as it made its way down. More of it rolled down his cheek and neck, some of it coursing past his earlobe. 

"Heh. How do you taste?" asked Shakti. 

"It's ... mmmh ... kinda salty, so slick! Like ... weird ... salad dressing...?" he panted, barely able to form words at the moment. 

" 'Weird salad'— pfft." Shakti guffawed. 

Zaviir, at some point, had become naked. The princess's iron-grey skin was on full display. Her body was lithe and toned, her entrance completely bare. She loomed over him, shaking her head. "Such a pathetic little creature. You should feel lucky." 

"Why?" moaned Chris. 

"Because today, I will give you such great privilege. Privilege greater beings would die for." Zaviir began to lower herself. Her toned grey bubble butt dropped toward him, filling his vision. 

"What the hell are you— Hrrmmph!" Oh my god, she sat on my face! Her hot muff mushed into his mouth. His nose pushed into her taint, her toned cheeks around his forehead. She said something, but he wasn't sure what. This was all so bizarre. 

Chris moaned and inhaled deeply. It was a deep, strange scent. The poor boy didn't have much experience with human vaginas, but he knew they didn't smell like this. 

It was a deep, dark scent. Sexual and musky, yes, but in a good way. Zaviir's nethers smelled sort of like ... some kind of burnt, sweet herbs. That was the closest thing he could think of. It sort of stung at first. Perhaps it was even a bit unpleasant to begin with. But the more he smelled it, the more he liked it. 

So he inhaled deeply, groaning at her scent. He could feel sharp nails trailing along his cock's underbelly, and he let out a needy moan. There was the vague murmur of conversation. Zaviir ground down into his face. Not knowing what else to do, Chris started to lap at her pussy. When he did that, her hand gripped his scalp and claws scratched at the back of his head. 

He slurped and lapped, not really sure what went where. His tongue's tip slipped up into her slit. A little pointy, rubbery nub pushed into his nose. Was that a clit? Chris didn't know, but he licked it. The demon's pussy didn't strike him as entirely human in anatomy, either, though again, his knowledge was lacking. Still, he was fairly sure that human labia didn't have ridges and little points on them and that human clits didn't come to a point. 

She lowered herself, increasing the pressure. Her claws dug into his scalp. His aunt's fat ass kept grinding into his balls. Hot weight came down on his thighs as something fleshy engulfed them. Hot and slick. Chris didn't know what it was. 

Zaviir made an inhuman growling noise. A demon. A real-life demon. Chris's mind still couldn't grasp it. While he had difficulty concentrating on anything resembling rational thought, the subconscious niggling lingered there. He'd met an authentic demon, and then instead of killing him she'd promptly sat on his face. 

Then he felt cold against his balls and the weight disappeared. Shakti had gotten up. Soft, dainty hands slipped along the slick surface of his gigantic organ. He could feel it being hefted till it was upright. Chris moaned into Zaviir's pussy. Muffled talking came from the women. Hands wrapped around the base of his fleshy titan. They gripped tightly, coaxing another moan from him. 

A foot on his balls. Thanks to Shakti, he now knew exactly what that felt like. Wait, no, a foot on each—"Haaugh!" he cried out. Shakti was standing on his swollen nuts! He could feel her feet sinking into them, putting pressure on them, compressing all the sloshing, writhing sperm within. It sort of hurt, but it also felt incredibly good! The hands supporting his cock slid up near the head. 

Zaviir ground down into his face. Spicy juices rolled down over his nose and into his mouth. The taste was intoxicating. It stung his tongue, tasting alien and delicious, that sweet-burnt-herbs scent now manifesting as flavor. 

Now something hot and wet pressed against the tip of his cock. He heard a high-pitched moan from his aunt. Fleshy, silky-smooth skin caressed his tip. It slipped lower, lower, engulfing the giant head of his cock, squeezing tightly, almost strangling, but loose enough to actually be pleasant. Hot juices rolled down his column of flesh. 

The silkiness sank lower over his cock, engulfing more and more of its yard-long length. He felt the pressure on his nuts subside as the feet withdrew from them. Wet heat sank down, down, clutching his titanic organ. He remembered the one hand job he'd received so long ago. That had seemed like ecstasy way back when ... but this? This was on a completely different level. What he felt now was what cocks were meant for! And he had so much cock! 

Chris could barely concentrate on anything else. Raw pleasure gripped his body. Lighting shot through him from his cock. He arched his back. The feet dug into his balls. Zaviir used his face as a seat. He could feel trickling streams of his own juices. Then he felt something hot and plush engulf his torso. His balls felt so tight, pressure ramping up, up. That hot and heavy thing pinned his legs down. Zaviir ground into his face, reminding him to lick her. 

But he didn't. Chris cried out into her pussy and reached up, grabbing blindly till he felt flesh that wasn't his. His hands were on a pair of hips so wide they could only belong to one person. Shakti. That meant there was only one place his cock could be. 

"Aaauuugh!" He screamed. "I'm gonna—" 

Whether anyone heard him was a mystery his mind had no time to dwell on. His balls tightened. Fire exploded, a storm rumbled, and every nerve lit up. Chris tried to arch his back, but the weight atop his was too great. His fingertips dug into Shakti's hips. No, his mind had no room for anything else right now. 

Then he felt the squeeze. The detonation in each testicle. The pressure spiking. Chris could actually feel the tubes inside his body dilating, they were so big. He could feel the raging liters of sperm flowing from his balls. He felt it as his cock's throat felt with boiling-hot liquid of such volume and pressure that it stretched wider simply to accommodate it. And he felt it as that liquid reached the tip and escaped. 

GLOOOOOOORCH! His cock recoiled like a fleshy cannon. Miles away, part of his subconscious mused on the fact that cocks could recoil. He felt the fleshy walls pull away as semen flooded Shakti. The first wad flowed for what felt like hours. Jizz roiled around his cock like a storm. 

Light! Zaviir stood up and moved away. Chris spared her the barest glance, looking back at Shakti. He could hear again. She moaned. "Ooh! Already, Chris?!" she cooed, arching her back. Her fat ass cheeks engulfed his entire torso up to his sternum. They were so soft that his fingertips sank into their smooth, warm surfaces. Sweat rolled down her back. She looked over her shoulder at him. Her eyes were so green and bright they seemed to glow. "You must really like me!" 

Chris clenched his eyes shut and screamed. "Aaaiigh! It's so good! Mmaaagh!" BLUUUUUUURCH! Shakti moaned as another massive wad blasted into her. When he opened his eyes, he could see the crests of two pale hills just beyond— 

Wait, they were the same color as his skin. 

Those are my balls! He realized. 

His balls repressurized. He cried out. SPLOOOOOOORCH! Shakti cooed. Something brown was spreading sideways between her thighs in front of her. Chris's fingers dug in and he closed his eyes again as another wave of pressure crushed his mind. "Auugh! Aunt Shakti!" BLUUURCH. BLUUUUUUURCH! Liters of gooey jizz blasted from his organ. Wad after wad. When he opened his eyes again, that brown balloon in front of Shakti was even bigger. 

"Look how big I'm getting!" she moaned. "That worked much better than I thought it would!" 

"Wha— Haaaugh!" GLUUUUUUUURCH! Another wad. That sphere bloated more. Then Chris realized that it was her belly. She's so full of jizz she's growing! Chris thought that only happened in porn or bad erotica! Pearly jizz was pouring out from between her ass and his stomach, a sticky wave that engulfed his chest and rolled down his sides. 

He closed his eyes as another pulse blasted from his cock. And another. He just kept shooting and shooting. This is what Heaven must have been like ... if there wasn't demonic cunt juice all over his face, anyway. Chris didn't know how much time passed. But after a few minutes, he could feel the wads coming slower and slower. The pressure subsided in his balls. Glooooorch. Glooorch... Glorch. 

It was over. 

Shakti panted. Her belly was enormous, a good meter across, if not more. "Oh, my, I didn't think he'd shoot this much!" she laughed. 

"He responded very well," observed the princess. 

"I told you, sugar." 

Chris blinked his eyes slowly. His brain was swimming, and his body felt almost as if it was under a warm sea. It just felt right and good. His balls felt wonderful and empty. A pleasant void that radiated a nice warmth. "Hnmmmgh-nnghaaah," grunted Chris. He turned his bleary eyes to his aunt's back. 

"You did great, sugar," she chuckled, before standing. Schlooorph! His cock pulled out of her, rolling waves of jizz cascading down its length. Shakti showed absolutely no effort. She grunted and leaned back, but otherwise, her titanically-swollen belly didn't seem to hinder her. 

Of course, even standing up straight, given her short height, the head of Chris's cock was still buried inside her. Over two feet of pale monster rose from his groin, covered in thick layers of white, rolling seed, engulfed by her even-thicker thighs and disappearing into her body. 

"Galatea, can you come help me, dear?" asked Shakti. She looked over to where several Galateas were standing. They were also naked, exposing their ivory-white curves. 

Two came towards their master. One took each of Shakti's thighs and they lifted her easily. Schloor-pop! Chris moaned as his cockhead came free. The monstrous monolith began to fall towards him, threatening to smack him right in the— 

A third Galatea caught it. Her black pussy hovered just above his face. She smiled down at him. 

They carried Shakti toward the couch, turning her and setting her down. Chris looked at her. That belly was enormous! His aunt's heavy brown tits sat atop a beanbag-chair-sized sphere of sloshing flesh. "Ooh, my. Look at this load! You blew it so fast. Such an eager boy," she purred. 

Despite everything going on, Chris felt heat prickle across his cheeks. He looked away. "That was ... my first time." 

"I knew," said Shakti. "Don't worry, darling, you're going to be having a lot of firsts tonight. You did good, but we're going to train you to do better." 

As Chris watched, Shakti spread her legs and slouched downward, exposing her slit. It began to dilate seemingly of its own volition, pink lips spreading beneath the brown mound. The Galateas knelt between her legs as his goopy jizz began pouring forth. Their black tongues eagerly lapped it up. 

Holy fuck! That's so hot. ...Wait, this is fucked, that's my aunt! Chris still couldn't forget that. 
