 Authors Note: 

This is my first story for Literotica. I already have several written but will see how this is received before submitting any more. This is fairly straightforward and contains no 'serious' content - rape, BDSM etc. and is just intended as a bit of fun. All characters are invented by me (although the situation is not) and this story is not for profit. All characters are over 20 years old.

*

Part One

Deepsix is six and a half feet tall. Her skin is a light sky blue that remains the same shade even on the palms of her hands and the soles of her feet, somewhat lighter than the deep blue of her eyes. She is slim and lithely muscled but rounded at the hips and her large but firm breasts that bounce lightly as she moves. Her legs are sleekly muscled and long. Deepsix's hair is naturally white and customarily tied in a long ponytail that hangs down to just above the cleft of her buttocks.

She dresses in the traditional skin tight outfit of the hero which is coloured white. The upper part is a crop-top with a deep neckline that covers her shoulders and sweeps down to her gauntleted hands. Below Deepsix's bare belly the sheer material hugs her hips leaving a shallow 'v' that exposes the top of her buttock cleft and continues down in wide strips that leave exposed patches of blue skin and finishes in flared boots that come up to mid shin.

Deepsix wears a white domino mask over her eyes.

Parabella is six foot four. Her skin is milky white as is her hair (which is put up in two bunches) and her eyes have no pupils or irises, glowing a luminous blue. Her firm body is athletic and taut except for her jutting, proud breasts that strain the material of her top and her legs are long. Parabella's clothing is mostly black, her crop top starts just below her clavicle and finishes at the lower curve of her pale breasts leaving her shoulders and arms bare. Below she wears a pair of skin-tight cycle style shorts that hug the curves of her firm hips. Around her waist there is a belt of metallic segments of blue and black. Parabella wears thigh-high boots that are black at the top, fading into a deep blue as they progress down toward her feet.

She wears a holographic targeting system of white light over one eye.

Both have pointed lobe less ears and carry just enough body fat to soften the outlines of the muscles of their well trained bodies. Both carry themselves well, years of martial training and enhanced abilities giving the two a natural grace and poise that sets them apart from most.

The ruined cityscape trembled as explosions tore through it, smart munitions taking chunks out of the skyscrapers and filling the streets and parks with rubble and burnt shrapnel. Overhead dark clouds roiled with the forces being unleashed in the streets below and the occasional menacing attack craft risking breaking cover in an attempt to gain the higher ground. The battle was fiercest at the centre of the city, in an open space once filled with trees and fountains but now occupied with shattered debris and twisted support beams, where dark armoured enemy figures swarmed around two figures in a concentrated effort to bring them down.

Deepsix's chest heaved as she drew breath to deliver another massive sonic blast at the gathering group of Council soldiers who were trying to get into position to deploy their missile launchers. With an ear rending shriek the ground before them detonated, driving those still living back into cover. Fists clenched, she turned to Parabella.

"How long until the pick-up Bella? I think I see mechs coming up and I do not want to deal with much more today!" She ducked back as rail gun flechettes struck chips off the shattered concrete fountain next to her, the shrapnel tearing at her already ripped costume.

Parabella checked the HUD on her targeting reticule as she suppressed a stealthy group of soldiers with a burst from her huge multi gun. With a wry grin she looked over to her comrade. "Any second now," she shouted over the noise of the battle. "Just hold 'em off for another minute and we're outta here!" Bringing the gun to her shoulder, the young superhero took out an enemy spotter on a distant rooftop with a precise shot to the head. "I hope the info we got is worth all this effort, I don't think I've seen this many Council ever!" With a twist of her slim waist, Parabella sent a grenade through a fist sized hole in a nearby building, bringing down the roof on the unlucky troops inside.

The battle continued as scores of enemies sought to overrun the two heroes position but were constantly brought down by fusillades of sonic blasts and munitions. Tendons stood out on Deepsix's neck as she drew on every ounce of her power and sweat beaded her sky blue skin as she filled the air with sonic energy that shattered whatever it contacted. Parabella braced herself against the recoil of her gun as the barrel-flash lit the immediate area, smudges of soot and concrete dust darkening her pale skin.

"I got the signal Deep, get ready!" she cried, hearing a message from her earpiece. "Get close, the TP's gonna be working at extreme range!"

Deepsix stepped back until she felt Parabella's shoulders against her own, their buttocks pressing together as a missile flashed past close enough to touch.

Snatching her targeting drone from the air, the pale skinned girl turned and letting her gun rest in one arm clasped Deepsix around her firm waist with the other, feeling her breasts press against her friends smoothly muscled back.

"Here we go!"

Deepsix knew that the two had to be as close as possible for the long-range teleport so she reached behind her with both gauntleted hands and clasped Parabella's hips, making her chest just forward a little more.

Just as she felt the tingle and saw the glimmers of crimson light of the matter transport beam locking on Deepsix saw a sniper a hundred meters away, drawing a bead on them with a bulky, elaborate rile. Knowing that it was too late to do anything about it she just hoped that any shot would hit her and not her friend.

There was a blaze of light and a roar as if the whole city had collapsed into the depths of the earth. All sensation of up or down was lost and there was an impression of vast landscapes flying past, too swift to take in.

With a jolt, normal reality returned. The two collapsed to their knees, Parabella still clasping Deepsix to her.

"We made it!" Deepsix gasped, looking around at their surroundings.

They were in what seemed to be a hallway of a large house, maybe a mansion, richly decorated with dark patterned carpets and wood panelled walls. There were portraits and landscape paintings on the walls and small tables held sculptures and other tastefully arranged artistic objects, above them was a large crystal chandelier and a sweeping staircase rose off to their right.

"I know this place; it is a safe house in Croatoa." She grinned,"Again we win! I might just take some downtime here."

The Deepsix became aware that Parabella was still holding onto her and felt the other girls head resting on the back of her shoulder.

"I don't feel so good Deep."

Shuffling around Deepsix looked at the other hero. Parabella appeared fine, a little grimy and with a few small grazes on her unnaturally tough skin but her multi gun lay discarded on the ground and Deepsix knew that her friend would never willingly let that happen.

Deepsix took her by the arms and looked her in the eye, "What is the matter?"

"I feel odd, tired," Parabella said, her chin drooping slightly. "I think I got hit by something just as we left."

"Let me check you," the blue skinned girl ordered, "Stand up."

With a noticeable effort Parabella stood and held herself upright as her friend checked her over.

Not used to medical matters but concerned the others safety, Deepsix examined the pale girl closely.

"Can you feel any wound?" She asked.

"No."

Worried now by her friends unusual apathy the taller girl checked for blood or any other signs of injury, running her hands over Parabella's arms and down her sides.

"Hold on, what's this?" muttered Deepsix. She saw a tiny mark on the girl's pale thigh. Could the sniper have hit that part of her? she wondered. Crouching down, Deepsix pulled off her gauntlets and placed her hand on the wound.

"There's something here Bella. Hang on and I will get you too a room with a med analysis kit, these places are always well stocked. Get your arm over my shoulders."

Deepsix helped her friend up the stairs and along a well appointed corridor until they got to one of the safe houses bedrooms, a space with a four poster bed and antique furniture of a grand style. Parabella's condition worried her. The girl was so quiet, most unlike her usual self, and if Deepsix was not mistaken she was running a temperature.

After placing the girl on the large bed and propping her up with some pillows, Deepsix hurried to the large dressing table. Activating a hidden control caused a tray full of sophisticated looking devices to rise from the wooden surface. Another control caused the mirror to shimmer and reveal the image of one of her contacts in Atlas Park.

"Deepsix, you were successful then?"

"Yes but we have a possible medical emergency here," said the worried heroine. "Hold on while I get some readings," she continued, fitting an earpiece from the tray and picking up a medical module.

Parabella was not worried. Instead she felt...tired, oddly warm, almost too comfortable. In a kind of dreamy haze she watched Deepsix hurry over to her and press the module against the tiny wound on her thigh.

"Hey," she said, "devices are meant to be my thing." The effort of speaking was almost too much.

"Just checking you over," said Deepsix.

There was a sharp twinge from her leg as the module extracted a sample.

"Ooh," gasped Parabella, shifting against the cushions that propped her up, the movement feeling oddly sensual as her limbs rubbed together.

"Back in a moment," said Deepsix, walking back to the screen.

Parabella watched idly as her friend inserted the medical scanner back into its recess. She shifted slightly, feeling a drowsy pleasure at the sensation of her skin against the clean bedspread. Lifting her shoulders caused her breasts to slip against each other and a shiver of pleasure ran up spine. The pale skinned heroine's reverie was slowly disrupted as she became aware that Deepsix was talking to her contact. Because of the earpiece only one side of the conversation was audible.

"You have the readings? Good."

A pause.

"Yes, there was a sniper with a design of weapon I have not seen before. Possibly the Council has been working on some kind of toxin."

"I do not know, there has been no chance to collect any further data. I need the analysis right now."

Idly Parabella watched, not really taking in the content of the conversation. She did notice that Deepsix was leaning with both hands placed on the top of the dressing table. Bent over like that the blue skinned girls shapely behind was pointed directly at her, in fact Parabella could see the outline of her friends pubic mound through the sheer material of her costume.

"Okay, good," Deepsix continued, "what have you got?"

"Right, I understand."

"Okay."

Parabella's eyes rose slightly to take in Deep's slim waist and sleekly muscled back as her friends voice rose slightly before becoming quite hushed.

"What?!" This is no time for humour, this is a serious situation!"

There was a pause for a moment.

"No, right. I understand. Is this the Only way?"

"No, we do not have the time for anything else; I will have to do it now. But I swear, if I ever hear that this story has gotten out I may forget that I am a hero. Right. Over and out."

Deepsix took the earpiece out, flung it into the corner of the room and shut down the comms station before turning to the bed. Parabella thought that she looked flushed, her face and chest seeming a darker shade of blue than the rest of her.

With an immense effort the ailing girl spoke; "What is it Deep? Am I gonna be okay?"

The taller girl seemed uncomfortable, not meeting Bella's gaze and the prostrate heroine felt her heart thud as a feeling of dread swept across her. "Oh no," she said, "this is it isn't it? After all the danger I've faced I'm gonna be taken out by a shot I didn't even see coming."

"No hon, you are going to be all right, I...I promise." Stuttered Deepsix, striding quickly across the bedroom to sit by her friend's prone form and looking her in the eyes. "It is just that the analysis showed that the only treatment is rather...unconventional and there is no time to seek another solution." The blue girl blushed even more but held Parabella's gaze with hers.

"Oh Deep, whatever it is you need to do, do it. I'm so tired I can hardly keep my eyes open and I feel so hot, it's like I'm wrapped in fur." She writhed languidly on the bed. "I trust you Deep, I know you'll do what's right. Maybe one day I'll get to do the same for you."

Deepsix cleared her throat. A little uncomfortably it seemed to the reclining heroine. She lifted her eyes from the others flawless cleavage where they had been resting for some reason.

The blushing girl shifted a little closer and took Parabella's hand in both of hers from where it rested on her flat, white belly.

"Listen Bella, there is only one way to deal with this in the time we have." She paused, looking over the trusting girls head. "The med-techs say we can flush out the toxin with a combination of factors. We need to elevate your heartbeat and body temperature, you also need to to purge your body of the poison through sweat and...other things." Deepsix took a long breath. "Also they say I will have to induce a certain type of strong physiological reaction that should finish the job." She was still blushing.

"Come on Deep, give it to me in English," said Parabella.

Deepsix looked straight into her friends glowing eyes, "You are too weak to exercise it out or handle...the other thing yourself. I do not know how to tell you this Bella but," she paused, biting her lip between pearly teeth, "they say I have to...I have to give you an orgasm."

Parabella's eyes opened wide as she gasped in amazement, her breasts heaving toward the other girl, the already strained material between the out thrust peaks stretching tight. Her mouth formed an 'O' of astonishment.

"I must be delirious," she said weakly, falling back on the raised cushions. And although she felt feeble indeed, Parabella felt herself flush with a sudden heat blossoming in her breasts and between her thighs.

"No my friend," said Deepsix leaning closer, peeling off her domino mask and placing her hands on both sides of the others waist, the white skin feverishly hot to her touch. "I...I have never done any...that is I hope you will let me do this." She felt her blush intensify even further in mortification. How could this be happening? Deepsix had never even thought of the gun girl that way! But now she had to make love to her friend and she had to do it well or else...She swore to herself that despite her almost complete lack of experience she would make Parabella cum, no matter what.

She was so drowsy in a kind of narcotic haze that Parabella was having trouble reacting. Deepsix had to make her cum? She'd never had a thing for girls, not even had much time for the boys but she could feel the warmth of the other hero's body and the hands on her waist were giving off tingles that felt very good indeed in an unfamiliar way.

"No Deep, we can't," she gasped, "you don't have to."

"I do, I have to do this. Please forgive me." Deepsix said as she leant forward and looking her friend straight in the eyes, kissed her lightly on the lips.

Parabella gasped a tiny indrawn breath as the blue girl's lips met hers. It felt so nice but must be wrong. If only she could lift her arms she could push the other away, or would she?

Deepsix planted tiny, nervous kisses along the line of the ailing girl's jaw. Her hands were shaking so much that she had to clasp Bella's shoulders to still them. What now? What should she do? The only thing the blushing heroine could think of was to go through what she liked to think about when she masturbated.

Shifting, Deepsix pressed her mouth firmly to Parabella's feeling the softness of lips together before gently pushing her tongue between them. Her full breasts descended until they brushed lightly against Bella's.

Parabella moaned slightly as the contact made her nipples stiffen, poking at her top which seemed to be getting tighter and tighter by the moment.

Deepsix swung her leg over so that she straddled the other girl's hips. She started to kiss the ivory ear and marble neck before her. She slid her hands down until she clasped the huge orbs of Bella's breasts, marvelling at their size and firmness and became aware of the rock hard nipples jabbing into her palms. Her own large tits brushed the backs of her hands and the breath caught in her throat.

It was so much that Deepsix was starting to pant slightly, the heat of the girl beneath her seemed infectious but she had a job to do. If she could defeat an Arachnos commander then she could do this without fainting from nerves and embarrassment.

Still not looking at her friends face, Deep slid her hands down and then up beneath the crop-top and cupped the massive breasts. Her hands were nowhere near big enough to cover them completely and the blue skinned girl wondered at their smooth firmness. She began to knead Bella's tits with broad circular motions.

The exhausted girl found the strength to arch her back slightly and turn her head to gasp warm air into Deep's ear. The strong motions of Deep's hands beneath her top was almost robbing the girl of her senses, her head swimming with unfamiliar pleasure. But it was so wrong! How could it feel so good? If only Deep would pinch her nipples, they ached so...

Gathering her courage the flushed superheroine grasped the lower hem of Bella's top and pushed the stretched material up until the girl's gorgeous breasts bounced free, the garment now rucked up at her collarbone.

Parabella bit her lower lip as the cloth dragged across her taut, sensitised nipples.

"Oh Deep," she sighed.

The other girl paused and looked at Bella with an expression of mixed concern and apprehension, her hands still full of warm flesh.

"Please," said Bella in a breathy whisper, "if I'm to be stripped you have to as well. I'm embarrassed enough enough already." She watched with shame and delight as Deepsix stood up on her knees, still on either side of Bella's hips and stared down with shock. The white skinned girl almost hissed with displeasure as as her friend stopped massaging her and covered her own chest with both hands.

"Me?" Deep exclaimed.

Bella's gaze roved down, taking in her seducers flat blue belly, her stance exposing the sleek mound, white spandex sheathed, between slim thighs.

"Besides," Bella murmured, "this isn't the right mood, please Deep." She felt a lazy craftiness steal upon her as her pussy started to feel wet and the flustered super heroine crouched above her nodded reluctantly.

"All right," Deepsix whispered, "for you."

Reaching up with each hand to the opposite shoulder she pulled down her top, the silky fabric running over her tits, pulling slightly as her hardening nipples caught the material before her breasts sprang free. Deepsix left her top bunched around her body, above her waist and still attached to her sleeves as she leant forward until her blue nipples brushed against Parabella's pale ones.

"I will just have to step it up a notch," Deep whispered as she looked the other girl in the face and started to rhythmically brush her breasts against Bella's. Both girls nipples were now rock hard and both were breathing quickly. Deepsix clasped the other girl to her, crushing their chests together and kissing her hard. Maintaining the kiss, Deep moved back and forth so that the outstretched tips of their breasts were rubbing against one another.
