 Sarkopheros Says: 

The first thing I'd like to do is apologize for this story being late. Originally, it was slated to come out some time around August 30-31stish. However, I had a number of occurrences which caused delays, and I did not want to rush the process and circumvent normal quality control. Thus, this story is coming out five days after the release I projected in a news post. I'm sorry. 

Anyway, this is the first of a new series. Shakti proved to be popular, but I got a lot of feedback during the second fan survey which informed me that the story was not working the way I intended. So I changed it. Note that the first two Shakti solo stories are still part of the Sunderscape canon. 

Shakti needed a costar. I decided to bring another character of mine on board, Chris Park. He's going to be starring alongside Shakti in this series. If you're familiar with Godfault, Code Kraken is based on Chris. Sunderscape is going to prominently star both characters, though at times it will focus more on one or the other. It will also feature a lot of supernatural themes. 

In this chapter, expect some oral and manual stimulation, cock and ball growth, incestuous sexual tension. Lactation and breastfeeding. Shakti's gigantic ass. And other Sarkopheros goodness! 

You'll notice that the usual hyper sex and cum inflation kinks aren't there. This chapter is meant more to introduce the setting and lay the groundwork for a lot of ongoing sexual nonsense. Also, it was becoming enormous, so I ended up cutting it off at 10,510 words. It's a hot entry if I say so myself. 

Enjoy! 

*** 

Chris looked out the window. There wasn't a whole lot to see. Lots of grass, trees, swamp, and nothing zipped by. Granted, sightseeing, even if there is a sight worth seeing, isn't easy when you're driving. 

The phone said it would only be a few minutes before he got there. Chris turned onto the exit. One of the door panels rattled, and the steering groaned as he descended the off-ramp. 

The beat-up Neon managed to stop without anything breaking off. Once he was at the stop sign, Chris caught a glimpse of himself in the rearview mirror. Shit, I should comb my hair. Chris's shoulder-length mane was running rampant at the moment. If he were at home, his mom would be yelling at him to comb it. Doubly so in the current circumstance—she sure as hell wouldn't want Chris's aunt seeing him for the first time with his hair all affright. 

He wondered where a comb might be stashed in his car, and folded down the vanity mirror to see— 

Klunk. Something hit him in the face, causing him to jolt backward. "Fuck!" The car rolled forward a couple feet as he released the brake by mistake. Chris looked down to see what had hit him. It was a comb. A damn comb. Why was— 

"Mom!" he yelled. 

Chris sighed and shrugged. Well, I guess I don't have to search. He started combing his hair. 

The houses began to expand as he drove. Large oaks shadowed the residential street. Cobblestones rumbled under his tires. Many of the houses had gated walls or hedged barriers. Holy shit. Mom never said aunt Shakti was loaded! Then again, he'd only found out about Aunt Shakti about a month ago. And he was still skeptical they were even related—she didn't look anything like anyone in his family. Apparently, her finances also looked nothing like his family's. Maybe she's a maid or something? 

He was so focused on looking at the passing houses that it startled him when his phone said, "Your destination is on the left." 

Chris slowed down, his car's breaks whining in protest. 

The first sign that the house was unusual even in this realm of opulence was the curved roof visible rising behind the wall. Chris squinted and turned toward the entrance. The car squealed. 

When his car reached the gate—yes, the house had its own gate—it opened seemingly of its own volition. 

Okay, there's probably security cameras. And who else would be driving a busted-ass car up to a gate like this? 

The wrought bronze gate swung open in eerie silence. Chris drove through. He found an intersection in the road, and a sign showed him that it was a roundabout. 

Chris's jaw dropped when he saw that sign. Holy fuck, how rich do you have to be to have a house that's so big you need road signs? 

After a long moment of gawking, he proceeded. Chris had no idea what to expect. The house was already obviously like none other—even in a neighborhood where Tony Stark would be at home. 

But whatever he expected, it was certainly not what he saw. When he turned, Chris actually gasped. 

"This is ... that's a ... fucking house?!" Chris almost rammed a palm tree. His car squealed back onto the road. 

The edifice in front of him looked like an ancient Middle-Eastern palace. Curved rooves like clouds were supported by towering white columns. Colorful, ornate tilework decorated the ... pediment sort of area. At least, it was equivalent to a pediment. Chris had no idea what kind of architecture this was. 

The road split in two once more, flanking a long reflecting pool. Chris drove along it. Stone benches were placed periodically, and on the outer side of the road were date palms. Here and there, he saw people milling about. A woman was under one of the date palms picking up the fruit. 

Chris turned his eyes back to the colorful—though imposing—edifice. "That's no house, that's a space station," he mumbled. 

When he pulled in under the portico-thing where the driveway lead, he couldn't help but notice a goddamn chandelier above him. 

There was no one there to greet him—though he hadn't called ahead so that made sense. Chris wasn't sure where to park. And in all honesty, he felt more like he was visiting some foreign head of state than visiting his "aunt." No way she owns all this. 

He took his phone out of the holder on the dashboard and looked down to dial her number. Then he looked back up and— 

"Oh GOD!" he howled, dropping the phone and lurching to the side. 

Right outside his window, there was a ... girl...? 

Her skin was pearly white. Not in the sense of being light-skinned—she looked like she was made of ivory. She wore some sort of Harajuku-looking maid dress and sunglasses. Chris got ahold of himself. Her face was inches away from the window. He lowered it. 

"Uh ... h-hi?" he asked. "Is this where Shakti lives?" Where the fuck was she a minute ago? 

The girl nodded. Then she opened the door and gestured for Chris to get out. 

Chris picked up his phone—it looked like no one had picked up, anyway. Putting it in his pocket, he got out. Once he was out, he could see a few columns. That must have been where the girl was hiding. Once Chris was out, her black-painted lips curled upward. She pointed at the trunk. 

"Oh, yeah," said Chris. He took his keys out of the ignition. He hadn't even remembered to turn the car off until now! At least it was in park. He hit the trunk release. 

Then, when he turned around, the girl was gone. Chris squinted, turned, and— 

"Fuck!" he yelped. She was now behind him, and she was holding his heavy suitcase with one hand. It might as well have been full of air—she showed no effort at all! Under the other arm, she had his computer tower, which was easily thirty-five pounds. Chris jabbed his finger at her. "Hey, don't drop that!" The girl didn't acknowledge him. 

Chris didn't know what to do, so he hefted one of his boxes out of the trunk and closed it. Then he followed Creepy-Girl. 

They walked through ornate archways. Some kind of sparkly glasswork was all over the ceiling, giving the area a strange, fantastic quality. They entered an airy, octagonal foyer with a high ceiling done in greens and yellows. A glass dome let sunlight in. There was a large fountain shaped like an eight-pointed star in the middle. Attached the far wall was another smaller fountain, and inset into an alcove in the wall was a mosaic of what appeared to be Shakti herself—albeit in the nude. 

Chris was distracted from his huffing labor by this. Did ... did this lady actually have art of herself on the wall? In which she was naked?! Plus, that mural depicted a figure with unnaturally, ludicrously-wide hips. No one was shaped like that. But I guess this does answer the question of whether this is her house. Holy shit. 

"Is that her?" he asked. 

There was no reply from Creepy-Girl. Just the stepping of her flats. 

They took another hallway, passing more wandering people. Who were all these people? None of them seemed to be paying much attention to him or the creepy maid. Chris wasn't sure what it was, but the people were somewhat unsettling. One man was incredibly lanky, about seven feet tall, and Chris could have sworn he had yellow eyes. Then he saw a woman who had weird teeth. But not crooked—Chris wasn't sure, but he was fairly certain they were pointy. 

Regardless, he was whisked further and further inward. They eventually reached a large pair of wooden doors inset into a tapered archway. Carved into the door was a symbol—a circle with a tangential line at the bottom. And then they opened for Creepy-Girl. Chris squinted. How did she...? A motion sensor, maybe? 

They entered a wide hallway with arches. The floor was of a glossy teal tile that looked like water, and the ceiling was jade-green in coloration. Creepy-Girl lead him up a flight of stairs to the left. 

Chris's biceps were starting to burn, and his fingers were loosening. Every stair was a new challenge. He shifted the box, getting his arm under it and bracing it against his chest. He was afraid of toppling down the stairs at any moment. And his sister had always warned her bro about the stairs. How the hell is she carrying so much shit? he wondered. The girl didn't appear to be making any effort at all. 

"How far is it?" he grunted. "I feel like I'm going to need a map to get around in here." 

No reply. Of course. 

Chris looked down, trying to brace the box again, just as— 

A pair of arms came out of nowhere and grabbed the box. Chris grunted. "Thanks." Then he looked up. Creepy-Girl! 

"Augh!" he yelped. She was right in front of him! 

Wait. Chris did a double-take. Creepy-Girl ... had a twin...? The new arrival looked exactly like the one carrying his suitcase and computer. 

"Oh ... sorry! You startled me," he panted. 

The new girl wore the same outfit and the same weird glasses. And she gave the same silent smile. Chris shook her head as she walked past. God is this place weird. 

Finally, Creepy-Girl came to a door. Chris was only slightly surprised when the door opened of its own volition. 

When he followed her through, there was a third Creepy-Girl. Apparently, she was the one who had opened the doors. "Uh ... wow, are you ... are you sisters?" he asked, rubbing his sore hands. Looking down, he saw where the box had left red lines. 

The Creepy Triplets all smiled at him at the exact same time and it was really, really weird. Then they all put his stuff down. 

"Wait," said Chris. He took a look around. The room was cavernous. The high ceiling had inset rectangular sections, and light came from recesses in it. There were two large ceiling fans, and a bunch of wooden furniture with swoopy legs. The entire room looked like it was about thirty feet by fifteen. One wall was made up of a row of ceiling-height windows, with doors leading out onto a balcony. 

When he turned around, he— 

"GAAAHH!" his heart fired like a machine gun as he scrambled backward. There were about a dozen Creepy-Girls staring silently at him. Each one had something from the car. Then, at the exact same time, they all began moving toward him. Their eerie synchronization was so precise that when they moved, it sounded like only one pair of feet was stepping. "Oh god, w-what ... what are you people?!" They advanced silently, stepping as one. Each one stared at him from behind their sunglasses. He backed away. They kept coming. "P-please, I don't know what you want." Then he whispered, "Please don't snap my neck." 

There was a hearty, feminine laugh. The Creepy-Girls parted, and in sauntered a woman who could only be Shakti. She was ... short. Chris was short, maybe five-four. But Shakti only came up to about his eyes. 

Oh my god, she really is shaped like that! Badonkadonk didn't even begin to describe her. His "aunt" was made of soft curves. Those thick thighs were bigger than her torso, but they didn't appear fat—he could see the muscles moving under the softness. Chris's legs were as scrawny as the rest of him. Those hips were barely contained by her slinky green dress! The tube-dress did little to hide the pair of head-sized tits beneath. They would have been mesmerizing if not for that booty stealing the show. Her neck-length hair was in some weird swooshy bob-thing, and her skin color was a rich sandalwood. Chris's wild hair had only the semblance of a style, and his skin had a pale honey complexion. 

All these differences were why he squinted at her and blurted out, "We're related?!" 

Shakti chuckled. "Is that really the first thing you're going to say to your aunt? But. Maybe not in the way you're thinking, dear. Welcome to my humble home," she said, gesturing grandly. 

Chris shook his head. "Humble?! I should have brought some bread crumbs!" 

Shakti grinned. "The house is every bit as humble as its owner, darling." She moved closer. Chris liked how she smelled. It was like ... spices ... fruit ... exotic. Her pointed fingernails traced over his cheek. Shakti got so close he could feel her breath on his face. "Your mom didn't say what a cutie you were. Then again, I already knew. I saw your picture." 

Shakti looked over her shoulder and moved her finger in a circle. "Well don't just stand there, put his stuff down." 

Chris looked at them. "What's up with the creep—the uh ... the ... help?" 

Shakti shrugged. "Employees. Just tell them what you want, and they'll help you if they can, won't you ladies?" 

They all smiled at the exact same time. 

Chris shuddered slightly. The Creepy-Girls continued their work. 

Shakti grinned. "You'll get used to them. Now then, Chris." She looked up and down his body, running her tongue over her teeth. Her canines looked strangely long. "Mmmmh. Delightful." Chris found himself holding his breath. She was so close that he could feel hers. Shakti made a low purring noise in her chest. "My, my, you've grown very nicely," she cooed. "The last time I saw you, I could carry you in one arm." 

"O-oh ... uh... Yeah, I guess it's been a long time," stammered Chris. It was only now that he remembered to breathe. 

She walked slowly around him in a circle, one of those absurd hips rubbing against him. She trailed her fingernails over his chest, scratching him lightly. They moved over his arm, then his back, causing his skin to prickle into goosebumps. Chris took in a deep breath, feeling a heated flush between his legs. We're not really related, are we? This is so fucked up ... what is she doing?! 

"Every bit as delicious as you looked in your pictures. I'm sure this will work out wonderfully." Then she was in front of him again. "Come here, sugar." She waggled a green-painted fingernail and lead him into the adjacent room. Chris's jaw dropped and his eyes nearly bugged out of his head when he saw how enormous that ass was. Twin cheeks, huge, soft, bouncing under that skirt. Sensuously swaying as she walked. There was a shift as his member woke. 

He barely heard it when she said, "Here's the bedroom." The butt-spell was finally broken when she turned toward him. "I hope it's big enough for you," she said. Only then did Chris remember to pick his jaw up. Shakti grinned. 

Chris only now realized where they were. "Oh, yeah, we're in the bedroom!" 

Green-and-black painted lips curled into a coy grin. "We sure are. Why, what're you thinking?" she cooed. 

Is she ... is my aunt ... is she flirting with me?! "Uh ... I ... just ... what...?" 

"What're you thinking about the bedroom? The suite, dear." Shakti gestured around them. 

Oh, wow, guess I read too much into that. That's a relief. 

Though Shakti did still have a big grin on her face... 

Chris answered her question after a moment. "The bedroom is good, yeah. The whole place, really. It's fuck—freaking gigantic! It's bigger than my whole da-darn house!" 

Shakti chuckled, looking pleased. But then she put her fingertip on his lips. Even the finger smelled good. "Language, Chris! Such a foul mouth. You need someone to teach you how to control that tongue. I'm sure you can find better uses for it than cursing," she purred. 

She's doing it again! Chris's cock preferred its own interpretation of her words, of course. He shuffled uncomfortably. "I ... what...?" 

"I'm kidding!" she chuckled. "I don't care if you curse like a sailor. I won't tell your mom." 

"Oh ... uh ... thanks!" Chris nodded. "Yeah, thanks." 

Shakti leaned in and put her hands on his cheeks. "Don't worry, I'm going to make sure you feel right at home." 

Chris swallowed. Her unnaturally vibrant green eyes pierced his. He managed to say, "Uh ... thanks?" 

Shakti chuckled and turned around, showing off that immense ass once more. She pointed. "That's a bathroom. Right now, you're in my part of the house. Beyond that door you passed, the one outside, that's public areas." 

"Public Areas?" repeated Chris. 

Shakti nodded. "Well, this place is far too big for me on my own. The Eastern wing is mine, and I use the rest as a sort of ... boutique hotel." 

Huh. That makes some sense. "I guess this place can't be cheap. So all those people I saw are guests of the hotel?" 

"Yes, they're my guests. Mostly people looking to tour this place," she said, walking past him. 

Chris followed. Something about that didn't sound right to him. "But when I looked up your address on Google, why didn't it show any hotels? It would have shown a hotel if I searched this address." 

"That's because some of the biggest selling points of Shakti's place are subtlety and discretion," she chuckled, grinning over her shoulder. 

You're about as subtle as a freight train, thought Chris. "So. Uh. Okay. Then ... what's with your..." He looked over his shoulder. There was only one Creepy-Girl left. "Your ... employees?" 

"Galatea," said Shakti. "They can't talk, but don't worry, they're harmless. ...If you don't cause trouble." Her jiggling ass lead him out onto the balcony. It overlooked a spacious courtyard, and several more balconies were visible across the way. At the end of the rectangular courtyard was a larger balcony-porch-type area and there were nice gardens and fountains down on the floor. "This is my courtyard. No one will bother you there. But you should feel free to explore, meet some new people," said Shakti. "Or if you're feeling lonely and not particularly adventurous, Galatea can always show you to my room," she purred. "After all, it is a couple weeks till school starts." 

What is up with this woman?! Chris gulped. "Oh, well, uh, thanks!" 

"Of course. You're my blood," she said, turning around and gently caressing his cheek for a second. Then she moved past him. 

When he turned around, he was slightly startled to see that more of the maids had appeared. So which one was named Galatea? Not that that question was the most important one at the moment. "Uh, w-well, no offense...," Chris stammered. "Oh, never mind." Shit, that's stupid. 
