 In Allston there were three major gangs. The Crowns, the Aces, and the Blue Devils. The gold Crowns were the most powerful and dealt in extortion and protection, the Blue Devils ran most of the garages and chop shops around town and ran illegal races or courier runs. The red Aces were the most violent, owning the gambling and sex trade. Alisa looked down at one such gambling den located in an isolated alley. Two bouncers stood guard at the heavy metal door. The place itself was a convenience store on the front with the setup in the back. Families and old people bought chips or bread through the front door, and scum played cards and got laid through the back. That was stopping tonight.

Alisa jumped down and landed right in front of the bouncers. Before either could react, or get their eyes of her tits, she grabbed their necks and hit their heads together. The two fell to the ground with a thud. When she had first come to Allston she might have been able to flirt her way in. With her breasts barely held by a red bikini top under an open jacket and her black skirt only just covering her panties most men shut down their brains when they saw her. Even if she was wearing a grey cloth and red cap over her head to hide her identity. But she had spent the last week and or so hitting Ace operations, they knew a hero was out to get them. Ah well, it saved her the trouble of pretending to like the thugs she might have flirted with.

Andrew had gotten her the layout of the building, so she knew what to expect. An average sized room meant for storage now converted into a gambling den, with a small section devoted to the showgirls. The Aces filled the ranks of their sex trade with females that were both willing and unwilling. Alisa tapped the door lightly, it was well made. Shame it didn't mean shit to her. A firm kick not only dented the metal inward but also ripped it off its hinges. Alisa was inside before the door even hit the ground. She jumped and landed on a blackjack table as the people stared. 

An Ace wearing the red shirt of the gang swore, "It's the slut, get her!"

Alisa's eye twitched at the word slut. Memories of James Starch still enraged her and this school dropout was not helping. So she stepped off the table, grabbed the same thug, and lifted him up and into the table hard enough to crack the wood. The Aces charged at her like the idiots they were. Some of the smarter ones with guns stayed back and opened fire. Alisa dodged and ducked between the gambling equipment before striking out at them. One by one they went down until the gang members were out cold on the floor. That done, Alisa kicked open the door to the sex section. There were three working girls inside; two were huddled in the corner in fear. The third was kneeling on a bed facing her with a knife at her neck by the half-naked Ace kneeling behind her. If someone's life wasn't in danger, Alisa might have laughed at the sight of a thug caught with his pants off. Now she was thinking of ways to keep her neck intact.

The thug pushed the blade closer once the door went down, "Stop fucking there! I will fucking kill this bitch! God damn, why the fuck did you show up when I'm trying to get some fucking pussy!?"

"Ok, ok, I heard you after the first F bomb." Alisa stood at the entrance and glared at him. The twitchy ones were the worst.

He seemed to calm down slightly. The girl whimpered in fear as hero and thug stared each other down.

"Let her go and you get to keep your teeth." Alisa clenched her fist to enhance her warning.

The Ace licked his lips and shook his head, "You calm the fuck down before I open her up!"

"Kill her and there is nothing keeping me from opening YOU up." 

The thug gulped at that. The Brotherhood of Heroes did not forbid killing, but strong discouraged it. Situations happened that required lethal force. As long as members did not kill innocents or build a high body count they were not punish. Alisa had never actually killed a person. She did really know if she could only kill once, or keep going. Besides she was not ready to waste her first kill on some street punk.

"Show me your tits." 

"Huh?" Alisa blinked stupidly. The hell did just say?

The thug nodded, "So me the goods or I cut this bitch."

What the fuck? He could have bought his freedom or tried to learn her identity, but he wants her to show some skin? Looking at the knife, Alisa slowly reached back and undid the string holding her top. The Ace whistled as her full breasts bounced free.

"Damn, that's nice. Now suck me off."

Alisa looked at him, "Are you stupid?"

"Fuck you bitch! You cost me this bitch's pussy! I'll take it from a hero instead."

Idiot, she won. It was still humiliating and Alisa walked up to him with an angry blush beneath her mask. His erection poked out between the prostitute's legs, she knelt awkwardly on the ground to be level to it. Mindful of the thug leering at her, Alisa lifted up the grey cloth enough to free her lips to cover his cock. The Ace gasped as the blonde slut began moving her head along his length. She bobbed and sucked for a few seconds before she stopped. 

"The fuck!" He looked down and paled.

The hero smiled at him with her hand wrapped around his cock. She slowly applied pressure as the situation sunk in.

"You bitch!"

"Super strength, remember? I honestly can't believe you let your cock think for you like that." It was getting painful down there now.

"I...I still have this whore's life in my hands!"

Alisa squeezed harder until he yelped in pain, "And I can rip this off without a second thought at any time. Is killing her really worth being a eunuch?"

The Ace looked down at her, "Uhhhhh....."

"Someone without their man-bits."

The thug gulped and let the knife drop from his hand. Alisa stood up in victory, and eagerly punched his lights out.

-

"Busy night?" Grant Collins asked after taking a drink of his coffee.

"Busted a gambling ring behind that store I told you about." Alisa said as she looked out at the buildings.

Grant nodded, "I'll send some men I can trust. Or at least send someone not on Ace payroll."

Grant was chief of police in Allston, with all the problems that brought. Three major gangs tearing at each other and others, smaller gangs trying to rise up, many corrupt cops, and even more corrupt politicians. And he was not completely pleased with her either. Every time he looked at Alisa in her skimpy outfit, the forty-four year old man raised a disapproving brow. But he was more than thankful the Brotherhood had sent someone and the two of them had been working together to break up the gangs. 

Alisa walked over the edge of the Police Headquarters roof and yawned, "Is it a good idea to just send anyone? Some of them might be working for the Crowns or Devils."

"Good. Might move them to take out the Aces for us. Or at least show them that our young hero means business."

Alisa grunted and turned back to him, "So, why the meeting?" It was late and she wanted sleep before school.

Grant finished off the coffee and tossed it aside before pulling out a folder. Alisa took it and looked inside. Pictures of a brown haired man with a scar over his left eye mixed with pictures of a younger man with similar hair. They had to be father and son.

"The man with the scar is Brian Kilkin. The head of the Aces and one of the worst humans I have ever known. His good for nothing son is Brandon. He doesn't do much but drink and whore."

Alisa already knew this from Jeff. The old man had files on all three gang leaders, "Ugly bastard."

Grant nodded, "As you might know, Kilkin owns the Red Sand Casino. Only halfway legit business he runs. Besides raking in the blackjack money, he also sells out women for sex and pushes drugs from his little castle. All my efforts to get a mole in there have failed."

"So you want me to bust down the door?"

"No, that doesn't do much. Brian will see about five seconds of jail before he walks out. What we need is evidence, proof that can land him behind bars for a while. We shut down the Red Sand and Brandon takes over the Aces. The punk will either run the operation into the ground without daddy, or he messes up and we bust him as well."

Alisa nodded. Sounded very complicated, she preferred just cracking skulls. But whatever floated the Chief's boat. 

"So who are you sending in?"

"You."

Alisa looked up from the folder and raised a brow, "Huh?"

Grant seemed mildly amused, "I set it up with your team. The Red Sand is hiring showgirls. Kilkin doesn't risk bringing kidnapped women into the place. Get a job, serve some drinks, and tell me what you find."

Now this was sounding poorly thought out, "I am a hero, Chief, not a sex bunny!"

"Then don't apply to be a sex bunny, girl. Work on the casino floor. Hell, try and make janitor just get in there."

"This is a risk to my identity! If I won't tell you it I sure as hell don't want some thugs finding it!"

"As long as you don't punch a hole in the wall who is going to know?"

The argument went on for another hour before Alisa consented. Then she had all but flown to the skyscraper she lived in. When the elevator opened up, her pent up rage exploded as she kicked over a couch and roared for her team. Jeff, Andrew, and Kim entered the living room.

Kim smiled nervously, "Mission was a success, Alisa?"

Alisa clenched her fist and glared at them, "What the FUCK people!"

Andrew righted the couch and sat down, "This is a prime opportunity to hurt the Aces."

"How about we do it without getting me molested by some pervert gambler!"

Jeff sighed, "Relax child! Heroes go undercover all the time. It's not like you are going to be putting down 'superhero' on your application!" 

Kim snickered, "And I hear the Red Sand pays good. Nothing like a part time job."

-

Alisa licked and sucked his cock all over; her tongue didn't miss a single part of his length. The thug groaned at the feeling her lips up and down his rod. He held on for a few minutes before his cock twitched and blew his load in her mouth. The blonde hero swallowed as much as she could manage, even licking the remains off his cock. Suddenly the thug tossed the whore away and grabbed Alisa's shoulders. She was pulled up and thrown on the bed before being rolled onto her stomach. The Ace pushed up her skirt and pulled her underwear aside, then rammed his cock into her pussy. Alisa moaned as he thrust into her wet opening with surprising force for a man that just came. His hands slid between her and the bed and played with her breasts while his manhood carved into her. She was being pinned down and violated, and she liked it. The movement stopped and Alisa whined in frustration before yelling in surprise. The thug turned over on this back, pulling Alisa up on top of him. The thrusting continued and Alisa pressed her hands on his chest to balance herself. His hands rubbed and pushed her breasts together like he didn't know what to do with them. He clearly knew what to do with her pussy as he speared her over and over. Her pussy was more than wet by now and Alisa reveled in the way his cock slid so deeply into her. He lay there and fucked her for longer then she could keep track off before cumming in her pussy...

Alisa woke herself up with the force of her orgasm. She didn't need to look or feel to tell that the sheets were soaked. Having forced herself wide awake, she threw off the covers and sighed. That was a pretty big stain down there. She had worn only her bra and panties to bed, and those panties were about as wet as they could get. Alisa peeled them off and tossed her underwear into the hamper. Once she had changed into dry ones she allowed herself to think. What had she been doing, dreaming like that? Fantasizing about that scumbag pressing her down and reaming her pussy...Alisa stopped that train of thought at once. Instead she glared at the object on her nightstand like it was at fault. Kim had given her one of her old dildos after some teasing questions. The techie had moved on to what she called 'bigger and better things'. Alisa used it almost every night since Starch had been caught, but she had been too tired and pissed to do it. Was she really that sexually frustrated? Swearing, Alisa pulled the covers back over her and forced herself to sleep.

-

"What's up, Stanfield?"

It was lunch, and Alisa was talking to Rebecca. Ever since the incident with James the two girls had mildly improved their relationship. Alisa still thought the student president was a stuck up bitch, and Rebecca had no problem saying how the blonde new girl was an attention grabbing skank. But walking into a bathroom to see that new girl being fucked by a ghost and then having said skank save you from being raped does tend to make a small bond. Rebecca had not said so much as a word about that though. The Academy taught that civilians who witness such unnatural events try to rationalize and ignore them. The voice interrupted their talk, and both girls glared at the boy who spoke.

Mike was the first civilian to see Alisa in her hero outfit. She didn't think he knew who she was, and he had even given her a hint that busted Starch. He was also a proud pervert who had stopped trying to hide his looks at her breasts or ass after a few days.

"Mike. Busy day?" Rebecca said curtly.

The brown haired boy sat down across from them and munched on some chips, "The usual. But watching two well-endowed females getting along raises my spirits."

Alisa and Rebecca blushed in anger and the blonde girl snorted, "I doubt that's the only thing that rose."

Chris snapped his fingers, "Bingo."

Alisa sort of liked Mike. He was usually a normal guy, if not too laid-back and unconcerned. Alisa was less happy with his obvious perverted interests. But his open and confident attitude was endearing when it didn't make her want to slap him. Sadly random acts of violence were not part of the shy, polite schoolgirl she pretended to be. 

Rebecca sighed and twirled her own brown hair, "Really Mike, you need a girlfriend to whip you into shape."

"Ha, no thanks. Never again." 

Hmmm? They glanced at each other as Mike settled into his burger, "You had a girlfriend?"

Mike nodded, "Over the summer."

Alisa was interested, "What was she like?"

"Sexy, looked sinful in a swimsuit. Fucked like an animal."

Rebecca slammed the table and Alisa pinched her nose in irritation.

He just grunted and continued, "Fine, fine. Really just a ball of lust and energy. One hell of a swimmer though."

"What happened?"

"Found her fucking a girl one day. She had decided she liked eating pussy more than sucking cock...GAH!"

Rebecca had no such limits on her personality. So the president had leaned over and slapped him across the face.

"Language!"

"You asked..." Mike rubbed his cheek tenderly.

Alisa ducked her head a bit as half the cafeteria looked at them, "Sorry that happened."

Mike snorted with some bitterness, "So was I. Guess I ended up better for it."

Rebecca growled, "By better, you mean perverted?"

"What can I say; she gave me an appreciation for the female body."

"Some would call it sexual harassment."

"Not if you two would just say yes."

Rebecca flared up in anger and Alisa was a breath away from slapping him herself when the bell rang. Mike spun on his seat and ran off before either could get a word out.

Alisa sighed and stood, "He's fast."

"He is the best on the track team. If only his personality was a little better he might get some girls."

"You think some girls would like how eager he is to have sex."

Rebecca sighed, "Yeah, some are now that I think of it. I guess the problem really is that he is a picky pervert. He only acts that way to people he chooses."

"Like us?" Alisa still remembered a few days ago when he had somewhat subtly hinted the two girls would make a great pair for a threesome. Since Alisa wasn't attracted to other females she firmly refused. 

"Only us apparently. It's what we get for being so beautiful."

Alisa laughed. The rest of the day went by fast until the time she dreaded came. She had gone home and tossed on some clothing. What do you even wear when trying to get a job at a casino? With Kim's help she chose a matching red skirt and low-cut short sleeve. The Red Sand lived up to its name as a three story red building. The ground floor was the largest with all the assorted gambling set ups for the masses. The smaller next floor was a club to drink and dance. The top floor, the smallest, was topped with a glass pyramid for a roof and housed the offices for the Kilkin's and casino management. She heard the basement was a lounge for high rollers and the high up Aces, but Grant couldn't confirm that. Seemed like every Ace that was arrested was more afraid of Kilkin than some jail time.

The bouncers at the door smirked like idiots when she told them she was looking for a job. One barked into his earpiece and soon she was led to the third floor offices. Kilkin owned the Red Sand, but he was too busy running a gang to keep up with it. He apparently didn't trust his son to do it, since the manager was a man named Rob Alphon. He looked like he was made to be a manager the same way Jeff was born to become the know it all old man he was. A thin body that fit his suit and a pinched face that looked ready to give orders on the spot. Then again, when you have to run a casino owned by a criminal the stress might as well be stamped on the job description. Brian must pay him a lot to keep at it. And as his eyes filled with lust the minute he saw her, Alisa guessed he reaped some other benefits from being the boss.

Rob shuffled through the many papers on his desk as Alisa stood there, "So you are interested in employment at the Red Sand?"

Alisa nodded, "Yes, sir."

Rob nodded approvingly and finally found the paper he was looking for, "The bouncer said you wanted a waitress job. You would be required to bring food and drinks to the patrons and take orders back to the kitchens. Night hours, minimum wage."

Minimum? Cheap bastards, "Sounds good."

The manager scribbled down her name and age down on the sheet, "Please step into the room to your left. All applicants must try on their work uniforms. After this interview, the Red Sand does not accept complaints about workplace apparel."

When Alisa stepped into the small fitting room, she realized why there had probably been a lot of past complaints. Her uniform was a tight fitting red outfit that left her legs and shoulders bare. So tight she couldn't even wear underwear under it. The only things it did sort of cover were her pussy, ass, and breasts. Not even that, she realized as she put it on, since it pushed up her breasts and only just hit her lower parts. Some red heels completed the look. Oh did she hate heels. Rob nodded approvingly when she stepped out and walked behind her.

"Good fit. Now there are just a few rules."

Alisa nodded, "Like?"

"We don't exactly cater to well-mannered people here. Some drunk is probably going to cop a feel on you."

His hand pressed on her ass as a demonstration. Alisa clenched her teeth and didn't turn around.

"That happens, don't worry. Don't hit the guy either. Security will take care of it."

The hand hadn't left her ass and Alisa was getting annoyed, "I got it."

"The other rule is do as you're told. I or the bosses tell you to do something, you do it. Like if I say I want my cock sucked."

Alisa nodded in resignation, "Understood."

"Smart girl." He gave her ass a squeeze then went back to sit at his desk and unzip his pants. Alisa clenched her fist for a second before walking over and kneeling down. The hero pulled out Rob's dick and stroked it uncertainly. She experience with this was very limited to her first time and once with Starch. Rob didn't seem all that impressed either since he had her skip to the mouth. Alisa was a little better with this and Rob groaned when her lips clamped down on his rod. Like before Alisa sort of winged it and moved her head on his dick with her tongue rubbing against it. Every time she had enough of him in her mouth she would stop and suck on it before going back to bobbing. She seemed to have a natural talent for this since Rob soon grabbed her head and pulled her off his cock. His orgasm went off on her face, much to her bemusement. 
