 You'd think if you had a superpower you'd know about it, wouldn't you? I mean, what's the point otherwise? But apparently that was my situation. Looking back on it, I can see how I missed it. Life choices and all that, I guess. And, as it turned out, I'm not really sure I'm happy to know about it now.

* * *

I've always tried to be a nice guy. I'm only human, though, so when it came to women, I've always been conflicted. 

I like women, especially ones with great personalities. I enjoy talking to them, especially if it's an intelligent conversation, and I enjoy their company even when sex might not be on the agenda. As a result, I've always been friendly with most of the women I've known at work or in school.

But when it comes to dating, I'm a typical shallow male. I prefer women who could be models. I'm talking about blondes who are tall and really good-looking with firm breasts and who work out and watch their weight. 

What this meant in practice was that I dated women who were completely self-absorbed and unable to carry on anything resembling an intelligent conversation. The sex was boring, as each and every one of them just lay there, looking at her nails, I swear, while I was grinding away. I rarely got blowjobs and not a single one of the women ever swallowed.

I know, I know. There are lots of fabulous women who are beautiful, intelligent, sexy, and have great personalities. The problem is that I have no hope of dating those unicorns.

You see, I'm a pretty ordinary guy. I'm not repulsive but I'm nothing special either. I exercise but no more than is absolutely necessary. I usually watch what I eat but I do like my beer. I like to think I have a decent personality, but I'm quite aware that charisma and I are strangers to each other. I don't make big bucks and I'll never be famous.

But, I'm not complaining. My life has been good. My sex life could be better, but I could also win the lottery. I never expected either to happen.

Then I discovered my superpower and everything changed.

* * *

I must have been a little depressed at the time because it was a Saturday night and I was home alone thinking about getting ready for bed and it wasn't even midnight yet. As I sat thinking about it, I got a text from Judy asking if I could come and give her a ride home.

Judy's a friend. She was a skinny girl with stringy blond hair and a flat chest. She dressed the part, too, with her dorky glasses and mismatched clothes. She's actually very bright and very funny and I enjoyed her company a lot, but it wasn't like I owed her anything or wanted anything from her, so I texted back one word, "UBER."

My phone rang almost immediately. Judy told me Karen had abandoned her at this party and she needed a little more help getting home than Uber provided. I could hear the anxiety in her voice and suggested that perhaps she should call 911, that they could get there faster than I could.

"Jack, it's not that bad yet and if it gets that bad, it'll be too late. Please, I don't know anyone else to call. I need your help."

As I said, I try to be a nice guy, even if sometimes I'm being a sap. I punched the address into my phone and drove there immediately.

It was a pretty wild party that had spread to the front and back yards. I was surprised the police weren't there already. I put on my party face and went looking for Judy. It didn't take long.

She was in a fairly large room pretty much cornered by four guys. They all had their red beer cups in hand and were closing in on her as she stood with her back to the wall. 

Now, I'm nobodies' idea of a white knight, so I adopted a different tactic. Acting slightly inebriated, I started dancing to the music and clumsily bumped inside the group and said, "Hey, there you are Judy! How about that dance you promised me?"

I took her by the hand and started leading her away. "Excuse me fellas, this little lady owes me a dance."

Again, I was acting drunk and they were drunk, so I had her half way across the room before I heard the inevitable, "Well, she's with us now." And I had her out the door before they could actually try to stop me.

We got in the car and were on our way and I asked, "Are you OK? Hurt or anything?"

I could her the tears in her voice when she said, "I was so scared. I was all alone and didn't know what was going to happen to me. I'm never going to a party again."

I was relieved she had only been scared and couldn't help laughing at her, "Oh, you'll go to parties again. Just be careful who you go with, and by that I mean, Not Karen. You go together, you stay together. Then everyone has a good time and no one gets hurt. Everybody knows that."

I was glad to see I made her angry. She said, "Yeah, that was a really shitty thing she did to me. I need to be more careful about picking my friends."

We were quiet for the rest of the drive to her apartment building. When we pulled up in front, Judy turned to me and asked me if I wanted to come in. 

Now, here's the actual thing: I was horny, but I wasn't horny for Judy, if you know what I mean, and I didn't want to give her the false impression that I was open to anything more than friendship with her, so I just said, "Thanks, but I'm really tired and need to get home."

Judy nodded her head, turned to look out the front windshield, and just sat there. After just a very short while, I began to worry and said, "Are you OK? Do you need some help getting out?"

Without turning her head, she said, "Would you help me get out, please?"

I turned off the engine, got out, went to her side, and opened the door. She remained seated and I came closer and offered my hand.

Judy grabbed my arm and pulled me into her. With her other hand she began caressing my cock through my pants and bent her head down to kiss it. Like I said, I was horny and my cock responded of its own accord. Judy looked up at me and said, "If you won't come up, let me 'thank you' here. No strings attached."

Well, I do like the smart ones and Judy clearly understood my position, so what choice did I have? I unzipped my pants, stepped right up to the car entrance and let Judy take me into her mouth.

I didn't know what I had been missing. Even in this less than ideal situation, she was good. I had never felt anything like it. Lips, tongue, even teeth, all worked my cock in ways I had never felt before.

I was quickly approaching the point of no return and I grabbed her head and began thrusting as deep as I could go. She took it all and swirled her tongue around the head on every upstroke. I could feel my climax coming but I was beyond all reason and just kept pumping into her mouth and throat.

Judy gagged as I filled her mouth and throat but she swallowed it all without difficulty. She licked me clean and helped me rearrange my clothing. As I stood there dazed, she got up, kissed me lightly on the cheek, and went into her building.

She had said "no strings," but over the next few days I waited nervously for the text or call I dreaded: the one from Judy asking when we could get together again. But, it never came. What I didn't know was that my superpower had kicked in and lives were changing. 

* * *

The following Saturday evening I was down at O'Reilly's, drinking a beer, watching the guys shoot pool when a gaggle of females came in. A quick glance saw the usual crowd and I turned back to the game. Some of the others didn't though. They just stood there gawking.

I turned to look again and saw the woman who was the reason. She didn't belong with that group; they would never have become friendly with someone who made them look so much plainer than they already were.

This woman was as good-looking as any woman I had ever seen in the flesh. She was just my type, and I was mentally developing this ridiculously elaborate plan to separate her from the herd when she waved over at us, got up and walked right over to me.

"Hello, Jack. I've been meaning to call you all week but things got really hectic for a while there. Can we get together and talk later? Text me and I'll get away from my friends, OK?"

I couldn't say a word. It had been exactly one week since I had watched Judy, a skinny little girl, enter her apartment and now Aphrodite had her memories and was speaking with her voice. It was really Judy, but she had gained weight in all the right places. She was well-proportioned and her flat chest was gone and what she had now was quite real and quite impressive. Even the glasses were gone, but I couldn't detect contacts in her beautiful blue eyes. She topped it all off with a wardrobe and hairstyle that matched her physique. It must have indeed been a busy week for her.

As soon as she returned to her table, the guys were all over me. I told them that our goddess was Judy Thompson. They looked at her again and recognition slowly dawned upon them. But the only thing those pea brains could come up with was, "Well, she cleans up nice." That was perhaps the understatement of the century.

* * *

Judy and I met outside the bar and went to a quieter place where we could be alone in a booth. As I've already noted, Judy was smart and she jumped right to the crux of the matter, "It started almost as soon as I got inside my apartment. My stomach seemed to be having an issue with something I swallowed," she paused to smirk at me.

"I thought about taking an antacid but I didn't think it would help. So I sat for a minute and things calmed down and I went to bed. But that was just the start. I had muscle cramps, a headache, strange dreams, nausea, and more aches than I've ever experienced before.

"When I woke up in the morning, I looked like this. Actually, the transformation wasn't complete, in fact, I still feel little changes coming on even now." She stopped, got a strange expression on her face, then smiled and said, "There, just now, something good just happened inside me, I can tell. The hard part's over I think, these are like little tweaks that make me giggle."

I was thinking, 'What the hell?' but I kept cool, "So you think I did this to you?"

"I'm not stupid, Jack. There's something about your cum that has magical effects. It seems like it's taking me to my full physical potential. Surely you knew about that already?"

Well, obviously, I didn't know about that already, but I wasn't about to admit that to the girl of my dreams. "Well, most women don't figure it out so quickly, if at all. And I don't share this with just anyone. You must realize that you're just a very special person to me. ... Would you like to go to my place and talk more about this?"

"Jack, we don't have time for that. You need to share this with more people. You know Sharon Miller don't you? I told her all about you and you need to give her a call and work your magic."

Well, I knew Sharon but not very well. She was a friend of some friends sort of acquaintance. She was a funny, fun-loving girl who was often the butt of jokes by some of the cruder guys. When she would come into O'Reilly's someone could always be counted on to call out "get the harpoons, here comes the land whale." I always thought it was rather juvenile but I didn't hang with those guys and it was none of my business, so I would just shake my head.

So you can understand I was a little put out. Here was Sharon, barely in my friend-zone, and Judy had told her that I had a sexual interest in her. Besides what exactly did Judy think would happen?

"Judy, I'm not even sure it would do anything for her. It may not work like that."

Judy wasn't dissuaded, "Well, we won't know until you try, will we?"

I probably should have just walked away at that point, but the more I looked and listened to Judy, the more I realized that she might really be something special, maybe even the girl for me. I liked her before and now I was getting a hard-on just looking at her. I wanted her to see me as someone she could count on, but facefucking her friend didn't really strike me as the way to her heart. I thought of a compromise.

"Tell you what, what if I just provide a sperm sample in a cup and you give it to her to swallow? Maybe that'll do the trick."

Like I said, Judy was a smart one. "No Jack. If we did that and it didn't work, we wouldn't know if it was because the magic doesn't work for her problem or the delivery system is wrong. You have to do it the same way you did me."

* * * 

Neither Sharon nor I were very comfortable with the situation which probably helped. She seemed to relax when she saw that I wasn't trying to humiliate her nor was I some horn dog willing to screw just about anything. We both just wanted to get it over with as quickly as possible and it was almost clinical.

She wasn't very talented, she wasn't very enthusiastic, and she wasn't very experienced, but my cock didn't care. I held her head as I pumped into her mouth, pausing only to tell her to watch the teeth, and then finished at the back of her throat. She gagged my cum down her throat and we got dressed and went our separate ways.

Sharon's transformation wasn't nearly as fast as Judy's had been but it was pretty obvious that she was changing. The weight dropped dramatically and she kept it in all the right places. A month later she was a stunning, voluptuous woman. 

The surprising thing was that her personality seemed to deteriorate just as quickly. Now that she had the super model body and looks, she started acting like one of my typical dates. She became self-centered and a bit haughty and her sense of humor simply evaporated. 

I was sitting in O'Reilly's one evening when Sharon walked in and started walking towards me with a big smile on her face. I started to stand up to give her a hug when I realized she wasn't smiling at me at all but at someone behind me. 

I turned to look over my shoulder and there was the whaling gang. Sharon walked right by me without even acknowledging my existence and walked up to Jeff. She put her arm around him and began playing with one of the buttons on his shirt. What almost made me laugh was that this was the guy who had been actually calling for the harpoons just a short time ago.

I told Judy the story and suggested maybe it was time to stop. I had been "helping" a few other of her friends and I was honestly getting tired of being some bizarre stud service. But Judy was persistent. She asked me to meet one more.

Mary was what is cruelly called a butterface. She had a remarkable body but a bad case of acne had left her face quite ravaged. She had become expert at applying makeup but it really didn't help much. She had kept a good attitude towards her lot in life and I thought she was a really nice person, so I really couldn't refuse to try to help.

Mary was the complete opposite of Sharon. When we got together she was wearing an incredibly slutty outfit and had a manner that would, how does the song put it, "make a dead man come." She came up to me immediately and started to undress me stroking my cock through my pants as she pulled them down. I pointed out that I wasn't there to ravish her, as much as I might like to, put to perform one particular sex act.

She just smiled, "I know. But I've always thought of you as someone special. I always wondered if there was some way we could get together. I could rock your world."

She was voracious. I didn't fuck her face because she never gave me the opportunity. She took my hard cock into her mouth and pushed forward until her nose flattened on my pubic bone. Back she pulled sucking so hard it hurt and then jammed back down to the base. She never paused and never slowed down. I was drained in record time. It was machine-like in its intensity and I was just glad when she swallowed.

I dressed and quickly left. I was fairly certain that she would soon have a beautiful face that would go with that sexy body but the thought was a little frightening. I pitied the men who would fall into her clutches.

I fully intended to tell Judy that that was the last one I was doing even if it meant that there would never be any chance of us being together, but when I was ready to confront her I saw she had a very worried look on her face. I asked her what the problem was.

"Diane Teller knows about this and she wants to be included."

It couldn't get much worse. I do get along with most women but not all of them and Diane was one whom I avoided as much as possible. She was probably a very good looking woman but it was hard to tell since she wore a perpetual scowl. And that was the least of it. She had the most toxic personality of any person I have ever met in my life. I don't think she had any friends but she did have her little following, little bitch wannabes. There was no way I was going to drop my trousers anywhere near her.

"Jack, if you don't get with her, she's going to make a really big stink about all this and it could get ugly. You have to do this."

I didn't see it that way. "I'm not afraid of anything Diane might say or do. I could easily weather any bullshit that came out about my actions. What's the worst that could happen? People might say 'Oh, that Jack. Did you hear how he had sex with a bunch of women?'"

Judy was worried and upset, "What about me? I'll come out looking like your pimp or something."

That made me pause, but I didn't want to make things any worse so I just said, "OK, then. Set it up."

* * *

Saying things went poorly is like saying Hurricane Andrew was a little windy. 

Diane was in fine form. First, she informed be that she was not taking any clothes off but I had to be completely nude. She then refused to kneel in front of me and said that we had to get on the bed. I was not to make any movements and she would perform oral sex on me at her own pace. 

Without saying a word, I followed all of her instructions completely, but it didn't make any difference. When I did cum she pulled her mouth away, saying I tasted terrible, and refused to swallow any of it.

I honestly don't know what changes would have occurred if she had swallowed but I really wasn't unhappy that she didn't swallow.

She did go public claiming that I was pulling a sex scam on unsuspecting women and it did generate a bit of talk and gossip but it never went viral. How could it since it wasn't a scam. When people asked the so-called victims about their experiences they all denied anything had happened and everything died down finally. 

The worst anyone ever came up with was that I had seduced a number of women just before their planned plastic surgery and I was telling everyone that I was responsible for their transformation. I wish I had thought of that; it sounds like a very good explanation of what actually happened. Of course, plastic surgery cuts don't heal quite that fast but maybe there's a new technique that does. Who knows?

I knew Judy must have been disappointed with me. She expected me to keep Diane from saying anything and I failed miserably. Judy's name never came up in all the speculation about the scam I was supposed to be pulling but she was one of the women I supposedly scammed.

Anyway, the worst of it was over, but I had had enough. The company I work for has several locations and I managed to get a transfer to another city. I was going to miss Judy but I was honest enough to admit I never really had a chance there. She now had the same opportunity the others had. She could easily find herself a good-looking guy with money and live happily ever after.

For myself, I was just looking for a chance at a fresh start without the low-level gossip and prattle that now followed me everywhere I went. 

* * * * *

* * * * *

In less than a year, I was meshing nicely with my new circumstances. I got along with my boss and co-workers and I settled into a routine similar to what I once had. Yes, that means that I dated the best-looking blondes I could find. I wasn't looking for a soulmate and I knew I wasn't going to find her that way. I didn't care. 
