 Rae was freaking out. Like a caged animal, she frantically paced the confines of her brother's room, her ponytail whipping about behind her head as she turned to-and-fro. Desperate to look anywhere but down at her own body where she could feel it throbbing and aching and transmitting a thousand other strange and unwelcome feelings back to her brain, Rae planted her gaze on her brother, Ethan, who sat at his desk looking back at her uncomfortably.

"I did something wrong, didn't I?" The words tumbled out of Rae's mouth in a breathy panic. "I mean, this wasn't supposed to happen, Ethan. Right? Right?!" But instead of reassuring her, Ethan only grimaced.

"Well, everyone's unique, lil sis." He said, raising a hand to ruffle his short, brown locks. A sign Rae knew meant that he was nervous. "You know that." He reminded her, sounding oh-so-reasonable. "I mean, you got the speed and the strength. We already confirmed the advanced healing factor and that your skin is getting harder. But the fifth power's always been a tossup and even though we think we know most of them, a new one still shows up every once in a while..." He shrugged uncomfortably, "your case just happens to be that once in a while."

The words made Rae feel like a knot in her belly had just been twisted tighter, sending a sick feeling up to lodge in her throat. She didn't want Ethan giving this legitimacy. She wanted him to tell her how to get rid of it! Stepping closer to her brother, Rae did her best to breathe deep, calming breaths. Getting angry wouldn't solve anything. Ethan was trying to help her. He just wanted to put things into perspective. Yea... perspective. He even had a point. There was nothing necessarily abnormal about this.

Rae had reached the edge of her brother's desk now, her slender but tall frame looming over the bespectacled Ethan who stared back at her over his laptop screen, blushing slightly.

Just a new power. That's all it was, just a new power. All Rae needed to do was accept that she'd been given a special gift. A special, extremely visible, completely and horribly life-ruining gift... With a sick smile plastered across her face, Rae planted her arms on her brother's desk, leaning her chin across the top of his laptop so that their faces were almost touching. Ignoring the way Ethan's eyes widened slightly over her expression, Rae said, as calmly as she could, "So what you're telling me, big bro, is that this is perfectly natural?"

Ethan cleared his throat, doing his best to sound confident and not as if he was just as confused as his teenage sister. "Well, it's not exactly natural." Rae's eyes narrowed and Ethan gulped, hurrying to explain what he meant. "That is... nothing about supers is strictly natural Rae. I mean, that's where it comes from; supernatural, more than natural." Hedging his bets, Ethan continued quickly, before Rae could interrupt. "But it is normal, Rae. New, but normal."

If Ethan had hoped his words would calm his sister's fraying nerves that hope was in vain. Abruptly, Rae whipped herself around Ethan's desk. She stepped over cables and various tangled wires with a grace and speed that no human, or Rae herself less than a day earlier, could have matched so that she was standing beside him in the time it took for Ethan to blink once. Still showing a worrying expression on her face, Rae held up a finger.

"You know I'm a girl, right?" She asked, sweetly.

Hesitant, and with a sinking suspicion in his gut about where this was going, Ethan nodded tersely.

"And you know, my super smart big brother, that there are fundamental, physical differences between boys and girls?" Rae continued and Ethan could only nod again.

"Then how the hell is this supposed to be a NORMAL!" Rae shouted, cheeks gone crimson with embarrassment as she flipped her finger around to point down past the clingy, white nightie that only partially obscured her pert, b-cup breasts to the erect penis sticking up out of her lacy, pink panties. "How is it NORMAL that my power is to have a boy's... tool!" She wailed, feeling tears start to trickle down her cheeks. This was supposed to be the best day of Rae's life. Her eighteenth birthday; the day she got her powers. Instead, it was rapidly shaping up to be the worst.

Collapsing to her knees before Ethan, Rae dissolved into sobs, but she couldn't even do that right. Just that short movement set it swaying back and forth several times. The base rubbing against her smooth, silky panties several times and making Rae shiver at the alien sensations. Ethan quickly got out of his chair to sit beside Rae, putting an arm around her shoulder and hugging her tightly to him.

Scrunching up her face, Rae sobbed into Ethan's shoulder and breathed in his unique scent; Lavender, mint, and a plentiful helping of musty bookworm. Gently, Ethan began stroking his sister's back; making shushing sounds and whispering that it would be ok. Not that it would be, Rae knew. Nothing would be ok from now on, and her wailing expressed that fact.

Even so, tears can only flow for so long, and eventually Rae drew in a shuddering breathe and collapsed against her brother as the last tear slid from her eye. She felt a little better after crying despite herself. It was nice to be held and comforted like this, even if it was by her icky brother.

But whatever sense of solace Rae had obtained from an hour spent sobbing into her brother's shoulder was gone as soon as she confirmed with her own eyes that her new appendage was still there. Sticking obscenely into the air and twitching in time with her heartbeat.

"I'm not even going to be able to keep people from finding out about it, am I?" She said despondently, before supplying her own answer. "Just look at it. It's massive; a truly superhuman package." Rae closed her eyes, fervently wishing that when she opened them it would be gone, but of course it wasn't. It was still there. A foot long, three inch thick slab of meat that had grown overnight from a spot just above her cunny.

Rae extracted herself from Ethan's arms while he was still struggling to come up with a suitable answer. Crossing the room, she stepped around the various piles of books and papers that covered the floor and flopped down onto her back on Ethan's queen sized bed. The stupid thing refused to lie down of course, and instead stuck up over her stomach at an angle so Rae found herself staring at it head on.

Since the moment she'd woken up with the thing and started screaming, Rae had done her best to avoid studying it in any detail. She'd hoped, desperately, that after her brother had come charging into her room in response to Rae's outburst Ethan would somehow be able to fix it. To make it go away so that she could find out what her real fifth power was.

Well, that didn't look like it was happening anytime soon, so this time around Rae forced herself to keep her eyes open and study in detail the... penis - she forced herself to use the word - that she might be stuck with for the rest of her life. In addition to its impressive dimensions, the penis... her penis had a number of veins visible across its length and the cap was slightly discolored from the blood her body was pumping into it. At the very tip, there was a tiny glistening hole that seemed to dilate minutely in time with Rae's breath, and before her eyes it was releasing a small bead of clear liquid that dripped off to land on her nightie.

Before the fabric could absorb it, Rae swabbed it up with one of her fingers. To her surprise, it was simultaneously slick and sticky, seeming to cling to her skin whilst spreading out across the pad of her finger. Tentatively, she brought the digit up to her nose and sniffed it. There was a faint, musky smell to it that tickled Rae's nose and reminded her a little of high school gym class when the boys worked up a sweat, but that was all. Lowering her hand, she was just in time to catch Ethan staring at her, red faced. 

At that moment Rae realized that she must look like a complete pervert. Lying on her brother's bed dressed in nothing but a nightgown and a pair of panties that no longer covered half of what they were supposed to cover thanks to a certain something sticking out of them. Not to mention that that something was sticking out of them.

"Oh gawd." Rae groaned, feeling her cheeks flush crimson. She'd been prancing around half-naked the entire morning, too wrapped up in her own concerns to think of what she was showing off to her brother. Frantically she tore the sheets from his bed and covered her new addition before clasping her hands over her eyes. "I'm so sorry, Ethan." She moaned into her hands.

Deeming that this would be an imprudent time to tease her, Ethan sighed and tried to pass it off, "Don't worry about it Sis. There were more important things to worry about than your state of dress, or undress rather. Besides," he tried a small smile, "it's not like I haven't seen you naked before. There was that one time when you were twelve-" He trailed off before shrugging and giving Rae, who had dropped her hands enough to start glaring at him, a sheepish look.

Yes, Rae remembered that day. Her brother had walked in on her while she was taking a bath and the first she knew that he was there was when he let out a strangled noise and darted back out of the bathroom. It might not have been so bad except she'd been mimicking the poses of some models Rae'd seen in a nudie mag she stole from her brother's room. She hadn't spoken to him for weeks afterwards, too embarrassed to even look at him. But that was nothing compared to now.

"I didn't have anything to see back then." At that moment Rae would have gladly shrunk into a ball and disappeared forever if it meant not having to live in a world where her own brother had seen her with a penis. "And besides," she wailed, "that was just for a second, but I've been in here for hours. Plus you hugged me when I was crying. I was right next to you and... and—"

Rae would have kept up, save that Ethan, afraid his sister, never the most emotionally stable of people, was about to start crying again held up his hands in a placatory gesture and interrupted her mid-sentence. "In that case, just go get some clothes on now and we'll forget it ever happened. The powers database isn't going anywhere and I'll give you a shout if I find something that may tell us more about yours."

"Yea," Rae nodded, more for her own benefit than his, "yea that's a good idea. Ok, I'll do that." Then, keeping the bed sheet wrapped around her body, Rae dashed out of the room in between one heartbeat and the next. Ethan watched the way his sister seemed to blur out of existence with a tiny bit of envy. He sometimes wondered what his life would have turned out like if he'd inherited his father's superhuman genes instead of his mother's regular ones.

Well, it hardly mattered. He wasn't a super, but he did know more about them than anyone else on the continent. Enough so that for years heroes and villains alike had been seeking out his online personae, 'Scholar' for current information on their rivals and sometimes even themselves. Ethan chuckled. He supposed he would have to content himself with that. Still laughing under his breath at how some of the supers he knew might react to finding out their contact was a regular human, he got back to querying his database with some simple SQL requests, looking for some piece of information about powers that altered the body he might've overlooked.

-

Not twenty minutes later, Rae tore her way back into Ethan's bedroom, tears once more beading her eyes and threatening to spill over. She'd exchanged the nightie for a tight green t-shirt that complimented her hazel eyes and black hair, but there was a problem.

"Nothing fits!" She half-shouted, bringing herself to a stop beside Ethan. After returning to her own bedroom, Rae had quickly discovered that modern teen fashions were simply not designed to accommodate foot long penises. "I can't bend it down enough to put it in my jeans, and even if I could, they're so tight that I think I'd rip them. And if I wear a skirt well... just see for yourself!"

And see Ethan did. His sister was wearing her longest skirt, a black knee-length piece that she normally avoided unless there was a need for something formal. Right now, however, the skirt was being lifted up into the air by a rather obviously shaped bulge such that the front barely covered Rae's panties. Ethan could only imagine what it would look like if she wore one of her miniskirts. Hmmmm, he'd probably be able to see all the way up to - Ethan caught himself. That was dangerous territory. Better to avoid it. Shaking his head once to clear it of unnecessary thoughts Ethan met Rae's eyes with his own.

Rae was looking expectantly at her brother. She needed him to have a solution to this problem. Didn't he have one of these things after all? Ethan obviously knew how to keep his hidden. Surely he'd be able to show Rae too. Even if hers was a little bit bigger than normal ones were supposed to be.

"Have you um," Ethan found himself stumbling over his tongue as he tried to dance around a subject he wasn't sure his sister knew anything about. "Have you tried er... making it so it wasn't hard?" He probed, but Rae still seemed confused as if she didn't really catch his meaning.

Nevertheless, Rae latched onto the possibility of a solution and refused to let it go. "So I can do that? I mean, I had sex-ed in elementary school," she qualified, trying not to sound as ignorant as she felt herself to be, "But I thought boys needed a girl's help to make them soft again." Then her eyes widened as she realized the obvious. "Wait, do you think, since I'm a girl... I can do it myself?" She stared down at her crotch uncertainly, "I don't think I can bend it enough so it'll go in though." Rae muttered darkly, looking like she was willing to try it anyway.

Torn between the desire to slam his forehead against the wall, and the need to help her, Ethan reluctantly chose the latter course. "No, no. That's not it Rae." He assured her. "Yes, you can do it on your own, but no, you don't have to put it in your, ahem... special place." Ethan finished lamely before loudly clearing his throat. "Anyway, that is to say, there are other ways than intercourse to make a penis flaccid."

"Really?" Rae began to feel a timid curiosity and a glimmer of hope. Then, "Teach me." She commanded, blushing. At that moment, Rae felt as if she were riding a wild rollercoaster of emotions. Being driven wildly from one to another in quick succession. Was this how boys felt all the time? She'd been under the impression that girls were supposed to be the emotional ones, but maybe she was wrong. It certainly felt like it was her penis that was making it harder to think. What with its constant throbbing and the strange feeling that there was something Rae needed to do with it. In the midst of such confusion, her only point of stability was Ethan and so she clung to him anxiously.

"Well, there are several ways." Ethan began, hiding his embarrassment by adopting a lecturing tone that Rae had long since become familiar with. Sitting down before him, Rae used one hand to keep her penis from lifting up her skirt too much then opened her ears to listen.

"The first, of course, is to just wait. After a long enough time most guys will become flaccid because their body halts production of the neurotransmitter that lets blood flow to your genitals. But," Ethan scratched his stubbly chin, "I don't think that's gonna work for you. I mean, you've been erect long enough that if you were on Viagra it'd be time to call the doctor, and regular morning wood usually goes away pretty quickly. So I'll rule the waiting strategy out. The second, and I suppose all the others technically, involve bringing yourself to climax..." Not sure where to go from there, Ethan let his words dwindle away into silence.

Rae ruminated on this before tentatively venturing to say, "So you mean, like, um, touching it and stuff?" Ethan nodded, and when he didn't continue Rae realized she was going to have to admit to her ignorance. "...How?" She asked, deciding she was suddenly fascinated by the off-white carpeting that covered her brother's room. 

Ethan groaned. There was no way he wanted to go over the finer points of masturbation with his little sister. Yet here he was.

"You've got to, you know, jerk it." He said, at last, firing the words off as quickly as he could, but Rae didn't know, and perhaps that was the problem. She thought about this briefly before nodding slowly to herself. A nod which Ethan interpreted in an entirely incorrect way. "Then you have before? With a boy?" Incredulity, and the naturally scandalized feelings of an older brother who has just discovered that his sister has taken several steps towards adulthood without his noticing, filled Ethan. Along with, Ethan was surprised to discover, a certain amount of possessive jealousy. How dare some Boy force Ethan's cute little sister to paw at him with her delicate hands! Because that was obviously how it had gone down, by force. Whoever he was, he'd best start worrying, because Ethan was going to find him and then he was going to beat the living daylights out of the boy. Super or not!

"NO!" Rae shouted a second later, however, drawing Ethan back to reality. She was staring up at him with a horrified look in her eyes. "NO!" She repeated. "I've never done anything like that. I never wanted to do anything like that. I don't want to do something like that now! But I've got to, don't I." She stared miserably at her brother who found himself nodding sympathetically.

"I think it's the only choice sis."

Once more Rae stared down at her penis, still held down by her hand through the skirt. Gingerly, she squeezed. It was strange. The outer bits and the tip especially were squishy at first, but just below the surface, it began to feel like she was clutching a hot iron bar.

She couldn't do it, Rae realized at that moment. It was too scary. Starting a few years earlier Rae had diddled herself late at night every once in a while. Those nights always ended with her biting her pillow to keep from waking Ethan while her body was wracked with waves of pleasure that didn't subside until she felt completely wrung out and could only twitch feebly.

Afterwards, she always felt guilty and ashamed of what she'd done and would resist the urge for several weeks before giving in again, but at least that was normal. It was something lots of girls did. Some of them much more than Rae, and they were fine, but what would a penis do to her? No. She couldn't do it... but she had to... but she couldn't! Faced with this mental dilemma, Rae fidgeted anxiously until an idea dawned. She couldn't do it, but she knew someone who could. Someone who had probably done it so many times he was a master.

Glancing up, Rae found she couldn't bear to meet her brother's eyes, so she stared fixedly at the wall beside him and said, "Sh... show me how."

"Huh?" Ethan replied, dumbfounded by his sister's terse statement.

If possible, Rae felt herself blushing harder and she bit her lip nervously. Then, gradually, she began to inch her skirt up her legs. In her rush to get back to Ethan's room, she hadn't put on any panties, so when the thin fabric was bundled into a line at her waste Rae knew her brother would be able to see everything. Both her penis and her traitorous cunny, which had gotten all wet and was trying to act like it was enjoying itself.

Ethan, meanwhile, was just sitting there staring at his little sister in shock as she bared herself before him. Gulping, he did his best not to focus on the sudden hardness in his crotch. "H-hold on a sec sis. What do you think you're doing..." He started to say, even though it was quite obvious what was going on.
