 The murder of a major crime lord in his own office had sent ripples across the city. The Aces had already started fighting over who would take over. His son was the obvious runner up, but there were more than a few higher ups who didn't want to take orders from Brandon Kilkin. Violence escalated almost overnight as the different factions hit their own people, the other gangs, and just about anything else. This put a massive load on Grant, who was perfectly happy to chew out Alisa for this. Thus the heroine sat in his office and stared at the countless reports and complaints of the last two days.

"Tell me, girl. Does the Brotherhood teach you people the difference between bringing in someone alive and killing them? Because I have these bastards in red running around and no definitive leader to bring them in!"

Normally Grant got an argument or quip for his troubles. But this time the hero just sighed deeply. The motion made her large breasts bounce a bit. Grant rubbed his eyes. Would it kill her to at least zip up her jacket? Even the female heroes of this generation dressed outrageously.

"Now you're saying that he was killed, before you got there, but the Grim Reaper?"

Alisa shook her head, "Sort of. Look, you know everyone has enemies. The Brotherhood is no different. I guess it comes down to what scares superhumans. That is one of the worst."

Grant couldn't remember the last time she ever sounded this subdued. Probably never. His headache grew though. It was more or less a given that eventually something bigger than some gangs would end up in Allston because of her. He had really hoped it wouldn't be this soon.

"So what is the deal?"

"We call it the Slayer. For the simple reason it only seems to go after our kind."

The rest did nothing for Grant. A being robed in black and wearing a white skull mask. Even used a scythe. Sounded like a joke, but Grant had never heard of a joke killing seven superheroes. At once. Its total kill count for heroes was at twenty that they knew off. Who knows how many villains or rouge supers were not part of that list. The Slayer had never been known to talk, no one knew its gender, where it came from, or if it even had powers. Mix it all together and Grant saw the perfect recipe for true fear. Grant took a gulp of coffee and sat back.

"Great. So why come to Allston for some rookie hero?"

Her blue eyes twitched in annoyance, "Paid to, probably. It does take jobs. Whoever brought it here would need deep pockets though."

Grant tapped the desk, "Peachy. I suppose the gangs could bankroll the Slayer, but a dead Ace boss isn't going to make up the money fast."

Alisa said nothing as she stood up and stretched. Grant looked down at his papers to avoid staring. He was too old to be getting a boner from some barely dressed girl.

"Ever think of getting a real costume?" He said instead.

Alisa shrugged, "Supposedly on the way. With the Slayer in town I could probably get a nuke delivered tomorrow."

"Dear lord, help me." Grant muttered.

-

Alisa yawned as the time passed. The street was empty, normal for this time of night and perfect for her. Blue Devils liked to move their stolen vehicles through places like this. Fast, less traffic and police, and it was harder to damage the goods. Dented sports cars sold for less after all. Damn it if they couldn't move the stuff earlier though, she was starting to fall asleep in class. The sounds of tires perked her up just as a truck pulling a trailer came into view. The trailer was covered but Alisa knew the cars were there. The hero stood up and stretched while the truck came closer. She was tucked in the entrance of a building so the driver probably wouldn't see her until she was ready. The truck drove by her none the wiser and Alisa took off behind it. The blonde ran up to the end of the trailer and jumped, grabbing onto the cover and pushed herself against it. Slowly she climbed up until she reached the top of the trailer and sighed. Now all she needed to do was cling onto it until he took her right to the drop off point. 

"This guy better not suck at driving..." Alisa grouched.

Streets and building passed by until the truck finally pulled into a large garage attached to a warehouse. Original. A few Blue Devils guarded the place while others hurried up to the trailer. Alisa quickly slipped over the side and crouched behind rolled under the trailer as the cover was pulled off. 

"This all of them?" A voice sounded.

The driver got out and joined them, "Yep."

"I thought we were getting more." 

The driver stepped back a bit, "Orders from the boss to scale down. Doesn't like the idea of big loads when we have heroes and Aces going nuts."

The first voice grunted, "Fucking reds can't keep their shit together. Alright, unload the cars and check 'em. We move them out of town tomorrow."

Alisa tapped the floor thoughtfully. She had meant to take this place out and call it a day. But this was the first she heard of a place outside of Allston for high value cars like this. Usually they changed the color and wheels to resell. The goons started unloading the trailer the driver was told to show back up tomorrow night. She cringed at the idea of another late night, but something big might get Grant off her ass for a while. 

Alisa carefully crawled out of her spot and slipped between boxes and cars until she found a door she could get out with. It was dead around this part of town, which made catching up to the driver easy. He was walking toward some trashy bar and muttering to himself about having to lose sleep again. Alisa couldn't help but understand. 

"Hey, mister!" Alisa said and began running.

The guy turned around, turned visibly pale, and started to run. Sadly for him Alisa had him beat on that scare. The blonde jumped and slammed her boot against his back to send him tumbling down. Before he had time to do anything but groan her hand was against his mouth and she was dragging him between two buildings. 

"Shut up, or I'll feed you your own teeth!" Alisa hissed.

The thrashing and sounds stopped beyond heavy breathing. 

"Now when I let go, you stay. Run, crawl, or try to scream and good luck driving again."

He nodded franticly and Alisa let him go. Looking closer the driver was in his twenties, with probably blonde hair under a blue bandana. A blue cloth was also tied around the arm of his shirt. Typical low level flunkie. Alisa crouched down and rubbed her fist.

"You drive for the Devils, right?"

The man nodded in fear, his eyes fighting between her fists and her breasts. Alisa grunted.

"Good. Where are those cars you delivered going?"

"Cars? I-I just drive the crew around, get them from place to place."

Alisa sighed and grasped his shoulder and squeezed. Not much, just enough to remind him she could easily shatter the bones. He stiffed up quick.

"I rode on the top of your truck long enough tonight to know what you carry and don't carry. Now. Where?"

Alisa didn't think she had ever heard a normal person breath has heavily as he was. She wasn't all that thrilled with the idea of him having a heart attack right now. An idea hit her and she glanced around to make sure no dealers or homeless were peeking. Then she looked back at him with a smile. The driver couldn't decide if that was good or bad for him. 

"Tell you what. We work out a deal. You are going to tell me what I want to know..." Alisa rested her other hand over his package, "And I do you a favor."

His member hardened almost at once under her hand, "Y..you mean I get to fu..."

Alisa gave his shoulder another squeeze to calm him down, "Slow down there. Stuff like that needs real good info."

The driver gulped and tried to put on the tough act, "No pussy sounds like a bad trade."

"Oh?" Alisa leaned in close, making sure he could see her breasts straining on her swimtop, "I could just drop you off for a body cast. Maybe I shouldn't have been so nice."

"Whoa whoa whoa! Alright! Fuck..." His brain was probably rattling between his lust and what the Devils would do to him if this ever got out, "The cars are being moved to some old garage north of town. None of the other gangs have territory up there and the Devils wanted to do business out there away from you."

Alisa unzipped his pants and fished out his cock, stroking it was he talked. Her eyes never leaving his face the hero slid down until she was right near his rod. 

"And from there?"

"Shit, the hero is really..." The driver's dick twitched, "I don't know. Probably get them ready for sale, or sell them there. I just take them up there."

Alisa continued to jack him while building up her plan, "Ok. Tomorrow you are going to take me up there."

The driver sat up so fast Alisa nearly ripped his dick off. He stopped, but just barely.

"Fuck no! Doesn't matter if you offer me every bitch in the Brotherhood!"

"I'm not offering every woman in the Brotherhood." Alisa growled dangerously, "I'm offering you one. And we both know you're going to take it."

He raised his hands in defeat, "Fine, fucking fine. They don't pay me enough to go to the hospital for them. They find out I did this and I'm ratting though. I sure as hell aint dying for you either."

Alisa nodded and stood up, "Good man. Stop the truck at the rest stop just outside the city. I'll meet you there."

"And then we..."

Alisa rolled her eyes and nodded. The Devil quickly zipped up his boner and scurried away. The hero watched him go with some pity and disgust. Then she glanced around the area. No thugs, cops, or black cloaks. Alisa was done here and made a beeline for home.

-

Alisa lay on her bed, her fingers already buried in her pussy. Baiting that asshole with sex worked pretty well but it worked her up a bit too much. Maybe because she was starved for sex that didn't involve force against her. Whatever the reason, the first thing she did when she got home was strip and pleasure herself. The blonde sighed and slid her other hand over her breasts. She pictured herself back in that alley, the driver convincing her to let him get some now. Her hand left her entrance to grab the dildo and rub it against her. She was appreciative that Kim let her have it but couldn't help but be concerned that the other woman considered it 'not enough' for her anymore. It was a fairly large object. Alisa slowly pushed the head into her before ramming it in. She cried out and arched her back but kept moving the toy in her. Rough, like some Devil thug that probably needed a girl piss drunk to get lucky with. Alisa tweaked and pulled at her tits while pulling fake dick out and pushing it back in. Soon enough she had as good a rhythm as she could get with her position. She was thrusting it in her at a steady pace when it started vibrating. The shaft was deep in her pussy and the sudden movement shocked Alisa into her climax. She managed to cover her cry as her body shook in pleasure. Once it was done Alisa quickly pulled it out and looked it over. Besides being coated in her juices it didn't look any different. She didn't even know it could vibrate. The door to her room opened and Kim poked a smiling face in. 

Alisa turned beat red, "You?!"

"Yep, yep. I was working when I realized I never gave you the remote for it. So I pop over to fix that and it tells me the little guy is on. Couldn't resist."

"Well resist next time!" Alisa snapped before grimacing, "Did you call it a 'little guy'?"

Kim just smiled and tossed her the remote, "Baby steps, boss. One day I'll show you the big people toys."

With that she was gone. Alisa glanced down at the dildo and shivered. She needed to get Kim's mental records from Jeff.

-

"What is this?" Alisa asked with her arms crossed.

The Blue Devil was at the spot with the truck. They were slightly out of town and everything looked ready to go. Except he did not come alone. Another Devil with buzzed brown hair stood next to him and waved.

"This is Josh, pal of mine in the Devils. Uh, name's Matt by the way. Don't think I said that." Matt said in response.

Alisa was not amused, "Great. What is he doing here?"

Josh cut it, "Matt got a little drunk last night and told me about your deal. I want in. On all of it." He finished with a look at her body.

"Why on earth would I ever do that?"

"I'm higher up in the Devils then Matt, not by much. You bust this operation and the bosses are going to need to make some changes. Perfect for a guy trying to move up in the world."

Alisa grunted and tilted her head, "And the part why you are here?"

Josh shrugged and eyed her lustily, "I want to fuck you, obviously. And when this goes down I keep the people from sniffing around Matt. Contacts are nice to have."

The hero frowned, "I want to make one thing clear."

With that she grabbed both thugs by the shirt and lifted them up. She slammed them against the truck and left them sweat for a minute.

"If anyone, and I mean anyone, finds out about this I will find you. It will be easy and I will make it painful. So if either of you ever think about bragging about this while piss drunk think how hard it will be to brag with no teeth."

Matt gulped and Josh nodded quickly.

"Good." Alisa let them go.

Matt gasped for a minute then opened the door to the backseat. Alisa blushed under her cloth and climbed in. Matt followed with Josh.

"Matt goes first, I get you next."

Alisa didn't respond, she just shrugged off her jacket and pulled down her skirt. By the time the rest was off both men had their dicks out. 

"Damn, look at those tits." Matt said with a whistle. 

Still blushing Alisa climbed up on his lap. Matt flicked her tits with his tongue and ran his hands down her body. The hero lined her entrance up with his rod and lowered herself. She was halfway down when Matt grabbed her.

"Just relax and enjoy it."

Matt lifted her hips up and brought her down hard on his cock. Alisa clung to him, burying his face in her breasts. The Devil happily sucked on her tits while bring her up to the tip of his rod and slamming her back down. Damn, she was tight. Then she started moving and Matt almost came right there. Were all heroines sex gods? He gave her ass a firm squeeze and thrust to meet her movement. The hero found her balance and rode his cock eagerly. Matt rubbed his finger against her clit, coating it in her juice. He reached around her and carefully pushed the digit in her other hole. Alisa gasped and tightened up but never stopped moving.

Matt groaned and swatted her ass, "Just like that."

Josh watched the hot bitch bounce on his friend's dick with his own rod in his hand. She sure acted tough, but Josh noticed her get submissive fast once the fucking started. Matt had a juiced up finger up her ass and all she did was moan louder for it. That gave Josh an idea. Matt didn't look like he was going to give the hero up soon and who the hell knew how long she could actually keep going. Matt saw his pal move up to them and smirked into her tits before removing his finger. Alisa grunted when the Devil stopped thrusting, his hands trying to hold her still. Then a second pair of hands held her and something rammed into her ass. Alisa cried out and looked back to see Josh working his dick into her. 

"No!" 

Josh reached around to grasp her breasts, "We each get a turn right?"

Matt felt up her ass and went back to thrusting. Both men moved in her at once and Alisa saw stars.

"Shit..."

The two friends had probably done this before since they were soon plugging into her in rhythm. Alisa tried to adjust but could barely keep her thoughts together let alone match them. Eventually she stopped trying and let them work. The Devils were more than happy to just fuck her. Josh rolled and pinched her tits while Matt squeezed and rubbed her ass, both of them teased her neck with their lips. Alisa was panting heavily from the pressure and felt her peak approaching. With a loud scream she clamped down on Matt and climaxed. 

"Fuck!" Matt cried himself when things suddenly got tighter.

Her convulsions were too much and he blew his load in her. Alisa clung to him as he filled her pussy. Josh wasn't done and continued thrusting into her ass. The force rocked her body, with another cock still in her, until she was muttering to herself in pleasure.

Matt slumped under her and chuckled, "What a slut we found, huh?"

Josh just grunted and kept moving. The man seemed on a one man mission to make the hero cum again. It didn't take long in her state, still impaled on two rods. Matt felt it and quickly pulled out of her entrance. He didn't much feel like having his dick crushed, if she could even do that. Josh buried himself in her ass and came with relish. The feeling of getting filled again pushed the blonde girl over the edge for the second time tonight. The Devil pulled out and let Alisa slump down with the friends on either side of her.

Once she caught her breath Alisa flared up, "You assholes!"

Matt flinched but kept his cool, "I didn't hear any real complaints. Josh?"

Josh shook his head, "You seemed as into it as we were."

The hero righted herself on the seat and pointed at the front seat, "One of you, drive. Now."

The tone offered no room for refusal. Josh zipped up his pants and climbed over to the wheel. It was amazing how quickly she shifted between the two levels of bitch so fast. He was happy enough though. He dumped his load in a hero's ass and, if this worked out, he was looking at advancement opportunities. 

-

The ride had to be the most awkward the two friends ever had. On one hand they were feeling great after the best fuck they had so far. On the other the best fuck of their life was seething in rage in the truck with them, looking pissed enough to remove their heads any minute. Matt and Josh didn't think she would actually kill them. But neither of them were willing to try her either. Which sucked for them since they were more than willing to go at her again. But the hero had quickly redressed and had done nothing but glare at them the whole time. 

Eventually they reached the spot, an old garage off the main road. They stopped to let Alisa out and kept driving. Alisa wanted to pummel them so bad, but busting those two would end with the entire jail knowing how anal with her felt. Right now she needed to bank on fear of her to keep them in line. 

The garage she crept up behind was pretty large. On the outside it looked like any backcountry workshop despite the size. Peeking in the window Alisa saw a spotless operation, armed guards, and cars so expensive it could buy her Brotherhood building. Matt's truck was being unloaded and she had a decent idea what the odds were. It took a while before the truck was off, but Alisa was finally rid of her scumbag allies. She climbed up to the roof and crept along until she was where the new arrivals were. The faint sounds of cars starting and being moved were under her. Alisa rubbed her hands and got ready. Poor bastards were about to feel how pissed she was. The hero slammed down her foot through the roof and leapt down.

-

"Yep, thanks." Alisa ended the call and tossed the phone she took off a Devil.

The police were on their way. Grant had sounded somewhat pleased to know only some of the cars had been damaged in her rampage. The Devils that hadn't been knocked out cold were tied up on a corner looking none too pleased. That was the best part for her. Letting these assholes know that hiding from her was not going to be easy. Then the fear and paranoia sets in. But more than that Alisa felt real good. While she was knocked heads together an idea hit her about as hard as she hit a guard. She might need to call on those two assholes again, but with luck she would be rid of them as well. Grinning to herself Alisa sat back, waited for the police, and decided she knew how to deal with the Slayer.