 This is my first story with no connection in any way to the world of Search for the Goddess and Huntress of the Night. As such, reading those is encouraged but not required. The heroine of this story is slightly different sexually from Alexis or Kara. Alexis prefers normal sex despite her situation, Kara can't stand not being the dominant one, and Alisa is one that prefers being dominated though she is not aware of it. I say this as warning that this and following chapters feature the usual consent and no consent. If you do not like that then as always turn away. No one engaged in a sexual act is below the age of eighteen. Comments both positive and negative are welcome as long as they are civil.

-

Mike sighed as he pulled out his wallet. It was 10 at night and he had been walking home from the movies when the two thugs held him up. It wasn't anything new in Allston that was for sure. The crime rate was high, the leaders were corrupt or idiots, and what honest police there were had their hands full with the dishonest. There were worst places to be sure, ones filled with murder and chaos rather than robbery and bribes, but Allston was still bad. 

One of the thugs held out his hand, "You know the drill, Mike."

Mike did. This street was the fastest, and safest, way home. The gang that ran the street, the Crowns, had collected from him so much they knew him by name. The twenty buck toll was high, but at least the Crowns liked people to pay and leave than just beat the shit out of them like the Aces. Mike had just pulled out the twenty when a rock hit the thug from behind.

He rubbed his head and turned, "The fuck?"

All three of them stopped in their tracks. The young old girl, likely eighteen, in front of them was something else. Her creamy skin showed since she was dressed very loosely. A short black skirt with suspends over her red bikini top that stretched over her large breasts, and covered by an open brown jacket. Some mountain boots and black leather gloves matched with the grey cloth over her face and the red cap she wore over blonde hair that went a little past her shoulders. Since her face was covered, all they could see were blue eyes.

The other thug whistled, "Damn, look at you. You dress up in that for us?"

"Maybe. Let the other guy walk and I might even show for you." The girl said so with very real confidence.

The two glanced at each other and laughed. They were older, bigger, and more built than her. 

"How bout this? We collect the toll, and then fuck you in an alley for your toll?"

The girl whistled and shook her head, "Wrong answer."

The girl took off running at them. The first thug clenched his fist, ran up to her, and punched. The girl reached out and grabbed the fist like nothing.

"Wha..." Was all the guy got out before a knee was driven into his stomach. 

Not even stopping to watch him collapse, she jumped up and roundhouse kicked the other man in the face. Mike winced, he was sure something broke. The thug fell with a thud and the street was silent. Mike looked in awe at the strong, hot girl that was nudging the silent thug with her boot. Every move and blow made her breasts bounce and jiggle, and his eyes roamed up her bare legs. Damn, this was the wrong time to be getting a boner.

"Uhhh."

She looked up at him as if just remembering him, and took off down the street.

Mike ran after her, "Wait!" 

A stupid move? Maybe. But he at least needed to thank her. Did she think he was making a move? That might end painfully for him. He hoped he could at least explain. It was not to be as she rounded a corner. When he turned, she had vanished.

-

Alisa watched from the roof as the boy searched for her. Looked about a year older than her, probably in school like she would be. He had short brown hair and eyes with a handsome face. She couldn't see his body well under his shirt and light coat, but he seemed fairly built. She needed to remember him, and try to avoid him.

Sighing, the man gave up and walked off. Alisa figured it was time to go home as well. 

Alisa was, simply put, a superhero. A new one, but a hero. After the Devastation thirty years ago decimated the Earth, superhumans came out of hiding and took control for a time. Thankfully, they returned power to normal people after reconstruction was progressing and control was restored in many places. Free of ruling, the heroes founded the Brotherhood and sought to train other superhumans to be superheroes. They would then be assigned to a town or city to help keep a measure of order corrupt or useless leaders could not. Alisa, someone with amazing strength and speed, had just arrived in Allston as her posting.

The busty blonde used her strength to jump from roof to roof until she reached the backdoor of her home. She had to punch in her code to get in, pass a scan down the hall, and confirm her fingerprints for the elevator, as befitted a skyscraper. One perk of being part of the Brotherhood was the hideouts. The group owned the building through wealthy heroes so while people lived and worked without care, the top three floors were where Alisa and her team worked. The doors opened and she walked into the living room. Three other people lived with her as support. 

Jeff, the bald and bearded old man drinking tea, was so typical of the wise old man cliché it was scary. He was also the one that handled police or public officials when Alisa needed to ignore the law. 

Kim, the tomboy with the short red dyed hair, was the only other female in the team. When she wasn't swearing up a storm she built or fixed whatever Alisa needed. She was also the medic, but Alisa was not too sure how capable the slightly unhinged woman was.

Andrew, the one with shaved black hair gulping down a beer, was the only other one that had powers. He was not a superhero but his enhanced sight and reflexes put him in charge of security and spying. He rarely said anything at all.

Kim looked up and waved as Alisa sat down and sighed, "Welcome back boss! Good night?"

Alisa nodded and took off her cap and mask. Damn that stuff got stuffy.

"Took down two Crowns. Not bad for my first night out."

Jeff glanced at her and shook his head, "A miracle, given what you wear out there."

"Calm down, old man." Alisa smiled at him and relaxed. 

Yes, her 'costume' was unusual, especially for Alisa who preferred more covering clothes. But she had a killer body and decided to use it. One, most males she faced ended up distracted like the Crowns. Second, it was harder to recognize her in her more conservative clothing. Jeff and Andrew had worried about what someone would do to her, but she was a superhero.

Andrew finished his beer and set down the bottle, "Alisa, you should get some rest. You have school tomorrow."

Alisa groaned and slumped into the cushions. Andrew was firm, however.

"You spent years under the Academy's timetable. You are actually waking up later than before."

"Yea, but why am I a schoolgirl again?"

Kim snickered, "You look so cute in a skirt."

Andrew shook his head, "Your age makes school an ideal cover for now. Your grade also makes it good for being in the middle of criminal recruiting and drug operations. Now do you remember your cover?"

Alisa stood up and did an exaggerated bow, "I am Alisa Stanfield. I am not a super strong female with a hot body. I am a calm and innocent girl from out of town here to attend my senior year at Allston High. Let's be friends, or I will punch your brains out. "

Kim clapped happily while Andrew nodded in some satisfaction at her memory. Jeff rolled his eyes.

"Oh I am sure I will need to meet with the police chief on the first day."

-

Mike yawned as he lay on the grass in front of school. The first day of school was enough to tire anyone out. But when you spend the night looking around for a sexy savior you end up even more tired. He would probably need to avoid that street until the Crowns cooled down. A commotion disturbed him from his sun filled thoughts of bikini clad blondes. Looking up, Mike realized it didn't matter.

This blonde wore the school uniform sinfully. A black skirt that stopped halfway between her knees and waist, a white button up short-sleeve and a black tie. It was plain and ordinary, but with her figure it looked great. Her hair was a little over shoulder length with some of her hair tucked behind her ears. Her body and hair looked so similar that Mike's first thought was that they were the same. But as he sat up and admired, he realized they couldn't be. The girl last night was cocky and violent. The girl walking up to the school was polite to anyone who talked to her, mostly guys hitting on her. A new girl for senior year? Well, he supposed it wasn't that odd. Not like anyone seemed to be complaining. Mike snorted and lay back down. She was going to be popular that was for sure. Since he closed his eyes, he didn't notice the look she through him.

-

Alisa slightly picked up her pace toward the school when she noticed the boy on the grass. Of course he just had to be at the same school as her. Why did she even care? She was the superhero of Allston; she was going to be seen in her costume by a lot of people. Maybe she was just nervous because he was the first to see her. He might also be the first not to hit on her judging from the small crowd of boys following her. It was sort of like the Academy, only a little more pathetic. She kept up her polite personality to refuse them and entered the school. 

It was almost eerie how all schools looked the same. Looking around at the average school, Alisa wondered how cheap the Brotherhood really was. 

"Miss Stanfield?" A voice came from down the hall. Alisa saw a middle aged man with blonde hair and green eyes wave at her. The boys that had followed her in vanished at his appearance. 

Walking up to him, Alisa nodded, "Yes, sir."

The man laughed and shook his head, "No need for that. James Starch, your homeroom teacher. The principle asked me to show our newest student to her class."

Alisa thanked him and they set off down the hall. James pointed out the different rooms, the stairs that led down to the cafeteria, the club room on the second floor, the bathroom on their floor, and all of that. Alisa could tell that James was professional, polite, and perverted. It may have been her own training, but she didn't miss a single glance he shot at her breasts or ass. She guessed it happened a lot when your homeroom class is full of hot and now legal girls. But he kept it subtle so Alisa chalked him in with half of the male population here.

"And here is our room. Your schedule and supply list for the different classes are on your desk. I have to go to the office, so feel free to get used to things."

James put his hand on her shoulder and squeezed it. Alisa would have snorted at how obvious it was, but she was a polite girl here. So she dropped her head slightly in mock embarrassment and thanked him. James smiled and walked away.

Alisa entered the room only to be blocked by another student. She wore her brown hair very long and straight and her grey eyes held the petty hostility high school girls tended to have. She had about the same body as Alisa only taller.

Alisa glanced around the room to find it mostly empty, except for the two of them and some students catching up near the back.

"Uhh...hello?" Alisa tried. 

The brunette crossed her arms and spoke, "So you're the new teacher's toy?"

Bitch. 

"Excuse me?"

"I said, you are Mr. Starch's first conquest for the year?"

Alisa frowned and glared back at her, "I'm sorry, I'm from out of town. Where I come from, it's polite to give names before talking like that. I am Alisa Stanfield."

The girl turned red and snorted, "Rebecca Christon, Student Council President."

Alisa thought back to the Academy President. He was stuffy and got a hard on for rules, but was polite over all. Made a pretty good burger for reasons no one ever knew. Rebecca was like his opposite.

"Well, Rebecca, I have no idea what you are talking about. I am only glad to know that the Student Council is so judgmental and rude to newcomers."

Alisa walked right past her, savoring the look of indignation on her face. Welcome to Senior year.

-

The rest of the day went on like a normal. Classes, lunch, and homework. She and Rebecca got into another argument during lunch and James had to break it up. Rebecca was right though, he was shameless. The lecture he gave after lunch incident was mostly him covertly hitting on them. She spent the day trying to avoid the boy, Mike, as well. That needed to stop or he would get suspicious. 

As the day ended Alisa stayed behind. The school stayed open late for clubs and council. Alisa figured it was the perfect time to scope out her new school. A hero needed to understand her surroundings. Eventually she went into the bathroom to check that out. She had gotten one or two offers from boys to sneak in there with her so maybe she should get the layout down.

It was then when she was suddenly grabbed by her hips and pushed against the counter. Alisa had been completely unprepared, because there was no one there. The mirror in the bathroom showed only her. So the fact that she was pushed by someone was more surprising than being pushed. Alisa tried to step back, but couldn't. Unseen hands held her hips and it felt like someone's body was pressing her against the counter.

Alisa gripped the counter as the unseen hands fondled her breasts. A ghost. A male ghost, she realized as something hard poked at her rear. The blonde swung her arm behind her just to pass through air. The hands pinched and twisted her nipples through her shirt as payback, earning a grunt from the hero. 

Ghosts were odd things. They were invisible and could pass through most objects, but could still interact with the world if they focused enough. Her ghost should not be able to roll her tips between its fingers unless it was putting his entire mind to it. The same did not apply to her, who could not touch or harm the ghost no matter what on her own. As long as the ghost maintained focus, she was trapped. The ghost pulled off her tie and tore open her shirt. In the mirror, she watched helplessly as her white bra was undone to expose her large breasts.

Her panties came next to let his invisible dick rub against her. Alisa moaned as his hands played with her bare breasts and his cock slide along her lower lips. Suddenly a hand left her breasts. Her confusion was answered when the ghost cupped her pussy with his hand and rubbed. 

"Ah, no!" Alisa whimpered lightly. The ghost stroked roughly and made the blonde girl thrash around.

A finger slid into her, making her squirm at the unfamiliar digit moving in her. This was completely unfair! What good were superpowers if she couldn't even use them? A second finger entered her and a jolt ran up her body. The fingering didn't last long and the hands in her pussy and on her breast went downward.

She was grabbed behind her knees and lifted her legs up. Alisa felt like she was struggling with air as his cock stopped rubbing. The ghost kept her facing in the mirror to watch as her pussy was spread open by his cock as he entered her. Alisa made a noise of surprise, he was quite big. He thrust into her next, moving in and out of her. The position let the unseen cock go deep into her, making her groan from the unfamiliar size. Panting heatedly, Alisa saw herself getting fucked in the mirror. Her breasts bounced with every thrust, her face was red with anger and arousal, and her juices flowed down onto the tiled floor. She tried uselessly to attack her enemy with her hands, but that only made the ghost drill her harder until she gave up. She had only had sex once before and her body's pleasure was overriding her anger. She didn't think it in her, but the whole situation was turning her on. Moaning louder Alisa turned her hands instead toward her own breasts. The ghost seemed to like that since his pace evened out. Her fingers tweaked and rubbed her tips desperately as Alisa watched it all in the reflection. The fire in Alisa's body was building fast as she felt her orgasm approach. She didn't want to give the ghost the satisfaction, but her body was screaming for release...

A scream of fear made both of them stop dead. In the mirror Alisa saw Rebecca standing at the doorway with blank shock on her pale face. Just like that the feeling of his cock in her vanished and she fell onto the floor. The surprise entrance of someone else made the ghost lose focus enough for Alisa to pass through him. The blonde girl rolled to the side to keep herself from being grabbed again. It was for nothing, since Rebecca was pulled by shoulders onto the floor. The ghost had ignored Alisa to keep a witness from running. A smart move, but leaving Alisa alone was a mistake. Ignoring the ache in her pussy, Alisa looked at the door. It needed to be pulled open, and the ghost was busy trying to force Rebecca's mouth open. As much as she wanted to, she couldn't leave the bitch like this.

Alisa moved fast, she had a small window for this. Throwing almost enough strength into her legs to crack the tiles she sped right through the ghost, grabbed and tossed Rebecca over her shoulder, and smashed the door open as she ran into the hallway. She had no way of knowing how far ahead of the ghost she was and didn't feel like finding out the hard way. 

"Rebecca!"

The brunette was shivering in fear. Damn it, Alisa needed her to talk.

"Listen, are there anyone other people in the school? Any place here where the ghost can't have witnesses?"

That seemed to rouse the draped girl enough. From behind her Alisa heard Rebecca say the student council was still in session. Perfect. The invisible pervert couldn't deal with any more than two people. The superhuman skidded on the floor and turned to run up the stairs. She couldn't see him, but her senses were screaming to keep moving. Second floor, almost there. The light in the council room was on. The ghost seemed to notice that as well and stopped. That's what Alisa's instinct said anyway. 

She stopped right outside the room and set Rebecca down against the wall. The two girls sat there panting in exhaustion and panic. Eventually Rebecca turned to Alisa and looked at the blonde's uniform.

"Alisa? What the hell just happened?"

Alisa shook her head and tried to button up her shirt. Some were still attached so it wasn't a total wreak, "Not now. Tomorrow morning."

Rebecca was about to protest when Alise shot her a look, "It could be standing right in front of us. Go back to your meeting. Leave with the rest. Don't say anything to anyone. I promise to try and explain tomorrow."

The president gulped and looked around nervously before nodding. She quickly entered the room and all but slammed the door shut. Alisa could hear her fake happy voice already. Guess it paid to be a bitch sometimes. She stood up as well and walked quickly down the hallway toward a window. She couldn't stay either. A ghost, a fucking ghost. And one with a sex drive. They sure didn't have Academy courses for that!

-

"It is not a ghost." Jeff sipped his tea thoughtfully from behind his desk.

His office, located on the lowest of the three floors they owned along with the other teammates workplaces, looked like a professor's office. Alisa swore he got a kick out of being a walking cliché. The hero was dressed in a long white skirt and a grey longsleeve. After changing, she had gone straight to Jeff. It may not be his official duty, but the old man was very knowledgeable. 

Alisa looked at him, "Not a ghost?"

The old man nodded and drank his tea.

"I'm pretty sure the thing molesting schoolgirls is a ghost, Jeff."

"Ah, but there is where you prove it is not a ghost. Ghosts are dead, spirits of those who will not or cannot pass on. While someone could have certainly died with lust or sexual regret, that person could not do what you claim happened without a host body."
