 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

It was getting late, back in the real world. Dan knew he should go to sleep, but he wasn't tired. And it was nice to visit a tavern before logging off, and not just for the Well Rested bonus it would give him tomorrow. He'd been pushing himself hard, recovering the levels he'd lost in the incident. And it had worked. Blaize Firewilde was back to level 15, close to where he'd been. It was nice, sometimes, to just relax in game after a long day of killing monsters. That wasn't to say that he didn't enjoy playing, but slowing things down made gaining levels feel like less of a grind. 

The Crooked Kettle was half full when he walked in. An even blend of adventurers and NPCs were busy drinking, playing cards, and eating - looked like honeyed ham tonight, with fresh bread and potato soup. No one looked up as Dan walked inside. He walked to the counter, put two coins down, and nodded over to an empty table when the innkeep looked up. Dan sat down, and the serving girl brought him two plates and a tall mug of ale five minutes later. She walked away, laughing and taking a stack of empty mugs from another table. The girl was cute. That used to be why Dan came to the Kettle. Now, it was kist out of habit. 

To tell the truth, he'd had a hard time finding anyone attractive these past two weeks. Even porn didn't really do it for him. Whenever he got horny - and that seemed to happen more and more often, especially in game - he really only thought about one person. It wasn't fair. He'd tried to forget about what had happened, scrub it from his memory, but nothing seemed to help. He'd even burned most of his in-game savings on a set of willpower-fortifying robes. They didn't work, though, and they were kind of itchy. He'd ended up re-selling them a couple days later. Oh, it wasn't that nothing turned him on. It was just that, once he got going, his thoughts always seemed to drift over to the succubus. It had gotten bad enough that he couldn't finish while he was thinking about anything else. 

Ugh, he was doing it again. Dan pushed the thoughts away and set in to his meal. It was excellent, as always. Sometimes, the best things about VR were the simplest ones. He wasn't sure how they imported the food the taverns served in Saga Online, but they'd done a hell of a job with it. He lounged back against the wall as he finished, propping one of his legs up on the bench and taking the last few sips from his ale. The rest of the evening would be easy: rent a room, head upstairs, and log off. He'd take care of a couple of chores in the real world, then go to sleep. 

Dan was relaxed enough that he didn't notice when the woman walked in. A silken cascade of blonde hair fell around her shoulders, highlighting her elegant features, full lips, and violet eyes. She walked forward a few steps, the heels of her calf-high leather boots clicking softly as she moved. Her black leather skirt was criminally short, concealing just the top of her thick, creamy thighs. The glossy black and gold fabric of her top left her shoulders exposed, hugging her large, perfect breasts, with a window in its center exposing the firm swell of her cleavage. Every man in the tavern stared as she moved, breasts swaying mesmerically, to stand next to Dan. 

He looked up, took the woman in, mouth slightly open. He watched as she ran a hand through her hair, a pair of white-gold bracelets shifting as she did so, before running her fingers down to the top of her chest. Dan followed the motion, realized where he was staring, and with great effort drew his eyes back to her face. 

She smiled. "Hi, I'm Lexi. Can I sit with you?" Her voice was gentle, musical, angelic. 

Dan's mind froze. He scrambled for words, brushing crumbs from his robes to buy a second to think. "Uh, yeah. Lexi. Sure, yeah, sit. Please." 

"Thanks!" She moved next to him, straddling the bench, uncomfortably close. Dan could feel her heat, smell her feminine fragrance. 

They watched each other for two minutes as Dan scrambled to think of where he knew this girl. Certainly not from real life - Saga Online's real-time body mapping was fairly accurate, and he'd have remembered meeting someone who looked like Lexi. Soon the gaze of the room drew away from their corner as the patrons went back to their drinks and cards. 

"Where, uh. I mean. What did you want to talk to me about, Lexi?" Dan gulped down air, willing sweat to stop beading on his forehead. He'd never been great at talking to girls. His eyes also kept drifting unbidden to her cleavage, which was an added distraction. 

"We went adventuring together, silly? Don't you remember?" 

Dan frowned. "No, sorry." 

"Oh, that's too bad." Her face made a pretend pout. "I thought I'd made a better impression." 

"Yeah, uh, sorry, I just - I mean - you..." 

Lexi moved closer, pressing her knees against Dan's leg and leaning forward. He froze as she moved against him, breasts pressed into his arm as she put her lips to his ear. Her hair fell forward, brushing against his face. It smelled like wildflowers. 

"After all," Lexi whispered, her voice changing slightly, "We had such a nice time together, Daniel, mmm? All those secrets you told me, all the attention I lavished on you..." Dan's mind was spinning. No, no, not here. He was safe here, he was in town. Monsters couldn't get into town, this wasn't real. 

She pulled back slightly, meeting Dan's gaze with a knowing smile. "Ah, you do remember. Have you missed me, Daniel?" 

Dan could feel his body reacting to the nearness of her. His breathing quickened slightly, and he felt an unmistakable tightness in his pants. He had a thousand questions, but was struggling with which one to ask. 

"Mm, it seems you have," she murmured, reaching her hand under his robe and sliding her fingers once over his growing erection. "You've been thinking of me, Daniel. You humans are so easy to read. Tell me, how many times a day do you masturbate for me?" She seemed to be studying his face. 

"I don't, I mean, that's not. Well, uh." He paused. "I'm not talking about that," he choked out. "I don't know what, what, cheat you used to charm me, I'm not doing that again, I mean, you're a monster, you can't even be in town, just, uh... I mean. How are you even here? You're flagged as a player, that's impossible." 

Lexi pulled back slightly, grinning. Dan was thankful of the breathing room. 

"I've learned so much since we last met, Daniel. And not just from talking to you, though you were very helpful. I'm level 7! I didn't know monsters could even gain levels. Oh, it's been so exciting!" She hesitated briefly. "Well, I'm sure I can trust you with a few of my secrets, Daniel. I used one of those trees, as you said. The skill trees, to unlock new powers. Alter Form got me in here, you see. Such a place! I've never been into a human city, you understand, or at least, not out in the open like this. And I can alter my clothes, too - do you like my outfit?" She gestured to herself. 

"I've learned a few other tricks too, you'll get to see those later. We succubi are quite weak outside our lairs, I'm afraid. No match for you brave adventuring types. I'm curious to see what happens as I progress." 

"So you, what, leveled up? By draining me?" Dan whispered. "I still haven't made that progress back." He paused, considering. "Have you, uh, drained anyone else?" 

She shook her head, then swept a strand of hair out of her face. "No one important, I'm afraid. I couldn't risk being found out, you see, too much risk in a place like this. You adventurers are everywhere." 

"Well that's good, I guess." Dan furrowed his brows. "Why am I even talking to you? You tried to kill me, and you stole half my levels." 

"Don't you want to talk to me, Daniel?" Her eyes glittered. "We've been having such a nice conversation, after all." 

Dan shook his head slightly. "No, I just - I can't. No." 

Lexi smiled at him. "Is that why you can't look away from my breasts, Daniel?" She trailed her fingers over her curves, lingering on her cleavage for a moment before resuming the motion. 

"Well, no, I mean - " 

"It's alright," she purred, "Just keep looking. They look sooo soft and firm, don't you think? I've also learned how to hide what I've been doing to you, Daniel. Another little trick I've picked up." 

Condition: Entranced. Compelled arousal flickered suddenly into view on Dan's HUD. How long had those been there? 

"Good boy, just keep staring. Feel your cock getting nice and hard for me while you stare at my full, perfect breasts." 

No one could see what was happening, Dan realized. The corner table was partially obscured from the rest of the tavern, and he had been looking out at the crowd. Lexi's breasts jiggled hypnotically as she slowly caressed them with her hands. Her bracelets fell to her wrist, but Dan's eyes couldn't follow the motion. 

"You've been dreaming of me for weeks, Daniel. Thinking about my body, my touch, my scent, the feel of me on top of you, how good it feels to cum for me. And now I'm here, and all you want to do is stare and touch yourself. Your cock is sooo hard, Daniel, throbbing and eager to please me. Go ahead, show me how much you want it." 

"Nnn..." Dan moaned quietly, trying to fight it off. He wanted, needed to stroke for her. But... "Can't," he grunted, "No. Won't." 

"You say that, Daniel. But all you want right now is to slide that hard cock between my big, soft breasts." She slid two fingers between her breasts, pushing them in and out. "You want to slip into my cleavage and empty those full, heavy balls. All that cum you've been saving for me." 

Dan's hand slipped under his robe, grasping his erection through his pants. "Good boy," Lexi whispered, leaning back. She knelt on the bench with one leg tucked under her, running her hands through her thick golden hair as she watched her prey. She posed, allowing him to take in the sight. "Mm, that's it, stroke that naughty cock for me." 

Dan's eyes were unfocused, yet still fixated on the goddess in front of him. 

Condition: Charmed. Orgasm lock flashed across his screen, but he didn't have the attention to spare for them. Drops of precum stained the front of his pants, which were mercifully concealed by his mage's robes. His hand grew sticky as he moved faster, soon desperate for release. He increased his pace, pushing himself past the edge, and his hips bucked slightly forward. Nothing happened. Confused but still painfully aroused he kept stroking. 

"You'll save that for me, won't you Daniel?" Lexi asked. Dan nodded feverishly. "Good boy. Now, stop," she commanded. Dan froze. "Pull your hand back." He obeyed, whimpering quietly as he withdrew his hand from his throbbing cock. 

Lexi stood up, turned, and walked to the door, her hips swaying beguilingly as she moved. She crooked her finger at him, then blew a kiss in his direction. 

Condition: Lure. A shimmer of pink hearts filled his vision for a moment, and Dan felt an overpowering urge to follow. 

Dan stood up. He tripped over his bench, knocking it to the ground and not bothering to pick it up as he followed the woman out the door. The night air was chilly, but Dan didn't notice. Down past Idling Lane, left on East Flensing, Dan's eyes were fixated on the girl in front of him: her shapely legs, her plump ass, her shimmering golden hair. A few people gave them odd looks as the pair past, but Dan didn't notice that either. 

Lexi opened a door, closed and locked it after Dan, and led him up a flight of stairs to a large, well-furnished apartment. 

Lexi smiled at him. "I persuaded the landlord to let me have his loft," she said. "He's decided to go out of town for a few weeks, to buy me a new dress. Isn't that sweet of him? I suppose you aren't much for conversation now though, are you Daniel? It's alright, kneel down and you can touch for me." Dan pulled his pants down, knelt to the carpet, and wrapped his hands around his aching cock. He began masturbating eagerly. Precum dribbled from his tip onto the floor. 

Reaching behind her, Lexi began undoing the lacing on her top before tossing it casually onto the bed. "Is that better, Daniel?" she cooed. He trembled with arousal, hand moving steadily up and down his shaft, which was now slick with his juices.  

"You're more vulnerable when you need to cum," she said, jutting out her chest with her hands on her hips. "But now you can't until I tell you to, poor baby. It just builds and builds, doesn't it?" Lexi smiled wickedly. "Can you feel it, Daniel? All those tired, muddy thoughts in your little brain, churning around and dribbling down into your balls, turning into thick, hot cum. Edging over and over, until you don't want to think any more, you just want to stare at my breasts and touch yourself." 

Dan lost all sense of time. He stared and stroked, slowly feeling his balls grow heavier as his thoughts grew indistinct. All he could focus on were her breasts. They were so beautiful, so round and soft and perfect. Nothing else mattered, nothing else existed. 

Lexi patted a spot on a king-sized bed with red cotton sheets, and Dan sat. "You can stop now," she said, and Dan begrudgingly pulled his hand away. "Are you ready, Daniel? To spurt all those sticky thoughts out for me?" She knelt, holding her breasts with her hands and sliding Dan's cock into her cleavage. He moaned weakly, ending with a whimper as she began moving her breasts. "Does that feel nice?" Dan nodded, falling back onto the bed. He couldn't see, couldn't move, couldn't think. He was overwhelmed with sensation, his cock sliding in and out, in and out of her firm, soft breasts. 

"My breasts own your cock, Daniel," Lexi whispered, pausing a moment to swirl her tongue tenderly around the head. "They're all you can think about. You'd do anything for me, just to cum for my breasts one. More. Time." Dan spasmed, hips bucking feebly against her, unable to release. "But you can only cum when I tell you to. Only when I drain you. You crave that feeling, Daniel. You'll give everything to me. You'll beg me for it, beg me to stroke, to be touched, to empty your needy cock over and over because it feel sooo good. Say it for me." Dan repeated everything, fumbling over his words, babbling desperately. 

"Such an obedient young man," Lexi said, licking teasingly around the tip. One hand slid onto his stomach, and Dan felt a tiny prick of pain that vanished into an ocean of pleasure. "It's time now, Daniel. You've been very patient. Would you like to let it all out?" Dan whined pitifully. "Good boy," Lexi said. "Cum." 

Dan's body jerked violently as her mouth slid over his cock and the dam finally burst. He orgasmed repeatedly, soon losing track as he spurted down her throat. The succubus swallowed hungrily, wrapping her hands around his shaft and coaxing each jet of cum into her waiting mouth. When at last he finished, Dan tried to sleep but found he couldn't. His head cleared, if only slightly He flicked his head slightly to open his character screen, and saw that he was now level 12. Not as bad as last time, at least. 

Dan felt Lexi sit next to him on the bed and begin tracing something on his stomach. After several minutes, he forced his head up and looked down at himself. Just above his groin there was a faint pink tattoo. Two sigils he couldn't identify were scrawled there, surrounded by a heart design. 

"What." He coughed, then took a moment to wet his mouth. "What did you... do." 

"I've marked you, Daniel," she explained. "You're bound to me, so you won't be able to escape again." She smiled in amusement, noticing that his eyes had strayed to her breasts. "Not that you'll want to."