 Hey, guys. This is something that I've been working on. This is part one of a two part story. There's NO SEX in this part, but it's still pretty essential to read so you aren't lost on part two, which WILL have sex. 

Originally it was all going to be one big story, but I broke it into two parts at the last minute.

I apologize if the ending was rushed. I deleted half of it and was ticked off that I had to re-do it, so I ended it there. I'll try to make it up to you all in part 2. Please enjoy. And as always; I live comments, whether negative or positive.

*****

People always wondered what the future would be like, like, how far would technology go? What people be like by then? Would humanity be much more advanced? Would there be any humans left? Would it be mainly androids and bioengineered humans who were the dominating species? 

Would there even BE a future, or would science prevail and we would all be hit by a meteor? Would zombies cause an apocalypse?

Though many of these questions were answered after many centuries, centuries weren't exactly kind to the world.

We weren't living in a world of peace.

Things only seemed to get worse when 'the future', the world of hover cars, hoverboards, flashing lights and skyscrapers came along; it was not the utopia mankind had longed and fantasized for.

What the world WAS given was a place of increased violence.

Technology reigned supreme, and it was hard to tell man from machine. But technology was not as those before us had dreamed; technology had caused wide-radius destruction, destruction that was by far worse than any other previous wars in time.

Many countries had been lost, and had became a simple thing of the past when 'World War IV' finally happened, disintegrating many parts of the world.

Did we really come a long ways? In certain ways, yes; we did. Was this the perfect paradise we all had hoped for? Not especially.

Was there still peace? Yes, somewhat. Was the world more dangerous? Yes, absolutely. Was the human race becoming a minority? Yes, very much so.

Even though the world was crumbling around me, still I dreamed of a universe that would be free from suffering and turmoil.

Maybe it was stupid to fantasize about such a place, a perfect world, an eternally peaceful world, free of violence and of chaos, free to just enjoy and live life; maybe it was a fool's dream.

Things used to be so much simpler...And now, things had progressed so far that there was no turning back and living life the way it was once lived, so very long ago, before the future came, before the start of Beyond Year, was an impossibility.

I heard a buzzing sound coming from nearby, and as I rolled around in bed; shielding my eyes from the assaulting sunlight, and muttering inaudible mumbles to myself, I turned to the left of my bed to meet with the gaze of Platinimia. 

"Good morning, sir. Rise and shine. Better get up before you're late for work."

Platinimia was basically like the maid of the place.

Truthfully, she was nothing more than an artificial intelligence, a computer, that was able to project itself into a semi-convincing figure, that was complete with a bluish silver color-scheme, and her eyes were pure white, with a whitish blue computer chip like iris. Her hair was long; traveling down to her shoulders, and she appeared naked, except her body was devoid of any private parts.

"Work." I heard myself blurring out; as if miserably parroting her words. "Can you even call it that?" 

"Work is work, master Vaxius, regardless of how simple."

It was funny how whenever I read history books, about years ago, centuries and centuries ago, that work was actually that; work.

But ironically enough...As years kept going, work became less of 'work' and became easier and easier, and then, finally, long gone were the days of hard physical labor that required strong men, and soon it was sitting on a desk staring at a screen and taking phone call. Finally it had escalated to the present...Where you had to do practically nothing.

I felt her hand touch my back, and that was enough of an encouraging boost to give me enough will to force myself out of bed.

The thing about Platinimia, was that she was able to touch others, and when she did, you could actually feel it. But this was limited to her being able to touch, ONLY others, and when someone tried to touch her, your hand went right through her.

She needed further upgrades and additional programs before she could be near 'perfection', where she could be touched in return.

The bad thing about that was it would require so much data that she would be downloading Gaiabytes for an additional fourteen years before she was able to achieve what she dreamed of. 

"I hope you have a wonderful day at work." She smiled. 

"Don't count on it." I moaned.

I pushed the silver blankets and sheets off, then swung my feet groggily over the bed, stepped down onto the glowing, neon blue floor, and made my way towards the bathroom.

"I require a scan." Spoke an electronic male voice. "It'll only be a moment."

I stood there in front of the metal door, and soon a red laser hit my face and wiggled around on me.

The metal door them slid upwards.

"Scan complete. You may enter."

I walked into the bathroom, and once I was inside, the door slid back down.

"Master, I've already prepared your outfit for the day."

"Thanks, Platinimia." I said.

I removed my dirty clothes and threw them to the floor, and soon, they had disappeared; Platinimia having transported them all the way to the laundry room.

As I approached the neon orange, egg-shaped shower, I reached my hand to the control panel on the side, and hit one of the keys; causing the giant glass doors to the shower pod to open and then I entered inside.

"Starting shower waters." Platinimia's voice echoed.

"P-Platinimia!" I quickly stuttered like an idiot, "what are you doing in here?"

"I exist only to please." She replied. "I'm readying your shower."

"I could have done it." I blushed.

"Nonsense." She laughed.

"Just go when you're done."

"I've already finished." And as soon as she said that, water filled the egg-shaped pod up to my neck. 

Water started spraying down from every direction; spraying into my hair, while shampoo came from one of the other hundreds of shower heads.

I washed my hair out while the hot water hit me from every side, but it was only then, there, lathering in 'ocean' scented shampoo, that I realized I hadn't even put any soap on before the water had started.

"Platinimia?" I called. 

"Yes, sir?" She answered.

"Could you drain the water? I didn't get the chance to use any soap, yet."

"Pardon me, sir, for my inconvenience. I will drain the water and refill, once you've lathered yourself in soap."

"Thanks, Platinimia." 

I smiled, hitting a button on the inside control panel, took a step outside the egg pod, and grabbing a bottle of liquid soap and a wash rag.

I squirted ocean scented soap onto the silver wash rag and stepped back into the pod, pushed a button to close the door, then started rubbing the blue soap all over my body, saving my crotch for last.

A sigh escaped my lips once the water started to refill and filled the egg-shaped pod until it was up to my neck.

The shower heads sprayed water down onto me while the soap on my body was removed by the huge amounts of aqua until every last drop of soap was gone.

When I was done with my shower, I stepped out, walked along the neon blue floor and walked towards the wall near my blue, glowing, round sink and took my gray towel off the rack, and wrapped it around my wet body.

A pair of fresh clothes rested on the toilet.

I dried myself off thoroughly, and once I was dry enough, slid a pair of boxer briefs onto my legs and then put on my silver jumpsuit.

Platinimia had even gone out of her way to complete my outfit with my favorite silver wrap around, visor sunglasses.

I put my sunglasses on, my matching silver socks and shoes, and proceeded towards the mirror by the sink, spiked my wet hair with my favorite comb, applied deodorant to underneath my arms, then went over my hair to make sure it was perfectly spiked. 

"I will get you your toothpaste and toothbrush, sir."

Spoke a deep, bear-like, electronic voice.

I stood there as an entrance formed in the middle of the sink, and two, strong looking robotic hands rose up, one grabbing the toothpaste and the other hand transforming into a spin toothbrush. The right hand screwed the lid off the toothpaste and brought it towards the toothbrush, squeezing it out onto the toothbrush, and the toothbrush came towards my mouth. I opened my mouth, and the toothbrush entered inside, and I closed my mouth as it started brushing thoroughly over every single tooth, but being as gentle as any normal person would. 

After about four minutes, I opened my mouth and the toothbrush left my mouth, rinsed itself off in the sink, transformed back into a normal robotic hand, and then the right hand put the toothpaste back down.

Both hands disappeared back into the sink.

"Have a wonderful day at work, sir. See you tonight."

"Thanks. I'll try to enjoy my day...But I'm not making any promises." I replied to the sink.

I then proceeded once again towards the voice-activated metal door, and stopped once I was in front of it.

"Open." I casually ordered.

"Yes, sir." Spoke the electronic male voice.

The door slid upward, and I walked forward, walking out of the bathroom with the door sliding back down behind me.

I walked into the kitchen where I was almost instantly greeted by Platinimia again, who had manifested before my eyes.

"Would you like me to prepare you your breakfast?" She inquired.

"No, thank you. Figured I'd just do it myself this week." I said with a slight smile.

"Very well, sir. Do you require any further assistance?"

"Naw. It's cool."

"Have a wonderful day, sir."

"I'll try." I chuckled dryly.

With Platinimia gone, I walked over towards my tubular, dark blue, glowing refrigerator and it opened instantly after flashing a red laser-like light across my face, verifying the person before it, then I pulled out a jar of mayonnaise.

I sat the mayonnaise down on the counter and walked over towards the clear, see-through, light blue neon light cabinets and and after I was scanned by another red light, the cabinets opened and I pulled out a loaf of bread and can of tuna.

I made myself four tuna fish sandwiches, with chopped up pickles and apples, put them in a tiny cube that disappeared into my body, or more precisely, a pocket dimension, and then set off towards the huge, glowing, orange neon front door and stopped in front of it.

The door slid open, revealing the rays of sunshine that were casting down onto the world below.

I took my first step outside, and I gazed about carefully at my surroundings to make sure that no hover vehicles were coming, and once I saw I was in the clear, I reached down towards my blue hover boar and stepped onto it.

Immediately it levitated up into the sky and as I brought one foot forward to the front and one foot back to the back, it rose higher and higher up into the air, ascending quickly up into the sky.

The blue got closer and closer until I was only moments away from touching the clouds, and once I was only inches away from the clouds, I finally started flying on ahead; controlling the board with the movements, the swaying of my body. 

My parents died when I was around ten.

I was obviously devastated when they died, and I took it probably harder than I should have, taking it as hard as a breakup with a girl, and going so far as to starve myself and have a severe case of anxiety that made me think danger was lurking around every corner, including my own house.

We were actually enjoying a nice quiet evening at the park when it happened.

The killer killed my father and mother with an energy pistol, and was about to fire and finish off the last family member, me, when his accomplice convinced him not to, not out of kindness or pity, but because the sirens had already been sounded and the police were coming.

I was left with my life, but I was alone.

My Aunt was the one who took over from there, and took over where my parents left off.

I think that was when I realized how bad the world had gotten, how horrible of a place it was. That event had made me realize just how ugly and disgusting the world was.

Even though I was now twenty four, I still missed them and there wasn't a day that went by that I thought about them.

I kept thinking: I could have done something, I could have stopped the men, I could have fought.

But as my Aunt told me; there was nothing I could have done. But still...I thought.

If only.

I flew out of the way of incoming hover cars and hover boards, and approached the electric purple crossroad highway, that would glow so brightly at night, and bulleted right into the matching tunnel that led to the town, Eraldia.

I passed a few more hover vehicles, but made sure to stay at a distance in line, and waited till traffic started moving quicker before I picked up the pace.

I nearly hit one of the other drivers, but merely leaned my body to the left and avoided crashing into them, and once I saw traffic clearing more, flew right on ahead; nearing the end of the tunnel.

I could see sunlight coming out from the other end, even though it was still about two miles away towards the exit.

"At least I'll make good time." I murmured.

Continuing to dodge vehicles, I finally came to the end of the tunnel and sped right up into the sky, speeding ahead a hover bike and sinking in the sight of my destination: Rexiaus Corp.

The building was a curved skyscraper with orange lighting from head to toe, that was mostly eye-catching when it was night and there was little light out.

Located on the middle of a giant bed of water, in the Eraldia lake, the only way to get there was by means of flying vehicles or a ship.

A giant 'RC' in a deeper shade of orange that stood out from the rest of the building proudly displayed at the top of the building for all the world to see.

I descended from the air until I was ground level, stepped off the hover board, picked it up, and it shrunk to ant size until it finally disappeared. 

I walked towards the orange door and stood in front of it awaiting the usual scanning.

"Initiating scan..." 

I stood there patiently as I waited; staring at the orange door while an old rock song played to keep me entertained while I waited.

"Scanning complete. You may now step inside, Mr. Radinuj."

The door slid open, and I entered the building, hearing the door slid back down, closing behind me as I took a few steps onto the orange, see-through floor.

I could actually see beneath the lake from the orange floor, down into the water below.

The inside of Rexiaus Corp. was quite spacious.

It was really easy to get lost in the building if someone wasn't familiar with the place, and if someone was to go to the lowest level of the facility, they'd possibly see the 'unfortunates' that might mess with their psyche.

The thing was...RC had a few secrets.

No one knew about these secrets except officials, and the only reason I knew was because I was so curious, that I let my curiosity get the better of me on my first day of work and went to the forbidden floor; I managed to slip a few peeks at what lied behind the doors while they were open.

I was pretty surprised at some or the things I saw, and I actually questioned whether or not they were legal, but, I never dared to confront anyone on what I saw in fear of losing the job I had...Or suffer a worse punishment.

Somethings were better left forgotten and unsaid.

"Vaxius. You're here about two minutes earlier than usual. What's the rush?"

I stopped upon being spoken to.

That was one of my colleagues: Jewlianis Favixius. 

She wasn't the prettiest girl there, but had a slight girl-next-door look to her. 

She was slightly chubby, and had dark brown hair that was fixed into long pigtails, and to top it all off, had violet eyes.

"Just wanted to get here before everyone else did, I guess." I replied.

"Well, you ALMOST got here before everyone else." 

"You beat me." I grinned.

"I did." She smiled.

"Well, since it's still early, what do you want to do while we wait for everyone to get here?"

"Hmm," she squinted her left eye as if falling deep into thought, "I haven't had any coffee yet."

"Great!" I quickly said. 

She seemed alarmed.

"Let's head to the break room and get us some coffee while we're waiting."

"Sure. Let's go." I nodded.

Jewlianis walked beside me; her heels clicking on the floor while we made our way through the enormous facility and approached the break room that we had eaten in so many times that we lost count.

"So, how's things been?" 

She asked; making small talk.

"Not sure why you're even asking. We we work at the same place and see each other pretty much every day." I reminded; a faint laugh escaping my lips.

She looked at me giving me this pouty look, and frowned slightly.

"Okay," I threw my hands up in surrender. "Things have been fine. Not much to say, really."

"Let's just get some coffee, then." She smiled.

We finally made it to the break room and approached the counter on the left.

"Greetings, sir and ma'am. What kind of coffee would you like today?" Spoke an electronic, youthful, male voice that came from the direction of the black and blue, spherical coffee maker.

The top of the coffee maker had a disk-like top to it, with a pink, glowing light around the brim of the black disk, while the bottom where the coffee came from, was triangular with the same color scheme.

"Jewlianis, I'll take whatever you're having."

"A white chocolate cappuccino would be really good." She clapped her hands.

"Very well. It'll only be a moment."

I placed a cup underneath the maker and then we took a few seats down while we waited on the coffee, and as I sat down next to Jewlianis, I carefully gazed around the room we were in, trying to entertain myself while we waited.

When I heard the beep, I sprung from the bubble-like chair and walked over towards the counter and took Jewlianis' cup of coffee and handed it to her.

"Careful," I cautioned. "It's hot."

She slowly brought the cup up to her lips and took a sip out of it, then lowered it back down as I walked back over to the counter and placed another cup underneath it.

Within only a few seconds, my cup was filled to the brim and I brought it up to my lips, taking a small sip, careful as to not burn the inside of my mouth.

"It tastes even better this time." Giggled Jewlianis.

"You're right." I agreed.

We sat there ad enjoyed our coffee until everyone started showing up, and then it was time for the daily work routine, and once that was over, I could go home and enjoy a nice meal.

When it was time to close up, I had a short chat with Jewlianis.

"Jewlianis?" I spoke cordially.

"Yes?" She returned.

"Would you like to go out tomorrow?"

"Vaxius...The thing is..." Her eyes suddenly chahged, and her tone dropped drastically while she glanced away.

"I'm dating Karisius. 

We started dating about a week ago when he confessed his feelings to me."

"Karisius?" My words came out with more force than was probably necessary. 

"He's a jerk!"

"Don't say that!" She snapped.

"It's true!" I argued. "He's the biggest jerk in all of RC. There's a reason he barely has any friends."

"Y-you're wrong. You just don't understand him! No one does because they don't take the time."

"I know that he gave me a bloody lip two months ago." I furrowed my brows; clenching my jaw.
