 It took twenty seven minutes for her to return. Dan watched the steps the entire time, heart pounding slowly in his chest. 

Lexi was dressed in a low-cut white cotton shirt and a brown leather bodice, accentuating her ample cleavage. She wore a plain green skirt and a pair of flats. Her hair hung down her back in a neat braid, and there was a green ribbon around her neck. She looked like someone serving in a tavern, it occurred to Dan. Albeit the prettiest, bustiest serving girl he'd ever seen. 

She reached the bottom of the stairs. "What do you think, Daniel?" she asked, spinning slowly around. 

Dan's mouth hung open. A thin trail of spittle began its treacherous descent to the floor. 

Lexi scowled. "Well, I appreciate that you enjoy the view. You're no use to me like this, are you? I'll have to control my enchantments better, I suppose." She furrowed her brow briefly and glanced down at herself. "There. Pull yourself together, Daniel, we have errands to run." 

Dan felt the haze withdraw from his mind a moment later. He blinked rapidly and looked around. Lexi was still there. It was difficult to avoid staring, but he found he could do it. He was still uncomfortably hard, but while distracting, it was bearable. Dan closed his mouth and wiped it with the back of his hand. His body felt sluggish, he noted. Slow to respond. He opened and closed a hand experimentally, then took a halting step forward. 

"Very good, Daniel," the succubus said. She began moving towards the door. "Walk with me, please." 

His body moved on its own, and Dan noted with slight irritation that there was no sign of the sluggishness when he was following Lexi's commands. He followed her outside and turned to watch her lock the door. 

"W-what, umm." Dan's thoughts were still fuzzy, but he could manage to think with some additional effort. "What's going on?" His UI was behaving oddly, and he was struggling to pull up his status bar. 

Lexi set off down the street, and Dan fell into step beside her. With a tremendous effort of will, he looked straight ahead instead of staring at her cleavage. 

"You're going to help me with a few tasks today, Daniel. And if you're well behaved, you'll have your treat." She glanced at a sign and turned east onto Ribbon St. "As for what's happened to you, your body is suffering from withdrawal." She smiled wickedly, eyes darting back to him. "You're addicted to my body, to the pleasure of being drained. I can feel how badly you want me, and your desire gives me power over you. Which is why you're following me so nicely like a good doggy." 

The stopped on Runner's Row, and Lexi looked around. 

A nauseating blend of anger, irritation, and fear was rising in Dan, warring with other emotions he was trying to suppress. "Look, that's not - " he began, but Lexi interrupted. 

"Take this inside," she said, holding a letter in front of him and pointing to the Inter-City Postal Center. "Pay for immediate delivery." 

Dan took the letter and began walking inside without finishing his thought. He slapped the letter onto the counter in front of a clerk along with three brass coins, turned, and walked back out to her. 

"You were saying?" Lexi asked, smiling sweetly as she started walking again. 

"I was saying that you can't just... just do this. I mean, in the game, sure, whatever. It's against the rules, but maybe the rules changed. I don't know. This shouldn't be affecting me in real life, not the way it is." He fought to maintain his righteous anger, but it was slowly diminishing. He couldn't help but noting how the thin fabric of Lexi's skirt highlighted the inviting curves of her ass. 

"You think that being a spirit walker should protect you from me?" Lexi asked. "It diminishes the effects, of course, just as distance does." She shrugged; the motion made her breasts jiggle enticingly. "But your mind is still affected. It simply takes more time." 

They stepped into Blackshire Square, the center of which was dominated by a massive statue of a long-forgotten monarch and his pack of hunting dogs, each of which had a fountain flowing from its mouth. Lexi gestured to a bench beside the fountain, then sat down and patted the space next to her. Dan hesitated, struggling to resist, but soon found himself seated next to her in a shady corner amidst the sound of bubbling water. 

"You seem troubled, Daniel." She took his hand in hers, gently stroking the back with her thumb. "Tell me what's wrong." 

Dan inhaled to clear his thoughts before realizing it wouldn't help. Lexi smelled... wonderful. The rush of pheromones drove the irritation from his mind. 

"I just don't understand," he confided. "This is supposed to be a game. A realistic one, but not reality. You know? I-I-I don't even know what you are, I mean, I know you're a demon, you're a succubus, right, but if you were just a monster in the game then this wouldn't be happening, would it, I mean." He exhaled, willing his self-control to return. He opened his status display, scanning the lines to help himself understand what was going on. 

Status: Charmed. Forced arousal. Pheremone addled. Befuddled. Withdrawal (Succubus drain). 

"It's not, uh. I mean, we're in public now, right? You can't do anything to me. I can just, you know, yell for the city guard. You're a demon, you'd have the whole city after you." He hesitated. Actually, why didn't he just do that right now? He could see four men on patrol at the corner of the square... 

Lexi laughed, smoothing her braid with both hands and pulling it over her shoulder. "Are you sure, Daniel? Why don't you touch yourself while you think it over." 

Dan started to reply as his hand slipped under his robes and pulled his cock free from his pants before he could stop himself. He flushed as he realized what was happening and fought to bring himself under control. His erection throbbed in his hand, forming a noticeable tent beneath his clothing. Focus, Dan thought to himself. You can do this. You're in a public place, she can't be too overt. 

Lexi leaned against him, taking his free arm in both of hers and resting her head on his shoulder. Dan tried to look straight ahead, but it was hard not to notice how the motion was pressing her breasts together. And how sweet her hair smelled. And how warm and soft her body was against his own. 

"Wh-what are you, uh." Dan bit his tongue hard enough to draw blood. "You can't just do whatever you want, even if you are a demon. I have a life, I can't just give that up to be your. You know, slave." 

Lexi nuzzled into him, slowly kissing along his neck. Dan struggled to remember what he'd been saying. 

"I won't - oh, god - won't let you just. Do. Whatever you want. With me. I can't keep, uhhhn. Keep going. This way." 

Her lips brushed against his ear. Her words were silk and poison. "Are you saying you don't want me, Daniel?" 

Dan gritted his teeth. Sweat trickled down his face. "No. I mean, well - " 

"Don't you like the way I touch you?" Her hand slipped under his robes, teasing his swollen balls with her fingertips. "When I do this?" Dan's cock trembled, his hand falling away as she circled the base with thumb and forefinger before returning to her slow caresses. "And this?" 

"B-but you can't just," he stammered, breathing heavily. "Just because, ohhhh, because you can. Can. Uh." 

"You could stop me if you wanted to, Daniel. I'm just a poor, weak succubus, powerless to defend myself against a big, strong adventurer." Her hands slid up his shaft, tenderly stroking him with slow, deliberate movements. "No match for a powerful mage like yourself. A brave warrior who's fought countless battles." 

She was silent for a moment, hand still teasing and caressing him beneath his robe. Dan's face was bright red, both from embarrassment and mental exertion. He could do that. Fight her off. Call the guard. But... but then... 

"You couldn't just give up, of course." Her fingers circled the head of his cock, massaging it lovingly before sliding down his shaft. "No matter how good it feels when you lose... my body pressed against yours, teasing your cock with my soft, skilled hands..." Dan shivered as thoughts of resistance trickled away from him. 

She pulled his head towards her, nestling his face into the warm softness of her cleavage. "Breathing in my scent. Drowning in your desire for me." She sighed with satisfaction, running her fingers through his hair as his cock throbbed with each touch. 

"It must be terribly confusing, Daniel." He nodded hesitantly against her, unable to lift his head. "You don't want to give in, but it's hard to decide when you want to cum sooo badly." 

Dan inhaled the warm, musky perfume of her body. It was so difficult to focus. He had wanted to do something, but he couldn't remember what it was. The pleasure was intoxicating, paralyzing. Something was wrong, but couldn't remember what. 

"It must be difficult, taking care of such a needy cock. Always wanting to cum, but not knowing how." 

It was difficult, Dan realized. He didn't know how to do it by himself. He needed someone to help him. 

"I could take care of you, if you gave in. I'd milk your cock every day, drain every drop of hot, sticky cum you'd saved up for me. Do you remember how good it feels when I drain you, Daniel?" He nodded, licking his parched lips. "There are other benefits, but I won't bore you with them now. All you need to do is submit to me. Let me into your mind." Her fingertips trailed along the underside of his shaft, made feathery touches against his balls. "Tell me you need me. That you love me. Say you belong to me." 

Dan moaned, fumbling to form the words. "I need you. I love you. I belong to you." 

Lexi smiled in wicked satisfaction. "Such an obedient pet. Cum for me, Daniel." 

He exploded in her hand, staining his robe with two spurts of semen before she pulled away. Relief washed over Daniel momentarily before he realized he couldn't keep going, that it was over. He needed to cum more, over and over until he'd given her everything. He grunted with exertion, willing himself to continue, but found it useless with her hand gone. 

Lexi licked her fingers clean, still smiling. "Soon, Daniel. You need to save yourself for when I can drain you properly. Come along, there's something you need to do for me." 

Dan sighed heavily. His head was clear now, at least. Though he felt kind of... odd. It was difficult to describe. He quickly opened his inventory, switching his robe for a clean one. Hopefully no one had seen what they'd been doing. As he rose to follow her, text appeared on his HUD: 

Passive Ability: Succubus Thrall 

