 Chapter 1 - Coming of Age

Emileeth walked through my tent flap, wearing a silver gown split down the middle. The moon shone down behind her, casting her in a halo of silver. She was the living embodiment of the Suppelty. She smiled at me, her grin cracking through the pale skin of her cheeks which rose into her eyes. 

"Willim, how nice of you to invite me into your tent on the night you leave the Suppelty."

I sighed. I didn't want to leave the Suppelty. I wanted to stay and enjoy the pleasures of the flesh with all the beautiful young women of my age. I wanted to taste all of them who were yet to age into Suppelty from the age of Ladol. Emileeth was the most recent, having just turned nineteen and joining the Suppelty. 

"How nice of you to join me on your first night," I said.

"Well, I had little choice. You used your Luxen on me, didn't you? And such a naughty thing to do. I've not grown used to my new powers yet, and you're so comfortable with yours. I fear I'm just being taken advantage of." 

I lifted my soft red blanket off my crotch, revealing my Luxen duct at the base of my penis, another dose of Luxen poured out in a cloud of pink mist. It filled the air around us and Emileeth stepped into it. Her golden hair shook as she breathed readily through her nose. Blue eyes rolled into the back of her head. When she opened them again, they were hungry. Her silver robe split more widely and one small tight breast flashed out. She got on her hands and knees on my bearskin rug and crawled toward me, her hips swaying in the air behind her.

"Oh, my god." She shook, euphoria passing through her as she breathed in more of my Luxen.

"Ah, I see you don't mind my Luxen after all. So much for me taking advantage of you." 

"Well. I could resist." She turned her wrist over, and a small tuft of purple smoke the size of an acorn gathered around her wrist's duct. 

I laughed. "You are new here, aren't you? None of the Suppelty ever resists a Luxen call." 

She giggled. "Why would they? Everyone's so nice. I would never stop myself from indulging in you, Willim. But this isn't about me. This is your last night. Tomorrow you join the Prudent, to worry about - what is it they even do?" Her face turned serious, and she looked at me like an animal being prepared for slaughter, her eyes full of pity. 

I had once been like Emileeth, when I turned nineteen. I ignored the life of the Prudents after twenty-five. But in the past year, I had taken time off from Luxen and fornicating to learn what they did. Taxes, money, food, wars, sicknesses, shelter. The Suppelty never communicated with them. We lived in tents. We lived off the land. The way people were meant to live. They lived in buildings, with roads, and rules, and farms. I didn't want to leave. I sighed. "Well, they worry about...money and things grownups worry about." 

Emileeth giggled. "Money? For what?" 

I didn't know. I shrugged. I'd heard something about a war with the Shurl, but none of it made any sense to me. Why make war when you can make love? Emileeth turned her wrist back over and shot a dose of pink Luxen from her duct. It hit my nostrils, and I breathed deeply. While Emileeth was young, her Luxen was strong. Just a day before, it would have had the effect of all the Ladol's Luxen. 

It would have made me share in her imagination. If she had imagined a cloud to be a mountain with dragons guarding it, then I would have imagined that dragon and his mountain as well. If she had seen a fallen tree and imagined it to be a ship sailing off to adventure, then I would have been with her, looking at a ship. 

However, once we aged past Ladol, and into Suppelty our Luxen changed effects overnight. Now when her pink mist filled my nose with the scent of spring flowers, my body ran flush. My muscles relaxed. My body temperature rose. Every pain vanished as all I could feel was soft, warm flesh, and all I could crave was to bury myself in Emileeth. The breath I held in my lungs seemed to thicken like molasses as my blood ran warm and tingly through every vein of my body. 

None of my body warmed more so than my already bulging shaft. It shifted and tightened from the endorphins.

"Don't worry about being a Prudent, yet," Emileeth said. "For one more night you're a Suppelty, and you're all mine."

Then she looked up at me with blue moonlight eyes and crawled toward me. Every inch of her body rubbed every inch of mine, the small buds of her nipples rubbed firm against me, her pelvis rubbed every small piece of resistance it came across, and the trail of her silver robe tickled and teased like a feather up my skin. 

She lowered her breast to my mouth, and her body onto mine. The gleaming silver robe opened as I squeezed two tight asscheeks, one in each hand, and pressed my face against the pale skin of her breasts. The nub of her nipple rolled gently along my tongue as she reached down and stroked my penis with her tiny hands. I mashed my face into the soft flesh of her breasts, trying to draw every inch of her into my mouth. Her hand worked the foreskin of my shaft up and down in a fluid motion. 

I pulled one hand away from her ass and slid it between her legs. My fingers slipped along the tight crack of her pussy, and she released a moan as her back arched, forcing her breast harder against my face. Despite how wet Emileeth was, I had to work my fingers along her sex for a few strokes to moisten them before her lips yielded to the pressure. 

She was tight and warm. 

Her fingers had quickened their pace on my cock, but now she rolled out of her straddle of me and lowered her lips to the bulbous head of my cock. She kissed and licked it gently before throwing the massive member deep into her mouth. I nearly screamed out in pleasure. She couldn't take my whole shaft; it was far too long, but she tried with all her might. Bobbing and cramming my head down her throat a small fraction further with every plunge. Her big blue eyes never stopped staring directly into mine. Her hips swung up behind her. 

My fingers longed to be inserted in her pussy again. I grabbed her leg and turned her around so I could feel her ass and pleasure her while she sucked my cock. I pressed my fingers against her pussy and rubbed hard. She squirmed against me, her passion unabated. She growled and roared with my cock inserted in her mouth, the vibrations adding a gentle pleasure to the overt sensation of her tongue rubbing soft against the opening of my penis, and her throat drawing me in and squeezing me tight. 

She writhed next to me, and her silver robe bucked open toward the opening in the roof of my tent to the sky. The cool air wouldn't calm her, nothing would. She was a Luxen virgin. I had chosen her for that reason. Her animal instincts were in high gear as this was her first time having sex under the Suppelty enhanced Luxen, if not her first time having sex period. 

She cried out as I plunged a second finger into her pussy with the first, both working up against her G-spot. Then as she plunged her mouth up and down, licking my cock, I readied another release of my Luxen from my penis duct, at the base of my cock, where her nostrils awaited. She lowered her lips until all but an inch of my cock was in her throat, then I released my Luxen. 

Her bulging blue eyes staring up at me shot wide open as she realized what I was doing. She breathed deeply through her nose. Her eyes rolled in the back of her head, her hips swayed, and then her lips slowly worked lower and lower on the shaft of my cock, until her nose was pressed against my Luxen Duct. Her throat gave way, and my cock slid home down it. The muscles worked against my bulging head as I bucked my hips into her mouth. She inhaled and squealed with glee for the pleasure of my Luxen, and my fingers, and my cock down her throat. I grabbed her hair, releasing her pussy and pushed my cock even deeper, ready to release my seed into her throat, but she threw my hand away from her head and ripped her mouth from my cock. 

"You better not finish yet, I need you inside of me." 

I grasped her hair tighter, pulling it hard, forcing her lips back to my cock. 

"No one told you what your Luxen can do? Put it back, you can shoot me with Luxen, and I'll be ready again." She grinned with wild eyes and rubbed my cock on her pale cheek, then plunged my cock all the way back into the bottom of her throat. 

I pulled her legs over my head and dropped my tongue into her pussy. It was small, hairless, and smelt of summer dew in grass. 

I bucked my hips and thrust as fast as I could until the pressure in my cock released, and I shot load after load of hot seed into her throat. She gagged and her throat gripped me tighter, squeezing out every drop. I laid back and as Emileeth sucked and swallowed every bit of seed from my cock. I breathed deeply, feeling the pleasure surge through my cock and into her waiting mouth. She licked the head sensually, lapping up the juices she had let slip passed her lips. 

She ground her clit against my lips and I opened my mouth and sucked her hard, she screamed in pleasure and writhed on top of me. I tongued her pussy opening and licked her clit and her Luxen duct until she yelled and Luxen poured out from her in a pink mist along with her cum. I felt the warmth flood me again, the burning desire, my breath caught in my throat, and my cock sprang back to life, still dripping with my seed and Emileeth's spit. 

She collapsed on me. I flipped her around onto her back, her small, lithe form easy for me to throw anywhere I pleased. Her skin seemed even paler against the brown of my bearskin rug. I lowered myself to her and kissed her lips, tasting my sex and hers, along with our cum and Luxen lingering in our saliva. I breathed as she exhaled and looked down to see my member rubbing against her pale opening. I slid it along her three times and watched and her mouth opened wide with pleasure. 

Then Emileeth grabbed my ass and pulled my cock into her opening. Only the head pressed through at first, so tight was her pussy that I needed to work myself in. Still, she gasped and closed her eyes. Then I worked my cock slowly into her small body in quick strokes. I thrust deeper and deeper until I was buried in her. My cock could press no deeper into her opening, and our Luxen ducts pressed tight against one another. 

"Oh god, Willim. That is amazing," Emileeth whispered in a high voice. 

"I will miss being a Suppelty," I said. Then I kissed her again, shoving my tongue down her throat, and drove my hips down onto her. She gasped and screamed, cumming and releasing Luxen into the air almost immediately. I pulled her close and felt her flesh on mine, her tits rubbing against my chest, and her soft lips sucking on my neck. I breathed her Luxen and my cock swelled impossibly larger inside of her pussy which could handle no more girth and no more length.

The tight warmth squeezed and drew me in and out of her. Her wetness seeping aided the friction. With a final thrust, the mounting pressure inside me released again. I bottomed out in her pussy and shot my seed into her for a second time that night. Her pussy milked me as her hands squeezed my hamstrings, pulling me closer, and deeper into her. We panted with one another, catching our breath, as the liquids oozed from between us. I refused to remove myself from her as it may be the last time. 

"That was the most wonderful thing. I understand why you don't want to leave now. You poor, poor boy." Emileeth cackled at me in a way I almost found malicious. She was taunting me. "Well. At least I'll get to do more of that. I am sorry for you, though." 

My cock withered, and I came down from the high. "Me too." 

My mind was shaken by Emileeth's callous pity for me. Her demeanor was not someone loving and concerned, but rather someone who wanted to get away from me before the impending doom befell me. As if she herself could get swept up in my fate. 

Emileeth stood and tied her silver robe around her pale skin. My seed dripped down her legs as she turned to walk back out of my tent flap. She turned and looked down at me. "I'll never forget that, Willim. Pity we'll never get to share each other again. After tomorrow you'll just be a beautiful old memory." 

Emileeth was right. The Suppelty and the Prudent rarely communicated. Though we were the same race, our duct powers and lifestyles differed so greatly that the two groups were permanently driven apart. Emileeth turned to go. 

"Wait, Emileeth." She paused and looked back at me. I stood and approached her. "It won't be a beautiful old memory. I will have you again," I promised her. And I meant it. I wouldn't let the rules of our society stop me from taking what I wanted. I wanted Emileeth, and I would continue to be with her.

She laughed. "Dream on, Prudent. No Suppelty will ever bed with you. Ever." Then she turned and ducked under the flap of my tent. The roars of applause came quickly from the bonfire outside. I walked out behind her and the applause doubled. 

Outside, a fire burned brightly into the darkness between a circle of Suppelty tents. Our entire village stood clapping and cheering beneath a canopy of shimmering moons and stars.

Emileeth blushed, realizing they all watched and listened to our intercourse. 

A boar crackled on a spit, music played on flutes and drums, and I inhaled the fresh air and smiled. 

"Welcome to your aging party," Hannah said, handing me a clay mug of ale. 

I drank it down and tasted its earthiness slide past the taste of Emileeth. Hannah rubbed up against me, her large breasts and brown hair draped on me. She was short, barely up to my shoulders, where Emileeth was almost my height. 

"A shame you picked the youngest Suppelty. I could have seen you off just fine," Hannah added. 

"Ah, I know you would have, Hannah, but it's tradition. It's Emileeth's coming of age party as well as my aging party. I had to take her." 

"Yeah, sure. You just like them young, you pig." 

I stared at Emileeth's lithe legs and pert breasts as she meandered into the party and knew Hannah was right. "How come I've bedded you dozens of times in the past year then?" I asked Hannah.

She blinked brown eyes up and me and laughed. "I don't know. Maybe it's because you find me to be mature and intelligent. My wit unrivaled by any woman of the kingdom."

"Or I just like your big tits." I ran my hand up her side and cupped her breasts beneath her leather shirt, the flesh of them overflowing from my large palm. She laughed and kissed me with her full lips, then slapped my groping hands away. 

"Leave it. Maybe if you didn't waste all of yourself on the young girl, I can send you off as well. I'll be joining you soon in the Prudent, anyway. I'll be twenty-six in a week." 

"And for that, I'm forever grateful. Now let's go join the party."

The rest of that evening was spent drinking, eating, and fucking. Those who felt the urge sprayed Luxen and fucked right outside the campfire with the whole village watching. Others would help, jump in, and frequently it was hard to keep track of who was with whom. It was tradition to have an aging party, and a coming of age party, and when the two united everyone wanted a piece of both suitors. But my mind was fixated on Emileeth. 

I attempted to draw her back into my tent multiple times that night, but every time she chose another Suppelty. They were not stronger or better looking than me, but they were younger. She had her pick, and I was not it. Eventually, I passed out in a drunken stupor, my worries about being a Prudent forgotten.