 It was going to be different tonight... Did it bother me? No, I was anxious for it. I walked into my apartment, and tossed my wet jacket on the floor. I sat down, took off my shoes and it was then that I heard a knock at my door.

Brian: "She must be early?" I said, as I walked over to the door in my wet clothes and saw someone in a black raincoat outside my peephole. I opened the door to find a woman with long glistening black hair and hypnotic red eyes outside my home.

Scarlet: "I'm sorry to bother you but I was told a "Brian" lives here?" the lovely lady said.

Brian: "Yes, I'm very pleased to meet you... Scarlet, right?" I asked as I took her jacket and closed the door behind her.

She walked passed me as she seemed to walk right out of her shoes as she some how took them off without lifting a finger. I couldn't help but trace out her curves with my eyes, feeling my breathing get heavier.

Scarlet: "Yes, yes it is. Now you asked for a different experience then what you're use to, correct Mr. ..."

Brian: "Please, its just Brian."

Scarlet: "Okay, Brian... well I'll be making sure you have a very pleasurable time tonight."

Scarlet, who had been eying the room, turned around and started walking towards me.

Scarlet: "To be quite honest Brian, I'm quite famished tonight. Do you think you can satisfy a woman like me?" As she spoke, she wrapped her arms around my body, stroking a finger up my neck.

The hairs on my neck shot up as her touch sent a warm chill down my spine. I looked down to see her bountiful chest press against my wet shirt, giving me full view of her perky, E-Cup breasts.

Scarlet: "Mmmm, let me help you with those."

I feel a tug on the back of my shirt as my clothes just tear right off. Surprised yet turned on, I'm amazed at her quickness and unorthodox strength.

Scarlet: "We wont be needing those."

Brian: "I hope I'm not the only one who will be on display." I said, as I now stand fully nude in front of my unique guest.

Scarlet: "Oh of course. Where are my manners? Ladies should go first after all."

As if they melted off, Scarlet reached her hands over her head and did one slow turn as her clothes magically fell to the floor around her legs.

Brian: "Mmm, that's quite a trick."

Scarlet: "You said you wanted something "Different" tonight."

Scarlet then locked her lips with mine as she pressed her warm body against me. We wrapped our arms around each other as I then lifted her up from her well-toned ass and carried her to my room.

Brian: "I can tell you're quite different from other girls."

Scarlet: "Mmmm, baby, let me show you the package deal."

Scarlet, now on the edge of my bed, leans back and moans softly as I begin to see her change. Two bumps sprout from her head becoming 5 inch curved horns on her forehead. Her skin glows as her original tan color shifts to a primary red. She gives off one last long moan as she wraps her legs around me. I then suddenly see a tail with a spade sprout from behind her body.

Scarlet: "Mmmm, now what do you think?" As she pulls me close with her legs still around me. "Oh, I think your friend speaks for you both."

My cock now rock hard, throbs at the entrance of her pussy walls, dying to fill her supernatural womb.

Brian: "Where have they been hiding you?" I ask as I come down and lock lips with her, pushing my hard cock inside her pussy.

Scarlet: "ohhhhhh, that feels sooooo gooood."

I thrust into her pussy as I caress her breasts and squeeze them gently. She moans from my touch as her hips thrust toward my cock forcing my cock deeper. Her tail comes from under her and wraps around my balls.

Brian: "ohh, some ones naughty."

Scarlet: "Mmmm I want you to cum inside me when you're ready."

I grab her ass and push her on the bed as I join her. I grab what pillows I can to help arch her back and pound harder away at her soaking pussy.

Scarlet: "ohhhhhhhhh godsss yeeeeeeeesssssssssss!!! Don't stop."

I wrap my arms around her body as I thrust hard against her womb, making her gasp in pleasure. I meet her lips with mine as she moans in my mouth, her hips completely in sync with mine.

Scarlet: "MMmmmmmm."

She moans again, loving every second of it as I feel her pussy getting tighter. The slick juices from her pushy let my cock slide harder and faster as it swells ready to cum with her.

Scarlet: "MMmmm yesss, ohhhh godddsssss!!!! Give it to me! I need your seed!!!

She grabs and holds her body tightly to mine as I can feel her body quake with orgasm after orgasm. At the same time, I thrust hard, shooting my hot cum deep inside her womb, stream after stream of cum pulsing into her pussy.

Scarlet: "Ohhhhhh godssssss, I'm cumminggggggg, I'm cummmminggggg. Ohhhh I feel your hot seed inside me!!!!!

As we climax together, I feel my seed coating her womb. I wait a moment, then I give her a long hard kiss before easing myself off. But then I get pulled back.

Scarlet: "I've been watching you Brian."

Brian: "Wh-what?"

Scarlet: "... And I'm sure... We want the same thing... As you already know I'm a succubus. And being a succubus I'm always wandering for the lust and pleasure of others but I am never fully satisfied..."

I suddenly get this giant warmth rush through me as fear twists with my lustful curiosity.

Scarlet: "I want my own baby, Brian... I want a demon of my own and... I can't have a child like a human. So I have come up with a new way."

I look her in the eyes... her crimson, burning with desire, red eyes.

Scarlet: "Instead of feeding off of a human soul, I want you to become my child."

As soon as she finished, she leans up and pushes me down onto the bed, forcing her vagina over my face. Her juices already leaking onto my head suddenly come gushing out.

Scarlet: "Ohhhh yesss, you feel soooo gooddddd."

She presses her pussy over my head engulfing it and stretching her wide. Something then slides over my face from within Scarlet and slithers down my chest. As I try to feel around her body and mine I feel a pinch and then a warm sensation fill my abdomen.

Scarlet: "Mmmmm oh baby, we're now connected as one. Ahhhhh –"

She gasps in pleasure as my head slips up inside her. She forces her hips wide to accommodate my shoulders next. With her magic prowess, she stretches her hips as her pussy expands, using her contractions to bring my shoulders into her.

Scarlet: "Ohh my, I'm already beginning to show. Mmmm, you feel so nice sweety."

She strokes her forming pregnancy as my torso slides up into her womb.

I feel a warm pulse around me, as I open my eyes in Scarlet's womb. Her juices are still lubricating me as I am brought deeper into her womb. I can feel her heart beat.

Back outside, Scarlet lays down on my bed as my cock slides against my body and hers as it enters her pussy.

Scarlet: "Ohhhh godssssssss, I never knew this pleasure.... Before... Ahhhhhh yesssssss. Oooooooo baby, you feel so nice... Mmmmmm you make your mommy feel so good."

As my legs start sliding into her pussy, I feel my back press up against her womb wall.

I feel her warmth, her loving embrace. Does being her baby really feel this good? I feel her rub the outside walls of her pregnant belly, like she's rubbing my body as well.

Scarlet: "Mmmm almost done sweety. Soon you'll be my baby."

She leans back once more feeling my feet sliding inside of her womb. I feel the pressure inside her build as I curl into a fetal position. Her pussy tightens as I feel her about to orgasm from unbirthing me..."

Scarlet: "Ohhhhhhhh yesssssss, YESSSSSSSS!!!!!! Ooooooooo baby, mommy is cumming with you inside her. Mommy feels so good to be pregnant with her baby."

I feel her walls pulse around my body, the umbilical cord feeding me hormones letting me feel my new mothers orgasm as my own.

Scarlet: "Mmmmmm look at how good you treat mommy."

She rubs her enormous pregnant belly as she shifts herself off my bed and lets it distend forward down towards the floor. Her belly stretches three feet out in front of her and curls down almost a foot or two below her pussy. 

I can feel weightless within my mother, her heartbeat now at a more calm and gentle pace.

Scarlet: "Time for you to become like me, baby. Time to go to sleep."

She wraps her arms around my sanctuary as I feel her warm embrace. Her arms hug her belly as I can feel the changes already beginning. Her heartbeat is soothing as I drift off to sleep, awaiting my new form.

Scarlet: "Mmmm, mommy's pregnant belly feels so full..."

Scarlet rubs over her huge pregnant belly as she enjoys her motherly glow for the first time.