 "His Majesty requires your services, at once!" the man said, his voice echoing in the room.

He tossed a small container into her room. Dust balls flew up as it landed on the cold floor.

Laena rose from her bed with a sigh. While the soldier waited impatiently at the door, she undressed and wiped herself down with wet tissues. She found both lotion and clean, silky underwear in the container, and carefully put it on. The guard kept his gaze straight forward into the cell, not letting his eyes wander to the more interesting places.

"Hurry up, we haven't got all day," he said. "You know the king."

"Do you think His Majesty would prefer me in dirty clothes and unwashed?" Laena countered, and with a defiant tardiness, sat down in front of the mirror. She knew this soldier. He was one of the nicer ones, so she had a bit more leeway.

With the wet tissues she cleaned her face and tried to smile. Her right side was still a bit stiff, but she knew enough concealer would take care of the bruise. Makeup had always been one of her talents, and she swiftly put on her pretty face. 

She heard a strong buzz and saw that the guard accepted the incoming call. Laena hurried, seeing that time was running out. She quickly brushed her red hair before slipping into the flimsy black dress with matching high heels.

"There, I'm ready," she said and walked up to the soldier.

"Object retrieved, boss," he said into the hidden mic, and grabbed Laena's arm.

"Ow!" she complained, "You don't have to do that, I can walk myself."

"Sorry," he muttered and released her.

Together they walked down the hall, past the thirty same doors, all carefully, though probably unnecessarily locked. One door for every planet in the independent Tainee kingdom.

"He is angry today," the soldier said, surprisingly.

"Wow, you can talk?" Laena said, mockingly. "I though all you could do was bark out orders."

"We're part of the Empire now," he continued, ignoring the pretty girl's reply. "King Assertos has ordered his fleet to join up with the Fifth Imperial Navy in the war. They say the Emperor sent him a daughter to seal the deal."

"A princess? What about Queen Beegona?"

"She had an accident, I'm afraid," the soldier said, and sent her a knowing look.

"So soon?" she replied. She had enjoyed the company of Beegona, who had sometimes gathered all the tributes for tea and cookies.

"The fourth queen to fall off the Royal castle's balcony since his crowning. You'd think they'd fix that treacherous railing by now..."

"May her soul find rest in the black void," Laena said, and the soldier nodded. 

"Forever drifting in the dark night," he replied, as was customary.

They walked up the spiraling stairs in silence. The castle was the largest building in the kingdom, by far. Her great grandmother had told her that it was at least partly repurposed from the ancient generation ship that took them here from Earth. That ship could only travel at twice the speed of light. Imagine that!

"The princess is lost, however," the soldier suddenly continued.

"Lost?"

"Yzikian raid, we think. A few days ago. Last known position was the Orix system. Void knows why they took that detour. It's a real shithole. Nothing there but minerals and convicts."

Laena had never heard of Orix.

"No wonder the king has asked for me," she said, "he must be furious. He always asks for me when he needs to calm down."

The soldier nodded in reply, a sadness passing over his face, as if saying "you don't deserve this."

She'd been here for almost five months now, including the lessons. Eleven left to serve before her year was over. Her family would be safe as long as she cooperated. 

"You're doing well here," the soldier said, "that's what Myrah says."

"I am?"

"Yalen-2 received generous rations last month, so you must be."

She thought about her beloved family and friends back home under the harsh red sun. She would endure. For them.

The redhead and the soldier finally stepped up to the big door. Three guards stood in front of it.

"Special delivery from Myrah," the soldier said.

"Late as always, Sarantos," the older guard said and shook his head.

The youngest guard took a step forward and retrieved a scanning device.

"Strip search?" he joked, and gave Laena a creepy smile. She could only smile back. The walls had ears, and she knew he would not dare to touch her, so close to the king's quarters.

Instead, the guard scanned her from head to toe with the device.

"Clean," he said and his boss nodded. 

"Thank you, Sarantos," the boss said, "you are dismissed."

The soldier gave her another look, as if to say he was sorry, and left the way he came.

The door closed behind her when she entered. It was a large room, with faux stone walls and carpets in the ancient style. In one end stood a large bed, where currently, King Assertos was half sitting, half lying on his back. Around the bed she saw generous amounts of food and drinks: colorful fruits and vegetables, cooked sausages, bloody steaks and fish fillets. She had to fight the urge to just run over and dig in. All they ever gave her in her room was dry bread and nutrient pills.

Her heels clicked on the floor as she walked over to the bed and started her act.

"Carisha and Roana," she said, "you sluts couldn't wait for me?"

The other tributes with red hair turned and smiled to her. "Laena!" they cheered, and even the king smiled. At least she wasn't alone in this. The tributes from Yalen-3 and Yalen 6-1 were kind to her, but also clever. 

"Yalen-2, come over here and join us!" the king ordered. He was stark naked, his hands greasy from the food.

"Thank you for inviting me, my big, strong king," Laena said. "I mean 'creepy, fat pig,'" she thought while she let her flimsy dress fall to the floor. 

Meanwhile, the other two redheads went back to the blowjob she had interrupted. She watched them taking turns sucking the tip. While one licked the head, the other one held the king's big belly up to give them room, but also licked his balls.

"Strip," the king said, and then groaned as Carisha suddenly let his entire length sink into her mouth.

Laena smiled coyly and started dancing. Closing her eyes, she began to touch herself, and her thoughts wandered to her final night on Yalen-2, when she slept with Giakes, the great fighter pilot from her home town. It had been a romantic and passionate night, and she was thankful that he, and not the king, had taken her virginity.

The thoughts made her dance well, they always did. Once she was in the mood, she let her eyes open. Not even the sight of the obnoxious king would disturb her now. The creep was pleased and motioned for her to come closer. She playfully refused, and instead removed her bra, revealing her nice, firm breasts. She had a lithe, petite body, and liked it that way. For one; No back pain, and two; dresses always fit nicely.

The king seemed to like her body as well, although he probably wished she had bigger tits like most of the tributes. He was a simple man. However, her ass made up for it, and she knew it. It was why she had captured Giakes, and why Yalen-2 had chosen her as their tribute this year.

She turned it towards the king and shook her ass playfully, letting him take in the view. Bubble shaped, big, but firm, her finest asset was the result of endless hours in the lowgrav training center for the Yalen Space Ballet, sprinkled with a light dust of lucky genes. She loved dancing, and the lowgrav version of ballet demanded great core strength, but also a lot of springiness. 

Noticing a red, fat sausage lying on a plate, she saw an opportunity. It was strictly against the rules, but... she took it, turned towards the king and got his attention. With a seductive smile she kissed the tip of the sausage with tight lips. The king groaned from the sight alone. She extended her tongue and let it slide slowly all the way from one end to another. The salty taste gave her shivers and she giggled. The king grinned, so she dared to go on.

She sat down on the bed, next to the king, let the sausage slide over her lips, and then slipped it into her mouth.

"Oh god!" she gasped, an honest reaction, muffled by the big piece of meat in her mouth. It was so tempting to just take a bite. The king watched with great interest, however, so she let it slide in and out while her tongue played with it. The king reached the out and his hand fell on her inner thigh. She closed her eyes and imagined it was Giakes' hand that hungrily found its way inside her black panties, and she felt herself getting wetter. Good, at least it wouldn't hurt.

"Oh, my king, you are so big!" a female voice announced. 

While Laena desperately fought the instinct to bite into the fat sausage, Roana had mounted the king and begun to grind herself on him. It was his favorite position, as it allowed his Royal Fatness to fuck without having to do any actual physical work.

Laena opened her eyes again and saw that the king nevertheless was looking at her, not Roana. She hated this competition he set up between them, especially when it was an in-system fight. She had relatives on Yalen-6-1 too, and would hate for the supply ships to pass by that moon, even if it was to her home planet's advantage. Yet that was how the king did it, and she had to do her utmost for her own people.

So she took risks. 

With her eyes fixed on the king, she sucked hungrily on the sausage. His fingers were exploring her bald pussy, and although his clumsiness was annoying rather than hot, she moaned a lot. Eventually she paused for a second, winked to him and... Took a big bite of the fat sausage.

"Oh my god!" she thought. The fat, salty meat stick tasted incredible. She was in heaven -- for two seconds. 

*slap*

The king hit her face with his palm.

"You slut! Turn around," the king hissed, "you 'll get a spanking for that."

It was worth it, she thought, as she turned over and quickly ate the rest of the sausage. She was playing him. She knew he loved spanking her ass. 

*slap*

"Ow!"

"Never..."

*smack*

"Ah!"

"... break..."

*smack*

"Oh!"

"... my..."

*SMACK!*

"rules!"

"Ooh! I'm so sorry, my king, please have mercy on me!"

She knew he wasn't angry for real. She just needed to be disciplined in front of the others. In private he let her eat a bit of the good stuff. He pulled her up towards him, and she sat on his face. Again, he didn't know a lot about what he was doing, so she'd wiggle and move on his tongue and pretend it was Giakes.

Meanwhile, Roana was riding him with a frenzy, screaming about his big dick. The king loved to brag about how his four inch penis was the largest in the kingdom, and he definitely loved to see and hear his harem worship it. Oftentimes, Myrah had told them in the lessons, he made new tributes measure it together, and talk about their previous experience with less fortunate men. 

Even if she'd only slept with one man before coming here, Laena had been forced to lie. Giakes, her fighter pilot hero, had a girthy, 5.5 inch monster which dwarfed the king's penis. Of course, she couldn't say that to the king. Other girls had it easier. 

Annoyingly, the king was quite large compared to most men in the Tainee kingdom, who, according to the official statistics department, averaged at around three inches. Her great grandmother had told her that it wasn't always like this. Something strange and unexpected had happened on the generation ship way back in ancient times; something that among other things, made the men grow shorter appendages than on Earth. Laena always laughed when her great grandmother told her fantastic stories, and especially the slightly dirty ones she only told the girls.

Roana soon pretended to come, with a deep and strong, but fake orgasm designed to bring generous gifts to her colony. The king wasted no time in telling Carisha to replace her. One redhead reluctantly slid off the king, and another mounted him. Both girls were hot in their own way, Laena had to admit. The lower gravity of Yalen-6-1 had gifted Roana with long, slender limbs, and a tiny waist, while the water planet Yalen-3 was the cause of Carisha's top-heavy, swimmer physique.

While Roana had been assigned the bald pussy look, like Laena, Carisha had been instructed to let her hair grow in a fiery red bush, above her clit, at least. Laena couldn't help but get a little wetter when she saw Carisha spread her lips and place His Majesty's dick in between them.

Laena had never been interested in girls before Tasim-4, but here, they had learned that girls had to stick together. Myrah had told them that. A human being needs a good amount of affectionate, unselfish touch and caress, and in the royal palace, the tributes would get none, if not from each other.

So, while his creepiness explored her pussy from below, with his awkward tongue action, she leaned over and kissed Carisha. The other girl responded with an excited eagerness, and the two girls made out passionately. Laena felt a gush of her sweet honey leak out and fall onto the king's tongue. Good, that should please him.

Carisha began to grind on the king's dick and Laena moved down to suck on her big breasts. She knew it was her turn soon, and she was determined to finish him. Myrah said they secretly put drugs in his food to make him last longer. It was something they started doing after he ordered his first harem to be executed. The drug allowed him to play the stud part he wanted without getting embarrassed by premature ejaculation.

Still, Laena felt confident she could finish him off without angering him, now that he had fucked the other two. She wanted to end the session soon and get back to her room.

"Oh king, you're licking my sweet pussy so well," she moaned to the king. 

"And your big dick feels amazing in mine," Carisha continued. 

The man groaned in pleasure.

"I can't wait to feel you inside me, filling me up," Laena countered.

"Oh my god, your cock is splitting me in two!" Carisha replied, annoyed at Laena.

The two went back and forth, fighting over who could compliment the king the most. Almost accidentally, Carisha felt herself coming. Her grinding and the vocal fighting had turned her on for real, and now she was bucking and trashing on top of the king. 

"Oh king, you are making her come so hard!" Laena said, "I only hope you save your hot cum for my little pussy!"

The fat king grunted again, and lifted Carisha off. Roana rushed to his groin and started blowing him, but he protested and pushed her away. 

"Come here!" he said and motioned for Laena to sit on his cock. Instead of doing like the others, she mounted him with her ass towards his face, giving him the best view of her butt, while she didn't have to look at his revolting mug.

He slid into her with ease thanks to the natural lubrication from her daydreams. She clamped down as much as possible to make her snatch feel tight around him, but it took a lot of effort. Still, he groaned and grabbed her hips to pull her tightly down. 

"Oh my goodness, you're so deep inside me," she faked, his dick not much longer than the middle finger she wanted to wiggle in his face.

She rode him slowly in order to maximize his orgasm, teasing him in the process. Roana took the opportunity to crawl into the space between his legs and began to suck his balls. The king grunted and Laena smiled. That should help.

"Oh my gosh!" Laena moaned, a tongue suddenly on her clit. 

Carisha was apparently less supportive of Laena's plan. She had made her way between the king's legs as well, but surprised Laena by beginning to eat her out. 

"Shit, she's doing all she can to make me come first, so that she can have another shot with the king." Laena thought. There was no way she would let that happen. 

She upped her game by grinding harder than ever on the king, letting his cock get squeezed against one of her soft, hot walls with every thrust. Roana helped by sucking and licking his balls. Laena tried to shake off Carisha, but the beautiful Yalen-3-girl kept her tongue almost glued to her pussy. However, she sometimes missed, and licked the king's shaft as Laena rose, and that was probably what offset the game in the latter's favor.

"Oh God, you're gonna make me cum!" Laena moaned, truthfully, but to whom? At the same time the king grunted his reply.

"Oh yes, slut, prepare for the king's cum in your cunt!"

Laena sighed in relief. Every time she managed to avoid getting his cum in the face was a good day. The antibelly shot took care of unwanted pregnancies for the duration of their tribute period, so since that wasn't an issue, she preferred the internal finish.

She heard a small curse from Carisha, but at least she was kind enough to keep going. The tongue on her clit felt amazing, and she squirmed on top of the king as she came. 

"Aaah! Yeah!" she cried. 

"Gaaaeeergh!"

The king grunted like a boar, pulled her ass down hard, and she felt a trickle or two of warm cum drip inside her. Finally. She rode out her orgasm and praised the king in the meantime.

Afterwards, the king made them lie in bed and make out while he rested. Laena let Roana lap up the cum from her pussy, while she kissed Carisha. The latter was still annoyed at her, but played along. 

"My king," Laena said, "thank you for letting us please you."

He grunted in reply. 

"My people at Yalen-2 are grateful for your great leadership, and..."

"Yeah, yeah, I'll send some extra rations to your planet next week," he said. 

Laena smiled.

"Thank you, my king." she replied.

"But king, my people need food too, and-" Carisha began. The king turned quickly, surprisingly fast for his size, and hit the girl hard on her nose. She yelped and began to cry.

"No begging!" he yelled.

Laena felt bad for her, and for Roana. While she wanted to secure as much as possible for her planet, it would probably be wise to have as many friends as possible here. She decided to take another risk.

"My king," she said with her softest voice, "I think your idea of splitting the supplies between the three Yalen settlements is great. You are such a generous and... big... man!"

She braced herself for impact, but the slap never came. Instead, the king was silent for a few moments, before his mouth formed something that could, in the right light, look like a smile.

"I am very generous, Yalen-2, you are right about that, " he said. "In fact, I have decided to share next week's surplus rations between the Yalen planets. How does that sound?"

"Oh, my king, you are such a strong, wise leader," Laena replied, and kissed his cheek. Maybe the next eleven months wouldn't be so bad after all? 

"Guards!" the king called. 

The big door opened and two soldiers entered.

"Yes, your Majesty?"

"Send these two back to their rooms. And this one," he pointed to Laena, "back to Myrah for retraining."

He gave her an evil grin. 

"Yalen-2 will receive no rations. Nobody makes a fool of the king."

She gasped as the soldiers seized her. 

--

Stan Irutian was getting tired of waking up, confused, in a new location, every day, but at least this time he was on a green, luscious planet, and the bed was both comfortable and old-fashioned. 

He'd been a prisoner, working in the fuel mines on a rural moon. Out of nowhere, the Empire had taken him onto a space yacht and transformed him into a superstud version of himself. 

Why? Oh yeah, they told him he was going to be the secret boy toy of Yulia, a galactic princess, who was to be married off to some local king. She was totally hot, so he didn't really mind.

Just when he was about to bang said princess for the first time, someone had launched a surprise attack on their spaceship. After their successful escape, his memory was totally blank.
