 Stan Irutian had woken up. He couldn't remember how he got there, but he was back with his harvester bots, in the cold, dark night of Shithole-9. 

"What the hell are you smiling for?" another inmate yelled as he passed. 

Stan realized that he'd been thinking about the strange, fun dream from the previous night. 

"Damn, it felt so real", he thought, but alas, now he was back to his good old self. Undernourished and skinny, instead of the stud version from the dream.

Noticing that one of his robots was acting weird, he started making his way over. His steps were gentle and controlled in the low, lunar gravity. The fine sand, a biproduct of the harvesters, flew up as he walked. More than normal, he realized. Soon he found himself trapped within a cloud of dust. He was falling. Gravity was gone, and he felt sick, twisting and turning inside the dust cloud. 

"Help!" he cried on the radio, but there was nothing but static.

Suddenly the cloud cleared and he was hurtling through the darkness of space. As if he was completely alone in intergalactic space, there were no stars and nothing to relate to around him. He just felt the movement in his guts. He tried to turn and see behind him, but there was nothing anywhere to be seen. 

"Somebody help!" he called. There was no reply.

He floated for a while, gradually becoming aware of a white surface in front of him. It got closer and closer. There was a yellow or brown speck on it, and second by second it got larger. He was accelerating! He panicked. He was going to crash.

"Relax, Stan!" a soft voice said out of nowhere. "Relax!" It sounded strangely familiar.

It did not stop him from falling. He saw the white coming towards him faster and faster... then... 

Nothing.

He was awake.

He felt sick.

He felt gravity.

Standard gravity. 

He slowly opened his eyes. The room was brightly lit, with white walls. 

He was back in the dream, or was he dead?

"Relax, Stan," the voice said from his right. He looked over. It was the strawberry blonde from the fantasy, just as hot as he remembered her. She was dressed in the tight uniform, her big tits straining against the fabric. 

"You're just experiencing side effects to the treatment."

He looked around. It was the same room as before, but now they were alone.

"Captain Joamo is preparing for the jump to the Tasim system," the blonde said. 

"Meea, is it?" he replied, and she nodded softly. "Is this another dream?" he asked. 

"No, no," she said, smiling reassuringly. "What you just had was a nightmare."

She noticed how he didn't seem to find the reply satifactory, and added, 

"Confusion is a natural reaction to the medical procedure you just went through. Yes, we have taken you on board this vessel. You are to serve the rest of your sentence directly under Royal command."

"Royal command?"

Stan felt like his head was spinning. He had trouble keeping his eyes focused and felt like he was slipping into sleep and out of it every second. 

"This is reality," Lietenant Jaymes said, and placed her hand on his thigh. The soft touch of her hand made him aware of that he had bulked up like in the dream.

"Right now, I can't tell what's real and what's imaginary. You've changed me?"

"Yes, we had to improve you... or rather... help you reach your full potential," she explained, "but I hope you don't mind."

Her hand slid up to outline his rapidly hardening cock. She appeared as if hypnotized.

"Just a quick peek," she added, and pulled the thin sheets off his body. She gasped when she saw it, not even fully hard.

"Wow!" she said, and placed as much of her hand around the thick shaft as she was able to.

"That feels good," he mumbled. 

"It's even bigger than I remembered from last night."

She slowly stroked him until he was completely erect. It felt great. Stan was struggling to accept that this was actually happening, and not a dream. Two women had seized him, given him a giant cock, and now they were taking him to Tasim-4? He'd never been to Tasim-4, but it sounded great! Much better than the rocky moon on which he'd spent the last four years. 

He looked down at the thing the buxom blonde was slowly jerking. By the emperor, that thing was massive! He couldn't believe his luck. His entire life, he'd seen the disappointment in women's eyes as he undressed for them. Now, all he saw was lust. Deep lust.

Lieutenant Meea Jaymes had her orders. She was to observe the patient, reassure him of his safety and by all means not touch him. 

"After the obligatory SVT", the Captain had said with a certain regret, "protocol states that the patient is normally to be kept in the medbay until he is ready to be presented."

"Orders, smorders!" she scoffed, and bent down to suck on his impressive manhood.

"Lieutenant!" a voice was heard from the incom, and Meea froze. Surely there were no active cameras in the MedBay now? She straightened her back and activated her speaker. 

"Yes, Captain?"

"How is our patient doing, Lieutenant? Is he up?"

The second-in-command looked at Stan and grinned. 

"Yes, Captain, most definitely!"

"Good. Now, remember your orders, Meea." She heard a gentle smile in her superior's voice. 

"Of course, Captain!" the curvy blonde replied, reluctantly accepting that the Captain was right: orders are orders. She shouldn't risk anything now they were so close to a successful mission. Her cut of the pay would be pretty good. 

"We are ready for the jump, Lieutenant, so please take the patient to my quarters for a mission briefing."

"Affermative!" she replied and closed the incom. 

She took one last look at the inmate, then turned around and started looking for his new clothes.

--

"This is Tasim-4," the brunette said, and pointed to the green and blue planet on the big screen. Stan reluctantly tore his eyes from her beautiful bubble butt. 

"OK..." he said.

"Fertile, clean and independent, it is the capital of the small, but powerful Tainee Empire, ruled by King Assertos XV."

Stan shrugged. He had no interests in the power struggles of Kings and Emperors.

"Until now, they have stayed neutral in the Great War, prospering wildly from trade in this region while our men and women are dying in the battlespace. They have spent their riches well, building a substantial navy, and now they are joining our side."

"Why?" Stan asked. "Why would they do that if they are earning so much from staying neutral?"

"Good question," Captain Jaymes said. "It is our Great Emperor who have convinced them that the War will be won by our glorius Empire. And when the Yzikians fall, the rest of the Galaxy is up for grabs."

"Aha," said Stan, "So King Assertos has decided that it's better to become a subordinate than to be crushed?"

"Exactly," the gorgeous brunette said, "you're not as stupid as I thought."

Stan ignored the comment.

"So why are we going there?" 

"Another good question. Well, the Emperor has promised the King one of his young daughters. In this case, Princess Yulia, his 14th child. So..."

"So the chick is aboard this ship?"

"Her Royal Highness is aboard, yes," the hot 29-year-old Space Captain corrected.

"Cool," the modified inmate said. "So... Meea said I was to serve the rest of my sentence directly under Royal Command... am I a slave?"

The Captain looked at him, then turned to the wall, weighing her words. 

"Yes. For life, I'm afraid."

Stan shrugged. "That's alright, I guess. Beats mining on Shithole-9 for another six years."

"Yes, I guess so. But there is a crucial point you're missing," the Captain said, coming closer.

"You see, extreme wealth and power can give you anything, and I mean anything. A galactic Princess, for instance. Certainly good health. Or body modifications."

"Like you did to me."

"Exactly."

"But..."

"But the Tainees were among the first to leave Earth, all the way back in 2042. Shortly after arriving on Tasim-4, they cut interstellar communications. We don't know why. For two hundred years, they were isolated, evolving away from most of mankind. In the oddest of ways..."

It finally dawned on Stan. 

"So what you're saying is..."

"Yes." She whispered, as if she feared eavesdropping. "It is a well-known secret in the Galaxy that the Tainees have... umm... very small penises."

"Like how small are we talking?" Stan said.

"Well, we don't know for sure," Captain Serrah Joamo said, "but from what I hear..." She held out her fingers, 2-3 inches apart.

"Hahah-!" Stan couldn't help but laugh at the poor men of the Tainee Empire, but his laughter was cut short, when suddenly, a thought hit him:

"So why can't they use the same tricks you used on me?" he asked.

The Captain smiled at him. 

"Good question. It seems like the Tainees have lost the dormant genes we normally awaken in the procedure. They experimented for a while with stolen nanotech, but soon discovered that it was just an expensive way to kill their test subjects. Even for Empire men, the procedure carries a big risk."

"Alright, I understand," Stan said, blessing his Emperor that he hadn't died in his sleep. Still, he was confused about his own part in this. 

"OK, so let me get this straight: you have brought me up here to your fancy space ship, done your thing with me, and now...? What?"

"Before we left the capital, the Queen secretly ordered me to find a way to keep her beloved daughter -- uhm -- satisfied, during her marriage."

She kept searching for the right words. 

"You must be very discreet. King Assertos will definitely have you executed if he finds out."

"Aaah, so I'm supposed to bang the chick," Stan said, finally understanding his fate.

Captain Joamo turned away and rolled her eyes. 

--

Later, Captain Joamo once again stood outside the Royal Cabin. This time she was less nervous. She was here to fulfill her duty and hand over the Princess' new toy. Hopefully, she would like him. Then all they'd have to do was to sail safely to Tasim-4 and deliver their important cargo.

"Enter!" the Princess yelled, and the door opened. It was quite dark. The two of them stepped inside, and the door closed behind them. Stan noted with curiousity the carpeted floor below him.

It was hard to see in the dim lights, but the Emperor's daughter appeared to be somewhat appropriately dressed. She was inclined on a relaxing chair, watching some movie on a screen on the wall.

"Your Royal Highness, we have completed the Queen's orders. Here he is."

Princess Yulia, 18, looked up at the two and snapped her hands. A lamp above them turned on, illuminating the newcomers with a cone of light.

"He looks boring."

"I can assure you he is perfectly --"

"Take off your clothes!" Yulia commanded, and turned off the screen. Stan looked at Captain Joamo, who nodded, and he began to unbutton his shirt.

"No, not you!" the beautiful blonde Princess said, "The Captain!"

"I beg your pardon?" Serrah said. 

"You heard me. Undress!"

This was not how they should treat a hero of the Empire, she thought. She deserved better. Yet she also knew that the Emperor and his family was all-powerful. Their word was law, and the Princess was a small part of the royal family. Reluctantly, the brunette unzipped her suit, and let it fall to the floor. 

"Underwear too!" the Princess commanded. Serrah just barely avoided to roll her eyes. Soon the brunette was standing there in the nude, her sexy body exposed to the Princess and Stan. 

"Now get down on your knees!" she commanded, and threw a pillow over to Serrah.

"No, not facing me, facing him! God, you are so stupid."

Stan grinned as the Princess commanded the Captain around. He looked down at her, now kneeling in front of him. He was already getting hard by the sight of her fine body.

"Come on, take out his cock! Let me see what you've come up with!"

Serrah traced the outline of his cock through his pants. Phew, he was ready. She unbuttoned his pants, then reached inside and pulled it out. Looking over at the young Princess, she slowly jerked the thick meat, making it harder and harder until it stood proudly by itself.

There was no apparent reaction from the spoiled 18-year-old blonde.

"Go on..." she said. 

Serrah didn't have to ask for instructions. Pushing her tongue out, she licked slowly from the very base of his cock. She locked eyes with the Princess, and, as if demonstrating the impressive length, she took her time, letting her soft, wet tongue slide upwards towards the swollen head.

The brunette looked up at the stud she had created, and gave him a smile. Then she opened her mouth and descended on him. This time, she was able to open wider, getting 3 inches inside her wet orifice. She bobbed her head tenderly up and down the big cock. Gradually, she realized how much she loved it, and soon, more of the thick shaft entered her mouth. Soon, she felt it against her throat, and she gagged. Stan groaned deeply, encouraging her. She was his slut now, she realized, but it wasn't scaring her. She reached down to her pussy. Yeah, just as she had guessed. She was dripping.

"OK, stop!" the Princess suddenly interrupted. Reluctantly, Serrah let the thick penis slip out of her mouth. Gasping for air, the brunette failed to notice all the saliva dripping down from the thick shaft to her firm tits.

The Princess stood up, and the ceiling lights came on, bathing the room in a soft, sexy glow. Stan could finally see the girl. She was gorgeous. Long, blonde hair in soft waves, framing the cutest face he had ever seen. Her button nose sprinkled with soft freckles, and her eyes deeply blue, she was the epitome of teenage beauty.

Princess Yulia casually let her silky blue dress fall to the floor. The two others watched the blonde in silence as she started to make her way towards them. The curvy 18-year-old reached back to unclasp her white bra. When she revealed her big tits, Stan stared like a fourteen-year-old boy hiding in the girls' locker room. He had never seen anyone like her; The Princess was sculpted to perfection, and her breasts were out of this world. They were quite large, but not comically so, just perfectly out of proportion to her otherwise petite body. With a natural bounce as she tiptoed towards them, he noticed just how firm and perfectly shaped they were.

"Impressive, Captain Joamo," the Princess said. "both the cock..." she added, stopping two feet in front of the pair. She reached out and let her index finger run along the length of the massive erection. She looked at it, then up at Stan and winked. The lucky man swallowed his drool. Princess Yulia turned to Serrah, and put her finger on the brunette's full lips. Serrah acted on instinct, sucking on the delicate finger. The Princess smiled wickedly. "... and the cocksucker!"

"Now, you can undress too," she said, and Stan didn't waste a second shedding his suit.

"While you..." she continued, pulling her finger out of the brunette Space Captain's mouth, "have a job to do."

"Certainly, Your Highness," Serrah said, "I shall return to the bridge". She bent down to gather her clothes.

"Not that!" the Princess said. She pushed the brunette's head into her crotch. "Eat my pussy!"

Stan slowly stroked his slick cock as he watched the surprised brunette pull the Princess' panties down. Her pussy was perfect, of course, with smooth, thick outer lips and a small patch of hair above the slit. He grinned as the curvy blonde pushed Serrah towards her pussy, forcing her to lick it. 

"So, can he fuck?" the Princess asked.

"Mmmf," Serrah replied, unable to escape the deaths grip of the Princess. The blonde looked him straight in the eye.

"You know I'm the Princess, right? I could pick and choose studs back in the capital."

"Yes, I've been told so," Stan replied, almost frightened at how much he craved to sink his monster deep inside this bombshell.

"Aah..." she sighed, as the Captain hit a particularily good spot with her velvet tongue. 

"You do look promising," Princess Yulia continued, "but a big gun is useless if you can't shoot. There's nothing more pathetic than a hung man who can't please a woman!"

Stan chuckled. He had gradually realized this was just her way of testing him. The Princess tried to intimidate him and make him lose his self-confidence. However, he felt strangely confident. During that amazing threesome with Serrah and Meea, he surprised himself with an almost sixth sense on how to talk, touch and fuck. A slick grin formed on his face as he pictured their hot bodies trashing in orgasm. Gone was the clumsy, nervous and selfish guy of his past. Maybe it was side-effects of the procedure. Maybe something else. He didn't care. He knew he was ready.

Holding her gaze, he said calmly, 

"Yeah, don't worry. I'll fuck your brains out."

"Good," she said, but Stan could see a tiny smile form on her lips. "Her first."

Stan nodded, and the three moved over to the spacious couch in the middle of the room. The 18-year-old bombshell laid down on the flat end, spreading her legs for the Captain to continue the cunnilingus. Serrah was in doubt. This was in clear violation of the Queen's orders, but on the other hand, the Princess was also Royal family, so her word was law too... and besides, her pussy tasted so sweet... She had no chance, and climbed up on the couch and got back to licking the delicate folds of the Princess.

"Damn, that ass is so nice," Stan thought as he watched Serrah crawl on all fours. He followed her and lined up behind. He probed her with his fingers, finding her a bit dry. No problem, he thought, and began to massage her clit. First gently, through the outer lips. He went round and round, then up and down, then back to the circling. Soon, she began to lubricate. He probed her again, making his finger nice and wet, before beginning to play with her inner lips and clit. Serrah was quite sensitive, he found, so he didn't stimulate the clit directly at first. Instead he let two fingers slide up and down on the upper "shaft" of the clit. She moaned deep from this, and soon he found that her pussy was ready.

He positioned himself behind her heart-shaped ass, grabbing one globe in his left hand while he lined up his formidable 9" cock at her entrance. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Serrah squealed as he slid the head up and down her slit, getting it nice and wet. She knew what was coming. He pushed forward, and the thick head pressed against her tight opening. Still not accustomed to his size, her pussy resisted, even though she desperately wanted to feel him inside her once more. Stan knew he had to be patient, and soon enough, she suddenly relaxed for a small second, and he slipped deep inside her.

"Oh my gooood!" Serrah cried, the fat cock filling her pussy up to the brink. She was sure that she had never felt as stuffed as now. In this position, he could penetrate her even deeper than before, and the angle of the thrusts made sure her G-spot got the perfect massage.

"Come on! Give her a pounding!" the young Princess encouraged Stan. 

"All in time," he thought to himself. "This is just her way of manipulating me."

Instead he fucked the curvy female Captain slowly, with confident, full-length strokes. She loved it.

"Mmmm.... Aaah... Oooh..." she moaned, on a rapid hyperspace pathway to Orgasmia (which in fact was an actual planet, in the Yuali system).

Serrah found it almost impossible to focus on the wet pussy in front of her. Stan fucked her so well, and the sweet juices she lapped up only made her hornier. She tried to hold it back, the orgasm. She wanted to come with him, but she knew it was impossible. He was not made for that purpose. 

"Ah! Ooh! Ooh!" she moaned. She loved how he grabbed her hips and just banged her hard, but slow. No rush, just pleasuring the pussy. Every time he pulled back, she clamped down on it, trying to keep it inside. Thus, on every stroke back inside, the massive penis plowed its way to her depths. It was intense. Too intense. 
