 Men rushed into the room moments later, taking in the scene before them. The two Templars lay near each other. One had been affected by some kind of vampiric magic, and was rushed immediately to St. Malorick's Hospital. The other was dazed, but had suffered only minor damage. He seemed unable to speak, and was being allowed to recover himself before returning to the precinct station.

They'd found two others in the wreckage. One was an adventurer, who reportedly had tried to fight back the cultists when he saw the Templars being attacked. The other was a young woman who worked in a nearby tavern.

"It's alright, miss. You just take your time, tell us what happened," said the sergeant. He draped his cloak around her shoulders. The fabric was dyed a deep blue, with the city crest on the back in white.

"Oh, it was awful," she said. "Well, after they grabbed me and brought me to this place, the men said something about luring the Templars in. Live bait, they said. Gods, I think they were going to kill me! Or, or sacrifice me! I'm lucky to be alive."

"Shh, there there. It's alright, you're safe now. Keep going, if you can." He was struggling not to stare down her top. It was unprofessional, not to mention wrong, but... gods, she was gorgeous. He shook his head to clear his mind, forcing himself to look her in the eye. He was married, damn it. But despite that, his gaze kept drifting downward. The perfect curve of her breasts, practically falling out of that top...

"Well, the men came in. The Templars, I mean. They, well, they didn't know. That it was a trap. The men with the dark cloaks attacked them, nine or ten of them. The smell was terrible, I don't know why I remember that. They were chanting, and some kind of spell struck the Templars but they just shrugged it off. The first one, anyway. There were two, no three, more of their awful chants and the men were getting hurt."

She paused, wiping her eyes. "No, I'm alright. I should keep talking. It helps, I think." She sniffled. "So then the other man came in. And his hands lit up, and he was casting back at the cult. The Templars fell over, but they hurt a few of them. And then there was this big explosion. I fell, and I hit my head. When I woke up the cult was gone, and you were running in. Oh, thank the gods you arrived when you did."

The sergeant gave a tight lipped smile. "Yes, well. It's all under control now, not to worry. You just come back to the office with us, we'll get everything sorted out." He reached over and squeezed her hand. It was meant to be reassuring, but he found his hand lingering on hers. The girl's skin was soft and warm, and her scent was... arousing. He was staring again. She was smiling at him. He needed to tell her something...

"Sarge? You okay?" 

The voice brought the sergeant out of his reverie. "Uh, yeah. Yeah. We're done here. Gonna walk the girl back. I'll take Templar William with me, see if we can get a priest in to check him out. Just in case."

The other man nodded, frowning. "Yeah. Sure, good idea. Just. You know."

"What is it?"

"Uh. Nothing, sarge."

It took a fifteen minutes to reach the precinct house. Sergeant Donovan walked with the Templar, ten feet in front of the girl he was escorting. He did not make conversation, and did not look back.

With everyone down at the scene of the attack, the squat blue building was half empty. Donovan looked to Will. "You alright, sir? You can wait with her in the back room, if you like."

Will nodded. "Yeah, I think it's coming back to me. Mostly. That would fine. Thank you, sergeant."

Donovan nodded, then began walking back. 

It took Will two tries before remembering which office he wanted. Gods preserve him, what had happened? He must have hit his head during the attack. He stepped inside, gesturing for the girl to sit down on the old leather couch opposite his own. The Templar thought over the story she'd told at the cathedral, about the cultists. Something seemed... off. Had there been multiple attackers? He only remembered one. Flashes of light, and flame. And then... what had happened after that?

Will frowned, looking at the girl across from him. Had she been there the whole time? She was certainly dressed like a serving girl, so at least that part of her story held up. She couldn't be older than eighteen or nineteen.

"What did you say your name was?" he asked.

She smiled shyly. "Lexi. Oh, I'm just exhausted after that ordeal." The girl stretched, arching her back and yawning. 

Will couldn't help but notice the way the movement strained the thin white cotton of her shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra underneath it, he realized. Her soft, pale nipples teased against the fabric as she moved. He could feel a tent growing in his pants, and fought to repress it. This wasn't the time for those kind of thoughts.

Lexi ran her tongue slowly around her full, luscious lips. Had they been painted such a dark color in the cathedral, Will wondered? On their walk back? He didn't think so, but maybe he was mistaken. She didn't seem so cautious as before, either. There was something unnerving in the way she was eyeing him. It was almost predatory.

"Do you remember any more of what happened?" Lexi asked, arching an eyebrow. The girl adjusted her top, but that only seemed to reveal more of her cleavage.

It was impolite to stare, Will thought to himself. Especially after what she just went through. He forced himself to meet her eyes. "A little. I remember a flash of light, and then an explosion. Gaius was saying something. Warning me, I think. Then..." He paused. What had happened next? He hadn't been unconscious, he was fairly certain. But the memory proved elusive.

"Such a shame," Lexi murmured. She trailed a finger across the top of her breasts, following their curves. "Maybe it will come back to you later."

"Uh, yeah. Later." Will broke her gaze, looking down at the floor. He was trying not to watch her from the corner of his eye, and was failing.

"Will your friend be alright?" She slipped her shoes off and wriggled her toes, sliding her stockings together as she adjusted her position.

Gods above, why couldn't he control himself? Will tried to look casual as he grabbed a pillow from the couch and held it in front of his lap. "Gaius is... Well. He's a tough old bastard. I'm sure he'll be fine." He felt a little out of breath.

Lexi smiled at him. "That's good. Is this your office?" she asked, looking at the boxes cluttering the room.

"Oh, no. This is just... a spare room. Hence the mess. We work out of the Inquisition office, a few blocks over. It's a little more private."

"That must be nice. Having someplace you can just slip in... and out of." She brought a hand up to her mouth as she spoke, sliding two fingers between her lips and moaning gently before withdrawing them. "Do you like that, William? Sliding innn and out?"

Will blinked twice, trying to refocus. "Uh, yeah. I guess." Images flickered through his mind. The girl hadn't been unconscious when they'd arrived, had she? No, she'd gotten there after the mage. And there hadn't been a group of attackers...

"It would feel sooo nice, wouldn't it?" she asked, trailing her tongue along her fingers. "Warm, and soft, and slippery."

Will's face went red, realizing that he'd been grinding the pillow against his lap as he watched the scene in front of him. "You. You, uh. At the temple. After the fight."

"Go on, William."

"W-with Gaius. And then you. With me. I was watching. And..." Will felt his cock throbbing through his pants. The pillow dropped to the floor as memory filtered back to him, sending a shiver through his body.

The girl stood, walked over to the office door and closed it before sitting on the arm of Will's couch. She leaned forward, letting her top fall away from her breasts.

"You. Almost killed him," Will stammered out.

"He won't be much of a Templar anymore," the girl sighed. "All that hard work and training, and now he's level one." She shook her head. "He's hopelessly addicted, you know. Just seeing a pretty girl in a sexy outfit, he'll go weak in the knees. Babbling about how beautiful she is, unable to hide the bulge in his pants. He'll do anything they ask. Desperately hoping they'll touch his poor, slutty cock."

"Y-you're lying!" Will tried to sit up, but the girl put her hand on his chest and eased him gently back into the couch. 

"Do you want to know how it feels, William? I could show you."

"It won't, uh. Won't work on a Templar," Will mumbled.

"Is that why your cock is all excited down there? That's not because of me, is it?" She took a step toward him.

"N-no, I just. Um. The station, people will see. Can't just..."

"We're all alone, William." She knelt on the couch, straddling his lap. "You seem terribly distracted. Is something the matter?"

Will groaned as she twined her arms around his neck, pressing her breasts against his chest. His cock ground against her, blood pulsing with excitement. He felt light headed. Almost automatically, his hands found themselves on her hips, holding her plump ass.

Lexi pulled him into a kiss, arms wrapped around his head. Will did not resist. Her lips were sweet, sensual. Her hair fell around his face, and the scent was intoxicating. He breathed her in like a drowning man tasting clean air. She withdrew a moment later, planting gentle kisses on his mouth and neck, before she unbuckled his belt and tugged down his pants.

"Isn't that better?" she whispered, taking his cock in her hand and stroking it. "You know it's wrong, but it feels too good to stop. Your cock is falling in love with me, little hero. It's getting hard to think about anything else."

She slid down until she was kneeling in front of him, trailing her fingertips around the head of his lipstick-stained erection. Her hand moved down to his balls, cradling them. Slowly, deliberately, the succubus brought her mouth to the tip of Will's cock and kissed the head. Precum dribbled eagerly from the tip as she lapped it up.

"Delicious." Her lips slid over the head, going down to the base as she teased her tongue along the underside.

A groan fell from Will's lips as her mouth moved over his sensitive cock, licking and kissing and sucking until it all blurred into a haze of ecstasy.

"Moan for me, slave," she said, smirking up at him as she kissed along his shaft. "Let everyone know who you're cumming for."

Will tried to muffle himself as he cried out. "Ohhhh, Lexi don't stop. Oh, gods yes, please."

Moments later a knock sounded at the door. "Sir? Are you alright?"

Lexi smiled mischievously up at the Templar, swirling her tongue around the sensitive head.

"No don't," he whispered, "Someone is going to ohhhhmmf." He put a hand over his mouth, biting into the back of his glove. "It's fine," he choked out toward the door. "Please go away and oh Lexi don't stop."

"Cum for me," the succubus whispered. She wrapped her lips around his cock as Will's hips trembled and jerked, sending hot, thick ropes of cum down the demon's throat. She stroked him as he climaxed, coaxing each spurt into her waiting mouth and swallowing greedily.

Still erect, Will shuddered as pleasure continued to wash over him. He could feel his strength trickling away, but he was beyond caring. All that mattered was that she didn't stop. He needed to cum for her again, to spurt out every last drop to make her happy. He closed his eyes, melting into the cushions as her tongue moved teasingly against his shaft.

Another knock at the door. "Sir William?" It was Sergeant Donovan's voice.

Before Will could think of how to answer, Lexi had tucked his cock back into his pants and was sitting next to him. The door opened moments to the sergeant, looking perplexed.

"Sir?" he asked, frowning as he looked at Will.

"He was comforting me," Lexi explained. "And I was thanking him for saving me." She wiped a fleck of something from the corner of her mouth, meeting the sergeant's eyes while sucking it sensually off her finger.

The man's face went bright red. "I... see. Well. Wanted to let you know that Sir Gaius has come around. He's at St. Malorick's. Still weak, but at least conscious. He asked to see you."

Will coughed. "Yes, of course. Thank you. I'll be over shortly.

Donovan gave a nod and walked off, leaving the door open.

The succubus stroked Will's erection through his pants. "It's too bad you have to leave, but duty calls, of course. You need to visit your friend. Tell him you took care of that nasty demon." She buckled his belt and pulled her hands away.

Will's heartbeat filled his chest. He had to leave, or the sergeant would be suspicious. And there was Gaius. His cock trembled with need as he looked at the woman in front of him. "When, uh. When can I see you again?" Will's face went red. He had been trying to find the strength to stand up, to walk away, and the words had just tumbled out.

Lexi's eyebrows went up. "I had thought this was a one-time dalliance, William. A momentary lapse in judgment." She stood, smoothing her skirt and turning to face him.

Will shifted uncomfortably in his seat. His mind felt a little clearer, now that they were no longer in the act. He tried to stare at his feet, but his eyes kept drifting back to Lexi's cleavage. 

"You couldn't lose against a demon, after all. Even if her big, sexy titties make your cock get all stiff and excited."

"T-that's right."

"You'd never kneel down in front of her, stroking your aching cock and begging to cum. Begging to be drained, like an obedient slave." The succubus slipped her shoes back on as she spoke, staring off wistfully.

"P-please. I mean, no..." Will realized he was fondling himself through his pants while he stared. He didn't know how to stop.

"I'm sure you'll stop by Silas Revene's house when you're ready, to punish me with your big, thick sword. I've been such a naughty girl, after all."

Will nodded. His mouth was too dry to speak.

Lexi's smile drew into a smirk. "And I'm sure you won't need any backup." She pulled her hair behind her head, tying it into a ponytail. "Well, I'll be on my way, now that you've questioned me ever so thoroughly." She stooped, blowing Will a kiss. A wisp of black smoke drifted from her mouth to the Templar's. He shuddered, feeling her lips press hungrily against him, and spurted uncontrollably into his pants. 

Giggling, Lexi moved to the door. "See you soon, darling."

Will scrambled to his feet as she exited and rushed to the doorway. Lexi swayed gracefully down the hallway past the sergeant. Both men were staring at her ass as she walked away. The succubus held up a hand and waved without turning, and both the sergeant and the Templar waved absentmindedly back. Pink hearts fluttered through across their vision, and neither seemed to notice.