 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014

Topped myself again; this is the longest chapter. I got to thinking about Sting's "An Englishman in New York" while editing this, for some reason. ;)

******

Chapter 12



When I awoke from reverie, I was sitting on the low bed in the small, warm room of a Guild safehouse in Yong-wen. I found myself wondering if Auslan was still awake in the Underdark, and that was why I had not dreamt of him. Those dreams with him in it always had a particular...vivacity that those without him did not contain. 

Likewise, Shyntre had not been there, either to tease me or to tell me to fuck off and leave him alone. I felt disappointed. Or maybe this was something a little...different. More as if I might have wished to have that opportunity again, an opening to start it over again and try something different, rather than simply pouting that it had not worked out in my favor the first time. That he had resisted me, been more concerned with other things.

There was less activity outside my room now; it was quite and dim, with only the diffused glow of Moonlight pushing at the paper shades of the window. The weather was calm, though the air itself seemed laden with extra moisture and heat, even with the Sun gone from the Sky. I was much warmer here than I had been in the mountains or on the Lake.

I remembered that Mourn would be here soon to collect me for that visit to a Yungian Patriarch. As far as he knew, I was only going with the goal that the Man might loan me a body to use for my pleasure, if I was a good enough guest.

This was true enough, but I found myself thinking back on that headache right after I'd actually talked to Shyntre, and then to D'Shea, as if it had been in a real moment somewhere between here and the Underdark, and my head was paying a price for the effort. 

I'd also actually told the wizard that it had been lonely up here, and that was why I was groping him like a witless Court Noble....or just maybe like any Red Sister. Then Elder D'Shea had further lifted that opportunity away, with a demand for a "report"...and the wizard had been too focused on finding Auslan anyway.

Shyntre had seemed...felt...more anxious than before, as if something else weighed in his thoughts much more heavily than anything I could do to him in that crypt. He had been particularly worried about the image of the Valsharess that we saw, now that I replayed that part in my mind.

Had that been truly real? Was something very like what I'd seen going on now—both of the Valsharess and Jael, and my Elder and my two favorite males? I did have the proof—or at least the claim from a Noldor—about Jael indeed being imprisoned; take that as one will. But what about Shyntre? Who had possession of him right now, the queen or his dam? I was confused.

It seemed unlikely, to say the least, that Shyntre would be cooperating with his mother on a spell that took that much power and focus...assuming I had any inkling just what it took to accomplish a far-reaching mind-link like that. Even just to talk for a few moments.

I had not even had the time necessary to absorb this staggering incident before I was in a stiff negotiation with Mourn and his Noldor handler, Krithannia. It had not gone well for me. As interesting and novel as I might be to them, I had discovered that who they really wanted at this moment was Gavin.

He was the mage capable of creating that black shard that had been Jacob's soul; he was the "Deathwalker" capable of punching a hole between this world and the Greylands as a means to throw both the Ma'ab and Manalar into a bid for survival rather than a battle with each other. Mourn had said that this opportunity for the Guild would not work without my apprentice, and they were fully behind making the attempt.

I was very lucky that Gavin meant to remain my ally and wanted to continue with me after Manalar, and that he meant it enough to say so aloud to the two Guild members. He could have offered the pale Elf a better deal; he still may be offered a better deal by her. I had to rely on my understanding of him, of his motives and his real desires—and those of his mistress, who Krithannia did not know about—to hope that the Guild would not simply recruit him entirely and remove his advantage from my own missions.

I'd been irritated and impolite, to say the least, when Mourn had come afterward to invite me to this midnight gathering with some Human family. My head hurt fiercely, I ached for sensual companionship after both the aborted reunion with the wizard and seeing Auslan himself bound in such a way. And I still felt deeply dismayed at what the half-Dragon had asked of me for his help in recovering Jael...to tell him about my City, to take him to my City.

I'd asked him, the day after defeating the chaos cult, whether there were any females who had a claim on him. He had said no. But a pale Elf handler and hardline negotiator, about his same age of four or five centuries? They were long-time allies from what I could tell, and her being the "only" Noldor to even dare to get to know him as half-Baenar...oh, I thought that was a pretty damned big claim.

Mourn would say that he had not lied to me, because I had been asking about his mates specifically, not his business partners. Implying that, if he wasn't lying, then he did not consider her a mate. Not right now, anyway; no comment on whether they had been previously. Nonetheless, it had been a very unpleasant surprise. My previous thoughts on what I knew of him and what influence I might be having on him through any shared heritage...well, that had been shattered. 

I had to start over, and I'd been very grumpy realizing this, seeing him again so soon, with a throbbing brain and hearing him ask if I was angry with him...? Damn straight, I was! At least I hadn't also been hungry; that would have made it worse.

Honestly, I knew I would feel much better—more clear-headed with a better sense of humor—after a good, energetic, exhausting fuck. That was the one thing I had not been able to find in the wilderness or from any of my contacts in travel. Not without a heavy price, of which both Brom and the demanding, weighty Soul Drinker on my belt was proof enough.

So I had asked the mercenary-assassin about Yungian pleasure servants, and he'd said it was possible. I rather hoped that it would be offered. I'd take a young Human or two with some stamina over nobody right now; I'd just have to ignore the actual, tiny age and focus on the body's maturity. Different race, and all that. I would not be abusing a child. Humans matured fast...although some of my own kind might consider the age proof enough that it was more like fucking a beast than a worthwhile race.

I didn't care. Cris-ri-phon and Kurn were both not only quite sentient, but examples that, as males, they functioned perfectly well for what I sought. They were just *expensive* Surface fucks, with unpleasant aftermaths. 

As would be Mourn, if I tried, assuming I could even get him to drop his guard long enough. At this point, I knew that I couldn't. Really, I needed a less ambitious male; one that was accustomed to service to others. Preferably with less life experience. Just let me take care of things, let me do the work, let me do what I want.

The half-blood tapped on my door a bit earlier than the "hour before midnight," but I was up and finishing sorting and cleaning any gear, so I didn't mind not having to find busy work or pace in boredom any longer.

"You are ready?" he asked in Drow as I approached the door.

I listened a moment, satisfied that he was alone, and peeked out a crack. He was wearing his complete harness and had the two sliders and Rithal's axe crossed on his pack.

"Almost."

He nodded. "Meet me at the grey mage's door, then."

"I thought the invitation did not include him."

"It does not. However, I want to show you both something before we go."

"Another surprise?" I did not sound pleased.

Mourn half-smiled. "The Deathwalker will like it. You may find it interesting, more so than the watercolors in here."

"The what?"

"The images on the wall. Watercolors."

I looked back at one of the images of a long-necked, long-legged, ghost-white bird standing on the edge of a wide pond at Sunrise. "They seem to favor diluted color."

"Exactly. Diluted with water."

And every image all seemed to contain bodies of water... 

I quirked a brow. "Water is a big artistic motif here?"

"Augran is on the Great Lake. The Yungians cross it regularly."

"Ah. Of course. Give me a moment."

I finished collecting all my things—I would not be leaving any of it behind—and soon left the room. Sure enough, Mourn was standing at the doorway persuading Gavin to gather up his things and come with us as well. We would probably have to wait a bit longer for him to do so; he hadn't been preparing to leave again this night as I had been. I hoped that he had at least gotten a nap; he normally looked so ragged, however, that I could not tell just from looking at him.

Gavin sighed deeply when he saw me fully kitted out. "Very well."

He shut to door firmly, and I soon heard rustling.

Mourn and I were content to stand in silence in the hallway for that little while; I was mildly curious whether he would break the silence, but he never did. Either graciously or because he had already done it so many times, Gavin was ready fairly soon, his heavy pack, including Kurn's sword, on his back. He had one of his mare's saddle bags in each hand, and the one on the left still contained Gaelan's dirty dagger wrapped in cloth. His boots, like mine, were tied together and slung over one shoulder. 

Despite his gaunt frame, Gavin did not seem to be having much trouble carrying it all. I still hadn't asked him if he was that much stronger than he had been before the attack at the inn, but just watching him here and there, I would have to say that, yes, he was. Had he the skill and reflexes to go with it, Gavin could come close now to matching Kurn in the damage done to someone's jaw when swinging a fist.

I glanced at Mourn with a questioning look, and he said in Drow, "I told him there would be a safe place for all that. We aren't going far."

Well. Alright, then.

"Where are we going?" Gavin asked.

"Out to the stable, we'll check on the night-mare," Mourn answered, flicking his tongue out very briefly, and I looked around to see what he might have smelled. I didn't see anything.

Slipping back down to the near empty kitchen, I saw two bodies sleeping near to the coals, either for heat or to keep them alive; we managed to don our boots and leave without waking them. Even Gavin had practice moving about a place to draw minimal noise and attention; he also did not seem to need the light, and I wondered if he had muttered his new words while inside the room?

We paused before crossing the ally to the stable, making sure there were not obvious Humans skulking about to note our passage, and upon entering the stable, one of the boys we had seen earlier did stir and opened his eyes. I watched Mourn crouch to smoothly touch his palm to the boy's forehead.

"Shh," he hushed through his teeth, and the boy's eyes rolled backward and he passed out as quickly as he had awoken.

I bet that Gavin and I both probably wanted to comment on that, but there was another boy there sleeping and we did not want to make further noise. Instead, Gavin moved slowly toward the back and his mare, the only whickers or tapping of hooves coming from the other guest horses, and not one sound from the undead one in the back.

Mourn signed, *Stay and meet him.*

Before I had a chance to clarify, he left back out the stable and I glanced out to see him moving toward an under-earth door framed in stone that seemed like it would lead to a room right beneath the kitchen. Storage, perhaps.

Gavin returned before long, stepping quietly, and nodded at me. He was satisfied with how she looked. He looked questioningly for Mourn, and I jerked a thumb out toward the cellar. It was already open, the bar removed, and he had gone down; I was just waiting for another sign.

It came soon enough, just a large, clawed hand poking up and signing a simple, *Come quietly.*

I nodded to Gavin and we made our way over to the cellar, hopefully unobserved. The stairs made some noise, a bit more when Gavin needed to regain balance with his load, but Mourn reached to close the double doors and muttered a Word to get the door to lock itself once again from the outside—or that was my guess when I heard it being barred during the next moment.

All my familiar senses indeed told me I was in a food storage place. It was a bit cooler down here than it was in the household above, and many types of dried, brined, and otherwise preserved foodstuffs lay down here. But more importantly...there was a passage out other than that barred door. I didn't know where it was—every wall and spare spot was taken with jars and barrels and bottles, with dried, hanging haunches and herbs— but it itched at the edges of my senses.

"I must blind you both," Mourn said.

*Oh, goddess, we are about to get killed...*

I stowed that first, paranoid thought—I still believed somehow that Mourn wouldn't kill a pregnant Drow, and I knew he needed Gavin— and glanced at the necromancer.

He said, "Temporarily I would think. Blindfold, then?"

"Yes, temporary. But with Darkness."

"Ah, the globe." Gavin nodded toward me.

The half-breed nodded. So he could do that, too...

"Mm, secret room?" Gavin guessed.

Another nod.

"Alright then."

"Baenar?"

I sighed. "Yes."

With that acceptance, I really didn't remember what happened next. I only knew that I came to with Darkness receding from my eyes, smelling a thick scent that was like a cross between the Tower's wizard libraries and a blacksmith's shop. I was also about ready to topple off my feet. Gavin had already staggered, and the room became quite loud for a moment as he was forced to drop his saddlebags to catch his balance. I went down to one knee, all muscles tense and ready to respond should something jump out at me, planting my hands on a surprisingly soft floor until I felt more steady.

My fingers were pressing into a rather ornate rug; I could see the intricate design, but not any colors. Not until Mourn called a glow to a few lanterns; Gavin and I both winced at the light, but I saw the rug was woven with a brilliant red, yellow, purple, and blue in designs that implied flowers, fire, and water, and was... very lovely.

"Your living space?" Gavin asked, holding his head and still a bit dizzy from the jolt to our senses.

"One of them."

I got to my feet and looked around. The space was large enough—if we were below the safehouse still, then it could easily fit within the footprint of the architecture—and I could smell the age of the parchment of scrolls and books lining two of the walls, with two heavy wooden desks, matching chairs, and one oversized chaise. 

There was a spread of curiously blank wall that was just plain well-crafted stone, yet my fingers twitched as I wanted to start touching that spot, to study how it was made, perhaps by whom. Was it dwarven work? My gut thought it was.

Dwarves in Yong-wen? I had not seen a one of them.

The half-breed turned his head toward a dark corner of the room, and doing so drew my attention to two small, reddish eyes peering out at us from the shadow between two bookshelves. I heard the creature gurgle a displeased rush of air from what had to be a small throat. 

"Graul, ava'yorn," Mourn said in a calm, smooth tone, and the beady eyes shifted to him. "Qe-ifpesp, fevekic."

He motioned his hand forward, and after a moment of consideration, the creature emerged from the shadow and slinked toward him along the ground. It was a reptile, and looked to me to be a tiny, not-quite-dragon; it was a deep black with purplish-undertones like Mourn. It did have wings folded very close to its body, and a long, whip-like tail, scales that did not seem very shiny, and claws on four legs. The neck seemed a bit short for its tail but it still had enough bend; the beast was capable of looking behind without having to turn its body around.

"You created a small, dragonic guard dog?" Gavin asked as Mourn crouched down to lift the creature up.

It seemed pretty happy to be cradled by the big mercenary, purring once then hissing briefly at Gavin, as if it had understood his comment. It struck me that it had moved kind of stiffly across the floor, and had not stretched its wings at all. 

Looking at the eyes, which were reddish kind of like most of the Drow, I could also see a haze that reminded me of the few riding lizards that reached a point where they were too old to be mounts anymore. There was also a tiny bit of growth—course hair, it seemed—sprouting on the chin and the tips of its swiveling ears. The hairs were white and silver.

"I don't think he created it," I mused. "It's old, isn't it?"

The long tail coiled around Mourn's forearm like a snake—or perhaps like Mourn's own tail had coiled about that wild pig—and the tiny beast turned its head to hiss at me next. Finally, the wings moved a little bit.

"For a drake, Graul is ancient," the half-blood acknowledged, rubbing the pad of his forefinger between the little reptile's eyes. It seemed to like it, purring again, and I could see a flap of skin along his throat vibrate.

"What's he doing here?"

"Guarding my hoard."

The surreal look of pride on the little beast's face almost made me double over in laughter. I probably would have if my pack wouldn't have pitched me head over heels.

"Really?" I asked, failing to withhold my chuckle of disbelief.

Mourn smiled, and I would have said that it was a very favoring one. "Graul used to travel with me. Now it hurts his bones, and I have him stay here to watch over this place. The Yungians are more than pleased to have their own 'good luck' dragon protecting the very foundation of their business. Sometimes he finds his way out of here, and they feed him or give him a pillow to sit on and watch them work. I hear the stories when I return. No mouth-blasts from him, yet. He likes being worshipped, I believe."

Mouth-blasts? Gavin and I glanced at each other; we weren't sure whether to believe him, but we maintained our distance just in case.

"Ahm, well, he's cute," I said. "This isn't what you wanted to show Gavin, though."

My apprentice shook his head. "No...I'd think it would be this library where the little beast lives."

"I told you the Guild had many tomes, Deathwalker."

Gavin gave him a look, then another look about him as he stood on the plush carpet. "Implying that you are prepared to have me simply sift through them?"

"If you like. There will be time. Krithannia is gathering further information for our mission, and I am obligated to present Sirana to one of my contacts this night. You could stay in the room up above, if you wish, or you could read down here."

"Can I get out without you being present?" Gavin asked reasonably, although he was eyeballing the texts with growing curiosity, now that the drake's eyes were nearly closed as it dozed in Mourn's arms. 

"You can, through that wall," Mourn indicated the plain stone. "It will take you outside. But you would not be able to get back inside; you would have to be certain it was time to leave. 

"Well then, what of food, water, and life's other annoying interruptions?"

I smiled at that. Like sleep and voiding waste, no doubt. I remembered him saying that he might consider ways in which he would not be required to sleep, or eat...and by extension, shit.
