 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

Hello! I have returned with the next chapter at last, and after six weeks this one represents a great deal more effort and determination to complete as the majority was written using dictation. The proof is here: I can continue with the story, despite my arms at times feeling like they want to fall off. ;)

On the content of this chapter, it reminds me quite a bit of chapter 6, mostly building up toward a good payoff. I feel like I am beginning a new cycle.

Also, this might be a few days late but happy birthday, Herr Wals! I sincerely hope everyone enjoys the new chapter. :) 

*****

"What the fuck is that?" Jael asked aloud, and everyone stopped where they were as we descended the hillside, intending to go back underground before Sunlight hit us.

Krithannia peered in the direction indicated through the trees. There was a clearing at the base and to the South, and whatever it was had come straight out of the trees into full view, loping not as though looking for food or shelter, and not as if it was being chased. It looked familiar to me.

"It moves like a horse."

"Isn't it?"

The Noldor shook her head, and Mourn picked up the thought.

"Deathwalker's mare."

I smiled widely, looking at Gavin. "We left her in the dirt outside Manalar."

"She has been traveling for some time," he replied blandly, moving out in front of us as if to go meet her. Something he said or did caused a prickle at the back of my neck and, on cue, the mare turned straight toward us.

"Is it comin' inside?" Talov asked the other two. "Might have to, or 'tis a plain sign right where our hideout be located, but I'm guessin' the other horses'll dislike that one as much as they don't tolerate the mage himself."

Tamuril wasn't going to be happy, either. And Isboern...

The undead mare approached quickly and I could see ribs sticking out, rents in the hide from passing branches and other things, and the flesh at the mouth was in full retreat, showing warped, sharpened teeth no longer suitable for chomping grass but for eating carrion. The skin was so thin and dry around the nose she looked whitely skeletal, though the rest of her coat seemed darker than I remembered. The eyes were still clear, deep black wells, but she did not look aware of the physical details around her—it was more when those ears turned and the head moved, she sensed only the basics: something moving and breathing, or she smelled something dead to eat, and she knew her master's aura. I would wager that was about the extent of it.

"Do you have any extra meat to spare?" I asked the Guild Leaders. "Or could someone hunt for a carcass? She'll eat anything already dead."

"Why should we feed it?" Talov asked with a cranky tone.

"Because then you could leave her outside. The better fed she is, the less of an appearance of decay she has." I indicated with my hand. "She hasn't eaten since we left her, so she looks like this."

The greybeard quirked a brow at me and looked at Gavin. "That so?"

The grey mage smirked a bit. "Sirana took it upon herself to feed my mount rats aboard the ship, as I recall. The sailors could not tell she was undead but thought her just an abnormally quiet horse." 

As he raised a pale, long-fingered hand, his mount came to a full stop, neither twitching an ear or stamping a hoof as any living horse would do. It was unsettling how still she was all of a sudden. I realized she wasn't breathing; no puffing of air through wide nostrils to which I'd become accustomed from the beasts. Gavin walked around her once, checking her over before looking to his dirty packs still strapped to her hindquarters and containing his travel gear.

The dwarf grunted, making eye contact with Krithannia and Mourn. "We get enough meat, we can leave her out here and she won't be a giant, undead signal?"

Mourn nodded. "She is no hunter herself, however. Still a beast of burden and a forager."

"I'd rather not give her our supplies," Krithannia said. "Sirana said it could be anything."

Ideally, a recently-dead deer which had expired on its own in the forest from a broken a leg. But while I was wishing for that, I wouldn't mind some of that spiced hash Gavin had made in the kitchen back at the Tower, too. That would hit the spot.

"I will hunt something," Mourn said.

"We need you to plan," Krithannia protested. "Let one of the men do it."

"It may take all morning and longer to drag it back alone, or we let more men out to help him, which would delay planning anyway. Meanwhile, the mare is a liability on the secrecy of this place. Wait for me here and keep watch, I will not be long."

I'd been watching his tail more than his face while he said this. I would have said the hybrid relished this opportunity to hunt, and he'd probably take some of the catch for himself. The other two agreed and Mourn shifted into his four-legged form just before he sprang away, streaking down the hill and across the clearing into the tree line at the other side, where game was more likely to be.

He could barely wait. But then...he hadn't eaten after fucking both Jael and me. Every male I ever remembered was hungry after mating with multiple females, regardless of his status; the halfbreed needed to replenish his energy.

That thought lingered as I looked at Jael and her expression.

"What's wrong?" I asked, aloud but quiet in our native tongue, which drew the others' attention but I still had to figure they understood less of our language than they did our hands.

Jael hesitated, glancing at Gavin, Talov, then Krithannia, but then she smirked a little as she looked back at me. "Feels like my guts have been rearranged."

"Well." I began to smile. Just a tease. "They were."

Jael made no sound, but goddess, I loved that expression.

Krithannia politely covered her mouth, and Talov's deep rumble sounded and his belly shook. Gavin stared at nothing as his hands worked on a few larger burrs caught in the mare's mane without seeming to feel their spines.

"Since we're out here fer maybe an hour," the dwarf said to me, "we can cut time on some of the planning."

I raised a brow. "How, exactly?"

"Well, are ye going on this hit?"

I stared coldly at him, the slow spread of insult rising like hot acid from my gut up to my chest. "Am I going?"

"Ye don't have to," Talov said. "If ye'd rather not risk an unnecessary fight that ain't in yer agreement, somethin' might get in the way of going where ye need to, Mourn might be glad to have ye wait here for him till we're done."

In that split moment I stared at him speechless, I hated that he had a point.

"You're testing me," I hissed.

"No, I ain't. Ye got Jael back. Ye helped Gavin tear down the place as ye'd been planning fer months. Now yer done. Why go?"

I didn't have an immediate answer. The Guildmaster moved closer, to where he was within striking distance, if I so desired. He just looked up at me with pale green eyes like solid jade.

"The Draegloth could still be hanging around the place, Sirana, and you got your wee one. If yer not ready to take the risk, just say so, ye can stay here. Ye'd be a help, but yer not critical to this clean-up. I wantcha to give it thought right now, before we bring in our guys, the Captain, or any Templars."

Jael ground her teeth—I heard it—but didn't jump in on my behalf. I hadn't expected to feel that bitterness again so soon, but...the Guild had to move, and both Guildmaster and Guildmistress before me had commented that I'd been lucky I hadn't cost any of theirs their lives last time.

"And if I say I'm going, whether you like it or not?" I asked.

Talov shrugged. "Don't matter if I like it. Ye can check with yer bodyguard, see if he likes it, but 'tis up to you to convince him if he doesn't."

"So what?" I retorted, my voice pitching higher in my anger. "You're suggesting I avoid a risk of confrontation now after telling me I had to confront it? Make up your fucking mind!"

Talov grinned. "Don't have to. That's yer job, kid."

Gavin turned from his mare then, and I was just short of being too livid to notice that he had something to say. My heart pounded hard as my blood rushed with the urge to punch the dwarf, but I forced myself to ask, "What is it?"

Gavin's expression was quite neutral. "One of the Ma'ab relics can attract demons when it is used. If you wanted to confirm if the Draegloth was still in the area, perhaps confront him again, you might do so without being unprepared."

Or stalked.

"Which one?" I murmured.

"The scepter." 

Gavin's pale hand stroked once down his mare's dark neck. I finally realized in the strengthening early light two things: my mage had a new robe to replace his old one, and his mare was turning from brown to black...

"I have had time to study it," he continued. "Interwoven into all the enchantments is a hidden one. The staff can summon and control a demon, among other things, but any time it is used this hidden enchantment causes a ripple to gain the attention of any others in proximity. Dangerous if one does not know of the curse, but something that could also be used to bait a demon in."

Hearing Gavin's voice and that he was trying to offer a solution calmed me; he wasn't going to argue that I should just sit here and wait for him. I breathed deeper once and considered. 

Kurn had wanted that scepter most when it was first mentioned at Sarilis's Tower, and that was after taunting me that he had a way to "summon and control" me when he still believed I was from the Abyss. Not only would reclaiming it for the Ma'ab be an effort to impress his father, but so would straight-up using it in that battle, had he lived long enough to see it. I would lean toward Kurn not having known about the curse in advance, though; it had been buried in the enemy crypt for several times Kurn's lifetime.

"What about the crown?" I asked.

"Nope," Talov grunted, shaking his head. "We're talking about you goin' or not, Sirana. Don't get sidetracked."

I glared, and Jael spoke up.

"I don't need to go back, either," she said in that careless manner of someone who probably cared more than she was saying. "Might be bored waiting here, but I don't give two fucks about Manalar. I'm staying with you, here or there."

She looked as if she challenged Talov or Krithannia to say otherwise, but they both nodded.

"Meanwhile, staying here, we get softer, our reflexes slower," I said, "and I'm left to wonder."

Nobody seemed confused about the unsaid: to wonder whether Vesram was still there, whether the Ma'ab had recaptured him, whether he'd escaped or whether I could even handle an eye-lock again with that blank, yellow stare.

"It could go bad anyway, with or without the demon," Krithannia said with that same level-headedness she had leading Vim. "The Hellhounds are not likely to win in the end, but they could take many of us with them on the way down. We all made it out the first time partly because no one anticipated us. Now they anticipate exactly what we plan to do, and they have a better idea of our specific resources. Would simply 'knowing' be worth the same risks of capture, torture, and death that was there as when you decided to rescue Jael?"

My Sister tensed up, likely assuming Krithannia was trying to talk me out of going. Watching her elegant, pale face, however, I knew the Noldor was simply stating the highest price for me to consider. What would make it worth having to pay it?

I had nothing but sheer stubbornness not to be left out again, to insist on seeing where the face of the Surface would turn next—which shouldn't matter, given where I was going. Not unless Nyx or Soul Drinker wanted yet more from me.

Shit.

"You're going?" I asked Gavin, and he nodded.

"I communed with my mistress," he said. "I am to bear witness to what the Godblood does next. I may even assist him if Musanlo's bearer practices what he preached to us just last night."

"And she didn't mention me."

Gavin shook his head. "Nyx holds only one mark on you, and that is our very first agreement."

"But you no longer need me to guard you. You are far less vulnerable than me."

"True. It may even be in My Lady's best interest for you to stay until you can help me later."

So the necromancer was, as often the case, entirely neutral on the topic. I paused for a moment as a weird feeling crept up my spine. "What would happen if I die before I can fulfill my agreement with her and you?"

Talov and Krithannia both turned their heads to Gavin then, equally interested in the answer. Gavin noticed but merely stood with his hand on the nightmare's neck.

"Likely nothing," he said, which surprised me. "You already know she has no dominion over Elven souls, and details of our bargain concern actions you can only make while among the living. Death would void your obligation."

But it wouldn't be worth it. No one felt the need to point that out.

I closed my eyes to relieve some of the growing ache, and a few wisps of thought, small hints of things I hadn't thought about in a long time drifted by. I tried to catch them, but it was like catching smoke and even Jael shifting her weight distracted me. I had rarely felt the need to sit alone before as much as I did in that moment.

"I need to think about this," I said.

The dwarf and the Noldor both nodded silently, and I knew it was in approval.

"We'll wait," Krithannia said softly.

"Only until Mourn comes back," Talov added.

I sighed, looking to my Sister. "Will you wait here as well?"

She looked as surprised as I probably had been when Gavin and Mourn both asked me to leave so they could make a secret bargain.

"I won't be long," was all I could add before I stepped away. It was true; I had to make a decision before the Sun rose much farther in the Sky. I just wanted to be out of sight for a while.

I noticed my gaze becoming unfocused when I didn't remember more than the sound of brush and branch slipping past and the smell of cool morning dew; I had noted no colors or specific movements of insect or bird or rodent. I just needed to sit down and close my eyes...

Climbing across the west side of this high hill, I found a place I could settle down beneath a slight overhang with stone at my back and to my left—the direction of the others —and it seemed to take no effort to get comfortable...or at least so that I did not feel the ground anymore.

I stared out into trees and fragmented Sky as the morning slowly became brighter, but I could not have said if the stag or boar Mourn might be hunting had crossed right in front of me. I meant to close my eyes so they didn't ache. Maybe I did...

*****

Kerser'yn'-goet. That wasn't his name. It was Kerser'yn'czael. I could still tell the difference in how one sound pulled at me while the other did not.

So Vesramae'shi-goet wasn't his planar name. It just wasn't. I did not know his name, not as I knew Ta'suil's. Thank Goddess for that.

Goet. What was that? A collective? I concentrated harder on the sound.

It was an Abyssal word, as Wilsira had known, but translated for our home. Approximate, just as the moments of will I heard as "thoughts" when linked were not really words, but something more essential. Basic.

Goet. It brought to mind the chamber where I'd once been surrounded by three Draegloth I did not know. Wilsirathon first stood in front of me, then behind; she tested my calm, and I'd allowed the beasts to sniff and fondle me in a game of nerves I was willing to see to a sticky end if necessary.

They hissed and whispered to each other as the Priestess first dangled then yanked away the tasty female right beneath their sensitive noses. They all agreed the Priestess should have let them have me, though the order and rank within the room might have been worked out only in the moment. They were all Goet, after all.

A Brotherhood? Like I once had a Sisterhood, all living in the same Cloister. But even brothers couldn't know of each other those true names, especially how they would abuse it with one another. They did not trust any more than the next Drow in the City. That name was reserved only for Mother. She whom he knew best.

Kill the Mother-slayer.

Fear and satisfaction spread through me. Yes. Vo'Traj had deserved it.

What would happen if we met again, Vesram and me? If Gavin or someone used the scepter to try to draw him out of hiding? He had wanted to go home...or at least he had wanted to leave the Ma'ab. Return to the Underdark. He wanted me to take him home.

Tension shuddered through me. No. I was not a Priestess to have a Draegloth following at my heel. I owed him nothing, I was not his Mother and he would be a danger to my true son. Draegloth would kill Drow children if given a moment of chance.

There were others, so many others, I would much rather have at my side as well. If I must have that obligation to take care of a male long-term, let it be my choice who, not because there was no one else left to be held to task. Someone was always responsible for the demons in our world, but I hadn't brought any of them here.

Had it been my choice already, though, to the point where Vesram would be confused and angry at my refusal, my rejection? Had it been the shard of Kerse still jammed inside my head that made me hear him? Were they the same, or could I claim I hadn't any knowledge of what I was doing? One might ask in that case... how had Vesram known? How had he recognized me, spoken to me with such familiarity? I was not in any form he should have ever known. I had not been born in this form when he and his mother were taken by the Ma'ab. I was not Kerse.

But it could only have been me. My doing. I had reached out, had recognized him. And I had let him go free, as Kerse had once tried to be free. A creature that had never been wholly separate before, who believed he wanted to be free. If Vesram had slipped the grasp of the Ma'ab attack somehow...what did he think of that first night alone?

I shook my head and groaned.

I couldn't do this. I didn't feel the hate that I should. If he wanted to latch onto me, if he desired me in any way, reaching out with needy claws hooking me while I couldn't move, then for the sake of my son and my Sisters... for the sake of Ta'suil and Shyntre...I had to kill the Draegloth.

Why had I stopped them from doing just that in the crypt?

My chest hurt; I needed to draw a deep breath to make it stop.

I recalled standing in that place after Gavin had placed Vo'Traj's body down, having ripped her heart from her chest, and watching Mourn loot from the dead and Jael helping him. I hadn't been playing close attention to what he was doing.

Now I saw again, in near-hyper clarity, what I'd watched the hybrid take from the crypt and Jael helping him, as I'd stood numbed to the world: all manner of jewelry, a chalice, holy symbols forged of precious metals...and weapons. A ceremonial dagger of ruby and diamond. A curved short sword, and then a double-blade which had given Mourn pause. I could see why, now that I had the will to concentrate on it.

Though smaller-sized for Humans, the weapon was not dissimilar to his own sliders, though I doubted it moved the same way; the grip in the middle would be fused in place. Mourn's tongue had flicked out to taste the air around the blades, no doubt memorizing its scent right then and there. Jael peered at some of the marks in the blade but soon Mourn had wrapped it tightly in the same scraps of cloth in which he'd found it, and he began to bind up his bundle tight to minimize the noise before placing it on his back. Had it not come with the sheath?
