 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

The Second Act.

*****

Chapter 16

We picked the largest set of ornate double-doors on the right, which could not but lead us deeper into the temple. The carpeting was still plush and red, unsoiled by Hellhound's bloody boot prints and telling us that however he had come in, the Hellhound had not come from the temple center.

Though he was going to follow us this way. And soon.

Three very short sets of marble stairs with smaller, dead-end wings and consecutively smaller rooms eventually led us down another proper level and much closer to the noise of the crowd, though such a design could not be for anything but rank and decoration. It was hardly practical to have a floor of Bishops' quarters divided into thirds. I recalled the Wizard's Tower back home, wondering momentarily why it was designed the way it was. I had to shrug.

*Only mages,* I thought.

The rooms all seemed empty, however, and wards were avoidable because they were so inconsistent. I thought it was a good sign that the clergy of Manalar had probably underestimated something fairly important about this attack. They had known this was coming; they had had plenty of time to prepare, and yet the obstacles were not anywhere near what they would be in the Valsharess's Palace. Maybe this was an example of the short-life experience of the Humans in practice.

How long had it been since the Ma'ab and the Manalara had last fought in a large battle with high losses, something beyond skirmishes along the borders of the Kurgan lands? Where had it been set? Considering Gavin thought the necromantic relics were forgotten in their crypts, had they last clashed before the Guild became a problem and altered their way of rule? Had they met at all within the last century, after the Ma'ab had gotten hold of a Drow Priestess and her Draegloth? 

Krithannia would probably know the answers to all but that last one...although she and Mourn could easily be keeping that to themselves.

It still seemed to me as we moved that the Ma'ab were far better prepared, especially being the aggressors. Had the mage-priests had grown complacent? Were they working with outdated information of their foes' newest source of magical knowledge from the Underdark or the Abyss? Unless Manalar had also discovered a new source of power for themselves in the last century, they had no chance.

Given how they suppressed and killed half their magical potential and imprisoned and constricted the rest in dogmatic isolation—meanwhile training and supporting Men like the Witch Hunters to operate and destroy oddities outside the city—I did not see how they could have discovered anything new. They were stagnating. We might as well open the rift to the Greylands; the entire city was already dead.

I smacked Mourn's shoulder when we reached another door and took the time to stop, listen, and test before opening it. *How long before that Hellhound follows us?*

Mourn was holding one slider and had to sign one-handed. *Soon. Expect more than one. Pool spoiled, truce ends, we will be targets.*

Truce?

I blinked, recalling Kurn's ruby and Castis's ear on Talov's desk the first time I'd met the greybeard. *The dwarf's doing.*

The half-blood smiled. *Ma'ab paid well.*

For a task which we were going to do anyway. 

I glanced back; quite a few of the Guild were smirking while reading this. It was probably where Talov had collected most of their pay for this mission.

*They agreed to keep Hellhounds off our back until then?*

*Yes. But only until then. Be ready.*

I moved back, next to a silently observing Jael, as Mourn and Peng Lok worked the door, signing what they heard and could expect to meet. Right now nothing was close; we had just a bit of time to collect ourselves. When I looked at Gavin, who had now covered his head with his hood, I frowned.

*He will come for you,* I signed, more simply since the grey mage was a beginner. *He knows.*

Gavin nodded, his long, bony fingers as brief and abrupt as his voice could be. *I know.*

His undead Witch Hunter servant shifted slightly in the back of the group, drawing my eyes very briefly before I thought of a question to ask.

*From distance?*

Mourn answered that one, *Have magical defense, plague close up.*

No one liked to read this.

*Silver?* I signed.

Gavin shook his head. *Not anymore. Of this world.*

*Evade until the rift is open,* Mourn signed. *Lead Hellhounds toward Temple Guardians.*

*Temple Guardians look like...?*

*Gold armor. Obvious.*

*That's the best you can do?* Jael broke in, her aura almost vibrating with tension.

*Entire plan,* he responded calmly. *Open rift, escape.*

Jael's eyes were wide and she looked to me for answers.

I shrugged. *Ma'ab loathe Greyland creatures. Let them fight each other.*

She wasn't convinced. *And how will we defend ourselves against...'grey-land' creatures?*

Gavin held up one finger, drawing her attention, and he pulled one of his tight-bound bundles from his back, unrolling it quickly and gesturing to Deshi to give something to his brothers. The Yungian withdrew two tarnished daggers from his belt and handed one each in their sheaths to Peng Lok and Nianzu. They accepted but were baffled.

Mourn, Jael, and I had been focused on the ward on the Priest's door at the time—and her likening his disguise to a giant gnome—but I realized that Deshi had had plenty of time to gather the customary silver daggers from the three dead Witch Hunters, if he'd been given the hint. He had been, but not to Mourn's knowledge.

Gavin had certainly waited to the last moment to show what he carried.

*From the inn,* I signed, glancing as the Yungians kept ears out for anyone coming upon us. *Nine Witch Hunters.*

The necromancer smiled to show his black teeth—odd that I had kind of missed seeing them in his disguise before— and he stood back with a spread of his hand for each of us to take one of the nine presented. Mourn took two, and Gavin even accepted the lone remainder once each Guild member, me, and Jael were all armed with silver.

*Spirit-bodies, no extra harm,* Gavin signed. *Pure creatures this metal harms more.*

Not as eloquent as he was in verbal speech, but we got the point. We'd just be stabbing possessed bodies with a dagger, but a true denizen of the Greylands could be killed with silver.

Hellhounds meeting the Guardians meeting the Greylands. It could be fun to watch if we got out of the way... I wasn't the only one to double-check for my bone charm.

*Hoods up,* Mourn signed, *Sirana, Wolf, go first. No pearl near mages. Locate Captain, warn of Bishop treachery. Message back. Lung and Reprisal spread out, Jael and Deathwalker remain with me.*

Jael stiffened. *Why her?*

*Tested illusion,* he answered. *Captain and Pale Elf will believe her.*

I reinforced the sign for her to stay with Mourn, and when Brian came forward, I wrapped my arm through his and signed, *Mated, if met.* 

The young Man blinked, but immediately nodded his understanding. I didn't know the Guild sign for "married," so it had to do.

Slipping through the door and closing it behind us almost felt like cutting adrift from the shore. The noise rose sharply, but there was at least a short passage to approach the upper-level balcony of the enormous chamber. We remained close to the wall and crouched lower, staying out of sight to see what we could. We had an excellent view of the people and layout below.

What I'd thought had been the sounds of something big happening right now proved to be just the sounds of many Humans crammed into one spot. The tension there, but the trigger was not. So we still had some time.

From long habit in the Valsharess's City, I focused on the altar first and swept my eyes and senses back into the congregation. The pool itself was encircled with a fence made of golden-tipped spears, the height too tall and smooth for a heavy Man to be able to scale without risking impalement somewhere. No doubt they were warded as well, though I could be quite glad the poles were not made of silver.

The water in the center was unbelievably clear, its surface moving gently, peacefully. I could make out the circular, white-washed vessel, circled with cream-colored tiles carved with blue runes. The depth went down more than my body height before my angle, coupled with the smokeless torchlight of the inner chamber, simply was not enough to let me see the bottom. 

There was, however, the stained-glass dome in the ceiling directly above it, and when the Sun reached the height of its climb most days of the year, some part of colored Sunlight would touch that pure liquid. There was no doubt a good reason why Mourn and Krithannia had not suggested coming in through that skylight. I could see the dawn strengthening, however, and imagined the Sky turning blue through the Sunburst and bird wing designs in the glass.

Positioned evenly around the golden fence about two paces apart were nine large, male guards who could only be the Temple Guardians. Their armor shone brightly golden, and each stood at attention with a halberd capable of keeping anyone approaching the pool more than a body's length away. If any of these Humans possessed magical weapons, it would be these Men. They would be outfitted with the best.

There was another fence, this one made of wrought iron, drawing a firm but decorative boundary between the guarded altar and its people, stretching the width of the chamber and keeping the congregation well buffered from the pool. This was also where the balcony stopped and the pool-end of the chamber had no access from above except for that skylight. I had expected an altar to be more elevated, but it only rose up three small steps from the floor. Those faithful standing at the back would likely not be able to see anything of note.

Then I noticed the reflective surfaces between the pool and the Skylight—squares of highly polished metal bolted to the stone walls. Studying the angles a moment, I deduced that someone farther back in this chamber, even at ground level, would be able to see the glittering pool and any standing around it. It was also a way for those standing by the pool to be able to see what was going on at the back of the chamber. Interesting.

The mirrors hadn't been mentioned in the briefing, though everything else matched the designs of the layout I had seen before. Were they new?

My eyes took in quick details of no less than eight hundred people, possibly more, all standing room as any seating benches had been shoved to the side and stacked or taken elsewhere. They were of all ages, and clustered mostly in family groups if I had to take a guess. The same enormous double doors I'd approached in the dark from the outside were now partly open as more Humans were coming in, a sliver of Sunlight telling me it was a direct exit. 

A good thing for the hungry dead.

The females inside the temple were easy to pick out because they had their heads covered with scarves and hoods, and some of them covered in drapery that only revealed their eyes. It was the wholly-covered Women who were being targeted by Witch Hunters as they searched the crowds for hidden threats among the congregation.

One young female and her mate both reacted as if the Witch Hunter had stripped her completely naked in public when he wrenched the material down to expose her blonde hair and pale face. They were mortified and completely distracted by this one thing; I doubted they could think of anything else. 

The Witch Hunter threatened them both, getting too close, breathing in their faces, and they made holy signs and probably recited prayers, and the Witch Hunter moved on searching for witches. The female buried her face in the male's chest, covering her hair with her hands and looking very distressed. She could not focus on anything around her and I noted her lips constantly moving in a repetitive fashion. Praying.

I thought it was pathetic. As much as my instincts always warned me to keep an eye on the females, in this place it was the males I had to watch most. They were the ones with the swords and daggers, with the will—and permission—to use them. The Women were no more dangerous than Consorts in a fight.

Regardless of how much the females were covered, the clothing of the males was of better quality than all the travelers I'd seen on the streets. I had to assume the Bishops had allowed only the wealthier congregation to enter this place. Unfortunately Brian looked entirely average, like a common Man or a servant, even as I could pass for a Lady.

*Not mated, bodyguard,* I retracted, and Wolf was intelligent enough to see why as he agreed immediately.

I did not see Captain Isboern or Tamuril yet, but we could not remain here for much longer. There were other Temple Guardians than just those surrounding the pool, and we would be coming from a forbidden direction if we were seen too soon.

Looking around the corner and down the path of the long balcony lining the chamber, it was still carpeted for just a few steps before it went to polished stone tile. We were lucky that a few of the Nobles had made their way up—the ones who particularly disliked crowds, perhaps, or the ones to take advantage of the limited seating. There was one Guardian with his back turned to us, speaking to one of them with a strong opinion about something.

*Now. Blend in.*

Hoods up, we slipped out in the direction of the others upon the balcony. We stayed nearer the wall—why give more people than necessary the chance to notice us from down below?— but we walked normally. Maybe just a little nervous. That was normal.

*Latrine was on second floor,* I signed to Wolf, and he smirked.

We were able to join the collection of anxious Manalara just before the Guardian turned his helmed head with a frown. Brian stood between me and him as I kept my head down, acting demur, and the Guildsman sidled up to the Guardian and said something sheepishly in his native language.

Meanwhile, I noted the sword and dirk beneath his red cloak, and as well as the green stone around his neck, mounted in a heavy brass setting, so large one would hope to make it a tool, not a decoration. He was well armored with only a few weak spots though he would not be fast unless the enchantment of the armor addressed that. I could sense the magic on him only standing so close, even if I couldn't do more than say there was a fair bit of it.

The Guardian, already frowning with the one opinionated Noble, looked more stern as he curtly gave Wolf some kind of direction, for which the Guildsman bowed his head and recited something, almost an apology. Nodding and motioning for me to follow, we started making our way through the clusters of people and toward the stairs leading down.

*Tools are magic, mage he is not,* Wolf signed to me, and I affirmed.

That was good; it would be difficult to find a spot fifty paces from every golden Guardian in the chamber to use the pearl. They were easy to see, and I counted another fifteen of them doing crowd control. Interestingly, their main task seemed to be to calm the wealthy crowd after the passing of a Witch Hunter, all of whom were still looking for insurgents. I could not count the "justices" as easily once we reached the main level, being short as I was and how drab the Hunters were dressed, but I had counted twenty of them from the stairs, most of them in pairs but a few individuals.

Somehow I thought if I asked Brian about the odds of five to one with Reprisal, he would say that he liked them and would ask for more targets.

The scent of Humans was thick, their constant drone of rising and falling voices and close, nervous movements rendering any useful information I may have gotten from senses other than my eyes difficult to pinpoint. I wondered how Mourn would manage? He must be accustomed somehow.

Wolf palmed his pearl, his hand low and close, and we found a spot where he was able to pass on numbers and obstacles to those still standing behind the door. I was jostled a few times though no one reached as if to steal from me, and I made eye contact with a few of those present, mostly young children who did not know any better but also a Woman or two. They were all confused, ignorant, and simple waiting for what would befall them.

Personally, if the Valsharess were to ever call all her Nobles, Priestesses, and Red Sisters into a single, large chamber like so many bleating gaurro, I'd expect something like what was about to happen. One way or another.

So. Where were the Bishops, anyway? They weren't in their quarters, we'd checked; two had been killed by the Hellhound, one by us. That left six. Weren't they nervous, missing their mage-brothers during this time of defense? Where was Captain Isboern? Was he on his way?

The main temple doors opening wide and allowing full daylight to spill in, to make my eyes ache, answered all those questions. A wave of people moving back rippled from the door to the wrought iron fence, and Wolf moved closer as a physical barrier between me and the crab-stepping worshippers.

They cheered to such a decibel that hearing the same among Drow would have convinced me that a public ritual had just made its prize sacrifice, or someone was getting fucked on the altar. Certainly the arrival of the Valsharess Herself did not demand such noise, She did not want it.

"His Holiness!"

"Your Grace!"

"He brings the Sun-touched!"

"We are saved!"

"Have the invaders been vanquished?!"

I felt derision at that last one. Were they kidding? The full brunt of the battle hadn't even been felt.

Standing on my tip-toes like all the other short Women and using the Guildsman's shoulder as balance. I recognized Archbishop by sight—by virtue of my dreams—and he looked exactly the same with his ruddy jowls and fine blue and gold robes. So, too, did Captain Isboern look the same as when I'd last spoken to him. He stood just behind and to the right. If I did not know of the Godblood's true origins, it would not be difficult to think there may be a family relation between the older male and the younger. The Archbishop was taking full advantage of that likeness in front of the Nobles.

The two prime persons of interest were led by two Temple Guardians and the other five Bishops followed regally, all in blue and gold, both younger and older than Keros. Five soldiers I recognized as Templars followed after that. If any of the Bishops were nervous, they weren't showing it—but Isboern and his Templars were very aware of their surroudings, taking nothing for granted.

Hm. No squire. Where was Tamuril?

The people split down the middle, again crushing Wolf and I back against more bodies, creating a path down the center of the chamber. All Guardians, but for the nine around the pool, moved forward to stand in a line between the crowd and the mages with the Godblood. Now I could easily count them; eighteen, plus nine at the pool.

All of our primary targets were in a cluster midway between the door and the pool. If I were a Hellhound waiting for a moment to attack, I would have chosen this one. Of course, now the most powerful magic-users in Manalar were nearly within fifty paces of us. Wolf wisely slipped his pearl into the palm of his glove for now, and we both concentrated harder on suppressing our aura.

The only thing I did not know how to suppress was whatever psionic the Godblood used to detect anomalies in a crowd. I only realized that was what he was doing when it was too late. 

