 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

The Third Act, though mostly the aftershock. Character shifts coming out of this chapter will show themselves more in Chapter 19. Enjoy!

*******

Chapter 17

"Careful, careful, now! Get 'em inside. Quick like."

I made the mistake of trying to open my eyes while lying on my back but a certain cantankerous old dwarf must have saved me from myself. A black cloth had been bound tight around my eyes. I could feel direct Sunlight on my face, could just barely detect it through the cloth, but I wasn't rolling around in agony.

Instead, I rolled over to vomit onto the grass, and Talov laughed.

"Nngh," I moaned in misery; my head felt it was going to burst.

"Come on, lass, that wee jot couldnae been that bad."

"F-fuck," I managed—not really a relevant answer. I was poured out onto the ground not even close to being able to gain my feet. "Where...? What...?"

"C'mon, help ye up."

My spiders barely twitched in my hair, letting me know they were coming aware again, and I repeated in my head desperately: *Ally. Dwarf ally. Let him be.*

Talov's large hand and thick fingers took hold of my upper arm, and he probably could have yanked me to my feet under his own strength if he'd had the notion to do it. He probably decided it wasn't worth risking me hurling actual liquid bile on him directly.

"I'll explain, but we gotta get underground."

I loved the sound of that but, much to my annoyance, I really did need the Guildmaster's help to gain that cool, dark place where I could rest. My limbs felt like overcooked vegetable stalks, my head wouldn't stop spinning. I doubted I could keep anything down even though I was hungry enough to feel sharp, stabbing pains in my side, and the vertigo made it difficult to tell just how many other dwarves there were around me. It seemed like quite a few.

I inhaled slowly as Talov started leading me across the grass, kindly not letting me stumble across shrubs or run into tree trunks. I welcomed the shadows of the trees as it broke the intensity of the Summer Sun. I smelled clean air and rich soil and plants. No hint of smoke, fire, or death. I caught a whiff of a burning hot half-Dragon, and of my Sister. And the Knight Captain.

I wasn't surprised I didn't catch Gavin's scent—his body temperature and lack of normal sweat after the change at the inn meant he didn't tend to produce much body odor anymore, and I didn't even know if he was technically living after being "healed" by the Greyland's energies.

Jael cursed softly, sounding a bit worse off than me in clarity, and I wondered if she had never even been inside a transport circle back home, much less whatever shifting Mourn had done with To'vah. I also had the sneaking suspicion that Mourn had taken us much farther away than could any circle back home.

"Jael?" I said aloud.

She shifted, yelped, and I heard a brief struggle before she went still.

"Jael?!"

"Reached to draw," Talov grunted. "Ye said she'd be dangerous, my boys were ready."

I swallowed. "Ready, how?"

"She's jus' sleepin.' I'm sure she can use it."

Great. She wasn't going to be happy when she woke up, but I couldn't fault the Guild their precautions. Especially after what I said.

"Looks like you an' the grey mage are the only ones awake now," the greybeard continued. "Ye up fer an interview?"

*Not really...*

"Where's Mourn?"

"He's gonna be out fer a while. Every time he pulls this trick, it puts him down. Not a bad aim this time, but he still missed."

Missed?

"Where's Krithannia?" I asked. "Or the other teams?"

"Ain't made it yet, but still in contact. Yer the first back." His heavy, plodding gait changed up when it seemed he looked around at his dwarves. "Good job gettin' the boy out. He's not gonna like us much fer what we done, but he's alive."

Boy...? Oh. The Knight Captain.

I shook my head. "Mourn got us out."

"What the kid was sayin', ye were talkin' sense to him or the Captain wouldnae left by choice."

"It hardly made sense. Even at the time."

I heard a leather-creaking shrug. "He's here. Yer sister's here. I measure tasks first by results. We got results, now I need details. Yer awake and talkin,' so yer talkin' tah me."

I suppressed a groan. I didn't feel any injuries yet though I knew I would; what struck me first after emptying my stomach of what little it had was that it needed to be filled again. The quick flip from hunger to nausea to hunger again sometimes make me head whirl, though this time it was probably the To'vah circle. 

"I need food and water before we talk."

I heard him turn his head toward me again and he lowered his voice significantly. "Still got yer wee one?"

I stilled my hand before it went to my abdomen by reflex. "As far as I know. Is that contingent if I get fed?"

"'Course not, Elf. Jus' curious. Can ye mount up?"

I had to pause and consider that. It seemed any and all reserves I had were depleted; my limbs were still shaking just walking. "If you can keep me falling off the other side."

The Guildmaster chuckled. "Exaggeratin' or just swallowin' yer pride, Elf?"

"The second one."

"I knew I liked you."

Talov assisted me onto a fairly short, round horse—one more comfortable for him to ride, I thought—and made no other comments on my competencies though he probably wanted to. He did give my backside a subtle squeeze, though.

"You could ask, if you like it that much," I mumbled.

"Impulse," he said with a grin. "An' would askin' be that easy? If I were even half a century younger..."

"Don't pretend you're harmless, greybeard." 

A few other short horses whickered, stamping hooves and shifting beneath heavy burdens as the Taiding dwarves tied all those unconscious to a mount to carry them wherever we were doing. I had a difficult time imagining a horse being willing to carry Mourn...even a comatose one. They should be screaming in panic right now, wouldn't they?

"Where's Mourn?" I asked again as Talov mounted the horse behind me and kept me upright just using the reins.

"Don' worry 'bout him. We got him."

"Where's Gavin, then? You said he was awake."

"Already walkin.' The horses wouldn't carry him, either. Reports said they only barely tolerated him before Manalar, then he went an' transformed on ye."

*Again,* I thought to myself. It was shocking when I thought back to the skulking, ugly, but still ordinary mortal Man he'd been at Sarilis's Tower. The old flirt was in for a bit of a surprise. 

Then I wondered what it was about me that made some of the oldest males in this game act so frisky?

"So what do you need me for if you were in constant contact through the pearls?" I asked.

"I'll tell ya once we're safe."

We rode briskly, and I needed to lean over so the short male could see better in front of us, which pressed my rump back against him and he seemed to be enjoying that very much. My joints began to hurt again as I was bounced around on the back of that pony for a fair distance, and I became aware of the throbbing puncture wound from the Witch Hunter's holy symbol. I started to sweat heavily beneath my hood and if my eyes weren't covered I would have been suffering some serious vertigo. Finally multiple dwarves muttered some magic and we turned in the middle of a field to enter some heavy brush and trees. Eventually, we rode partway up a steep hill and the ponies proved their surefootedness.

Abruptly I could smell deep earth and cool underground accompanying a nerve-tingling wave of magic; I had to figure we'd just entered a protected bunker, but I hadn't sensed it coming until I was upon it. We went in pretty deep, it seemed to me, the ponies able to walk in two abreast, and I could smell the healthy soil all around me, as well as some stone and some kind of plaster that seemed newer.

"This is the rendezvous point to the South?" I asked.

"I could say 'twas and ye wouldn't know different, Elf."

I felt suspicion, immediate and familiar. "An odd thing to say."

Talov seemed to shrug again. "Ye made it, an' Mourn brought ye here with him direct, so I'll tell ye the Guild rendezvous was changed after the briefin'. If ye were captured or proved a traitor in action, ye'd be sending enemies in the wrong direction." 

Annoyed as I felt in that first moment, I actually understood this quite well. Gavin and I still weren't Guild. It was smart to protect those who were.

I fell quiet, my head still dizzy at points as Talov kept me steady, though . With the previous point I'd been shown on the map, on horseback over the Surface, it would have taken over a day's hard ride to the South. Anyone escaping on foot had three or four days ahead of them, if they had the stamina and the luck. Mourn had gotten us all to a different place in one spell, but that didn't tell me how far away from Manalar we were, or in what direction.

Of course, Mourn was also in a coma, from the sound of it, so it had to be a fair distance. A last resource the hybrid wouldn't use unless he could trust someone on the other side to come get him and those he'd brought with him.

"How long...?"

"Don' know," Talov said, anticipating my question. "The kid always slept erratic. Burnin' himself out takes time tah come back."

"Not even a guess based on past experience?"

The dwarf shrugged. "A day. A week. I've seen him sleep fer a month before, Elf, remember who his da is."

*As if I could forget.*

Still. A month...? I was going to have to seriously consider what to do next, and when, if it took that long for Mourn to wake up. Gavin and I didn't have to wait, did we?

Well. There was the caveat to our bargain from the inn at Augran, of my giving Mourn the option of extending his "bodyguard" duties to whatever Gavin and I had planned after Manalar. Now it was, indeed, "after Manalar," and Mourn had completed his task successfully.

Now, like with Cris, I had the opportunity to leave and didn't have to depend on him. Also like Cris, the hybrid would probably make the attempt to track me down later if I did.

For a moment it felt like a thin chisel had been jammed into my brain and I winced at the headache, covering the throbbing spot with my hand, and that was when I recalled Gaelan. I'd added the part of the bargain where the Guild would help me recover her as well, and that was a task unfinished. He'd also said she was in a place well-protected where the "Wilder" didn't allow the uninvited to enter, and I had the single advantage of knowing it was truth and he was not playing me for a fool. I just had no idea where she was.

If I truly wanted to find Gaelan, I would be foolish to leave, even if it took a month or more. I still needed Mourn; he'd seen to that when he saw fit to take her North.

Lolth damn it, how did my Elders use so many others in the Underdark without the risk being bound and blocked at every turn? Maybe the answer was: They didn't, and it had just seemed like they weren't beholden to others as they made their bargains and saw the consequences of completing them, or not.

While I was withdrawn and thinking as far forward as I could, Talov helped me off his mount—keeping his hands at my waist this time—and guided me firmly but not too quickly down a tunnel. It was a welcome relief how quickly my underground senses seemed to be coming back with my eyes covered, and I knew the subterranean hallway was wide enough for three dwarves shoulder-to-shoulder, and there were a least three branching halls off to either side before he took me down the fourth and final one to the left. 

This place was big, and made to dwarven specifications, with magic supporting it in subtle, protective ways. My inner Duergar was impressed; it was the first place on the Surface that felt even remotely like home since I was in the underground portion of Sarilis's Tower. Also dwarven-made.

Talov spoke a few times to a few dwarves, in a dialect that—like him when I'd insulted him—I thought sounded familiar but still couldn't understand it. It had a lot of throaty, rolling consonants and round vowels, well-suited to their barrel-like torsos. They did not seem to be discussing me much, if at all, but the Guildmaster was giving instructions.

"Our necromancer has been asking to be left alone," Talov said. "What're yer thoughts, Sirana?"

"On what? Agitating him by refusing?"

The dwarf chuckled. "Threat assessment to us in doing so. Likelihood that he'll try to leave."

I shrugged irritably. "I don't know... He has reasons to stay here. He'll need to commune with his mistress soon and write in his grimoire, and it's protected here. Accommodate him and I think you'll barely know he's here."

Talov considered it then grunted something brief and guttural to his men, who then left promptly. He next led me into a nearby room with a heavy wooden door—one thing that definitely did not remind me of home—and asked, "Ye gonna take off your blind? We've been out of the sun for a while."

"I know that," I snapped. "It's been...uhm."

"Comforting?" 

"Soothing my eyes."

"Same thing. Set yer relic down on the floor somewhere, if ye please. I ain't gonna touch it, but it ain't gonna be on ye while we talk."

Talov walked to one side of the room and I heard glass clinking as he poured something to drink, then stepped so clearly over to a desk, setting down two cups with a blatantly thump that I now knew how large the room was and where to go next. Forward and slightly to the right was a place to sit, and I was willing to bet there was a place to lie down farther back on the left.

He was doing that on purpose.

I walked forward, removing Soul Drinker and gently sliding it along the floor away from me to one side, noting exactly where it was in the room. It made no protest or comment. Next I found the generous, leather chair with only a little bit of searching with my fingertips; the rich, appealing smell was certainly strong enough to guide me. Setting my pack next to it, I nearly disappeared in it when I sat down; the chair was so wide for my frame; definitely designed for dwarves. Or maybe a half-Dragon.

Talov chuckled and pushed the glass toward me. "Ye look so cute and tiny in that thing, Elf."

The only thing to come to mind was another Duergar slur, so I bit my tongue for now and pointed forward. "What's in the glass?"

"Not gonna smell it yerself?"

"If it's spirits or ale, I'm not interested."

He lifted his glass and took a few deep gulps, which made my mouth seem drier. He slurped some moisture from the hair around his mouth. "Mountain water. Mourn mentioned ye hesitate even tah drink the beer in Augran."

Without further delay, I lifted the glass, smelled exactly what he'd claimed, and down the entire glass. It coated and cooled my throat and spread into my empty stomach like an elixir. Oh, Goddess, it was wonderful.

Talov refilled my glass, then pulled open a drawer and I went on full alert.

"Easy," he said, "jus' pullin' out some proper alcohol an' a cloth fer that rip in yer skin. Ye should clean it."

Also a good idea; I gave the damp cloth a sniff after I'd accepted it, detected nothing but dwarven spirits, and tucked it just beneath my bloodied shirt and armor. It stung sharply but it was a welcome sensation, entirely distracting...

"So. Any particular reason ye don't want tah make eye contact while we talk?"

*I don't need to.*

I sighed, finished cleaning my wound, pretty sure I was frowning. I left the cloth in place as padding to protect the raw flesh from rubbing against my sweaty, dirty garments. And because I wasn't giving it back to Talov to keep. Then I drank another half of the glass as I considered a verbal answer. 

Talov didn't wait for it. "Fine by me. So what happened at the very end, Sirana? Mourn's last message was kinda garbled."

My stomach turned cold, even as I still felt the hunger pangs. I didn't let him forget. "You said I could have food, Talov. I need it, now."

"Sure. It's comin'. Ye'll need to start where ye met Vo'Traj. I got everythin' I need up until that point."

I was silent for a moment. "You know who she is?"

"Was." He sounded amused. "We just bought a whole heap o' trouble, there. I been the go-between for the Guild and the Ma'ab fer the last few years, an' she's been part o' the moving army for decades. I ain't bargained with her direct, but I know her name. She worked close with the Hellhounds in dispatch and recon. To protect the Guild, I need tah know what happened in that crypt and why she's dead."

My stomach clenched, gurgled with all that liquid now sloshing in it, and I winced. I tried to think where to start but genuinely couldn't. I needed food.

Talov grunted. "Fine. We'll wait till ye've eaten."

We sat in silence until someone knocked and Talov said, "Inntrig."

I could smell the food immediately; it was hot, moist, savory with herbs. I almost couldn't believe it; I'd been ready to make do with cold trail rations. I clutched the arms of the chair to keep from standing up or reaching for anything while the entering dwarf set down a tray on Talov's big oak desk and moved back. He smelled like onions.

"If ye can bring double fer me, please," Talov said pleasantly.

The dwarf hesitated just a moment but answered in the affirmative and let himself out.

"He'll be back," the Guildmaster continued, pushing a particular bowl toward me and pulling the other toward himself. "Underestimated yer appetite, Sirana, I can guess that right now. Start eating. I promise ye I'm not gonna poison or sedate Mourn's current client before he's closed his deal. I know how he gets when that happens."

He sounded like he was on the verge of laughing, and my habitual caution was promptly crushed under my urgent need to feed. I dug in, barely taking the time to appreciate the tender meat and vegetable stew and dense bread for what it was as I dunked the latter into the broth almost before I'd finished chewing a spoonful of strew, eating with both hands. I didn't say anything as the onion dwarf returned with another large serving to set in front of Talov, but he did pause as if he was amazed at how much I'd already eaten in the time he'd been gone.

Talov waited until his Guildsman had gone before pushing the second bowl toward me, just as I was finishing up the first. He ate slowly from his own bowl, and I knew he was watching me keenly the entire time. I was still glad to have the blindfold on.

We didn't talk at all until I'd finished eating everything offered me, and while I knew I was going to be a little uncomfortable while the food settled, I also knew it wouldn't take long. My body seemed to burn through sustenance almost as soon as it landed sometimes. Talov removed the empty bowls, wooden spoons, and tray from the oak desk entirely, setting it well out of easy reach before returning to his chair.

"I don' know where yer puttin' it, Sirana," he commented, still smiling. "Got a hollow leg?"

"What, your females don't out-eat you when they carry?"

"They do, an' it's arousing as all Hell. But they got a frame twice as heavy as yers, easy."

I shrugged. The panic of my need was finally gone; I not only began to relax but considered whether I could convince Talov to let me nap next. I decided against asking when it came back to me that he just said he was turned on watching pregnant females eat. He'd already squeezed my ass, so I didn't figure my being an Elf put him off much.

I was extremely annoyed that my thoughts drifted briefly to wondering if he was as big around as Kain, though I also wasn't too surprised. Eat, sleep, and sex; those were the basics.
