 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014

The Drama continues! Those of you who have jokingly mentioned having a flow chart or software to keep track of the connections...get ready to rumble! :)

Shyntre wasn't surprised that his erection had beaten him to consciousness yet again. He was, however, surprised to feel it pressed flush against another body, and his arm was draped over that other, his nose hovering above warm, fragrant skin which immediately whetted his appetite to put his waking iron to use again very soon.

If only his bladder didn't feel near to bursting...

The wizard peeled himself from his bedmate's back in silence, replacing the spot with warm blanket before realizing he was going to have to climb over to get off the mattress and relieve himself. He didn't really want to, because the Consort was asleep, resting still and peaceful. For once.

Then Shyntre wondered what it said about his current state of mind that he hadn't until now even thought about how to prepare for his mother returning soon, or that he could not remember ever having woken up next to another sleeping Drow before.

Oh, Lolth, what had they done? What had *he* done? Was it inevitable that She knew of it, or could he hide it?

Shyntre climbed over and off the bed with as much stealth as possible, though he knew that Auslan had been jostled and was waking regardless. He heard the soft sigh and then a yawn. Neither of them spoke, and the Consort could only see his back as he located the basin built into the wall near the tub. Surprisingly similar to what had been in the cells in solitary.

It was going to take some concentration still to let go long enough to—

"Did you dream of her, too?"

"Hm?" the mage grunted, placing his palm flat on the stone in front of him so he could lean on it and try to relax. Come on, just a little more...

"Sirana. The three of us. She was in uniform and we were unclothed—"

"Auslan, if you can," Shyntre interrupted with strained patience, "hold that thought or I'm never going to do this."

The Consort paused, finally seemed to realize his brother was trying to get a turgid member to go down long enough to relieve himself, and chuckled before settling back down to wait patiently. If the wizard hadn't already been watched plenty of times passing urine—out of necessity, and for humiliation—Shyntre might have found it even more difficult feeling Auslan's gaze on his backside. As it was, he managed, and watched as the waste disappeared down a hole after he touched the small rune on the right.

Seemingly inspired, Auslan traded places with him, and had even less trouble relieving himself with another in the room. He even managed somehow to do it with enough grace to make it entertaining to watch, though Shyntre doubted he was aware of it. The wizard supposed that might tell him something particular of Auslan's experiences with the various Noble females over the years...

When the Consort finished and saw something out of place, he began cleaning up, seeming to have forgotten about the dream for the moment. Shyntre thought this was a good idea—better to have the place, and the sheets, clean before D'Shea came back. He stepped up to help speed the task, even managing to get Auslan to wash with him in the tub, getting all the sweat and fluids and scents off them, before the Consort could finally focus on the badly wrinkled bed.

There were spare sheets hanging at the back of the room to trade out for the ones they dumped into the tub, now re-filling with steaming water, and Auslan gave every surface a good rub-down with a cloth, to where the wizard might think that he had essentially erased any evidence of their activities in this room the previous cycle.

"Alright, that's enough," the wizard finally spoke up. "We should talk before she comes back. We are lucky to make it this long."

Shyntre wasn't surprised that he had to pull the cloth out of Auslan's hand to get him to stop cleaning; however the Consort simply picked up a warming stone and began to use it to tug wrinkles out of the damp, hanging sheets.

"Auslan."

"Just a bit more. Keep talking."

"No. Put it down. Look at me." Ironic that Shyntre had first woken up wanting to avoid eye contact.

"I am not done," Auslan said.

"You'll never be done. You can't get perfection."

Shyntre didn't receive a response, and his first impulse was to snatch the warming stone from his hand and pitch it across the room. Taking a deep breath, however, he stayed that first action, and instead picked up a hair brush on the dressing stand and kneeled behind the Consort to start combing with it. 

It was a pity Auslan's hair was still so short from where his mother had chopped it off, especially compared to what it had been. It didn't take long to brush it out, but it served its purpose as Auslan slowed down on using the warming stone, his shoulders relaxing some as he gave a soft hum of appreciation.

"Now me," the wizard said firmly, holding the brush over Auslan's shoulder so it was in line of sight.

The Consort nodded obediently, and Shyntre insisted that they trade—the warming stone for the brush—which Auslan accepted after a pause. Then they switched positions and he spent good time carefully teasing the snarls from the mage's hair, and making the experience somehow very pleasant as well.

"So...another dream?" Shyntre prompted. "Sirana in uniform?"

He heard a distinct smile in his brother's voice. "We were naked, and she was caressing, you know, *us.* At the same time, while we touched her, kissed her. You do not remember?"

Shyntre almost shook his head in the negative, but as soon as his hair tugged, he stilled and answered aloud instead. "No. I'm not sure that I dream much in reverie, Auslan."

"A pity. I enjoy the way you kiss." Auslan kept combing. "Very commanding, powerful, like a female. It would have made my legs give out if I had been standing, I think."

The wizard withheld his sigh of irritation and closed his eyes, counting backwards from ten. "Don't say that. Please."

Auslan slowed. "Do not say what?"

"That I act female."

The Consort paused. "Why not?" 

His question sounded completely innocent.

Shyntre frowned, biting the inside of his cheek for a moment so that he didn't say the first thing that came to mind. Instead, he explained.

"That's how they taunt me, Auslan. The Sisterhood taught me a lot, but never enough to make up for the fact that I was born male. I can do a lot of what they do, even think and act as they do, even if I don't have the body strength or endurance they have. And yet I'll always be excluded, and to dare to use anything that I know outside of the Cloister or the queen's protection, out in society—?"

"I understand." Auslan kept brushing even though Shyntre's hair was well straight and smooth. "They taught you to act more female? Was this before or after the last time you contacted me? You had sounded so—."

"I thought I was going to die," Shyntre said brusquely, then answered his question. "They taught me before that."

"Ah. It opened that trouble with one of the Red Sisters, then. What happened, Shyntre? You only ever told me one of them wouldn't leave you alone and that you had to keep fighting. When we talked again in the garden at House Itlaun last year, that was what you feared would repeat itself with Sirana. Why you wouldn't listen to my advice."

A shiver passed through the wizard, and the brushing mostly stopped, even as the Consort smoothed it out before pressing a hand to his shoulder. Shyntre couldn't make himself lean back against him when he felt the gentle tug; he refused, and Auslan didn't push it.

"It wasn't just some stupid Sister who couldn't take no for an answer," Shyntre murmured. "It was that Wilsira tried to use it to break my will, to depend on her and the Sanctuary for protection after my mother refused to get involved. The Priestess wanted me back at the Sanctuary, obedient at last now that she had something that I feared. Now I think...some of the other higher-ups were arguing whether to hold me at the Tower again, or the Sanctuary, or...send me somewhere else." 

The wizard clutched his fist, a flare in his aura focusing there for a moment. "Any time I was outside the Sanctuary, Wilsira saw to it that I was... somehow,I would always see *that* Red Sister again. Mostly alone, but not always."

Auslan kept caressing his hair, then started braiding it. "Go on. What happened? It finally stopped. You are still here."

Shyntre glanced about the room, paranoid but reminding himself that the Elder who owned these quarters already knew what he'd done. In her position, she must know.

"Wilsira sent me again on an errand to the Wizard's Tower, and guess which Red Sister was the escort?"

"The 'stupid' one," Auslan answered, squeezing his shoulder again. "And something happened where there were no eyes to see...?"

"She raped me again and I burned her." He spoke very low. "Tapped myself out almost completely...she couldn't be healed, she was half disintegrated. After I stopped panicking, I contacted you through the bloodstone—I thought it would be the last time—and I ran back to the Tower. I didn't know where else to go."

"Did Phaelous protect you?"

Shyntre breathed out slowly, trying to lessen the ball of tension in his middle. "...He must have. Or he must have started something."

"Perhaps your Elder mother as well," Auslan said.

"Maybe Elder Rausery," he countered. "Or the queen. Anyway, I stayed in the Tower for a while, and it was odd because...it was just like any trace of that one Red Sister vanished. No one has ever mentioned her to me again, and I didn't dare ask when they didn't come to take me away. It was only a few years later that Elder Rausery pulled me out of the Tower to prepare for the Surface."

The Consort gently explored his bare back, doing his best to comfort. "And you saw the Stars for real, not just in a dream. Did you ever count them?"

Shyntre chuckled, but far too briefly. "No. Too many and Rausery kept me far too busy for that."

"Mm. Too many. It sounds nice." Auslan took some time to formulate his next thought. When he did, his voice was the most soothing the wizard had ever heard. "Well. If last eve was any measure, you have learned far more than they taught you. You can do the same things, and yet also choose not make it hurt." 

He paused, and when Shyntre didn't respond, he added, "Thank you. I liked that you were slow, that you held me, and talked to me like I had a mind of my own. You understood. You convinced me I could enjoy welcoming you...into me." He hesitated. "But only you. I do not want anyone else that way."

Shyntre felt his chest warm and his member stir at the Consort's silken voice. They had the fresh memory together, of Auslan's willingness to try to purge his fear, to replace Thena's brutality with something much gentler. 

There was also a much older memory at the Sanctuary—just mutual, curious exploration, hands and mouth only, yet just as intense as last eve. Possibly more so, in its own way. That had been when he'd first heard the Consort's name, and felt it take firm hold inside of him, where it would never leave as long as he was alive.

The young breeder had not been able to explain what had happened then; he didn't know. Shyntre couldn't even hint to any female why he might be asking about it, especially the Priestesses, especially Wilsirathon. He knew that would be a fatal mistake.  

It wasn't until the Priestess Juliran had coaxed the same name from his healer-brother—thinking herself the first to do so, unable to sense the previous bond—that the Consort had been able to offer them both some kind of explanation.

All of Auslan's differences from the other Consorts, and part of the strength of his inborn magic, came from the one who had first lowered his magical barriers by rite of passion. Their auras had permanently changed, and no Priestess knew what Auslan's mature one had been like before Shyntre. He had simply been as he was.

The two had no way of knowing if they were the only such males still living who had done something like this, or if there had been any others.

If not for that memory, and the lasting consequences that had nothing to do with his mother or the Sisterhood, the wizard might have wondered whether his randy response now to Auslan's words was merely their training. But it wasn't the Red Sisters' doing, he could be sure; this was his and Auslan's alone. It was real, not the result of some conditioning torment or confusing game.

"I've caused the same pain, too, the same way," Shyntre heard himself say almost in a monotone, forcing the warmth in his chest to dampen. "I've enjoyed doing it, hurting them back. I've even done it to Sirana, before you knew her. And...because of the queen's will, I will do it again when I leave here."

What would the submissive, passive Consort think of him, knowing that?

Auslan set down the brush beside them and hand his hand the length of Shyntre's hair one more time before reaching around to hold him from behind, his chin resting on his shoulder. "You are my name-bond, my brother in all but blood, and you always will be. No matter what you have done, or will yet do. You are who you are, and who you are... knows who I am."

The feeling in the mage's chest became chilled, hardened, as he thought about having to return to the Palace after this. How could he protect what was his from the Valsharess, if She may very well want to take everything that he was? As She may have already done to his sire? 

Living with his memories of last eve in these quarters would only make everything worse. Auslan could soon be tortured and killed merely to teach the wizard a lesson about obedience and being a proper breeder. What had he done? Had his mother planned on that? Had the queen? That would be an apt punishment for him, indeed, one that he had done to himself.

The Consort felt his tension and squeezed him once before leaning back to rest his fine hands at the shoulders and start massaging the muscles. "I have a question."

"Mm," Shyntre acknowledged, actually starting to relax a bit under the talented breeder's skill, despite his worry and fear.

"Do you still yearn for females sometimes, as horrid as they can be?"

The wizard snorted a laugh at the phrasing of the question. Oh, hadn't that baffling beetle been pinned to the board? "Sadly, yes. We're made to give them more children, after all."

Auslan sounded encouraged. "You like the way they smell?"

"Some of them. Some could either wash their crotch more often or use less scented oil."

Auslan's hands moved to his upper arms before shifting to his upper back. He sounded like he was smiling again, almost teasing him. "And the feeling of power you get in seeding a female? Sirana, in particular?"

Shyntre shook his head, bemused, and more aroused. "I swear that comes from you, somehow, breeder. You were the one who planted her child."

"It does not come from me," the Consort replied with surprisingly confidence. "It is you. I have only the ability to offer, Shyntre. I offer, and they accept. You claim. You make your mark inside them, at least in your mind, and you like it that way." Auslan leaned over to hold him from behind again, lightly playing with his dark purple nipples. "You claimed me back from Thena, and I like that you did."

Shyntre could feel the blood rush to his crotch as he hardened at an alarming pace. How was the Consort doing that with just his velvet voice and a massage? Oh, goddess, he wanted...

"Auslan—"

"Shyntre. Lie back. We will be out of sight should the door open."

The wizard thought he had to be insane to do this after everything he had been thinking, and yet here he was reclining onto back, with Auslan crawling carefully over him, stretching out on his belly with his knees on either side of the wizard's head. 

Shyntre couldn't see exactly when Auslan closed his mouth over him...but, oh goddess, could he feel it. Auslan hummed as he took him deeper, using some of the same tricks he'd learned just last eve.

"Fast learner," Shyntre grunted before catching his breath.

The Consort's own sex was fully engorged and teasing above him. Shyntre didn't hesitate long; he leaned his head up and caught the tender head between his lips before drawing more of the shaft in as well as he could at this angle, taking the Consort's hips in his hands to help control the depth and speed. He focused on the texture and heady taste. 

Auslan made the same delightful sounds as last eve and started sucking him harder in response, his by far the better angle to manage deep-throating him a few times as well as use his hands, coming up for air with a mix of sound both eager and urgent. Yet he trembled and paused as Shyntre suddenly took the lead from below.

"Not l-lingering, I see," Auslan teased him breathily, stroking the other's shaft with his right hand and massaging his sack with the left.

Shyntre grunted an unintelligible agreement and was glad when Auslan shifted his stance to get the angle better for them, so that he could take him deeper. The Consort had already begun quivering, getting close; it wouldn't take much longer at this pace. Shyntre wanted his brother to come first, wanted to swallow his seed. He wanted that magical high in full bloom when he came himself...

But... he also wanted Sirana here at the same time, wanted her to be excited, watching them, ready and eager to offer her wet, fertile cunt after he had swallowed, when he was so overcome with need to breed a female that he could not imagine any feeling in the underworld being better than these two things, one after the other.

The wizard sucked harder on his bond-mate's prick, able to take him far enough back that he suppressed his gag reflex with practiced training. Auslan was unable to concentrate at all by this point; his hand was loosely wrapped around the wizard's cock, the fingers of his left hand pressing into his mate's thighs as he moved his hips slowly with Shyntre's forceful rhythm. 

The Consort had indeed described that difference between them; Auslan was offering himself, allowing his cum to be beckoned out by a hot, talented mouth...and Shyntre would not stop until he took it from him.

Auslan's breath caught, stopped for a moment, before it came out again in a rush. "Oh goddess...Shyntre...!"

Shyntre felt muscles flex as his brother ejaculated into his mouth, and the wizard took hold of the base to stroke and coax out every drop. Immediately the spice hit him, filled his nose and warmed his tongue, and when he heard Auslan's intoxicating groan of pleasure, the sound seemed almost a physical touch caressing his ears. He waited until he had every last pump in his mouth before he swallowed.

Oh, Lolth, this was good. He wanted to fuck someone. So badly. Not just get sucked off, but to fuck, hard; to make her feel it. He wanted to spurt into her, fill her belly, mark her creamy pussy with his baby-making cock...

In a burst of aggression Auslan didn't see coming, Shyntre knocked him over onto his side and spun around to seize him around the torso, using his weight to hold the Consort down as they were facing, almost as he and Sirana had been before on the floor of the library. The wizard forced a semen-scented kiss on the Consort, who accepted it, kissing back and touching his sides. 

But Auslan refused to match the aggression; he didn't accept the challenge to fight.

Growling low, Shyntre bit his lover's neck, causing a sharp inhale, before licking the warmer spot, kissing it, as he ground his erection against the smooth, perfect body. Auslan didn't know how to respond; he seemed stunned, still coming down from his own climax. This allowed Shyntre to shift and quickly force him to roll over onto his stomach, where he pinned him again. He made sure his brother could feel the iron erection rubbing along his crack, letting him know how much he wanted to fuck. It seemed to wake him up.
