 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

At last we return to the Underdark, where the fighting is a little less overt. Most of the time. ;)

********

Jaunda would be back very soon. 

Elder Rausery held a certain satisfaction near the back of her mind that her shadows had managed to get her a message before D'Shea sensed anything. Although regardless of any competitive impulse on her part, she would want to talk to her shadows first on any mission, if at all possible. Something was different, and she was pretty sure it wasn't only because of all the strangeness going on with the Consort and his dreams. 

The two highly-trained commoners almost didn't make it before Jaunda; something was slowing them down, and when Rausery finally laid eyes on them she could tell that something was Halena.

*Vik,* she ordered in hand sign. *Report.*

Rausery took in every detail of their appearance, their scent, their body language; it was as much part of the report as anything either of them chose to tell her. They were tired for having exerted themselves, with their scents only now coming into stark relief over the general smell of the deep caverns which otherwise clung to them. 

Even before she got any facts or made the effort to focus on their expressions in the darkness, Rausery knew she would have to take Halena in. The young female could not remain out in the wilderness; after being out for four months, she was done. Even Vik would have to stay with his handler once she arrived; he would have to take a break or he would not remain effective.

Something had shaken them both.

*Successful,* Vik told her with his hands as Halena hung slightly behind him with her arms crossed, trying unsuccessfully to put up a tougher front.

*Spy gem in place,* Rausery responded.

*Yes, Elder.*

*Were you sensed or seen by the Illithids?*

*Not to our knowledge.*

Rausery knew this much was true; D'Shea already knew about her gem, as that had been the first hint they had received that Jaunda should be on her way back. The Lead had been out on her mission for almost three weeks, with the spy gem becoming active far away in the Illithid territory just about a week ago. Fairly efficient, actually, as both Elders were able to estimate that she had spent about as long observing the enemy as she had been traveling one way to get there, or to come back. Neither Elder would have been surprised if she had needed to observe the enemy for five times as long before coming back in, as long as she made her check-ins with her Sisters.

*Why did it take so little time?* Rausery asked them both.

Halena shivered and then looked deeply embarrassed for doing so, yet she looked at the elder male to speak for them both. Rausery did not react to this but simply watched them. Vik's handler had only shown it by continually putting him on tasks, but the male shadow had always impressed her, and his loyalty to Rausery's group was steadfast given this ability to prove he was as smart and determined as any female. It would seem he may have led the way to survival on this mission. 

Rausery looked forward to Jaunda's report.

*We had help,* he signed, and for a moment he looked surprised.

The Elder tilted her head. *Why are you startled?*

The young male swallowed but kept his back straight and his eyes up. *I did not think I would be able to tell you. But I cannot tell you about him for one month.*

Now his hands trembled a little bit and he looked uncertain.

Rausery narrowed her eyes. *Him? Not acceptable. Better tell me now.*

His hands didn't move and he stared over her shoulder for a second before blinking and looking back at her. She could see his distress at disobeying her. He began signing in a flurry.

*I can't. I will, after I have kept my part of the bargain, I swear to you. I'm sorry, Elder. We had help, but we agreed not to give the details until one month had passed. It has only been seven cycles.*

What in the Abyss was this?

*So someone saw you, just not the Illithids,* Rausery stated, her face stern. *And you made a deal with him?*

They both nodded and their hands signed an affirmative.

*Why?*

*We had trespassed, and we could not leave.*

Rausery stared at Vik and Halena in such a way as to assure that they would not dare leave her presence as well, until she was finished with them. *'We'?*

*Lead Jaunda, Halena, and me.*

*Again, who made a bargain with you.*

*I can't. I agreed. Twenty-one more cycles, Elder.*

The smaller male flinched when Rausery shifted her stance; both shadows could tell she was not pleased. She even considered if it was already too late and killing them made no difference.

*You agreed,* she repeated with clear incredulity. *Don't believe only that holds you back, Vik. Is it a spell? A compulsion?*

Vik drew in a slow breath and closed his eyes briefly before opening them again. His tremors settled down somewhat and Rausery recognized the technique as he focused. He looked up at her again. *It is the truth. Jaunda will tell you the same thing.*

Would she? What the fuck.

Rausery tried not to audibly grind her teeth. *Anything else happen besides meeting Jaunda and planting the gem?*

Vikki shook his head and then bowed his head down. *Not of note, my Elder. Basic survival.*

Rausery kept her gaze on him without moving for a long time in the quiet of the cavern. As much risk as Vik knew he was taking, what she could choose to do to him and Halena both for this obstruction and insubordination, he remained standing before her and did not look like he was anywhere close to changing his answer. Not without some serious pain, and maybe not even then if there was magic involved; Rausery only knew that too well.

So Jaunda might say the same thing. How would D'Shea respond to that? 

This felt just unusual enough that Rausery decided not to turn to intimidation or punishment. That could always wait until later. She wanted to compare stories first, maybe talk to Phaelous, seeing as how he appeared to be the resident expert on freeing tongues skewered by magic.

Rausery got a few more inconsequential details about their last observance of the Illithid field before the handler showed up to collect her shadows, easing into their periphery and giving the tiny sound which confirmed her identity. The Elder nodded.

*Take Vik and put him under constant watch until I have a chance to talk to him again. Update me if he gives any further details on his bargain.*

The handler tilted her head slightly. *Discipline?*

*Not yet. Wait.*

*And Halena?*

Elder Rausery tugged out a black bag from her belt. *She's coming with me to the Cloister.*

*******

Don't stare into the Abyss.

That was what Elder Rausery had told him and the irony struck him how, before now, he had actually thought that he had been leaning over the edge doing just that.

He hadn't. He had been complaining about its existence.

Then the Valsharess had dragged him onto her altar and shattered the internal shield he thought had been strong enough. He knew it wasn't when he had his first "strange dream." He had been his father at first, in bed with a young Priestess, then she had morphed into Sirana. 

The Red Sister had recognized him, said his name and looked straight at him as if he was really there.

Didn't she realize what that meant?

*No...! Leave... LEAVE!*

It could not go like this. *She* would be able to get in. *She* would be able to invade every part of him and see things She wasn't supposed to see. He floundered for something else his sponsor had said, wishing he could hear her firm, practical voice anchoring him in this place of prayers and madness.

*The only easy cycle, boy, is the previous one.*

One corner of his mouth drew up wryly. That was certainly true, but the true danger was in whether he should cease being able to tell one cycle from the next.

Shyntre flinched when something touched his damp temple and he cried out through a tight throat. It sounded like a tiny, wounded squall.

"Shhh," the Priestess hushed. "Are you all right? You didn't answer when I knocked."

Shyntre stared up at the feminine face, slowly absorbing her features as the candlelight flickered low and calm. She was elegant; multiple, silver piercings in her ears and Lolth's spider as a pendant nestled between her breasts, and he remembered her as one of the youngest Priestesses who would come to check on him from time to time. More of the younger ones had strange eyes like hers. Green, like the grass and the leaves on the trees upon the Surface.

"Where am I?" he croaked with almost no voice.

The Priestess gave him a tolerant smile that was also an admonishment; he nearly felt forty years old again. "You were moved into the Sanctuary several cycles ago. Her Grace deemed you have been breeding too hard and were failing to care for yourself in your quarters. You will remain here while you recover your strength."

Oh, goddess. If there was any thought which made him want to leap out of bed and proclaim a full recovery, it was the thought of being tended by spiteful, warring Priestesses in their empty nursery. In fact, he tried to sit up quickly and was taken aback how badly his head began spinning. The Priestess took his shoulders and pushed him back down on the soft bedding with a cluck-cluck of her tongue.

"You are not well, Shyntre, and the Valsharess's Consort must be watched."

He shrugged his shoulders, shrinking from her touch, and tried to push her arms away. It would not have worked on its own but she took the hint and straightened back up, putting her ring-covered hands in her lap atop the purple velvet of her gown. 

"Who are you?" he wheezed without thinking, and the Priestess looked a bit amused as well as skeptical, as if she suspected him of lying.

"You have never been stupid, wizard," she said. "Even if we have rarely spoken directly, others talk, I am sure, and you have always been aware of who I am."

She seemed about to say more but thought better of it and just watched him. Her warm palm had settled heavily on one of his arms as if to make certain he did not try to sit up again. His head felt as if it had been stuffed full of cobwebs, both lighter than it should be and obscuring most of his thoughts as they tried to struggle through the grey haze. He turned his neck one way sluggishly than the other, blinking as he tried to form a question. His base instincts warned him that he was at a deadly disadvantage if he could not think faster.

One of the younger Priestesses, and yes, she was familiar. He once knew all of the Priestesses' names in the Sanctuary out of pure need, but then he went to the Tower and, for a brief time, the Cloister. And to the Surface, and back. Back to the Tower. He was certain that several Priestesses since then had been killed off and new ones would have been initiated. There would be Priestesses here that he did not know, but this one was older than him and...

His eyes widened suddenly as the memory struggled its way out of the cobwebs. How could he forget? The audience with the Valsharess that had condemned him, the discovery of the tainted Consorts and the beginning of the Purge. The audience which had sent Sirana away, unlikely to return.

The sorceress-Priestess who had seized the ear of the Valsharess in that meeting. The liaison to the Sisterhood, the contact and possible ally to his mother, Varessa D'Shea. 

"Lelinahdara..." he whispered and she smiled at him.

"There we are, dear boy, I knew you had not been completely addled." 

Her hand slid up from his bicep to squeeze his shoulder as she leaned closer and over him. Her voice dropped to that near-voiceless whisper which did not carry, which all surviving Drow learned to do well before they reached adulthood.

"You will not have to serve any Nobles while you are here, and as you are under my care by order of the Valsharess, you will not believe anything another Priestess may try to tell you. You will agree to no favors or tasks, you will not initiate or accept any bargains. You will tell me about all who make contact with you, and what they said. You will omit nothing. To do otherwise will be treason against Her Grace. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Priestess," he whispered, feeling his stomach first seem to sink and then ice over. 

There was nothing else he could do; he believed he would not be here at all if it was not truly by the Hand of his Queen. It made the most sense that Lelinahdara would be "gifted" with his care if for some reason the Valsharess wanted him out of the Palace. And if this Priestess was not telling the whole truth, it would drive him to further insanity to doubt her and drown in the shadows of endless conspiracies.

In some way, to do exactly as she said made it all simpler. He had to submit to the females in control of his destiny and make every attempt to be blameless should something go wrong. When something went wrong. Sometimes being blameless made no difference and one was still punished to soothe the pride of one who failed, but he resolved not to concern himself with that. Not right now.

His previous experience in the Sanctuary left the indelible impression in his mind that there was no certainty here and it was all a maze of mirrors. By comparison the Tower was structured to expect intellectual progress from those living there, competition encouraged though not to lethal levels, with favoritism, rewards, and to be given the most appealing tasks and studies as the goals. The Cloister was purely physical and mental endurance, confrontations and fights expected to better determine who stood at the top, and even then, they had to work together.

The Sanctuary was a place somewhat like the Court, where one's strengths seemed less tangible than fighting endurance or the number of spells one could master. It was more about distant resources at one's disposal and the politics of convincing others you had such extended control, whether or not part of it might be an illusion. The Priestesses of Lolth, however, had one thing over the Nobles, and that was being able to summon both pleasure dreams and nightmares to further enhance the image of their influence, not only on this plane but on another.

Shyntre could say that summoning those dreams and nightmares worked. It worked so very well. From his view the Valsharess was far less a Queen and more a Priestess, because that was how She controlled him: through sanity-siphoning nightmares.

As Lelinahdara nodded in approval and rubbed her hand along his shoulder and arm as if to comfort, he looked about him for a few more details of the room. He could tell he was not in a Priestess's personal quarters, and for that he was grateful. . It was of medium size with magic-formed stone and motifs of webs and spiders tastefully added here and there. There were three other beds but they were empty, and each had a small table next to them, the only one with a candle being the one next to his bed. Lastly there was a hygiene area in the rear corner, presumably to be shared by all four occupants if the room should be full.

This was part of the infirmary, he remembered, where many of the young males from different floors of the Sanctuary might end up for one reason or another, as well as the occasional pregnant female of note, if something about her had drawn the attention of Lolth's servants. Such as his own mother, when she carried him.

He wondered whether they might actually leave him alone in this room, and if they did, what would he do besides look at the walls and pace between necessary body functions, as he did in his Palace quarters?

Really, how would it be any different? Lelinahdara had just told him that he was as untouchable as before, still the Valsharess's Consort. He could imagine that a Priestess foolish enough to walk in here and try to interact with him on any level besides making certain he was still alive... this would be his only entertainment.

He had always loathed Drow who were short-sighted and bored enough to encourage, even look forward to making trouble for themselves and others simply because they needed entertainment. 

What little he had known of Sirana as a Noble when the Sisterhood had been watching her, how she had seemed to him at Court that confused him so that his mother would be so interested - causing his stomach to burn when she was touted as the daughter the Elder should've had - that was how he saw her, as exactly the type of bored Noble which he despised. That was why he had been able to do what he did to her; she was asking for it, she wanted the trouble, she had done it to others. She deserved it.

Auslan had warned him about that, or tried to. He didn't listen.

Now, he wondered at this thought of looking forward to some other Priestess coming to ask something of him, of seeing what would come of it. He had nothing else, no other choices; others had already decided for him. He wondered if - knowing what he did now with the feeling of change from that dream, a split second before he panicked- he wondered if Sirana had felt like this, too? Despite his assumption that she had all the power and choices and privilege he would never have, from being born female and coming from a named family... assuming she just wasted it all...

Maybe it had not been quite like that for her. Otherwise how could she have looked at him the way she had in the dream?

The Priestess lightly slapped his face. "I said, look at me, Shyntre."

His eyes snapped to her and he automatically submerged his surface thoughts and changed his breathing as Elder Rausery had taught him long ago. He did not even allow a self-reprimand for letting his thoughts drift the way they had. 

"Yes, Priestess," he murmured, forcing his body to relax as he gazed up at her green-eyed face. Some of the cobwebs cleared and he became aware of an itching scab at his shoulder and he reached to touch it, nearly scratching it before Lelinahdara grabbed his hand to stop it. 

"What is this?" she asked as she lifted his hand and used her other one to pull back his robe and expose his shoulder. She lightly touched it and they could both see it was half as long as her finger. There was a bit more blood staining his blue robe then he thought there should be.

He swallowed but waited patiently for the reason to come back to him, and it did in the form of an angry elder's face. The Queen had thrown a statuette at him in temper, and it had gouged him at his shoulder and his foot when he had tried to prevent it from breaking as it landed. She had used some of his blood on the altar, and She made no effort to heal it afterward. A small punishment to add to the brutal raping of his aura, no doubt.

"I dropped a statuette on my foot," he answered.

Lelinahdara give him an odd look, arching a fine white eyebrow, before shifting off the bed to lift the blanket and expose his right foot. There was another similar gouge scabbed over there as well, not quite as deep or as long. 

The Priestess was an intelligent one and nodded as she hummed. "After trying to catch it, I presume?"

"Yes, Priestess."

She pondered something for several moments before flipping the blanket back over his foot and tucking him back in. "I will bring you back some food. Rest here."

He escaped with only a nod as an answer when she left the infirmary.

******

Rausery relaxed in her own quarters, at her own desk, leaning back with her arms folded over her stomach and her legs stretched out comfortably as she watched D'Shea strip Jaunda. one piece and one layer at a time.
