 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

At last we return to see what's up down below. ;) Thank you for the notes of support as I got this done despite work, illness, and travel. I hope you enjoy it.

*****

"When will he wake, D'Shea?"

Shyntre had asked her that before he had left for the Palace, and now Rausery, after almost a full cycle doing what she needed to do to recover and protect what had changed after visiting Phaelous. The Elder wouldn't talk to her about that. Yet.

The sorceress had already been to visit Tarra to put off any actions with Auslan and the forming room, and many more mundane things had needed to fill her attention for the next two cycles after that.

Auslan remained in his trance and his Elder was truly nervous now though she would not admit that to Rausery. It had been almost five cycles since D'Shea had seen the place of sand and the white walker, since she'd communicated briefly with Jael in the dungeon and with Sirana.

It had taken some troubleshooting to figure out how the best maintenance spell and apparatus to feed Auslan's body the fluids it needed while he was not awake to drink. She'd fashioned a modified water-breathing mask to place over his nose and mouth with a tube connected to a waterskin. He lost very little moisture breathing out as it was all magically recycled and added to by the waterskin, which she refilled as needed, as he literally breathed in his water rather than drinking it. Similarly, she fed a small healer's tube into his penis to empty his bladder into another skin before he could soil her bed. 

Auslan had not eaten since falling into this deep reverie, though, and his body wouldn't continue forever without food even though her healing spells could lengthen the amount of time he could spend in a coma without any lasting damage.

She was not used to being a tender of any kind, but she could trust no one else in this. It was a good thing Shyntre wasn't here; his anger wouldn't help the situation. Had she made a mistake in the strength of her spell? Was this somehow Auslan's own doing, his will? Or had he become lost and needed help...?

Breathing out slowly, D'Shea sat on the edge of the bed once again, staring down at his half-masked face, watching for any twitch, any sign that he might be coming out awake.

"Where are you, Consort?" she murmured, lightly touching his temple, smoothing a bit of his white hair back. "You must return to me. Soon."

*****

Rausery hadn't been sitting long. First they'd needed to see to Jaunda; the Elders were sending her out alone this time to meet up with her two shadow stalkers with a few specific orders. With D'Shea's assistance, they'd been able to shorten some of the trek, to get their Lead quickly to the edge of known territory. 

Next there was following up with Qivni, checking on the rest of the Sisterhood, reporting to the Prime, the usual song and dance. As soon as Rausery was alone, however, she had to test something.

She wanted to write, using her awkward, sharp scratches that only Shyntre was willing and able to decipher with reasonable speed. A few times in the past, before she'd given up from the swell of pain in her head, she had tried to write it. The problem was she couldn't write it without thinking it, and the very thought of passing on the knowledge in any form triggered the migraine.

It had begun before with a feeling like someone was tightening down a vice inside her skull, pulling down and compressing her brain—and this just from picking up the reed quill with the idea of writing it down.

She'd picked up the quill now. So far, so good.

Elder Rausery dipped the tool into her ink bottle and adjusted her grip, putting the tip to the parchment at the proper angle.

No pain.

She smiled a bit and wrote, "Blade song."

Sitting back, she waited. Nothing.

*Fucking Headmaster.* How had he done it? It had sure as fuck hurt enough at the time when he was doing his thing, but now...

Rausery leaned over her desk and wrote several more words, suggestive, subversive hints of her true thoughts.

"Brom."

"Crypt."

"Grandmaster."

The Elder chuckled, blotting out her notes so they were illegible. 

*Phaelous, you old cuntsucker.*

She had only to wait for the beauty to wake up.

*******

Ta'suil remembered the shocking pain after the paladin-priest had accepted his open hand. It had been a pure, impulsive offer; he hadn't intended any pain or any harm. He had merely recognized the light-skinned, male Human as the third priest that the Deathwalker had told him they needed to join them on the red sands.

The Consort had tried to take the Human there, right in that moment.

It hadn't worked. His God was still angry. And hurt. He did not know where they had all gone, or why they had abandoned Him, why the grey mistress and her walker now plotted against Him rather than seek new connections elsewhere.

The Brother had hurt them because Ta'suil didn't have the answers to His questions.

Sirana had been there with him, speaking with the paladin in another language as if trying to negotiate with him. They'd all been separated when the Brother's anger surged, powerful as a solar flare.

Now...

Now. The Consort turned around slowly, looking around him.

He was surrounded by three-story walls and orange columns, once red but faded by exposure. Open-air patios, balconies, and the small courtyard where he stood implied the space and the decorative vessels had been intended for living gardens, though there were no plants here now. Smooth sandstone steps, wide and shallow, lead to the various shelters, barely worn and still showing the gradients of color and layers which had formed it.

He could not see outside of this place without climbing up and looking out from an outside window, as he had so often in his life. The true border walls of this place—the ones where guards would be posted—must reach farther out and would protect him and provide a world inside in which he could be kept, to be an object of value, as the rest of the chaos and wilderness outside continued on without him.

The Consort explored cautiously, walking the borders of the empty courtyard, placing his bare feet carefully, silently, and listening only to silence in return. The walkways needed to be swept, the corners cleared of collected red sand and dirt, the water well needed to be unsealed.

The windows—arched and square, round and oval, depending on where in the manor they could be seen, and their relative size—all were missing drapery, glass, or shades. They were wide-open like so many staring eyes, carved, curved stone their only adornment giving them any beauty. Unfinished or undone, the place was built but not lived in. It was the same with all the doors and entries, rectangular or arched, reinforced or functional or elegant.

Perhaps this was how a Matron's House might look on the Surface, if it could be built with no rock overhead, if it were able to withstand the constant blowing grit of the dunes. That was one thing that was missing: the wind. No specks of sand blew into his eyes or stung his ears. Nothing moved inside those beckoning, darker areas shaded from the Sun, though he thought if anything at all lived here still, they would be out of the high source of heat overhead.

Trusting his ears and a honed sensitivity to even semi-sentient movement, he knew was alone. Ta'suil sought to rest his eyes from the brutal Sun, climbing the steps to the West for no particular reason. The first, ground-level, deeply shaded room he entered had no furnishings, though it was spacious, the ceiling generously high and the still air just a bit cooler. It was dark for lacking any windows and the walls being thick, with only a single door leading to the next room, much smaller, with an empty, stepping-stone depression that had probably been a pool at one point, capable of holding multiple bodies. The smaller room possessed only one of the smaller portals to allow in natural light.

Its placement baffled him; a bare room just off the prime location of the front courtyard, linked to a small bathing room with a single, high window offering only indirect light to spread out over the earth-tone ceiling. None of the Matrons with whom he had ever stayed would put an empty utility or sparring room and wash room so close to what must be the main leisure area.

The Consort sat down on the edge of the large, empty bath; had it been filled with water, he'd be in up to his hips, his feet and legs at a comfortable angle to sit and socialize, probably with something liquid in hand to sip, watching for signs that his mistress might want to seduce him. He looked up, contemplating the shade of Sunlight filtering through the stone—gold and at its brightest during the day—and reflected that the color of this room would change with the time of day. With the setting Sun, there may be days where the walls would look to be set aflame.

The quiet was unnatural, even for the empty desert he'd visited so many times now. Insects, rodent, and reptiles had often shown up if only to remind him some creature was always aware that he was here...except for in this place.

Not even a fly came to bother him with its whining buzz.

He missed them; his champion protector, and his brother, he missed them. He wanted to speak with the walker again, or with the paladin. He still had questions.

Or if none of them would be able to reach him right now, he wanted to return to Elder D'Shea. He just wasn't sure how; he'd always simply "awoken" before, but now he felt no pull back to where his true body lay. He didn't imagine he would have to walk the whole way back to the Underdark...but he wasn't sure how to get there.

He'd never gone this far afield before. Perhaps if he simply slept and let his mind be still, as he had yet to do, he might wake up again in the Underdark. This place was so quiet, though, some part of him wondered if he should sleep here, would he ever wake up, if there was nothing to disturb him? Would he become part of it, part of the stone and the stillness?

He didn't sleep, but nor did he feel the time passing as the angle of the Sun changed, as the shades of light and stone became deeper shades of gold, fire, and blood. What would the Night look like, with the Stars overhead in such utter silence? He kind of looked forward to it, provided the grey mass of the dead did not show up as well.

The sandstone ceiling finally shifted to true red, the Sun's angle low and late, when there was a noise.

A tremor.

Tiny bumps spread out on his skin, and beneath his wrap he felt his scrotum draw up closer to his body as his heart sped up. The sound was incredibly low, just within what his ears could pick up, but mostly he felt it in his bones and teeth.

It had come from the East, behind him, and after it next rose a droning swell like something might have burst up through the sand to send up a cloud so enormous as to block the Sun and alter the fading light in this room for a moment. The sense of underlying, penetrating pain that touched him was voiceless.

Suddenly he was afraid for the Night to fall.

*******

Vik and Halena still hadn't been back to any civilization since Jaunda had last seen them. There was enough water available for basic hygiene and for keeping their scents down, but that was just it: the Lead could only barely distinguish their scents from the rest of the environment. They blended in just that much better than she did.

This appealed to her on a primal level. The Lead hadn't thought before what it might be like to be out here for months at a time, maybe only visiting the City twice a year, if that. She had never cared too much about keeping up with Court politics, and within the Cloister she was required only to be tactically smarter and physically tougher than those she lead. But she'd been watching Elder D'Shea and her plotting for over two centuries, and now she wondered what she herself might like to do when someone eventually came along to challenge the Lead for her place—at a time when Jaunda no longer cared enough to fight for it.

She knew better than to indulge in those thoughts for longer than the moment it took out in the wilderness.

*She tell you?* Jaunda signed when they met up near to—but not exact—where the two had first revealed themselves to her.

Halena nodded. She wasn't wearing her mask, and the Red Sister could see a similar ear-shape to the male, Vik, as well as a face that really could fade into the background as a servant in a Household or trader on the street—no one would look twice. True to form for the City, Jaunda could see her for the commoner she had been born, not quite as refined or exotic-looking as Sirana or Jael, or her own Elder D'Shea for that matter. It didn't matter on a personal level; it just helped things along when the details matched the story.

The story being right from Elder Rausery's mouth, which in itself was persuasive.

*Unexpected so soon, but welcome,* Vik signed. He seemed more at ease than his female partner, who rolled her eyes.

*Welcome?* she signed. *That the Illithids may attack sooner than anticipated?*

*Welcome that our Elder has decided we will combine resources when that happens,* he replied.

Jaunda couldn't tell which was the eldest between them and she was unused to seeing males as confident and calm as Vik. Part of her liked what she saw, what Rausery and her training had made of him...and another part of her wondered what it would take to make him nervous, and how he would respond. Would it be different than how a female tended to respond? Would he last less time than a Red Sister?

Halena did not comment and instead gestured for them to follow her. Jaunda recognized where they were going—bypassing the Dragon Ward and approaching the Illithid territory from the shifted rock underneath again. It was a different time of the cycle, much earlier, and Jaunda wanted to see what—if anything—was different in the slave fields.

The Lead's ring hummed inside her head again, as designed, indicating the presence of psionic energy, and the trio was as cautious as before, Jaunda with her hood back up and the shadow Drow covering their white hair though not their faces. The field itself, however, was empty and quiet without the sound of tools. That might suggest there was no Illithid present, just the psionic ward itself.

Fortuitous. Should she try to plant the gem now or wait another cycle to see if it was the same, if there was any sort of pattern to the field work? Jaunda had taken risks and opportunities aplenty before in the City, but the consequences had to be something she and her Elders were willing to accept.

D'Shea would not, and Jaunda could not imagine even Elder Rausery thinking it a good idea taking any notable risk with Illithids to save an extra cycle or two. The only time limit was a nebulous one given by an old wizard.

*Watch for a while,* Jaunda signed, and both shadow Drow nodded once.

Once again Jaunda lay to one side with Halena on the other and Vik in the middle. The shadow Drow were good; patient, still, alert but not anxious, or at least not in any way she could sense. Jaunda already knew these two would outlast Kirin and Lawret in this task; her excitable interrogators were not designed for long observation without action. Had Rausery simply chosen well, or were they all like this?

Jaunda breathed in slowly, paying close attention to the types of mushrooms and crops being grown here. She recognized a general "food and medicine" quality of the air, and knew at least some of them had short regrowth times, so it would be tended regularly, if not every cycle. It was possible the first group she'd seen, however, were harvesting some of the plants that took longer to grow, so perhaps they wouldn't need twenty bodies again very soon.

She could hope.

After two full marks of silence and little activity by anything larger than a bat, Jaunda heard a sound strange and foreign bounce along one of the tunnels. She glanced first at Halena, whose face was like stone. When she looked to Vik, however, he was smiling just a little.

*Amused?* Jaunda signed.

*Encouraged.*

*Why?*

*I know which cavern leads to their center.*

It was true there was more than one way to enter these fields, though the cavern dead-ended on the side where they'd burrowed up. Jaunda thought she counted three tunnels on the other side, based primarily on shadow depth and to subtle sounds of echo.

*On the right?* Halena signed.

*Correct,* he answered.

Jaunda looked between them. *And you two are so sure, because...?*

The cheeky smile she received from Vik could have been irritating, offensive, an excuse to push him around later or try to intimidate him. The thought did cross her mind, but it didn't stay long because all she had to do was imagine that same smirk on Beralya or Sirana's face instead...and it was an invitation to play.

Well. In that case, she wondered if he would take it up the ass like they would?

*Fine,* Jaunda signed with one hand as her other gave the male's fully available backside a very firm squeeze. *Tell me later.*

He didn't panic, shift, or jerk away, which at least showed her his training, though his eyes widened a little in surprise and his female companion tried to scowl the Red Sister's hand away from his tight bottom. Jaunda gave it an extra, silent pat for good measure before she returned her previous, more comfortable position and waited.

They listened for any change in the cavern first, and when there was none, Halena signed first.

*I tell you again. He's not yours.*

*All work and no play,* Jaunda signed back, letting her teeth show in a grin before closing them again. *Is he yours, then? Does he ever speak for himself?*

Halena was becoming agitated too easily, and Vik reached out to rest just his middle two fingers on her wrist, holding them there until the female looked away from Jaunda to meet his eyes.

*Red Sister,* was all he signed.

After a beat or two, the other shadow Drow nodded and made a conscious effort to relax and focus on her surroundings again. Jaunda felt the tension drain and made a mental note. She might not guess all the connotations her status had for these two, but Vik's actions were clear to show at least one of them was that he expected and accepted that a Red Sister would test his nerves once in a while. A butt-squeeze was barely a test.

Or it should be, if Rausery really did have an effective, second team on the side.

*How many are you?* Jaunda asked, not expecting an answer.

*If Elder Rausery didn't tell you,* Halena answered, immediately and predictably, *then we cannot.*

The Lead shrugged and nodded, putting her two middle fingers on Vik's wrist until he looked at her. *What ratio is male? At least tell me that. No harm there.*

Vik considered, ignoring Halena's expression, and signed, *One in three.*

That many? Interesting.

*If this is so strange you cannot get past it, it distracts you,* Halena signed. *That is not impressive, Red Sister.*

Jaunda laughed silently, again showing her teeth. *And I distract you, shadow. You protect him as if he can't protect himself. You speak for him, then tell me I am distracted by his gender? You are no better. What would you do if I decided to try him out?*

Halena's tension returned.

Vik put his forehead in his hands as a gesture of frustration and jerked one hand tersely, *No more. Not here.*

*Sure thing, sweet meat,* Jaunda signed, easily the calmest of the three. *How often do you interact with Drow of status or power? Not often, I wager, if you are this easy to shake.*
