 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

And now we return to where we left off with "Retreat."

******

As Gavin led us toward his claimed room, I saw Deshi hover out of our periphery, hesitating a moment before finally leaving with his two brothers—as he should—to go wash, eat, and sleep. 

It had finally dawned on me—after far too long to be truly impressed with myself—that the young Man wasn't just overly fascinated with Gavin in particular, or with death in general, and that my ally was aware of this. Gavin had asked Deshi to close his eyes during Peng Lok's surgery; it wasn't because of any gruesome, bloody sight, but because of the blue light and whatever other intangible thing he might sense. I was sure.

Gavin walked in front with Mourn, and Krithannia and I behind with Jael trailing just a bit. I looked at the Noldor and murmured to her.

"Do you know Deshi is a necromancer?"

Krithannia nodded solemnly, glancing at me with direct, grey eyes. "The potential is there, but only known by us as of six months ago. Unfortunately, the Guild has no one at this time to teach him that focus. Death magic is rarer than you might think outside of the Ma'ab, particularly considering the battle we just fled, and they will not deign to tutor outsiders even if they will contract with the Guild."

Gavin glanced over his shoulder—he was scowling, of course, probably waiting to be volunteered by me to teach Deshi—and Mourn's left ear had twitched back to listen but he kept his eyes forward.

"You know about Sarilis," I wagered, keeping my focus on Krithannia.

The Pale Elf shrugged. "I would trust Deshi's own instincts as he learned magic in general over making any deal with *that* slippery, old man."

Gavin had looked forward again and resolutely ignored any talk about his former "master."

"His being drawn to Gavin," I said, a slight tease in my voice meant for my ever-surly scholar, "shows very good instincts, hmm?"

Krithannia smiled at me, understanding what I was doing but said nothing to fan the flame. Still, Gavin made a decent lecturer if one asked the right questions, I knew, and he had given Deshi a suggestion in the first place. I would have to ask him why, if he scowled so at the mere mention of teaching.

"Should we invite him?" I tried.

"No," Gavin grunted as he approached his door, dispelling the ward before muttering a word that allowed the handle to be turned again. 

I watched and considered. That lock wouldn't have stopped anyone here determined to get inside, but it might have made tampering evident, at least to Gavin, even had they used magical means to unlock the door.

I had to assume Soul Drinker was still inside, but I would know soon enough.

"Talov will join us soon," Mourn said, looking at Gavin as he led the way.

I walked over the trunk before I considered doing anything else, placing my hand on it and concentrating. I didn't hear the familiar, genderless whisper in my head, but I could sense a general feeling of eager welcome.

"Sirana?" Mourn asked, sounding concerned.

"Still here," I muttered, pulling my hand away and straightening up. It should stay there, for the duration of...whatever we were about to do. I looked at Jael, then, noticing Mourn do the same.

She frowned back and signed defiantly, *What? Will not touch it.*

It was telling that she knew exactly what was inside the trunk, though whether from basic deduction or something more primal, I couldn't be sure without asking. I chose not to with Krithannia present. She already seen the results of the scuffle, of course, but Soul Drinker's particular effects on Jael, and the reasons behind them, were not something I wanted a Noldor to know. 

Gavin had put away his surgical kit and turned to straighten up some of his desk from where I'd interrupted him, collecting a few new things from his pack before sitting in his chair, which was turned so one hand could be on the desk as he watched us about the room.

"Who do you want to die tonight?"

Mourn and Krithannia exchanged a glance; both of them smiled, just a little.

"That is usually our question," the Noldor said.

Gavin shrugged, and waited.

"You claim a way to assassinate from afar," Mourn prompted, "to assure the Ma'ab retreat and give up Manalar."

Nyx's servant nodded slowly, considering many details he was not telling. "Shall we wait for Talov? I do not relish explaining things twice."

Krithannia made a gesture to Mourn I didn't quite catch from my angle, but he nodded and spoke to Gavin.

"We want a minimum of four to die. Vo'Traj is dead and will not return. Now we need Vo'Reye and Vo'Kyahn to join her. In addition, their two Commanders, Lingell and Chottinvah."

The necromancer didn't ask for more details yet; he just nodded.

I was curious, though. "What about Hellhound Divigna?"

"The price of those four will have to be low to consider him good value to add," Krithannia commented.

"Wise," Gavin said.

"Why?" Jael asked bluntly, saving me the same show of youthful curiosity.

"The Hellhounds are elite but not the backbone of the army," Mourn said to her, turning to face her properly, his tail barely skimming the stone of the floor. "Divigna is extremely dangerous once you are in proximity, but he manages the smaller side missions that help the mass as a whole. Taking out individual pinpoints of power within that mass is needed to break that whole."

"He saw us escape the crypt," I said. "No matter you left Brom's sword in Vo'Traj's chest, he may still believe the Guild responsible. He will tell his superiors."

"All the better that we assure ourselves they are dead, then."

"Who will be elevated in their place?" I asked.

Both Guild leaders shook their heads, and Krithannia spoke. "It depends who survives to return North. But they will not muster enough strength to continue their campaign without those four figures, even if they leave someone like Divigna behind to dissuade the Knight Captain from retaking his city. The Guild will have time to force them the rest of the way out if this is the case, so long as their top military leadership and most powerful sorceresses do not remain at Manalar."

Well. At least we were thinking. I hadn't had the time to consider that Hellhounds could stay behind to take out as many of those returning to Manalar as possible, but it made too much sense not to assume the Ma'ab would try it that way even with their leaders gone.

Assuming we did indeed assure that the main army would retreat.

"And you're so sure Gavin can just lop these specific heads off for you?" Jael challenged.

"We will hear him out," Mourn said. "If not, others are already moving."

The necromancer just stared at us; he took no umbrage at the show of doubt and did not explain until after Talov finally knocked on the door.

"Sorry," the greybeard said, holding a small, clanking bag over his shoulder. "Took a bit to get 'em settled."

He coughed briefly into his fist and took a place to stand and watch the rest of us. Mourn nodded his head in welcome to him, then looked back to Gavin as the pale mage shifted in his chair to face us just a bit more, looking at me first.

"The Yungians call you 'hakgwei,' Sirana," he began.

"Yes, Black Ghost," I replied, translating more for Jael's benefit.

"While I can't say some stories involving your kind didn't influence the legend of the hakgwei, I do not believe that the Baenar are the origin."

I looked to Mourn, then, as one I was sure had been to Yung-An in his years, and he nodded in agreement.

"So what is a hakgwei, if not a Drow?" Jael asked.

"Assassins of the spirit world," Gavin answered, "which can be summoned with a curse blade, to strike down a driven man's enemy. The stories are all ghost stories, highly ritualized, cautionary tales describing obsession and supreme cost in vengeance."

I knew Mourn's tail well enough by now to be able to tell Gavin was right; Krithannia noticed, too, or knew some of the stories herself to be sure.

"How would you know, if I may ask, Gavin?" Krithannia shifted her weight on her legs as she tilted her head at him. "You are correct, but... Have you spoken with Deshi, perhaps?"

Gavin shook his head. "I merely listened while we were on the boat. Others were rather curious about the Yungians' confidence in Sirana's presence guaranteeing our success, and asked them about the hakgwei. I listened to some of what the Yungians described. I will admit as well, my...restoration has left me with some new knowledge I did not earn on this plane, and I made a connection just recently. There are such entities in the Greylands, and they can be summoned to assure a death."

Talov frowned at the distant look on Gavin's face, which I agreed was unsettling, but I had known Gavin could not be the same as he was before the rift opened, just as he had not been since the Witch Hunters killed him. He had even chosen to show me this, blatantly, by disrobing and asking me to describe his physical changes for him.

"We are listening, Deathwalker," Mourn said. 

Gavin looked somberly from me to the three Guildmasters. "They are called the Shae'goth. If you would accept the risk, I could summon them. They can be in position to strike faster than your agents, and with a higher chance of success. However that is all contingent on if you can meet their price."

World-class assassins hiring spirit assassins to do their job. I wanted to chuckle and would have if the overall feeling in the room was not so serious. The mention of any price of the Greylands was enough to keep all of us quiet and contemplative for the moment.

"Shae'goth," Mourn repeated, testing the word on his tongue. "In what do they trade for their service?"

Because we'd just assume they were real, and that they could be defined like a neighboring site or merchant trade. Krithannia and Talov even nodded a bit.

I reflected that Gavin—whether he realized it or not—had earned the benefit of the doubt from the Guildmasters with his actions at Manalar, to be treated if not as a trusted equal, then as a high-ranking diplomat or representative afforded every courtesy. All this because his actions had stayed true to his purpose and without one hint that he would be tempted to break his agreement with me or bend his service to his mistress for his own gains.

I got the feeling Mourn respected this quality more than anything else, but I wasn't sure if Gavin had noticed or if he was too distracted—by his mistress, by whatever dead whispers he always heard, whatever spirits he once told me he saw—to consider the dispositions of those living around him. 

I couldn't see how he wouldn't notice, though, given his treatment by others up until this point. He had learned how to sense when someone meant him harm. As a child, he had hidden and stayed scarce. As an adult...he had ripped out a sorceress's heart in a fit of fury.

Yes, I decided. Gavin had noticed. That was why he was talking now.

"They trade in rare metal and weapons," Gavin nodded toward Talov, with what I assumed to be his sack of silver daggers, "and, as you might expect, they trade in souls. According to legend, the hakgwei could be summoned by any person with the knowledge and drive to do so. This is true."

This struck me as odd. Any person? Not just a mage, or a necromancer?

"Like...Layne, back at the inn," I asked, "if he had the knowledge and wanted it enough to defend his mother from insults?"

Gavin nodded. "Perhaps not a wise reason, but if he had the proper tribute and made the payment, yes. The Shae'goth can be invited onto this plane like many others."

"But they *are* Greyland natives. Do they have a use for those souls themselves? Or do they claim them on behalf of a mistress or master, like the Ma'lok?"

Gavin smiled a little. "Very good, Sirana. They operate on behalf of their mistress. My mistress."

I should've known.

"We'd be making a contract with the Grey Maiden," Krithannia said flatly, and I couldn't tell whether she was displeased or not. Maybe just understandably wary.

"Not directly," Gavin said. "Your contract would be with the Shae'goth. But they do answer to her. Some contracts they will not take. Either the price cannot be met, or if it can, they will not, for reasons known only to her. I already know your Ma'ab targets are ones they would take."

Talov was shaking his head. "Ain't any 'souls' here I'm willing or able tah bargain away, 'less it's every Ma'ab currently at Manalar they want."

"They usually claim the summoner as well as the target," Gavin said, and that stopped everyone for a second. "Hence, the cautionary tales."

"We can't do this," Krithannia said immediately, looking at Mourn with worry; his tail flicked in response.

"Wait," Jael said, narrowing her eyes at Gavin. "You said you would summon them for us. What effect does that have on your soul?"

"It's already claimed by the very Lady for whom they would collect it," Gavin said, and the mage actually smiled to show his black teeth. I hadn't seen that in a while.

"So all we need are some silver daggers?"

"Not that simple, Jael, they may ask for something else valuable in place of a summoner's soul. But you would have the rare benefit of flexibility when dealing with them, having that off the table."

"You speak like you are only a puppet or gatekeeper in this deal, Deathwalker," Mourn said, drawing the mage's attention with his change of stance, which was equally direct as his voice. "Despite the effacement, you are the one holding this pearl in your hand. Answer me this: Would using the Shae'goth be a road for the Guild to have stronger connection of equal benefit to you and your mistress, if that was what the Founders of the Guild desired?"

Talov brightened and grinned wide through his beard; Krithannia actually relaxed some, nodding thoughtfully as if reminding herself of their goals, and I finally had to snicker at the look of pure surprise on Gavin's face. 

So. Mourn would make a contract with shadow assassins, as the Greyland reflection of his own organization, to make a bond between Gavin and the Guild? I believed he would.

Diplomat or not, my death mage did not seem to realize that he was becoming more than a servant outside of the Greylands. He could not seem to accept that he was desirable in any regard and expected others to downplay his contributions, despite his growing power and confidence. If the Guild wanted a binding deal with him first, before anyone else had the chance to court him, I thought Gavin not quite savvy enough to plug all the holes in an agreement, especially against these three. 

"Ah," Gavin began, reconsidering a few new possibilities. "Perhaps. But the Shae'goth are wholly separate from my dealings here."

Talov stroked his beard and caught Mourn's gaze, signing something to him even I did not understand, but the half-blood nodded, looking at the Pale Elf. Her face shifted to a firm stare I had seen in Jaunda sometimes when faced with necessary risk, and she nodded.

"Perhaps not," Mourn said. "As the summoner, you would defend us from the legendary cost of such a contract, correct?"

"Yes," Gavin answered, and by all anyone could tell, he was being truthful.

"But something of equal worth would have to be offered, to both you and them. I accept that."

Jael and I both narrowed our eyes at him; what was he getting at? Mourn ignored us and kept his gaze on Gavin, whose glance at me didn't lessen his wariness.

"Do you have something in mind?" Gavin asked.

Mourn nodded. "With any construction based on loyalty and incentive, there are those who at some point decide the payment is not worth their loyalty. Those outside who cross the Guild always pay a price, but those who *betray* the Guild from the inside do not live long past doing so.

"This is something we have been dealing with for three hundred years and always will with Humans, Dwarves, and Elves living their lives. The Grey Maiden could benefit by this inevitability, Gavin, as we could offer the Shae'goth to be the ones who hunt and kill those Guild gone rogue and claim them for Nyx, once given the name and permission by the Founders, for a set amount of time, as a beginning between us."

Jael's eyes were wide, as were mine. If Mourn had wanted something else that would add to his own fearful legend among the "Yun-gar" upon the Surface, especially in Yong-wen and Augran, this would certainly do it once his own Guild associated the hakgwei with their leaders. Assuming Gavin and Nyx accepted. If the Shae'goth accepted. 

It almost made the four leaders of the Ma'ab they wanted killed seem like an afterthought. It felt appropriate for someone who was half-Drow, and half-Dragon.

On the whole, I thought, looking to the other side, it could be very good for Gavin to have an ally in the Guild when I eventually left him, since I knew Mourn honored his contracts. With only a Tower, a horde of undead, and ghostly, feminine whispers in solitude, my necromancer may otherwise become more like Sarilis: a meddling loner separated from the world, with no real purpose other than to indulge himself and his mistress in his tinkering. As the puppet he might see himself at times.

The Guild would keep Gavin active and relevant to the current world as it changed, especially if my guess was correct in that "Nyx's boy" was now more like Cris-ri-phon in how long he could exist on this world. Mourn could live just as long. I approved of the half-blood's forethought.

"So, what say you?" Talov asked after a long pause as Gavin had been staring at a point on the far wall before returning to the Guild leaders. "Will ye discuss it? Gotta be a reason ye wanted to talk to us about these ghost hitters."

"Agreed, we have mutual targets," Krithannia added, proving the three were still on the same page. "You said so in the arrival chamber, Gavin."

The necromancer exhaled and brought his hands together, threading his fingers and resting his elbows on his thighs, frowning and closing his eyes. Perhaps he was trying to block them out to listen elsewhere, even just for a moment. Or he was praying.

Jael elbowed me and signed from a more private angle, *Why would a Noldor want a deal with death? The sun-hair could not even touch his bone in the temple!*

I smirked at the innuendo, intended or not, but answered, *The night-hair can touch it, and she deals in death already. She is also a scholar, like him, and he has knowledge she wants. A longer deal is in the Guild's benefit, given how Manalar fell.*

At least, to me, Mourn's library showed a hoarding of knowledge as much as treasure.

"Whacha sayin' over there?" Talov asked and we both dropped our hands to look at him.

"Private," I said.

"Yes, on that," Mourn said with some care. "I must say the same, Sirana."

I blinked in true surprise. "You jest."

"Be assured any deal we make now will not affect the one you already have with Deathwalker, nor will it be any alliance against you or your City. Will you leave so we may talk?"

"Gavin hasn't even said he will yet!"

"He has. He accepted while you were signing."

It must have been only a nod. I felt stunned. They were asking me to leave? Even Gavin? I looked at him.

"There is some danger in this," my mage said to me. "Being present at the summoning, especially if you have no intent to be part of the agreement, could do you or your Sister harm. And one part of you is still especially vulnerable than most of us to entering spirits."

Goddess damn it...he was going to bring up the baby? Again?
