 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

I mentioned back in Chapter 3 that it was a "talky" chapter. So is this one, but it is double the length. Please, take your time. :)

*****

I was not really used to peeking out of windows. The square or arched or even circular holes cut in the Surface shelters were an interesting concept when I thought about it. They could be covered with wooden shutters or glass or metal mesh; these covers could be removable, or sliding, or attached by hinges meant to swing them wide on nice days. They could also be permanent, a way to look out or breathe fresh air while still having that minimal boundary between the viewer and the outside.

It also seemed a fine way to frame oneself perfectly as a target. While it might be a fortunate alternate escape route once in a while, who would stand in front of one of these things just to watch the street?

"Think there is trouble?" Mourn murmured very low. 

He was still lying nude on the rumpled bed. I didn't know if his head still hurt as mine did, but I'd removed Shyntre's sapphire almost as soon as I could stand up, placing it with my equipment as I should have done the first time. The mercenary hadn't commented on my tentative gait as I waddled away—*Smart half-breed*—and he remained perfectly quiet as I had become aware of the window and the outside. My mind had felt oddly numb, my thoughts haphazard, and the window was a simple curiosity I could handle.

I shook my head now. "Not really. Just a lot of activity."

"You do not have to crouch on the floor."

I cast him a look. I had my finger tucked between the heavy canvas shade and the molding, lifting the former slightly to peer out through the glass into the night. There was no backlighting as there was no light source in our room, and I could see well enough. My field of vision was still restricted by the angle, however.

I said, "Either I crouch and be a short target, or I stand to the side and be a very long one."

The merc chuckled. "And this is so important you do not even take time to dress?"

"Until you take the time, I'm not worried." I looked outside again; there were so many lanterns, so much sound and movement. "Is the noise level normal for this area at night?"

"No. They are celebrating with music, dance, and drink in the street."

That sounded dangerous.

I squinted at him. "Celebrating what?"

"I am not certain," he admitted. "Could be seasonal, could be religious, political, or historical. There are times I can't keep up with the variances. Festivals are similar among Humans regardless of the occasion."

"Festivals," I repeated, sampling it. The word had the sound of the Common tongue, though we were speaking Drow.

"Would you like to see it directly?"

"My appearance would make that difficult. I don't have another potion and can't shift like you can."

I sensed him smile at the ceiling; it was evident in his voice. "Is that a yes?"

*Sigh.*

"Meaning this isn't a problem," I said.

"If you trust me to leave the room to send a message, Baenar, then it is not a problem."

"I don't have to trust you. You're under contract to keep me well and free."

"Indeed. I suspect you must cling hard to that every time you might be tempted to think otherwise."

"You try to rile me."

"Perhaps."

"You do. For two likely reasons."

"Which do you prefer to claim?"

"Both."

"I am listening."

There was a quiet moment as I listened to the music outside and took another peek. I was having trouble imagining what kinds of instruments could make those sounds. We had instruments back home, and there was probably similar form for similar function— those for striking a beat, those to pluck or strum, those to control one's breath—but no sound we cared to make underground ever sounded this vulnerable, this energetic or this...ecstatic? 

I wasn't sure that was the word I sought. But it was like a divine orgy without the sex and demons and blood, replaced almost entirely with song and group movement. People were laughing and crying out their calls for attention. Their singing wasn't that good as a collective—many were unpracticed or off in pitch—but it was enthusiastic.

"You rile me now because you understand how it engages me," I said. "That it arouses me."

"And?"

"You want to talk."

"We should talk. And you do not have to crouch on the floor."

At least he hadn't said I was huddling on the floor. That was more what it felt like to me, now that the numbness had begun to wear off at last. I was curled up on the floor, recovering after taking a metal rod to my head a few times before my cunt was fucked with it...

Well, no. It wasn't nearly that bad. My pussy felt swollen and plenty stretched; it was an odd feeling, engorged flesh regaining its usual shape a moment at a time, but I wasn't hurt. Mourn hadn't hurt me. I could even be good to do it again later on. My insides, as I subtly probed my abdomen again, had been shifted from their usual positions, but there were no sharp pains, no injuries. And the headache was my own damned fault; I could just be glad I'd avoided the nosebleed.

In the following silence, I reflected that mostly...mostly all that I remembered from our link were abstract thoughts. I had the clear image of Mourn's sire and his Matron-Priestess in my head, and also the recent, quite relevant memory of Gaelan. 

The rest was a blur. Impressions and fleeting emotions. Sometimes there hadn't even been anything visual to go with it what I'd heard or felt. I had been left with a sense of his essential mind, but not every detail or memory of his life. I just knew without doubt what kind of being Mourn saw himself.

He was Morixxyleth. He was balance, but not stasis. He was a rebalance or a counterbalance, as needed, but he never assumed parity or justice for all as that was not his goal. He was a natural adversary to the powerful, but not a champion for the weak unless it was by chance. He was still a mercenary and an assassin as he'd begun at his earliest, but one that had learned the value in trust and loyalty and charity, as long as the balance remained active between him and his allies. The children of the races were not to be preyed upon, born or unborn, and he did not break this rule. He did not rest much, and sometimes he had no choice but to do so.

I was well and truly afraid to consider how he saw me now. He'd called me a rare hybrid; he wasn't angry about the psionic tie though it had been without his consent or my control. So that meant he knew at least about Kain and Kerse, and why my aura was so warped. It answered questions for him. He knew about Auslan, too. Who else did he know? What else did he know? Had he added to the pile of male personas in my head?

I swallowed, feeling a tightness in my throat. Maybe Cris and Mourn both had changed my mind as well with those "wild magic" surges, when I'd lost part of my will in the moment, as I had with the Duergar and the Draegloth. Intense pleasure, agonizing pain; it seemed to have the same result.

Mourn had had almost five hundred years to figure out who he was; I could be sure he was balanced. I didn't know so well who I was. Not right now. I definitely wasn't balanced, and now he knew that.

Maybe I shouldn't have sex with magic users anymore. Or at least not while wearing the sapphire.

*Wait. Was that how it was?*

Who had I been with when I had been wearing it? My eyes narrowed in concentration. Kerse had ripped it off as he prepared his ritual. It had still been gone when I'd been placed with Auslan to heal, the gem waiting to be retrieved in the rubble by my Sisters. But with Shyntre and Jaunda and Rausery, yes, it had been around my neck. Jaunda and Rausery both hadn't even known a link had occurred, and Shyntre had given me no indication he'd experienced anything different, though he had been aware of the possibility at one point.

Cris-ri-phon? No, the sapphire had been with Mathias at the time. Bohai, I knew he was fine; I'd taken it off, and he was non-magical anyway. Yet with Mourn, I seemed to have gotten a little attached to it when I should have known better...

I shook my head. I felt like I needed Gavin's help; maybe he would see the pattern. Although... I'd apparently affected him as well, even without having sex with him. And I'd been wearing the blue stone then, too.

Maybe I did need a teacher, like the necromancer suggested. A Varasa. I didn't know what to do; there appeared to be no consistent rules though it wasn't completely random, and I was still changing. I wouldn't know how all this might affect my baby, either, until it was already done.

My forehead came in contact with the window frame as I considered how much longer I would wait before I eventually took Mourn's suggestion to talk. I was already thinking far too much anyway, then numbness was gone and my head throbbed. Would I wait for the headache to go away? For my knee to go numb against the floor or get a cramp in my foot?

When my stomach growled, I rolled my eyes upward. Or until it was time to eat.

Mourn had already begun to shift his form into his previous Noiri again, getting up from the bed to slip on the pants and shirt, both still damp but probably pleasantly cool in this room. He slipped on the boots he wore only while in Human form, or they'd never fit.

"I will get us something."

"And send the message for the illusion potion, if you would," I murmured.

He nodded once. "Secure the door behind me."

For a password, I suggested the Drow word for a tiny, albino frog native to the Underdark. 

While he was gone, I finally thought to "call" gently to my spiders, wherever they were in the room, and I soon spotted them in three different corners when they answered. They were content hunting, killing, and eating the termites and roaches of the inn; I decided to leave them be.

I had gotten off the floor and taken over the sex-scented bed, still naked, when Mourn finally returned to whisper to me. It had taken longer than I thought it should have and I was more anxious what else he had been doing, but I reminded myself that he would not be the cause of harm to me, if not because of our agreement then at least because of my unborn.

He would do no harm that he could prevent.

I hid behind the door while allowing him in, sniffing the hot food on the tray and instantly forgiving him the time he'd taken to run his errands. I pointed at the used bed as I secured the door; he quirked a Human brow but walked with me there so I could settle down and take the tray, placing it in front of me as I sat cross-legged and Mourn stripped down again, slowly shifting back to his hybrid form. I smiled, glad that I hadn't needed to ask; I preferred his birth form to the Human ones, by far.

We ate in silence, and my mercenary seemed to have endless patience and little need to push me to talk. He didn't need to; he had to know that I couldn't leave two particular topics unexplored.

"So, do you already know all about my City now?" I asked. My stomach was comfortably full of lake-food stew, bread, a helping of vegetables and a mound of seasoned bean paste with cheese, and lots of fresh, clean water. Now I was ready to talk.

Mourn shook his head. "No. But enough to substantiate what you told me yourself, through your own experience of it."

"Like what?"

"Your Noble House and the elder sister who was quite the sadist, even for Drow." He paused to pull a small fish bone from between his sharp teeth. "Though you never mentioned the demonblood hybrids in our talk of Priestesses."

I shrugged. "Intricate part of the power structure. Why would I?"

He grunted. I supposed it was an agreement.

"What do you know of them now exactly?" I asked.

Mourn shook his head. "Only your entanglement with the one whose name you know, but I received...impressions beyond that. Who he hated, to where he was trying to escape, why he intended to hurt you. But only as you know it. I knew there were others like him, brothers, and that he was the first to rebel. I know he is dead, and you are alive after suffering at his hands."

It seemed there was some pitch whining in my ears and I shook my head.

"So your city did not have them," I stated. "The Draegloth."

Mourn shook his head. "No. It's a disturbing agreement to have with the Abyss."

"Oh? Do you see much difference between paying either Demon or Dragon to use his cock upon command to seed us?"

He tilted his head a bit at my aggressive response. "Well...there is the volume to consider. How often denizens of the Abyss are called here. There are not many To'vah to bargain with at all."

I suddenly didn't want to continue this. I knew it was arbitrary, but I didn't care. I had limits, and that whole Draegloth plan wasn't my idea anyway. I chomped into a remaining purple root because it was there, chewing with gusto. "Tell it to the Valsharess."

He grinned suddenly, pulling apart bread between his taloned hands and offering me part of it. "Only take me there, Red Sister, and I will."

I scowled harder at him, tempted to refuse the food, but I took it just to be obstinate. "Fuck you."

He nodded and chuckled, fully expecting that response. "What of my past do you recall, other than meeting your Gaelan and knowing my true status within the Guild?"

I straightened, seeing her maddened eyes again in my head, forgetting to eat the bite in my hand. "Where did you take her? Who are the Wilder? You thought they might be able to help her."

Mourn shook his head, even though I'd already confessed the limit of my knowledge on that specific memory. "No. You answer next, I have given you what you asked. What else? Do not lie to me, Sirana."

I swallowed, not truly wanting to recall or remind him of his distress at being sold by his Father, or the others attacking him too soon, and too often, until finally—

"I saw your first meeting with your Aunt-Matron, your separation from...Lethrix." I paused to let him react, if he was going to.

He did. He looked disturbed.

"I don't know where he is," I told him. "I know what he looks and sounds and smells like. I would recognize him, if I were to meet him."

Mourn nodded. "Anything else?"

"When and how you killed your Matron," I muttered.

He hissed softly, golden eyes shifting to the side and narrowing before he looked back. His vertical pupils had expanded and he looked intense. "You will not share that with anyone."

I met his intensity and tone easily. "And you... won't say *that* name aloud again."

"Agreed." His voice rumbled deeply, definitely a growl. "And you?"

"I won't share the details of that killing."

He nodded once. "Anything else you know?"

I let out a breath. "Just...impressions. As you said. I know I can...believe you are what you say you are."

Mourn smirked. "And I can trust you in what we shall attempt. You have no motive except to succeed as you have stated. To get Jael back."

I nodded, pausing. "Do you still want to hear about the shared dreams as your payment?"

The hybrid nodded immediately. "Yes. I know now those are real."

I looked down and finally remembered the piece of bread in my hand, and I took a bite. Mourn demonstrated his calm enough to take another bite of his meal as well. It was a good way to draw a truce.

"So...what do you know about the 'sire of my child'?"

The mercenary gave that his usual deliberate thought. "He is one of the two males 'back home' whom you think about. You call him the Consort Auslan, though it is not his birth name, and he is a healer and a visionary." Mourn took a moment to eat more of his fish soup. "A very unusual Baenar. He must have protectors, or else he would have been killed and consumed long ago."

I nodded. Auslan still could be "killed and consumed" even now. D'Shea was protecting him now, though, at least I knew that much. She was using him, and Shyntre...but it had been to talk to me. My Elder would protect them as she could; I couldn't be anything except content with that, given how far away I was and could do nothing about it myself.

Would they contact me again? Would it be at a particularly bad time, given what I was about to do? Was Shyntre with the Valsharess, then, or not? Was the attempt to contact me by the queen's order? That was...worrisome in some way that was hard to pin down.

All my Elder had said was to confirm the fate of my Sisters, as I could. And to return to the Underdark. That was it.

"What troubles you, Sirana?" Mourn asked. He'd been watching most carefully.

I shook my head slightly. My mouth was too dry for the rest of the bread. "When I go back...there is no way I can keep him, or the other male that I... or..." I stopped, took a breath. "I have nothing tangible, no wealth or home, no connections but the Sisterhood. No way to compete for or support my own male consorts. If any powerful female decides she wants them, I can only watch as they go to serve another female elsewhere. I belong with the Red Sisters, I love my function, but..."

The half-breed tilted his head. "It would be hard to watch this?"

I nodded. "Unless I willed not to, as they moved place to place, until we were killed. What happened to them would ultimately be out of my hands, and if I took any action, I could only do as well as the most powerful female who supported my ideas or requests. That is, only if it was beneficial to her and I could pay her price. Plus, she would know my weak spot, which would bind me to her, or it may threaten my place as a Red Sister having that weakness. Also, my males would change with their fate and treatment, and we could become enemies as much as anything else..."

When I stopped talking, I realized I had certainly made my own case that it would be better for all of our welfare to just forget about them.

"Do you not expect any you know to become an enemy?" Mourn asked.

"Well..." I shrugged. "Yes, but some...only to a point. Sometimes it's better to remain allies, if it's balanced."

Mourn nodded. "A question, if I may?"

I gestured for him to go forward as I breathed out some tension.

"Let us say you return soon enough to give birth in the Underdark, as you wish to do. What would happen to your child, if you are part of a barracks?"

I knew my left hand started shaking before I stopped it by clenching, and the only emotion I was aware of was...hate. "The Priestesses would adopt her. Or him."

Mourn's ears tilted back and his eyes narrowed; I felt his aura swell and leaned back instinctively. The tip of his tail slapped almost by reflex against the sheets. "No."

I blinked and felt an unexpected bubble of laughter rise up at that. If I hadn't quashed it, I might have sounded a little off. "No? What possible consequence could your opinion have in that circumstance, Mourn?"

The half-dragon breathed out slowly; his tail still flicked now and then but he calmed down and nodded. "Forgive me, you are right. However, I cannot imagine any fate worse for a Drow youth than that. It was my fate, and I know you do not want it for your offspring."

No. No, I didn't. But I did not see a solution, except...maybe to give the child to someone else of my choice, and it would have to be outside of my City. The only two options even within possibility in this moment were Cris-ri-phon or the Guild. Mourn or Brom. And I'd have to stay up here for much longer to give birth before going back.

The sorcerer wasn't truly a serious option in my mind; I knew with him would be slavery for the infant as much as with the Priestesses. In that case, I might as well give my baby to the Sanctuary, as at least I would be nearby. I just didn't doubt that Cris would accept a Drow infant, if offered. He already thought the baby I carried was his blood.
