 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2014.

And now for the fight to reclaim Manalar! Thank you for your patience, this chapter took longer to write because I just checked: it is yet another record-breaker. 

Welcome to the NEW "Longest Chapter" of the series. Enjoy!

*******

Surfacing Chapter 21

"So," the out-spoken, burly, redheaded Templar said, "if the Hellhound's commander can undo all of your creations, what point is there in bringing these three back as your abominations?"

The Templar got several looks from others, but I spoke first.

"What is your name, redbeard?" I eased myself to my feet with Mourn just behind me. I knew he was watching how steady I was after hitting my head, but at least he didn't have his hands held out so obviously ready to catch me.

Redbeard blinked and frowned at me. "Sir Eric, lady."

I grinned, even though my head still throbbed enough that it had to be a bit forced. "Lady? Is that what you call me in your mind?"

Sir Eric puffed up a bit as he and most of his brothers seemed to take this as a threat. I realized too late that as they had been watching me and Gavin and, assuming they had eyes and ears that worked at all, they would have realized that I could do something within the same nature as his own Captain, who had more or less just shown his Templars that he was fully aware of my ability and was even providing advice.

The big Templar spoke quite deliberately. "What I think inside my own skull is none of your concern. Lady."

Yes. He was threatened. I hadn't intended to heighten his wariness, it had been a flippant remark akin to what I would've said to Kurn. Sir Eric perhaps had a thing or two in common with him, in that he was a talker. Like me.

"In that case," I said, "I am Red Sister Sirana, Sir Eric. Not 'lady.'"

I flicked my eyes to Isboern, who nodded subtly in approval. I heard then, gentle is an evening breeze against my mind, *Promise them privacy. Then act on it.*

*I am not going to be dancing around inside their thoughts on a whim, it makes my head hurt and there is always a cost.*

*I know, and I am glad to hear you say that. Just make an oath, Sirana, that will be enough.*

I doubted that an oath from me would carry the same weight as an oath from the blond Human Man in that shiny armor.

"And you have my promise, Sir Eric, and all of you Templars," I continued after only the briefest of pauses, "I will not be reading your thoughts for something so trivial as what names you call me in private."

That was not quite the promise that Isboern had asked for, I knew, but I wasn't done. I indicated the Godblood with my open hand. "The Guild as a whole has already promised not to interfere between your Captain and yourselves. That includes magic, and our arrangement with him affords you protection from mental invasion from any of us."

Mourn and Krithannia helped me out by nodding sagely at this. "This is so, Templars. It is part of the contract."

Sir Eric and the others looked to their Captain, who also nodded. "This was discussed when I hired them. Sister Sirana was teasing you, Eric, because none of you have called her anything until now. She is not usually blatantly ignored, her skills are valuable."

"She is..." The big redhead looked at all of us, nothing in our appearances giving him any comfort. 

What was he going to say? Not Human? Female? A demoness?

"Very outspoken," he finished.

Ha!

"So are you, sir Templar," I chuckled. "And I prefer my males on the quiet side."

Not at all true –Shyntre was his most infuriating when he refused to speak – but it worked for me here and now just to see Sir Eric's expression.

Isboern raised his gauntleted hand and looked sternly both of us. "You have each been raised to speak your minds without fear of belittlement. I must advise that you, Sir Eric, and all of my Templars, take this into your minds now, if you have not already. The four Elf women with us will function the same as you in this situation. You had best forget, for all our sakes, that they have breasts. They will speak as they must, and they are worth listening to."

"What if the Hellhounds capture them?" one of the dark-haired Templars asked. "They will violate them."

It took that full, pregnant moment for me to realize that the Human had stated that as a fate worse than death.

"Personally, I am more concerned about being gutted or having my head caved in," I said.

Sir Eric gave me an odd look. "Which is sure to happen afterward, but any lady I know would prefer not to be tortured first."

I returned that odd look. "Just as you might prefer to skip having your fingernails ripped off and teeth broken out prior to being gutted, yes?"

Krithannia had started chuckling and I hoped it was because of the look on the Templar's face.

"Dead is dead," I insisted. "Why should it matter to you whether they fucked us first? The same could happen to you, but if you are dead then it is no longer a concern."

Tamuril had turned toward the wall and I couldn't see her expression but Isboern, interestingly enough, was letting this play out. He watched and listened but probably had part of his attention—if not part of his thoughts— with the blonde Elf.

"The same could happen to us?" one of the Templars repeated incredulously. "We are men."

He stopped as if that completed his argument. Jael and I looked at each other in amazement just before she snorted in laughter, shifting her weight and loosening up as if prepping for a fist fight or wrestling match. 

"Either you have some enchanted loincloth protecting your male bits beneath that armor or you can clench hard enough to form precious stones in your netherhole."

The mental imagery had me doubled over in a huge guffaw, but it did not last long enough to release the tension as I saw their expressions, amusing as they might appear at first glance. They *did* assume that rape was an impossibility for them... and suggesting otherwise was insulting enough that it looks like they wanted to fight us. 

Not good. 

"At attention," Isboern said immediately in a voice that brooked no discussion.

I nudged my Sister to stop her laughing and straighten up as well, although both of us looked them over for weak spots and imagining their reaction if someone tried to violate them. Exactly as Red Sisters were trained to do. 

They would probably become murderous, like Kurn, and lose the upper hand altogether in any struggle. No way they could keep their calm and outsmart or outlast their attacker.

And should one survive it...?

"Given that these Ma'ab do not follow anything near your code," I said, "you had best not assume or get distracted by any idea that one of them sticking their cock in a hole is the worst that could happen, or that it is a fate fit only for me and my sisters."

More than one Templar was flustered and still in denial of the truth behind my words. It would be easy to say that myself and Jael, possibly Krithannia and even Tamuril would come out much stronger of mind than any "man" of Manalar. Given the chains and vomit spells and any number of things Kreshel could throw at us in a pitched battle, I did not understand why they would let the mental image of a rage fuck on one of us get to them more than anything else that could happen.

"Yes, now you have made your point," Captain Isboern said firmly and clearly asking us to not antagonize his Men beyond this limit. Then he looked at Sir Eric, his blue eyes appraising the others. "Do you understand? They are here to fight as you are. I know it is against your natures, but we cannot afford your distraction if you think these four women cannot take care of themselves. As with any ally, help them if you can, and they will help you, the better so that we may all to survive. But do not forget why we are here."

"Easier said than done, Captain," a younger blonde said with his heavy accent.

"I am asking you to make it so, Sir Justin," Isboern said more softly, looking directly at his Templar. "To help assure our victory."

"The Hellhounds will use them against us," another said stubbornly.

"They will use anything that you care about against you given an opening," Mourn rumbled, his deep voice capturing their attention. I wished I could do that. "Your fellow soldiers, your city, your symbols, your rituals, your habits, your skills and your will. The females fighting for the Guild are only one of many possible targets that you will have to defend against so they will not get the upper hand. Krithannia, Sirana, and Jael have all been trained to defend against this and not sacrifice their objectives for fear of violation or death. Tamuril has also pledged her service to your Godblood."

None of the Templars responded directly to the Guild's field leader, but they seemed to think about it and looked again to their Captain, who smiled in a peaceful way of his. I don't know exactly what the blond Man did, if anything, but the Templars seemed to calm down and consider what had been said despite the upset the Drow had caused in their minds.

"We must know each other better. I would ask each of you to tell these women your name," Isboern said then. "And say each of hers aloud as well. You should use their *names,* not think of them as merely ladies who must be protected and are a weak spot for you. That is not acceptable here."

"Indeed. Perhaps this was something that we should have done last night," Krithannia said with a lovely smile. "You know my name, I am Krithannia of the Guild, and I have seen and survived many fights for longer than any of you have been alive, except for Mourn. I will have your back, Captain and our Templar allies, because that is why I am here."

A few of the Templars seemed almost hypnotized looking at her face, one swallowed while a few others nodded. Sir Eric tried mumbling, "Krith-Anna." A few others followed suit and both Isboern and Mourn nodded in approval.

Our two Guild leaders then both looked at Jael, and Mourn signed to her. She rolled her bright red eyes and tried to use them to pin the Human Men across the room.

"I am Jael," she said with all the arrogance of her youth. "More than two decades of hard training and endurance. Believe me, I can and will fight. Probably better than you."

A few of our allies widened their eyes to hear that she had been fighting for twenty years and yet she looked to be youngest of all of us and with the over-confident, bragging attitude to match. One or two tried to smile at this but it did not stay as she stared at each of them in turn. After a few more moments, they looked at me.

"Sirana, as I have said. And I have more than four decades of hard training. I can fight and I can also link with other minds as your Captain can."

Two Templars could not help but make a gesture of protection across their chest and face when I said that. Four decades was probably longer than most of them had been alive. They had less of a reaction with Krithannia not giving a specific amount of time; but then, I almost figured that admitting to four centuries could actually make them panic or pass out.

"Now you do the same," Isboern said before they could dwell on this too much longer. "Sir Eric, please go first."

So. What we had here were nine Men between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-three, all of them having joined the Army of Musanlo at some point in time before finding their way in service to a persuasive and rising star within their military just over the last few years, where negotiation and fulfilled promises of protection and justice earned the trust of more of the surrounding provinces of Manalar than the actual city itself. They had Eric and Justin, I noted, but also Esben, Aino, Daniel, Vidar, Rafe, Stefan, and Torben.

"I will never remember each of those," Jael whispered to me in Drow.

I smirked. "Try. What Godblood said applies to us as well: if you can help them, do. The more of them that live, the more likely you will live."

"If I can," she repeated but nodded.

Mourn's tail moved a bit and I saw him glance at us but he said nothing. Instead he looked down where Gavin still sat in deep thought with his back against the wall. The necromancer seemed to be ignoring us for the most part, but when we stopped talking he did look up and realized that a couple of us were looking at him.

"Are you finished?" he asked deadpan.

My shoulders shook in a silent snicker. "So do you still plan to bring these three Hellhounds back to serve you, if Divigna can simply stop them when he wishes?"

Gavin nodded without hesitation, and everyone listened with their full attention. "This is unexpected but not insurmountable. I am not certain how Divigna can destroy undead, but I do not see how he would be allowed to possess such an ability and still draw breath. Many in the upper echelons of their Empire are undead and would not feel at ease with the commander of the Hellhounds able to slay them at any time, regardless of how loyal he is. It is likely a charm or some other object given to him for this task alone."

"And therefore is something that can be taken away," Mourn added, nodding. "You may be able to sense it, yes?"

"Probably." Gavin looked at Tamuril. "If not me, then perhaps the Druid or the Captain."

"Why do you think so?" Krithannia asked.

"Most likely the charm would be made with death magic." Gavin tilted his head a bit, still looking at Tamuril and making her uneasy. "But if it is not, then the only other option is life magic. In other words, healing. Indeed a rare thing among the Ma'ab."

Healing with life magic. I resisted the urge to touch my stomach. It was almost a pity that Auslan wasn't here. Almost.

I jest. Even in the Red Sister Cloister, he was safer than here...

"Can this commander use this supposed 'charm' against you, not just your creations?" Sir Eric asked, clearly thinking on this now that I wasn't interfering. "Could he destroy you with it?"

Gavin shook his head. "I am not undead, Sir Eric."

There was a look on quite a few faces that asked, "Wasn't he?" Including my Sister. Gavin truly did look the part, and everyone here had seen him burned to a crisp in the Temple and then stand back up when the rift to the land of the dead open up. Gavin did not enjoy being looked at in this way and sounded less patient when next he spoke.

"You have seen me eat and drink, and sleep. I assure you that the undead do none of these things."

"Then what are you, Master Gavin?" Rafe said with careful respect.

I had asked my ally that very question back at the retreat. He had told me that he did not know.

"He is a mage in service to the lady of death," Isboern said, again trying to help translate for his men in terms they could understand. "The appearance of a mage can change if he pledges himself to a power greater than him."

Two of them, Stefan and Esben, I thought, could not help but look offended. Stefan blurted, "What greater power is there to pledge oneself than to Musanlo? Any others are pacts which cannot be trusted."

"We will not debate this," the Captain said firmly, holding his men's eyes until their body language eased in obedience. "It will interfere with our mission. Gavin serves the Maiden of Shrouds, she who was once worshiped in our fair city just under Musanlo Himself, long before the Bishops seized control. This is the return of a former ally of Musanlo, and she will help us again when we most need it."

I admit I loved watching so many jaws drop at this. I glanced at my mage and he seemed slightly surprised that the Godblood had told his men directly about the past of their own church.

"Has the Sun God told you this, Captain?" Daniel said in awe.

"Yes, in meditation, while I waited for you to join me at the retreat." Isboern looked around to each of them. "You're the first to hear this message and I trust you to hold true but do not share it until it is the right time for our people. It is one of the great reasons why we must get Manalar back. Musanlo is the sun that warms our land and makes life possible. Once he had others helping him, but he lost them through trickery. 

"We have this chance to rebuild an old alliance, and our success in reclaiming Manalar will be the proof that we may build upon an older tradition of combining our strengths, rather than trying to defend against all around us, isolated and alone. Each of you have told me this very thing, that this is what unsettled you most with the Bishops in control. We are alone fighting against the world." 

Isboern paused. "And as we are alone, thus so is our God. He needs allies, and we need Gavin's help with the Guild, and the help of his patroness. We can no longer afford to be suspicious of everyone who is different from us. Let their actions and their character speak truly who and what they are. This is your first test, Templars, you must trust me to have these women fight with us as one of our own, and we must trust Master Gavin, as he has the knowledge and ability to help turn the tide against the Ma'ab and any of their undead tricks."

I caught Mourn and Krithannia each cracking a very small smile as they glanced at each other, the half-blood standing above everyone else with his arms crossed, and her slightly in front of him on his left with her hands on her hips. It was notable as well that Isboern kept his word and did not bring up dragons even though his men might feel more comfortable around that legend than the lady of death or warrior women from foreign lands.

I did not have to read their thoughts to know that the Guild leaders were once again pleased with their choice of the Man who would rebuild Manalar. Assuming he survived, of course. He could be the prime target, I knew, and it was a little difficult to temper my confidence in a Varasa who had the blessing of major powers behind him, both physical and metaphysical. I could feel that collective confidence in all of us swell and fill the small, underground space like an invisible puffer fish.

Isboern took that moment and nodded to Gavin. "Do as you must, messenger."

*****

"Almost there," I whispered as I twisted the greased ring slowly around Tamuril's knuckle in one direction while keeping a steady pull on it.

Her knuckle was turning bright red from the agitation but she kept silent, pursing her lips, to let me work at it. Mourn and Jael stood in silence with their eyes constantly scanning; we would be leaving this spot as soon as we could.

"Tell me again why you could not do this in the bunker?" I asked. "Perhaps you could've asked Willven for help, he may even have been able to take it off with his mind."

I genuinely hoped that she would blush; I knew that she hadn't wanted Isboern to see the stuck ring for some reason. She made eye contact with the defiance that made my stomach flutter and it was a sorry comparison for the damaged forest that her eye color was the brightest green for miles around.

"It is your ring, Sirana, you take it back." 

No blush, but the emerald spark of temper was just as good. I grinned and concentrated on removing Callitro's ring entirely from her finger. Once it was off I set about wiping it clean with one of my small cloths before handing it to Tamuril for her to use. She sighed very softly as she did so, some of the tension leaving her shoulders.

"I still don't think it was my ring that caused your spell to grow into the Hellhound instead of simply around it," I said, letting my eyes shift from Tamuril's frown to Mourn's interested glance. "I felt some kind of surge at the moment the arrow was released and it reminded me of a shared aura. It has been happening a lot lately. If the Ley line of this place has been deeply affected by the spoiling of the pool and the rift just sealed, who is to say if something unexpected will not happen using magic, especially if we are all very close to each other?"
