 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

This is a "slow pan to the left" chapter to start with; lots of characters interaction-oh-so-necessary so dangling threads don't come undone, but I would get a nice cup of tea and relax somewhere comfy if I were you. :-) (In fact, I drank several cups of tea and coffee, writing and editing this...)

*****

An older female at Court once told me there was a certain amount of time that one should wait after an orgasm before moving. Not even to clean up, even if it meant lying in a sticky mess, in order to get its full rejuvenation benefit. Stay languid up to a full mark, she said. 

Of course, she was also the same one who told me raw bubble-salamander eggs were a potent aphrodisiac for males, but the three I'd seen try it all needed a sick bowl or spent far too much time scratching their skin.

Still, I wouldn't have minded hanging there in a happy buzz for a little longer even as I lifted my hips so the big male under me could withdraw, and I imagined the thick jizz I squeezed out of my swollen, ruffled slit now dripping and splattering onto some unsuspecting creature on the ground four stories below me. Preferably one in armor.

It would have been funny.

Mourn sighed in a deep exhale which mussed my hair further as he rubbed a rough palm along the outside of my thigh. His tail and other arm both still held me secure to his chest. "Thank you."

I cracked open an eye and looked back. "I thought this was your 'gift.'"

"Which you did not have to accept."

"At the cost of missing out."

"You're welcome."

Jael chuckled, by now having planted her feet firmly on the balcony, bent at the waist over the railing as she rested on her forearms. She looked down. "I don't suppose anyone was walking beneath us just now?"

"No," Mourn said with certainty.

"A shame," she said. "A good show, and post-performance refreshment. Just open look up and stick out their tongue."

Mourn made an odd huffing sound which I could not tell whether it was laughter or chastisement, mainly because I had filled my ears with my own guffaw. There we were, my Sister and I, in the same gutter again. Though I had imagined mine possibly making a nice, white "sploot!" dead center in somebody's hair rather than their tongue.

"Now that you are awake," he said to Jael, "we should check on Tamuril."

"Why? Krithannia has her."

"And the singing is lessening," Mourn said as he shifted me off his lap to the other side. "We should be dressed and present when the ritual finishes."

"What if they all just want to sleep?" I asked, eager to gain my feet on solid ground.

"Then that is what they should do. All the same, time is short."

Something about "time is short" seemed to strike my Sister's memory right then, coming back to her like an unwelcome dream. She looked at me. "Oh. Yes, Sirana, did you tell him?"

I lifted my brows a bit at her and shrugged when Mourn finally stood from the railing and looked expectantly at me.

"About Divigna," she said sternly. "We need to leave soon."

Oh, fuck Lolth's tits...

"No, but—" I looked at Mourn's expression; there was no putting him off. "Um. Alright, short version. You remember I said Divigna's older than I am, and that they captured a Drow Priestess, which is why they had her Draegloth with them?"

He nodded slowly, keeping his eyes on me.

"They are connected. Divigna is living on the time taken from our Drow Priestess."

He was skeptical. "How?"

I shrugged uncomfortably. Kreshel hadn't exactly been lucid at that point. "I don't know...some kind of transference between them."

Mourn narrowed his eyes in thought. "He was unique among the Ma'ab?"

I nodded.

"Unless they get another Drow with life magic," Jael said.

Yes. That's one ingredient they just didn't have.

The hybrid looked at my stomach the same moment my Sister did. "Explains the witch's eagerness when she saw you."

"Right," I said, then blinked. "Wait. How do you know that?"

"Krithannia was giving regular updates through her pearl."

*Oh, right...*

"And, of course, they can raise and question Divigna," Mourn rumbled.

"A bit worse than that," I said. "We didn't destroy him like he asked us to."

The hybrid gave me a strange look. "He...asked?"

I shook my head as if getting a bug out of my ear. "Sorry, I mean... He tried to tell me. Divigna did. In a mindlink. If we didn't destroy the thing which makes him live for his mistresses, then he would be required to capture take me North with him. Beating up his body wasn't enough to stop him for good. But... I don't know how long it takes to revive him, or to send him back here."

"You are certain about this information."

"We were a hand-span apart, Mourn. He talked to me and I linked with him."

The Guild Leader frowned and looked around the ruins of the city. Maybe he was thinking the same thing I was, that it was still very vulnerable. Who could really afford fighting off more raids of any kind, from anyone, long enough to rebuild anything unless more people showed up pretty damned quickly?

Unless that was why Captain Isboern had been so focused on reviving the pool, first and foremost.

"Maybe Gavin knows how long it takes?" Jael asked.

Oh, yes. And then there was Gavin.

"Yes, alright," I said as I realized the singing had softened even more to be barely audible. "We need to get dressed now."

******

Krithannia was of the same mind, for as we crawled down to that four story window, we found her already redressed with her hair redone as well as could be expected without a comb. She spoke with a conscious Tamuril, who seemed more sluggish and was half-covered with only her shirt on.

This left her hips and blonde bush and those long legs exposed to my gaze. Her hair looked like she had just rolled out of reverie. I made the attempt to burn that image permanently into my memory. Doubly so when she looked at us reentering the room through the window and blushed; it put a grin on all of our faces as we collected our clothes.

As Mourn had been the first naked, so too was he the first dressed; all he had to do was put his pants back on. His harness and tools, which he taken off to dive into the pool, were still back down in the main chamber. I recalled his challenge before about attempting to go through his things without his knowledge and about his knowing the taste of everything metal he possessed, so while Mourn could've left right then to collect them, he stayed long enough to nudge Graul off his cloak and onto his shoulder and wait on us.

He watched me as I struggled more than the others. My sapphire was the first thing on again, but my clothes were still very wet and had the holes from the battle which threatened to get bigger if I wriggled too hard back into it. It was bad enough the manner in which they been taken off.

"Allow me, Sirana, I can help."

I looked up from turning my shirt and pants right side in. "What?"

He crouched down and lightly touched his finger and claw to my shirt. "Winid, thric pabh."

We all felt a small pulse of magic, and I blinked as my shirt warmed enough to soon be quite dry, as if I hung it near a fire. Before my eyes, the threads were mending themselves, closing the holes. He did the same for my leather pants, my boots, and my sopping wet cloak.

"What is it?" Jael asked, just putting on her second boot. "What did he do?"

"Assured she won't catch cold," Krithannia said with a smile.

It was a very difficult luxury to describe: putting on those clothes will they were still so warm. The heat was sucked in by my skin and I just wanted to sit down and focus on that sensation for a while.

"Ohhh," I groaned with a drunken smile as it started to dissipate. "How much do I owe you?"

Mourn smirked at my jest, quirking an eyebrow. "No bargain, no charge. This time."

Oh yes, that was going to come up a few more times on our way up North. I would have to get an idea exactly how much thirty pieces of silver was worth from one of the other Guildsmen. Small trades here and there, especially for coin, would probably put the Dragon in him at ease, even while we figured out just what would happen with my Sister and me.

My spiders patiently guarded the door to this room and I collected them only as we left. They were secure before I fell a little behind and looked to meet Tamuril's gaze; it took a moment for her to look up and see me, but I winked at her and kept my grin as she moved closer to Krithannia. Still replaying certain memories, no doubt. At least the Drow ones were more pleasant this time around.

We reentered the grand chamber and headed toward the pool where - as far as I could tell - our equipment remained where we had dropped it. The splashed water was nearly gone and we saw that some of the runes closest to the edge of the pool had reformed themselves while the ones further out were still damaged.

The dwarves and Guildsmen had all lain down and were asleep. The Templars and the Manalara women weaved with exhaustion on their knees, but they were still up, mostly humming with the spoken word of their song here and there. Deshi and Isboern were unconscious, and Gavin and Pilla had not returned.

I glanced at Mourn and Krithannia as the hybrid swiftly donned his weapons harness and tools. Jael and I took the hint to at least put on our belts. Then we looked at each other. Were we supposed to interrupt?

*Check the Captain,* the Guildmistress signed to me and Mourn. *Tamuril and I will check Deshi.*

Neither of them lay upon any closed runes, so we were probably okay doing that much. Tamuril resisted her sister when she dragged her past the Godblood and the Guildmistress hissed and made a gesture with her free hand which I didn't recognize but the Druid seemed to. The blonde looked unhappy for a moment but soon turned her focus to the Harrowed.

In turn, Mourn used his body to block my view of Deshi and the two Noldor as I knelt down next to Isboern with Jael to my right. He checked the Man's pulse and nodded at me, indicating the Captain.

"You act like I should do something specific," I said.

He nodded. "Your aura is the calmest I have seen it for some time. Keep that calm and touch him."

"Where?"

"Perhaps his forehead. His face."

That was the only place showing skin, yes. I removed a glove again and tentatively placed my palm on the Varasa's forehead. It was cool and clammy, not what I expected from someone who had just housed a fraction of the Sun God not that long ago. I noted the evidence of the bleeding earlier, how much of it had stained his blond hair to be more orange.

I didn't feel anything. Just cold, sweaty skin.

"Maybe he just needs to sleep it off?" Jael asked.

Mourn shook his head. "He has a concussion. We should help him wake, so he does not slip into a psionic coma."

"We didn't exactly help him before," she said. "We were too randy."

"I assured he wouldn't drown, and Tamuril healed what she could under stress, stopped the bleeding. And yes, we needed comfort as well." He looked at me. "And now we can do more. Try calling him awake, Sirana, it is better if his Templars come out of the trance with him conscious."

Calling him awake. Right.

I held on to my sapphire with my other hand as I kept my palm on the damp skin, fiddling with it as a tray to think what to do. I wasn't going to try lust or pain, not on this Man, and Mourn had even explicitly mentioned that my aura was "calm."

Calling him awake. He had done that for me, hadn't he? When I was so deep inside my head, in that "quiet place," where I wasn't aware of anything around me and the others had been concerned enough that Isboern came in after me.

I supposed he had called me awake. And he hadn't done so roughly. He had stepped into my periphery and politely asked for an invitation to come closer. When I had given it, he only sat down and talked with me. Told me about himself. Eventually I was curious enough to come back out into the world.

Biting my lip in concentration, I closed my eyes and tried not to be conscious of being watched while I searched for that quiet spot.

*Godblood?*

Not there. Everything was dark, and there was a wall.

*Captain Isboern?*

That was a bit better. I glimpsed something shine a bit like polished armor.

*Willven?"

I received the mental impression that he looked up, hearing his name.

*Willven, may I come in?*

No.

His first answer was no.

*Willven.*

I hovered there in that in-between place, unconsciously smoothing my thumb over his damp eyebrow while my other hand grew very warm. I felt lighter, like I was floating but not like I was headed anywhere. More like I was on the side of the cliff with no wind waiting for a door to open. Honestly, if he didn't want to talk to me there was no way I would be able to force it. 

So calm. Just stay calm.

*Willven. If you have any love left for Tami or this world, you will answer the damned door.*

Such a simple challenge and not one which really needed any proof, but he took it anyway and would not let it stand. He opened the door.

*Come in, Sirana.*

His quiet place seemed to have more detail than mine did. It was the inside of a Surface dwelling, a simple construction made of cut wood and various hard pastes. There was a hearth with a warm fire burning, and in one corner it workshop with quite a few tools against one wall with specific purposes for building, hunting, farming, and deconstructing. There was a bed in the darkest corner and a cradle in the one opposite, but he sat in a sturdy, padded rocking chair in the middle, before the fire, with the back tall enough that he could rest his head when he was too weak to hold it up. There were no windows.

After letting me in and closing the door, he returned to his chair in front of the fire, turning it to his left so that we could see each other equally in the firelight. He had been weeping hard enough that the whites of his eyes were red, as was the skin around them.

"Forgive me that I don't have another chair to offer you," he said hoarsely. "But you could lean against the worktable, if you wish."

I thought this the strangest thing to say. The psychic environment was the most fluid one that I knew of. I wasn't really standing, just as there could be a spare chair available with a thought. Willven had decided not to create one. I got it.

I leaned against the worktable, leaving a couple long strides between us. Crossing my arms, I watched him. And I glanced at the cradle.

"You were remembering your son."

"Remembering, and mourning him." Willven took a deep breath and let it out, resting on his elbows. "As I... have not had time to do since Tamuril came to confess what happened to him."

I tried not to wince. "Ah. Yes."

Willven readily speared me with his blue, Human eyes. "Yes. She only told me the rest after you and Jael helped to heal her scars. She was so afraid that I would reject her the same way her people did. She still feels responsible for not curing my son's illness, for not saving him." His voice became angrier as he spoke, but not to the point he raised his voice at me. "Instead she had to see me, for the first time in three years, to tell me he was dead. And you were well aware. Someone you know caused all that. The Red Sister probably did not think twice about Tami after she was finished, did she?"

"No, she didn't," I replied, resisting the heavy, accusing weight of his gaze. "And she would never apologize. She did her duty: she protected our borders. Used fear and power tactics to spread stories and to intimidate. Sound familiar?"

Willven narrowed his eyes slightly, but he nodded an affirmative. "Her view of the world is small. She defends it in the only way she knows."

"We were lucky," I said. "She could have killed Tamuril. She didn't."

"Lucky," he repeated, his head dropping a bit. "Indeed. Why did the Red Sister spare her?"

"You know. A survivor is always better when you send a message. Nothing more."

Willven rubbed his jaw and breathed again as if to calm himself. "Speaking of sending a message... Is it true you had no idea who Gavin served with you allied with him?"

I frowned in confusion. "I never said that."

"When Jael poisoned me," he said in response, "in my delirium, you arrived to dangle in front of me what I'd been searching for—the whole reason I left my wife and son. Do you remember that moment?"

I nodded hesitantly.

"You had it, and you didn't even know who it was you held by your side," Willven said. "You can't have known Gavin for what he was."

I shrugged. "Gavin didn't look like he does now, and I think we all heard it, Nyx was hiding him until—"

"Until you came to destroy the city I was trying to save."

"Well." I paused. "We already discussed that part. You helped us."

His expression implied he didn't know whether to laugh or scoff. "But the Drow came after me. Not Gavin. You just wandered into an alliance with him, but Jael was sent to assassinate me. Someone knew what I was, or suspected."

I switched the weight on my feet, crossing right over left, and loosely crossed my arms. "Fairly obvious, isn't it? Our Valsharess sent us."

Willven folded his hands together and pressed them to his mouth, elbows on his knees. "Do you think she knows about Gavin?"

I frowned. "I was supposed to kill the necromancer at the Tower. She specifically said it was the one who had helped a predecessor of mine, the old one. I don't think she knew there was a younger one there as well. I was sent to find Mourn."

He looked at me strangely. "To assassinate him?"

"No. Learn about him."

"It seems you have accomplished that goal."

I smirked, deciding not to answer the implied question. It wasn't his business.

Willven shook his head as he set that aside for something which concerned him more. "What about Ta'suil? If he is in the same place with your Valsharess, what is his situation? At least, what was it when you left?"

Precarious. I didn't even have to say anything; the Man could read that in my expression, or maybe he lifted the thought, or the feeling. 

He pursed his lips. "Will you or won't you go back for him, Sirana?"

"Don't you try to corner me into another oath," I snapped. "Going back for him doesn't do any good if I have no way to get him out and evade pursuers. And right now, I have no way. Certainly not in the short time which may yet force me to decide between him and my unborn! You do not truly know what my people can be like."

"But," he said, wavering some at the mention of possibly sacrificing a child, "you understand the importance. After all that you saw—"

I hopped on that. "So you *do* remember what happened after you pulled Gavin into the sacred pool."

Willven was still for a few moments. I expected him to shove us back toward the debate at hand, but instead, cautiously, he nodded. 

"It has... never hurt so much before. But yes. I know now I am not alone in the search. Others will carry it forward, perhaps long after I'm gone. You, Gavin, Deshi..."

I cocked a brow. "So your part is finished if I don't promise to bring Ta'suil back to you in your lifetime?"

He shook his head. "Far from it. I may have decades yet. Anything that He asks of me before He calls me back, I must do."

"Even if it drives you insane?"

One corner of his mouth lifted in self-deprecation. "Even if."

"Why?" I asked. "Because you said 'yes' when you were too naïve to know better?"

Willven's exhaustion was still apparent as he answered but his voice was stronger. "If you mean to suggest that I should want to change my mind, Sirana, either then or now, I do not. The opportunity is before me, my work not finished, and many rely on me. Could you imagine even now that Gavin would want to stop?"
