 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

I am not exactly sure what to say about this chapter except...everyone changes. It's one of the longest I have submitted in a while. And there's a lot of sex. Woot. :)

*******

Surfacing Chapter 28

As it turned out, the Wilder youth did not want to wait anymore to begin Mourn's training, as they insisted on helping him to become accustomed to his new wings.

"They want him to play with them," Furuc clarified. "They have been anxiously waiting for a fortnight now. He always plays 'Chase' with them when he visits. He has been doing it for nearly three centuries and would not disappoint them."

Playing, huh? It looked a little different from my vantage point, which was higher on the shelf near the cave. I honestly wondered if Mourn would ever catch those damned, screeching creatures and silence them. Apparently I muttered something to that effect.

"That's laughter," the brother guide said. "They're happy to have him give chase. They get to practice their own shapeshifting gift against a top hunter."

"And when he catches one? Say it's that spotted fawn, over there. Does he eat it?"

The bear-Elf bumped me with an elbow, choosing not to take me seriously—much to my disappointment. "You're just hungry."

"Shut up."

My stomach growled. The fucker was right.

Mourn was tearing around on four legs down there after some careful testing and shifting of his form over the last hour past sunrise. This was after he had eaten a huge amount of meat following his transformation; he sat listening to us talk to and about Gaelan only long enough to let it settle before he left the cave—he certainly wasn't wasting any time. 

From the glimpses I got through the trees, the hybrid had his wings closed and close to him, staying mostly along the ground as he chased his prey. This was without the prelude of the deadly, stalking silence I knew he preferred when he was actually hungry. A few times I saw him get into an area open enough to be able to leap and spread the wings out wide, gliding back down before landing and closing them up again. Exercising them.

Any burrowing creatures or plant-eating clove-footers were safe diving into tight areas of bush and branch, they figured that out quickly. This had clearly changed as a tactic, as Mourn's new wings did cause him to draw up short on a few occasions, unfamiliar as they were and maybe even throwing him off balance in spite of his lashing tail as counterweight.

As I kept watching, three young wolves—one still a short-legged, grey pup with a wildly wagging, shaggy tail— alongside a narrow-muzzled jackal with ears too big for its head, plus two smaller, lean cats with huge, green eyes all lengthened their stride and tried flanking and circling the huge, dark, reptilian beast, trying to nip at him and harry him one way or the other, only to have to dart back quickly to avoid the sweeping tail.

It did look rather like they were in the endgame of a hunt although I knew perfectly well that Mourn was holding back on the lethal attacks.

There was a heavy handful of strange birds hovering around together which normally wouldn't have anything to do with each other if they were only what they looked like: a golden brown eagle and a black-spotted falcon, a void-black raven, snow-white swan, and a pair of large, grey doves. They looked most eager and excited at the activity, I thought... perhaps because their particular totems had made it only too easy to gain safety from the Dragonblood in previous games, they were excited that soon there would be a true challenge for them to face at last. Once Mourn figured it out. 

Although at this rate, if he didn't slow down any, he might be darting after those Wilder bird-youths through the air by Sunset.

"I'm going to go check on Gaelan," I said, starting to get up but Furuc placed a hand on my shoulder to stop me.

"Wait here a little longer," he suggested. 

Not really suggesting.

"She's awake and talking," I said impatiently, shaking him off. "She certainly doesn't need any more lying around, she has had plenty of that!"

"It's too soon. You and Jael cause her much stress. The Tilabil asked you to give him and Iethys some time to see about strengthening her body after so long in unnatural sleep. Coordination will help her feel more in control when she sees you again."

I frowned and raised one sardonic brow. "More in control?"

Furuc shrugged. "Very well. Better able to defend herself."

"She doesn't need to defend! Not against me and Jael!"

"She doesn't remember your names yet, and something is telling her to be afraid and wary of her vulnerability in front of you," the brother commented, managing to keep any detectable reproach from his tone. "She even regrets speaking her daughter's name so you could hear it."

"What am I going to do about it, send a note back to the Underdark attached to a pigeon's foot?"

"I don't care what you would do, Sirana. This is as she was taught by the Baenar, and we must start there before going forward." He gave me an eyebrow in return. "You should not be surprised."

"I'm not, you arrogant tick. But a little more time before being kicked out would've been..." 

I stopped, thinking back over the look on my Sister's face when she at last identified my race. Our race. Her face had gone blank in fear, like she didn't even remember her own skin color. But maybe it didn't matter if she did. 

As Furuc said, this was the most basic, primitive place we would start: Fear. For herself. For her daughter I'd never known could be used to hurt her, but no doubt D'Shea and others had. Would I have been calm in her place, absolutely fucking helpless, just knowing what little I did about her?

Fuck.

"Never mind," I grumbled. "Fine. Let them get her on her feet first."

Furuc smiled in approval.

"Don't look at me like that," I said grouchily. "I don't need your fucking constant appraisal and I sure as fuck don't need it to be positive, bearskin!"

He grinned wider, saying nothing at first. 

Then: "You need a fight, don't you?"

I took that infuriating, know-it-all tone as an invitation, going for the cheap shot to the high stomach. If he'd been prepared and his abnormally large abdomen muscles tightened up, it wouldn't have worked. But it did. I swear I almost orgasmed when he doubled over and the air whooshed out of his lungs, his impossibly dark, earthy eyes wide in surprise.

Recovery and retribution was just as swift, though my stomach was immune to a punch in kind, as I knew it would be. However, he had no compunction against using hair-grabbing, familiar nerve points, and even licking my ear to distract me as we grappled. 

A bit too soon for my Red Sisterly pride, he had my back flat against him with a hard arm tightening across my right pit and my throat, keeping one hand useless as he gripped the left in a painful twist. His legs locked mine down to where neither of us would move until one of us passed out. If I didn't figure out a way to break the grip, it wouldn't be him.

It crossed my mind he might be as good at wrestling as Jaunda, though I wasn't sure how often he claimed his prize in winning by opening someone's netherhole. His prick wasn't exactly soft against my lower back.

"Mourn's taught you something," I gasped.

"Some," he breathed next to my ear.

"What, not everything?"

He tightened the angle on my wrist. "The Wilder aren't passive to violence."

"Could've fooled me—" I grunted, refusing to give him more than that. Certainly never an "ow." "But you don't... leave the forest to test it."

"We have plenty of skill in defending it."

"As animals."

"But not mindless. Imagine using the instincts and understanding of every creature in the Underdark at once, Sirana, along with the wisdom of the Elves."

I wouldn't mind seeing that in action. Would probably put even the Illithids off their guard.

"Your cock is hard," I commented, still trying to get loose while grinding it harder, in case it worked to distract him.

"Naturally. Bears sometimes use a show of strength to impress a female."

It didn't distract him. My attempts at escape weren't going so well. 

"Heh. You're trying to impress me?"

"You insisted I try, Sirana."

I supposed that I had with that first punch. I still tried to get out. "Strength, huh? What, like knocking over trees?"

He blocked my next attempt to reach a nerve of his own and chuckled, scenting me at the nape of my neck, almost nuzzling. "Yes. Young trees, maybe. Not the ancient ones."

"You're an Elf, Furuc, not a bear." 

Another try to get free, and I admitted to myself I'd have to get seriously injurious to one of us to get out of this hold.

His chest rumbled. "You wanted to play like one."

I huffed. "Right. Very well, I can't get out. Let me go now."

I was testing him, I knew, though for some reason I still couldn't help feeling surprised when he released me, erection and all, without requiring more than that statement of yielding. I tried to decide if that was a relief or disappointment; I knew what would be happening back at the barracks right now in the same situation: my pants would be coming down.

Why did more than one Surface male remind me of Jaunda? And how was she different from the other females I'd known growing up? Some of the male Drow fighters could be similar, as we taught them to be, and Shyntre had been fun to challenge in a similar way, especially knowing I'd always win sooner or later, but... 

Furuc straightened his leather pants as we got to our feet, repositioning his crotch to reduce strain as he breathed deeply, apparently intending to let it go down again. In the morning Sunlight I could really see the red highlights in the brown hair on his head. 

I frowned, aware of a conflict somewhere in my head. Or an incongruence. "You don't want to fuck me?"

His ordinarily low brow moved up a bit in comment but he was willing to meet me head-on. "Perhaps. If there's a right time."

My eyes narrowed at him. "Indifferent?"

He smiled. "Patient. I interpret you are neither."

I snorted. "You could miss out, you know, being too patient."

"Then so be it. The result of being aggressively selfish would be interfering with your training with the Tilabil."

I hadn't thought of that yet, but of course the "Rock" would. "Hm. Any other reason? No conflict with Mourn? Or Morix. Whatever."

"You mean, as there would be with Jael?" he asked, crossing his arms. 

"Yeah. We like to fuck on occasion, the three of us. Or I like to fuck them."

Furuc gave me another look a bit harder to read and shook his head. "Your purpose requires you to maintain independence from a single mate, Sirana. Many of our totems reflect this, including mine. There is the right, receptive moment, and there is freedom afterward."

This was getting kind of interesting in spite of myself. We spoke plainly of sex but not as if it was leading directly into it—primarily because the male said "not right now." Which was only slightly less galling now than it had been when Mourn did it in Augran.

"And how does that compare with how you insisted it should be with Jael?" I asked. "That she be claimed and protected by a single male?"

"For now," he tacked on, his back straight as he nodded in full agreement of his earlier stance. "Starting out in this, she needs focus and boundaries, stability outside of herself. She craves them. She will gain strength this way."

"How the fuck can *you* tell?"

"I've seen it before. She is much different from you. Your boundaries are your own, you created them inside yourself when you accepted independence for your own actions. She never did."

I felt irritated for a reason that was hard to pin down. "You make her sound weak."

Furuc shook his head. "Not my intent. The trade is that she will be more trusting of Morix and the Tilabil than you, and will learn her magic quickly through them. You must still draw your own lines of tolerance, Sirana, every step of the way, and each lesson will be harder, though once you reach over it your self-command will be unshakeable. You and Jael may each still accomplish much and become powerful in what you are, but your paths to get there are not alike."

I stared at him challengingly, and he smiled back, dark eyes smoldering a little like embers in the story fire as he came back to our original topic.

"I would play with and mate a receptive female, with you, Sirana, when you're ready. I would not encourage or be party to impulsive or contrary mate stealing with couples."

I let that sink in, standing in silence as I looked out again at Mourn playing Chase. The game was now much farther away from the waterfall and barely visible but still very, very audible. Jael, at the moment, was at the cool pool by herself, because she'd asked to be. For the time being, Gavin had excused himself back to his nest with Roh and my spiders were happy hunting their own meal inside the cave. 

"And why wouldn't I be ready and 'receptive' now, oh Brother Bear?" I asked, just shy of being snide.

"It would be a mere a distraction from Gaelan's hurtful reaction to you, nothing more," he said bluntly, and I tried not to flinch. "I'd rather you be fully present with me, without a spirit's past lingering overhead. See to Gaelan first, and if you are at peace with her and still want me, I will accept."

Such a formal negotiator for his services. No male got away with that back home.

And yet. Here I was, wondering if the anticipation like he described would be worth it, or whether "so be it" would be enough for me if it didn't happen.

"Let's get you some food," he suggested, reminding me I was still feeling cranky on empty.

What made it even worse was the hovering worry of how the fuck I was going to go take on Sarilis *and* the Valsharess when it seemed like I needed to eat every few hours...

*******

I watched Iethys and Nioah go in and out of the cave a few times that day, and I was quite right that I glimpsed Mourn more and more often gliding just above the tree line before disappearing again, about a half-hour's walk out. The noise followed him, or he follow the noise, and I realized he had to be chasing the arboreal shapeshifters now.

It must be more than just the children playing Chase by now; I even heard some familiar wolves talking to each other now that they no longer lingered near Jael and me. The ground runners and burrowers, the tree climbers and even the swimmers had all been vulnerable to the Dragonblood before, and as the day wore on, those birds—actually all birds, I thought, Elf and natural—were becoming either anxious or excited with the brewing change.

I harrumphed to myself. Just as well that the To'vah Guardians were comfortable in about every element and could theoretically eat just about anything they could catch.

"Is he going to slow down at some point?" Jael asked me, having come back from the pool some time ago. "If he were any closer, he would be making me dizzy."

"No," Furuc butted in. "He will not slow down."

"Going to eat and sleep at that pace, is he?" I asked sarcastically the Wilder only shrugged.

"Morix has not been able to move well in many days. He practices to regain his edge, and you already know he does not sleep every night. How else will he spend his time until the Tilabil is ready for him?"

"You mean until the Tilabil is finished with Gaelan and he doesn't have to stand the same room with her to talk to Rennyn?" I grumbled, and at Furuc's reproach added, "He hasn't looked at her for longer than a few moments at a time, and he left as soon as she struggled to sit up. If I meant to look at his actions, then they tell me he rejects her."

"Or he has not decided what to think," Furuc debated. "Or he is wary of making the situation worse before it can get better for her. Or perhaps he sees something in her that hurts him still and he works to gain strength in one way so he might have more to give in another when the time comes."

Jael and I looked at each other and frowned, having nothing to argue in return beyond our own desires to see things set to right as quickly as possible. I strained to listen for anything that was going on inside the cave with Shunraeki and Iethys and Rennyn, and Gaelan. Unfortunately the waterfall made too much background noise.

What in the Abyss were they telling her? What was she telling them?

Although Mourn had the right idea about practicing. Shyntre's snide comment about looking like a molted crab still came back every so often as I wondered about my skills. I wasn't practicing the Red Sister ones because they didn't seem useful where I was, unless I want to set myself against my hosts. I didn't have my belt anyway. 

I was back to those I had as a Noble, just learning the fucking rules and how to work within them and, where possible, around them. It was loudly obvious that I should be working more on my psionics, yet everything inside was stirred up and roiling and I couldn't focus or go to the quiet place.

Fuck it.

Actually, I meant that. While I could not do a thing about Gaelan with the Tilabil, while Mourn is off testing himself, while Furuc was keeping an eye on us but refusing to rut until some "right time" came along, and while I frankly was too worried and distracted to think it a good idea start flinging my thoughts hither and yon under the pretense of getting better, the only thing I could think about was sex.

I looked at Jael helplessly. "Wanna suck?"

She exhaled and nodded vigorously. "Thought you'd never fucking ask."

Familiar, fragrant, and hot... the only thing that was different this time was a deliriously high sense of hurling through the valley at incredible speed when she climaxed.

******

They had decided to guide Gaelan out for the first time under Moonlight so the adjustment wouldn't be as harsh. I kind of wished I had known that earlier in the day, although it finally occurred to me as the Sun had gotten low.

Gaelan was supported by Iethys and Rennyn each holding an arm; in a different situation, it would've looked like she was a prisoner being taken to her execution only after years of being in a cell. This thought only occurred to me because of how her limbs trembled and she placed bare feet carefully on the rocks as if they had been whipped on the soles and heels. She really was as hale as we could expect her to be; they led her out entirely nude so I could see she was the same body I knew before, uninjured and not so withered as a starving prisoner would be. 

She just seemed so fragile that... I almost didn't see a Drow anymore, red eyes and pure white hair notwithstanding.

Nioah had come up behind them with two hide blankets and hurried ahead to spread one out beside me and Jael, fur-side up, and to wait with the second after allowing it to fall open in hir hands. As they helped Gaelan to sit down safely upon the softness, the storyweaver wrapped the blanket around her shoulders with a comforting whisper.

"Th-thank you," she whispered back hoarsely in Drow.

Rennyn sat on Gaelan's other side from me, deceptively casual, as Iethys went over to sit next to Furuc and Nioah stood somewhere behind us. I didn't blink as the Tilabil's blind, sun-yellow eyes gazed out across the valley—maybe looking at Mourn, maybe not— and Gaelan stared down at her fingernails. 

I had just picked up her scent after hearing what had definitely been her voice, and after enough awkward silence I made myself lightly touch my fingertips to her knee, asking to be acknowledged.
