 Shawn fought the sleep and Jack Daniels that vied for his attention against the road ahead. The lights from the oncoming cars twinkled brightly ahead of him as Rod Stewart belted out his tribute to Maggie May on the stereo. Fatigue had taken it's toll on Shawn's normally attractive steely blue eyes and he rubbed them quickly, trying to will the weariness away. He'd only arrived back in the city moments before, and still had another half hour before he'd reach Allison's house. . .if he still wanted to travel that far tonight. 

What was he thinking? Of course he wanted to drive that extra half hour to see her. It had been the first time since they'd met that he'd been away from her more than a few days at a time. One full week had passed without seeing her face or touching her hand. Her silken voice over the static-filled cell phone had barely been enough to sustain him during the long week away. When he'd spoken to her before boarding the plane to head home, she'd seemed so elated that he was finally returning to her but she insisted he go straight home and get some much needed rest. She said she could wait one more day to see him. While it was true he was exhausted, he couldn't wait one more day to see her! He wanted her in his arms tonight. He sped down the remaining stretch of highway toward the woman he loved.

He felt the energy rushing back into his soul as he pulled into her parking lot. The night was serenely quiet and everything was peaceful. Shawn had kidded Allison about the serenity of suburban living, but in reality he actually had come to look forward to it after working and playing all day in the city. Even the air had a distinct clean, sweet aroma out here. He found a parking space right in front of her apartment and turned off the car. Her lights were off and he figured she was already asleep. "Poor baby'," he thought to himself, he hated the idea of waking her. But his excitement was greater than his consideration right now and he wanted to see her badly. He walked up to her bedroom window and peered inside. 

His breath caught in his throat and he felt his heart jump. He'd never before seen anything like the sight before him now. He didn't dare move for fear of disturbing her. He felt a warm glowing sensation moving over him, almost as if he were being bewitched. He couldn't fight it even if he'd wanted to.

Allison's room was aglow with the flickering of several scented candles. They formed a heart on the floor over a white satin sheet, where Allison sat cross-legged and appearing to be in some sort of deep meditation. Shawn knew how beautiful Allison was, but tonight she looked more beautiful than he ever imagined. Her smooth tanned skin stood out against the white lace teddy that clung to her soft curves. Tiny gold earrings sparkled in her earlobes under a tousled mane of long blonde tresses. She was wearing white silk stockings with white high heels, which served only to make her already long legs appear even longer and more desirable. Then he noticed the small white kitten that sat on her lap, purring contently. She was stroking it gently as she rocked back and forth rhythmically. Shawn remained transfixed by her window, not moving or breathing lest he shatter this vision before him.

Allison lifted the kitten to her lips and kissed it tenderly. 

"Away, Vixen." She whispered as she set the kitten outside the heart of candles. The kitten scampered across the carpet and out of the room. Allison then began rocking once more. Shawn watched as she raised her slender fingers to her face and arched backwards on the sheet, spreading her legs wide open. She wet her fingers with her darting pink tongue and began trancing the outline of her lips, proceeding down her smooth neck. Slowly she slipped the straps of her teddy off her shoulders until her firm full breasts were in full view of the moon shining in her window. . .and Shawn. She moistened her fingers once more and began caressing her breasts, teasing her tiny nipples, until they were firm hard buds. As her hands fluttered down the slight slope of her stomach, she called out his name, "Shawn. . ."

For a moment he thought she had discovered him and had bid him enter, but he soon realized she was simply involved in her own private thoughts of him, as her glistening fingers slipped under the white teddy making their way to her own passion. She moaned louder and her voice was heavy with longing for him, "Shawn, oh my God. . .Oh, Shawn! I want you so badly. . .I need you, Shawn!" She plunged her slick fingers in and out of her hot wet pussy faster and fast. The soft white skin of her inner thighs trembled as her ecstasy mounted and suddenly her entire body shook. She cried, "Shawn!," once more and then she was still. 

What could only have been seconds seemed like an eternity for Shawn. His heart was pumping wildly as he had watched the woman of his life make love to herself, and now he watched her as she lay breathing deeply upon the satin sheet. He was about to speak, let her know he was there - had been there in fact, when she nimbly brought herself up to a sitting position. Her eyes were open wide and they shone with the intensity of a thousand stars. The vivid blue was almost too much for him to handle and he did try to look away, but he could not. He was spellbound. 

Her eyes flashed as they spoke to him, "Come to me, now!" He was taken aback as the realization hit him, she was communicating with him through her eyes alone. For although he had indeed heard her voice speaking to him, her lips had not moved. At first he tried again to move back, out of fear this time, but her eyes flashed, "Please Shawn, don't be frightened. Please come to me now." He felt himself relaxing against his will and probably better sense, but there was nothing he could do but obey her. A surreal calmness moved over him as he slowly stepped away from the window and made his way to her front door. He found it unlocked and let himself in. He took a deep breath before entering her bedroom and gingerly opened the door.

"Allison?," he began cautiously, "Are you all right?" His eyes fought to adjust to the dimness of the room while he turned to shut the door behind him. Suddenly he felt the light touch of her slender hand on his shoulder. He swung around to take her in his arms but she quickly glided away from his embrace. Her flashing blue eyes spoke to him again, "You mustn't touch. Do you understand? You must promise me, you won't try to touch, Shawn." 

He tried to ask why, but she silenced him with her soft lips upon his. The taste of her tongue as she explored his mouth was exquisite. A combination of morning dew and honeysuckle was the closest comparison he could think of. She kissed him with such burning desire, he felt his knees giving way. She seemed to sense his difficulty and steadily led him toward the heart on the floor. 

Once there, she began to disrobe him, gently kissing every inch of his lean body as she went along. He sighed heavily as she knelt before him and stopped to glance up at him and smile. Her smile dazzled him and he felt himself being swept away on a wave of pleasure. He felt the light pressure of her fingertips on his back, relaxing and stimulating him at the same time and realized she using hot scented oil to massage him. Never before in his life could he remember feeling this wonderful. She worked her fingers across his spine and commanded complete control of all his muscles. He had no choice but to yield to her wishes. 

When she finally rolled him on his back to face her, he reached up to touch her face. She pulled back quickly, admonishing him, "Shawn. . .," her eyes flashed darkly, "you promised." 

He ruefully put his hand down. She slowly began exploring his body, building to a feverish pitch as she worshipped him all over with her hands, her mouth, even using her hair against his sensitive skin. His erection jutted angrily in the air and felt if he didn't soon have release from this divine torture, he would surely die of ecstasy. Slowly she made her way to his magnificent cock and began a titillating dance between her probing tongue and his smooth balls. She bit the softness of his thighs and ran her sweet, wet mouth up from the base of his shaft to the very tip of the head. She lingered there for a moment before she took him, swiftly, deeply, into her throat. The storm of passion raging inside of Shawn could hold back no more, and groaning loudly, he released a hot torrid load of cum into her hungry eager mouth. 

Releasing him tenderly, Allison licked the remains of his seed from her lips and kissed her way back up his chest. As she reached his face, he reached out and took her face in his hands. The brilliant blue of her flashing eyes clouded over immediately. "Oh, Shawn! You shouldn't have done that." 

He wasn't listening to her anymore. He kissed her lips and eyes with his moist warm mouth. Thirstily, he drank in her essence. Then he shuttered with an instant awareness of another person in the room with him and Allison. Not only had she joined them, but she was working furiously on his recently spent cock. Remarkably, he was responding to her expert tongue. He felt himself growing hard once more. Puzzled and confused, he stared into the blue eyes before him, "Allison?" 

As he spoke he noticed the fire had ceased in her eyes. They were now the tranquil blue that he had always known before this night began. She spoke to him with her lips, "I told you not to touch me." She smiled slightly as the urgency between his legs swelled. He glanced down and saw his beloved Allison in a frenzy, her head bobbing up and down upon his engorged member. 

"What's going. . ." he started to question the woman in his arms as the woman between his legs stopped momentarily to glance up at him. He began to understand when he looked in the eyes of the two seductive women. One had the eyes of the woman he loved, the other had the flashing blue eyes that had bewitched him earlier.

"Don't touch her again, Shawn," the woman in his arms chuckled quietly, "or who knows what might happen!"

She kissed him playfully, "You may as well enjoy." Her words were drowned out by his impending orgasm. He held her in a death grip as the spasms violently washed over his body and flowed freely into the waiting, wanting mouth of the vixen below. She lapped and sucked until there was nothing left of him. Exhausted, Shawn let the woman in his grasp go and rolled over on his side, away from the two women. The sweat from his brow poured painfully into his eyes and he shut them tightly. Behind him, he heard shuffling and then felt the icy burn of cool fragrant powder being liberally sprinkled on his back. The teasing soothing sensation of feathers as they stroked the powder lovingly into his screaming flesh felt heavenly. 

He felt himself stirring once again as her fingernails bit their way up the back of his calves. Desire won out over fatigue and abruptly he turned face the pair of vixens. He still did not fully comprehend what was happening here but at this point he didn't really care. He grabbed the woman closest to him and pulled her to him. She smiled mischievously as his lips pressed against hers urgently. Too Late! Her brilliant blue eyes flashed and the candles flared and he quickly became aware of yet another Allison within the heart of candles.

What came after that was only a blur in Shawn's dazed mind. He remembered trying to separate his lovely Allison from the rest of the vixens with the flashing blue eyes, for he could only touch her and make love to her, but if he mistakenly touched one of her clones, another vixen would appear. Every inch of his gorgeous lean body had been stroked, caressed licked, bit and otherwise loved by. . .how many HAD he wound up with? Eight? It could have been more, but he lost track after his spirit failed him and he was forced to sleep. 

As soon as he lost consciousness however, only one person remained. The woman with the soft sparkling blue eyes, his Allison. She stayed by his side, alert and bemused, throughout the rest of the night and into the early light of the morning until he finally began to awake.

Shawn opened his eyes and the memory of the night before crept quietly back into his mind. Naw! He shook his head in disbelief and reached out for Allison, who slept peacefully by his side. He watched as the sun played merrily over her lips and eyelids. When he bent to kiss her, she did not stir but the smallest of smiles flitted over her lips. He surveyed the room looking for clues of the ecstasy of the night before but none were to be found. Everything was in it's proper place, with not a sign of a scented candle or white lace teddies. 

Perhaps too much Jack Daniels last night? He looked back at Allison, she was almost angelic. So beautiful, so warm, so loving. . . That had to be it. No, he must have dreamt last night. His body ached all over and his head pounded. "No more Jack Daniels!" He vowed to the silent room. Then he laid back down upon the white satin sheet. . .