 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

Back into the Underdark! And...well, in many ways it continues to earn its reputation.

******

Surfacing Chapter 26

Jaunda was having the hottest wet dream ever. 

Part of her wasn't surprised that she dreamt of fucking Sirana. The novice hadn't been around long enough to get tired of her quirks and she had certainly been one of the more playful of the youngest Red Sisters. And one of the most clever.

Then there was that whole thing about the Illithids and the nosy Dragon expecting her to come back, backed up by both Elders planning a power shift at the same time. Sirana wasn't even here and she was a troublemaker in many a plotting mind; Qivni was probably close to making an effigy of her. If Sirana did come back, Jaunda could see herself feeling fucking proud of her on behalf of the Sisterhood, stress on the "fucking," but also recognizing the youth to be in a whole heap of trouble that she would never get out of on her own. It was also questionable whether she should.

For now, in the Lead's dream, it was the simple times again. 

It was at the beginning. Sirana was naked on her back and had her legs spread like a good girl, and Jaunda was drilling her with her Feldeu. A bit strange, perhaps, that the Lead had been using her pussy exclusively over her netherhole, this time around; Jaunda had already cum several times and Sirana's twat was wet and ruffled and swollen from prolonged thrusting. This was a normal thing for her first year in the Sisterhood. It was pretty frothy. Fucking hot.

"Awright," Jaunda gasped, lifting herself up off of the younger Drow and kneeling between her legs, catching her breath. She took hold of her calves. "Let's turn you over. Want that ass."

Sirana was most willing, starting to roll over when Jaunda's eyes widened and she caught her shoulder in a firm grip as she was distracted. Her younger Sister's body wasn't quite same shape she remembered. It bulged out, down low. Jaunda had seen this often enough in her work.

Sirana had a pregnant belly.

Shit. They were going to lose her already?

"What the fuck?" Jaunda murmured. "Who did this?"

Sirana gave her an eloquent look before she smiled. "You did."

"Did not," Jaunda retorted, calling Drider shit. "My dick doesn't shoot seed."

"You took me to him, remember?" Sirana spread her thighs wide, showing Jaunda how much white, creamy spunk she had spread all over her crotch and oozing down the crack of her ass. "Might as well have dumped all your own jizz on me. Just like this."

Jaunda stared. Fucking hot. And yeah, she did remember. How did the Valsharess never figure that out, anyway? Jaunda had known the Consort had made her catch this whole time, and yet she had no memory of hiding it from the Queen.

Probably D'Shea's doing.

"Turn over," she ordered huskily, aroused as fuck but now holding herself back from being too rough on her pregnant Sister. Jaunda mounted her slowly, got her thick phallus all worked up inside her netherhole and held still, enjoying the way the younger tensed and struggled with the size but then relaxed and submitted underneath her Lead's muscular weight...

Jaunda would go nice and slow for a change, would slowly ream her until the younger came first.

"Jaunda," Sirana exhaled her name, down on her belly and moving her hips all sexy-like.

The elder Drow tried to keep her weight off Sirana's stomach. So hot. Though, her voice sounded off...

"Jaunda!" she said again.

She pursed her lips in concentration, trying to keep the easy rocking motion. *Ohhh, don't say it that, sweetmeat, it makes you want to ride you like a mad rothe.*

"Jaunda, please, wake up."

Finally she was aware enough to notice the very real scent of the sweat beneath her nose. Familiar, attractive in its own way, but definitely not Sirana. Not even female. Jaunda opened her eyes, placed herself in D'Shea's quarters.

*Ah, shit.*

She was buried to the hilt in the Consort's ass. So much for her agreement. It wasn't her fault, though, she had been asleep when she poked him.

"Not your fault," he said. "I am s-sorry."

She scowled. *...the fuck?*

"What th' fuck you talking about?" she asked, still lying on top of his back. It disturbed her how drunk she sounded to her own ears, how heavy her limbs felt.

"My magic affected you," he said in a rush, working to fill his lungs afterward with her weight on top of him. "I should have expected it. Y-you should finish. I will take it."

Jaunda growled, bracing herself on her palms to lift off of him before easing her phallus out of his body; he muffled his whimper against the mattress but instantly relaxed when they were disconnected. He couldn't quite hide his sigh of relief as she flopped over to one side. 

Her head was spinning. Goddess, her coordination sucked. It was like her arms and legs were full of sand.

So he wanted to take the blame, huh? Assuming punishment and suggesting exactly what he'd said he *didn't* want from her... for supposedly "affecting" her while she slept. She wasn't used to such easy supplication, truth be told. Other Drow were better handling that. When Jaunda was brought into the picture it was usually because they were resisting. 

Did that mean he secretly want it? Or was he just fucked in the head from the Priestess training, or from what Thena and her group had done when he first got here? Shit. Not to mention Jaunda didn't really understand what magic he was talking about anyway.

"You do it on purpose?" she asked, her voice rough and gravelly.

He shook his head. "No, Red Sister, I did not."

"Tell me what you did an'... I'll decide whether I agree I should fuck your ass raw or not."

He glanced over where she lay beside him, glancing at the black pole pointed up, but she was uncaring of her soiled Feldeu for the moment. It wasn't like the smell bothered her when it was healthy—and he was that, in body at least. He remained on his stomach, his pert ass up and hiding whether he had an erection or not; he came up onto his elbows.

"Iskomitneh," he said, glancing at her again to judge her reaction to the name.

Jaunda grunted, rolling onto her side and bracing on one elbow to face him. The tip of her Feldeu touched the sheets and he definitely noticed. She waited. He decided to ignore it for now.

"He was more than happy to send you home, wasn't he? So he could follow."

The Lead swallowed, feeling cold as she just heard the reason for her imminent execution the moment the month was up. "What the fuck does that have to do with your fucking magic? Focus. What did you do to me, Consort?"

"I was in reverie," he answered. "I dreamed of Sirana."

His fist tightened around the bloodstone she had returned to him, and she squinted as several memories returned in a rush. "I thought you were trying to help Shyntre and not harm my Elder."

"I did, Lead. I saw him, and Elder D'Shea. They are both all right for the moment."

Jaunda exhaled in frustration and flopped onto her back again. "You said it was a dream about Sirana."

"It was."

"And Shyntre? And my Elder? And—" She couldn't finish the third one.

Auslan nodded. "Yes. They were all there. Phaelous and Lelinahdara, too."

"Quite an orgy."

The Consort grinned and covered his mouth. "No, the only one I pleasured in reverie was Sirana." His amusement drained when he added, "But you were so close, my aura merged with yours. You could not help yourself. I apologize, Lead Sister, and I will accept what you decide."

Jaunda rubbed her face with her palm, struggling with her choice of action. First impulse was to demand physical payback, like he suggested, but the lingering essence of the Dragon wouldn't let her forget that something big had just happened outside this room. Didn't she want to know so she might see something coming? Did she even *want* to see it coming, even if she couldn't avoid the consequences? 

She couldn't fucking focus. 

"Seemed to me you were pretty uncomfortable getting fucked up the ass," she grumbled. "Am I bigger than you're used to?"

She could tell the blood rushed to his face. "I am not...used to it."

That's right; it took more than just twice in a few months. Sometimes she forgot what it must feel like for those just broken in. Even when the Dragon had mounted her with his wild erection, even though it had been a long time for her, it hadn't taken long to remember how to adjust. But when one didn't know how to adjust, she saw expressions like this.

"What about wrapping your lips around me again?" Jaunda suggested with a wicked grin, treasuring this other expression.

"W-would you consider a bath, first?" he asked.

The Lead laughed. How many times had she grabbed her target's hair right this moment and simply jammed her dirty cock down their throat despite their protests?

Instead she offered, "Tell you what: we both get in the bath and as long as you keep talking about what just happened with Elder D'Shea, you can just use your hands on the Feldeu. You stop wagging your tongue, you use your whole mouth for something else."

Auslan accepted that and pulled the soiled sheets from the bed as well, setting them at the foot of the tub while it filled, nice and hot. He also set his bloodstone deliberately on the lip at the far side before standing patiently, waiting for her to get in.

After a quick sluice, Jaunda relaxed in her Elder's luxurious bath, her elbows braced on the sides as she eyed the Consort and lifted her hips in suggestion, keeping her legs wide as the tip of her cock poked just above the surface before resubmerging. Auslan obediently kneeled in front of her and slowly stroked and pulled on her phallus underneath the warm, soapy water.

"So start talking," she grunted, flexing her fists as she resolved to pay attention to both his mouth and hands at once.

Like a true servant, he had no trouble working flawlessly with his hands and speaking upon command. "Elder D'Shea and Headmaster Phaelous helped Lelinahdara and Shyntre complete a ritual for the Valsharess. I saw it done, I helped him stay strong. Your Elder is one step closer to serving her purpose for the Valsharess when Phaelous will be required to kill her."

Jaunda's expression darkened quickly.

"However, I saw your Dragon, Lead Jaunda. He is watching, too."

The Red Sister felt an unusual spike of pleasure on the up-stroke right as he said that and she grunted again, taken by surprise, but overall her face was stuck in that frown. "Mm-hm. And Sirana?"

"She protected me in reverie, so I could help Shyntre."

"Protected you? How?"

"She was fighting off the demons trying to join in the ritual, while keeping me invisible."

Jaunda shook her head. She wanted to think he was just making this up, because that was what it sure as fuck sounded like. "That's a bit more than 'sensing her baby,' like you said before."

"I said we share dreams, Lead," he corrected. "And that I see visions, like Phaelous and the Valsharess."

Auslan was definitely "strange" enough to make that claim and have her be inclined to believe it. And now "her" Dragon was in his vision. Great.

"Elder D'Shea can't be executed right now," Jaunda murmured, still feeling the pleasure of his hands but with her mind somewhat removed. Her statement was nothing but pure denial, and she didn't understand if what he was saying had already happened or not.

"She won't be," Auslan assured her. "Elder D'Shea will come back to us. Iskomitneh has bought her some time with his teasing the Queen, and we know she is smart enough to use it, yes?"

Jaunda nodded absently; that, at least, sounded like something that would happen soon. But they might be waiting here for a while. She wondered what she would do when she hungry? She still had some rations in her pile of stuff...

*Teasing the Queen. Fuck.*

Only a Dragon would be in a position to try.

*****

What had happened to her son?

Varessa tried not to be distracted by this thought as Tarra and Phaelous dragged a bleeding, exhausted Bathila back to her cell to await execution and disposal. They were preparing to leave the forming room. Tarra would come with them for now, even as she had her short term tasks set before her: to permanently seal off this chamber from future use and see the surrogate dead and disposed.

Phaelous next stood just close enough to her to suggest his support without being blatant, quiet and waiting on the leisure of the females, but D'Shea kept waiting for an overwhelmed Shyntre to collapse. She just might try catch him if he did.

*No.*

The Elder Red Sister knew needed to have all of her wits about her during this audience. She could not afford to stumble or miss something subtle. Yet this protective instinct was what returned every few moments as she told herself what would be best for both of them. She had to strengthen her magical protections around this vulnerability until she got it under control, keeping out even a curious Headmaster, but the trade-off was that she would miss some of the expressions and body language of others while she concentrated so hard without being plain about it.

"Attend Us," the Valsharess said, leading them to the transport circle, "We will hear everything which happened here."

The Queen's hand lightly held Shyntre's elbow in case he did fall. Tarra followed next while D'Shea and Phaelous brought up the rear.

What the Valsharess had said to Shyntre - "You will dream now." - worried D'Shea. She could only think of a certain clean freak, and she fretted that something in the Queen's distractions and lingering visions was telling Her to make a dreaming Consort of Her own. 

The sorceress had no idea how this was supposed to work or what it would offer, except possibly for beating her at finding Sirana on the Surface. The suggestion sounded paranoid even to her own mind. And yet her son had survived a ritual solely intended for those made just like Auslan. Her son's aura, always a strong one, was no more or less powerful now but it was not as familiar to her. It was still him, but she could believe there had been a permanent change.

The Elder recognized hers and Tarra's spy-way from the Sanctuary to the Valsharess's third audience chamber, which had a proper double door and back exit. The Queen led them out through the back door and into the Palace to take the spiral stairs to an upper floor, so they were seen by guards if not whole groups of servants and loitering, visiting Nobles.

The more personal quarters of the Valsharess took up an entire floor and that was where they ended up. The Queen chose an austere, small altar room D'Shea had never seen before; both her son and his sire had, however. Distracted as she felt, this was obvious in Shyntre's pinched expression and even the resigned posture in Phaelous. Both had suffered here; the only difference was that, for one, the experiences were much fresher.

"Do not cross into the circle under any circumstances," the Valsharess stated and approached Her altar, turning to face them as She unwrapped the silent newborn from within the drapes of Her blooded sleeve then setting him down upon the altar.

Exposed to the air and not yet fully dried, the tiny body started to move his limbs, stretching them against the confusing discomfort. Drow infants were quiet things for the most part, imparted with a born-in understanding of this requirement in the Underdark. As long as you were helpless and vulnerable, you had better not squall about it or something might find you and eat you.

D'Shea struggled not to respond to the movements and rapid changes of heat within the little body in the dark room. These signals...this was how Drow babies pleaded for nourishment and warmth, whatever it might cost them at the beginning of their lives. They needed it, and they would beg upon the tolerance of their mother. How long they continued to beg as they grew older depended upon the mother and the child.

This infant had no mother, and the Valsharess would not show tolerance to this one any more than She had shown to his grown and breeding brothers out among the Nobles.

"Elder Varessa D'Shea," the Valsharess said as She retrieved a small box sitting upon the table against the wall behind Her. She set it down beside the infant's head and opened it. "You shall report first."

The Queen must have sensed her pity for the infant. Varessa better schooled her expression to appear stoic but then thought better of it. She smiled instead.

"Tazeok, for I'll not say his full name, returned, as Your Highness predicted. He attempted to salvage the crack he tricked Wilsira into accepting in her forming room."

"The crack," the Valsharess said, expecting expansion as She mixed materials which would make Her circle and runes.

"It was not yet a true gate, Valsharess. It was to become one once a great enough sacrifice was made there."

"Would Shyntre have been sufficient?" the Queen asked absently as She worked.

"Yes, Your Highness."

"You told Us right before the Purge what you remembered, what you are forced to do. You and your unborn together."

D'Shea did not look at Shyntre. "Yes, Your Highness."

"All events which occurred."

"Yes, Your Highness."

The Valsharess lifted Her tawny eyes from Her altar, Her expression cold. "But not everything that you learned."

"I didn't remember what I learned at the time, Valsharess."

"Now you do. You remember the truth of your trial."

Varessa drew in a breath and released it slowly. "Yes, now I do, Valsharess."

The ancient Drow nodded, shifting Her eyes to Phaelous. "And you claim to have done your work."

"I have, my Queen," he responded with a slow smile that did not reach his eyes.

He said nothing more, so the Valsharess had ample time to appraise the other two in the room, Shyntre and Lelinahdara.

"You are each ignorant of what We speak."

Shyntre answered very quietly and respectfully that he was, accepting that fact and sounding relieved. 

Lelinahdara was wary. And jealous. "I am, Valsharess, but I would like to know what truth Elder D'Shea has learned."

A dead smile passed across thin lips. "We are not sure that you do, Priestess."

Phaelous looked toward the wall on his other side from Tarra; the old wizard was probably biting his cheek. Meanwhile the Valsharess made marks upon the infant with Her pinky finger after dabbing into a paste, spelling out his doom. Varessa would've liked to know for sure whether they were marks for Lolth or for someone else. Something else. They resembled some she had seen the Priestesses do but this simply wasn't her area of expertise, and she and Tarra weren't exactly on speaking terms.

"Do you wish to watch, Shyntre?" the Queen asked, indicating the newborn.

"No, my Queen," he answered honestly, causing Lelinahdara to give him a look as if he was insane while Phaelous decided to study at the ceiling instead.

Ordinarily this would have guaranteed that the young wizard would watch every instant with his eyes magically pinned open, but the Valsharess broke form when She responded. 

"Then We instruct you to return to your quarters and await Us."

He hesitated, a shiver passing through him, and D'Shea's eyes landed on the blood-tinged amniotic fluid still staining his robe. "Unescorted?"

"Yes." Her eyes looked up again and his flew to the floor. "You will do nothing to interrupt Us. Shuvi'n."

The magical door opened only wide enough for the wizard to squeeze through by turning sideways, which he did while keeping his eyes on the floor. D'Shea could not tell whether he was tempted to look at his parents or not, though he must be thinking this could be the last time he ever saw them.
