 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2016.

This is the "dove-tail" I thought to begin last chapter, but that ran long. This blends the Surface and Underdark chapters together as we alternate between Shyntre's and Sirana's perception. By now we know these characters love to talk plans, and so this chapter lays the foundation for the next three.

Incoming. ;)

*****

Surfacing Chapter 32

The Underdark. Six weeks ago.

Shyntre stared at the silver ring still caught around his finger, the one the Valsharess had placed months ago and that he could never remove while She lived. The one that told Her wherever he happened to be. He'd become so used to it that he'd forgotten about it.

That slip just might see his brother and Rausery's shadows dead, or worse.

"It tells her where you are, boy, it doesn't tell what you are doing or who you are with," Lethrix murmured lazily, still in his tiny drake form. "She has also never been able to spy on me, hard as she's tried now and then."

"I still endanger everyone here," Shyntre whispered, his eyes sliding to Auslan, who still slept. "Just sitting here. I need to leave."

"Just like your mother under compulsion, aren't you?" the Dragon yawned. "Find a good thing and shove it away, hm? Thought you both were learning a small something on that."

The sorcerer's stomach tightened. It wasn't a good thing he'd found, not at all. It had been forced on him and he, in turn, had forced it on a poor Consort too naïve to know any better. 

Shyntre scowled at Lethrix. "Yes, we did learn something. Someone will always take it away, or worse and make you destroy it with your own hands."

The drake cracked an eye open. "You have more than enough power to overcome that."

Did he? It was power that belonged to the Valsharess, that She was just waiting to use it again. Through him. He had always felt the desire to burn everything down, just to change something—anything!—even before he'd met the Consort called Julir'dal. Maybe that was what She had always wanted him to do? But She wouldn't just *let* him, because Lolth couldn't want that. Someone would try to stop him, if he wasn't made to stop himself.

Shyntre shook his head, trying to get a full breath before he panicked. It was easier to focus on someone else. "My mother didn't overcome it...they used her for centuries, exactly the way they wanted to."

"Oh? And what has she been doing the last two hundred years, exactly? Giving up on being an Elder of the Sisterhood, clearly. Letting a Priestess of Lolth control her son without challenge."

"She did do that," Shyntre countered, lifting his eyes.

"Shows what you know. She's also been ignoring a new youth with an odd talent that was the key to release the first of those lingering chains, yes? Not to mention never speaking to her preferred mate ever again, or reaching through the Consort or me to see after her key on the Surface by sheer will and drive. Of course. Soundly defeated, that one! What was I thinking, bringing her here where she could not further affect her own fate?" 

Shyntre's ears were burning as the drake rambled on. The Dragon was a cockhead. "What do you want with my mother?"

"Vaguely?" Lethrix shrugged. "Whatever she wants, I want. Like many creatures, she can judge her own situation. I've found whatever is good for the mother is good for the strength of her child."

The Drow stared at the drake, still frowning. "Why would you care about that? You aren't the sire."

Lethrix chuckled. "But I've met him. Are you aware that old wizard has seen how this all turns out? Or at least enough of it to back your mother against these odds?"

"He's not backing her," Shyntre said through a tight throat. "H-he's helping the Valsharess. Against Sirana. He showed me a ritual I-I..."

Fear and heat exploded through his chest and gut, up into his head and the young Drow doubled over. He felt the silver ring gather enough of his own surge of energy to cramp his hand into a painful claw. *Ah, shit, that hurts...!*

Auslan's eyes flew open and he gasped, reaching out to catch Shyntre in a strong embrace, pulling him down to lie partly on top of him until the fit of agony had passed. They both panted for breath by the end of it, foreheads dotted with sweat.

The Dragon didn't comment but watched them both suffer for that disobedience. Some of his smugness receded and his expression was a little more sympathetic.

"A lot of chains on you, still. Plenty to overcome. I won't help you with those, hatchling, it's not my place and doing so would not help you. But keep an eye open for one who can. Just like your mother did."

Shyntre clutched miserably to the naked Consort beneath the blanket. He buried his nose in the other's neck to take in his scent and forget his own mistakes, for just a few instants, before the world would return to press in on him again.

*******

The Present.

I saw my first heavy frost just before we went back underground. Snow never came but the crystalline ice clinging to so many grasses and shrubs, laying over rocks and soil was as fascinating as the first time I saw Moonlight reflected in a very cold mountain pool.

Now we were leaving it all behind. No more Sunrises and Sunsets, no regular temperature fluctuations or breezes from half a world away brushing my ears. No true colors, unless we brought fire or a magical light before us.

We all changed as we adjusted to the darkness belowground; all of us in immediate ways: stepping lightly, ever-sensing the rock on all sides; never talking aloud, barely whispering when necessary; our ears sensitive to every distant drip of water or scurry of some cave-dwelling amphibian, blind and colorless as its world. Even deeper, we could feel the pulse of the Underdark beckoning, the core of the world rumbling like a sleeping giant. It suggested which way we'd have to go, and we'd have to walk the entire way.

I noticed a more gradual but no less significant change in Mourn and Vesram as well. While my own sense of smell heightened as each cycle passed, the two half-bloods by the second cycle were likely navigating primarily by scent, though differently. Vesram almost never opened his mouth while Mourn's tongue either slithered out or pressed against the back of his teeth while his lips curled. I could only imagine what information they were getting of our surroundings that I was not.

All I did know was that we were never stalked by anything bigger than us to a point where I became aware of it. The Underdark seemed oddly non-threatening as we passed in and out of areas as varied as the Surface but for the lack of weather. Space grew and shrank; cliffs and obstacles slowed our progress or changed our route; water came and went, as did food with alternately barren and lush living systems with which I was long familiar.

Mourn still never slept; he kept watch while we rested. When his mood had shifted into something feral, as he twitched to hunt some scent he'd caught, he showed us a new four-legged form as well. It was as close as he could get to his dream-form of being a full To'vah: that of a winged, serpentine "Dragonette" that was still sized by his same mass. It was meant for stealth and trapping, not running at speed and endurance like the short-necked, quasi-feline quadruped we'd seen on the Surface. 

Thinking of Mourn in this form as a really big version Graul wasn't too far off, though then again, his length was much longer in ratio. Maybe he was instead a smaller version of his giant sire? I couldn't say I was an expert in all Draconic forms; I could only think Mourn looked "the same but different," one of those descriptions which annoyed me as much as it annoyed Jael when she asked my thoughts on it.

Even when Mourn was gone hunting, nothing bothered us. It wasn't as though the Red Sisters and the Draegloth had grown complacent, either. We kept watch, honed our skills and dusted off year-old memories to swiftly remember the difference between smart and not-so-smart things to do in the Underdark. Still we might as well have been taking a stroll within protected borders.

*Smell of Dragon,* Vesram assured us, his own hand sign now better after practice, following a century of disuse. *All of you. Nothing healthy will come.*

*Healthy?* Jael questioned.

*Something sick could attack,* Gaelan agreed. *Not in its right mind.*

*Like a demon?* Jael suggested, indicating the Ma'ab scepter Vesram now carried as a gift from Gavin. 

*Will not use until right time,* Vesram answered yet again, and I read a certain stubbornness in his hands and stance.

Jael nodded easily enough now. She wasn't antagonizing him like before, but she was still concerned about the demonblood holding a scepter that could "summon himself," as she had put it. She had a point: how was that even supposed to work?

There had been some argument over this when it first came up, too.

"Ultimately this scepter is vastly flawed and my only purpose for it is to keep it out of Ma'ab hands," Gavin had explained. "Vesram has been around Ma'ab magic more than long enough, he can hold it. It will help draw other Draegloth to him if necessary. Fewer strays escaping are a must if your plan is to even begin to work in your favor."

But would Vesram really do what he said? We had all wondered at the beginning of that discussion, though myself and Gavin less than the others. As when we first met the demonblood outside of Sarilis's Tower, ultimately the others had needed to rely on my understanding of Vesram's motives and a particular level of intimacy I had with him.

"It will be our first move, then," Mourn said, "if at all possible. We won't make him wait, and if we are to get any advantage of surprise at all, let it be this."

That wasn't to say Mourn hadn't discussed out of Gavin's and Vesram's presence a possible back-up plan for us if Vesram lost his nerve. The Priestess's son could still reasonably do that, even though I could not sense any explicit desire to betray us. 

Once more while at the Tower, I'd visited the Draegloth's dreams—this time not forcing him into sex—and I saw snow-covered mountains and a large, Greystone city. He'd been sitting on a hillside, the snowflakes slowly accumulating around him, his toes and fingers finally going numb after aching for hours.

*Ma'ab fear returning to Greylords after death,* he'd told me, mind-to-mind, his speech clearer this way. *Draegloth fear returning to Abyss. Both cling to Miurag, even unwelcome by many.*

*How do you know you won't just be sending all of you into the Abyss at once?* I asked, sitting down in the snow. It compressed beneath me, dry, and at first wasn't cold until I sat still a moment. Then my own heat began to leave me.

Vesram hesitated, looking over the Ma'ab city with blank, yellow eyes. *Prayer.*

*You mean you don't know, you only hope?*

He shook his head no. *Adason prayer, from Grave Mother. Miurag Words to help slow transition, to make choice to stay or go.*

*Each one of them makes a choice, or you for all of them?*

*Each one.*

*So some may return to the Abyss and take their Elf essence with them.*

Vesram nodded. *Some possible. Most will stay, add all essence back to home world. Will have time to choose in a Grey cocoon. Prayer will protect from Chaos for long enough, not to be seized or torn away by force.*

Had I not already watched Shunraeki's death, heard beforehand her fears and the Tilabil's concerns about what might happen to her and the siblings she protected, I might not have believed this. It was more than a lot of us could know in advance about our own ends, or rather...our transition.

Now in the Underdark, we hoped that scepter didn't draw something prematurely, but it was still nice believing Vesram meant everything he said in our planning. I noticed even now the Draegloth made every effort not to touch it with his hands; it was strapped to his pack but as close to his back as possible where he could see it by lifting his right arm.

Its guardianship wasn't dissimilar to me and Soul Drinker, though fewer questioned my ability to wield mine, challenging though it was. Indeed, fewer questions were asked about Soul Drinker at all, and unlike Vesram, it was immensely difficult to know where we stood with the relic. This was hard to talk about or think about with the dagger nearby, and we'd only had a brief time to do so.

We had made the most if it back at the Tower.

"We are relying on Innathi's own desire to make it into the presence of the Valsharess of the Underdark," I had said. "The relic itself doesn't really care about that detail, I understand that now. Soul Drinker does not have the same compulsion to seek Ishuna in spite of what Innathi told me; it only wants to go where there was conflict, and especially where there are Elves." 

"What about Lord Indrath making this cursed thing, and Cris-ri-phon giving it as a wedding gift to Innathi?" Jael asked. "What was the purpose, or the plan? Was there one?"

And had Innathi been corrupted by it, I wondered, or did it only make her an even more feared Queen in her day? It was exceedingly hard to tell, and I couldn't ask those questions and trust her answers not to be severely biased in her favor. It would be the same as the first words I'd heard from Lord Brom's mouth as he held me trapped in his bedroom: It was all Ishuna's fault. My Valsharess had wronged both of them just for having half-bloods in the royal family, and Ishuna wanted her sister's throne enough to kill a laboring mother and eleven children for it. 

With the Underdark Queen's current reign of power, it wasn't hard to believe them.

Yet the former couple were no better now, were they? They wouldn't die, they existed for nothing else but revenge and their own desires influenced by those more powerful than even them. By comparison, their daughter had existed to find peace and safety—the primary reason the Tilabil had taken her in.

The Dagger Queen and the Archmage were both a threat to Isboern and Auslan's quest, and even the Tilabil and the Ancient Child wouldn't speak with them, telling me they were long past their time. Nyx watched the Deathless pass through her realm with no alliance between them, and Gavin tacitly ignored Innathi's concerns after she'd rejected his presence in the Elsewhere; the Queen of the relic clearly saw Nyx's Herald as a threat there.

Yet...the Grey Maiden and the Ice Lord, each present at the core of events for Cris-ri-phon's immortality, if not Innathi's, were *not* at odds with each other? By their own individual admissions, I had heard with my own ears the agreement on who would claim the Tower, and it was the swiftest treaty of its kind that I'd ever heard of. I wasn't sure if I'd ever understand that.

"In the chaos after the Drow regicide and the end of the desert war through Serenity, the dagger was lost," Mourn had pondered. "Kept in isolation, perhaps, with only brief periods of activity."

I nodded. More or less what Innathi had intimated.

"Yet even when Brom held the dagger again recently to give to you, Sirana, he had kept its possession quiet, possibly for three hundred years or more—for the Guild had never seen evidence of it, watching the Archmage closely as we could. In addition, Innathi hadn't made her presence known to the Archmage when she'd had her best opportunity, assuming she never had one before." 

"That is the strangest thing," Jael agreed. "Why not?"

"I think because Innathi has spoken with Lord Indrath at some point," I said.

"Huh?" Gaelan blinked. "Based on what?"

"Well, based first on her strange dress made for a cold climate when she met Mourn—"

"A Queen would be aware of different styles of dress outside her own lands," Mourn interrupted reasonably. "Through guests, art, and stories if not her own travel."

"No, let me finish. Indrath asked me a question at the Tower, remember?" I pressed. "And to answer it, I had to confirm for him that I knew who Lord Brom was and that I was in direct contact with someone who could walk the red sands and had found that abandoned palace at V'Gedra. At the very least, Lord Indrath not only knows where to look for Cris-ri-phon but also could be watching for Auslan in the sands. Maybe even Shyntre, even if he doesn't know their names or who they are—the Ice Lord knows someone exists who healed the Archmage's aura as Lelinahdara was healed."

They nodded; they were still with me, and starting to look as concerned as I was. I continued.

"My question for Indrath, which he granted as truthful of an answer as mine, was the same kind. To answer it, he had to confirm for me that he knows who Innathi is, what she wants, and that he also knows exactly *where* she is. Not only that, but he's fully aware of and probably supporting our attack on Lolth's Priesthood."

Jael chuckled at Gaelan's expression. "Such a wealth of info in two questions. That's our Sister."

The Dragonblood nodded, starting to smile a bit. "Go on, Sirana."

"Innathi only wore desert dress in front of me before, and even in front of Gavin, that red one he saw could easily have been an honor guard uniform for her realm, the trim was the same. Why that exotic, warm dress in front of you, Mourn? Have you seen it before?"

He gave it some thought. "Not exactly. Many similar versions for the North and East peoples. It is as practical as it is grand for the wealthy."

"Do you remember specifics when you stumbled into Indrath's city?" Jael had asked curiously and with surprising insight. "Or are they fuzzy after you left, since you weren't invited?"

Mourn had been quiet for some time after that question; Gaelan rubbed her mouth thoughtfully and hummed. "Mm. The Ice Lord did tell Tamuril she wouldn't have left without his leave if they took her away. He teased you about the same thing, Mourn. How did you get out?"

"With difficulty." 

Another pause. Finally, he nodded. 

"You are correct. The manner of dress I might have seen is...'fuzzy' in my memory. If Innathi wore that dress on purpose, trying to hint something to me without communicating it to you, Sirana, I missed it. But that could imply Indrath has spoken with her after I left Vintern Hjem but before Soul Drinker came back to Brom."

"Which was how long ago exactly?" Jael asked eagerly, and I sat up straighter as we narrowed the time period down.

Mourn looked at Vesram. "Within five years of you and your Mother being taken captive by the Ma'ab. I was up in that area following rumors of that nature."

Gaelan laughed aloud. "Well! Finally something that happened in my lifetime!"

"Brom had Soul Drinker for less than a hundred years." I seized on that, my mind whirling. "First theory: Lord Indrath allowed the Archmage to find it after meeting you, or after realizing the Ma'ab had a Drow Priestess captive. One or both of those things had to be the trigger. And Indrath also would have set Sarilis on the Tower a few decades after that. Nyx said the old Man was a 'gargoyle.' I think she meant a placeholder to keep others away or at least give warning."

And around that time, the Valsharess had sent Rausery to the Surface searching for something...a sword or a dagger or a phoenix ring. Something about Her visions regarding the Archmage had changed.

"Jeeez fuck!" Jael echoed, shaking her head. "So without either of them admitting it to us, we're almost sure Innathi and Lord Indrath planned this?"

"To some extent," Mourn rumbled. "At least set it in motion as Indrath saw more evidence of Drow returning to the Surface. Interesting to think the Grey Maiden could have accepted the Ice Lord's help to return to some power in Miurag while Musanlo blocked her."
