 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

Muah-ha-ha-haaaah...and so! We shall return to Sirana's first mission at last. While I was writing this, I related to the hubby a parallel for this damned western Tower: kind of like the '49 California Gold Rush with layered invisibility spells. The hubby agreed. You'll see what I mean. ;)

*****

Surfacing Chapter 29

Gaelan and I flew out upon Roh with Gavin, passing back into that same rainy, old growth forest outside. We were low, still, and careful as the Greylands beast was near her maximum burden for confident flight.

I wasn't required to be unconscious this time, even though I wasn't sure I would have been able to find my way back in regardless. The most notable thing below me were the same forbidding mountains I'd seen as I waited with Mourn and the others for the Wilder to come to us, and a wide, potentially bottomless chasm filled with white mist drawing a hard line dead center through the difficult, mysterious terrain.

I did believe I'd felt something magical opening and allowing us out, though, I just couldn't see it. Maybe that had something to do with how Mourn got in and out, as he couldn't have simply flown over the chasm before like he was now.

We returned to the cave where we'd first met Tsah, where we had left Gavin's mare and Hellhound servants as well as all my weapons and tools. It was so very strange seeing them standing there, still and silent and more than a bit smelly...and truly undisturbed. I could overlay my older memory of how I'd last seen them and come up with a match, just add more decay in Night-mare. The large, Ma'ab skeletons were as they'd been, weapons and all.

No one with Elf-blood was delighted with the odor but my big Sister reacted the worst, actually vomiting just outside the mouth of the cave. I was kind of surprised it hadn't been me. It had been agreed upon that I would ride the horse again. Gaelan would ride in the air with Roh and Gavin—not unlike how part of her had come here in the first place, so we had no doubt she'd enjoy it. Mourn would carry Jael on his back, whether flying or running once again; I'd been told he could do a mix of both to keep an eye on us all.

With the consideration of my mount, Mourn and Jael had taken a small detour and nabbed a deer on their way over. The half-blood now dragged the entire thing over and released the fresh carcass in front of Night-mare, who immediately lowered her neck and opened her mouth, the skin of her muzzle shrunken and stretched nearly to bone. She began to eat with incongruent, conical and curved teeth, ripping at the hide and the flesh beneath, swallowing whole chunks without chewing, bobbing her head occasionally to work it down.

"Kuthila igaythi," Gaelan said with a flick and release of something from her pouch.

A stiff wind blew in around one side of the cave, curving back and coming out along the other wall. It effectively pushed out the stale, dead air and most of us took a deeper, easier breath.

"Ah, that's better," Jael said.

At the same time, the Hellhounds reacted to the pressure on their bones and turned their skulls to look at one another, making clumsy, silent hand-sign similar to when they were alive, their jaws briefly clapping at each other. Gaelan gave a little shriek of alarm.

"No, no, it's okay," I said, stepping to touch her arm. "Gavin's said that's just something like muscle memory. They're not really thinking or talking. They won't take any action he doesn't give them. Right, Gavin?"

Gavin grunted indifferently, too busy checking over his mare—he was folding over little thin spots in her hide and somehow sealing them with his finger. It was probably only working because Night-mare was eating.

"Right?" I said louder.

"Correct," he answered. "If the Hellhounds come at you, it's because I told them to do so. Just as I said during our planning."

"I-I forgot," Gaelan admitted. "I've never seen anything like that before."

I patted her shoulder. "It'll get easier. Just ask Gavin any questions you have. He'll tell you."

"What I can," he modified. "When I can."

"At least you agree."

Mourn scuffed the dirt with his feet at the back of the cave as we talked and then he crouched down to dig at it with his hands. It was still soft and loose from when he'd made the hole the first time—no water or creature had ever reached this spot to change how he'd once filled it in.

I let out a breath. No sense delaying the necessary, I supposed.

"I hate this," Jael muttered, folding her arms but keeping her distance.

Gaelan looked at her. "What? And why?"

"Sirana talking to that dagger, and the queen inside," she said, looking at me and shrugging apologetically. "Sorry...I just hate it. I can't help if you need help. I can't even get near you."

"You could," my Deathwalker pointed out.

"I won't," she corrected flatly. "Not after the first time."

"A good idea," he agreed, almost finished with Night-mare's physical. "I'll reiterate Gaelan should not touch Sirana during any communion with the dagger, either. Nor may I interfere, so says the queen herself if we want her cooperation. Mourn could, if needed. He has an invitation and skill enough to hold his own against will-benders of any sort."

The hybrid stood up, dusting off his hands. He'd left the last little bit for me to do, to actually reach into the thin layer of dirt and pull out my things. He nodded now, looking at all of us, showing he'd heard our conversation but resting his eyes on me. 

"Innathi will not try to overtake you while you carry your son, Sirana. Remember that."

"She could always change her mind once I'm too far along to actually abort her like I threatened," I said, hating the taste of my own words in my mouth even as I accepted I'd said that, and I had meant it at the time. "Or she might think of something else."

"She may think of something else, I'll grant, but she will not lightly return to become male, and she believes you would make the choice to kill an infant than let her grow up with her memories and power intact, added to the unknown power of your baby's body." He watched me steadily. "You also understand others would come to do it, even if you ultimately could not make the final blow."

"Like you," I suggested. "Even though you said you don't harm children."

His face hardened, but Gavin took over, turning from his horse to face me and folding his hands in front of him. "Sadly, if such a thing occurs, it is not a child he would be killing but one displaced by a very old and very powerful soul—much worse than the hungry dead at Manalar. It could also be myself given the task, Sirana, or any other linked to the Godblood's quest. Cris-ri-phon and Innathi cannot meet again on Miurag."

Mourn nodded. "Their time is past. If Innathi should ever choose and take a new body, she must use it only give back what she's denied to the world that made her. This is the only fate Lord Brom can look forward to as well. Like Sarilis, Innathi will be easier to destroy at the beginning of such a transformation than waiting centuries for her to gain resources such as her husband did."

"Don't tell her that," I said with a forced laugh, my stomach trembling as tears I didn't ask for started to well in my eyes. "Or this won't work."

"I will not," Mourn said seriously. "I promise."

Both Gaelan and Jael responded to this by taking the few steps to touch me, a solid grip on my shoulder from Jael and Gaelan patted my stomach and squeezed my upper arm. It reminded me that they counted on me as much as I counted on them. This type of thinking was definitely a new thing between us but I did feel better, taking a breath as both my tears and the hard spot in my chest retreated, lifted. 

It felt as though none of us saw it as weak. Not anymore.

"Alright," I said. "I'm ready."

*******

When I reached down into the dirt for my belt with the relic attached, tugged it up and dusted it off, Soul Drinker whispered as if just waking from sleep, and it was a little confused.

*Who...are you?*

With a wry smirk I took hold of the red rune hilt, and pulled. As always Soul Drinker tried to wrest away control. It gave up more quickly this time, acquiescing to my demand.

*I will see her.*

*Yesss...*

It would bide its time a little longer. 

I showed up wearing my Red Sister uniform even as I felt I had a few more choices now in portraying myself to the ancient queen. No sense tipping my hand too early and charging in far too different from how she'd last communed with me, too aggressive when there was no imminent threat. I wouldn't dominate her, she wouldn't touch me in the Elsewhere; we couldn't really come into contact without something happening that we both wanted to avoid, so there was no point to a swift arrival or a test of wills.

I stepped up onto the platform, looking around. Things hadn't changed much. Innathi had decided to use Hellhound-pretender Kurn and the actual Hellhound, Yuncis, for decoration around her elegant, gilded chaise. Both Ma'ab had identical sapphire cock piercings and they kneeled, chins down and hands behind their backs, barrel chests on display.

Innathi lay in full repose between them, looking up at the blue-tinged Stars, her chest rising and falling beneath her white silk dress, one hand smoothing the draping skirt in between her thighs so that it outlined her mound clearly yet it was still hidden from view. She was touching herself lightly; she looked kind of bored.

"We thought you'd run away," she said without looking at me.

"I'm here," I replied, standing straight and patient.

Her brows came down and slowly she turned her head toward me. "What have you been up to, soul warrior?"

"Training."

Another large pause. Her eyes narrowed, and maybe she tried to read me. I didn't feel anything; either she couldn't get close enough for me to need a push back or she hadn't actually thought it worth pressing in. I only knew there weren't any stray thoughts for her to catch like moths in a net.

"For what?" she finally asked.

"A fight with a lich."

Her displeasure showed itself in her two large Ma'ab flinching in pain without being touched. "We aren't going to the Underdark."

I shook my head. "Not yet. We have to destroy a new lich, first."

"We," she repeated with a sneer. "This sounds like you expect us to help you. Just like we were expected to help you with the Ma'ab, and Manalar, and Warpstone. We wait, and wait, we do not interfere with your 'negotiations' as you requested, we stay when we're not welcome where you are—"

"Unfortunate but necessary."

"According to who?" 

She sat up and swept her legs around, touching her feet lightly to the sand-dusted stone. She stared hard with red eyes, trying to hold contact, and now I felt a distinct nudge as her aura flared. A bit of her own lying-detection, I realized.

"Nyx's Herald, of course," I said, holding her eyes. "And the Dragonchild agrees and will help. I will help them, in exchange for their support when I return to the Underdark with you."

The ancient queen calmed some of her irritation hearing this, but shook her head once.

"The Deathwalker will not follow you down below," Innathi said flatly.

"That's interesting you say. Why not? There are natural deaths down there as well as anywhere."

"The Sun doesn't reach there," the desert queen said. "The Deathwalkers by legend were only found where the Sun provided the gift of life. The core of the world was removed from this influence and not part of the pact."

"Did you know about the existence of the Underdark as a living queen?" I asked curiously.

"No. But I have existed a very long time." Innathi smiled, still sitting casually, braced on her slender arms decorated with gold bands. "The Dragonchild, on the other hand...well. He was born there. Of course he can go back. So you're saying Nyx wants this lich destroyed and the Dragonchild has made a bargain to fight for this, and with our help," she indicated herself and me as well as the general area of the Elsewhere, "he will attend us down below as well and stand against Ishuna?"

"Yes," I answered simply.

"Will there be any other quests or contracts between the lich and the Underdark?"

"No, Your Grace."

The Drow queen glanced at her Hellhounds with an attractive, distant smile before she blinked and looked back at me. "A fine bargain, I grant you. Your instincts are good. I wish to speak with the Dragonchild directly."

I frowned, and she straightened up, somehow drawing attention to her breasts before standing up and coming a bit closer. I felt her presence pushing outward.

"If we are to understand our role you'd made for us in the time you've been gone, we will speak with him," she said.

"Who is 'we'?" I asked.

"Myself and Soul Drinker, of course," she said impatiently. "Yes or no?"

"If the answer is no?" I shrugged. "You need not cooperate against the lich but it might get one or more of us killed, and depending who it is we might not go back to the Underdark at all."

Innathi stopped pushing at me, relaxing her aura and putting gently curled fingers up to her lips as she thought carefully what to do next.

"You don't *need* to talk to the Dragonchild about this bargain," I said. "You just want to, Your Grace. This is so, don't try to veil me."

She wasn't pleased with me at all for calling her on that but she wasn't about to lose her temper. "Very well. Yes. I just want to see him for myself."

"Why?"

She hissed slightly, and I noticed several oddly clear curls show in a part of her aura as she considered and discarded a few responses. The final curl straightened out as she made her choice and looked at me again. This was an instant before I realized she'd decided to be truthful.

"Any time he's touched you while you held Soul Drinker, and it has been several times...I've felt closer to home than I've ever been. As if he stood just on the other side of a gate, and I could take hold of his hand and he'd help me step over a puddle to come home...if only the carrying vessel was waiting for me to land within. 

"He is a guardian for our world by his Dragon's blood, but also a mage's match for my own Elf magic. There would be no better anchor to making sure the transference into the Priestess's body happened swiftly and safely. But I would need to speak with him about this."

A mage's match? Like Gaelan had said about D'Shea and Phaelous, and about Jael herself—Innathi's and Ishuna's own descendant. I shouldn't be too surprised, given the blood link and Ishuna's own desire to claim the hybrid as a powerful servant.

So Innathi wanted him, too. I had suspected something like that when she rejected Gavin as my escort but suggested Mourn in this place, I just did not know why. Now it seemed fairly obvious.

"You know he is mature enough to be powerful, but also think he is still young enough to be controlled," I said bluntly.

Innathi smirked a little bit at my statement. "He is only a little younger than me. About five hundred, correct? I am a little over six..."

I shook my head, not playing the game. "You are as old as Ishuna. Possibly older as time seems to move faster here than on Miurag."

She frowned. Then laughed as she stepped with a graceful turn to reach for Yuncis's cock, tickling and tugging on his piercing. He flinched a little bit.

"Very well," she said. "I mentioned once your mercenary reminded me of my husband, yes? Forgive me the fanciful daydreams, Sirana. It has indeed been a...very...long time since I have had an equal in bed. I still feel my desires, and males who cower—" She slapped Kurn's cock hard enough to make him double-over— "are for entertainment only. A true breeding male can't quail before a queen if he would accept the honor."

I narrowed my eyes. "A bit difficult to breed here, isn't it?"

"Impossible," she granted, her mouth twisting sourly. "But when I come back... I will be seeking a new sire, Sirana. Ishuna is dried up and childless. That is the first thing which must change: the new queen of the Drow much be fertile and have children." 

"More mixed bloods?" I said. "Haven't you had twelve already?"

She turned to face me fully, scowling at first but waving her hand to push the memory to the side. She was only looking at the future now. "The Dragonchild is meant to live long without finding insanity like my husband. And what better way than with Dragon blood to strengthen our lineage and our link to our world and push Lolth farther and farther away from us? To protect us from Abyssal taint and their influence?"

I stared without saying anything at first. Then: "Very well. I'll tell him you wish to meet him. It is his choice, though."

"Unacceptable," she stated. "You must convince him to come here."

I paused a moment to look at the Stars and the blue sands. Belatedly I realized how quiet it was; no shrieking voices distracting me, hovering around and above me. They weren't completely gone; they were still there...just farther back, unable to crowd me or tug for my attention. I had evidence my protections were much stronger now; I wondered if that was why Innathi had been more honest as well, even if having this conversation now wasn't in her best interest.

"I will do my best," I said, and she smiled beautifully. "Are you and Soul Drinker ready to travel again?"

She nodded. "Get me my audience with the Dragonchild, Sirana, and we will tell you a few secrets that will help you with the lich."

*******

I sheathed and set the dagger as far away from me and the others as I could stretch before I allowed a particular thought to come back to me. From Rennyn, when he'd been telling me why I could trust Gavin. 

He said, *We know truth from his actions. If he was more like the Ascended, he would try to convince you to allow more and more servants into your service...under the guise of "protecting" you...*

Sex and breeding as an obsession, expanding and controlling and deciding for all others how it should be...just as it was with the blackest side of the undead. No real difference there, just two sides of the same coin.

Innathi wasn't any better than Ishuna, but I had had this feeling for some time now. Whatever it had been like in the desert before we left the Surface, I didn't think we'd had any sort of balance then, either.

"Sirana?" Jael asked quietly. "What's wrong?"

I looked up at her, glanced at the sliders crossed on her back and smiled a bit. I was glad it was her who had them; there was much more potential for our race's future in her than there was in either of her great-grandmothers.

"We can leave any time," I said. "Soul Drinker will cooperate. At some point on our way...Innathi wants me to bring Mourn into a communion to ask him for something specific, and in exchange she'll offer some additional knowledge on how to fight a lich."

"She offers a dual bargain," Mourn commented cautiously. "With you, to pressure you to allow her to bargain directly with me."

I nodded slowly, and Jael clenched her fists. Even Gavin was suspicious as he took his chin lightly into his fingers.

"Hm. What 'specific' thing does she want?" the necromancer asked.

"When it comes time to wed her to her new body," I said. "She has a groom in mind already for her first child."

Gaelan and Jael didn't quite understand the reference to a groom, otherwise their reactions might've been bigger. Gavin and Mourn both did, though; the hybrid's tail lashed with irritation and I saw a flash of fang.

"You are going to follow through on that, then?" Gavin asked. "Giving a Priestess to Soul Drinker."
