 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

For pacing, this chapter has a lot in common with Chapter 12: the time Sirana spent seeing Yong-wen and Augran. It's been a while since I needed to set up a whole new place that wasn't a hole in the ground (Retreat); it surprised me how much energy that requires sometimes!

Now, picking up where we left off...

******

"A moment, please, unless you insist on tasting nothing but Jael's snatch while we talk."

Mourn flicked his tongue by reflex; clearly he might not have minded all that much, but I didn't wait for a response before I hobbled over to the stream, dragging my belt so that I could get a cloth to wipe down my sticky, scalding face and soggy, bruised crotch. I noted that the evening had grown much closer—this trance had taken longer than my communions with Soul Drinker, not a few moments or minutes but maybe an hour? 

How long had Mourn and Jael been feeling their lust as they held me, restraining themselves from fucking me as hard as they had while unconscious? While I was grateful to have been awake to enjoy it, this was also one of those times when, while the lust craze was worth it, I had no choice but to reflect on the body parts which were going to hurt once I came down from my high. 

Had I bitten my lip, or caught it between my teeth and Jael's pubic bone? Yes. Had someone wrenched my ear, had I bonked my nose, had someone been gripping my hips and sides so hard they left bruises? Yes. Was my asshole sore from the invading tail, and my slit a bit torn from Mourn's knot both getting shoved in and tugged back out before it had gone at all? Oh, fuck, yes! 

Whether the hybrid understood it or not, I felt good; nothing else could have satisfied.

So...that was what they had done to me. What had I done to them, exactly, to cause them to give me that, even if it might not have been their first impulse? Each of them was highly aware of and generally careful of my pregnant state. I felt fine, as far as that was concerned; no cramps in my belly. Even if my womb had been bumped a few times, nothing that wasn't part of a normal fuck leaking out of my body. 

In fact, I still felt Auslan's magic deep inside. It reminded me of what Lelinahdara had done to me on Lolth's altar, when I'd won passage into the Sisterhood—or at least won the opportunity. The intense, crippling need to cum, to make a male give me his seed, with mindless drive; the whole reason I'd first fucked and then killed a psionic Duergar in the first place. That had been divine magic saturating me at the time, or maybe life magic— something of which Auslan possessed an abundance, if there was a difference— laying down an irrepressible urge to use my newly-returned fertility as soon as possible. 

Was it just my communion with Auslan? Maybe, maybe not, but even if Isboern had been here I doubt I would be asking him if more of it had been direct psionics on my end. The telling part would be whether the urge resurfaced in either of my partners later on without my direct influence. I hoped not.

My face was almost clean when Jael joined me to wipe down her thighs and crotch, and another moment later Mourn join us to dunk his tail and splash chilly water over his lingering erection and sticky thighs. Like Jael, he had completely removed his pants at some point before I woke up, but he still possessed his harness as she had her leather armor. They had removed their double-blades, however. 

Graul had been completely silent, and when I glanced at him, he was watching us wide-eyed and remained very still, his nose buried in Mourn's cloak. Not even the drake knew what to make of the abrupt rut.

Eventually we each got ourselves cleaned up, clothed, and set to rights, and the others watched me expectantly. I placed my hand over a tender spot on my head, even though it was inside and putting pressure on my skull wouldn't do any good. Maybe I was just trying to convey a bit of genuine uncertainty, a loss of control. 

I hadn't done whatever I did on purpose. At the same time, I felt no actual regret for what I could consider a great fuck with them - whether or not by the end I might be required to apologize for it anyway.

"Auslan needed my help to protect Shyntre from a dangerous ritual he was being forced to undergo back home," I said hoarsely, and softer than I normally spoke as I considered the outcome. "It worked, we interfered with the ritual on...some level. The wizard survived it no worse for wear. I have more time now."

Jael pursed her lips. "We have more time now."

I huffed a quiet laugh and nodded tiredly, not up to arguing that point right now.

"It is a certainty you will return home for them," Mourn stated, crouching next to where Jael and I sat on the grass.

I blinked and looked at his face, but nodded. Yes. I still didn't know how I would achieve it, but there was no doubt anymore. Not after what I felt on the red sands. I couldn't leave them down there to die.

The Guild Leader didn't blink. "You must act prior to giving birth."

Again I nodded. "Yes."

His tail slid along the ground, fanning the blades of grass; his expression firmed up like stone. "You have four or five months, at most, before you will be dangerously heavy. Sooner if you do not wish to get caught by the snow up in the high mountains." 

Good to know; good and practical.

"Is it physically possible to travel and get Gaelan," Jael said, "move on to Sarilis's Tower, then get back underground by then?"

"Only with our current mounts and method," the hybrid said flatly. "Assuming we destroy Sarilis soon after we challenge him and it is not a lingering task. Assuming nothing stops her travel through the Underdark."

How I loved piles of assumptions. At least Mourn wasn't assuming he'd be going underground with me. Even though there was what the Valsharess had told me of one of her visions, I wasn't ready to bring it up.

There was a lot I wasn't ready to bring up.

I shifted to lean against a tree trunk, trying to get just a little more of the pressure off of my pussy and back hole. Mourn's ears shifted slightly before he looked over his shoulder, and soon I heard Gavin's footsteps as he returned to us, now that there was regular conversation going on. The necromancer took his favored seat on one of the larger rocks and braced himself on his thighs, his hands together as he studied me.

"You accomplished what you were summoned to do," Gavin said. "Good. Was that surge just now a pleasurable reward for your success? If so, who granted it?"

The way he said it at first gave me the mental picture of my Consort patting me on the head and saying that since I had done such a good job saving Shyntre, he now presented me with his glorious, otherwise-untouchable body. It pulled a smile onto my face, because that wasn't too far from how some Matrons acted with their own males at home.

"If it was a reward," I said, "it was my idea. I wasn't really conscious last time my body was in bed with the Consort, when I first caught."

Jael nodded in affirmation, and Mourn noted it. 

"This time, our bodies weren't together but... I don't know, it was some very intense dream-fucking."

Or maybe mind-fucking?

"We could tell," Mourn said, one corner of his mouth rising as the tip of his tail coiled up then extended. Then the smile faded and he looked serious again. "Deathwalker makes a good point in asking who granted it. Where were you at the time? If you were upon the red sands again, you would have been exposed."

He was leading me.

"How would you know that?" I asked, my eyes narrowing suspiciously. "Have you ever been there?"

The hybrid paused. Then, "I have."

"Drider shit," I challenged, and we locked eyes. "You didn't recognize the red sands when I first mentioned them to you in Augran."

"You are certain?"

"Yes," I said flatly. "You aren't quite as good covering your ticks in your Human form."

"That, or I have well-practiced ticks."

"I'll go with my gut, thank you."

He smiled. "And I could not have seen the dunes afterward?" he suggested. "We shared a much deeper understanding at the inn."

"When?" I demanded. "When were you *ever* asleep long enough to dream of the desert, bodyguard?"

"The Retreat, maybe?" Jael suggested, sitting tensely between us.

I paused, realized that was a real possibility though I did not take my eyes from Mourn and his tail as I instead wanted for his answer. It was non-verbal, but he answered. Jael had hit on it.

"Alright, when you collapsed after teleporting us out of Manalar," I said. "You woke up when Soul Drinker threatened Jael."

"When Soul Drinker threatened you," he corrected. "You called me awake, like you did Captain Isboern."

I fell quiet, thinking back on that struggle with my Sister. It was uncomfortable to do so— for Jael as well, judging from her shifting. I remembered calling for help, yes.

"You claim I not only called you back to help me, but at the time called you back from the red dunes specifically?" I said, narrowing my eyes again.

Mourn nodded once.

"Prove it," I said. "Convince me, To'vah."

He exhaled slowly, golden eyes so much like Lethrix and yet I wouldn't mistake them if given only that feature to judge. It had to do with the intent I saw within, and the intangible age.

"Brom is not dead," the hybrid said with an undercurrent of a growl. "Your life priest healed what the black vial did to him."

Damn. Gavin could have spoken up at this point but didn't. He sat and listened; like the first time we had ever talked with the half-blood mercenary, the grey mage simply absorbed what knowledge he would get for free.

"You could have gotten that from my communion just now," I said. "Auslan confessed that he healed Brom. How do I know what you did or didn't see while you protected me just now?"

"I protected you more than you know," he said.

My brows lifted Skyward. "You actually want to move on a tangent?"

"A notable one."

"Well then, keep talking, Guild Leader. I'm still not convinced."

"You drew Soul Drinker on the sands. It led you toward Ishuna. You ran a great distance, rather like our travel today, and—"

I kept my mouth and mind shut, even as I saw where he might be going with this. "And?"

"I made sure Soul Drinker didn't blow your cover before your queen. She wants me anyway, she sent you for me. I gave her what she wanted instead of what you intend."

Was that why the queen was screeching at my like a mad one? She thought she saw Mourn? She wanted him...that was correct. Just like Innathi wanted him, really. Speaking of which, I looked down. I realized my belt contained an empty, red-rune sheath. A spread of worry bloomed within my chest as I looked around and spotted the relic buried in another tree trunk across the stream, straight from where I'd been sitting. I must have thrown it again, both in the sands and here.

"How much of that conversation did you hear?" I asked bluntly.

"Enough."

Fuck.

"But not all of it, I gather. Could you see what I could?"

"No," he answered readily. "I could only sense where you were, entwine my aura to obscure yours, and hear some of your thoughts. Trying to see through your eyes would have compromised your will."

Jael and Gavin and Graul were all still silent, held with rapt attention. Krithannia's words about being more open came back, and I realized the irony in that for a secret-mongering Guildmistress.

"So...you experienced everything," I said flatly. "Why are we talking now? Why do you even ask what happened?"

Mourn shook his head. "Not everything. I lost you shortly after you passed over the border of the sand dunes with your life priest. I did not sense you again until you'd returned, and...your aura began surging. At this point I only knew you had succeeded."

Mourn very well may have sensed his sire as well...but we'd get to that. One tangent at a time.

"Back to Brom," I directed. "You knew he wasn't dead from the first day at the Retreat. You chose not to mention it to me."

"I had very little information from an interrupted flight in reverie."

That's right; he had said back at the temple that he only flew in his dreams...

"You were burdened from seeing the Draegloth and coming to terms with Jael," Mourn added. "I chose not to lump more weight on top of you."

I grunted, ripping some grass out of the ground. "So describe it to us now. What did you see?"

Mourn blinked slowly, tilted his head as his gaze turned inward toward memory, and I glimpsed his spines lift halfway before he consciously lay them back down. He drew in a deep breath and considered his words, speaking deliberately. 

"I saw an abandoned desert palace surrounded by fire-stone ruins within the dunes—a place I'd not seen before, but from which sounded a cry for help. This palace was where the Archmage returned when dying, but somehow your Consort found him there. I flew over the site and saw the sorcerer attacking your Consort, intending to rape him at minimum, kill him if he could, now that the Deathless had evaded the Greylands yet again and was healed. I was in my To'vah form. I landed and struck the Archmage away. The Consort was able to run. He escaped from the sands."

I felt a cold squeeze on my stomach as my eyes widened in surprise and rage. "Wha—? Th-the Archmage tried to...?"

Mourn blinked slowly, keeping his face carefully still. "Auslan didn't tell you this in his confession."

I could only shake my head and the hybrid shrugged.

"It probably wasn't a necessary detail at the time."

"Not necessary?!" I said, my voice going higher than I intended.

"If the prime fact was that he healed and therefore indebted the sorcerer to him, and this was already much for you to take in, why mention an attempted assault interrupted by an unknown Dragon?"

I wanted to think he was teasing me, but Mourn's face was straight as ever.

Why mention it? Well, it would have been nice for me to have better questions prepared by now, and make the connection earlier than this! Although, then, I'd still remain unconvinced of...what, exactly? That Moryxxyleth knew the way to the red dunes now, thanks to Auslan being able to reach him... through me?

The mental image of Cris brutalizing my Consort as he had me at his inn disturbed me greatly. Auslan wasn't strong like me, and for him it would probably be worse—at least Cris hadn't wanted to kill me, he'd wanted to breed me. My Consort didn't have that value; he couldn't take that treatment and not break. No one lacking any ability to defend could. 

I felt a painful lump in my throat as I scowled murderously at the ground. Brom certainly had taught Mathias well, hadn't he? They both deserved to be courted by the Kyton.

"You heard Auslan call for help?" Jael asked him. "How?"

"Most likely," Gavin spoke up, "with Sirana awake, the Consort did not have the time or power to overcome this—he reached for someone with whom Sirana is connected, who was already in the dreamscape.

Mourn nodded. "I heard and answered."

"What about just now?" Jael asked. "It was you he called this time, Deathwalker."

The slight quirk of a dark eyebrow told me my Sister wasn't quite right this time.

"His mother called, actually," I said, causing the necromancer to look sharply at me. "Gavin wasn't asleep and Auslan still isn't that powerful. But Nyx and her servants are, at least where it pertains to Gavin. Am I right?"

Gavin grunted and considered my expression. "You saw Ada again?"

I nodded. "She's been masking Auslan with a grey mist when he's in the dunes."

Jael squinted. "If that's so, where was she when Brom attacked him and Mourn had to save him?"

"Possible she has been there only since he was attacked," the hybrid answered her. "He was very small on the dunes before. The conflict with the Archmage would make him much more noticeable. He gained a lot of power from it, from what I sensed now through Sirana."

As Gavin had gained from dying and opening the rift; as Isboern had gained from protecting and healing the pool. And Auslan was now obvious enough even outside of the borders of the red dunes to attract a very lusty Dragon...one with a specific question for the "life priest." Lethrix knew.

"Did you sense anyone else, Mourn?" I asked directly, this time leading him. "When my aura aroused you. Who did you sense?"

"You and the Consort," he said readily, serpentine eyes steady and unblinking.

"No one else?"

"Ada was subtle, though she must have been performing her work."

"You asked 'who granted' the reward. You said we would have been 'exposed' for others in reverie to sense. In other words, you know neither Auslan nor I understand how to mask ourselves there. And yet we fucked hard enough for the lust to spill over onto you and Jael while you were awake!"

Mourn's smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. "So either you just made a very foolish mistake and were lucky no one found you—for now—or someone guarded you."

"Very good." I straightened my spine. "Someone guarded us. Any guesses, smartass?"

The large halfbreed again drew in a deep, rowing breath, let it out again. "All that matters is your answer, Sirana. Will you answer?"

Nothing to volunteer? Fine.

"Lethrix."

Graul snorted in surprise, and Jael's mouth sagged a bit. 

Gavin had been resting intertwined fingers against his lips but now lifted his head up to ask, "Who is this?"

Mourn had a tight smirk on his face; he still watched me but he answered Gavin. "My sire."

"Coincidentally," I cut in, still watching Mourn, "Auslan told me one of the Red Sisters just discovered that a Dragon is awake in the Underdark."

"Oh, my," Gavin murmured dead pan.

"It is the same one, right?" I asked Mourn. "There couldn't be a second."

"Not likely," the hybrid granted, but offered no more.

"Why not?" I pushed. "Is Lethrix the only Dragon in the Underdark?"

"As far as I knew. I have never sensed another, even on the Surface."

"While awake, you haven't. What about in reverie, when you're flying?"

Mourn nodded. "There are others. I have never met them. I would ask in return, Sirana, your description of the bargain, and why it was necessary."

"How do you know there was a bargain?"

"Because I know my sire."

"Talk with him much since he traded you?"

"Occasionally."

"In reverie. Not face-to-face."

"Correct." He stared hard at me. "Sirana, the bargain. This is important."

I had to look away in order to think; I plucked a wide blade of grass and pulled off thin, vertical strings as I focused. "He was waiting for us as we hurried to the Underdark. He said, I think, that he just wanted a look at us. He was curious."

Out of my periphery I detected Mourn nod. "He learned about you from someone. Did he mention who?"

"It wasn't you?"

"No."

That was a surprise. Assuming he wasn't lying. 

"I am not lying," Mourn said.

Pretty convincing. Also, according to Lethrix, supposedly the Illithids were "gossiping" about me, weren't they...? Oh, Hells. Would I have to explain the Illithids again? Back to Ullipmious and Kerse and that fucking Abyssal ritual? Didn't Mourn already know about the escaped squid-face from linking with me? Maybe, but Gavin didn't know. Fuck. 

No. I started with the "other" known contact first.

"It must have been the Red Sister who met Lethrix recently. She was put in the same space as Auslan—being held in isolation—after her discovery of the Dragon."

Jaul's eyes had to be wide. "Who discovered him?"

I lifted my head from the blade of grass to look at her. "Jaunda."
