 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2015.

Hoo-boy! So here we are, the final Underdark chapter before the two plotlines start blending together! :) I will give the same warning here I gave my patrons: This was one of the most challenging chapters to bring together so far. We are dealing with all those layers built up in the previous Underdark chapters now colliding. I admit this chapter took a lot more energy from the writer, so it will likely also require a bit more energy for the reader to comprehend. Please enjoy, and try not to blink. ;)

****** 

Surfacing Chapter 30

The Dragon could always count on the Baenar of the Underdark to pause and collect themselves after each jarring shift, after all who intended to move had done so and taken their consequences, and those who decided to wait a little longer stepped back to just outside the arena. If they never stopped shifting, if they never failed to make a move when an opportunity arose—without regard for longevity—they would destroy themselves. They would not be able to function as a society; in all they had forgotten, they at least had not forgotten that. 

He knew where this tendency had developed; it was an early social survival response to an often chaotic world. He even commended them on it. It showed the Abyss did not have an unbreakable hold on them. Really, starting with their weasel-Queen all the way down to the homeless Drow of the City, it was like a mass of children rough-housing near a cliff and catching themselves just before they rolled off the edge. They often looked down, wide-eyed, and thought to themselves, "Just what the fuck am I doing?!"

Then they'd calm down for a while and watch each other suspiciously, wondering if the other was thinking the same thing or not. Dare one of them speak up and question the way of things...? Invariably, through that pause, they'd convince themselves that the other did not think the same thing at all, and if they didn't move first the other would.

And so Lolth never became bored with her place on Miurag. This was exactly why the Abyss did not have a society to speak of, and why some of them—like the Spider Queen—took advantage of the rules made elsewhere. Because even some of the demons wanted longevity somewhere, if not their home plane.

Lethrix had helped the Baenar recall the difference between home and the Abyss in a good moment just now, though, and he was satisfied with the outcome. It worked out as he had estimated. A few days of chaos and the shifting of positions beginning with Jaunda's return from the wilderness, and now there would be twenty more days of calmer waiting after they had finally—finally!—decided not to do something extraordinarily stupid. Like kill the Dreamwalker or Jaunda.

It also gave him the time required to walk among them and hear a bit of what was on their minds. He had a lot to catch up on.

He liked Rausery. She was interesting, keeping her old leader busy and raising the illusion of chaos for both the "Prime" and the Queen and what was left of the Priestesses, to make it seem like things had not calmed down yet. Meanwhile, her "shadows" behind Rausery's red cloak kept the Dreamwalker safe; things were quite calm for him, and for Jaunda... even for the collateral damage in their supreme sorceress being down in the Queen's prison, which by no viewpoint was a good idea right now.

Lethrix did not believe that was as for as flimsy of a reason as a Red Sister becoming pregnant, either, as Rausery had thought. It had to do with the sorceress's grown boy, and her grown boy's sire, their supreme wizard, both being kept in the Palace after that rumble with the Abyss a bit ago. Which meant it had to do with Lolth and the Driders in some way. But that was such a "given," it was barely worth pointing out.

Those were the two he had to get close to next. He still had a few days. Or cycles.

"Whatever, I love a challenge," he murmured on the Drow streets, surrounded by Baenar as not a one spared more than a glance for the urchin crawling pitiably in the rubbish. The child was watching the tall spires of the Palace.

*******

"If we're not getting Phaelous back anytime soon and if we're waiting the whole of the twenty cycles before the Valsharess will decide to let out either D'Shea or Jaunda, then isn't it my task and my responsibility to see to other matters you're already aware of, Prime? Or are you so distracted by Varessa's ass even you can't make a decision?"

It would have been solid punch to the face in response to that remark, but Rausery caught the Prime's wrist and deflected it to one side. They were alone, so the Elder could get away with it. Not without consequences, but she'd get away with it. She had before. 

They glared at each other, fists clenched. Then Rausery took a punch to her protected gut instead, grunting as much as laughing as she shrugged it off.

"Feel better, Prime? You hearing me now?"

Her superior's dull eyes stared through her; she looked like she hadn't been sleeping much lately. "Rausery, if I didn't need you right now, I swear to Lolth..."

"Yeah, I know. Like the last six or seven times." Rausery gave her that cocky grin that had once convinced the Prime to give her a chance way back at the beginning. "So what do you want to tackle first? The Sisters grabbed a confirmed psionic Duergar and just brought him in a cycle ago. We've got a suppression collar on for now. I could go to the Tower and get Callitro, try out those headbands they're testing. Meanwhile you could talk to the Valsharess again, convince Her to give the Tower wizards to the Sisterhood for the time being, until Phaelous can take over his duties again."

Prime wrinkled her nose and shook her head. "Her Highness won't do it."

"You haven't even brought it up, Prime."

"I don't have to. I know She won't do it. No mixing the sexes, we won't get anything done. Best we can do is keep watching the Illithids through the gem."

Rausery quirked an incredulous eyebrow; did the old warrior just hear herself? "Nothing's happened since it was placed. D'Shea will tell if there's any change."

"Not if we don't lift the magic suppression and get regular reports."

Rausery snorted and decided to say it. "Or it's your best excuse to finally get laid on regular basis. Fuck me, Prime, you're acting like a novice catching her first initiate in the wilderness. You have an entire Cloister of slits and star-holes that could be presented to you. Anytime."

"That's the problem," the Prime muttered, staring off to the side, distracted again before looking back. "So she's not deformed like we always thought."

It took a moment for Rausery to catch up to her...then she remembered asking Sirana a similar question just a few years ago. She and the Prime had wondered if the Priestesses had fucked up D'Shea's body somehow, or if Shyntre's birth had, so she didn't have much sex anymore. Not the case, apparently; D'Shea was just picky.

"So?"

The Prime's left nostril raised. "The sorceress always did think herself above the others once she became an Elder. Wouldn't fuck any one of 'em for fun, I noticed. Barely did the training. Always thought something was wrong with her. The majority of endurance training she didn't do landed on your shoulders."

Rausery shrugged. "One of the perks, really. Her loss if she didn't regularly sample her brood. They are still loyal."

"I'm sure that's where the trouble started," the Prime grumped. "I know Corpora Thena and her sub, Suna, don't respect her even now. Never have. Yet you've never had recurring trouble like she's had."

Rausery cleared her throat. "I don't think it's that simple, Prime. You've forgotten Shyntre already? And how D'Shea acted around him, the compulsion? Thena and Suna in particular saw a lot of that boy when he was here. Then there's the Priestesses fucking with her memories, Phaelous fucking with her head, really I'm surprised she managed as well as she did—"

Predictably, the Prime shrugged it off and didn't want to discuss that anymore. "Still weak enough to get fuckin' pregnant again, by the same fuckin' wizard as the first time. And this time, the Valsharess didn't even want it! I think we'll be looking for a new Elder, Rausery. She just needs to squirt it out, and the Queen will get rid of her."

"Assuming the Illithids don't annihilate us all."

"Pfeh. The Valsharess has a plan."

"Oh? When are you going to tell me, Prime?"

"When She says so."

"So you don't even know."

"Shut your fucking mouth, urchin."

Again the Prime looked off to the side; Rausery didn't really want to know what was going through her mind when the old Drow showed a vicious smirk. "Meanwhile, D'Shea is exactly where the Queen puts her. And just what a protesting Noble needs: some punishment to remind her of her place."

Rausery had to hide her disgust this time, looking down briefly. She did keep her mouth shut this time. *You could not be more wrong. Or more myopic.* 

The Elder tried again, unsuccessfully, to convince the Prime to see the Queen again about the wizards. Again she got that vague hint that the Valsharess was already working on it. The Elder wasn't sure what to do next except try to get something, anything, tangible done before Jaunda's tongue loosened up, along with Vic and Halena's, here in the next week...

When possibly all Abyss broke loose again.

*******

Auslan rubbed his hands together a moment, feeling the slight swelling and soreness even beneath the work gloves. He flexed his fingers. Soon he went back to weaving the rough, fibrous rope for Rausery's shadows. They always needed rope, and he could help. He could do something. Anything to keep his mind off what might be happening in the City.

Even just being barely outside the borders for the first time in his life, despite the feeling which lingered—that he'd escaped and was free from the clutches of Lolth—the Consort still could not fathom the distance that remained between him and the Surface, and the Sun. Auslan would never make it without help. While it was a step in the right direction, he was fully aware of the fact that this was just another semi-secure place in which to wait for something to happen while he was awake. Like D'Shea's quarters, but with company.

The Consort couldn't clean anything beyond uniforms—which apparently he did too loudly, so he wasn't allowed to clean those either—but he could make rope now. Vic had shown him, and Eyin even tested his work and nodded once in approval, taking it with her. Auslan kind of liked doing it... and they actually used it. They weren't coddling him. Next Vic might teach him a bit of whittling of fiberstalk, the first step for bolts on their wrist crossbows... 

Whenever Auslan was asleep, Lethrix showed up fairly often. Not always to talk to him, sometimes just to watch him. Or watch over him. Whichever it was. When the Deep Dragon did talk, it was usually about Shyntre and Sirana, or vaguely linked to them. He wanted to know more, even though his questions were mostly conversational.

"So do you hope male or female?" the Dragon asked.

Ta'suil stared at him, slowly shook his head. "I don't have a preference. Although Sirana already knows it's a boy."

Lethrix hummed with a closed-mouth grin, his enormous body curled in a large half-moon shape on the sands. "A smaller life for the male among the Drow. The opposite for most any other place on Miurag, with a few exceptions. If Blue Eyes had remained in the City, your preference might be for a female child, would it not? She would have it better."

The Consort shook his head. "I feel no pull to have preferences. I've helped make more than twenty children...it winds up being about half and half anyway."

Ada was always there with him, whether Lethrix was or not. Sometimes she joined in on the conversation, though not always.

"I could only make one child," she whispered. "It was difficult."

"Same," Lethrix added casually.

Ta'suil shifted, a little uncomfortable. "Morixxyleth is your only child?"

"This turn, yes," the Dragon said, resting his chin on his paws, unperturbed. A puff of breath through his nostrils only mildly disturbed the red sand. "He wasn't easy, either."

"His Drow name—?"

"For his mother losing all her strength after the birth? Yes, that is true. Not my idea for a name, though I may have understood it better than his Aunt Miz'ri."

Ada smiled a bit, blinking her one flesh eye, the black gem in the other socket cold and glinting. "I gave all my strength to my son. I didn't need it anymore. He would."

Lethrix looked to consider that, tilting his massive head curiously. "Hm. Interesting."

"What?" Ta'suil asked. "You think it could have been the same with Morixxyleth's mother?"

"It definitely wasn't," Lethrix chuckled. "She was Baenar, she saw death differently than our feisty Ada. The boy's mother would have preferred to live, given the option."

The healer stared at the Dragon for a few moments. "Couldn't you have saved her?"

"I could. I did not."

"Why not?"

"She had lived her life as long as she could on her own." 

Ada nodded in understanding and agreement; Ta'suil shook his head in denial and disagreement. Golden, serpentine eyes pinned him. 

"It's worth noting, Dreamwalker, that I also did not kill her, as I did the last Yun-gar female who bore my half-blood some time ago."

Ta'suil shivered. "And that is...what? That is a kindness? A show of affection?"

Lethrix offered a small nod. "Such as I can manage within the rules."

"Whose rules?"

The Dragon had grinned, all teeth. "The ones all of us must live within."

Ada and Ta'suil glanced at each other, the Consort questioning, the Servant of the Shrouds calm and observant. Lethrix tilted his head as if he listened for something only he could hear. He looked back at the two of them. 

"Be wary the next time you are here," the black Dragon said.

Then Auslan had awoken, fully clothed to a level he still wasn't used to—everything but his head was covered. Still, he could get chilly out here, and so he was also sandwiched between Vic and Halena who were keeping him warm on their own break. They were always near when Lethrix was with him on the sands.

There was one brief time when Elder Rausery had managed to join them, but it was over far too quickly. The Elder checked on him, asked him if he was well—he said he was and thanked her for saving his life, in what would be his only chance to say it. She grunted with a nod, then the Elder had grabbed Halena and Eyin and went somewhere else while Vic remained with him.

When the shadow male had shivered and looked around like someone was watching them, the Consort reached out to squeeze his shoulder once, showing that simple comradery he'd decided to accept as truth.

*I know,* Auslan had signed. *It's Iskomitneh.*

Vic's face was scored with worry; even now he couldn't address that directly. *How can you know the things you do, Consort?*

*I told you. I dream like a Dragon.*

********

*Why won't you see D'Shea?* Rausery asked him, signing with her hands, Eyin standing at her side and now a bit better filled in on current events.

*Who?*

*Jaunda's Elder.*

Halena's expression was foreign on her face, and one of mock surprise. *Oh, I'm sorry. Hadn't your queen decided against sending someone to meet me? Hadn't she at last decided to wait?*

*You could ask for a meeting.*

*I have already. In seven more days. I won't be rushed.*

Rausery rolled her eyes, her frustration surging in spite of her control. If she hadn't already hit a stone wall with the Prime...

*You've already made your entrance, Dragon, what difference does it make?*

Halena looked sly. *Oh, not to your queen. It makes a big difference. She's relishing every moment of this.*

*You have an odd definition of 'relish.'*

*And you have an odd desire to help your once-rival out of her cell.*

*I need her out of there,* Rausery signed flatly. *As soon as possible.*

Halena shrugged. *Not my concern. I'd much rather offer to help free her son.*

Rausery squinted. *Shyntre? He's too close to the Valsharess, no one can free him.*

The shadow-puppet's shoulders shook in a silent laugh. *Tell me more about him, and let me be the judge of that. Where did he come from?*

*You already know.*

*From Elder D'Shea's womb, yes, yes.* Halena waved her hand dismissively. *And his sire is your queen's long-time Consort. I remember him. The wizard was well in his power even the last time I was awake. Tell me what you know about their young son, Elder. You've known him his whole life. I know from Jaunda you even took a liking to him. Trained him.*

When Rausery hesitated, Halena's eyes rolled. The Dragon continued. *Listen. I know he recently survived a ritual and is somewhat changed. This is what eats at your queen, why she does not care for your sorceress and does nothing now: Shyntre hasn't managed to do what she needs him to do before she meets me, and if you think he's tucked up safe and out of trouble inside the Palace, well—* More shoulder shaking. *—he is the one currently on the frontlines of your next war before it's even begun. And he's all alone.*

The Elder squinted her eyes. *What frontlines?*

The Dragon grinned impossibly wide on her shadow Drow's face. *I know you prefer to keep both boots on solid ground, Rausery, but imagine your poor mage-son a moment. He now possesses two kinds of magic, that with which he was born and another from the very ends of the world. He likely can't sleep a full eve, and is at his wits end every time he does sleep... and even your training won't sustain him for much longer as your queen wishes him to be more and more like her. Their auras are bound together, a bit like D'Shea and Phaelous, but not natural in the least.*

The Elder Red Sister stared at the Dragon through Halena's eyes, her jaw hurting from clenching her teeth so hard. Very little of that made sense to her—magic from the "ends of the world"? How were D'Shea and Phaelous "naturally" bound together? Did that explain why her peer got pregnant again, even knowing the danger...? 

*If I tell you about him, Dragon, how will that knowledge help Shyntre?*

Halena shrugged. *I never know that exactly ahead of time. You above all others, Red Sister, should know that.*

Rausery was taking yet another big risk. In the end she had to go with trusting D'Shea and Auslan both, that there were things Rausery couldn't see, would never see, but that mattered nonetheless. She had done it once and look what happened: she now had a Dragon-guard possessing her shadows to make sure the Consort remained in good health while she managed the challenges in the City. At least until Sirana came back. He'd done a good job, too, as overall negative as it had seemed at first.

Until then, Shyntre needed help, but no one could help him. Except maybe this Dragon, offering her more. No doubt for his own gain.

Rausery was well aware she was choosing those who would act over those who wouldn't, regardless of loyalty. She didn't figure unwavering loyalty to a stagnant queen was going to see her through the Illithid attack anyway, not when her few superiors would only sit there staring at their cunts and feeding off the mages who mattered like parasites. It made her angry that she could do nothing about it, except agree to this.

How quickly things changed at times.

******

Shyntre had drunk a lot more pots of taze than usual, trying in vain to wash away the thick feeling on his tongue after the walk with Her in reverie, where they'd met that Servant of the Shrouds who knew the Valsharess's birth name, and about a Priestess and her Draegloth son that his Queen had left to die on the Surface some time ago...
