 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2016.

We are here! The Drow-Shattering Kaboom. Part 1 of 3.

Surfacing Chapter 33

"I think I will like wearing the mask," Auslan murmured to Vic, his nerves coming through loud and clear even as he made the attempt to sound brave. "I only must expect to be treated like everyone else. No soft hand or second chance wearing it."

"Well, they'll be able to tell you're male just from your shape, so that might cause a few of them to pause," Vic considered. "Just don't count on it to change their mind."

The Consort likely shook his head. "No. If it does, I know they mean to play. I have already been through that..."

An uncomfortable pause, and it felt like a live coal was sinking through my gut. That was something I could have guessed might happen after I left him in the Cloister's solitary cells, but a sliver of me had hoped it would not. Not just the Archmage in the red sands, but second attack he didn't tell me about, too. I wondered which Red Sisters they were?

"If it got bad," Vic suggested, "think they would spare you if they saw your face? Think they might take you to the Valsharess and Shyntre?"

A long pause. "I do not know."

"Last resort?"

Almost no pause this time; I heard him swallow. "Yes. Goddess, yes, not until then. Most of the Red Sisters know my face. They will question Elder Rausery if they see she did not really kill me. We do not need to give the Prime further ammunition against her."

Vic tapped his fingers in thought as I listened harder. "Would you want me to come with you?"

Auslan stopped breathing for just a moment. "...would you?"

"Yes." Some humor and satisfaction leaked into Vic's voice. "I'm faster than Jaunda. I would test myself further against the Sisterhood. That's always been the unsaid apex of our training, you know, but few have had the opportunity to try."

Auslan expelled a breath of pure relief. "And...what could I do to help? Stay out of the way?"

"No, actually, I'd need you to use some of the powders. Judiciously, or you can bring a pillow for my head after it's cracked on the floor."

The Consort actually chuckled. "More tactics?"

"If you're up for it."

"As though any of us could claim we have worked too hard already, Vic."

I jumped the moment someone touched my shoulder, breaking my concentration from the quiet murmuring down the passage way. I managed not to voice anything but the unintended scrape of my boot heels on stone said I was startled. Sorting out multiple conversations at a distance had that disadvantage; someone really could sneak up on you, practically without trying.

Jael was grinning at me in the dark. *Hi. Eavesdropping on your lovely baby-sire?*

I tried not to scowl at her. *Yes. Wouldn't you after being told he can't stand to be near you due to some stupid relic?*

Soul Drinker grumbled unintelligibly, not able to glean true words from my hand sign but it sensed my flush of frustration and resentment toward it.

*Fuck, yes, I would.* She looked sympathetic, tilted her head toward the doorway leading to the room hiding Auslan from view. *You can hear anything at all? They must be shouting, or all your senses are hyper-sensitive.*

I shrugged, unable to sort out what I was feeling enough to sign it with my hands. I went with the practical. *Vic will go with Auslan when they enter the spyways.*

Jael's face brightened. *Great idea! Mourn will approve. Gaelan's with us all the way, too, she's said. She's talking more with Vesram, preparing, last moment stuff.*

I nodded. *Any word from Elder Rausery?*

*Why I came to get you,* Jael answered, sobering a bit. *Movement and word spreading fast. Mourn heard it first, Eyin's courier should be back soon with more detail.*

*Heard what?*

Jael frowned. *The Valsharess ordered a public ceremony to name Lelinahdara the new High Priestess. Roshenthanon is voluntarily stepping down. Rausery said they're likely pulling all the Draegloth out of their cage for this.*

Fuck.

*Alright, let's get back to them,* I signed, leaving Vic to better train my Consort for his own survival.

*******

"Worst timing," one of the shadows commented.

"No, it's exactly as intended," Eyin said, her arms crossed over her chest. "The Valsharess is trying to force our allies' hands and choosing the time and location of the confrontation. I think it's safe to say She's got pretty good intelligence, regardless of how She's getting it, and now all our targets will be in one place."

"Not to mention at their strongest together," Mourn added with one of the clearest expressions of displeasure I'd seen in a while. I knew he hated being anticipated to this degree; the majority of his past missions had that element of surprise. "The Priestesses to actively use their Draegloth, the Sisterhood protecting them during the ceremony, Auranka nearby and all the Driders easily called to one spot should any of the Nobles cause trouble." 

He growled and shook his head. "It will be worth discussing, now and when Rausery can rejoin us, whether it is better to wait until the ceremony passes and not take this bait."

"More waiting," Gaelan sighed, but she shrugged and nodded.

"Is that even necessary to talk it over with Rausery?" Jael asked Mourn. "You listed all the good reasons *not* to jump on this."

"It depends on the details of the intended outcome," he replied. "If a trap is this obvious and also easy to ignore, there may be a deeper price in our doing so."

"There's always a sacrifice at these rituals," I said. "The urgency Ishuna intends to push might be in who they intend to sacrifice."

There was a quiet pause as most of us here had an idea.

"Elder D'Shea," Eyin suggested. "We haven't seen the sorceress at all and the most anyone has heard is speculation that she's in the Palace. She's not been out among the populace with the rest of the Sisterhood or with the army. No word from her to Rausery, either."

"And no opportunity to help us, as she said she would," Mourn murmured, nodding agreement. "I think we are close. I will ask Rausery now to confirm with Phaelous if she can."

"But," Ruk interjected, tension ratcheting up his back. "The Valsharess has never used a pregnant Drow as a sacrifice before. Granted, the general population wouldn't know, but She would. It's against Her own rules."

"She's done it before," I said. "Just not when any of us were alive. Not even Phaelous. She may be as desperate now as she was then."

"How would you know that?" Ruk asked me, eyes glancing at the black dagger, then back up at me as I nodded. "I understand that dagger is much older than any of us, but can you trust what it's told you?"

"Whether I do or not is beside the point," I said. "The question needing the answer is: are we willing to lose D'Shea if we stand back and guess that the Valsharess won't cross that line, then end up being wrong?"

"Let's hear back from Rausery after she's spoken with Phaelous," Mourn stated quietly, opening his eyes from having closed them. "She says she's going to the Tower immediately."

Mourn waited until we'd disbanded again, and I was trying to decide what to do next, when he asked me with sign to step into a small but private hollow—at least in that it hid our hands and expressions from easy view. Otherwise everyone knew where we were. 

Since we'd entered the Underdark, the Dragonblood's expressions had favored either those of a pondering Guildmaster or a predator's anticipation. No one doubted he had the broadest experience of anyone here, not to mention the most powerful magic—neither those of us who'd been with him on the Surface nor those who had just met him down below—and I was relieved how quick and efficient it had been to get on solid ground with Rausery's shadows. 

As we'd worked out, he would be one of the main leaders on the ground in four places; Rausery, Eyin, Ruk, and Morix. His information would be constantly updated through pearls or whenever I could finally use my psionics, and we'd respond to changes and listen to his orders. Whereever the strongest magic or threat happened to be, his words would be as golden as his eyes.

*What's on your—* I began to ask, but my hands stilled when he gently cupped my jaw with one large hand. To my consternation, Soul Drinker purred and encouraged more contact. 

*...Closser...be first ffemale to him, not sssecond...! He is much sstronger than the simpering Consssort! More worthy! Make him promissse you, promissse usss...*

I frowned. A bad time for this angle.

*You are troubled,* he began.

Then I gave him the most sarcastic expression I could dream up and he smiled with dark humor.

*Pointless to tell me not to be,* I answered. *I can be troubled and not crack.*

He nodded, releasing my jaw. *I have seen. I do not doubt you. What we must do is troubling in many ways. It will never be otherwise.*

He paused.

*Your point?* I asked, not unkindly but Soul Drinker was distracting me, encouraging me bring up Jael in some subtle way, as if there was something to discuss...

Mourn released a soft sound from his throat and tugged gently at my belt. *Will you take this off for just a moment? It can be on the floor in the corner.*

I glanced over and down; I didn't see why not. We were standing next to a wall in a dead end and someone would have to scramble between our legs to try to reach it. It was unlikely someone would since no one had touched the dagger but me.

Slowly I removed my entire belt, weapons and all, and carefully set it down—nearby but not on me. Instantly I felt the relief, the lifting of that weight more profound than the items themselves. I sighed, relaxed, and Mourn smiled wider, leaning very close.

"May I kiss you?" he whispered so low even I could barely hear him, though my chest still squeezed a little as I did.

Not a drop of sarcasm this time as I signed, *Yes, please.*

It was just like back at Retreat; a slow, gathering closeness first, almost a hug as much as an embrace, followed by extremely soft contact with our mouths, sampling and teasing until one of us demanded a bit more, and a bit more after that. Patient and leisurely; comforting and arousing all at once.

I lowered my head after the kiss and rested my cheek against his chest as he straightened up, his arms still around me. I wondered if I could blame the sudden tears threatening to escape on the big belly? Certainly moods were known to be more fluid in pregnant mothers, so I'd heard, connected possibly to the two sharing magic back and forth as auras became intertwined for a while...

Or more likely I'd been feeling alone with my burdens. I could help Gaelan with hers; I could accept Auslan had to do right by Shyntre and his visions first; I could support Vesram's uncompromising decision; and I could hope for the best for D'Shea and Rausery, for her shadows and my own mother with Natia, her House led by Ruk—everyone about to put everything they had out for either survival or destruction...

But no one could help me with Soul Drinker. Not really. Not until we somehow trapped Lelinahdara...who was about to be the center of a massive ritual to become the High Priestess, at least in name.

Mourn inhaled softly near my ear, scenting my hair perhaps, and murmured, "Remember our bargain."

I huffed a laugh, muffling it against his mostly-bare chest. "You were lying to D'Shea about that. I said no more bargains in working together. You agreed. Remember?"

"I do. I hold you now and do not need a bargain to do so, but the essence still stands. I will help see you well through this. Do not forget."

I blinked, releasing a few tears but felt any further ones receding as I felt calmer, just holding on. I smiled without looking up. "Thanks. You have many more to train and lead, though. A lot of tasks."

I sensed him nod. "And fulfilling those will sometimes be the best way to see you well. I understand this. Accept I will be watching your back, Sirana."

"Hmph. And you don't need anybody watching yours?"

He didn't even pause. "I do, yes. I need you. Jael. Gaelan. Watch my back. We are a squad, are we not?"

Probably. Yes. I wasn't sure I had a name for what we were as a group, but I had a small idea what Mourn meant by saying it.

"You mean like Vian?" I asked.

"I have said you remind me of her. I can trust you, as I could trust her. You have us, Sirana, and we will fight for you."

I swallowed. "I know."

"You needed a reminder."

I puffed a humorous sound out my nose and rubbed my cheek against him in a nod. He was so warm that all of a sudden I wanted to take a nap. Probably better to let go.

We straightened up and stepped back slightly, myself looking up as we exhaled, each of us feeling better. A thought seemed to come to Mourn so I waited rather than picking up my belt immediately.

*What?* I prompted.

*Ruk,* he signed.

*What about him?*

*Gaelan told me he is Natia's grandsire. That is why he won't consider another plan for her safety during the battle.*

I nodded. *They already had a plan before we ever got here.*

Mourn nodded acceptance of that. *Perhaps more important is he claims Natia's sire, Treyl, was a hidden son of the Matron. This makes him a long-lived companion to your mother.*

*Accurate to what he claimed, yes,* I answered, not sure how to feel about that, or whether I should feel anything.

*He watches you like a ferret watches a viper.*

I narrowed my eyes in amusement. *If you say so. What's a ferret?*

He smiled. *A tunnel-hunter. Furry. Occupies the same space as snakes. They are natural enemies.*

Now I got it. *He's no different than any Drow who distrusts my being around him. He knows I can do what an Illithid does. Even you were wary to discover that. He's afraid I'm going to upset his plans. I could, and I might have the motive being of the same House. He doesn't know more than I've told him.*

Mourn nodded. *Nor us more than what he's said. Could it be he is the actual sire of Vekika, regardless of records? You knew it wasn't a Consort.*

I considered that. *Possible. It might explain why he threatened Gaelan with vengeance after she threatened my mother. If they've recently become lovers again since Treyl...*

*That is a long time to wait,* Mourn commented. *Shows a devotion I saw occasionally at my home city. Based on the stories, I expected less in the Valsharess's City.*

I jumped on that. *'Devoted' sires were known back at your home? Similar to how you were allowed to mix the sexes in your squads. There are a few areas in your city more lenient on males than here?*

Mourn nodded. *I would say so. Matron-Priestesses of each House were still cruel and lusted for power above all, but I have come to wonder if this may be largely Abyssal influence. The farther from the top power one got, the more the Drow could be...lenient, and devoted, even acknowledging the danger of that vulnerability but choosing it anyway. Vian risked this for her squad. Rausery has done the same for her shadows and she came from no status at all.*

I nodded, intrigued. *Ruk came from your city, but let's say he found a female to whom he wanted to be devoted, even here.*

*And Matron Thalluen accepted him at least once, possibly twice,* he said. *That says something interesting to me about your mother.*

My stomach soured pretty quickly as old memories, mostly of Juarinia and Kaltra, wanted to push up to make me ill again. Where was my "Matron" during all that, anyway? 

I frowned. *That I don't understand at all.*

*Why not?* Mourn asked, showing his interest. 

*She made it known she chose four different sires for each of her daughters.*

*She was lying from the very first birth, Sirana. A 'stillborn' son who lived on to sire Natia, your niece. Ruk is still here, in spite of Matron Thalluen taking other males as sires.*

I couldn't respond at first. Was I really surprised I might have to rethink everything I thought I ever knew about my own family? That was to be expected, wasn't it? Nothing was ever as it seemed; one never had all the pieces. Yet for some reason I still felt betrayed. Again.

Mourn prompted, *Tell me about your mother and Matron, Sirana, what you remember.*

My brow lowered. *If you'll give me something that you remember about Ruk or...Hachyrr'ne, or whatever his name was. Why you were sent after him, how he got away.*

Mourn grinned. *Deal.* Glancing aside, he added, *We may be interrupted. Be quick. You go first.*

Be quick? I wasn't sure how, in this case. I just started signing, started with the basics of what I thought I knew. *I was told most of it at Court, after my eldest sister's death and I was sent away... My mother, Rohenvi, was thought to be one who would raise a middling House farther up the ladder within her lifetime, maybe into the top quarter. Her First Daughter was Consort-Blessed, as was the Second. The Consorts were just being introduced, and to get two different ones for her first two heirs, it was considered a grand favor from Lolth.*

Mourn nodded. *But?*

*But she gave up, and no one really knows why,* I explained. *For me she picked a Noble male at the House Bovritz, Eleventh House at the time. Welsitrin, or something like that. I...I didn't even care to keep that straight. No one at Court cared who my sire was and I never met him.*

*So Rohenvi didn't care who he was, either.*

*Maybe. House Bovritz treated it like a favor repaid. I always assumed no one else cared because he wasn't a Consort like her other two, and I was the last born, the afterthought, probably unplanned. She didn't care to raise me like my sisters, she let them do it. She didn't even protect me from them, and they were cruel like your Matron-Aunt was. That was just the way of it, I was told, the youngest daughter serves the elders.*

Mourn nodded gently. *I remember.*

I took a slow breath. That was true; he did remember. Just as I remembered his fear of his Aunt. Both of us, just children; we both knew that particular helplessness.

*She gave up,* Mourn suggested. *Any thoughts why?*

I shook my head. *She and I didn't get along. We were alike enough that I could never see why she didn't do what seemed obvious to me she should.*

Mourn actually smiled. *A common thought among the youth. You were 'alike' but she never reached out to bond with you.*

I shook my head. *I blamed her for being apathetic. I never saw the passion she'd been known for at Court, it was before my time. She was distracted and defensive during my century. House Thalluen slid some from its previous standing, we certainly didn't climb any.*

*Something significant changed for her.*

I shrugged, trying to ignore the hard lump in my chest but not doing a good job. *Yes, but I'll never know what it was. I was so focused on seeing Juarinia's end, I didn't discover anything else. I was sent away after that. I've never been back.*

Mourn nodded. *Survival comes first, I know this. But consider, with Ruk here, there may have been more going on you never knew about. Much like you didn't know about Gaelan's connection to you, either.*

*Neither did she.* I smirked. *She bore a Noble's child and never knew it.*

The hybrid smiled slowly. *You know I'm right about Rohenvi.*

*Of course there was more going on, yes!* I signed with an eye-roll. *But it doesn't do much good now, does it?*

Mourn agreed. *Perhaps not.*

*Now Ruk,* I demanded. *What do you remember?*

*It was not extraordinary. You will recognize the story.*

*Tell it anyway.*

*I was not given all details and only heard rumors, mind you. You might expect Ruk and his brother made a mistake while in service.*
