 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2017.

This continues the Finale of Surfacing, and the final book of Sirana's story (for now). This is Part 5 of 5. There will be an Epilogue following this submission.

Order within Chaos, Balance in Imbalance.

Surfacing Chapter 43, Part Five

The long tail stirred before the body did, sliding over the treasure and pushing a few irregular pieces to resettle elsewhere. The den was warm, and humming; the scents of metal and polished stone mixing with recent blood and cracked bone. Exhaling slowly, Mazdek opened his eyes, slowly lifted his head to look around him.

^Something has Changed.^

The muzzy thought was an understatement; the Desert both changed and remained the same ever since V'Gedra fell. Together and constant, Mazdek could not always tell time had passed, could rarely see direction or what one might call progress. He Awoke and Slept his cycle more frequently than he ever had, mimicking the young races and their own confusion, never rested or clear of mind. But at least he was still alive to Guard.

Now he Awoke, and his mind was partly clear.

^I remember...a young princess.^

An ancient child he had only seen once before, even as he knew all the names of the Half-Blood Children of V'Gedra.

^Shunraeki. How could she still be alive? How much time has passed that she looked so young, yet grown, when I thought—I thought...?^

The Deathless had returned innumerable times. Mazdek was not wrong about that, he was certain. He had felt every piece of Miurag ripped away when the Servant of Serenity consumed it to return and walk his sands once again.

Yet Cris-ri-phon's blood was on his tongue, tiny shards of bone between his teeth. Mazdek could taste it, relish it with a fresh recollection. ^He has died. I tasted the mortality of his flesh. At last, he is dead and passed on. Who did this, who aided the Princess...?^

His Hoard beneath him hummed a brighter welcome than before. Part of the shadow of grief which had always draped over it like a Woman's Veil, from the first day he'd accepted the first, lonely bag of coins...it had lifted since he'd Slept. 

His Hoard felt like a warm bedmate rolling to embrace him, nude and loving, even coquettish as its aura undulated suggestively long muscle and scale, from his powerful jaw to the tip of his long, orange-gold tail. Mazdek's body responded, familiar and unfamiliar at once, as his Waking erection became stiff to the point of discomfort.

He rumbled an exhale, shifting against his gold, listening to its song and in a state of wonder at this renewal between them. His Hoard was happy, and he felt the urge to seek a new mate, a new Companion. Was the grief passing, at long last? Would he recover his strength as a Guardian? Might he remember any joy to be had in Existing for so long?

^Ah. But the Desert still lacks the Drowh. They have not returned.^

Perhaps one day soon. Hadn't he spoken to Lethrix's Son recently? The Son who was borne by the Baenar in their new lands below the Surface.

^Yet Morixxyleth was conceived here, in my Desert. He Arises here. His Mother...so exquisite in her wanting of the Sire who had Caught her. Their auras burning hot, open to Creation...^

His erection would never rest as long as he replayed that night; the awe, the envy of his Shadow Brother, and likely the last time the Flame recalled being as lucid as he felt now. The power had been within the female Baenar bonded to the To'vah, not anything Lethrix pressed upon her. In the throes and cries of her pleasure, her aura radiant and filled with passion for the Black Guardian, the Dark Elf had soothed the Flame's fevered mind, the frayed connection to her people. For one night.

And even after she left, or perhaps because of it, Mazdek remembered what was gone from long before. He could not forget.

^Companion, and Child...^

Izabal had been a distant Daughter of his Kiabil, of his Child. She remembered Mazdek'pien, in a way, instinctive and unknowing. The line survived still, underground. Lethrix had been displaying that night, rutting a willing mate, but he had also Shown what Mazdek most yearned to know.

Izabal was alive. She was from the Underdark, and yet she was pure. The Abyss had no claim on her.

^Wruzdiin...^

The name still caused pain even to think it, but Mazdek continued as if he spoke to the essence of his long-dead Kiabil, returned to the River of Souls thousands of years ago.

^Wruzdiin. We may have succeeded in averting your worst Vision for your people.^

There was one more name which the To'vah still could not say, could not even think to himself. The cutting misery not only lanced through him but through his Hoard when he did. Better to let it rest, and try not to think about the Child's last days, his last years after Ishuna found him. About the Truth that the Child suffered and died not knowing what his sacrifice meant to his world.

And unlike Wruzdiin, the Child would not escape the sucking clutches of Abyss.

^How could I...?^

The Truth still haunted him.

^How could I do that to him?^

Because he was To'vah. He must do what is necessary to protect Miurag. When Ishuna had come to him pregnant, millennia ago and yet her face and her unborn's aura were so clear to him now, even then it had already been too late to save the Child.

His Hoard felt three, wet tears drop onto the warm metal. In response, it curled its power around him to hum and coo in comfort. It whispered to him.

^^He understands, Master. He would do anything to help you. He always remembered you are his Sire. His Ilharn, he was Named after you—^^

^Stop. Please. Do not speak it.^

The Hoard returned to its soft song, formed no Words, and yet after a great, long while the inappropriate urge to go out, to hunt both for food and a mate remained. It would not fade away. He wanted pleasure in eating. He wanted sex.

^^A good sign,^^ the Hoard reassured him, daring to break the silence. ^^Seek what you crave. Your strength returns. Our strength returns. Enjoy your pleasures again, Master.^^

Mazdek drew in a very deep breath, let it out slowly.

^I will wait to hunt.^

If Morixxyleth's female was the only pure Drowh in the entire desert, it would be better that they leave before Mazdek emerged again.

Ignoring his hunger and his erection, the Dragon drifted back into an uneasy Sleep.

*******

The two Dragons and Xalli stayed with us at the Tower for weeks, obeying Gavin's rules without protest or boundary-stretching, and the odd peace which followed shocked me down to my roots. The days would be full for all of us, but in a way which was good, as I did not have the time to brood and mope as I had waiting to give birth. 

The newest guests fed themselves as agreed, and even fed us a bit more with reasonable if varied payments—anything from a simple tool, herb, or gem to an answer to a personal question. My Daughter and her Guardians filled the need for their skills, left gaping after my injured To'vah-krav and little Sister had fled into hiding, even as the three could not fill their place in my heart or my mind, as I so often thought about them while tending Wruzdi or Auslan.

Rather to my surprise, however, the Green, the Black, and the Elder Mind's Daughter could offer us hope, for a change to fall in our favor.

"I agree you should seek the Red Desert sooner rather than later," Lethrix said after about two weeks when he'd eventually Bargained out more of mine and Shyntre's plan. "My Son and his mate may not be able to wait for you to act if Mazdek Awakens. I will Guard you against interference if it becomes a fight."

I nodded acceptance, but my sorcerer spoke our protest for both of us.

"But we want to Bargain with him," Shyntre replied, glancing at Arvada'zh. "Mazdek may be able to sense my Brother. He may recognize some part of me and be able to 'scent' the rest. We might try reasoning first."

"Yes, do try. I know you must," Lethrix replied, neither skeptical nor condescending. "Only be prepared if reason cannot be heard and you must fight a To'vah for the right to escape."

Shyntre fidgeted, and I reached to take his hand. Mazdek was our only known path for searching for a lost Elven soul, thanks to the Green offering what he had. If it went bad with him and we were run out of his territory—

Well, we hadn't found a secondary source beyond waiting for Ada.

"Why wouldn't he try to Bargain with us, after what Morix and Jael helped to make happen? After what Arvada'zh could tell him Ta'suil agreed to do."

The Black glanced then at Arvada'zh and Gavin, preparing what he had to say next with a knowing relish I could see on his face immediately. "Doesn't that have more to do with what you haven't said than what you have, my lovely, secretive Baenar?"

I tensed. My "suggestion" to the others on what not to think about had worn off days ago, but Lethrix had been outside with Xalli often enough that I hadn't done more than verbally refresh the warning to Tamuril, Natia, and Mai especially, helping them practice how to do what Shyntre and Karulin could more or less do for themselves, often while I was nursing Wruzdi every few hours through the day and night.

I didn't want to have to continually control the "weaker" ones by blocking parts of their minds for weeks on end. Even as the risk made me nervous for my beloveds, I didn't know what that would do to them, and I was wary of the strength of Thought I seemed to have now that the sapphire scars had finally healed over. The training I gave them when the Dragons weren't around was perhaps adequate, but of course, Lethrix would be able to tell something was up.

"Oh, you did well, Sirana," Lethrix said. "And were you not strictly following Isboern's teachings and Arvada'zh's own preferences on the use of psionics, I might have already introduced a few Underdark rules into the Game. As it is, I have my confirmation from another source."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Morixxyleth and I spoke in his reverie," he began with uncommon directness. "He told me why they ran, why they are in hiding. Indeed, they have a very good reason for doing so, and it is the single, largest reason negotiations with Mazdek might become a little unbalanced."

Shyntre began to speak, but I raised my hand, warning him to hold his thought a moment.

"What is that 'very good reason'?" I asked. "You said you received confirmation."

The Black Dragon winked at me. "I understand I am to be a Grandsire a second time in less than a decade. Truly, were they not two different females, I'd imagine it must be twins. As it is, my Son has done very well."

My mouth sagged a bit. I looked at Arvada'zh, trying to stamp down my panic as I couldn't read him. "Mourn told you? Why?"

"He asked for my help," Lethrix said, sounding satisfied, and Talov's words from the days before Wruzdi's birth returned to me.

"He asked," I repeated, pure astonishment even as I looked between them again. They could have left anytime after learning the truth. They were still here. "And...you both will let this search in the Red Desert play through? You won't interfere with our plans?"

"I promised Ta'suil to give the mated pair more time," the Green said. "I may choose when. Even as I know now what was hidden, I still choose to wait."

"Why?" Shyntre asked him, and it seemed the Wild Man again studied my sorcerer's eyes as if he found them fascinating.

"It is what I can do for a Brother who suffers," Arvada'zh said. "It is the only thing I can do. If you fail in your attempt to reach him, if Mazdek will not aid you in finding your twin and somehow allows the To'vah-krav and his Daratrix to escape his Desert, then it may be dealt with."

I'd begun to tremble even as I didn't like it showing. I focused on Lethrix. "And you? Why not interfere? Why not hunt them?"

The Black Dragon tilted his head in curiosity. "I already have. My way. Know this, Sirana, Arvada'zh and I want this child of Jael and my Son, but we will also wait to see what becomes of Mazdek when he meets them, and hopefully you. If you are ready by then, Kiabil-Champion."

I clenched my fist slowly. "How much time do we have?"

"Unknown," the Black replied, showing fang. "So you'd best be ready."

Certain vital shifts had begun to happen quickly at that point. All of them began as trades which were mutually beneficial, yet somehow became intimate as the bargain was seen complete.

~I would help you train your body again, Father,~ Xalli offered. ~Your plan is foolish if your Body and Mind are not One.~

I needed that. Goddess, I needed that, I needed *her*, as she was. A psionic sparring partner, already adapted to the Surface. Someone not already claimed by an entire people, one who could teach me how to use my powers to enhance all the things I'd done in my dreams. My speed, my endurance, the amount of pain I could take before blacking out. Perhaps I could slow bleeding, even learn to close a wound; apply pressure, if not heal it.

~Yes,~ Xalli said. ~I can teach you all of this, Father, and more. And you must learn it well to survive what you may face with your loved ones.~

In return, my hybrid Daughter had only wanted either a period of rest—"Nap," I suggested—or a meal with me and Wruzdi, one of either for each training session she provided. I thought I might give her more than that, but Lethrix had puffed up his chest so much watching us work it out, I thought it might burst.

From this need came the Bargain between Tamuril and Arvada'zh. She had already told him all she knew of Indrath's "children," in particular Tendu the milk-drinker, with whom she had bargained for finding the phylactery of Sarilis within the Tower before he had fully resurrected.

"I-I missed insisting upon remaining at the Tower to feed him and limiting the drinking only to him. I...did limit the time and the quantity, one time, but I was not careful enough. Tendu wanted to offer me as a gift to his Ice Lord, to earn back his good Grace, to return to his home in the North and...share me...with others. One time each, for a quarter an hour each, but no limit on how many would drink from my breasts."

Tamuril shuddered in bleak horror at the trap sprung from her ignorance and her own desperate goal to stop the lich who had so badly blackened the land. "I-It is also clear to me now I could not continue to provide milk to fulfill such a wretched bargain solely on my Druid's magic. I would...they would need to breed me to keep the milk flowing.

"I-Indrath alone opted not to take me then when he could have. He bid I stay with Sirana at the Tower. It remains a debt he holds back voluntarily, pending what happens between him and Morix and my brother, Marikoth."

Arvada'zh nodded to hear the full tale, clearly seeing her shame but refraining from any judgment. "You have earned a reward for your success here, Tamuril, even if that success is not without cost. I will help as I can to see you free from Indrath's leash. I do not yet see the Path, but I will Track it further for you."

The blonde Druid had nearly collapsed out of her chair in reverence and gratitude. "Thank you... thank you..."

He nodded again but said nothing more as she wept quietly. That part finished, I interjected a question of my own, oddly enough needing to know the answer.

"How long *could* you have made milk without bearing a child, Tami?"

At first, Tami and the Green had looked at me in disbelief that I might want to imagine further or detail such servitude. I cleared my throat and tried again.

"I need another who can feed Wruzdi while I'm training with Xalli, and...and while I'm gone." I looked down at my baby, who was suckling as we spoke. "I can't take him with m-me."

The Noldor clearly heard the break in my voice as I finished that last sentence, and Arvada'zh visibly relaxed as he better understood my reason for asking.

"You do not ask the Druid to leave with you for the Desert," the Green noted, and I shook my head.

"No, Tami belongs here, in a forest, and she would help my family and me more by remaining here," I said. "It is only Shyntre and I who must go."

Tamuril blinked. "Not Karulin?"

"We've already talked," I said, holding my son closer while he swallowed and breathed through his nose in familiar, alternating rhythm. "Karulin stays with Auslan, Natia, and Wruzdi, to care for and protect them here. It's a lot of work; she'll need your help, even with Mai willing as well."

"Of course," Tami assured me. "Of course."

I nodded. "If the worst should happen and none of us return, Karulin can stay here as long as she needs to, or she can try to take the children to the Wilder when they're older. She could make other things to feed Wruzdi once he's reached his first year, but...but before that, he needs milk and I would...like him able to nurse from someone who loves him."

The Noldor's tears pulled out my own then. "Oh, God, Sirana, yes, yes, I would! B-But I could only manage a few weeks at most, not a year before I would need to heal and rebalance the strain. A-and even if I...um...became pregnant now, I would not produce my own milk naturally for more than that time."

The obvious yet unspoken declaration that she would so easily accept Shyntre, the only male Elf capable and within her reach, did not pass by me. Perhaps she had even been dreaming a bit about bearing her own since Wruzdi's birth. It would not surprise me, given her passion in bed with my sorcerer and me before our son was born. Mourn had said the draw to breed for the older, yet more innocent, Noldor was becoming strong even before Auslan died.

I already knew how Death had a way of reminding the living that it was time to live.

Arvada'zh exhaled then, drawing our attention as he said with what I thought was genuine interest. "I could aid this, Tamuril, Sirana. I have magic enough to help sustain her body's changes without harming her. For one year."

I was sure Tami's heart just leaped into her throat with how her voice croaked. "Y-you can? You would?"

"A Bargain," he said. "Fairer than the one with the Devil, and beneficial to more than just you and me. I will take nothing from you, only ask that you freely give what you can."

"G-give what?" she asked.

The Wild Man's emerald eyes flicked at me briefly, as if he anticipated protest, then back to the Druid. "One rise and peak of sexual pleasure, which you experience close to but not on top of my Hoard. Only with me present, no others. Whether you wish to pleasure yourself or have me touch you is up to you. Regardless, I provide safe and swift passage both ways, and you would be gone from Sirana and this Tower no longer than a day at most, from sunrise to sunset in the Winter, when it is short."

Tamuril's mouth had dropped open—I wasn't even sure she listened to all the details, though I was—and Arvada'zh waited patiently for a response. He did not look at me this time, but Tami did, begging for my help. I shrugged and thought it over.

"Sounds like a decent Bargain to me," I said, which managed to at least get a blink out of the Dragon. "Provided her cumming near your Hoard won't bond her to it?"

"No, it will not," he answered, expecting that from me. "It will revitalize it in a way which fades from both our memory. It will help us, and I...desire it."

"You desire her orgasm, specifically, or you just need any Elf to masturbate next to your Hoard?" I asked.

"I desire *her*," Arvada'zh told me firmly. "An Odad of the Noldor. True to her purpose, caring for and healing the wounded land. She is enchanting in her form as well, both in and out of her clothing. No other Elf roaming my lands or that of any other To'vah would tempt a Bargain of this nature from me at this time."
