 He spotted her standing alone, in the mottled light at the dying end of the day. She was turned away from him, long, wavy auburn tinged black hair falling down her back and glowing in the fiery sunset like a burning tree. Her dress was white with a thick, beaded bone corset bodice. Her breasts erupted above the line of whale bone like a bouquet of daisies. They were buoyed up and displayed, deep, olive cleavage spilling out of the cream cotton cloth draped about her shoulders. 

Her face was only visible from three quarters at most. His gaze rested on the line between her ear and her collarbone; it was graceful and long. As she breathed, her shoulders fell back, teasing a little more of her round, small breasts from their entrapment. 

He could barely stand it. He felt himself growing hard just imagining her. He didn't know her name or where she came from. He was 30 feet away but could smell her presence. He wanted to be touching her, caressing her from behind, rubbing against her, lost in her scent. He wanted to feel the "pop" as he pushed his hard cock into her pussy.

Before he realised what he was doing, he was striding across the cobbled square. She didn't turn when he approached her from behind. Without laying a hand on her, he leaned close and whispered in her ear "Lady, I'd like to reach around and take you from behind. I'm a gentle lover and I cannot stand to see you there and not have you wrapped around me. Would you let me touch you?" 

She jumped, startled, but as if she understood the spell, she still did not turn. He could see her smile a little, her breath coming a little quicker. She nodded, finally looking back at him over her hair and shoulder, "My lord, if you are as exciting a lover as one who'd approach a stranger with such a request, I confess, I'd like to be had by someone like that." 

Before she could say another word, he put his hands on her waist and pulled her close to his hips. Feeling his hard cock, in his pants against even the folds of her dress was enough to drive him half mad. He imagined his cock breaking free and finding its way into her fanny from behind. Before he could mess on her dress, he began bunching her skirts up. 

He pushed her softly and she bent forward, exposing her heart shaped ass as he pushed her skirts up around her waist. From behind, he could see her little purse through the curve of her inner thighs. He crouched and admired her. The hair was fine and dark, she moved a little and he could see the line of pinkness between two brown shells. He smelled her sweetness, she was aroused and already wet. He took two fingers and parted the curtains, the lips of her sweet little hole. Wet pinkness within, she sighed as he teased her, waving her bottom, fighting not to sit on his fingers, engulfing them whole. He pushed one in, hooking it down towards her stomach, pressing against her front from inside. She moaned as he withdrew, leaning down further to support herself on her elbows, as if she was unable to hold up her front end any longer.

This action stretched out her backside such that he could contain himself no longer, unbuckling his pants, he freed his hard cock from its house, rising up from his knees. He quickly positioned himself at her door, knocking deliberately with the wet, weeping head of his warm cock. She stretched again, butting back against it. He waited for her to rock back and pushed in swiftly, savouring the warm, wet trap she provided for him. She squealed a little in pleased surprise, her body under him was willing and already beginning to move.

He drew back and thrust into her again and again, losing himself in the rhythm. Reaching around, he closed his hands around her still clothed breasts, feeling the curve of them against the hardness of her corset. He gripped them through the cloth, running the flats of his hands against them as he fucked her.

He could feel her tight, warm wetness around his cock and he savoured the sound they made, slip slip slip, as he sunk into her deep. She was crying out with each stroke, quietly at first but in increasing volume as her hole got wetter and wetter with the juice they were producing together.

He could feel himself begin to lose control, the warm walls of her cunt clutching deliciously around his frenzied cock. His balls were slapping her backside, slap slap slapping as he increased his speed, trying to push himself all the way into her from behind. She cried out in delight and this sound was enough to send him over the edge. He splurted his seed into her warm depths.

Panting, he withdrew, leaning against her back for a moment. He could feel her moving beneath him, realizing she had not yet come herself. She was still wide open and squirming. He placed his hand on her stomach and turned her over, so she lay on her back, her torn skirts billowing around her sweet little bare, sloppy cunt. 

Satisfied and no longer feeling so urgently, he was able to really look at her. Her face was beautiful, she had deep honey brown eyes and soft pink lips which were currently flushed and swollen. Her hair was dark brown, near black and curled softly around her face. She gazed searchingly at him, wondering what he would do next. 

He reached down and pushed the hair away from her long neck. As his fingers brushed her skin, she tipped her head back, exposing the small of her throat and thrusting her still contained breasts upward. He trailed his hand down between them, tickling her cleavage softly. She moaned and writhed in desperation.

He began to slowly, teasingly, unlace her corset. She whimpered and tried to open it herself but he took her hands by the wrists and laid them to either side of her head. She held them there, transfixed as if he'd tied them. He finished undoing her top, pulling it down towards her waist and exposing the cotton chemise she wore beneath. Fingering her little breasts through the cotton, he pinched and pulled at her small, brown nipples as she arched her back beneath him.

Her breasts were small but round and she appeared to be as sensitive as a cat to his touch. She squirmed and squealed as he tickled the little brown buttons. He used one hand to tease her and the other to push her dresses all the way down her body. She shimmied out of the chemise as he drew it over her head. 

She lay suddenly naked before him, a total stranger and yet strangely intimate after their latest adventure. Her face displayed a surprising shyness as she realized exactly where she was and what she'd been doing. He drew his fingertips down between her breasts towards her navel and she cried out again in delight and frustrated urgency. She looked as if she were trying very hard not to spread herself wide and wrap her legs around his still fully clothed body. He placed his hand over the bush of hair between her legs and grabbed at it firmly. She let out a low, guttural moan and pushed her cunt harder into his hand.

He returned the favour by slipping his fingers between the lips of her pussy and rubbing the wet, juicy slit. He got hold of her little pearl and slipped his fingers around it deliciously. She had opened her legs now to his attentions and he used his hand in earnest, slipping his fingers in and out of her, smearing her juices all over her clitoris as he rubbed her wetly. 

As he removed his hand, she cried out in disappointment but he was only attempting to reposition himself. Kissing her breasts, her stomach, the thatch of dark hair, he places his mouth over her grotto and began to suck and kiss and tongue until she was writing in intense, focused pleasure. She buried her hands in his hair and tried to push his face further and further into her, he wondered if she might swallow him whole with her cunt but he continued to lick and suck and tongue, using his hand to fuck her some more.

Her cries were becoming more urgent and more breathy and he sensed his face was about to be flooded with the sweet juices of her pussy, ready to spurt out of her like a fountain. His cock completely hard again, he lept up and plunged it into her cunt which began spasm around him like nothing he'd felt ever before. He went in and out no more than five strokes before he came himself, both of them screaming as their juices flowed between them.

They both lay there, spent, not looking at each other. She crept out from underneath him and murmured, as she pulled on her underthings, "meet me here tomorrow. I should like to try this again. Take me by surprise, no words." And with that, she left him there, wondering if he'd dreamt the whole thing.