 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2017.

This begins the Finale of Surfacing, and the final book of Sirana's story (for now). A short Epilogue will follow in December. 

This is Part 1 of 5. This first part especially can be a hard read, the whole book a "wild rollercoaster," I've been told. The characters at the Tower were always planned to be harshly tested with Fire and Earth, so I ask only that you trust me to see you through the darkness as I have before. 

My eternal thanks to Necrosisbob, Axelotl, Gazukull, Eris Adderly (aka on Lit as DeathAndTaxes), and Dearest Hubby, for every intelligent, funny, and generous moment they have given me through this epic. Six years and 3 Million Words later: Here. We. Are!

*****

SURFACING CHAPTER 43: PART ONE

PROLOGUE

^The call and threat from V'Gedra are continuous. It is a wonder I can still hear it at all.^

Similar to the cadence of grit and sand hurled against bare stone by a surging wind. It was a constant, a very small sign confirming one was Awake. The same act could not be heard in the same frequency in one's Dreaming, though all the world and more could be mirrored there. And the young could still be fooled.

The shriek and the cadence were constant. He could still hear them.

^Not a wonder but a blessing.^

When such discord and music both ceased to be worthy of attention, when he could no longer differentiate between them, he would be deaf.

^I am already blind, I think. And I have not tasted in a long time.^

How long?

^I cannot say. I leave that to one of my Brothers. Only two of them have come recently. The others, before, or just after...rrmm. It did not go well, did it?^

Different still from wind-dashed sand was the rasp of a scaled body slithering over the rock, keeping low, as that was where all the prey was now.

^A voice still begs and pleads not to hear him, not to taste even one Truth. A voice still insists it was the only way; it must be done, and yet I must not do it.^

It was too late. He had done it. He had *not* done it.

"Had you killed his mother instead of letting her go, Mazdek'pien, none of this would have happened."

He hissed, the rush of wind in his throat rising into a thunderous snarl which frightened new rabbits.

^Be still, Thraekepesk. That was always one solution. In ways, my young Kiabil was wiser than you.^

None would agree, to look at him now.

Yet Morixxyleth Arose in his Sleep, each time, within his own realm of sand and vigil, not his Sire's of shadow and perception. The blood of the Baenar kept bringing the boy back to his Home. The Half-Blood's family of origin, his place of conception. Sooner or later, the Son of Sand and Shadow would bring Dark Elves with him, now that Ishuna was dead and could no longer hold her people in check.

Wruzdiin had been right. And, in his strange and unsettling ways, Lethrix had been right.

But if the call and threat of V'Gedra ultimately toppled him and his world, then he would know that he, himself, had been wrong.

********

Creatures continuously churned and burrowed through the earth beneath him, where the Sun and the air met the land. It was his constant, and he had learned long ago to step with care on dry land. He could not burrow along with them, lest he settles down and begins to wander farther and farther underneath.

It was agreed, that was Lethrix's realm. He would Guard it alone.

Curious, then, that the Shadow Sire's Son had mimicked Arvada'zh all during his youth and the Gathering of his Hoard. No other Full-Blood but the Green used the balance of multiple caches, and few Half-Bloods had ever mastered it. Only recently had their eldest Half-Blood Son collected his caches together into one—and it had been within the Green's own territory.

The reason why was obvious as the Kiabil's belly, and perhaps it was a sign of preparation to be taken seriously. Yet Morixxyleth was Lethrix's Son; that would never change. Arvada'zh could not help but wonder what intent might be obscured by dark shadows cast by behind Morixxyleth's new wings.

(The Half-Blood is still too young. He cannot protect that Daratrix completely. He knows this. And his Kiabil...she has brought a shard of the Broken One with her and may breed it further upon the Surface. This puts Lethrix and his Son in a bad light.)

Meanwhile, all To'vah would become aware of this Truth. The Baenar have changed as a whole, the Noldor have not for some time, yet both their outliers seek to change even more.

(My Odad Noldor. She weeps for change. She tries, so desperate, to shed her chrysalis even now.)

Others—Thraekepesk, Zejuin, Qanmutk, and Kado'phar, all alongside himself—had watched the dark-haired Priestess, the Guild Sister to both Druid Daughter and Half-Blood Son as well. This one solitary, fearless Noldor discovered she could rejoin the world and carry the entire burden of her elders as they refused to do. 

It was the one reason the Wanderer would wait and see Morixxyleth's choices within the Mountains. The Dragon's Son had empowered his Guild Sister as no other Baenar had ever done for a Noldor in recent memory. Morixxyleth had done something unexpected to support the Balance.

(Though this cannot last. Would that she becomes a Kiabil to one of us in time if she seeks to expand her reach and influence as Sirana will, for Balance or Challenge.)

Alakhar and Xarzith may be aware of Krithannia but likely were not of Sirana, though they paid little attention regardless, more distant and caught in their own challenges where they were. Similarly, Tualiwehli was usually facing another direction as things happened at his back; he may not fully realize the shifts happening, and Arvada'zh did not blame him in this.

(It is his function, as the Underneath and Forever Tomb is that of Lethrix.)

Finally, there was Mazdek'pien. He and his lands were eroding.

(Only Lethrix had ever suggested he can still be saved. That was some time ago.)

Arvada'zh stepped light and long, catching the rich scents of all things living and dying so close together, as one creating the taste of Home. This peripheral treasure was the one point where his understanding of his crystal-minded Humans and that of Lethrix's Broken Children met as One. It was the one place in All Being he could see inside the Underdark without Wandering there.

That lingering insight was the one reason Arvada'zh had considered, when the others would not, that Lethrix could be right about the Spire Guardian. Especially now, after meeting those strange Baenar cousins to Morixxyleth. 

One of them, the psionic Kiabil had chosen for stud—and she had chosen the healer, not the destroyer. Sirana could not have chosen better, Arvada'zh thought, to carry and soon bear a To'vah-kin, to convince the Green to give Mazdek a little more time. 

At least, this was what he decided at the time.

Soon after, however, as the season was in transition to the Cold Sleep, the music at the Tower of the Herald of Deathwalkers changed abruptly, struck by something quiet, yet eternal. It did not stop as the Wanderer sniffed and followed its lead out of his territory for seven days. 

In that time, Arvada'zh stood as a large, burly Human atop a hill on the edge of Kado'phar's Jewel City, looking East and South. Even the loud rip and crash at Manalar just the previous year, shocking the Wanderer into a similar path to arrive here, had settled. It had become muffled after seven days. Now, the dissonance was gone entirely.

This quiet pitch could be a new constant in the Ley Lines, and it may even reach into the red sands from here. The Green could confirm it if he dared Wander that far.

+You linger, Wanderer?+ Kado'phar asked him from Sleep.

(Not long, Brother. A moment.)

The giant frowned, turning to listen behind him with one ear, and forward with the other. He stood perfectly still for many moments as the Humans worked tirelessly. Eventually, he scented a difference in the direction he chose, and it did not surprise him.

(I must return now. I will not Wander into the Desert.)

He would investigate later. Should his theory be true, then Arvada'zh might think eventually the Presence at V'Gedra may grow threatened by the new tone and seek to snuff it out.

Should it be so, the resilience of the Siblings' Children on Miurag would be tested greatly, and they would show their true colors, refracted by the crystal into pure intent.

May it not become what it was in the First God War.

******

The Sorceress of the Underdark City had learned first, and quickly, that fear made the borders of the mind weak. She had learned to use her Elvish eyes and her voice, her body and her "aura" to confuse the hybrid. To dissuade her from trying to peer inside that molten core of blinding magic.

~That one individual contains and wields such power on command, yet not be a Dragon...~

Xalli realized that she was far from the only one who feared the Sorceress for the same reason. This was...

~What was the saying?~

This was an "Old Game."

Where the one Elder was feared for her impenetrable gaze, there was another who was transparent and providing Balance, or so her Sire had said.

*General Rausery was becoming *beloved,* he'd said.

Enough individual Baenar believed that Rausery would keep D'Shea in check, and as long as they worked together, the two of them provided the best of both strengths Elders could provide to their people.

Xalli'hoon recalled, late one eve, that her deceased Mother had been this as well, but the Elder Mind had been these qualities in One. No matter the number of bodies, no matter the levels of consciousness—some closer and some farther from the center of the Great Work—the Fear and the Love was One-and-Together.

Perhaps the Elves mimic the ancient pattern in their own way. It may be the same, yet what was familiar looked so strange from a compound gaze compared to a unified one. 

~It is complicated. Fractured. Sharp, and frightening...~

"And wondrous," Lethrix murmured to soothe. "And freeing. It is Possibility given birth out of a brittle shell, my Child. It is how the world keeps from going still for the rest of time."

Freeing.

Wondrous.

Whatever else her Dragon Sire may want, he did not want the world to go still.

One cycle Xalli was in the same room when Elder D'Shea dared to remove enough outer clothing, enough armor, to show that her belly had grown. It now rounded out a shirt which may be too small if the growth continued.

Possibility to be birthed out of a brittle shell...?

~Elder Sorceress is pregnant with a new Mind. Like my Father.~

*Yes, my Darkling.*

~Has Father freed my Brother yet?~

*She has not yet, but soon. Sirana will try.*

Xalli nodded, knowing something of this. Being "freed" from Mother's vats, her newborn Self recalled a specific Moment. A mental shriek of pain and loss. Horror and denial. She had not understood it at the time; she had not the consciousness to understand even though it had seared her in so many ways. But Lethrix helped her recall.

Mother's hate had begun when she lost custody of Xall'ihoon's mind to her Father's kind.

~Freeing him will be difficult for her,~ the hybrid thought.

*Agreed, my Child. It will be the most difficult thing she will ever do.*

PART ONE

Jael hummed to herself; she could not be bothered to be quiet as she surrendered to the impulse to spin and dance, turn cartwheels and a few more difficult flips.

She had so much energy. She had to use it somehow but didn't feel like going along with Shyntre, Karulin, and Natia. She'd be fine on her own while Morix finished up dinner with Mai.

*I can't wait until Sirana can keep up again, and it really is a good thing Auslan wants to tend the baby. She'll get back in shape, we'll challenge each other, and I can teach her what I've learned about some things as she asked.*

Not Blade Song. This Daratrix was a mere apprentice just through her first year and wouldn't dare presume! But combat? To'vah spells, since Sirana could understand the Words. Other interesting tricks.

Oh, yes, there was nothing holding the "little" Sister back from teaching her elder something she didn't know!

"Ya-tah-tah, hm-hm-mmm!" she crooned—probably badly, but that's why she was alone—skipping, then charging ahead. She chose her Word, leaped over a downed log, cleared it with much more distance than necessary. She laughed, pumping her fist. It felt she had nearly flown!

*Now I have to find a wider gulch and try that again!*

In her roaming, she saw that same skeletal wolf sentry from when she'd been carrying that boar on her shoulders. She was fairly sure it was the same one. Regardless, it sat on its haunches and watched her. It tilted its head, eye sockets empty and bony muzzle peeled of flesh, yet one would think it had ears to hear, a nose to smell, eyes to see.

*What? Why are you staring again?*

She stopped and frowned directly at it, hand-signing for it to go away, in case Gavin was controlling it right then.

It lowered itself into its tummy, which it didn't really have, and she could see grass blades poking right out of its ribcage as it settled on the ground. Its forepaws were stretched out in front but its head up high.

*Fucking creepy how well it mimics motions from when it was alive.*

The undead wolf didn't go away, but nor did it follow her as she jogged her way to a more challenging test for her magical leap before the Sun set and it was dinnertime.

******

"This is not possible," Gavin muttered for the second time.

He did not feel quite himself in saying so. Did he not otherwise think that he knew, far more than any other resident of the Tower, just how far the perception of reality could stretch?

"I-I do not know," Auslan whispered, unwilling to try harder to convince the Herald. 

He had fallen against the wall after finishing his explanation of where he and the Dark Priest had come from. He had slowly slid onto the floor of Gavin's lab and was hugging his knees like a distraught child.

"I have wondered...if the Abyss passed Ishuna's insanity to me when she died. If seeing the Spider Queen's face, I am infected and cannot trust what I thought I saw, what I was told. Perhaps I would prefer to be confused in a Dream-state created by another Seer, or a demon. I-I have not confessed this to Sirana. I am not certain Shyntre knows what he is, though his dreams try to tell him..."

The Dark Elf fell silent then.

Rather than deny it a third time, Gavin mentally gathered the new pieces he'd been given, surprised and disturbed by how well they fitted together. 

Gavin could more easily accept that Ishuna's son had existed once, unlike the exiles from the Underdark living at his Tower who lacked their race's history. Lord Indrath had given the Herald his story in trade, based on the truth of it. Gavin knew that his personal story had been utterly true as he saw it, ergo, Indrath's story—and Mazdel's existence—must be true as Indrath saw it.

Therefore he set one fact as his base: *Mazdel had been born, lived, and died.*

Meanwhile, Soraveri's Seeker had heard a confession from Ishuna herself as she passed away. He heard that she had given birth upon a Dragon's Hoard, that of Mazdek'pien, and had lost her son to the To'vah because of it, only to regain him centuries later. Lord Indrath had told Gavin this same story, one in which the Infernal Son had participated.

*It is exactly the same. While I thought it a warning for Mourn and Sirana—and it still is, for what it's worth—there had been much more to it. Does Indrath indeed know of the two Brothers living in my Tower? Why has he not asked of them?*

Gavin stared down at the Dark Elf who, by the claim of his Queen, contained the Vis of an ancient, Elvish soul who'd once been part of a Dragon's Treasure. Auslan's Dark Priest Brother had been the first host, and later the Consort-healer had been chosen to help carry the burden. 

This was nothing like the "safe harbor" the Elves had been given leave to practice in their limited understanding of their own deaths. The blending of Vis and Vitas in the Elf before him was so perfect, and so true to his essence that even Gavin's eyes and magic could not detect it. It was no longer a foreign body which could be removed; it had become as if ink had been added to a bowl of water, changing the shade of the liquid but not its form or its volume.

Gavin wondered now if the Dragons had been able to smell it. Lethrix's continued interest in both male Elves had been obvious. And the way Arvada'zh had stared at them on his way out the door, asking his question of Sirana about the father...?

Yet how did it happen?

*Elves cannot be death mages. It is the antithesis of their function.*

Yet an Elf like Ishuna had fallen in love with a Deathwalker while she was young, had lived with both her and a Sorcerer—the elder brother to Cris-ri-phon, no less—throughout their natural Human lifetimes. Ishuna the Mystic may have learned a great deal if she was as "open" to the Outside as Indrath said she was.

*Perhaps with the power of the Abyss at her back, in her desperation to preserve and keep some part of Mazdel beside her. Perhaps it is indeed possible Ishuna learned to manipulate the Vis and Vitas of another upon death, as a necromancer does. Sacrifices to the Spider Queen cannot have been so very different.*

Disturbing now, how much that scenario held in common with the Divine Prime of the Ascended. And for the Ma'ab to have created the Eternal Hellhound as a blending of Elf to Greyland-touched, Human soul in Kreshel Divigna.

*Yet Sirana was told Vesram's Mother could still be freed. Similar results but different methods and motivations...*

Auslan silently wept while Gavin pondered all this. Some of these tears may have to do with reconciling an unwanted bond to an infamous Mother-figure—one who would always remain—with disliking the idea of admitting this to loved ones.

Others, however, had more to do with the immediate concern of Jael, and what it would mean if she was indeed pregnant by a To'vah Half-Blood. And the Life Priest was somehow responsible for it, thanks to Lethrix's trick.

*A pity I know not how to reach out to speak to the Black Dragon without going through his Son...*

"She did not want a child," Auslan murmured in misery. "I have done her a great wrong, and I have made Morix vulnerable against his wishes, through no fault of his own. Th-they must face a decision I would never have pressed upon them. I would take the hardship for them if I could..."

Gavin cleared his throat, uncomfortable with the open mourning. "Again, healer, perhaps I am wrong in what I saw."

"You are not wrong, Herald. I know you are right. Though I did not know who it would be or exactly when this...it fits my Dreams..."

"What Dreams are these?"

The healer gulped and grimaced like his throat hurt. He swallowed again, looking up with drenched cheeks.

"The price I will pay for Choosing shall not help those I Chose in any way."

******

"Where is Auslan?" Shyntre asked as they started to gather at the dinner table.

Sirana shrugged. "I don't know."

"You don't?"

"Have no fear, he is well," Gavin said, already sitting with an untouched cup of tea. "He signed to one of my sentries that he would be out a bit longer. He said to begin without him."

The sorcerer felt suspicion bloom in his chest looking at the necromancer. He had made it back with Karulin and Natia not long before, and they hadn't seen his Brother. Auslan had never promised to join them outside, but Shyntre would have expected him to leave a message with someone here, not depend on Gavin's eyes to update his family.
