 A light rain rolled through. It's a perfect time to take a romantic walk, just the two of us. The woods always smelled amazing after a storm. Earlier this afternoon, I laid out a blanket in a clearing back away from any neighbors; rain or not, I was taking him there. 

His car pulls in the drive and immediately I feel my heart race a bit. Feels like forever since we've kissed... I finally have him all to myself for the weekend.

He smiles and throws the car in park. I eagerly run up to him for a hug almost knocking him over.

"I've missed you!" I squeezed him tighter. "I've missed you more!" he picked me up and spun me around.

We took his things in the cabin and decided to take that walk I secretly had planned for us. 

We strolled the path for a few minutes exchanging small talk. As we got closer to the clearing, Dean notices the blanket and bottle of wine waiting for us. "Were you expecting someone?" he asked trying to be cute. I smiled and took his hand leading him to the spot.

We sat on the blanket and he opened the wine, pouring two glasses. 

My heart was still fluttery over finally getting to see him after so long, so I was kind of nervous. I knew that'd go away after the first kiss though. He played shy, as if he didn't know how much I really liked him. 

A few minutes of flirting passed by. He finally shut up long enough for me to lean in for a kiss. Stunned for a moment then he began kissing back. "I'm so happy you were able to come. I didn't think I'd ever get to see you again." I whispered in between kisses. "I had to, I couldn't let this chance slip by." He reassured me.

The sun was peeking through the trees giving everything a yellow orange sunset glow. I couldn't have picked a more romantic spot and moment.

Our eyes locked ...no jokes... no nerves... no one interrupting... 

His hand lightly held my neck and head, pulling me closer. This moment... this is the particular point in time is what I have lived for.

Our lips touched. It was magic. Raw emotion turning into unbridled passion. There was no taking it slow now.

Dean laid me back, gently cupping my face. He's swift to unbutton my blouse. My hands are frantically unzipping his jeans. His breath on my neck is such a turn on and he knows it. 

My shorts are half way off revealing the white lace thong I had saved for this occasion. He reaches down and pulls them the rest of the way off. He gets up on his knees, pulls his shirt over his head. The hair on his chest is practically begging for my fingers.

The sunset is throwing long shadows now making the clearing feel more intimate. Leaves are rustling in the breeze, crickets chirping and fireflies off in the distance.

Dean's hands find my thighs and follow up my sides as he lowers back down to me. I continue to work his jeans down. His cock bounces loose when I pull his jeans down. Mmmmm, I have missed that too. I can feel the warmth from his ridged cock against my pelvis. I press against him more. My breasts are peeking from the top of my bra until he reaches under me flipping the clasp open; they bounce free. Holding them in each hand he covers them with kisses, spending some quality time on my nipples. The feel of his beard on my skin is sending chills to my spine. 

He pulls my shirt out from beneath me and securely covers my eyes. "Don't move." He forces my hands above my head, holding my wrists.

This is all kind of new to me, this isn't like him... I think I like it!

He separates my legs with his knee. Grabbing my panties with his left hand, a quick yank is all it takes to rip them from me. My skin glistens in the dim light dancing through the leaves. "Do you want me? Do you want my cock inside you?" He growled. "Yes!" I said without hesitation.

"No you don't!" He was a little louder this time. "no... NO, I...don't!" I stuttered catching on to his lead. I began to struggle a bit, so he shook his belt from his jeans and fastened it around my wrists. "Now... Do you want my cock inside you...?!" He had a tone in his voice that I had never heard but found it very erotic. 

"NO... I DON'T want you inside me!" I threw in a "please... noooo" adding effect.

The more I played into him... the more things got hot. He threw open my legs, my pussy was soaked... I did want him, and I wanted him bad! I wanted his cock plunging deep in me! I wanted his tongue... I wanted his hands...

My hands struggled, not to get free but to touch him. I wanted to feel him. 

He lifted my knees up and apart, opening my lips wider... Showing him exactly how much I "didn't want" him inside me. He leaned against me... laying his hard dick between my ass cheeks... he rocked forward and back, just rubbing the head lightly as if he was trying to decide if he wanted to dive into my ass or my pussy.

My struggles have loosened the blouse covering my eyes. Somehow, in this dim light... he looked devilish. His eyes gleamed from the sliver of light left from the sunset. The trees cast an ominous shadow over his face and chest making him appear fiendish. 

Were we still playing? Has this gone too far? What if...My thoughts are jolted from me. He was, with one pound, deep inside me... deeper than anyone before. Again... and again... deeper than anyone. I try to wiggle free... but something dark inside my mind tells me to ride this one out... i don't want to like this... it's scary... but it feels so good! I push back, welcoming him into me. This is insane... I am not like this... I am a good girl...my thoughts again interrupted by a sudden deep thrust. 

My mind struggles with the thought of enjoying what he's doing to me. Darkness has covered us, there's no crickets, no fireflies... just us. This man I thought I knew has turned into this beast of a lover. 

He rolls me over, my face dropping to the blanket. The blouse that once covered my eyes has slipped to my neck. I still can't see him clearly, just a silhouette. 

"Now, do you want my cock inside you??" his breath on the back of my neck sending euphoric chills down my spine. By now, I really didn't know how to answer him. I do want his cock deep in me... but do I tell him that? What does he want me to say?? "WELL?? Do you??!" His growl went straight to my heart. 

"Yes! I want you... I want you deep inside me! I NEED to feel you!" His hips pounded into me, shoving that thickness up in me. I gasped and choked down the tears... I wasn't supposed to be enjoying this... why do i?? I want him to keep doing this... I want to feel more!

His hands smoothing up my hips, around my breasts... I want to touch him back but can't. His hands don't feel like his hands... His sweat smells sweet... his voice doesn't sounds like him. I stretch my arms hoping to get free. He stops my struggle by grabbing the blouse tight, slowly taking my breath away... 

He continues fucking me... the blouse squeezes tighter around my neck, sending me into an orgasmic tantrum...

Daylight pierces my eyelids. I squinted to see the clock... 8:42am. My clothes are strewn about the room. Where is he? I jumped up to text Dean... "Where'd you go?" 

He promptly replied "What do you mean? I told you last week that I couldn't make it."