 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2017.

This is the final piece of Sirana's story, for now.

Acknowledgements: My Husband, Gamemaster of Worlds; NecrosisBob, Lich of Underworlds; Axelotl, Artist of Feldeus and Mangoes; Gazukull, Pwner of 3D Porn Tales; Ile Depak, Quiet and Mighty Typo-Slayer; DeathandTaxes, Subversive Kick-Ass Romantic; John of the Proper Irish Fry-Up; my generous donors and patrons, and last but not least, where it all began: the readers, commenters, and supporters at Literotica.

Three Million Thank-You's! ~Etaski

Surfacing Epilogue

Sirana acted as his example, or he would not be in his short-lived den alone. 

Morixxyleth was still wet from his swim, having climbed out of the pool, his tail dipping into it as if he fished with a long, black worm as bait. Without his Kiabil's knowledge or urging, he had come alone to where his first Hoard had lived together for a very brief time, and then allowed itself to be killed. By him. 

The young To'vah crouched on the edge in bipedal form, and he contemplated the melted rock and deep scorch marks in the earth; another death and a birth in one. Jael was still at the Tower; there was much there she had missed living alone with him in the Desert, and he would rather she indulge in Elven magic and warmth, embrace them until her strong arms could embrace no more.

It will be good for her, and what is good for the Mother is good for the Child.

It would not be the first time Morixxyleth must quell the impulse to take his mate and their baby everywhere with him, to keep her separated, from engaging with the world so he could guard over them with his own two eyes, his ears, his nose, tongue, and body. It was not necessary, a thought born out of Fear. If he listened to his other senses—his new ones—he was not truly leaving them. He was never a great distance at all; not only could he track them as he had from Koorul to Mazdek's Spire, but he would be fast enough to match another To'vah, which was what mattered. 

As things were, Arvada'zh had called for peace between them, and with the Herald as witness, not only did Morixxyleth accept, but Sirana had as well. Their family remained in the Green's territory for the time being, but in a place still protected by the neutral Grey.

Word of Morixxyleth only now drifted through the Ley Lines, through To'vah Dreams. As three To'vah had witnessed, the rest would soon Know: they had lost a Son, but now had a new Sire among them. Eventually each To'vah would make contact to meet him, whether alone or in clusters. 

For some, it was not urgent; this was no reason to Wake before their time when Mazdek'pien had just gone to Sleep. His Desert Grandsire rested, at long last, while his Deep Below Sire remained Awake, strolling about with Sirana's Daughter, working out a new Balance between those Baenar who knew they would be a permanent part of the Underdark and those who would want to leave it.

Before Lethrix had gone back, however, the young Sargt remembered his Black Sire and him standing alone outside. The elder Dragon had circled around him, catching new scents through his teeth, which came out as hisses. The eyes were sly as ever, the grin self-satisfied. There had been something new in Lethrix's stance, however; now straight-backed and measured, maintaining a steady distance. Morixxyleth did not get the sense that his Sire searched for a place to prod or poke at him. His Sire had observed him, even as he never lost that smug glimmer in his eyes.

"Well done," the Deep Dragon said. "You honor your Mother in surviving."

The younger had felt his head tilt, but his tail moved far less than it might have before his Becoming. The tone was not digging; it was a statement. "Thank you, Sire. Hm. Do we all remember our Mothers?"

Lethrix had shaken his head. "No. Eventually her name is lost, along with her race. We forget quickly if the Son dies, too."

But for a while, both Lethrix and Morixxyleth would remember a Baenar named Izabal.

"The Herald accepted you to stay here for some time with Xalli while I was gone," Morixxyleth broached.

Lethrix had chortled. "If I were a more jealous guardian to her, I'd have taken offense with the way the necromancer looked at her!"

Morixxyleth arched a brow ridge. "In what way?"

"Ohhh, perhaps as if she was a well-crafted skeleton key to every chest he's been trying to open since returning from the Grey." His Sire had grinned and rubbed his chin. "One could never call the Herald smitten with any creature but his Eternal Lady, but he holds a certain appreciation in his eye which Xalli cannot yet recognize. At the moment she prefers the Paladin. They have even agreed to keep in contact by the crystal plane."

The young Dragon had smiled. "A stark contrast."

"Especially as one of the two will exist far past the other. The Herald knows his time is not now."

No, it was not.

Morixxyleth then brought his Sire back around to the beginning of their conversation. "You brought Xalli here, and stayed to help Sirana for when she was ready to find me."

The Deep Dragon blinked his eyes. "That was the idea at the time."

"How so?"

"A Balanced arena, you must have figured, my Son. You had no chance against Mazdek as a To'vah-krav, but you did with your Baenar Companion and your Priestess. And so would he also have a choice, if he wanted to be killed or not. I only did not know how it would go."

Morixxyleth tilted his head. "You did not expect me to Become and be able to fight back without my females."

There had been an oddly honest shake of his Sire's head. "No, I did not. But I am open to any possibility, my Son. As long as the right mix is present, I accept any outcome. This is among the best of them for you and Mazdek both. A true To'vah born, an Ancient Brother saved from his fall to be Sleeping at last, and a new To'vah-krav on the way, blessed by Dragon-touched, Goddess worshippers!" Lethrix's tail had curled with excitement. "This next Age will not be peaceful, but it shall not be boring!"

Ultimately, Morixxyleth could not help but smile at him, and then he offered a dig of his own. "Won't there be some protest about what you've done where Sirana is concerned?"

"I'd be disappointed if Arvada'zh was the only one," Lethrix had said, the shine of Challenge in his gaze. "That will primarily be your problem while she is your Companion, though I will never apologize as though we know only one path to keep the world spinning, so do not expect it."

"I would never," his Son answered with a knowing smirk, and Lethrix grinned wider at the encouragement.

"Enough To'vah had forgotten the Psionic God to their own detriment," the Deep Dragon had said. "It makes them complacent when only Arvada'zh has any ease around the Varasa. Sirana's existence on the Surface, and that of her children...well. I repeat, it shall not be boring."

Morixxyleth had bowed his head in a nod, his own honoring of "Come what may."

"I shall remember my Mother's name, Sire," he had said. "And the Mother of my own Child."

"As long as neither are upon a pedestal above the Dask di'Darastrixi," his Sire had said, "remember for as long as you can, my Son."

The young male had chuckled. Jael would never tolerate a pedestal anyway before she simply jumped off it.

Now, Morixxyleth had come back to his former den alone. He had watched a tangibly powerful Sirana with small, vulnerable Wruzdi, and he used it now as a constant reminder not to keep Jael caged under the guise of keeping her safe. This was every bit as difficult for him as it was for his Kiabil with their infant son. 

How strong was this feeling—by whatever word it was called in any language—so frightening in its power that, for the first time, the new Dragon thought he might understand Ishuna, Innathi, and Cris-ri-phon better, after he had thought that he never would. Even being of the Eldest Race—he was not Baenar, Noldor, Tundar, or Yun-gar—while the young To'vah interacted so closely with them all, he would be no wiser than them for being so young. 

With the power Morixxyleth now carried within him, the ancient Elven family of V'Gedra—Innathi and Cris-ri-phon, Ishuna and Mazdel—were his best example of what Morixxyleth could easily and quickly become. That the Life Priest and his Dark Brother existed in their cautionary state to serve as that lasting reminder was a blessing within the tragedy, and deeply humbling to a new To'vah.

In truth, Shyntre and Ta'suil were his Spirit Brothers.

Within his former den, Morixxyleth reached out to touch the depression on the floor, able to taste metal deep below along with the acrid tang in what remained of boiled rock. The precious metal which once lay here was now beyond his reach, held fast inside the mountain, cold and inert. Even if he were to dig for it, to exhume the rich veins of color, it would be only as a dead body to him.

This mountain must wear down before that metal would be released again naturally, perhaps to be mined by a Tundar or a Yun-gar—or another race not yet born—and collected, remade with spirit and creativity as tribute to Miurag and her First-Born Sons once again. Everything his Hoard had contained which was not metal or gem was now inside him.

"You grew for centuries alongside me," he murmured, "grew in power, as I did. Only together could we Become what we Are. What I Am."

Even the few caches which had not been here would have melted down where they lay; they would no longer be a hidden treasure for anyone to find. The young Black To'vah still possessed pieces which had belonged to the Elfblood he had been born; weapons only, kept separate within the Elf-made weapons cuffs which had never bonded with the Hoard. They were only tools now; needed ones, but mere possessions all the same. The To'vah did not feel the same about those pieces as he had about his Hoard.

Fortunately this meant he and Jael still had their sliders, and Cris-ri-phon's double-blade. He could still teach her Blade Song as he had promised. She, in turn, could teach her House, her race, perhaps her children if she survived to bear true Elves. That magic would be returned at long last to the Baenar, as Morixxyleth no longer had need of it.

This was assuming Jael lived beyond the next two or three years.

"She will live!" Ta'suil had promised him earnestly, staring Morix in the eye, unblinking. "We made this happen together, I am as responsible as you. I will give everything I have to heal her, to help her welcome her baby as a greeting, not a farewell."

Morix believed Soraveri's Priest, and for that he was thankful. He could taste the clarity of purpose and the certainty, the lack of any doubt what must be done. His Elf family was unified in this; Sirana, of course, and Ta'suil, Shyntre, Karulin, Tamuril...all of them swore an oath to see Mother and child live.

The three To'vah Speaking for the Pair had invited them to try, even as his elders seemed cautiously skeptical. Similarly, the Herald had made no such promise but said that he would contemplate the challenge set forth. Really, the Grey scholar could not help but do so; may it be to their advantage.

His rough fingertips lifting off the blackened stone, Morixxyleth called Soul Drinker into his palm from his magical bracers. There was no voice, no struggle of wills; no immediate and demanding hunger. There was still the taste of magic, of danger to the living for reasons beyond a sharp edge able to cut flesh. 

The To'vah could not read the runes inscribed on it; not only had they shifted in color from crimson red to silvery grey, but the runes themselves had different shapes—subtle but crucial in their function. He had a guess that, whenever the To'vah had the will to release the blade into another's hands, his ally of the Grey would recognize some of the language.

Morixxyleth stood up, bowing his head in Yungian fashion to the small, marked grave of his first treasure. He prepared to leave the cave which was no longer his den. As a Dragon without a Hoard, without a place to Sleep, he would have to start again.

He looked forward to it.

******

Spring had returned swiftly to the Western Mountains. Tamuril's efforts the previous year resulted in growth even more lustrous during this second Spring than it had the first. The Druid's popularity among the males grew with it. 

Arvada'zh had already approached the Noldor Odad again, now that their previous Bargain had been fulfilled so quickly. Willven Isboern was generous as ever in his kindness and his love whenever he was able to visit the Tower. Although it would take more time still to mend recent injuries of the spirit between them, Morixxyleth did not see the Dark Elf Brothers keeping their hands off her smooth, pale skin for long. 

The gazes shared, the affection which remained still between them and Sirana, given further that Tamuril still sometimes nursed Wruzdi from her own breasts and the Druid's own obvious expression of fertility flourishing all around her...? Morix remained of the opinion that the blonde Noldor would be better off making peace with the inevitable; she should choose a sire and be done with it. Enjoy her remaining five decades with what she truly wanted. With the exception of himself and Gavin, there was no shortage of males sniffing around her long, graceful legs.

The Black Son went to meet one of those sniffing males now. Once it would have taken him all day run this trek, and flying would have been only a partial day faster. Now he could leave and return to his family before they would wonder what was taking him so long.

He landed, walking toward the Ward and able to enter. He stopped. "Lord Rousse."

Indrath bowed his head in greeting. "Morixxyleth."

They met well outside of Gavin's borders, upon the Midway much farther to the East. Arvada'zh would not open his borders to the Ice Lord, and had said he would refuse for at least three years. Morix and Indrath stood surrounded by tall, yellow grass flattened by snow the previous Winter but brightening with new, green shoots. The Sky was mostly covered with clouds, while the pair met beneath an even stronger veil of privacy.

Morix called Soul Drinker naked into his hand, held it up, though not in threat. The Ice Lord could tell this. His blank, ivory eyes studied the relic from the modest distance between them before they raised again, curious, to meet the pure golden eyes of the other.

"You waited barely a year, Morixxyleth," Indrath commented. "Quite bold."

"Necessary," the young Sargt replied.

The Devil looked again at the blade. Morix could not read the Lord's expression or his thoughts; both he kept contained.

"The Demon's gone," Indrath said simply.

"Exiled, yes."

"When did Narzeuraek break the rules, To'vah?"

"It didn't. It merely posed a Challenge, looking to free itself from you and me, from all control on Miurag. It lost."

The Infernal Elf allowed one corner of his mouth to twitch upward. "A Challenge of its own, not through its carrier? I did not think Narzeuraek would have the will to ever leave that blade to fight again alone after what I'd done to it."

"The scent of Dragon blood spilling out unabated was convincing enough. With luck it was weak enough after being banished to have already been eaten by the Abyss."

"Mm." Indrath stood with graceful arms crossed, appearing as harmless as Morix had ever witnessed him. His aura was fully under his control. "Our Bargain remains, even as your Becoming occurred first and our mutual thorn has been dealt with."

Morixxyleth nodded once in agreement. "It does, Lord of Vintern Hjem."

The Elf Father relaxed, so subtle it was there only in his sulfurous scent.

"Arvada'zh has taken notice of our Bargain," the young Black added, "even if he cannot change it."

Indrath twisted his calm smile and sighed. "Indeed. It makes too much sense that the Wanderer and I would be at odds now about this. He still does not understand how I have been helping him. How you and I mean to help the Noldor. He may even have me to thank for being able to settle his red prong inside a true Odad, to Taste such bounty once again."

Morix's tail slithered darkly in the grass as he detected the subtle resentment and covetousness beneath the smug statement. He ignored it, knowing Marikoth the Golden Priest remained the first desirable target in the Lord's eyes. The To'vah Blood had even more confidence than before that he could deliver the Elf and remain within the Balance.

Morixxyleth was a Dragon without a Hoard. Without a Territory to Guard. The next decades or more would be turbulent regardless as Miurag as a whole grew accustomed to his presence. He would find his own place apart from his Deep Sire of the Underdark, even apart from the To'vah of the Desert, who could rightly be called his Grandsire.

Indrath noticed the lack of reply and let it go for now. "How fares your Kiabil and Daratrix, Morixxyleth? Such Song as we've been hearing coming from the Tower of the Grey! Yet both the Herald and Arvada'zh have been reluctant to part the Mists. It makes some of us very curious."

"They both fare well, Lord, thank you for asking."

Indrath smirked a little, his arms still crossed with his back straight, his wings partly open and regally arched. "And the little one, Wruzdi? Born safely, I must assume, for you to be so at ease."

A nod. "He was. Sirana is much admired and tended as a new Matron."

"She would deserve it, as I see it." A momentary pause. "And her chosen sires? How are they?"

Blatant fishing. How much to say? What to offer, in their understanding of mutual family connection and temporary respite? What to say which the Ice Lord would discover sooner or later regardless? Better to satisfy this curiosity now, to protect his Daratrix and Child a little longer.

"Auslan returned to us some weeks ago. He found his way back to his body, we know not how. He is healing well with Shyntre and Wruzdi near him."

Although Shyntre had muttered something about sensing his Brother near Mazdek's Hoard when they first left the Desert, Ta'suil himself had not spoken of what he had seen on his journey before he returned to his flesh. Perhaps he could someday, or perhaps he would whisper such things only to Shyntre, but there was a bud of wizened light in his eyes which reminded Morix of the Fathers and Mothers of the Tilabil. Only a little yet it was unmistakable, even as it was not ready to be explored.

Indrath granted a visible exhale of relief this time, lifting graceful fingers to his sharp chin as he considered this news. "Astonishing. I am glad to hear this. No doubt Shyntre is healing as well to have his bond-brother back. I still recall the bleeding edge of his mind when I held him in that cave, my poor son has suffered so much. I look forward to meeting the both of them together, they with their son. Their auras must be a sight of pure beauty."

Morixxyleth smirked. "You will have to account for their Chosen Champion to enjoy that moment, Elf Father."

"Ah, yes, Sirana, again." Indrath smiled. "Certainly. So?"

The young Black only chuckled, and the Ice Lord narrowed his eyes in playful suspicion.

"So be it, then," Indrath said, shifting as if he had heard all he cared to this moment. 

A Bargain had been reaffirmed, more than one son had been rescued and were recovering, and an ancient bond between two eternally feuding Outsiders had been released decisively from Miurag's soil. He was ready to return to Vintern Hjem.

"Perhaps next time, we can meet in the Far North," Morixxyleth offered.
