 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2017.

This continues the Finale of Surfacing, and the final book of Sirana's story (for now). A short Epilogue will follow in December. This is Part 2 of 5.

To fall is to push back to your feet.

Surfacing Chapter 43, Part Two

The Elf could Touch the mist, these tiny droplets of water, as much as he could feel the innumerable grains of sand weighing him down. The Taste of them rested at the back of his throat like an infant bird not ready to fly away. He did not have all his senses at all times, not as when he'd been alive, but Touch was almost constant.

He believed he knew why. It had to do with some ancient scrolls in a library, ones he had read to him recently.

*The Tasters and the Hands of Niraj,* he thought.

"Yes," Ada replied as if she needed no context.

He realized he had felt the vibrations of her voice rather than heard it. He knew what she'd said.

"The To'vah and the Yun-gar," he said aloud, testing.

"Indeed."

He hadn't truly heard his own voice in his cave; he had felt the vibrations, knew what he intended to say. Sight and Sound had vanished as they went below, into the cave. He was not afraid, but he was saddened.

"Is this how it is for them?" he asked. "Without their eyes and ears?"

"They have adapted for now. But yes. The Yun-gar never knew their Mother Soraveri. Thus far we have grown up without her direct teachings. Some of the To'vah have stepped in to help tend the youngest race."

"But they aren't Mothers," he protested.

"No. They are not. Nonetheless, they learn, the oldest and the youngest, together."

The Elf considered the "middle" Surface children. "The Tundar are Smell."

Ada nodded. "They recall more of their Mother, Fel-Nash'en. Though they might recognize her as Heligana. They knew more of her teachings before she, too, left and her scent faded from them."

He frowned, building a body in his mind and yet one part was still missing.

"The Thought children?" he asked. "Mindflayers and the psionic Humans."

"The ancient dying and the unborn near birth as One," Ada said. "Each unable to assist in building the world, but aware of it nonetheless."

"Except for one."

"He will live a very short time. But yes, the Brother-Father has given that Man's soul temporary leave to know the Word beneath his Thought, and to help rebuild a very small part of his world."

They continued down in the dark. The mist on his tongue remained, and he could walk through the curtain of fog and feel like he floated through peace and contentment. The body in his mind was complete, whole, and cyclical. The Elf recalled some vague talk, also recent, starkly contrasting the Hands facing death with those of Niraj's Eyes and Ears facing the same. 

"May I ask something?"

"Hm?" Ada encouraged him to continue.

"Of the Baenar and the Noldor, and...ah...?"

He could well imagine her youthful smile from the change in the tremors around him.

"The Tilabil."

"What?"

"As one, the Baenar, the Noldor, the Wilder, and the others. You are the Tilabil. Your race is not ready to accept this task once again. The pain of losing your Sister-Mothers has been too great, and there is much to mend first."

The Elf trembled. "I see."

"Yes. You do." She giggled, and the feel of it was wonderful. "Please, continue. You were saying?"

"Ah. Well. The Tilabil, and the Yun-gar. The first receive very long life, longer than any natural race. The other, very short life."

"True."

"This is not Balanced at first glance."

"It is Balanced when you recall the companion entwined with Life."

"Death."

"Yes."

"The Elves of Miurag have no existence in Death."

"Not normally, no."

"The Humans?"

Ada touched him, lightly, and he accepted; he took her hand. He Touched her, and he could Taste her. It aroused him still, though the rush of energy here was different. There were no bodies to couple, as Life could not be summoned or made here in that way, but there was pleasure all the same.

"We shine brightest beyond the veil. Our existence can be as long, or longer in Death as the Elves shine in Life. The Balance is there, the flow of the Paths kept alive in our deaths, and the Brother-Father and the Grey Lady love us very much for it."

"I can imagine why. Is this why you, Ada, of all my millennia of reveries, are the most beautiful dream I have ever known?"

She laughed in delighted surprise, squeezing his hand. "Flatterer!"

The Elf chuckled, and they fell quiet. He could almost hear the river ahead in the blackness. He had been told it would be very big. When they came upon the shore of the river, lined with damp sand, Ada stopped him lest he should walk into it unseen and unseeing.

He wanted to cry tears of sorrow and of joy. He could See it. Calm and constant, distilling and enriching, cooling and warming, feeding and decomposing. It was rich enough, vast enough, pure and Balanced enough to nurture the entire world. If only they could reach it. If only they could share it and tend it.

"I-I have never known this was beneath the sands I walked," he said.

"Elves do not see this river from this view, but every Tilabil knows it all the same. You return here, and you leave again, refreshed and renewed. Elves cannot stand upon its shore. They must swim its depths, or suffocate at the surface."

He felt unease, moved his feet to feel the damp sand, dug at it with his toes and felt it give.

"Why do I see it from here, then?"

"You know why, ancient son."

The Elf didn't reply, though the sadness crept in again. "What happens if I try to wade in?"

Ada's pneuma flint eye glinted in the dark. "That, you may only do and discover."

Frowning he looked to one side and the other. Vast in all directions. He could not see the other side.

"How do Humans ford this river?" he asked. "They cannot swim in it the way the Elves can."

"Whatever our Hands can build. A boat. A bridge. A glider. A suspension. It depends." She giggled. "There is no greater fear for us than falling into this river, ancient son. We are quite motivated to find or build a way across."

"No greater fear? Do you not see the peace and calm of it? The rebirth? The forgetting and release of all pain after so long?"

"The Yun-gar see immolation, my dear one. A river of souls reaching for us, crying, calling, unremembering. All Sight and Sound of the world, overwhelming, which would steal from us the change in Death we were promised if we but live a little first. It is the story of our nightmares. We tell this story differently than you do."

"I-I see," he said. "I believe I understand."

"As do I." Ada smiled at him. "It is an honor to view the river from both shores at once, ancient son. There is no solution, as there is no problem. It is."

A nod. "But this is not so for certain Seekers. Or Seers. We seek a solution to another problem. Beyond the river?"

"Only a few must, and do it unseen. That others may live and die, and do what is without unraveling the world."

The Elf approached the water, a little closer, though Ada did not follow him. He glanced back to see she remained with her black-soled feet standing upon an exposed stone, surrounded by sand growing damp but not upon it as he was. He kneeled down in the sand, just out of reach of the water itself, placing palms and knees down, all four points, seeking his direction.

Amazing how water and rock somehow became soft when they became one.

*I can Touch it still, and Taste. Yet now I See it.*

Still. Quiet.

What would happen if he crawled into the water? If he cupped his hands and drank from it? Would his essence, at last, dissolve and disperse? Would he forget and be at peace, to join together with others within the river before some part of him may be born again?

"Mother returned here," he said aloud, his fingers creeping toward the border where water overwhelmed sand.

"She did."

"As did her sister, together. The very same day."

"They did."

"They shall Remember no more."

"Correct."

"I should follow them. All of us from that time... That time is over. All of us should forget. I should follow them."

Ada did not reply.

"I am the last, am I not?" the Elf asked her.

"No, ancient son," she said. "You are not."

He knew this. Had known this. "I am already dead. You mean only my Brother need follow us?"

"No, dear one. Even he is not the last of you."

Joy and sadness, the courting of peace...all of it evaporated as Fear embraced him from behind.

"No," he refused.

"As you will, dear one."

Fear made him reach out to the water. He had to See it, Touch it, Taste it. He wanted to Hear it, but he could not.

The water moved continuously, rippled and waved and surged in little waves toward him. He crawled forward, scrambling on his hands and knees as he once had the courtyard of V'Gedra in his dreams. The sand scraped at his knees as the stone stairs had, and he fully intended to sink both hands into the water and keep going. Submerge himself and forget everything.

His hands touched the wet water. He knew it. He could feel the water as a liquid, cool and yielding...except he hand rested atop it as if it were stone.

*No...*

He fisted his hand, pounded the surface of the water. It splashed, sent droplets up to spatter his face and his arm and hand. The droplets ran off without sticking to him, without leaving any wetness behind. He used both hands again, running them over the surface. He could feel the water; he could interact with it. He could not bond with it.

*No!*

The Elf got to his feet and sprinted forward into the river. Perhaps he only had not offered enough of himself to break through the boundary. Perhaps he only needed more weight. All or nothing!

The Elf ran atop the water without sinking into it. His feet caused more splashing, sprayed him with cool drops which did not cling to his soul and did not dissolve it. He stumbled to feel the Fear rising to choke him, he fell, dropped as if into a constructed street on a rainy day in Yong-wen and rolled around as if desperate to become muddy. He remained immaculate.

He pounded the water with his fists as if it were a locked door. Water blinded him, and all was still quiet. He could Taste the mist, and he could Touch everything about it.

And it shouldn't be this way.

*Oh, Goddess— Oh Goddess, no! Mother, what have you done to me?!*

"ADA!" he cried, lying atop the massive river. He drifted a bit to where her voice no longer came from directly behind him, but to one side.

"There is one other can cross this river as you can, beloved," she said, her voice echoing even as he detected the vibrations. "A Human soul who can cross without boat or bridge or glider, who can live as an Elf without joining, without swimming and forgetting. He can walk across the river, and he can take his body with him. He has recently come this way. He is on the other side."

Moaning, the Elf rolled onto his back, staring up at endless space with no ceiling. He strained to draw breath and heard nothing.

"I-I know who you mean, Ada..."

His Uncle by marriage. The Godblood of his time. Cris-ri-phon, who had been a kind Man once. The last soul who had tried to save Ishuna's son, even not knowing who the strange, golden-eyed Elf lad in captivity had been. Tried and failed, because the General-Consort's own children had to come first—and Avel's Mother knew this well.

The most recent time they'd met, his Uncle had tried to rape him in the courtyard of the V'Gedra of his Dreams. The Archmage tried to kill him for extracting a boon from him under duress, and a promise not to seek revenge on Sirana. Cris-ri-phon was not a kind Man anymore. At least now it was clearer how the Archmage had known who the Dreamwalker in V'Gedra had been, what he was, without using his eyes.

"I gave that boon to Arvada'zh," he murmured.

An excuse.

"That you have. A Bargain once made is seen complete, Dragon's Treasure. The Green said he would take his payment now, and you agreed, yes? He has honored his side. He has let the Dragonblood pair escape. He has told no one what he knows."

And what good would that do, when the two lovers would only encounter another To'vah in time? A worthless Bargain...

Yet still an excuse. Once again, the Dreamwalker was to be the Messenger. He could take the Dragon's boon to the Archmage and must demand repayment on the Green's behalf.

"I do not know what to ask," he whispered, a tremor in the mist as the waves lapped silent at the very edges of his ears.

"What all To'vah want, ancient son. You know what this is."

The corners of his mouth lifted up a bit. "Mm. I wager...also what many in the Nexus want."

"You would win that wager, beloved. Fulfill your Bargain with the To'vah, and my Mistress will not forget. We will seek a way to help you and your Brother, as we did the hybrid children of He who Became the Deathless. The harm done to your essence will not see you suspended for all time where I found you."

Beneath the dunes. Immobile. Aware.

And far from this river, never to return even if he burrowed through sand for eternity to find it. He could not enter.

"Your Mistress would not do this regardless? It must come with a price attached."

"You are not Her Domain. Interference must be justified."

"Is this another Bargain?"

"No. A favor, of mutual benefit. We cannot alter the original Bargain."

He swallowed.

"You cannot come with me, beautiful one?" he whispered, feeling a water droplet pass along his cheek to his temple in a mimic of a tear.

"I cannot, ancient son. I am sorry. I can show you the way."

Slowly the Elf climbed to his feet, standing on the water as he would a sand dune, sinking slightly, feeling the ground cradle his feet but, ultimately, he would not be submerged. He listened, heard nothing in the vast expanse. He still drifted in all directions.

He turned and looked back to the shore. He could see the light that was her youth and joy, burning bright as Human souls do.

"Would you stand vigil for me, Ada?" he asked. "So that I can find my way back across the river?"

"If you wish it, beloved."

"Please. I wish it. A...a favor to me. I will not forget."

She nodded. "I shall stand vigil for a Son of Mazdek'pien, that he may face the Deathless who Wanders the other shore, and return."

The Elf exhaled slowly, nodding, and gathered the tiny, delicate threads of courage and hope remaining within the soul of the healer who kept him sane. He turned and started Walking across the river, aiming for the other shore he could not see but knew to be there. 

An odd smile came to him as he thought about who he had been this last time.

*Hope.* 

The essence of "Ta'suil," if he recalled correctly. 

Someone had told him that recently. And his soul had felt beautiful.

For once.

******

The Sun had risen, and the day had become golden paths and the shelters by the wayside.

The Sun had set, and the night had become deep pools of shadow laced with silver.

The Sun had risen again, and he was almost dead.

*Almost. Just a little farther, a little longer without water. Without food. Kill the body, the broken mind cannot stay. It has no home. It must move on.*

Everything felt hot within this body, burning up from within. He could not discern a warm period of light from a cold time of darkness. It was all the same, as it would be when he knew no more of this pain.

*She will not stop me this time. She *cannot* not stop me.* 

He could have called another rockslide before now when he could feel his body dying. He might have caused the ground beneath him to shudder, fallen into a gorge. He could have found a cave and blasted the ceiling until unmeasured weights of rock crushed him as it had his beloved. As he should have died before. As he'd wanted to die down in the City.

Before ever knowing what more there could be to lose.

*Hope.*

He'd dared to hope. And he lost that, too.

The rock had not crushed him now, not because of hope of survival, but because of fear. He was afraid to die that way, now. He had meant that fate for himself, not for the innocent one who did not deserve it. How could he? How could he have been so selfish? 

*I know endurance. I know struggle. That is how I will die and follow him. I will endure thirst and hunger and a burning body, aching feet, scored and abraded skin until it can simply take no more. I have done this before; I am not afraid.*

He knew there would be no healer to bring him back. To make his heart and his soul complete again.

Scents were masked, his vision blurry and faded such that the time of day meant nothing. He heard rock protest the speed and force of his steps, heard the shrill cries of birds startled by the rampage of his magic through their trees. Mountains and those homes for birds shaded him, off and on, until such a time as both seemed to withdraw, far away and abrupt, as if they had gotten too close and realized he was diseased.

The rock turned to sand beneath his feet. Calescent sand responding to his baking body.

*No...I can't be there. I can't.*

He could not have run into his dreams...? He had not slept all this time. He had never stopped, denying reverie would ever catch up to him again!

A roar, and a spray. Like some massive serpent intended to block his path. Cold mist dotted his burning skin; water splashed up to his shoulders from beneath his feet. Then something solid bulled into him straight on, taking him off his feet and sinking him somewhere he couldn't breathe. Water filled his mouth, his nose. It was thick water, stinging his raw throat and nostrils. His body tumbled. He briefly touched sand that offered no purchase. He struggled to sense which way was up. Out. Out into the air!

He rolled, and the wave of water retreated, leaving him upon the sand. He belched water and air, retched and coughed, spitting thick, salty mucous. He cried out at the salt and sand stinging his wounds, his throat. He trembled as the pain lingered all over his skin.

Then the water struck him again, rushing up past him, pouring over him, caressing and stinging him as it cooled him down. He wailed, losing his concentration, his focus on a hot core that would keep burning until it consumed all the fuel it had left. The water retreated again, leaving him like a rain-soaked log that would take days to dry out. Until then, it could not be added to any fire without filling the room with choking smoke. It would not burn cleanly. An alarming surge of magic rebounded inside him, working against all his efforts.

*What is this?! What is happening!? Where am I?!*

"It is called the ocean. You got wet. You are on the Western coast."

The kind, gentle voice spoke accented Common.

"Perhaps gain some distance, sorcerer, or those little waves will roll you again."

The rising rush of sound told him she was right. He belly-crawled with his elbows, dragging himself until he lay upon the mostly dry sand. It was warm and welcoming, and he collapsed. Only half dead. This was not good—his body would try to heal itself. It would have time to fight against the damage, as it had for centuries. He had spent days already not giving it that time to fight back!

Then he spat out the horrid taste of too much salt. He could not drink this water.

*Good. Good, I will not be tempted. I cannot heal without water...*

A voice chuckled softly inside his head.

**Oh. All of us shall be tempted, sorcerer. Always.**

"...get away!" he croaked, barely audible in the breeze and hiss of rushing waves. "...l-leave me."
