 15 minutes later, Morgan was standing outside Eva's cell, wondering how he could have let himself be talked over that easily. Maybe it was Master Kane talks about doing his duty, or perhaps Oliver's prodding on about saving Ziota. He was sure he had turned a deaf ear to Austin's suggestions of getting the blowjob of his lifetime, or getting his head blown off, he thought Austin had said. 

Useless scumbags, he thought. Sending him into that she-devil's cave to be gulfed down by her fangs, risking his cock in her traitorous body, putting his heart on a stake while giving her another chance to tighten her grip on his heart and mind. 

Damn her. He had wanted to forget her as soon as possible. Leave her in a dark prison cell on Alpha Centaury and never look back, never having to think back on the time they had shared, the pleasures they had indulged in. And now he was here again, on a mission to seduce her into revealing what they wanted to hear, what they needed to know, in order for their entire race to survive. 

Who was she and what was her mission? That was his most important task, but his cock was telling him that wasn't the only agenda he had for the evening. He wanted to fuck her so hard, he would wipe her out of his system for ever. To make him tire of her warm and inviting body. To allow him to move on and start looking for his mate and start his new life with her. 

His mate? Ever since his best friend Connor had found his mate, Morgan had looked at their relationship with envy and started having dreams about finding a woman of his own. A woman he could trust, and that would fill his life with laughter, wet kisses and hungry encounters. 

A woman feeding him when he was hungry, massaging is aching muscles when he came home, but most of all, a warm body that would cling to his during the long and cold nights. Giving him endless hours of pleasure and making him unable to move from his own bed due to long and exhausting lovemaking. 

Yes, that was definitely what he wanted and needed. He just had to find her. He shook his head. But right now he had another mission to complete. His mate he would worry about later. Right now he needed to force their prisoner into compliance and make her start talking.

***

Eva had lain down on the small bed in her cell. Her head still swam from the potion they had given her. She laughed loudly. The sight of their shocked faces had been so funny. What luck that she had discovered a way to fool the serum. It made her tell the truth, but as long as they didn't ask her the right questions she could tell them some other truths. And she had told them all about her fascination for Morgan's body. Not that they would believe her. Or perhaps they had? Maybe Morgan had believed her, although she doubted it. Now she only had to wait for the effect to wear off, and then she would concentrate on her escape.

Some of the guards had stepped by and given her a new skin suit. They had even removed her handcuffs so she could dress herself. As they left she noticed them sending her leery looks but none of them dared approach her. Something was happening. They obviously had another plan to make her open up to them.

Her mission had been to infiltrate the fleet and the trust of the militaries of Ziota in order to locate their weak points. If possible she was also to infiltrate the commander's bed or the bed of a senior officer. And she had done all that. And more. Now, the only thing missing was to bring the information to the correct person. Oh well, and perhaps save her head at the same time before they decided that killing her was the best option. She shuddered by the thought. No, she wouldn't want to worry about that yet. She would have plenty of time later.

Suddenly the door cracked open and she looked up in surprise as Morgan was entering her cell. What now? Had they devised another devious plan to make her crack?

"What are you doing here, Morgan?" she asked instead. "Have you come to collect on my offerings?" she asked as she sat up on the bed.

"I've come to torture you," he said harshly.

"Oh?" She was shocked. They sent the one man she wanted to remember for something else entirely. And now they wanted to replace those fond memories with nightmares. "How revolting," she blurted out. 

"You didn't think so last night," Morgan said icily as he came closer to her. "In fact, I have a clear memory of you begging me to fuck you, to fill you up with my cock and take you harder."

She shook her head. Feeling the doziness from the drug gradually letting go of the grip it had held on her. 

"And how are you going to torture me, big guy? By slapping my wrists and tickling my foot soles?"

He frowned at her. "Nothing like that, but I'll keep the ideas in mind. Ever heard about sexual torture?"

"What?" She stared at him. "You can't possible mean..."

He just nodded and smiled at her obvious confusion. "I see that you get my meaning. You will pay for every man you've sent to an early death, for every injustice done by the rebels, and pleasuring me at the same time. I think it a fair trade considering you will tell me all you know of the rebels while bowing to my every wish." 

She breathed harshly as the full extent of his revenge was clear to her. He wanted her to submit to him, body and soul, and afterward he would throw her away as if she was a common prostitute. Sensing her discomfort, he continued.

"Or you could simply tell me everything I want to know and we can both go our separate ways."

She glared at him. "You call that a fair trade, Captain Taylor? Why don't you add in a few coins for the payment of services rendered – especially since I've already serviced you three times?"

"Three times? How can that be? I can only remember two."

"Ah, so you've forgotten that dream about the woman sucking your cock, is that it? Begging me to touch you and ride you hard?" Eva prodded on as she stood up from the bed and faced him head on. 

His expression turned angrier. "That was you?" he almost spat out the words. "You sneaked into my room and attacked me?"

"Oh, I wouldn't call it attack – especially since you were begging me - pleading with me," she smiled at him as she taunted him to respond. "Maybe you're ready to beg again?"

He growled loudly and advanced on her so quickly she didn't have the chance to escape before he had pushed her down on the bed again, with him landing on top of her. 

"We'll see who does the begging this time," he said between clenched teeth as he bent down and ripped open her new skin suit, baring her naked breasts to his eyes. He froze as if mesmerized by the look of her naked skin. Her body shivered in anticipation as she watched his eyes darken with desire.

She couldn't help herself and reached out a hand and touched his neck, moving her hand slowly down the front of his chest, feeling his breath catch and his pulse quickening to her touch.

"Stop that," he said hoarsely.

"Why? Are you losing control of that iron will of yours, Morgan? What a pity. Maybe I simply want you to lose control, to take me and pleasure your cock in my warm pussy," she smiled at him. Then moved her hand up to drag away his clothes from his upper body.

Immediately, he shrank back and away from her. Leaving her staring at his naked and well muscled chest. Taking in the sight and making her cunt moisten just by the image of the rest of the body he hid underneath. He was breathing hard and his fists had tightened as he visibly tried to rein in his control.

She smiled as she tried to find some other way to further shock his foundation and regain the upper hand. At least now that the drugs had worn off she had a chance to stand up to him. She roamed her eyes all over his body, before focusing on the bulge in his lower abdomen that had become even more visible. She let out a moan as she contemplated how it had felt to have him inside of her. How he had been able to pleasure every part of her body, to make her answer to his every request just by the touch of his hand. 

This was dangerous territory, she thought, but she had no intention of surrendering to him. Instead she wanted his defeat at her table. Him being a slave to her every whim. But right now she only had one weapon left in her arsenal: her body. 

She stood up from the bed and looked at Morgan as he stood a few meters from her. Then she started to undress. Slowly removing every part of her ripped skin suit, she maintained eyesight with Morgan as she imagined it was his hands undressing her. Moving the skin suit away from her upper body, she placed both hands on her breasts and started to rub them slowly and heatedly, making her nipples tighten to her touch. Her breathing increased with every move she made, and she gave Morgan a sultry smile before she licked her fingers on her right hand, and circled her nipple with her wet fingers.

He was staring at her, mesmerized and not able to move. Only his eyes were glowing with warmth and the bulge in his skin suit was increasing even more.

She decided to heat it up even more. "I've always loved the way you suck my breasts," she said huskily. "Sucking as if you want to taste me, devouring me with your flesh."

She moved her hands downwards and lowered her skin suit down her body, slowly unravelling her entire body to his eyes. She hadn't bothered with putting on anything under the skin suit, and now she was glad for it. She bent down and removed the skin suit from her legs, stepping away from the fabric and looking at Morgan to see if he was still paying attention.

He was still spellbound and she felt herself smile as she moved her hands down the front of her body, across her stomach and down to her clit. She rubbed herself slowly, making the moistness in her pussy become even more pronounced. Her body was getting ready for him – as it always did. She used her index finger to pleasure her clit some more, circling the sensitive fold and rubbing slowly.

"You want to watch me come?" she asked him slowly. "Or do you want to participate?" At the same time she took a step toward him and clasped her hand around his clothed erection. He breathed harshly but stood still as she circled his shaft and squeezing his cock head through his clothes.

Suddenly he awoke from his trance and gripped her arms in a hard grip. "Enough of that," he growled before lifting her up without any visible effort and dumping her on the bed. Kicking off his boots, he quickly followed her into the bed as she scrambled to get up.

"No, stay," he said icily as he held her wrists over her head and placed himself between her legs. Rubbing his hardened cock against her pussy, she gasped in pleasure. He released her hands and straddled her waist before ripping off several pieces of cloth from the sheet. She followed his every move, in anticipation of what was surely to come. His weight held her down as he prepared several long slices of cloth. Her cunt moistened just by the thought of him tying her up and giving her pleasure. 

He had said sexual torture, although she failed to see how anything he did could be considered painful. Oh well, perhaps it would please him to have her at his knees for a change. In that case he would have to think again, she chuckled. She had every intention of enjoying this to the fullest.

She took advantage of him having loosened his grip on her hands and moved her hands back to his hardened cock, so imminently offered in front of her. She squeezed him slightly, and moved slowly up and down along his shaft. He breathed hard as she rubbed him harder, waiting for him to take off his clothes and let her do the job properly. 

Instead he grabbed her wrist and tied them together, before tying them to the headboard and away from his body.

"Oh well, if you don't want to be pleasured, that's all right," she said lightly.

"Tell me about your mission and you can pleasure me as much as you like."

"What mission? I wouldn't call fucking the Captain a mission. It was more like something inevitable, if you catch my meaning."

"You're lying. Someone sent you with specific orders to target me. I want to know who that person is."

She didn't answer. Only looked at him. The man she had come to care about, but had to fool because of duty. Now they would never have a chance. Not when he knew about her mission. Still, she wasn't going to give him any information if she could help it. She gave him a sultry smile. 

"Why don't you fuck me instead? I can feel you want to bury you thick shaft in my cunt."  

He bent down and started sucking her left breast. Rubbing her breasts slowly, before sucking her nipple into his mouth. She felt a rush of warmth go through her body, starting at her nipple and ending in her toes. Sucking her hard, she felt as if he wanted to eat her alive, to treat her breasts as if they were candy and he couldn't get enough of them. 

Moving to her other nipple he repeated the process and soon she felt her body heating all over again. Her nipples feeling tender and her body so aroused she could barely think straight. Oh my god, she thought. How had he done that? She had never known that her breasts were so sensitive, so much that she felt as if he kept it up she would have an orgasm right there and then. And he hadn't even started with the rest of her body.

"Oh my," she gasped. "Maybe I can return the favour by sucking your cock?" she smiled at him. Just slide up and I'll give the blowjob of your lifetime."

Instead he concentrated on her nipples again. Sucking and kissing her until she felt as if any moment now she would erupt into a quivering mass. Her skin being so sensitive she felt her arousal take control of her. 

Finally he started moving slowly down her body, kissing her skin all over and rubbing his hands up and down her legs. She spread her legs to give him more room, and he took advantage of the offering by kissing her mound.

She jumped in surprise as all her bodily heat collected in her cunt. She looked up at him, noticing him positioning himself between her legs, his arms holding her legs up and baring her pussy to his eyes. 

Suddenly, she felt like covering herself. Not letting him see any more of her naked body. Not letting him have the opportunity to tease her any longer. She pulled herself slightly away from him, but he grabbed a hold on her waist. 

"Stay still!" he ordered. "Or tell me what I want to know."

"What are you talking about?" she gasped as he bent down and sucked on her clit. She wailed as her clit felt electrified and the sensitivity made her squirm.

"Why did you search my cabin?" he asked before he sucked her clit hard into his mouth. She wailed with pleasure.

"I wanted to have you. I want you," she gasped.

"Not good enough. Who send you?" She refused to answer and he sucked her clit hard another time. Then started to push his middle finger inside of her moist cunt. She arched her back in response and tried to take him deeper inside of her.

"Who is your employer?" he asked while withdrawing his finger and plunge it inside of her one more time.

"Come inside of me," she gasped instead. "I need you to take me now."

He stopped completely. His finger still buried inside of her cunt. "Not unless you tell me something I want to hear."

"I want you, Morgan," she groaned as she pushed her body closer to him, fucking herself on his finger in a rhythmical motion. "Please, take me."

He groaned as if frustrated by her reply, and she felt him move away from her.

"No," she almost screamed out loud. Her tied hands prevented her from holding him to her. "Please, come back here, Morgan. You can't leave me hanging like this."

"Then tell me the truth first," he growled at her. Frustration evident on his face as he obviously tried to hold on to his control.

"I wanted you so badly I couldn't stay away from you," she said truthfully. "I wanted to have something for myself for a change. Not because I had been ordered to, but because I wanted you."

She watched his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed hard. His eyes had darkened with desire and she found her eyes being dragged to where his cock was tenting his skin suit. She rubbed her legs together, trying to still the trembling in her body, the need to feel him inside of her.

Suddenly he seemed to have made up his mind and he started to tug of his skin suit in a rapid manner. Throwing aside his clothes, she noticed his cock come free from its containment and increasing immediately to a size that made her mouth water with anticipation.

She spread her legs to him and immediately he lay down on top of her and started pushing his large cock head inside of her hungry body. He moved so achingly slow, she felt like screaming for him to hurry, but at the same time she was worried he would regain his wits and start asking questions again. Or worse, maybe he would stop. She arched her back, making it easier for him to push his large cock all the way inside of her body. They groaned in unison as he pushed himself to the hilt, and stayed still for a moment.

Then he started to withdraw, making her tighten around him in prevention of loosing the lovely feeling of being filled by him. He plunged all the way inside of her again, and she made a yelp as he increased the pace and started to fuck her harder and faster. She wrapped her legs around his midriff and held on tightly as he filled up her senses and body with his hard flesh. She struggled to release her hands from their bonds. She wanted to touch him so badly she ached by the thought.

He raised his hands and held her arms tightly in place. His mouth ducking down and kissing her hard on her mouth. She gasped as she felt the taste of herself - of her own arousal – as he devoured her mouth, pushing his tongue inside of her warm mouth and letting her suck on him. He growled and the sound made her twinge with joy and glee over having this man succumb to her body. 

She swirled her tongue over his lips as he pounded into her cunt. Her breathing so hard she felt as if she had run for miles and was getting nearer to her target by every plunge that he did.

Then suddenly he stopped. Breathing hard and baring the look of a savage close to his ultimate release, he stared down at her.

"Don't stop," she gasped, and rubbed her body close to his. She could feel his cock still buried inside of her.

"Tell me," he groaned. "And you'll get your release."

"Damn you," she cursed. "This is blackmail." She tightened her muscles around his cock and wriggled her body slightly. She gasped by the pleasure emerging inside of her hungry flesh, and smiled as she heard him groan when she repeated the process.

"Who is your master?" he said hoarsely as he slowly and excruciatingly withdrew his hard cock from her pussy.

"You are," she replied truthfully, before using her legs to pull him to her.

"Damn you," he cursed before pushing his cock deep inside of her again. His face was lost in pleasure as he fucked her hard and fast, his cock feeling larger as ever was pounding into her hungry flesh. She tilted her waist. Trying to make him rub against her clit as he plunged hard inside of her. Much too soon she saw his eyes glaze over with the force of his climax and he pushed himself inside of her one last time, before collapsing on top of her.

She felt like hitting him. She had been so close it wouldn't have cost him much to see to her pleasure as well. She was practically seething with anger as he finally restored himself enough to raise his head and look at her.

"Are you angry?" he gave her a smug smile. 

"What do you think? Talk about selfish behaviour," she snarled at him.

"Bad girls don't get rewarded," he smiled and got up from the bed. "Start talking about your spying activities and you'll get that orgasm," he winked at her before exiting the cell.
