 A few hours later, Eva awoke suddenly. A warm arm was wrapped over her waist. A hand was cupping her breast. Morgan, she thought with a smile as she recollected what had taken place a few hours earlier. She had been caught in his cabin, and her backup plan had provided her with one of the best sexual experiences she had ever had. Still, she had to remember she had a mission to perform, and that the man currently holding her so closely was her enemy. 

She sighed. Damn, she hated this. Hated the things she had to do, but there was no other way. She carefully loosened his grip on her and slid off the bed. She felt cold all of a sudden. She longed to return to the warm bed and snuggle closely to his warm and hard body. Feeling his body protect and envelop her own. Longed to wake him and let him chase away all the darkness in her mind as he had done so well a few hours earlier.

Instead she wrapped herself in her robe and returned to the search she had started earlier. 

Not long after she hit the jackpot. The papers Morgan had referred to earlier contained vital information on the rebels, the members and most important of all: their location. They knew far too much about them, Eva thought as she memorised the information. She had to send a message to her brother right away.

Suddenly she heard a faint stirring coming from the bed behind her. Damn, had he found her out already? She quickly moved over to the kitchen area and filled a glass of water.

"What are you doing?" Morgan asked in a slurred voice. "Come her, will you?"

She turned around slowly. "I'm just getting something to drink."

"Have you slept well?" Morgan came toward her.

"Like the dead. It's been a long time," she blushed as she looked down on her glass. Her blush coming from the fact that she was fooling this man that had given her so much pleasure only hours earlier. She couldn't bear to look him in the eyes. Too scared of what he might see revealed there. She emptied her glass and turned away from him to fill up her empty glass again.

"Restoring?" he murmured humorously in her ear. She stiffened as she felt him move closer to her, feeling his warm and naked body against the fabric of her robe. Carefully he moved his hands around to her front and opened up her robe, moving his hands inside and feeling her naked body.

She gasped in surprise as he fondled her breasts and teased her nipples into bending to his every request. She leaned her head back on his chest and he answered by roaming his hands lower, across her stomach until he was cupping her sex in his hands. Making a slight twirl on her clit she felt her body moisten almost immediately and she spread her legs wider to give him more room. He chuckled in her ear. 

"Are you ready for me again?" he asked her as she arched her body alongside his. Trying to feel him as close as possible. Feeling his hardness against her lower back.

"Yes," she gasped. "More than ready." 

"Are you sure about that?" he asked while giving her hungry clit another touch. A wave of pleasure pulsed through her body.

"Absolutely. Take me now," she gasped out loud.

"With pleasure," she heard him groan as he slowly bent her forward over the table, spreading her legs a little wider.

"So wet," he murmured as he fondled her clit and slowly moved his hand down to her pussy. He found her opening and slowly pushed a large finger inside of her warmth. She moaned and clasped on to his arm, trying to hold herself up as he pushed his finger further inside of her cunt. She felt the longing increase again. She wanted this man to take her fully, to shower her with his strength and warmth, but most of all she wanted to curl up against him and never leave his presence. That thought scared her suddenly. Surely she couldn't have become addicted to this man? He was her mission and her lover, but that was all.

"What are you thinking about?" she suddenly heard him ask. She stiffened. Damn it. This was not the time for philosophical thinking. She needed to concentrate -- and quickly.

"I was wondering how I could have more of you inside of me," she replied truthfully.

"Impatient, again, are you?" He pushed another finger inside of her, and fucked her in long and slow movements. She spread her legs a little further and tried to move her left hand behind her back -- cupping his hardened cock in her grip. She gave it a hard squeeze and smiled as she heard him groan behind her.

"Stop that," he said harshly. "I will not last."

"Then take me. Put your large cock inside of me and fuck me properly."

Finally she seemed to penetrate his control and with a primal groan he removed his fingers from her cunt and bent her slightly forward. Moving his hands passed her clit, he positioned his hardness against her wet cunt and pushed slowly inside of her.

She moaned as she held on to the table and pushed back toward him, trying to take him all the way inside of her in one swift plunge. Urged by her impatience he finally took the hint and plunged all the way inside of her.

"Oh yes," she gasped, before starting a rhythmic motion away from him, and then back toward him. Now his resolve had vanished completely and he held her tightly as he withdrew slightly and then plunged all the way inside of her in a fluid motion, fucking her harder and faster every time he moved.

Adjusting the angle, she felt his cock head touch her pleasure spot and she inhaled sharply as he hit the same place over again. She felt her orgasm coming closer. Not much further now and she would not be able to hold back. Sensing her response, he moved his finger to her clit again and rubbed fiercely as he pounded inside of her.

Arching her back toward his hard body, she felt his hard push against her pleasure centre and she erupted in a lighting of pleasure and contentment as she screamed with joy. She felt contractions start in her abdomen and she tightened all her muscles around his hard cock as he pushed inside of her a few more times, before shaking with his own orgasm. His manly roar as he found his pleasure was feeding her guilty conscience and she clutched his arm tightly to her as they both stood there breathing heard.

Finally he had recollected himself enough and he slowly removed his flaccid member from her warm body. She felt a puddle of moistness follow his retreat, as the result of their collected passions was coating her inner thighs.

He kissed her head and held her tightly in his arms, giving her the warmth she needed.

"Come to bed now," he suggested. "Stay with me."

"Yes," she heard herself respond, and he quickly lifted her up and gently lay her down on his bed before lying down behind her.

Enveloped in his arms she felt totally relaxed and as if the world had finally come to a stop. Happiness was pouring through her and she wanted to stay here, in the arms of this man and enjoy his body for the rest of her life. Yet, she knew that duty would soon overtake her again and she let herself fall asleep and saving the moment in her memory.

***

Awakening a few hours later, Eva gathered her robe around her and snuck back to her own cabin. Morgan had already left and she was relieved that she didn't have to face him just yet. She needed some time to figure out how to face him. Actually, she only saw one option: to play the siren and lure him into bed as often as possible -- and at the same time gather as much information as she could. And what would be more perfect than being his lover at the same time.

There was only one flaw. He was getting to her. She felt something for him, and being close to him would only increase the pain when she had to leave. Because she couldn't stay with him. Sooner or later her cover would be in danger and then he would know the truth.

So could she touch his body, let him fill her with his warm flesh and still keep her heart away from him? Only yesterday she had felt a strange longing to crawl into his arms and let him protect her from all evil and not let her escape. This was a dangerous game. If one night could have such an effect on her, then what would several nights have?

She shook her head. She had to stop this nonsense at once. She was here to do her duty -- to her brother and to all the other people that she loved. There was no room for warm feelings and a guilty conscience.

Finally coming to an understanding with herself, she squared her shoulders and started to write down all the information she had memorized from Morgan's papers. Sending off the message to her brother, she took a deep breath before taking a long shower to clear away every trace and scent of Morgan's embrace.

***

"I know who the spy is," Master Kane announced to Morgan.

Morgan jerked out of his fond memories of the night he had just experienced. It had been a long time since he had felt so happy and so relaxed. In fact, he had even forgotten all about the suspicions Master Kane had told him about. He shook his head as if to clear away every memory of a soft woman and the sheer bliss as she held his hardened cock clasped inside of her warm pussy. He felt his body stir anew just by the thought of her.

Master Kane gave him a slight push. "Are you listening, Captain?"

"Yes, yes, of course," Morgan said quickly, before focusing his attention on the council member.

"Our Intelligence Service has just intercepted a message from this ship containing secret information about the rebels and our countermeasures."

"What?"

"It's the same information that you received yesterday," Master Kane continued. "Do you know who could have gotten access to those papers?"

Morgan had a sinking revelation that he knew of only one person that could have had the opportunity. "You don't mean...," he started.

"Oh yes. The same lady that spent a very pleasant night in you cabin, if the sounds were to be judged," Master Kane smiled knowingly.

"How did you know?" Morgan asked slowly. "And more importantly, why didn't you tell me?"

"I suspected her, but I didn't have any proof before, so I decided to follow her around a bit. And now the message has been traced back to her."

"Damn it," Morgan cursed. "How could I be so stupid?"

"Don't blame yourself, Captain," Master Kane intervened. "She has been working undercover for years and we've never been able to locate her. In fact, we always thought the spy was a man," he laughed. "Who would have though a woman capable of such work?"

Morgan fumed with anger. The woman had been working him all the time, feeding his hunger and surrendering her to his lust. And it had all been a game to get information out of him. He was so angry he wanted to throttle her.

"This stops now," he declared. Master Kane nodded slowly. "I want her arrested at once!" he ordered a few of his officers. Put her in the nearest cell." 

***

She had been dumped into a prison cell onboard the ship, and was only waiting to be questioned -- or tortured or worse. The men that she had been working with for so long treated her as the traitor they thought she was. Rumours travelled fast, it seemed. Bad news usually did. By the time she had been forced away from her cabin and led down the hallway toward the cell area, many men had gathered to take in the sight of the spy that had outwitted them all.

She knew this would happen sooner or later, but she had hoped to last a little longer. At least long enough to get to Ziota and escape.

What would they have in store for her now? she wondered. Torture, most likely. She hoped she would last through it, but she wasn't sure how long she would be able to. All she could hope for was a quick death before she revealed anything important to them. 

And what about Morgan? What did he think about her now? Nothing good, she had to admit. He must hate her completely by now. And just hours ago she had felt as if she belonged in his arms. How stupid had she been to even think about something like that? As if she would ever live to be mated and have children as other women did?

***

"Any suggestions?" Morgan asked.

"She's not talking then?" Master Kane asked.

"No, not a word yet. And we don't even know who her contacts are." 

"How about trying a truth serum?" Oliver suggested. 

"Or some good old fashioned torture?" Morgan said icily. The woman had tricked him so totally he wanted revenge of some sort. And torturing the woman who had seduced her way into his bed, his heart, his confidence felt like a good way to restore his embarrassment. How could he have been that stupid as to allow her inside so easily? 

"No need to ruin that pretty face," Master Kane interjected. "We treat our prisoners with respect -- especially the females. They aren't exactly plentiful in our world," he said and looked reprimandingly at Morgan for even suggesting such a thing.

***

They came into her cell, several of the men she used to call comrades. At the back was Morgan staring at her behind a closed expression. Feeling embarrassed, she guessed.

Master Kane came forward. "I will give you one last chance to confess who you're superiors are, young lady," he said expectantly. He waited for her response, but she just glared at him. "No? How about telling us what was your mission here?" Another pause passed by as she held her mouth shut. She wasn't going down that easily, she thought. 

"All right," Master Kane continued. "Then you leave us no other choice but to use the truth serum," he said and nodded to one of the other men.

Truth serum? She almost said aloud. They would use chemicals on her? What happened to punches and starving her to death, or drowning her? Truth serum? Her mind finally connected and a chilling thought went through her brain. The serum would make her talk about things she didn't want to reveal. Things they would never have asked about, but would now be revealed. Truths she didn't care to let anyone know about. Especially not him.

She watched in a trance as a man carrying a syringe came closer to her. Two men stepped up and held her arms tightly to her side as another ripped up her sleeve to prepare for the injection. 

At the same time she kicked out at he man coming toward her, and catching him right in the balls, he screamed and collapsed in front of her. The syringe fell down and rolled away from her. She followed up with two quick punches to the kidneys of the men holding her arms, before launching herself into biting and kicking the soldier coming to their rescue. 

She caught another man in the knee and he doubled over as he held onto his injured foot and screamed in pain. Launching herself forward she was caught by another soldier and she fell on the floor and on her arm. It hurt like hell but this was not the time to think about the pain. She kicked back at the man coming toward her and his scream told her had connected with something vital. 

As she tried to stand up again, another man launched himself at her, knocking her to the ground, making her lose her breath. She lay on her stomach panting, as he settled on top of her. She kicked out and tried to get lose but he sat calmly on top of her back, out of reach for her every defence. He leaned forward and caught her arms in a hard grip. 

"Now you can inject her," his said coldly. His voice was one she knew all too well from the countless times he had whispered passionately into her ear the night before, groaning loudly as he poured his come into her body. It was Morgan. She tried with new desperation to get out of his hold but he still sat calmly, waiting for her to tire. In frustration she wailed and tried to turn over and bite his hand in the process. 

"Relax, hellcat," he said smugly. "There is no way you can escape me this time. I know every one of your tricks by now." 

Before his meaning could be registered in her mind, she felt a sharp sting in her upper arm and she realised the serum had been injected into her body. Damn it, she thought. What could she do now?

"How long before the serum works?" Morgan asked.

"About 30 minutes," the doctor replied. "Then we should see some result."

They handcuffed her hands in front of her and placed her back into the chair again.

"See you in 30, hellcat," Morgan said as the group left her cell, leaving only a guard outside her door.

Half an hour. Her every secret would be revealed in half an hour. It wasn't enough time to allow her to escape. She wondered what it would feel like, but she knew she would find out before she wanted. She had never been injected with serum before. Her training had only included withstanding ordinary torture methods. They hadn't had access to such weapons this group of scoundrels possessed. Perhaps she could simply refuse to talk and that would be it? Sure, right, she thought. Well, they were in for a surprise, she thought. She would definitely tell them the truth -- only not the truth that they expected.

***

"So, are you ready to tell us the truth this time?" Master Kane asked politely. Her head felt dazed and relaxed. Her mind was spinning. She giggled. She wondered if he was always this polite. At least he had been so from the first time she had met him. She wondered if he kept the same expression when talking to his wife on their weekly sexgame. She chuckled as she portrayed the scene in her mind, and before long she was laughing heartily at the image. 

"Since you're in such a good mood perhaps you would like to tell us about your mission?" Master Kane continued in the same polite tone. 

She was laughing ever harder now, clutching her belly as laughter rippled through her system, making her ache by it. Oh my, this drug was really something. She hadn't laughed this hard in a long time, she thought as the laughter died down and she dried her eyes with the back of her left hand.

"Your mission?" Master Kane tried again, but this time his tone had soured a little.

"My mission?" she asked dreamily. 

"Yes, your reason for coming here."

"Ah, my mission." She chuckled again. "To divide and conquer. No, it was seduce and conquer. Or was it fuck and divide? I can't remember exactly. Yes, it was definitely a 'fuck' in there somewhere. Damn, I should have written it down somewhere," she said in an almost drunken voice. 

"Who sent you?" she heard someone else ask over from the corner of the room. She glanced in the direction of the sound.

"Oh my," she gasped. It was him. "My stallion" she said happily.

"What?" Master Kane asked with a puzzled frown, while leaning forward so as to hear her better. "Is that his nickname perhaps?"

"I'm your willing slave," she said truthfully as Morgan came closer before stopping a few meters away from her. 

"I hope you are taking notes, Austin," Master Kane said to the man behind him. Austin nodded and continued writing. 

"Can you tell us more about him?" Master Kane prodded further. "This man that sent you. Does he have certain characteristics?"

"Oh yes," she answered truthfully. "He has the body of a god, a cock as big as an ox and he can fuck me from every position and in every orifice he chooses." She sighed loudly. 

"Uhm...well...," Master Kane stared chocked at her. "Uh, nice to know. But does he have any other special characteristics?"

"Oh yes, he has brownish hair, blue eyes, a powerful built body and a broad face."

"Any tattoos or scars or something?"

"Yes, he has a scar across his broad chest, pointing from his upper left to his right," she said and indicated the position on her own chest. "And he has a mole on his left ass cheek," she said truthfully.

"Now, we're getting somewhere," Master Kane said cheerfully. "And what did he ask you to do?"

"Oh everything."

"What does that mean," Master Kane said in a puzzled tone. "Did he ask you to spy for information or are you here to kill someone?"

"He asked me to kill him softly, to ride his cock, to take him inside of my mouth. And I have done so, my love. I'm always your willing slave. Come and let me suck you dry," she offered and reached her hands out to touch Morgan.
