 Soon after the ceremony was finished and everyone had said their congratulations, Morgan grabbed Eva's hand and dragged her with him toward his cabin.

"But, but...," she protested as she noticed the knowing glances the crewmembers sent them.

"Just let them stare," Morgan chuckled. "They aren't mated so they must still be on duty," he sent his soldiers a knowing glance and saw them return to their work. 

"Come along here, honey," Morgan said as he opened the door to his cabin and took her inside. A short command and the door closed behind them. Locking them inside. "Finally alone," Morgan said in a relieved tone as he let his eyes roam all over her body, heating her once again. "Now, how about repeating that look-over you gave me in there?" he suggested.

Eva looked at him. Why not? It was embarrassing to know that everyone of his crew knew exactly what they were up to, but hadn't they known all along what had occurred in her prison cell? And now that they were mated they were allowed to have sex -- it was even anticipated. She shoved away any thoughts about them being enemies and gave him a sultry smile.

"Why not," she said aloud, before moving her hand to her suit and slowly opening it, revealing her naked breasts underneath. At once she had Morgan's undivided attention and he stared at every part of her skin at she slowly revealed more to him. She moved her hands to her braid, and took off the hairpins, letting her long hair flow freely over her shoulders.

Morgan gasped and came closer all of a sudden.

"Stop there," she ordered him. "Now it's my turn." He nodded as if giving her permission to set the pace of their lovemaking for once. 

"Sit in that chair," she ordered.

"I'm not sure that would be much fun," Morgan smiled at her. "It's impossible to lie down."

"I don't want you to lie down," she said silkily as she directed him toward the chair. "I have something completely different on my mind." 

"Good. I like variation. As long as it ends with my cock buried inside of you, I'm in," he chuckled. He sank down in the chair and leaned back, watching carefully every move she made. 

"Oh, I'm sure that can be arranged," she said teasingly, giving him a warm look as if she wanted to skip all the warm up and get right down to business. But he deserved to wait a little longer, she thought smugly as she took a deep breath and prepared to make him mad with wanting her -- hopefully before she surrendered herself to him.

She stood before him and continued her slow undressing, making sure to touch and fondle the underside of her breasts as if she planned to feed them to him. Gradually dragging the fabric down over her stomach, she roamed her hands over her skin, massaging herself until she felt the warmth seeping through her every pore as she envisioned him being the one that touched her. 

She opened her eyes and gazed at him - wanting him to partake in her fantasy and making him understand her yearning. His eyes were heated and the bulge in his lap had now increased into a full erection by the look of it. His hands had tightened on the armrests and his knuckles were whitening by the force of his grip. 

She made quick work of the rest of her skin suit and stepped away from it, leaving her naked before him. He swallowed hard as he looked her over, stopping at her breasts and her hairless cunt.

"You have shaved?" he asked hoarsely. 

"Yes, I wanted to feel your skin against mine -- to increase my sensitivity."

"Next time you better tell me in advance, so I can give you a hand," Morgan said hoarsely as he stared at her naked cunt as if he was completely spellbound by her hairless skin.

She came towards him and started to open his skin suit, starting at his throat, then gradually removing his skin suit in front of her eyes. She longed to touch him, but she wanted him closer to the edge before that. For once she would enjoy being the one in command and she longed to see him bend to her rule for a change.

He reached out and touched her nipples but she caught his hands and put them back to the armrests.

"Sit still or I'll stop," she ordered.

He chuckled. "What? You want to give and not receive?" 

She nodded her assent. She didn't trust her voice at the time. 

"Be my guest and do what you like," he smiled at her and leaned backwards in the chair, looking as sure and collected as he always did. She wanted to rock that posture -- wanted him to plead and beg for her to pleasure him. She vowed to achieve that goal. Even if it meant postponing her own pleasure until she was shaking with need. Moving between his legs she sat down on her knees between his thighs. Her hands roamed over his tight stomach and she was elated by his sharp intake of breath as she moved closer to his swollen member. 

She opened his skin suit to reveal the more interesting skin underneath. His hardened cock immediately leapt free of the fabric and stood proudly in front of her sultry eyes. She watched in awe as she took in his large member - the thickness of him and the bulbous head. She circled her hand around the head and gave him a firm squeeze. Morgan breathed deeply but still held himself still -- allowing her to examine him as she wanted. 

She smiled at him as she moved her hand down toward the root of his cock, meeting the hair that enveloped his thick cock, before venturing upwards again. The bulbous head seemed to be even bigger now and she could see white liquid gathering at the top, preparing to coat his way inside of her hungry body. She licked her lips at the sight and felt a strong need to take him inside of her -- one way or another. 

She bent forward and moved her tongue over his cock head, teasing the small bud underneath his cock head with the tip of her tongue. A gasp was heard from Morgan and she felt his cock becoming harder than before and making a jerking motion as if to leave her grip. She wouldn't let him leave and she opened her mouth and enveloped his cock with her warm lips.

"Oh, god," he said hoarsely. His voice was barely recognisable. 

Holding on to him with her hands, she held his cock directed at her as she tried to take as much of him as she could inside of her mouth. There was still much to go as she felt his cock head meet the back of her throat. She stroked his warm member with her tongue, willing him to feel as much pleasure as she did as she carefully examined every part of him with her lips and tongue. 

"Don't stop. Please, don't stop," he groaned loudly.

She moved her lips upwards and almost letting go of his cock, before she enveloped him in her mouth again. Tightening her lips around his warm flesh she sucked him to her as if he was a sweet that she couldn't get enough of. She could hear him moan every time she took him into her mouth. Hearing his breathing becoming more and more erratic as she felt him giving himself up to the feelings she awoke in him. 

She felt elated at having this much power over such a strong man. A man that she could never best at anything relating to physical strength was now a pawn in her hand, a slave to her lips and tongue. She moved even closer and held on to his thighs as she increased the pressure around his cock, sucking him as hard as she could. Her cheek muscles were aching by the strain but she kept on, wanting to bring him as much joy as she could.

She felt him move him his hands over her shoulders and holding her head tightly to him. Seeming worried that she would leave him, as he pushed his hips upwards and his cock further inside her mouth. Returning back, she followed him, not willing to let go of her price. Tightening his thighs he pushed upward again, fucking himself on her mouth. She followed his tempo and sucked him hard, holding on to his thighs with both hands as she felt him push hard inside of her mouth and screaming out at the same time. 

Her mouth was filled with salty fluid as she felt his contractions. She held on to him and continued sucking him, wanting to take all of his liquid inside of her. Swallowing the first load, she circled her tongue around his cock head and she felt him relax and fall back into the chair -- still holding her tightly. She swallowed another load of his saltiness as he gave a start and removed his cock from her mouth.

"Sorry, love," he murmured. "I'm too sensitive, right now." 

He held her tightly to him as he breathed deeply and falling into ease. Eva smiled at his obvious content and felt elated by the look of pure happiness she had spotted on his face. He was a man and no man could help but enjoy a woman going down on him. Still, never before had she enjoyed it this much herself and she wondered why it felt so different this time. 

Maybe it was because he was her mate? Or simply because she wanted him so badly she would take whatever she could get from him? Or was it simply because she longed to conquer him -- to watch him surrender to her the same way she had surrendered herself to him? 

Finally, Morgan seemed to be able to move again, and she felt him loosen his grip around her.

"Stand up, darling," he murmured to her. "Now it's your turn." She stood naked before him as he still sat in the chair, wondering what he was up to. Moving his hands along her body, he settled them behind her hips and pulled her closer to him. He bent down and kissed her shaved pussy. She gasped and arched her back and standing on her tiptoes, trying to get closer to his warm mouth.

His tongue was working magic on her clitoris, moving back and forth over her most sensitive part. The pushing slightly at the knob that was hardening, making her squirm in delight.

"Morgan," she gasped as she felt her knees buckle by the pleasure roaming through her body. He continued licking her clit and she folded her arms around his head, holding on to his shoulders as she felt another ripple of pleasure pour through her.

He tightened his hands around her hips and lifted her a little higher. She followed his every lead as if she was desperate for him to continue his pleasant assault of her body. Spreading her legs wider she felt him kiss her sex lips, before sucking her to him. She screamed in delight and held on tightly to him, wanting to increase the pleasure.

"Morgan," she gasped again. "Just take me." 

She heard him chuckle before he lapped his tongue between of her pussy lips, pushing inside of her. She froze in shock as she could only stand still and revels in the pleasure, trying to grasp every detail of what he was doing to her. He moved his tongue out from her, and then pushed inside again, copying the movements his cock would normally perform. 

She tried to make comparisons and discover which of his body parts felt the best inside of her, but she barely managed to consider the question before he tongued her clit once again. She moaned as she was feeling her orgasm closing in on her, holding on to Morgan for dear life, she pushed her lower body against him in a regular manner, trying to make him realise now was the time to increase the pace.

"Impatient, are you?" he murmured against her clit.

"Oh, Morgan. Stop teasing and get on with it," she almost snarled at him.

He chuckled. "I'm not teasing. Just showing my appreciation," he said before he flipped his tongue lightly over her clit.

She gasped loudly. "Morgan, please."

As the words were uttered, something seemed to change inside of him and he held her tightly as he tongued her clit more firmly than before. She pushed herself against him and suddenly every part of her body seemed to float freely and she gave herself over to the pleasure as she screamed with joy. Ripples of pleasure moved over and over her body and she felt as if her body would erupt with heat and tenderness. Morgan lifted his mouth away from her sensitive clit and laid his head against her stomach as he held her tightly to him as the waves pondered through her. 

As the ripples gradually subsided, Morgan sat up and motioned her closer to him. His cock had hardened again and she watched in awe as she took in the sheer size of him. 

"Come here," he murmured as he held his hand around his hard cock. She spread her legs over his thighs and sank down on top of him, slowly taking his hard cock inside of her moist flesh. She felt her body being filled to the rim as she let herself sink all the way down on him, holding on to his shoulders and trying to hold him as close as she could.

She felt his muscles tense and immediately she felt him push upwards against her. His cock moving even further inside of her. She gasped as she tightened her muscles around her cock, feeling every hard part of him massaging her inner walls. She wanted to feel every centimetre of his cock, and she pushed herself upwards with the help of her legs. Holding on to his shoulders, she sank down on him again. Repeating the process she almost lifted herself away from him, before tightening all her muscles as she impaled herself again.

"Yes," he panted as he followed her pace and lifting her up from him before pushing her down on him afterward. 

She leaned forward and kissed him hard and he met her halfway, putting his tongue inside of her mouth at the same time as his cock was buried to the hilt inside her cunt. She groaned loudly and sucked his tongue, realising she tasted herself in his mouth, and blushing as she remembered just how her taste had gotten there.

"I can't hold much longer," Morgan gasped at her. She whimpered and felt him shake with need as she lifted up and sank down on him again. He moved his hand between their bodies and gently massaged her clit. She felt her pleasure coming crashing over her. Much too quickly, she thought and she moved to remove his hand as she suddenly screamed out as release poured through her entire body. Morgan held on to her and pushed deep inside of her several more times before groaning in pleasure as his body rippled in orgasm. 

They held each other tightly as their breathing slowed down and they were able to use their muscles again. Eva felt tugs coming from Morgan's cock, still embedded in her cunt, but she didn't want to move. Warm liquid was escaping her cunt and seeping down their thighs. She knew it was a good chance that Morgan's seed had found a place inside of her and resulted in some unexpected complications. But she didn't care about that now. 

She wanted as much from him as she could possibly get and shielding her body from his seed was not something that she wanted. She had even stopped taking the birth control shots after she had met him. She tried telling herself she had run out, but she knew the truth was something else entirely.

***

The next morning they reached the borders of Ziota. Morgan was back on the bridge, doing his duty as Captain of the ship, while Eva was locked inside his cabin. Glancing through the loopholes she felt a sense of returning home when seeing the green pastures and forests that covered Ziota. She hadn't been home for many years, but now she finally realised how much she had missed it -- and the people she loved. 

Her brother, Jack, was all there was left of her family. Still, some of the rebels were almost as close as family members and she remembered all the happy times she had spent in their company before she had volunteered as a spy. Most of them were in jail now, or so she had heard. She hoped Jack was not among them. The last time she had heard from him he was still alive, still free and doing his duty to their people -- as they all did.

She had to get out of here, she thought. Had to get a hold on Jack and tell him what she had learned and how they could win the war -- and how to defeat Morgan and his people. The thought depressed her somewhat. She had learned a lot by working as a spy and most of all she had learned that most of her fellow crewmembers didn't care about the war. All they wanted was to live happily and in peace with their neighbours. Just as the rebels did. 

But giving up now they would never succeed in changing the rules of their society, and they had to change. Otherwise they would live at peace but they would never be free. She was well aware that every sort of freedom came at a prize, but she hoped the reward would be worth it.

***

"I heard you discovered a spy on your ship, Morgan?" Connor said as soon as they were alone in Connor's office on Ziota. Connor had been Morgan's superior and the former Captain of Morgan's space ship before he was promoted to governor of the colony of Ziota. Their friendship had lasted for years and Morgan had had countless laughs over his friend's difficulties when he had been mated the year before. 

Still, it seemed Connor had finally found happiness with his mate, Morgan thought as he watched his friend almost bubbling with happiness. He could only wish he would look just as content with his own mating a year from now, Morgan thought glumly. 

"Yes, thanks to Master Kane we managed to stop the information flow to the rebels. We can only speculate how long this have been going on, and how many lives could have been spared if their spy had been discovered earlier."

"Don't take it so hard, Morgan," Connor consoled him. "You know they would have gotten the information one way or another. Either way, the rebels have been quiet lately."

"Lying low, are they?"

"Seems like it. Perhaps planning something big, but you never know with these guys. Maybe we managed to arrest most of them last year after all."

"Aren't they talking then?"

"No. They're tough as nails most of them. And those that aren't don't know much about neither their plans nor their hierarchy. Besides, I'm not much into torture so we've simply locked them up until they decide to start talking." He paused for a while, as if he was lost in thoughts. "Still, this spy of yours, is there a chance that he can be used as a double agent?" Connor asked hopefully.

"Not a chance," Morgan glumly replied. Fearing the worst when his friend found out who their spy actually was. Most likely he deserved it after laughing about his friend when he'd had woman trouble last year.

"He's not talking then?"

"More than enough, yes, since he is a she." 

"A woman?" Connor was staring at Morgan, his face covered in disbelief.

Morgan just nodded solemnly.

"They're sending women to do their dirty work now? What's next? Children spies? I can't believe it."

"This is no ordinary woman," Morgan interrupted. "As far as we've discovered she has worked undercover for years."

"Oh my god," Connor groaned. "How could that have happened? There are so few women around one should think she would have been watched even more carefully than the men are."

"Guess not. But maybe that's the key to her success since no one would ever suspect her of doing anything illegal."

"Sounds likely," Connor agreed. "I never thought a woman was capable of such a deceit."

Morgan laughed. "One should think that after last year's events you would have changed your views about the capabilities of a mere woman, my friend."

"Teri has broadened my horizons, if that's what you're thinking about," Connor said warmly as he talked about his mate. Morgan almost felt envious as he noticed the love that was so obvious in his friend's expression. "But apart from all her strange ideas about this women's movement of hers, she has never taken a political stance against me."

"There is something else you should now about this female spy of ours," Morgan prodded on.

"What then?"

"She's the sister of the rebel's leader."

"Of Jack Kelley?" Connor asked surprised.

Morgan just nodded, before he finally decided to jump into what had to be said. It was no use hiding it any longer. Either way, Connor would find out as soon as he talked to Master Kane.

"She's also my mate."

"Your mate? How is that possible?" Connor's mouth was gaping in surprise. 
