 A few days later, Eva started her period. For once she was happy for it. Finally Morgan would leave her alone for a few days and that would give her the opportunity she had been waiting for: to make her escape. Her heart clenched at the thought of leaving, but she had made up her mind. This was something that she had to do. Escape and join the rebels in their cause. 

Later, she hoped for a miracle to allow her to come back to Morgan. She had come to care for him these past few weeks. Enemy or not, she couldn't prevent her pulse from jumping every time she saw him, or her body from heating whenever she heard his voice. But it was unlikely that they could ever live together as mates. Unless Morgan decided to keep her prisoner here for the rest of her life. 

The idea was tempting. But it was a golden cage where she would lose her own will and her ability to do good for others, only losing herself in Morgan's body. She knew she could never be happy with just being his lover.

No, she had to stop these thoughts from polluting her mind. She had a lot of things to do if she was ever going to escape and now she finally had the chance to move about freely. She had informed Morgan about her period the same morning and he had left her alone afterwards. She was happy for it, and especially for the fact that he had gone out and stopped following her every step.

She turned around the corner and aimed for the storerooms on the first floor of the large palace.

Suddenly she felt a large hand grab her from behind and she was slung against a hard body. Immediately he captured her lips between his own and he kissed her hard. She opened her mouth in shock and immediately Morgan took advantage of it and pushed his tongue into her mouth, exploring her as he held her tightly to him.

"God, I've missed you," he groaned before catching her mouth in another breathtaking kiss. But this time he slowed down and carefully licked his way over her bottom lip, before continuing on to her upper lip. Biting her slightly she tried to push him away, but immediately he responded and placed his mouth on hers again, kissing her hard before he deepened the kiss. He moved his hands down along her backside, before grabbing her bottom and lifting her up against him.

"Put your legs around me, honey," he said silkily as he started walking quickly up the stairs again. She finally managed to locate her wits and tried to reason with him.

"But Morgan, I'm having my period," she protested.

"So?"

"So, which part of 'I'm having my period' don't you understand?" she said icily as he opened the door to his room and locking them inside.

"Are you in pain," he glanced at her with a worried look on his face.

"No, not now, but I'm bleeding quite a lot."

"Ah," he breathed in relief. "I know just the recipe for that." He held her tightly and strode toward the bathroom.

"What are you doing? I don't want to bath right now."

"Don't worry, you'll enjoy this."

That was just what she was worried about. "I don't want to have sex with you during my period, Morgan," she tried instead. "It's unseemly."

"It's only natural," he replied. "A little blood has never hurt anyone. Besides, this will help with you're aches." He closed the door behind them and locked it.

"I'm not aching."

"But I am," he said in a pleading voice, making her smile at his evident desperation. "What? You're laughing at my pain? What sort of mate are you?" Morgan teased her lightly.

"The evil kind," she smiled at him. "Besides, it's not my fault that you can't contain yourself, Morgan."

"No? So you're seducing me on purpose, is that it? Thinking you are safe at this time of month? He gave her a heated look-over as she tried to collect herself enough to give him a clever reply. 

Suddenly he grabbed her to him and kissed her hard. Backing away from the consuming heat he was flooding her with, Eva collided with wall behind her. The sound only made Morgan grab a hold beneath her buttocks again and lift her up, fitting her lower abdomen against his as he rolled his hips against her. 

Against her better judgement she felt her body heating to his touch and wondered what was wrong with her. Usually she only felt pain and dirty at this part of the month. She had never felt this hungry for a man's body before, wanting to take him hard and deep and take advantage of her menstrual blood as a lubricant and have rough sex. She shook her head at her unwanted thoughts and tried to focus on how to get Morgan to stop before she lost herself in him another time. 

She moved her hand down over his chest and stomach and met his hard cock. She closed her hand around his cock head and gave him a hard squeeze. He gasped loudly and stopped moving. Only holding her to him as he closed his eyes. His face a study of pure want and pleasure as she tightened her fingers around his most precious part.

"Stop..., for gods sake, stop," he groaned as he involuntary pushed his cock into her hand, as if he couldn't bear the touch but couldn't stay away either. 

"Why don't I simply give you a hand right here," she tempted him. "And cure this swelling of yours." She gave him a firm squeeze so to give him another clue as to what she was planning to do to him.

"Oh...," he groaned. "Tempting...but...no."

"How about if I use my mouth instead of my hand?" She murmured into his ear and immediately she could feel his pulse quickening as she heard his sharp intake of breath.

"Yes...," he breathed hard. "But later," he suddenly blurted out and ripped off her clothes in a quick motion. She screamed a protest as he did the same with his own clothes, leaving them both naked.

"Come here, darling," he tempted her as he reached for her hand. Spellbound she let him have it and followed him into the shower area and watched him turn on the water. As the water flowed down his tempting body, Eva could do little but admire every hard muscle on him. She roamed her eyes all over him, starting at the top and moving downwards. Stopping at his erect cock she licked her mouth at the thought of having him inside of her again. 

At the same time Morgan reached for her arm and dragged her into the shower with him. She raised her head and met his lips in a hard and nerve shaking kiss that made the water feel even warmer. She roamed her hands over his shoulders and his broad chest as she felt the texture of the skin she had just admired. 

Morgan answered by grabbing her underneath her buttocks and hoisting her higher, rubbing her pussy against his hard cock. She gasped by the pleasure that surged through her body and wrapped her legs around him, trusting him to hold her up. 

Morgan turned her against the wall behind the water stream and as the warm water cascaded over their skin he lifted her higher before slowly lowering her, impaling her body on his large cock. She gasped as her cunt was slowly filled with his warm flesh, making her inner walls stretch to accommodate him. 

Her body felt more lubricated than it normally did and she wondered whether it was the menstrual blood or her own body juices that had risen to the occasion. Most likely it was the fact that Morgan was making her crazy about having him. 

Even after the last week when they'd made love a countless number of times, she still wanted him. Still felt as she couldn't get enough of him. It was probably just because she planned to leave him and wanted to sample as much of him as possible before leaving, she thought as she held on tightly as Morgan pounded hard into her body.

She arched her body as she tightened around his cock, trying to hold him inside of her as he pushed hard inside of her before withdrawing. She held on to his shoulders as she suddenly felt her body go over the edge and she screamed into the water spray as her cunt tightened around his hardness in one last effort to take her along with him. 

He held her tightly as her body convulsed in wonderful waves of pleasure and as her breathing slowly returned he kissed her deeply, his tongue meeting hers as she still felt his hard cock inside of her. He let them calm down as he slowly lifted her up and away form his erect cock, holding her to him as she slowly regained her ability to stand, breathing heavily as her body tried to restore itself.

"Was it good?" he asked unnecessarily she thought as sweet feelings for him emerged through her.

"How can you doubt it?" she teased him lightly as she tried to recollect herself. For the time being she was hanging on to his body, as limp as a cushion and grinning uncontrollably. "It was amazing as always, Morgan," she continued as he seemed to expect a reply.

"Amazing, was it? Hm, I can do better than that."

"Oh," she opened her eyes and looked at him, wondering if he was joking or not. "If it gets better than this I won't be able to function at all," she teased him.

"Exactly. I want you completely worn out by pleasure and unable to think at all," Morgan smiled as he moved his hand down and adjusted the shower. She almost jumped in surprise at the warm water spray suddenly hit her buttocks.

"What are you doing?" she wondered aloud before Morgan suddenly turned her around and let her face the wall in the shower area. Leaning her body against his he pushed her a little closer until her hands were braced against the wall. She welcomed the cold wall against her burning skin and leaned her cheek against the wall to try to cool down her burning flesh. Morgan bent closer to her and she felt his large chest against her backside as he directed the water spray some more. 

Suddenly she almost jumped backwards as the water spray hit her directly on her clit. Her skin was still so sensitive she thought she could barely take it.

"Relax," Morgan murmured. "Spread your legs some more."

"I'm much too sensitive, Morgan."

"Just give it a second and you'll enjoy it." 

He wrapped his hands around her and held her close to his front as he motioned her legs apart. She complied and let him steer her in front of the warm water spray and suddenly she felt the spray hit her directly on her clit. She gasped as the pleasure exceeded the pain and she arched her body in pleasure. 

Leaning closer to the wall and the water spray she moaned as her knees were shaking with want. Morgan chuckled in her ear as her body heated and her nipples tightened even more. He roamed his hands over her nipples and squeezed them slightly as her entire body was shaking.

"Let go," he prodded. "Enjoy the pleasure." As his words gradually took meaning in her head, she felt as if his permission was pushing her over the edge. She tightened her body and motioned her clit directly in front of the water spray. 

Feeling every part of her preparing itself she felt a heat wave hit her hard as she screamed loudly and shook involuntary, holding on to Morgan's hands for dear life, as if he was the only thing holding her up. Almost enveloping her with his body she hung limply in front of him as she breathed deep and trying to clear the fog that had placed itself over her mind.

"I'm sorry, Morgan," she finally gasped out.

"What for?" he sounded surprised.

"You didn't get any pleasure."

"Don't worry about that," he turned her around and kissed her softly. "I enjoy watching you come," he said as he looked her deep in the eye, his eyes blazing with heat and something else that she didn't dare define. 

However, she did see the sincerity in his words but she didn't like the feeling of owing him. Letting him be the master of her body and he not taking anything himself. She felt a strong need to see him bow to the same pleasure as she had just experienced. To see him weak and dependent of her touch. Making his eyes glaze over with pleasure and tremble in her hands.

Finally trusting her own body to obey her, she slowly sank down on her knees in front of him, roaming her hands over his body as she settled on her knees. He stared down at her. Surprise evident on his face as she took his hard cock in her hands and squeezed him slightly.

"You don't have to do this," he said hoarsely.

"I know. But I want to," she looked up at him, meeting his heated eyes.

He turned the water spray away from her and spread his legs a little in compliance, obviously accepting her gift. She smiled as she vowed to wipe the smile off his face and make him scream the walls down. 

She looked at the bulbous head of the large cock in front of her. He looked so hard and unbending, still she felt the soft skin covering his shaft portrayed he was soft at times as well. But not now. His cock looked so hard it had to be painful. She lifted her head closer to his cock and licked his cock head, circling her tongue all along the ridge surrounding his cock head. 

Stopping underneath, she located the ridged area underneath the head and tongued him a little harder. A welcoming hiss was heard from Morgan as she repeated the process. Moving her hand over his balls, she stroked them until they felt harder as well. Moving her mouth slowly over his balls she licked and kissed him, moving her hands over his erect cock at the same time. 

Sucking his balls slightly she felt him tightening his leg muscles and pushing his lower body closer to her, as if he couldn't resist offering himself to her touch. She smiled at she felt his entire body shakes beside her and she vowed to pleasure him so much he could hardly stand up. Moving her hands up and along his thighs, she placed them behind him and dragged him closer to her. Aiming her mouth at his cock she took him inside of her warmth mouth and started sucking. 

She moved her left hand around to his front again and took a firm hold of the root of his cock and squeezed him hard. Letting her prize slip almost all the way out of her mouth, she moved her mouth to the underside of his cock and kissed her way from the root till the head. Teasing the ridged area underneath his cock head, she heard his harsh intake of breath as she sucked his cock head.

"God, darling. It's so good," Morgan groaned.

"Any particular requests, Morgan?" she asked him smilingly as she sat watching his hard cock making small jerking motions against her hand. His size was even more impressive than she had ever witnessed before. Morgan didn't reply, just stood breathing hard and slightly pushing his cock closer to her mouth. She could easily finish him off right now, she thought. But what fun would that be? After him having teased her for the entire week he deserved to suffer a little before getting his pleasure.

"I couldn't hear you, Morgan," she said and pinched his buttock at the same time.

"Ouch," she heard him utter. 

"Do you have any requests, Morgan?" she tried again.

"Just take me in your mouth, please, Eva. That's all I ask," he moaned as if in pain. 

"Not yet, I'm thinking," she said and rose herself a little higher, holding his cock in both her hands and rubbing his cock head between her breasts and around each one of them in a languid and slow motion. Meeting Morgan's eyes she saw he was spellbound by her actions and staring at his cock touching her breasts before his eyes glazed over with want. Bending her head slightly, she held him between her breasts and kissed his cock head softly at first then harder until she sucked him as if he was a sweet that she couldn't resist.

"Oh god," she heard him whisper as his body shook with pleasure. His cock hardening even more and his balls feeling harder than before. Knowing he was dangling at the very edge, she took him as far into her mouth as she could and started sucking him. Moving slightly up and then down his shaft as she maintained her sucking, she heard him gasp for breath. 

Good, she thought, as the pleasure of holding this strong man in her arms pleased her more than it should. She enjoyed the feeling of returning some of the pleasure that he had given her, and at the same time it was a delight to finally be the one in charge. Stopping slightly at his cock head, she twirled her tongue over his cock head, hearing him breath deeply at the same time. Putting her hand around the root of his cock, she squeezed him slightly, before aiming for the last hill. 

Her cheek muscles was feeling a little sore after all her sucking, but she ignored it as she sucked him into her mouth and sucked him hard. He gasped at the same time and she welcomed the response as she darted her tongue around the ridge underneath his cock head and pleasured his most sensitive area. Squeezing around him at the same time she started fucking him deeper and faster. 

Making sure to suck him as hard as she could at the same time. Immediately she felt his hands reaching around her head and holding her tightly to him as he pushed his hips forward, fucking himself on her face. Hearing his erratic breathing she increased the tempo and soon after he plunged his cock inside of her one last time as he screamed his joy into the streaming water. Her mouth was filled with spurt after spurt of his saltiness, and she welcomed every drop as she swallowed load after load. 

Licking his cock clean, she held around him as his body shook by the force of his climax, his hands still holding on to her. As soon as he caught his breath again he lifted her up on her feet and kissed her deeply -- his taste still evident in her mouth.

"Thank you," he whispered with his eyes still closed as he leaned against the wall. All his features looking so relaxed she just smiled at him. 

***

Another week passed and still Morgan kept a close eye on her. Using every opportunity to fuck her into submission to him and his tempting body. At least that was what she suspected. It also gave her the possibility to get to know him on a different level than before. Now they spent almost every waken hour together and she learned about what food he liked, his hobbies and his background. To learn that the man she loved had worked himself up from a poor existence to his present situation as Captain in the force, was telling her he was a lot stronger than she had first believed. 

He was a self-made man who had gotten where he was by sheer willpower and a bright mind. And now he was using all that power on learning to know her as well. So far she had been able to avoid most of his prodding, only revealing small details about her previous life, but very gradually Morgan was gathering a picture of her personliaty and it scared her to give him any more power over her. Wasn't it enough that he held her heart?

If they had met under other circumstances she would have grabbed a hold of him with both her hands and never let him out of her sight. She would have treasured her good fortune in finding a man that was her equal both physically and mentally. Instead she tried her best to hide her feelings from him and she had never heard him say he loved her either. Hopefully their parting would be easier since he didn't really love her. Not yet he did, but if she waited much longer he might do, or perhaps that was only a small dream of hers that he would reciprocate her feelings? 

She wandered along the hedges in the garden. Lost in her own thoughts and barely aware of the guards finally having left her side. Not realising this was the perfect moment for escape. As soon as she noticed she was alone for a change, she felt a strong tugging in her sleeve and she was dragged behind a large hedge. She opened her mouth to scream and immediately a hand was placed over her mouth and preventing her scream. 

She wriggled in her attacker's grasp and tried to punch or kick him. Going berserk she aimed to hurt him so much that he wouldn't think her worthwhile to rape.

"Stay still, god dammit," she heard a familiar voice hiss in her ear. Immediately she tensed and stopped struggling.

"Jack?" She turned around and saw her beloved brother standing behind her. "Oh Jack, I'm so glad to see you," she blurted out as she gave a hug, clutching herself to his large and familiar frame.
