 A few days later they arrived at Alpha Centauri. They started the work of loading the new sensor and a wide variety of supplies that was bound for the Ziota colony. After a long day of hard work, most of the men took advantage of their evening off and went in search for good drinks and willing women.

Morgan stayed behind to look over the papers he had just received from the council. There were some news about the rebels and he wanted to be as well prepared as he possibly could. Being Captain had some advantages he enjoyed but also some duties he was not so happy about. Before, he would gladly join the rest of the men in search for entertainment and good company, but his new duties prevented him from having too much spare time on his hands.

He even had a meeting with Master Kane, but what the leader of the High Council wanted with him, he had no idea. But Kane was always a secretive fellow who didn't want to reveal any more than he deemed necessary. He had learned that from past experiences with the man.

Turing toward his cabin he collided with something soft and screechy. He reached out and held on to her before she fell backwards. A firm breast was felt against his hand and he had to shake himself awake from the wonderful feeling. A flowery scent that felt somewhat familiar was teasing his nostrils, but he couldn't quite place where he had encountered it before.

"Sorry," Morgan replied automatically, not having seen where he went. He looked at the person he had collided with and released his hold on her in an instant when recognizing her. "Kendrick?" He said smilingly. "What are you doing here? You're on leave this evening, you know, so get out and have some fun! The others have just left, but you'll catch them rather quickly if you make a run for it."

"I'm not going out, Captain," she replied quickly.

"Not going? Why not? Don't know how to have a good time, is that it? Everyone needs to get their feathers ruffled once in a while, and you're no exception to the rule." He laughed heartily while imagining his female navigator with ruffled hair and sleepy eyes, as she rose from his bed. He mentally shook himself. It was no use thinking about her in such a scenario. He had to maintain his ordinary attitude and treat her as if she was just another of his crewmembers.

"I don't think so, Captain. I have too much to do as it is."

"Well, then why don't you do your work tomorrow and I'll promise not to get mad? What do you say? You can have a drink on my behalf as well."

"You're not going out either, Captain?"

"Nope, I've got some work to do," he admitted.

"Maybe I can help you out?"

"Thanks for the offer, Kendrick, but no thanks. It's so secretive I would have to kill you if you saw it, so you're off the hook," Morgan said laughingly and hoped she was more convinced by his casual attitude than he was. He had to control himself to keep his eyes at her face, and never stride beneath her shin and take in another sight of her tempting cleavage. He wondered if he was just imaging it, but her cleavage seemed to be more and more on display as the days went by. 

"Well, if I promised never to tell anyone about it...,"she let the question hang in the air between them.

"Still can't do it. I'll see you later, Kendrick," Morgan smiled as he walked quickly away from the tempting navigator. 

He had managed to stay away from her for the last few days now, ever since that stupid kiss he had bestowed on her. Well, to call it a 'kiss' was perhaps to put it lightly. He had practically stamped her with his needs, as he felt a strong urge to conquer and dominate her into submission. The idea scared him slightly. He had always been the carefree and light-hearted fellow that flirted and enjoyed the company of women. Never before had he felt the need to own a woman so completely she wouldn't even want to look at another man, and the thought about him turning into that sort of man was hard to stomach. 

What was it about this woman that made him change so completely? It felt as if she held some sort of spell on him. Making him respond so completely to her he almost lost himself in the process. No, this wasn't happening. She was just another woman and he hadn't had a woman for a long time. That had to be the reason. It was just pure and simple lust, and any woman would have caused that, he was sure. It was simply because she was the only woman around.

So, he had tried to wipe her from his mind and stay away from her. In fact, it had worked to some extent as he hadn't thought much of her. Apart from the wet dreams he had been plagued with recently. And now, just a few minutes talking to her and he already contemplated doing all the pleasant things he could do to a woman - and she was staying on the ship. 

God help him if he came across her, alone, during the evening. He had to maintain his authority on the ship, and he didn't achieve that by fucking a senior officer against the steering stick – or any other places either. Good thing he had a few guards posted as well. They would hopefully keep him from doing something he would regret for the rest of his life. 

***

"Master Kane. How nice to see you again," Morgan greeted the older man. He hadn't met him since he presided over the mating ceremony of his friend Connor, but he had always had great respect for the members of the council of elders that ruled Alpha Centauri.

"Yes, good to see you too, Captain Morgan. How is it to have your own ship for once?" Master Kane asked good humorously.

"Never a boring moment," Morgan chuckled. "Although I had imagined the benefits would have been greater."

"And they aren't?"

"Nope, the women aren't as hot for a Captain title as I thought they would be," Morgan said humorously, and they both laughed heartily.

"What a pity," Master Kane finally replied. "But I'm sure you haven't lost your appeal completely. Now, what is this I hear you have a female navigator of all things?"

"Sure we have. And she's good at it as well."

"Any chance of meeting this enigma, perhaps?"

Morgan was perplexed. "Yes, of course. You're lucky. She has stayed behind this evening so I think we will find her in the control room."

"Not much of a partygoer, is she?" Master Kane asked in an interested tone.

"Not yet, she is. But, we've all been young and eager so it will probably pass in a very short time," Morgan chuckled as he walked Master Kane to the control room.

As they arrived, Morgan glanced around the room and noticed straight away a delectable figure standing bent over the monitor by the command post. Her tight skin suit made every detail of her body stand out, and he particularly noticed the fullness of her breasts, as her cleavage was more pronounced than ever. He swallowed hard and tried in vain to put her in the category of just-one-of-his-crewmen.

"Dear me," he heard Master Kane exhale beside him and then he thought he heard a faint chuckle. "No wonder you needed a new navigator," he continued and sent Morgan a sidelong glance. Morgan tried to ignore the bait.

"She's the best of her class and an excellent workmate," he said between clenched teethes.

"Oh, I've no doubt about that," Master Kane chuckled and stepped toward Eva. "Hello there," he exclaimed.

Eva jumped up and sent them both a heartfelt smile that made Morgan's heart make an extra leap in his chest. He stepped forward and introduced them to each other. All the time he noticed Master Kane sending him some strange looks while he interrogated Kendrick about her family and connections. It turned out she didn't have any family left, but a family friend had gotten her interested in flying and paid for her education. Morgan already knew all this after having read her papers before hiring her.

"And what is it like to be the only woman among this group of scoundrels, then?" Master Kane asked humorously.

"I like it very much," Kendrick replied sweetly. "Everyone has been so nice to me, and especially Captain Taylor here."

"Oh? You mean he can actually behave himself with a woman present? Now that's a surprise," Master Kane said teasingly.

"Oh yes. He treats me as one of his crew and I appreciate that very much."

"Does he now?" Master Kane said conspiratorially as if he was contemplating something really unpleasant based on Morgan's point of view.

Morgan had had enough and tried to interrupt. "Maybe we should start our meeting, Master Kane?"

"Yes, of course," Master Kane said thoughtfully, but continued looking at Kendrick in a strange manner.

Eva blushed slightly but held her head up as she always did. That woman didn't know the meaning of backing off, Morgan thought glumly. Well, this time she had met a superior brain. That absent-minded look of the council member wasn't fooling Morgan any longer. The man was as sharp as a knife and it was just a matter of time before he got to the point, Morgan imagined. 

"Tell me, dear," Master Kane started in a friendly voice. "Have me met before, perhaps? There is something remotely familiar about you. Is 'Kendrick' your family name?"

"Yes, it is."

"Hm, can't say I know any Kendrick's, but I'm sure I have you from somewhere. Oh well, it will probably come to me in time," he mumbled to himself.

Morgan had no doubt it would, but Kendrick seemed a little put out by the statement nonetheless.

"Oh well, it was nice meeting you, navigator Kendrick," Master Kane continued before turning halfway toward Morgan as they prepared to depart. At the last moment, Master Kane turned around again and exclaimed. "Oh by the way, have the stars selected a mate for you, Miss Kendrick?"

"Well, yes, but thankfully he hasn't shown up yet."

"You don't want to do your duty to our civilization, then?" Master Kane prodded on.

"Ah, excuse me for saying so, Master Kane," Morgan interrupted, "but Kendrick here is not so keen on discussion the troubles with her mate. You known, he's probably a very stupid fellow for not coming forward yet."

"What? He hasn't stepped up?" Master Kane asked slowly. "How bizarre."

"Yes, well, perhaps he doesn't want to," Kendrick said truthfully. "Or he simply lacks the ability to perform his side of the duty," she said ironically.

"Oh, I doubt it," Master Kane said enigmatically and gave Morgan a sidelong glance. "Well, shall we start our meeting?"

***

"It seems you have a spy on board," Master Kane started as soon as they were alone.

"What?" Morgan just blurted out. "How can that be? Every part of my crew has been security cleared and every brick in their background has been double-checked. That is really not possible."

"Still, you have a spy on board, and it's vital that we find out who it is before any important information gets transmitted."

"How did you learn about this?"

"One of the messages was intercepted. It contained detailed information about your arsenal and fighting power."

Morgan was stunned. A spy, and on his ship. Damn, how could he have missed such a thing? "Do we know who this spy is working for?" 

"The rebels, possibly, but the employer can be almost anyone of our enemies. Even one of our allies, to tell the truth."

"Why? What can they possibly have to gain from planting a spy here? It's not as if we're the main ship in our fleet so what could be gained? I really don't see us as important enough for such a mole."

"I've wondered the same thing," Master Kane admitted. "That's why I want us to catch this spy and interrogate the culprit. Hopefully we can get some useful information about who our enemy is."

"Seems likely," Morgan admitted. "But who's the spy? Did the not give us any information in that direction?"

"No, not much," Kane admitted. "But I have some suspicions." 

"Like who?"

"Oh, nothing solid yet. I thought I could tag along with you for a while and do some observations. Trying to collect some evidence that we can use later."

"Sure, you're welcome to do that. Only, let me know as soon as you have the evidence and I'll personally take care of the interrogation," Morgan suggested glumly as he started to think off possible ways of tormenting the man that dared spy on his ship.

***

A spy. A damn spy on his ship. Back in his cabin, Morgan was almost seething with anger as he recollected his conversation with Master Kane. When Connor learned about this, he would never hear the end of it. He had done the ultimate disaster in hiring a spy, letting every rebel or enemy in the vicinity know details about their defence. It was intolerable. 

Hopefully, Master Kane would prove just as clever as he thought him to be and discover the culprit before he managed to do any more damage. But which one could it be? He had hired several young soldiers in the past few months, but he had checked every one of them before hiring them. All of them had had their papers in order as far as he had discovered. 

No, it was no use in troubling his mind this any longer. He unzipped his skin suit and lay down on the bed. After a few moments of stirring and locating the perfect sleeping position, he fell into a deep sleep.

***

At the same time Eva sat in her cabin contemplating her next move. The old man was here for a reason. Maybe she had been found out. She couldn't be sure. Either way, he and Morgan had been discussing something important to have the Captain so enraged. She had caught a glimpse of him as she hid beside the room where they had their meeting. She hadn't heard what they were discussing, but judging by Morgan's face as he left, it wasn't a pleasant subject. 

Even so, she had to dig up something useful and quickly. So far she hadn't been able to discover anything vital, even though she had searched the entire ship several times. But now she had the information that Morgan had blurted out earlier this evening, about the secret papers he was going to read. She needed to get her hands on those papers. The only place she hadn't searched properly was the Captain's cabin. And where would he keep them except for in his own cabin? The safest place on the ship. Only, the last time she had dared enter Morgan's domain, she had almost been found out. 

Oh well, it might had ended better if she hadn't lost her head and started to fondle her superior officer. Still, it wasn't something she regretted too much. Instead it was forever planted in her brain as one of the most exciting moments in her life, and one she hoped to have more of. Not that she fancied the Captain in particular. 

It was more about feeling like a woman and having sexual needs that only a certain man could fulfil. Of becoming moist just by the look of a naked and attractive man, that was what she had missed the most. The opportunity to just be herself and experience life and pleasure without the feeling of duty and shores forever dangling over her. She shook her head. This was no time to stand dawdling or dreaming about what could have been. One day in the future she hoped to achieve this goal, but right now she had more important matters to attend to.

She listened carefully to every sound from the cabin right next to her. He seemed to have turned in for the night. She couldn't hear any other sounds either. That meant that the rest of the crew would probably not return before the morning when their leave was over. It was time, she thought as she tiptoed out of her cabin and carefully entered the neighbour cabin using the code solver she always carried with her. 

It turned out it wasn't necessary this evening. He had forgotten to lock his doors. The Captain was definitely not himself today when he forgot something like that, she chuckled to herself as she started to search the room from top to bottom. Every now and then she stole a glance over to the sleeping man in the bed. He was naked again and only his lower body was covered with a blanket. 

Damn him. Talk about making a difficult job even more difficult. The soft light in the room portrayed his body to her hungry eyes and as she stared at him, he moaned a little and turned from his side to lie on his back again, throwing away his blanket in the process. She almost groaned out loud by the familiar sight of his large cock. She could clearly remember the last time she had a taste of him. The taste hadn't been enough. She wanted more.

She shook her head again, and turned around to dig through the papers he had left on his desk. At the same time, her ankle caught in something and she stumbled forward. Barely catching herself before she fell, she grabbed a hold on the papers on the desk, sending them stumbling to the floor in a loud bumping sound. 

At the same time she heard movement coming from the bed and as she turned around she noticed Morgan had jumped out of the bed and stood pointing a laser gun at her.

"What's going on here?" he growled. "Lights," he ordered and the room was filled with lights that were tearing into her eyes by the sheer intensity. "Kendrick? What are you doing here?" he said in a surprised voice.

She turned on a bright smile and started on her backup plan. "I couldn't stay away any longer, Morgan," she said shyly as she gave him a sheepish look. 

"What are you talking about?" he growled at her and she gasped loudly as she realised he was still completely naked. She looked down and noticed his cock was gradually increasing and she stared at him in awe.

Morgan chuckled as he noticed her blush. "You shouldn't sneak into a man's bedroom in the middle of the night," he declared. "Now, what are you doing here, Kendrick?"

"Ah well, I came to give you something," she started slowly, still spellbound by his naked body standing proudly in front of her. Damn, now she had really done it, she thought, before throwing herself headlong into it.

"Give me what?" Morgan asked suspiciously and tightened his hand around the gun.

"Me," Eva declared and threw off her robe, leaving her standing in front of him totally naked. She straightened her stance and looked at him, waiting to see what his reaction would be. So far he was only staring at her as if she had developed horns or something. His mouth opening as he started to say something. Then he closed his mouth again, and tried once more. He seemed totally stunned by her action. 

"What is the meaning of this?" he finally said hoarsely. "I suggest you return to your cabin immediately before I do something we might both regret in the morning."

"I can't wait any longer," she said truthfully. "And I thought you felt the same the way you've been staring at me lately."

He stood completely still. His arm holding the gun was sinking slowly. Then he finally located his wits again. 

"Go to bed!" he said hoarsely. "That's an order."

She felt chills all the way to the bone. She had gambled and lost. She bent down to collect her robe. "I'm sorry," she mumbled almost incoherently. "I thought you felt the same way. I won't trouble you any further," she said in a strangled voice as she hid her body behind the robe and turned to the door.

"Not that bed," he growled behind her. "My bed." She turned in surprise and watched him point toward the bed he had just vacated. Hope surged through her as she met his hungry look. "Last chance, Missy. Either you run out that door or you come here. It's your choice."

She laughed and dropped the robe as she threw herself into his arms. He answered by catching her mouth in a hungry kiss, as if he was trying to devour her just by using his own two lips. His strong arms wrapped around her waist and he lifted her up, holding her close to his warm body as he headed toward the bed. 

He continued kissing her as he laid them both down on his bed, his warm body covering hers. She moved her hands all over his upper body while she took in his scent. She wanted this moment to last as long as she could and after that she wanted to keep him in her mind. She laughed out her joy as she wrapped her legs around him and held him close to her.
