 Finally on the fourth day since their arrival, Eva managed to slip away from her prison guard -- or so she had started to think about him. It was in the middle of the day and Eva carefully peered into the kitchen area. It was empty. Just as she had expected. 

The entire staff had an hour off before they would start dinner, and that hour was more than enough time for her to steal some food for her journey. She wasn't sure how fast she could travel so she had decided to pack all the necessities just to be on the safe side. That meant food, clothes and tools. But first food. She went up to the cupboards and peered inside. 

Suddenly a hand clasped down hard on her shoulder and she was forcibly turned around and lifted onto the table. She yelped as she realised Morgan had intercepted her again.

"And what are you planning this time?" he asked icily as he grabbed her upper arms and held her in place.

Momentarily stunned, Eva could only stare at him. Did he have eyes in his back or something? Or had he placed a tracking device on her so that he could follow her every move? 

"I was hungry," she finally retorted.

"Were you really?" Morgan drawled as if he didn't believe a word she was saying. Apart from his guarding her every step during the day, he had stayed away at night. Only locking her in his room at the palace before he went off to meet with his cronies -- or so she suspected. 

It could be that he went to some other women instead of coming to her, but she didn't want to dig into that hole -- worrying that she might care more than she wanted to, if her suspicions were correct. She had tried to tell herself that she was happy for the reprieve, but she wasn't entirely convinced as she spent her nights awaiting his arrival instead of sleeping.

His eyes suddenly glazed over with something other than anger and she felt him come nearer. Separating her legs with his hip he leaned closer to her, letting her feel his hard body against her torso. She gasped as she leaned her head back so she could meet his eyes. 

Looking up at him she tried to discern exactly what he intended to do to her. The hard bulge against her stomach left her in no doubt as to what he wanted to do. He bent his head and kissed her hard on the mouth, as if he wanted to devour her.

She moved her hands around his back, trying to keep her up and withstand his energetic attack as he ignited the flames inside of her. His hands moved over her breasts and the rest of her body. She held on tighter as she bared her throat to him in an ancient sign of surrender. He growled as he instinctively reacted to her submission and sneaking his hands beneath her hips and dragged her closer to the table edge, rubbing his swollen member against the thin clothing covering her clit.

"Is there something wrong with your room, Captain?" a humorous voice asked from the doorway. Both Eva and Morgan froze at the sudden interruption. 

"Go away," Morgan growled to the intruder. 

"Can't do," the cook replied. "The Governor has requested dinner so this room will soon be packed with staff members. I suggest you take your lady off to another and less crowded room -- unless you want an audience, that is."

"Very funny," Morgan growled as Eva blushed all over her face. She tried to push Morgan away and thought she succeeded when he finally moved, only to be dragged after him out into the corridor and up a set of stairs. She soon realised he meant to do what the cook suggested: take her to his room. She started to protest.

"But, Morgan, it's in the middle of the day."

"So?"

"But what will people think?"

"That we have more important things to do than to chitchat. That I want to fuck my woman." 

She blushed at his uncivilized words, but at the same time she felt her panties getting moist by his choice of words and his uninhibited sexual need for her. The other women couldn't have done a good job in douching his fire, she thought happily as he pushed her into his room and locked the door behind them. 

Moving his hands to his skin suit, he ripped it open, baring his chest to her. Immediately afterward he ripped away the rest of his skin suit and his naked and aroused body was revealed to her in all its glory. She sighed as she took in the sight of his muscular thighs and his swollen member. His cock was standing proudly up along his stomach, telling her clearly what his intentions were. She let her eyes roam up over his flat stomach and his broad chest. 

A few strands of dark hair were covering his chest, stating him as the mature and well developed male that he was. She felt a strong need to plaster his image in the back of her memory, locking the sight of him in her mind for ever. But she knew the picture would never compare to the real thing. She felt her mouth watering with the thought of taking his cock inside of her mouth and sucking him hard until he begged for her mercy. 

But the best would be to take him inside of her moist pussy. She felt her body preparing to take his entire member inside -- preparing and anticipating for him to plunge as far inside of her as was possible. 

"Are you going to strip or just stare?" he suddenly interrupted her fantasies.

She almost jumped in surprise, before laughing at her own breathlessness. She was breathing heavily and she hadn't even touched him yet. Oh my, she thought. This man had way to much power over her senses.

"If you like that suit I suggest you start undressing real quickly," Morgan threatened again.

"All right," she agreed and started to open her suit. He was staring at her breasts as she gradually revealed her body to him. Wanting to shake him as much as he had shaken her, she asked. "Why aren't you demanding that I wear the Ziotian dress now that I'm mated?"

"I've learned from Connor's mistake," Morgan growled.

"Oh, how so?"

"I'm not sharing and that dress is so thin that anybody will see what's underneath. That dress is far better used in privacy where I will be the only one appreciating it."

"But what if I wanted to wear it in public?"

"You don't," he stated boldly.

"How would you know? Maybe I have this craving for exhibitionism?"

"You don't, darling, otherwise you wouldn't blush so much just because the cook caught us kissing in his kitchen."

"It wasn't just kissing," she retorted as she tried to hide another blush.

"No?"

"It was a lot of fondling and rubbing in there as well."

"Ah yes," Morgan breathed out. "That might explain why I have been plagued with this stiffness for a while," he smiled as he fondled his hard cock, moving his hand slowly up and down his shaft.

She stopped undressing as she watched him touching himself.

"You're stalling -- again," he said reprimandingly. "I might have to punish you for it," he said teasingly.

"Don't you dare, Morgan," she answered as she quickly got rid of the last fabric covering her body. At the same time she felt his warm body against her backside -- rubbing his hard cock against her. Placing his large hand on her left ass cheek, he gave her a slight smack before he groped her.

"Ouch," she exclaimed as she jumped in surprise by his smack. "What are you doing, Morgan?" She moved her own hand over the offended part as she tried to turn around and give him a reprimand. It hadn't hurt but the feeling of being dominated was not something she had wanted. It made her feel powerless and dependent on her sex partner -- a feeling that made her feel both terrified and curious at the same time. 

He moved his hand to her hips and held her tightly to him hard body - her backside to his front. As he slowly rolled his hips against hers she felt her breathing increase as she noticed how hard he felt against her. She wanted him to make a better use of that hardness, but she vowed not to start begging before she was desperate for him. 

It was time to establish some rules in this relationship, she thought. She would never be able to stand living with a man that always took command and never let her have any saying. She briefly wondered why she even considered it when she was leaving him as soon as she could, but she shook the thought to the back of her mind as his hands travelled from her hips and toward her front. 

She gasped as his right hand was closing in on her clit and he started fondling her. With his left hand he carefully nudged her legs further apart and she spread them willingly -- making it easier for him to reach her moist centre. He moved his fingers slowly over her clit, making her feel the warmth gathering in her body and aiming straight to her pussy. She rubbed herself against him, hoping to make him increase his fondling. 

"Impatient?" he chuckled in her ear.

She ignored his baiting, wanting him to stop talking and teasing and come inside her instead -- making their coupling a lot easier and less nerve wrecking so it would be easier for her to leave him when that time came. But he wasn't rushing anything it seemed. Instead he continued rubbing her clit slowly and the rest of her hungry flesh, roaming his hands up to her stomach, before venturing down again, making her itch with a temptation to direct his hand to where she wanted to be touched. 

Instead she moved her hands behind her, trying to take his cock in her hands and squeeze him hard. She wanted him to become as breathless as she herself had. But Morgan wasn't budging and all she could reach was his thighs so she settled for squeezing his thighs instead. 

His muscles were so hard she felt a strong need to examine his entire body more closely -- hoping to discover some part of him that wasn't hardened by muscles. Either way she wanted to examine him and take a closer look at what a fine specimen she had been mated with. 

In the back of her mind she knew it was a need to plaster him on her mind, to preserve a picture of him to use when she was spending lonely nights and the only pleasure was in the hands of herself. 

She roamed her hands up and down his thighs, trying to move her body a little away from his and to insert her hand between their bodies. At the same time, Morgan pushed her forward and toward the bed. As she lifted her legs to climb into the bed, he held her hips steadily.

"No, I want to stay right here," he said hoarsely. "Lean your arms on the bed, darling." He gently nudged her upper body down toward the bed. She went willingly, wondering what he was planning to do but still she felt positive she would enjoy it.

Leaning on her hands, she felt him nudge her legs apart again. She looked behind her and saw him positioning himself behind her, grabbing a hold on her hips as he pushed himself slowly against her backside. She answered and met his trusts as he moved his cock between her legs, slowly moving his warm cock against her moistness.

He gave her ass another smack and this time she felt a small sting as his flat hand hit her.

"Morgan," she screamed at him.

"Yes, dear?"

"Would you just stop that?" she said exasperatingly. "I don't like it."

"No?" he moved his hand around to her front and between her sex lips, meeting the warm liquid that was coming from her insides. "Then how do you explain this then?" he asked as he fondled her wetness so a squishing sound was clearly heard.

"That was from before you slapped my buttocks."

"Are you sure about that?" he teased lightly and she could almost hear how he was smiling, seeing right through her protests.

"Why don't you just get on with it?" she suggested.

"Naw, I enjoy this."

"I've realised that. You're just like a cat. Playing with your prey."

"Oh? Is that what you are? My prey? Maybe I'm your prey. Well, come to think about it I did catch you red-handed in the kitchen." 

"You didn't," Eva interceded.

"Didn't what?"

"Red-handed, I mean. I was just looking for some afternoon snack."

"The main thing is that I caught you," Morgan suggested. "And now I'm keeping the trophy," he murmured as he directed his cock toward her opening and slowly pushing inside. She gasped at the painstaking and slow pace, impatient for him to increase the pace. Filling her up, he started withdrawing again and she pushed back against him to prevent his withdrawal. 

Coming back inside he suddenly plunged inside of her in one hard and pleasant shove and she groaned out loud. Withdrawing and plunging one more time he held on to her hips as he continued fucking her deep and hard. She felt her release coming and welcomed it as she worked to keep up with his pace -- trying to tighten around him as he plunged inside of her and filling her with his warm and hard cock. 

She whimpered as he suddenly stopped moving, his cock buried to the hilt and him resting against her, breathing hard. His hand holding on to her hips and holding him inside of her.

"Morgan," she moaned. "Don't stop."

"Wasn't planning to," Morgan replied hoarsely. "God, it feels so good to be inside of you," he growled as he moving slightly from side to side, as if he wanted to explore the walls on each side of his swollen cock.

Eva felt elated at his words and used her hands to push herself back against him, taking his cock further inside of her hungry body. She heard him groan in response before he moved his right hand to her front and started to rub her clit in a telltale manner. 

Immediately she felt her body heating another degree and her breathing increased. She tightened her muscles around his cock as he withdrew slightly and then pushed hard inside of her again. Rubbing her clit in accordance with his plunges she felt her body tightening and preparing to be launch into an orgasm. 

"Morgan," she gasped as she bent her upper body down on the bed, using the leverage to push back against him, trying to follow his pace. He answered by rubbing her clit harder, before plunging deep inside of her at the same time. She screamed as pleasure wave after pleasure wave poured through her body and she tingled all over. 

Her legs gave out from under her and she fell on to the bed in a heap of exhaustion. Her body was shaking in release and she felt contractions in her abdomen. Morgan had followed her down and held her quietly - his cock still buried inside of her. He was still hard but his breathing indicated how close he was. She felt an instant of remorse as she understood how they had both focused on her orgasm and she had made it difficult for him to follow her. She vowed to correct the error as soon as possible and she tightened her hips and pushed back against Morgan.

"Sorry about that, Morgan," she blushed guiltily. "I didn't intend to rob you of your pleasure."

He laughed good-naturedly. "Don't worry, honey. I still intend to get what I want," he said as he pushed his cock further inside of her warmness. She immediately tightened around him. Suddenly he withdrew completely and she looked behind her in confusion. 

"Move up," Morgan smiled at her and she crawled into the middle of the bed, feeling Morgan following close behind her. "Lay down," he ordered and she followed his commands -- not wanting to question her reaction to his every demand. At the same time she felt him move on top of her, his thighs on each side of her legs and his wet cock pushing against her buttocks. 

She arched her body and spread her legs slightly. Immediately his cock slipped inside of her moistness and she felt she had grown accustomed to having him inside - wanting to keep him inside for as long as she wanted. He plunged inside of her, embedding his hard cock to the hilt. 

"Oh my god," she wailed as she felt her body heating up again. He moved his right hand around her hip again and placed it one her clit, fondling her arching centre. She gasped as pure need poured through her. "But, Morgan, it's your turn now," she said gasping.

"Later," he murmured. "Is it good?" he wondered as he plunged his cock deep inside of her again.

"Yes," she screamed as she felt contractions gathering in her stomach and every muscle in her body was tightening -- preparing for a direct hit from his fingers touching her clit. Her unspoken plea was answered as he rubbed her clit hard a few times, his cock withdrawing and plunging inside of her as she screamed out her pleasure another time. 

She sank down on the bed, every muscle relaxed and her entire body focused on breathing as warm pleasure was pouring through her. Her entire body felt like liquid and she vowed to never move again - at least not in the first few hours. She barely registered Morgan chuckling above her. He had stopped moving and was leaning against her, most of his weight leaning on his elbows. He blew cold air on her neck, before kissing her shoulders and upper back. 

His kisses felt relaxing and cooling as he shifted to blowing cold air on her skin again. She yawned as she felt her body relax to his tender administration.

"Morgan?" she said blurrily.

"Yes?"

"Why don't we concentrate on you this time? I can't take much more." He laughed at her.

"Tired already? I think three more will be just fine," he added.

"Three more? You're joking," she interceded in a shocked voice. No way if she could take another orgasm. Not if she wanted to walk in the next couple of hours - not to say days. She tried to raise her body and move away from him. There had to be another way to make him come, she thought and arched her back. Morgan groaned loudly by the new position. Eva smiled as she heard him. 

Maybe she could simply make him come. Then he would have to take a break. She squeezed her inner muscles, feeling every part of his hard cock inside of her. Arching her back a little more and pushing her buttocks back against Morgan she heard him take a deep breath. He was struggling, she thought. Good. 

Now if only he would take the hint and let himself go. Although she would love to give him a hand. She sank down against the bed, before pushing backwards again -- impaling herself on his hard cock.

"Oh..., god. Stop... moving," Morgan panted in between breaths, his body almost shaking in tension as he tried to hold himself back. 

Eva increased the pace instead, clenching his cock tighter with her inner walls, feeling every part of him buried inside of her. She loved the feeling of fullness, of feeling him so close to her and the tip of his cock head touching her g-spot. She felt another orgasm closing in on her but she vowed to keep it contained until she had Morgan along on the ride. He groaned loudly before grabbing a hold on her hips and pushing hard inside of her. 

She screamed in joy as she felt him coming even deeper than before, touching parts of her that had never been pleasured before. She clasped her muscles around his cock, trying to keep him inside. Instead he withdrew almost all the way out of her and she whimpered a protest. He plunged deep inside of her, letting her feel every part of him as he pushed past her straining muscles and straight toward her g-spot. She moaned loudly. His hand moved around her hip and straight to her clit, stroking her slowly.

"No," she gasped. "No, not me this time," and she pushed backwards as he pushed forward. As she screamed out her pleasure she felt him increase his pace, fucking her harder before he finally screamed out in pleasure and sank down against her tired body. Falling on to his side, she rolled with him, they both breathing heavily as their bodies finally relaxed.

***

Morgan looked at the sleeping body of his mate. She had fallen asleep right after their lovemaking, while Morgan had been left feeling calmer than he had been for days. Only sleep still eluded him. He felt comfort in watching her as she snuggled against him, stealing his warmth and a lot more. Whatever was he going to do with her? She was becoming an important part of his life, and still he had no idea what she felt about him. Or how he could make her stay. 
