 Confused by my dream and quite upset. What had happened to me last night if he wasn't here? Clumsily, I got dressed and started down the trail we walked last night. There were more ferns and brush than I remembered. The morning sun was just barely able to peek through the leaves now. The closer to the clearing I got, the thicker the fog was. 

There was a burning in the pit of my stomach. My breathing was labored. Feeling claustrophobic, I began to undo my jacket and take my scarf off. There was a tingling about my head and a metallic blood-like taste in my mouth. What was happening to me?

The clearing was somewhat overgrown and more secluded than I remembered. I wondered if it was even the same place. Stumbling closer now, I could see the blanket I had laid out from before. 

Feeling so much gravity pulling down on my body, I crawled to the blanket; collapsing as soon as I got there. Laying on my stomach, almost afraid to look up. I could feel someone or something staring at me. My skin tingled with anticipation. Anxiety had me virtually paralyzed. 

Mustering up the courage to open my eyes and there he was; reaching for my hand to help me up. Relief took over. Taking his hand, and shakily pulling myself up. He pulled me close to him; pressing my chest to his. 

His hands gently holding my face for a kiss. This was one of the most amazing kisses I had ever had; so much passion in just one kiss making my knees buckle. This man was, in fact, not Dean. This man was not even anyone I knew... more of a presence; a collection of every man I had ever wanted. His kiss tasted of the sweet spiced rum. His eyes were dark that stabbed straight into my soul. 

Grabbing onto his arms to help hold myself up and arching my back; hair hanging down. His hand slowly follows my neck to the back of my head, grasping a firm hold of my hair. His warm breath on my neck weakens my knees even more. Steadying me in one arm and undressing me with the other hand, I'm powerless against him. I want him. I want him with every ounce of my being. 

Tracing his chest with my fingertips, trying to mentally burn his image into my brain. I was sure to touch him as much as he would let me. 

My pants fell to the ground; as if he slid a blade up my leg and cut them off. 

The morning sun was pierced through the trees, but the fog was heavy as ever. Lowering us both to the blanket, he brushed my hair from my face. I wanted to see his face, touch it. I struggled to see him better. His eyes were all I could make out. Dark, soul stealing eyes. He laid upon me, pressing heavy. I should've been scared but I wasn't. I couldn't get enough of him. I kept trying to touch him but before I could, my scarf was wrapped about my wrists, holding me. Why didn't he want me to touch him? Who was this...? Or WHAT was this? 

He sat up over me; again, all I could see was a beast-like silhouette of a man. "You shouldn't have come. Why did you come back? You don't belong here!" He growled angrily. 

"I needed to..." A scared little whisper escaped my lips. "I needed to know who you are..."

He leaned down to me, kissing my neck; knowing it'd shut me up. "You don't need to know anything about me." He breathed. His weight pressing down on me, his hands following my curves, stopping only to caress my breasts then back down to my hip. The warmth from his hand stings against my pelvis. He slides down in, slow and gently; just barely separating my lips at first. Feeling his fingers opening me wider, I gasped... The cold air was sharp to my lungs. 

I had a sudden urge to scream, but couldn't. I knew I should be scared; this felt like the place I needed to be. He was comforting... I felt like this was "home".

My thoughts were shattered with his sudden thrust inside me. "Is this what you wanted?" I had no voice to answer him this time, yet I still wasn't scared. It was, in fact, what I wanted. He was reaching deeper than any man ever has. I wanted more of it... I wanted more of him.

His hands followed my hips to the back of my legs and tossed them up quickly; opening my legs and my lips. He lowers himself down to me. I could feel his hot breath on my thighs and moving further up. His hair fell against my leg sending shivers through my spine. I gasped... I wanted to touch him; pull his face into me. 

His tongue slipped easily over my lips; and quickly shot between them. I gasped again. This was exactly why I came here! With my wrists still fastened together, I was able to reach down and hold open my pussy to welcome in his tongue. He buried his face into my pussy. His tongue darted in and out...flicking over my swollen clit. Feverish waves of excitement rolled through out my body each time his tongue would savagely drink up my essence. His tongue was shooting so deep into me; I was struggling to believe it was even human. 

This man; this beast lover, or demon... sat up and pulled me by my hips up, driving his cock hard up into me. A soft groan escaped me... it felt incredible. I opened my eyes to try to see his face. I couldn't see anything except his eyes looking straight into my soul, pulling me closer to him. He untied my wrists; I could finally touch him. His muscles rippled under my fingertips each time he plunged deeper. Instinctively, my back arched and pressed my breasts against him. The shadows have taken over any light that had once peeked through the trees. I felt consumed by the darkness. Once again, my body was not my own; it was his. I was there for him. 

In between our fiery kisses, I begged him to take me with him. He ignored my pleas and kept pumping his cock deeper; thrusting into me. My head was cradled in his left hand, his right hand gripped my thigh as leverage. His fingertips were sharp, almost puncturing my skin like claws.

Little by little, he delivered me into orgasmic bliss. My mind spinning, my brain fogged, I was essentially floating above my body, looking down; watching this soul stealing entity take me.

Hours later, I woke to a text message on my phone. I was cold, weak, and feeling hung over; stripped naked and laying on my bed. The clothes I wore were strewn everywhere. Scratches on my thighs and back had begun to sting. The front door was wide open, letting the damp fog waft in.