 Where was everybody? Morgan wondered as he walked through the control room. The second officer was controlling the space ship, but the rest of the crew seemed to have vanished into thin air. Even the guards he had posted to prevent any intruders from entering the bridge were gone. Strange. Very strange. 

"What's going on?" he asked the second officer. "Where is everyone?"

The young man blushed slightly and stammered "I don't know, sir."

Morgan was not convinced. It was as if he knew something but didn't say it. Well, he would get to the bottom of it, either way. He started searching methodically throughout the ship.

Not long after he could hear voices coming from the back part of the ship, near the medical unit. Several blushing members of his crew were running off as he came closer. He stepped inside the medical unit and was stunned. Inside was his first pilot Kendrick standing in the middle of a group of men, putting a small bandage over the arm of one of them, while the others paid close attention to every move she made.

"You need to be more careful from now on, Mr Simpson," she declared and everyone of her court nodded thoughtfully.

"There you go," she finally declared. "Now, was there anyone else who needed a hand?"

"Yes," several of the others exclaimed ad they all started to state all the different ailments that was troubling them.

Morgan coughed loudly. "Are you all getting too sickly to do your duty? In that case I better put you on shore duty instead," he snarled at them.

A lot of stammering resulted and Morgan felt as if his entire crew had turned into snotty brats all of a sudden. It seemed they were in great need of some military discipline, and he prepared to bellow out orders to each and every one of them.

"Oh, you shouldn't blame theme, Captain," he suddenly heard Kendrick state in that sweet voice of hers.

"And why not?"

"I just helped them with some wounds and some sprained fingers that would otherwise had gone untreated."

"What? Are you some kind of doctor as well?"

"No, but I have been acting as a nurse on quite a few of the missions I've participated in."

"I'll bet you have," Morgan growled. "All right, you can continue treating the sick, but from now on I decide which one needs treatment." He turned to his men. "Now, get back to work if you can't produce a real injury!" Every one of them turned away and almost sprinted out the door. Sissies, Morgan thought. She had reduced his men to a bunch of sissies worried about a few splinters in their fingers.

"How about you, Captain?" Kendrick said smilingly. "Are you in need of treatment perhaps?"

He must be dreaming, Morgan thought, and for a moment he thought of telling her to treat the ailment in his hardened cock, but that wouldn't do.

"No, I'm fine," he growled. "Now, you get back to work as well, Missy!"

"I'm off duty."

"Then go and do something useful, then," he snarled at her, knowing he was being unreasonable, but he couldn't help himself. If he started to be nice to her, he wouldn't account for what his next action would be. He was finally alone with her. A situation he had tried to avoid for several days now. He started walking quickly toward the door.

"You sure about that, Captain? I'm sure I can give you something for those sleeping troubles you've been having."

He stopped abruptly. How did she know about his sleeping problems? "What do you know about my sleeping habits?"

"I have the cabin right next to you and the walls don't seem to be very thick. I hear almost every sound from yours."

She had the cabin next to his? What was this? Great. Just what he didn't want to hear. "And how did you end up there?" he asked her. "I seem to remember asking the private to place you in another cabin."

"I requested it," she said smilingly. "I thought that would be the safest place on the craft, if you catch my meaning."

He almost laughed at her statement. Sure, if she thought him a eunuch, sure it was safe. But he wasn't, and that made him even angrier. "You thought so, did you? Well, maybe you were wrong, Missy and should consider moving to another cabin," he stated and turned and walked quickly away from her tempting presence.

***

Eva smiled knowingly as she watched him trail off. She was getting under his skin. The plan was working perfectly. In fact, he was kind of sweet in a way. Growling and throwing orders but still she sensed a hidden decency that she had seldom met in the men she had encountered before. It made him an even easier target, she thought. 

Thankfully he was not that bad looking either. She was happy about that. She found him attractive in a manly and roguish way. That made it all so much easier. His tanned skin and the strong body only partly hidden by the tight clothes he was wearing, all in all a man she would normally be attracted to – even if she didn't have him on her agenda already. 

Her brother had been very clear on her assignment. To get the information they needed and use every weapon in her arsenal to achieve her mission. Even if it meant seducing a man she hated. Oh well, she could hate what he stood for but still admire his well-trained body, couldn't she? 

***

A few days later, Morgan was helping one of the youngest crewmembers moving some heavy crates. If he wanted to be accepted as Captain he still had to put in a days work, Morgan thought as he handed a crate to Austin. At the same time Austin lost his balance and started waving his hands. 

"Don't loose the crate," Morgan shouted as he ran to help. Austin tried to hold on to the heavy box, but at the same time he stepped on a pipe and fell backwards. Morgan jumped forward and managed to take a hold on the crate as it followed Austin down to the floor. A nail scraped along his wrist but Morgan only held on tighter as he felt a sharp sting along his arm. He looked down on his arm and noticed blood seeping through his skin suit.

"Damn it," he swore as he felt the pain sting through his arm. Austin had managed to get back on his feet by now.

"Sorry, boss," he mumbled apologetically.

"Never mind that," Morgan said lightly. "Just give me a hand here." Austin helped him place the crate on a shelf, and Morgan could again return his attention to his arm.

"Damn it," he mumbled again as he located a piece of fabric he could tie around his arm to stop the bleeding.

"Oh shit. That doesn't look too good, Captain. Let me take you to the Medical unit," Austin said almost trembling.

"Never mind that. It's just scratch," Morgan interrupted.

"But, sir. This is all my fault and you're bleeding way too much."

Morgan thought the man looked somewhat beside himself. Oh well, a trip to the doctor couldn't hurt anyone.

"All right, all right. I'll let the doctor have a look," Morgan reluctantly agreed.

***

Arriving at the medical unit, Morgan finally realised that the doctor would in this case be a person he tried his best to avoid: Kendrick. Damn, why hadn't he remembered that their regular doctor had some time off these few weeks, Morgan thought as he turned to leave again.

"What's this then?" he heard a familiar voice say behind him.

"Oh, Miss Kendrick. You must save the Captain's life or I'll kill myself. It's all my fault," Austin blurted out.

Morgan just sighed and vowed to dismiss this nut head at the very first opportunity. Or perhaps he should just leave him on the first asteroid they passed. Several of his men had gathered around to look if the Captain was dying, just as the rumour had said. He scowled at them.

"Get back to work you lazy heads. I just need a few stitches, that's all."

"Stitches? Oh no, we never use anything that primitive anymore," Kendrick informed him as she as she guided him to sit in a chair. 

"You don't? Well, then give me a fucking band aid and let's finish this. I haven't got time for this nonsense."

She ignored him and reached for his arm. Reluctantly he gave it to her and relished as he heard her gasp.

"What happened?"

"I got scraped on a nail."

"A rusty one?"

"Yes."

"Oh dear, oh dear. That's not good."

"What's wrong with that? Just stop the bleeding so I can return to the crates again," Morgan declared.

"You might get an infection. I need to give you a shot and laser treat that wound. Get undressed."

"What?"

"Take off your clothes!" Kendrick ordered. "Or you might loose that arm."

Morgan just glared at her. "You're joking, right?"

"Nope. Now, get out of those clothes or do you need any help?"

Some of his men started laughing around them. 

"She wouldn't have to ask me twice," Oliver laughed.

"I think I have a nail in my arm as well," another droned in.

"Shut up, all of you morons" Morgan bellowed. "Now, get out and do something more useful!"

The men hastily retreated but Morgan could still hear one of two unwelcome comments about 'lucky Captains' and 'smart moves'. Several of them even asked Austin where these crates could be found.

"What a bunch of baboons," Morgan said as the last one of the crowd left them. Now, he only had to cope with the nosy woman.

"Now, are you going voluntarily or do I have to strip you?" Kendrick said smilingly.

"Don't worry, I can manage well on my own," Morgan replied and started to take off his skin suit. His arm felt a little numb and he had some difficulties removed the fabric due to blood that had plastered the fabric to his skin.

"Here, let me help you," Kendrick interrupted and started to remove the fabric from his aching arm.

***

Eva had to control her hands to stop them from shivering as she touched his warm skin. If she had the chance to persuade him of the necessity in baring his lower body parts as well, she would have done it without scruples. This man made her almost lose her mind and all her inhibitions at the same time. The thought was troubling to say the least. She had never felt this way before, as if her entire body became alight just by his presence. 

She mentally shook herself. This would not do. She could not afford to display herself in front of an enemy. And he was her enemy. She just had to remember that whenever she longed for his touch. Longed for him to look at her as if she was a woman and not just a workmate. But so far he was the epitome of good behaviour. That made her angry all of a sudden. Why didn't he respond to her? Wasn't she woman enough to tempt him? Or did he only want the faceless woman in his dreams? The thought made her despair although she shouldn't really care what her enemy thought of her. As long as she got what she came for: Information. 

Still, it didn't hurt to receive some honest male response once in a while. To feel she was tempting someone to do her bidding. She stroked her hands over his naked chest under the pretext of helping him remove his suit. She heard a slight gasp and as she stared at his broadly muscled chest she noticed him inhaling sharply, could see his chest fill with air and his stomach flattening even more than before. She moved her hand slowly across one of his male nipples and smiled as she saw it tightening instantly to her touch. 

"What are you doing?" Morgan asked suspiciously.

"Examining you," she responded calmly as she ran her hand down his chest and across his stomach. He stilled completely as she moved further downwards. She noticed the increasing bulge in his lower abdomen and wanted to touch him so badly. But that wouldn't do. Instead she moved her hand to his right side and gently massaged his warm skin.

"What are you doing, woman?" he croaked out with his harsh voice. "The nail hit my arm, not my stomach."

"It pays to be thorough," she said lightly as she placed her hand on his chest again, while leaning her ear close to his chest where his heart was located. She felt it skip a beat before beating faster as she listened to the sign of his life-force. She felt an aching need to kiss his chest, to lick her tongue all over his warm and inviting skin. To get to know him in the most elemental way.

His answering moan awoke her from the trance and cleared her head at once. 

"Breathing and pulse is normal," she murmured as lightly as she could. "No sign of any infection yet, but it's still too early to say for certain." She quickly got up and moved to the nearest basin. Taking a cloth and wetting it she returned to her patient and started to clean away the blood on his arm.

He followed her every move with a suspicious frown on his forehead. She wondered whether the Captain disliked women in general or if it was just her he was so suspicious about. She almost chuckled aloud. He had some good instincts, she would give him that. 

Cleaning away the rest of the blood she could see that the wound had almost stopped bleeding. That was good, she thought as she grabbed his arm to study the wound in a better light. He tightened his muscles immediately and the bleeding started again.

"Relax, big guy," she murmured in her most silky voice. "I'm not going to hurt you."

He snorted as if that wasn't any comfort at all. "How about putting on that band aid and let me get on with my work?" he said harshly.

"Patience. You men are always in a hurry," Eva joked as she grabbed the laser and aimed it at the wound. "You know, the women would be far more pleasant if men learned the basics of patience and how to pleasure their mates."

"Is that so?" she heard Morgan snarl as she felt his muscles tense. "And what about the women's duties in the society? Wouldn't the world be a lot better if women learned to obey their mates?" At the same time she started the laser and directed it on to his wound. "Ouch, what are you doing?" he said angrily.

"Just sit still and you'll get a reward when I'm done," she said sweetly.

"You could have warned me."

"And what fun would that be?" she wondered. "Besides, you men deserve a little pain now and then for the way you treat your mates."

"Ha, I don't have a mate, so don't punish me on behalf of the rest of the male population."

"Oh well, you seemed so handy." She stopped the laser and watched her work. The wound had closed completely and the healing had already started. This would turn out well, she thought. "There you go," she smiled and gave him a slight kiss on his nose.

"What?" he said perplexed.

"You're as good as new," she laughed at him. "But stay away from spikes in the next few days. Oh, and you better take these tablets for the infection risk. In fact, I want you to take some right now," she said as she turned to grab a glass of water, before she handed him both the pills and the water.

He just stared at her. Dumbfounded as he sat back in his chair. "I'm not a child," he growled suddenly. 

"I think I have noticed that already," Eva replied. "Now, take the pills or I suspect you will probably just throw them away." 

"Will I get a reward then?"

"You already got one."

"What? You mean that peck on my nose was meant to be a reward?"

"Of course. Aren't you satisfied with that?"

He gulped down the pills. "No, I'm not," he stated before grabbing her hands and dragging her to him in a quick motion that made her lose her balance. 

She would have fallen if he hadn't grabbed her and placed her on his lap, just as his mouth covered hers in a hard kiss. She felt her lips tingling as he devoured her mouth, making her squirm by the sheer energy that was moving through her body. Her breath catching as she let herself be led by him as he carefully nibbled at her lower lip, teasing her to hold on tighter to him. 

Sensing her hunger, he covered her lips again and kissed her hard as if demanding her ultimate surrender to his prowess. Her body felt like jelly and she clung to him, not wanting to stop and the thought of giving herself to this man was becoming an all increasing demand from her body. She lifted her lips slightly away from his and gasped as air was finally filling her lungs again. 

At the same time, he placed his hands around her hips and lifted her up as he rose himself into a standing position. Making sure she could stand on her own two feet, he slowly released her from his grip. She was staring at him, spellbound, as he covered his body with his suit again.

"Now, that's what I call a proper reward," he said and winked at her, before he walked out of the room, whistling as he walked away from her.

Oh my god, Eva thought as she tried to collect herself again. Her hands going to her lips and feeling the tingling still there as if her body still remembered what his lips felt like. She felt flustered and warm all over. Agitation streaming in her veins and need – pure and irritating - need pounded through her system. 

He had played her, and played her well, that was for sure. And she hadn't even seen it coming. That had to be it. If she had been prepared, he wouldn't have had this effect on her, she tried to convince herself. Oh well, the game wasn't over yet. Only, she needed a cold shower and a long masturbation session before she would return to be herself again.