 Master Kane received an instant message from the Intelligence Service. Oliver looked at him as a deep frown formed on his forehead.

"Interesting news, Master Kane?" Oliver asked the older man.

"Very," Master Kane answered in a distant tone as if his mind was focused on something else entirely. "Get Captain Taylor up here immediately," he suddenly ordered. "He needs to hear this."

Oliver ran to collect the tired looking Captain from their prisoner's cell. He chuckled as he saw the dark rings around the Captain's eyes.

"Hard work?"

"Don't ask or I'm handing the job over to you instead," Morgan snarled at him.

"Anytime," Oliver laughed. "Judging by the sounds it seems you're enjoying the task immensely."

Morgan only grumbled something unintelligible.

***

"Any news?" Morgan asked Master Kane as soon as they were left alone in Kane's cabin. "And what's all this secrecy about. If the danger is imminent I want my men to know about it."

"It's nothing like that," Master Kane intervened. "I've just received some interesting news about our captive."

Morgan sank down into a chair. "What about her?"

"She's not who she seems to be, for one."

"She's still a spy."

"Yes, but not only that."

"Huh? What else then?" Morgan was perplexed. 

"Her name is not Eva Kendrick, but Eva Kelley."

Morgan just shook his head. "And what does that mean?"

"Does the name Jack Kelley sound familiar?"

"Of course," Morgan breathed out as comprehension hit him. "The suspected criminal. I heard he hung out with the rebels." 

"And he's possibly the Rebel's leader, if my information is correct," Master Kane added.

"Their leader? And Eva is a relation of his?"

"His sister."

"What? I'm fucking the sister of Mr Rebel himself? No wonder she's a tough nail."

"Yes, it runs in the family it seems. But..." Master Kane hesitated for a while. His face looking somewhat perplex in Morgan's point of view. "There is something else you should know."

"Yes?"

"Eva Kelley is also your mate."

"What? That cannot be. She's an enemy. How can she be my mate?"

"Well, I'm not sure, but the star seers are sure about it. You were born for each other, making her the most compatible woman you can find."

"No, I don't believe that. I can't mate with her. It's not possible."

"Oh, I think the last few days have proven you're very compatible at least in one aspect."

"That's not the point," Morgan growled between clenched teeth. "I don't want her. She's just a means to an end to discover information."

"And what would she be if she was eliminated from the fight? When mated she would be your property and she would not have the opportunity to wreak any more havoc."

"She can't be trusted," Morgan said angrily. "She could always sneak a peek at my papers, and run to this brother of hers with information he's not supposed to have."

"Not if she was kept too busy with other matters," Master Kane said and winked knowingly.

"You mean..."

"Yes. As a mated woman she would have enough with answering to your every demand, locked up in your house and being a slave to your body. A lifelong prison as some would call it. What better way to contain her? Besides, we can't afford to kill a woman. Spy or no spy. We haven't got enough women as it is, and we can't kidnap all of them from earth, can we? That would be too conspicuous." 

"So I have to choose between no mate and a mate that is my enemy? A woman I would have to watch over every minute of the day?"

"Or you can have some of your men watch over her when you're not around. I think it's more a question of: do you want the woman or not? Do you not feel drawn to her body already? That is what a true mate will do to you, and the feeling will increase over time."

"I need to think about it." Morgan turned to leave as Master Kane interrupted him.

"Just let me know when you decide that you want her," he chuckled. "But I think we can skip the preparation period though."

"Why?"

"Since you've already given her plenty of orgasm there's really no point in having three days of abstinence, is there?"

"Probably not," Morgan replied as he exited the cabin and returned to his own. He needed to think before he had to face his mate and enemy again.

***

A few hours later he came to her. His face one of intense concentration and determination. This didn't bode well, she thought as she prepared to bolt from the room. She held the sheet she had tied around her body in a tighter grip. He must have noticed her expression as he closed the door behind him with a loud bang.

"Who are you really?"

"Are you having difficulties with your memory, Morgan? I'm your new navigator, remember?" she teased him.

"No, you're not. You're the new spy."

"Tsk, tsk, details, details." She noticed his face was darkening.

"Details? You think it's a detail that your information leads to someone's death?"

"Now you're really being unfair here. I'm just doing my job as a navigator, and I've never done any spying."

"You're still lying to me," he accused her. "I have proof."

"Proof of what? Have you caught me doing anything illegal against you or anyone else of your crew?" she asked angrily. "Have you?"

Morgan just glared at her. It was circumstantial evidence, he knew that, but he also knew that everything pointed toward her. It had to be her. He couldn't afford to have doubts even though she sounded sincere.

"No, you haven't any real proof," she concluded. "All I have done is to be attracted to you and enjoy your body. Now, is that so wrong?"

"You're trying to blame me? You attacked me, remember? While you were rummaging through my room. Attracted, no way. You only wanted to doze my brain so I wouldn't suspect you, that's what you did."

"Poor Morgan. You don't think a woman like me could want you for your body then?"

"Prove it, then."

She stared at him. What sort of trick was he up to? He was up to something, she was sure of it, but what? Even so, she had no other choice but to play along. Play along until she had an opportunity to get away. From him and the rest of their enemies. 

Her enemy. Was that all he would ever be to her? No, it couldn't be. She would never be able to look at him and hate him. He was so much more that just a soldier from the other side of the conflict. She shook the thoughts away. It was better not to think of what lay ahead. She just wanted to live here and now and not think about tomorrow.

She dropped the sheet draping her naked body. He stood still. Looking at her. His eyes widening and roaming all over her body. She could see his eyes flaring with want -- and need -- and felt her own body respond in kind. Her pussy feeling hot and wet all of a sudden, and naked needs pouring through her body. She stepped over to him and reached for his skin suit. Removing it slowly from his body, he followed her silent directions and helped her undress him. All the time he was following her every move with his warm gaze before settling his eyes on her erect nipples.

He bent down and sucked her left nipple into his mouth and kissed her hard. Heat emerged through her in a sudden stroke and she held on to his shoulders as he continued kissing her. He ventured onward to her other breast and treated it the same way. She felt as if all of her nerve strings were directed from her breasts out to every other part of her body and she felt dazed. She moaned as he slightly bit her nipple. 

"Stop that," she murmured.

"You don't like it? Trust me. You will beg me to repeat it later on."

"I doubt it."

He lifted her up and she squealed in delight. Worried that he would drop her and feeling giddy over the fact that he could carry her so effortlessly. It made her feel so small and womanly, a feeling she hadn't felt in years. Not since she became the female military she had turned into so many years ago. She felt tears starting to form by the thought of what she might have missed. What she still was unlikely to have: a normal life with a man that loved her.

She shook her head. It was no use thinking about it right now. Now was the time to enjoy Morgan and his well muscled body, before she had to leave him forever. She wanted to enjoy every minute of the time they had left.

He seemed to have similar ideas as he lay down beside her and started licking and kissing her breasts. She gasped as her body heated to his touch and she let herself enjoy his ministrations. Trying to collect herself and taking the lead, she raised her body and tried to get on top of Morgan. He laid a hand on her stomach and pushed her down again.

"No, allow me," he murmured before he continued kissing his way from her breast and across her stomach.

"Morgan, what are you doing?" she wondered aloud, before she got her answer as he spread her legs and placed himself between them. She tried to get away again, but he held her tightly.

"No, let me pleasure you," he smiled at her.

What was going on here, she wondered before she felt him kissing her pussy and spreading her thighs further apart. Her cunt was completely revealed to him and she looked down to see him watch her closely. She had never felt this exposed before. He looked so mesmerized it seemed he was trying to memorize every part of her body. How strange. And how dangerous, she thought as she closed her eyes to the tenderness portrayed in his eyes. This tender lover was so much harder to resist than the skilful interrogator he had portrayed earlier.

He tongued her clit and she screamed with joy.

"Look at me," he ordered her. She could not help but to obey him. She leaned her upper body on her elbows and met his eyes. He moved his hands under her bottom, lifting her nearer to him. He blew cold air at her clit and she shuddered as a feeling of naked want poured through her. She arched her back, trying to entice him closer to her cunt - wanting him to end the torture he was putting her through.

"Morgan," she groaned. 

"Any requests?" he smiled at her.

"Just... just do something."

He laughed heartily and the sound made her more suspicious than ever. What was he doing to her? He acted as if they were more than lovers - that she meant something to him. But that couldn't be. Could he be that cruel? That good an actor?

He glided his tongue over her clit, circling the tip slowly and warmly around her pleasure point. She felt like screaming for him to get on with it. Still, her pride made her hold back the words. He was up to something. She could tell. And she didn't want to give him the pleasure of watching her beg. Not this time. Instead she tried to reach for him, but he grabbed her hands and held them along her body.

"No need for that, honey," he murmured as he pushed his tongue against her cunt. 

She gasped as she felt the moistness gathering in answer to his touch. He made a slurping sound, telling her more clearly than words that he had discovered her weakness -- discovered how much she wanted him inside of her. She felt pussy getting moist again. Suddenly he let go of her hands and she felt him slowly push a finger inside of her. Immediately she tightened around him, following his every lead and trying to take him as far inside as she could.

"More, darling?"

"Yes," she groaned. Her entire body felt like it was convulsed in flames and heated so much she could barely think past her getting the pleasure that she wanted. Her wish was granted just the same as Morgan pushed another finger inside of her wet cunt and started fucking her slowly -- in and out, as she tried to tighten her muscles around his fingers. Moaning her pleasure, she spread her legs further just before she felt his tongue on her clit again. The combined pleasure of having both her cunt filled and her clit massaged was almost killing her and she screamed out her joy as her body started to shake with lust.

"Morgan," she screamed. "Oh my god, Morgan." He answered by kissing her clit and she placed her hands on his cheeks holding her to him as she lifted her hips to his face -- trying hard to push herself over the edge he had led her to.

She felt herself getting closer and closer to the bliss that would soon ripple through her. She gazed at him, trying to plaster him on her brain, knowing she would never forget him for as long as she lived. She felt her entire body heating up as she prepared to fuck herself on his fingers a few more times before she plummeted into the orgasm that she sought.

Suddenly, Morgan lifted his mouth away from her clit. His fingers had stilled their movements and were embedded deep inside of her body.

"Morgan," she pleaded. "Don't stop."

"Tell me about your brother," he asked her suddenly. He was breathing hard. She moaned as she arched her body, trying to create the motion she needed to orgasm.

"What brother? I don't have a brother," she finally gasped as he bent down and continued lapping at her hungry flesh.

"Where is he?" Morgan asked as he stopped tonguing her.

"I don't know," she ground out. Her body screaming for release and her mind starting to fog over. Why did he waste time by asking her all these questions?

"Oh, I think you do," he murmured as he removed his fingers from her pussy. She screamed in frustration. He answered by pinching her right nipple. She screamed again as pleasure poured through her and gathered in her cunt. It couldn't be, she thought. She couldn't find any pleasure in pain, but as he pinched her again she felt her body ready to explode with release.

"Where is he?" Morgan prodded again at the same as he moved up her body and aimed his cock at her pussy. 

She reached out her arms to him and as he plunged inside of her in one deep plunge she screamed out. "Ziota". 

Immediately she went over the edge and screamed out her joy as her body convulsed into a hard release. She held on tightly to Morgan as he plunged and withdrew a few more times before emptying his seed inside of her welcoming body with a satisfied moan. He sank down on top of her, barely holding his weight on his elbows while breathing hard.

Finally he lifted his head and looked her straight in the eyes. 

"You are mine, Eva Kelley," he groaned out as soon as he caught his breath again. "All mine."

Her fogged mind barely registered what he was saying. Only registered his domineering tone and the look of ownership in his eyes. He looked so sure of himself. As if he thought he had tamed her into doing his bidding just by giving her pleasure.

Suddenly it dawned on her what he had said. How could he know her real name? It had to be a mistake. She couldn't have heard him correctly.

"My name is Kendrick," she said. "Eva Kendrick."

He chuckled. "Liar," he smiled at her. "I know exactly who you are. There's no use denying it anymore."

"What are you talking about? Are you sure that orgasm didn't evaporate your brain, Morgan? Maybe you should stop coming so hard," she said teasingly as she tried to push him away from her body. He seemed so strange suddenly. The look of ownership in his eyes made her feel insecure. He was up to something and she didn't understand what it was. Only that she would probably not like it.

He stayed still, his cock still embedded in her warmth. Slowly he lifted himself onto his elbows but that only resulted in pushing his cock further inside of her body. She felt him harden again. "So soon?" she wondered as she lifted her eyebrows in surprise and looked at him. His eyes glazed over and he slowly moved inside of her, as if testing the territory and locating the pleasure they had just shared.

Suddenly he opened his eyes and stared at her. She was spellbound by the intensity in his gaze. What now, she managed to think before he reached for her hands and quickly lifted them over her head, holding the tightly and preventing her from moving.

She stared at him in shock. The tender lover had suddenly turned into a domineering man. His expression was portraying a strange intensity, as if he wanted to own her -- body and soul. She felt open and vulnerable and more female than she had ever done before. She didn't like the feeling at all. Collecting her strength, she let herself relax in his arms. It was no use in letting him think he could scare her into submission. She would try to beat him at his own game and not let him believe that he had some sort of hold on her.

Arching her back she presented her breasts to him. Her nipples had tightened and were practically begging him to kiss them. Spreading her legs a little, she wrapped them around his backside and dragged him closer to her in a sudden push. She felt his hardened cock filling her up one more time as they groaned in unison at the welcoming feeling.

"You were saying, Morgan?" she prodded him.

"Vixen," he groaned before he retreated and plunged inside of her in one fluid motion. "I know exactly who you are and why you are trying to fog my mind," he stated as he continued fucking her in a series of leisure movements.

She arched her back again, allowing him even further inside of her body at the same time as she tightened around him. It felt so good she wanted to keep him there forever. She wanted him to let go off her arms so she could cling to him, but he still held them tightly over her head. All she could do was let him do the work as she followed his every move with her pelvis. She felt strangely elated by the restraint that prevented her from moving freely. Maybe she was into bondage after all, she chuckled.

"What's so funny?" he wondered as he plunged hard inside of her.

"Oh my," she gasped out. Recollecting herself she responded. "Bondage doesn't seem so bad after all," she groaned out.

"Ah, you want more, is that it?" he watched her closely as she nodded, her eyes closing to the pleasure surging through her. "Open your eyes!" he ordered. She didn't want to. She was worried that her feelings would be revealed to him.

Suddenly he stopped moving. She opened her eyes to see what was wrong.

"Good. Now keep them open," he commanded as he plunged inside of her again, his eyes locked on hers all the time. "You're mine, Eva Kelley," he said. Repeating his former statement and revealing to her that she had heard him correctly the first time. He did actually know her real name. How was that possible, she wondered as her eyes opened even more before she could hide her reaction?

"Nothing to say, darling? Well then, my sweet little spy of a rebel's sister..." She gasped as she heard him reveal her secret. He used the pause to take her even further, aiming his cock directly at her pleasure point, making her gasp from the naked want pouring through her, letting her forget what he had just revealed. She tightened around him and felt herself falling over the edge -- to oblivion -- to someplace where they weren't enemies and where she didn't have to hide her emotions. She tightened one last time and prepared to plummet into the unknown as he kissed her hard on the mouth. She looked up at him as he lifted his lips away from her own.

"My mate," he groaned as he plunged inside of her one last time, driving her over the edge with him as they both screamed out their pleasure. Her body was shaking as he drove himself to her bottom, pouring every drop of his life-force into her body. She panted and tried to regain herself. Tried to remember if he had said anything vital. What had it been?

"My mate," Morgan murmured as he fell down beside of her, dragging her close to him so her head was resting on his arm.

The shock of his revelation was troubling her. No! Fate couldn't be that cruel. They couldn't be mates. As soon as she had the chance she would escape him and return to own people. She couldn't be tied to him for the rest of her life.

"You're joking, aren't you?" she asked in what she hoped was a casual tone.

"Never," Morgan replied glumly.
