 Most don't know about it, and the few who do keep it a closely guarded secret, but most people would be surprised to learn that deep in the heart of our somewhat prudish, overly conservative, and far too holier-than-though bible belt sits a sticky-sweet little slice of heaven where the most depraved and delicious are commonplace. Here, there are few taboos or sexual hang-ups, and the sweet nectar of the most carnal delights is savored by those who call it home.

Sutter's has always been shut off from the outside world. Deep in the heart of the south, with just one road leading in and out of town, the rustic little village has grown and prospered since it's founding way back during the days of western expansion.

The most widely believed rumor of just how the town got its start has to do with a gorgeous little Indian princess meeting a buxom European settler. The two women couldn't speak one another's languages, but when the settler began to build her homestead on Indian land and the princess was sent to greet her, the pair came across an ancient spring that contained the very essence of mother nature herself. As they sat by the waters edge, drinking of it's cool nourishment, their bodies began to change. The wilderness around them grew lush and thick to prevent anyone from coming across the two women, and as they tasted of one another's lips the most intimate parts of their bodies began to evolve into something far more than was normal in the outside world. Together they became the first futas, and shedding their clothes in the warmth of the mid day sun they beheld one another's swollen woman-cocks and fell upon each another in the most pure and perfect of ass-fucking love. Of course it's just a legend, or so they say.

However the town came to be, it grew all the same, but even as it did there was always a sense of keeping it secret from the outside world. Outsiders who didn't quite fit in with a certain open mindedness that the locals shared were politely encouraged not to move there, the forests that surrounded the area were allowed to grow lush and impossible to navigate, and in later years the local sheriff and her deputies even began to patrol the one road that led in and out of their own paradise, warning strangers away and letting only those who were more desirable into the area. Due to a rather sizable contribution to the government, there was even a no fly zone set in place to protect the secrets of those who called it their home.

Even as secret as it was, Sutters Hollow, the uncontested capital of CuddlePucker county was bound to grow and flourish. Just up the road, not far from the town itself and tucked away in it's own little corner of paradise, sat MilkTitty Farms, a cozy little privately owned company that produced certain products derived from the sweet nectar freely given by it's cattle, the two legged, human-like bull girls that it housed and cared for. Milktitty Farms 'Bull Butter' has since found itself introduced into choice markets in the outside world, though its location and the secret of its delicious treasures have been kept secret from the mainstream.

Another of Sutter Hollow's hidden Gems is that of the cozy little campus of St. Antonia's School for girls, a college that provides a wide variety of two and four year programs, with studies on many topics provided by some of the finest schools in the world. St. Antonia's is run by a small group of Somewhat reformed Catholic nuns; all of whom are futa themselves, and who follow a very loose doctrine of their own beliefs. While they believe in good and evil, and follow many of the same lessons learned in the good book, the nuns of St. Antonia's believe that mother nature is in fact a goddess herself, and that carnal desires are to be openly explored and cherished. In their version of the garden of Eden, Adam was a bore, Eve was incredibly horny, and Lilith (Adams first wife) was a beautiful raven haired futa who lured Eve into the bushes and fucked her pink little ass into a state of mind altering bliss. Adam found out of course, and took Eve as far away from Eden as possible, but Eve often told her daughters about the pleasures she'd found in Lilith's embrace, and so some returned to partake of the throbbing serpent themselves.

It should be mentioned that besides those particularly yummy genetic differences that separate Sutter's Hollow from the outside world, there are some that are even more difficult to explain without entering into the world of magic or mysticism. Besides the lovely Bull Girls of MilkTitty Farms, other animals from time to time have been known to take on much more human traits. Curvaceous bunny girls roam the forests, along with fawns, foxes, and all manner of lovely wild things. Whether it is due to mother natures design, or genetic science is unclear, but the number of two legged walking, and even talking animals has grown along with the town itself since it's founding. Even the local livestock have undergone some significant changes that seem only true of those that live in the area. Male horses and bulls in particular are almost affectionate where in the outside world they might be more territorial, which makes their care and handling much easier, and oftentimes a far more pleasurable experience indeed.

Besides the various products produced at MilkTitty Farms, other home grown goods are produced in CuddlePucker County. Fabrics shorn from the soft and curvy bodies of adorable sheep girls and woven into a form of cotton that is far softer than any other produced worldwide. Fruits and vegetables that are much sweeter and larger when grown in local soil than any other place, are exported at a very impressive profit. By far the most popular product produced in CuddlePucker county however, Is protein. Cum; sweet delicious CuddlePucker county cum milked from the heavy cocks of local farmers Horses and Bulls is by far one of the most potent forms of protein found on planet earth, and though it is often listed by a different name when exported, for obvious reasons, it can be found in popular health drinks, snacks, and all manner of consumable foods worldwide. In CuddlePucker County however, as you might have guessed, jugs of the hot cream can be purchased strait from the source.

In such an openly sexual place as Sutter's Hollow and its surrounding areas, and with such a large percentage of locals who are more than willing to spend their days fucking and sucking the hours away without a care in the world, it's necessary for some rules to be set in place, and laws upheld. This Task falls to the Sutter's Hollow Sheriff's department, who are responsible for keeping the county relatively PG rated, at least on it's surface. Rules that enforce no explicit public sexual displays, save for those places that such activities are permitted, are a way of maintaining public order and keeping the town from degenerating into a new age Sodom and Gomorrah. There are no guns in Sutter's Hollow, since there is nearly no violence. There are no robberies, since most everyone shares what they have with everyone else. There are no illicit drugs, no one goes hungry, and save for the occasional rear ending, (Sorry. Couldn't resist.) no traffic violations either. Still, for what few misunderstandings there are, and as previously stated, for the protection of the town itself from the outside world, the Sheriffs department is on call to see to safeguard the town and the locals all the same.

And so there you have it. Nestled away in the deep south, surrounded by a dense forest filled with adorable animals girls, and thriving on the most wonderfully depraved and delicious sexual treats, sits a futa paradise. Here beautiful women with big swollen cocks, dripping pussied honies that can't get enough, and even the occasional particularly open minded well hung stud live and thrive in a place where sex can be both depraved and intimate, where fucking your neighbor is as commonplace as polite conversation, and where warm bellies full of steaming hot cum are shared by all. This is Sutter's Hollow, and if you ache to sink your throbbing cock into something warm, sweet, and tight, you'll fit right in.