 This is the continuation of Ch.1 of my partly fictional story about a group of survivors in a zombie apocalypse. If you have not read the first part, I suggest you do before reading this one, enjoy!

I remember being wet and naked and a loud alarm that made everybody panic. When we ran outside the showers, zombies had taken one door down. Everybody was defending themselves. There was a stench that filled the whole gym that for a short time was our sanctuary and was now invaded. 

"Lei!" I pulled her back by her shoulders and kicked the zombie down. 

I pulled her away. She was in shock, I bet she didn't even notice she was still bare naked and delicious in the middle of the flying guts. Quickly, I grabbed somebody's bag and searched for clothes, I found a big shirt and handed it to her. 

"Lei! Dammit! Wake the fuck up, I can't lose you right now", she wouldn't take the shirt so I put it on her, she smelled so clean and I couldn't help but kiss her. 

I found some pants and after making sure no zombies were around my puertorican goddess I had to find a weapon. Looked around my stash and all I could find was some tape, a screwdriver, and a golf club. 

The alarms finally shut off and somewhere buried in the pool of sounds between grunts, screams, moans, the gore and the beheading, Lu's voice was calling out to Lei.

"Dad's been looking all over for you! Are you okay?" Lu.

Crying, Lei hugged her sister and they both went towards their dad. "I'm okay, I am so glad nothing bad happened to you guys, I froze for a minute there, and I let my guard down, I'm so sorry." Mr. Soto wiped off Lei's tears. 

"Where were you?" Mr. Soto was concerned and at the same time doubtful of her whereabouts. 

Before she could answer, though she wouldn't have been able to say anything anyways, they were interrupted by the other members of their group. 

I was constantly looking at Lei and all around her, making sure she was safe from a distance, while I secured the doors with the rest of the guys. 

Mr. Soto seemed to have everything under control. He commanded everybody to go back to sleep except for some of the guys to keep watch, I volunteered. "We only have a few more hours of rest! Those of you that need to wash off, go ahead, don't waste any time. As for the rest, go back to sleep, we are all okay now."... Or so he thought. 

After everybody washed up, and went back to bed on their sleeping bags, all I could stare as was Lei, the long shirt fit her just fine. Even though her long wet hair was covering her breasts, I could make out her nipples thanks to the wetness through her white shirt. Only I knew, that she wasn't wearing any panties either. 

She laid her sleeping bag next to her sister. I wanted to go talk to her so bad and see how she was holding up but maybe it was better this way, I should give her some space. Everything went quiet, and for now everything was eerily peaceful. 

I sat down on the floor with my back to the door, so that my weight could prevent any other zombies that came our way. It was like a petite alley, dark and cozy. I could see everybody sleeping from my angle, but if they looked at me, they would only be able to make out my shape. 

It was so hard trying to stay awake, for a few seconds I drifted off, I was still shirtless, wearing only a pair of what could've once been a swimsuit. I didn't mind, the nights were hot in here anyways. I started thinking of what had happened in the shower and kept enjoying it in my head every time, I had such a hard on that I had to do something about it. 

These pants had no zipper or anything, so I just pulled them down a bit and started jerking off, I wish I didn't have to but the yummy things that happened would not stop torturing me. Nobody could see me anyways.

Although, I could definitely see Lei's curvaceous silhouette. I could make out her shape perfectly and fortunately for me, her shirt was riding up and I could see half of her ass hanging out. Every time she moved around in her sleep, I could enjoy the view even more. I was so tired though, I fell asleep with my cock in hand. 

I'm not sure how many minutes or hours passed. 

I was having a fucking awesome dream of things I wish I could do to Lei. It was so good, I felt the tip of my dick get wet and then I woke up. 

When I opened up my eyes, I gasped and couldn't believe it, Lei had her mouth on my dick! She looked up at me and smiled. "I told you it was my turn", oh she looked so beautiful. 

She licked all over, sucked the sides and massaged my balls. She took her sweet time getting to the head, slowly teasing me. I couldn't take it anymore.

I grabbed her long hair and twisted it around my hand for a better hold and made her take it all. Throat deep. She pushed me away and told me to take it easy but she was laughing at the same time.

"To take it easy?" I couldn't believe her cojones. "Come here", I demanded this time and I would make her mine right here and right now.

I pulled her on top on me, and guided my dick to the warm entrance of her piece of heaven. "Do you want this?"

She didn't say anything. She lifted her shirt and lowered her hips, accommodating my dick inside her in one slow sensual hip thrust. 

Moving up and down, little jumps of joy and those beautiful titties bouncing. Hard nipples I was biting through the shirt, so good! 

Nobody could see us, it was almost morning but it was still dark. In our little alley. Sweaty bodies. I laid yer back while I accommodated to start some good ol' missionary but instead she got on all fours. "Pound me, don't be kind", she whispered in the most sensual tone of voice. We had to be quiet or someone would notice. I didn't hesitate. 

Pushed all of my member in her warm pool of heaven, pussy lips so tight grinding back against my cock. I held her by the hips and had no mercy. She had to bite down on part of her shirt to prevent from making any noise. I could feel her cumming. Could feel hot liquid dripping down my balls. 

She turned around and kissed me. Then went back to her sleeping back, thank God nobody saw her. 

*****

Another group of survivors, also looking for refuge, decided to check out the gymnasium. They left their car a few miles away so they could sneak in and out without attracting unwanted attention. There was Maya, long and thick brown hair, fit from all her years of swimming, and David, black hair, tall and blue eyes. They were going to get married before this all went down. 

The day that they went to shop for their wedding cake, all they found was half a body and the prettiest white cake splashed with dark blood and an angry or well... Hungry chef. 

When they finally reached an entrance, it was locked and the sun was coming out. 

"Shouldn't we knock, just in case?", Maya told David. 

David almost got to knock...

*****

"Wake up everybody! Come on, let's get moving! Bathrooms, eat, and load up the cars." Mr. Soto was determined to get us out of here in 20 minutes or less.

When everything was set, we reunited by the doors and when everybody was present, we opened up the doors. 

Only to get blood splattered in our clothes.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Oh my God! David!" Maya was crying hysterically with blood and brain slushy on her hair. 

David had no head anymore.

"I'm... I'm sorry" Mr. Soto walked away.

"Come back here you motherfucker!" Maya was about to jump and kill him when out of nowhere, a zombie grabs her leg and pulls her. Jack kicked the zombie off of her, and they locked the doors again. 

"Thank you", Maya. 

"You're welcome", Jack was still holding Maya tightly against his body. 

At this moment, Lei realized that the zombies were not the only thing she had to worry about.