 A few days later the world seemed to have tipped upside down, Morgan thought. Jack Kelley and some of his most trusted men had been released and had now long meetings with Connor, Master Kane and some of the council members. Rumours had it that the rebels dictated several reforms that would be put into action soon, and more rebels were released on a daily basis. The streets were full of happy people, laughing and celebrating the recent turn of events. 

Even the bar that Morgan usually frequented was now filled with former rebels and soldiers celebrating together. The noise had forced Morgan to seek the quietude of his rooms at the palace. The only problem was that the rooms reminded him too much of Eva but he vowed that another bottle of liquor would take care of that.

Suddenly, someone banged loudly on his door.

"Go away!" Morgan shouted before returning to emptying his bottle. He heard a key being inserted in the keyhole and the door was pushed open.

"Ah, here you are, Morgan. Hiding, as usual?"

"Go away, Connor," Morgan snarled without turning toward his friend.

"Sure, but first we have a present for you." 

Morgan turned around slowly, making sure his head wasn't spinning.

"What present?" At the same moment he recognised Jack Kelley coming through the door, carrying a bundle was over his shoulder. A bundle that was screaming and kicking at the same time.

"I'm going to kill you for this, Jack. Put me down!" Eva shouted loudly.

"Very soon, I will," Jack replied smilingly, before dumping her on Morgan's bed. Then he turned to Morgan and his smile disappeared immediately. "Treat her well, Taylor, or you will answer to me," he threatened.

"I thought I had renounced her?" Morgan said blurrily as he pointed to the woman on his bed.

"The petition was rejected," Connor intervened.

"On what grounds?"

"I can't remember," Connor said smilingly. "Can you, Kelley?"

"I believe Master Kane said 'lack of grounds', Governor," Jack Kelley smiled broadly.

"For god's sake, Jack," Eva shouted at her brother. "You can't leave me here with him. He tried to kill me, remember?"

"But he didn't," Connor replied smilingly. "Maybe you should ask him why he let you go without a scratch, sis?"

"What's going on here?" Morgan interrupted, feeling more sober than he had in days.

"We've reached a peace agreement. We suggest you two do the same," Connor smiled before both he and his new friend walked out the door and locked it behind them. Morgan could hear them barring the door from the outside locking him firmly inside with the woman he had never wanted to meet again.

Eva ran up to the door and started pounding her hands into it. "Damn it, Jack. How can you do this to me? Let me out of here!" 

Morgan moaned as her screaming felt as if it was puncturing his brain.

"Not before you make some other types of screams, sis," Jack teased from the other side of the door. "But we can always find you both a vacant cell if the surroundings don't appeal to your sexual urges." 

They heard several men laugh at Jack's statement, before the sound gradually faded as the men walked away from the door.

"I can't believe I share the same parents with that lackwit," Eva cursed as she walked around the room in search for a way out, or probably a weapon that she could kill him with. 

Morgan almost laughed as he remembered how Connor had searched his room the day before and removed any weapons in sight. He would remember to thank him later on -- unless Eva decided to snap his head off with that tongue of hers.

"The least you could do is giving me a hand," Eva said angrily as she gave his bottle a telltale look.

"Help with what?" Morgan drawled as he leaned back in his chair, enjoying the look of her body in that tight skin suit of hers. Thanks to Connor and Jack Kelley he couldn't get rid of her anytime soon, he might as well enjoy the view, he thought. As long as he didn't get caught in her web again. But this time he knew what she was like.

"Help with getting out of here, of course."

"Speak for yourself. These are my rooms remember? You're the intruder."

"So you're not going to help me, is that it?"

"Nope," Morgan grabbed his bottle and drank a large sip as he tried his best to ignore the irate woman before him. 

"You mean you will only sit there and drink your brains out?"

"That was my idea, yes. And if you'll stop jabbering I might do so in peace and quietude as I planned."

"Ha, so you're sulking then?"

"No, I'm not. I just have some spare time on my hand now that there are no more rebels to catch."

"In other words 'sulking'."

"Call it whatever you like as long as you leave me alone."

"No, I won't leave you alone. I think it's about time that you explained a few things to me."

"Like what?"

"Like why you tried to kill me and didn't?"

"Why don't you tell me why you betrayed me?" Morgan snarled at her.

"I have an obligation to my people." 

"They are rebels."

"So what? They are still my people and if I could give them information that would prevent them from being killed, I would have done anything in my power."

"Even betraying your own mate?"

"Yes, I would. I have lived with them all my life. How was I supposed to know I had a mate in the enemy camp?"

"I don't understand you," Morgan stated as he ran his fingers through his hair. "How can you accept a mission that demands that you prostitute yourself to a man you've never met in order to gain information?"

"Don't you judge me, Morgan," Eva answered icily as she wrapped her arms around herself and turned from him.

"What if the Captain had been someone you've loathed? Someone old or ugly, or even brutal. Would you still have seduced him?" Morgan prodded on, needing to know her inner thoughts and worrying what he might learn. 

"How can you ask me such a question? Do you really think I'm that ruthless?" she turned toward him. "I would have tried for one of the senior officers instead."

"You would voluntarily sell your body to the highest bidder, is that it?"

"You know as well as I do that I could have gotten the information by some small flirtation. I didn't have to fuck you. That was my choice whether you believe it or not, Morgan."

"Is that supposed to make me feel better?" Morgan growled. "To know that you fucked me because you wanted my body?"

"And what about your part in this, Morgan? Is it really tolerated that senior officers are fucking their navigators or is that only allowed when it's the Captain doing the fucking?" Morgan felt a slight blush emerge in his cheeks at her words. "Just admit that you enjoyed me just as I enjoyed you."

"All right, I did enjoy you," he finally admitted. "And then you tried to drug me and ran away."

"I can't say that was a success since you were tailing my every step. By the way, you never did tell me how you manage to evade the drugged wine."

"Ha, that was easy. I knew you were planning your escape and anticipated that you would try to drug me since I was the only one that could stop you."

"But I watched you all the time, and you saw you drink it."

"It was only pretence. I poured out the wine when you weren't watching."

"So you followed me all the way from the palace?"

"As close as I could, yes. I even thought you heard me once when you called out for Jack."

"Damn it. That was you? You really scared me out there. But why didn't you simply stop me as soon as I left the palace?"

"We wanted the rebels as well and we hoped you would lead us to their camp."

"We?"

"You didn't think I was alone out there, did you? I was tailing you and my men were tailing me. Unfortunately they lost me in the darkness, but that didn't stop them from following my trail once it was light enough."

"So that's why they attacked us in the afternoon. There were no DMO sensors involved at all?"

"Nope, that was just to make Jack and the rest of the rebels believe it was fruitless trying to escape. My men had surrounded the camp and just waited for my signal to attack."

"You were going to slaughter us all, weren't you?"

"No, I'd given orders that no one should be killed or seriously injured in the attack. Especially since there were women and children present in your camp."

"But you tried to kill me."

"When?"

"When your men attacked the camp and you tried to break my neck."

"Oh that. That was the only way to get Jack to surrender before any lives were lost."

"You mean you didn't intend to kill me?"

"Of course I didn't. If you believe that you don't know me very well," Morgan said irritatingly.

"How so?"

"Uhm, never mind," Morgan admitted as he looked at the bottle he was holding. The liquor was making him say more than he wanted. Maybe he ought to stop drinking until she was out of hearing distance.

Minutes passed as they seemed both to be lost in thoughts of the recent events. Finally, Eva seemed to be tired of the quietness and sent a longing glance at the door.

"How about if we moan loudly and scream once in a while? That should fool them, don't you think?" Eva asked wonderingly.

"Forget it. Most likely they would consider you crazy as hell."

"You're not going to cooperate then, are you?"

"In making grunts and moans hoping they'll let open the door? No way. You're on your own there." Morgan smiled. "Besides, it will take a lot more than a few moans to convince the guards on the other side of that door."

"You think so? Okay, that only leaves one alternative."

"What alternative?"

"I'll have to wait for you to go asleep and then I can start fucking you."

Morgan just gaped at her suggestion. He tried to ignore the sudden heat that flowed through his body and ended up in his groin, sending him signals about what a splendid idea that would be and preparing for a realisation of her idea. His cock hardened in response.

"Are you crazy?" he asked instead. "Some might even consider that to be rape."

"Oh, come on, Morgan. Don't be such a sissy now."

He just grunted in response as he took a large sip of his liquor. She would fuck him in his sleep? The woman was crazy if she thought he would come anywhere near her again. No, it was better to stay clear of both her and the temptation that she provided.

"Are you scared, then?"

"No, I'm not."

"Poor Morgan. Now you won't even dare to fall asleep as long as I'm here." 

"I'm not scared, I said," Morgan practically shouted at her.

"Prove it then."

"Huh?"

"Prove that you're not scared and remember what you promised when you mated me."

"What are you talking about?" Morgan's befuddled brain couldn't be working very well, he thought. Or was she actually demanding that he fucked her?

"Have you already forgotten that you promised to mate me well and often? Well, since you haven't touched me in quite a while I have some complaints about your abilities as a mate."

"Now look here, woman," Morgan snarled at her as he quickly rose from his chair and walked toward her with a menacing frown on his face. Eva looked as if she wanted to bolt but still she stood her stance.

"Instead you tried to renounce me? How could you, you bastard?"

"Ha, it's not as if you're innocent in all this," Morgan said angrily. "You used me."

"As you used me, remember? Just grow up and deal with it," Eva snarled at him.

"Oh, I'll deal with it all right," Morgan stated before grabbing her to him. She opened her mouth to protest, but he slammed his lips over hers and gave her a hard punishing kiss, trying to tempt her anger to evolve into something else.

***

Eva could have screamed with joy as Morgan finally showed some reaction to her prodding instead of simply sitting in his chair as composed and calm as ever. But what a reaction, she thought as she answered his kisses and felt his hands held her tightly. This was not the reaction of a man that didn't care, she smiled. 

She only hoped it was the right kind of caring and that he would not be satisfied with just her body. She wanted the whole thing and a mate that would love her forever, and with the latest stroke of luck it was finally a possibility that she dared dream about. They were no longer enemies, but could they become more than lovers? 

There was only one way to find out, she thought as she roamed her hands over Morgan's body, trying to feel his hardened body close to her own and take in every detail of him. Grinding her hips against him, she could feel his hardened cock gradually increasing as he pressed against her stomach. In elation she moved her right hand down his front and cupped his erection, following the outline of his hard flesh as she welcomed his answering hiss. He lifted his mouth from hers and gave up a loud moan as she continued stroking his hard cock.

"Damn, that feels so good," he murmured in that deep and sexy voice of his. 

She felt an answering tug in her lower regions and felt her panties moisten. She loved his voice and the way his eyes glazed over in pleasure as she continued to rub his most precious body part. How good it felt to be able to pleasure him with just the touch of her hand. To see happiness streaming from his face as he let all problems fade into the background. 

She lifted her head and started kissing his throat and chest as she squeezed his cock head a little harder. Immediately he leaned down and took her lips in another hard kiss, before roaming his tongue over the insides of her lips. She willingly opened up for him and felt the rush of heat pouring to her pussy as he pushed his tongue inside of her mouth as he held her tightly. 

Roaming his hands over her back, he settled them underneath her buttocks and lifted her up, rubbing his cock against her clit in a telltale manner. She wrapped her arms around his neck and held on tightly as she spread her legs wider, wrapping them around his waist and forcing his cock to rub harder against her clit. She moaned loudly as the movement was heating her body and making her long to get rid of the clothes and feeling his naked body against her own.

"I need to feel you, Morgan," she heard herself gasp.

"Yes," he groaned. "Yes, my darling." He turned them toward the bed and let her fall into it before following close behind. Not able to wait any longer, Eva started ripping away her own clothes, only concentrating on the urge to feel him against her naked skin, to share his warmth as he invaded her warm core. Morgan was just as impatient as he tore off the fabric covering her breasts before leaning over and kissing her left nipple. Sucking her slightly she felt every nerve-ending in her body respond to his touch and she arched her body closer to his.

"Oh god, Morgan. That is so good." As she spoke, he moved over to her other breast and sucked her nipple into his mouth. She folded her hands behind his head and held him to her. Finally, he released her and she breathed deeply as he shredded his own clothes in a couple of frantic movements, displaying the impatience he obviously felt in having her. She chuckled as she felt the same desperation in her own body and as he returned to the bed, she spread her legs widely and reached up her hands to him.

"Come, my lover," she murmured to him. He sent her a heated look but stood still before her, roaming his hungry eyes all over her body, from her head to her toes. The suddenly a glimpse of insecurity was pronounced on his face and she wondered what he was thinking.

"Are you sure, Eva?" he softly murmured to her. She smiled at him and she longed to wipe the insecurity from his face and get back the self-confident man she had met before. Maybe her betrayal had hurt him after all, although he had never revealed it to her. At least not as clearly as he did now.

"I'm very sure, Morgan. Please come inside of me," she begged him. She managed to roam her sultry eyes over his body and staring at the sheer size of his cock, before he came toward her and lay down between her legs. He moved over her and kissed her hard on the mouth, making her blush as the heat emerged through her body and she felt as she was starving for him to touch her more.

"Last chance, darling," he murmured as he kissed her cheek and moved down to her neck and shoulders, kissing his way over her heated skin.

"What?" she wondered dazedly as she roamed her hands over every portion of him that she could get her hands on, trying to discern what was taking him so long.

"Will you stay with me?" he suddenly asked.

"What are you talking about, Morgan?" Eva wondered as her brain was finally starting to function again. 

She wrapped her legs around his hips and tried to drag him closer to her, but he wouldn't budge. Instead, his face had a serious expression that boded ill for a quick fucking. Damn, he wanted to talk! Eva felt like screaming at him. Why couldn't he be like other men and just think with his cock? Especially when she was spread open and only waiting to have his hard shaft inside of her warm pussy. Waiting for him to douse the flames that were inside of her and the naked need that insisted that she did something to quench her thirst.

He held his hands on each sides of her head and held her gaze in his, looking at her with a tender expression that made her freeze inside. What now, she wondered.

"Will you stay with me, Eva?" he repeated. She felt instant panic erupt inside of her at the thought of her baring her feelings to him -- not knowing what he felt for her or if he simply tried to gain the upper hand in their relationship. Still, frightened by the thought of spending any more time separated from him now that she finally had a chance to come clean, she braced herself for declaring what she really felt. Should she dare it? She searched his expression for answers but her silence had made him harden his face and he looked tense as if he regretted his question. She plunged into it, before she managed to think any more.

"Yes, I'm staying with you." Suddenly his expression changed from tense to elation before he managed to control himself again. But she had seen the naked want portraying in his eyes and she felt more confident all of a sudden.

"Forever?" he said in such a casual tone that she knew the answer was important to him.

"What is this? Have you started your sexual interrogation again, Morgan?" she couldn't resist teasing him.

"What do you mean?"

"Oh come on. You're on the 'no answer, no cock' game again and it's really annoying," she teased him. "But I'm so desperate I'll answer your every question as long as you give me an inch for every answer."

"What?" he stared at her as if he couldn't believe what she was saying. She gave him a sultry smile, before moving her hand down his body and closing it around his cock, giving him a slight squeeze as if to explain her point. Morgan took a harsh breath while he looked spellbound. She directed his cock toward her sex lips, arching her hips in order to take him inside. 

"All right, one inch for every question," Morgan growled as he pushed the tip of his cock inside her cunt. "Now, answer my question."

Eva tried to concentrate as she felt his hard cock head inside of her. It felt so good to have him inside of her that she wanted to take the rest of him straight away. She tried to force him further inside but he held back, smiling at her obvious desperation. 

"Just answer me, darling, and you'll get what you want," he teased, and she grinded her teeth in frustration of suggesting such a stupid thing.

"Yes, I'll stay with you forever," she groaned out and let out a moan as he pushed another inch inside of her.

"Why?" 

"Because I like you." 

"Not good enough," Morgan held himself above her while teasingly lowering himself before retreating again.

"I enjoy your body," she groaned out and was rewarded another inch. 
