 SugarPucker Creek

If there was one name in all of Sutter's Hollow that was almost always linked with troublemaking and mischief, it was Bobbi-Jo Butters; just plain BJ to those who knew her well. Bobbi-Jo was a down home southern tom boy with short muss-cut dark brown hair, freckles in all the naughtiest of places, and big beautiful baby-blue doe-eyes that gave her a look of sugar sweet innocence that allowed her to get away with more than anybody had a right to. Despite her rough and tumble attitude and willingness to get down and dirty with the boys, there was no denying Bobbi-Jo's particularly alluring femininity.

At five foot six inches tall, Bobbi-Jo had a body that was borderline obscene. She often kept her enormous double H-cup melons tied up in an old checkered shirt that she'd lost the buttons to years ago, and her big beautiful derriere was on constant display in a collection of tiny blue-jean cut offs, Daisey dukes, and short shorts that left near nothing to the imagination. That, combined with the sizeable bulge of her great big futa cock and balls, always so deliciously stuffed in her bottoms, marked BJ as a wild girl; untamed, and always on the lookout for a nice raunchy fuckin. It was what made her who she was, and the cornerstone of her popularity as well. Bobbi-Jo was completely bisexual, utterly without sexual taboos, and all but insatiable when it came to all the ooey gooey treats Sutter's Hollow had to offer.

One of Bobbi-Jo's favorite pastimes, which didn't include big throbbing cocks or pink little holes, was skinny dipping in a small creek just outside of town. Tucked away behind the old Sutter Hollow saw mill, the place had been closed for years, and when she felt like getting naked and splashing around at the end of a long day, there was no place more perfect. Bobbi loved being bare assed outdoors, and the creek was a perfect place for her to lose herself in her own body and enjoy a little private time.

As she ducked through the old chain link fence surrounding the property, barefoot as usual and wearing a pair of denim bottoms that wouldn't even have qualified as a G-string, she found her way down the path to her favorite spot. She'd spent most of the day teasing pussy girls at school, getting scolded for skipping classes, and being chased out of the sissy boi's locker room for letting them take turns sucking on her big cock. She'd even made a stop by Big Billy's Autobody in town and pestered him until he'd lost his temper, shoving her over the fender of an old ford he'd been working on and shanking her pink little hole with his titan two-footer as her own dripping cock smacked against the side of the truck. She was more than a little sticky, and looking forward to getting clean, even if she just planned on getting dirty all over again.

Finally drawing near enough to hear the trickle of the creek, Bobbi stopped mid-step as she heard something she hadn't expected just ahead. She could make out humming, and the sounds of somebody already moving in the water of her very private little spot. At first she was angry, and felt more than a little upset that her secret place was being violated by some trespasser, but as she listened her anger began to subside. She didn't own the place after all, but she knew the spot better than anyone else, and so the thought of peaking on somebody without them knowing added a brand new thrill that she hadn't at first thought of.

Grinning her most wicked little grin, and careful not to make too much noise, Bobbi-Jo tip toed forward to get a look at who had invaded her spot. She knew just the place to get a good view from behind some berry bushes that overlooked the whole bend in the creek where the best swimming was, and so she made her way there to set up shop.

By the time Bobbi-Jo had found her spot the afternoon sun was just starting to set in the distance. There was a rosy glow that dominated the creek, and where the sun met the water it looked like diamonds scattered on glass. Right there among all that beauty, kneeling in the shallowest part of the stream; Bobbi-Jo laid eyes on the prettiest black girl she'd ever seen.

She was dark as molasses, with hair cut so short she was nearly bald save for a tiny bit of peach fuzz, and her young body was all curves; shimmering and wet as she sun kissed her skin in spots Bobbi-Jo imagined might feel particularly yummy under her tongue. Her titties were big as watermelons, with thick puffy nipples like pie plates, and her ass was like two chocolate beach balls smashed together into a perfect welcome mat for a big fat cock. Each of her gorgeous cheeks was settled onto the show white sole of a dainty little foot, just visible beneath the water. The girl had a tiny waist, a slight pooch to her tummy that looked absolutely lickable, and a face that was so sweet and innocent that it perfectly contrasted her body. She was just plain born for fucking, and if the rest of her hadn't been enough to bring a dribble of drool to Bobbi-Jo's chin, she had one more attribute that set her far and above any average everyday goddess fallen to earth. This little black beauty had the biggest, thickest, juiciest black girl-cock Bobbi-Jo had ever seen. She was just to fuckin pretty to be for real.

Bobbi could barely contain herself as she watched the ebony sex doll lounging in her private stream. Both the pretty black girl's hands slowly and sensually caressed the length of that incredible black cock and balls as she hummed to herself in the last rays of the setting sun. Her great big dick was completely hairless; with balls the size of ripe grapefruits, and a fat bulbous knob that was as big as an apple. It had to be an easy sixteen inches of wrist thick flesh that was so rock hard with desire that it looked fit to burst.

Unable to keep her hands off herself as she witnessed the midnight black temptress before her, Bobbi-Jo carefully unfastened her shorts and slid her hands inside. She tugged her heavy cock and balls out and took them in her hands, biting her lower lip as she began to rub her thumb over her leaking knob. She was already thick and bulging, but as she began to double fist her own dick, she felt her meat grow all the more as she witnessed the ebony girl handling herself.

After pumping her fat meat for a short while, the black beauty repositioned herself; her ass rising up out of the water just enough for the sunset to illuminate the crevice between her incredible cheeks. Bobbi's breath caught in her chest as she saw a puffy puckered ass-hole set on display, then two pair of hands reaching back to spread that gorgeous ass apart even more. As the naughty little black slut began to work her butt muscles, puckering and clenching her tiny little chocolate doughnut in order to feel the cool evening breeze on her opening, Bobbi-Jo began to rise to her feet.

It was hypnotic, watching that chocolate ass-cunt flexing invitingly just a few feet away from her, and in a sort of trance Bobbi-Jo wriggled out of her shorts, kicking them away as she stepped out from behind her berry bush and into the cool waters of the creek.

-

The first sign that she wasn't alone came when CeeCee Cotton felt a soft hand rest on her naked hip. She had been just about to slip her fingers into her own steaming little butt-pussy when she felt someone kneel behind her in the stream, and in a moment of shock she glanced back over her shoulder with wide eyed curiosity. What she saw was something out of a wet dream. Her first instinct had been to run, but the pretty little big tittied tom boy behind her was just too cute to believe. Instead, she craned her neck, glancing back over her shoulder and down along her back as best she could. When she saw a naked tummy, and bellow that the root of a big beautiful freckle dusted cock root, her whole body began to soften like butter to close to an open flame.

For a long moment they just looked one another over, CeeCee reaching back and running her fingers across Bobbi-Jo's naked hip and tummy as she twisted her body to get a better look at the strangers twitching white-girl cock and balls. Bobbi-Jo allowed her naked dick to lay across CeeCee-s shiny black ass as she followed the curve of her back up to her neck, and finally, as their eyes met with one another both their mouths began to curl into a pair of perverse little cocksucking grins. In that perfect moment, before either of them had even spoken to one another, they shared a moment of absolute clarity and understanding.

.

"Hi." Bobbi-Jo said, her voice a sultry little hushed whisper as she shifted her hips to allow her heavy dick to slip between CeeCee's cheeks, pressing into her enough to seat the swollen flesh perfectly and allow her smooth balls to press against CeeCee's own. He dick was curved, and seemed to follow the arch of CeeCee's body as though it was molded to it, with her oozing cock-knob settling perfectly just between CeeCee-s shoulders. Holding her new friend's hips, she pulled back just a little, allowing her heavy dick to ease down along CeeCee's curves, slipping between her beautiful buns and resting against the steaming little hole at her center. Nearly groaning with desire, Bobbi-Jo pressed her swollen bulb against CeeCee's scalding hot hole just enough to force her pucker to open, half swallowing the tip of her dick in a perfect circle of shiny wet flesh. "I'm Bobbi-Jo." She added as an afterthought. "Your butt is so pretty."

"I'm CeeCee." The ebony cutie answered back, well past any initial shock as she arched her back and felt her ass-hole opening around the crown of her new friend's cock; her tiny anal mouth openly kissing the hard pink invader as she pushed her body back as if to welcome it inside her. "You got a really pretty cock. Go on and fuck me. Okay?"

Bobbi-Jo nodded, biting her lower lip as she offered her lover a little grin and all at once pushed her throbbing pink cock deep inside the wanton hole before her. As the muscled ring of glistening chocolate flesh closed around her cock-bulb CeeCee's ass seemed to reach out and grab hold of it's invader, and several inches of pink meat slid home inside her in one deep sensual thrust.

Both girls gasped aloud, groaning at their perfect union as Bobbi-Jo squeezed CeeCee's hips in an attempt to pull her back onto her dick. CeeCee responded in kind, pushing her plump ebony ass back to devour the offered cock, as though no single dick had ever felt more perfect invading her well trained little anal-cunt. Together they began to move, both moaning like whores as they shared their most intimate pleasures with one another. All that mattered was that CeeCee's ass needed that big pink cock, and that Bobbi-Jo's swollen dick needed to fuck that steaming little hole. It was perfect; as if Mother nature herself had drawn the pair of them together, brought them to this perfect place, and given them her blessing to fuck.

"Fuck! You know how to pump a puckerpussy! Sho-Nuf" CeeCee mewled her pleasure as she came down on all fours, her fingers digging into the gravel bed of the creek as she pushed her ass back to get more dick inside her. "Feels so fuckin good inside me. Baby! I love your fuckin dick!"

Bobbi-Jo groaned her own response, pulling CeeCee back against her as she stuffed the full length of her cock balls deep inside the clenching little ass-hole before her. "You take it sooo fuckin good! Ain't never been in such a fine coon ass."

CeeCee tossed a look back over her shoulder, and almost laughed out loud at the filthy words her lover used. Such nasty talk, and sweet little Bobbi-Jo didn't know any better. When she used those dirty words it was out of lust, and nasty desire, and it gave CeeCee a thrill to hear them.

"MMmmmm yeah baby!" CeeCee purred. "You go on and wreck that big black coon booty! You fuck that black ass good honey, cause when you done I'm gonna stuff you so full of nigger dick you gonna moan like a whore."

"Mmmmm fuck!" Bobbi-Jo groaned, looking into CeeCee-s eyes once more and listening to her filthy words. The pair shared yet another depraved little smile between them, and they both knew at that second that they'd found something special in one another. With some girls it was just about the fuckin, but they both felt it deep inside. This was something more. "Gonna dump my fuckin milk in you you pretty nigger bitch!"

"Yeah baby! Do it!" CeeCee cried out. "FUCK ME!! FUCK ME GOOD!!" She shoved her ass back hard, taking every inch Bobbi-Jo had to give her, and as if their bodies were designed to fit perfectly together Bobbi-Jo met her thrust with a gut churning thrust of her own.

All around them the water began to splash wildly, and CeeCee's own big cock began to flop and bounce in the water beneath her. Bobbi-Jo ran her hands up her lover's back, stroking her fingers through the peach fuzz atop CeeCee's head, and CeeCee came back up on her knees, grabbing her lovers hands and guiding them around her body, giving her two big black titties to grope and squeeze as she got fucked. She was so hot she felt as though she might burst into flames as her ass was pounded, and her wild bucking just drove Bobbi-Jo to ride her even harder.

Pulling her black lover back against her body, Bobbi-Jo smashed her big titties against CeeCee-s back, and with two hands full of huge ebony titty, she dug her fingers in and gave those gorgeous melons hell, gasping out in pleasure as she felt CeeCee-s nipples begin to leak through her fingers. As if this gorgeous black sex doll wasn't fine beyond compare, them big titties of hers gave milk too. It was almost too much to process.

From time to time they would slow their fuckin just to enjoy one another. CeeCee would sit back on her knees, nuzzling her cock-filled ass back against Bobbi-Jo as she offered her mouth over her shoulder, and Bobbi-Jo would cover her lovers thick black lips with her own, rolling their tongues together as her fat pink dick jerked and spasmed inside its new ebony home.

Finally Bobbi-Jo felt the cum in her balls begin to boil, and CeeCee could tell from her lover's grunting that she was fighting hard to keep from letting loose inside her. The sweet black fuck doll wanted nothing more than to take her lover's hot load though, and so she fought back, rolling her hips in depraved undulations that sent her fat ass back against Bobbi's thrusts to the point where the nasty Tom boy planted so deep inside couldn't hold off any longer.

The first explosion of hot cum was so heavy and thick that it spilled out around Bobbi-Jo's invading cock and soaked them both in wet cream. By now the sun had long since disappeared, but a full moon overhead illuminated the milky cum as it splashed up against the bottoms of Bobbi's big titties. Not willing to lose a drop of that sweet cum CeeCee pushed back hard against her lover, reaching back to grab hold of Bobbi-Jo's hips to hold her nice and deep, and as she held her there she used her ass muscles to milk the cock so deep in her well fucked ass.

Bobbi-Jo's tits were heaving, and she nearly collapsed backward as pints of her thick fuck milk blew against CeeCee's inner walls, whitewashing her insides with thick sperm and forcing its way back out of her overfilled rectum across both their heavy balls. The stream of cum seemed endless at first, but eventually it began to subside, and Bobbi-Jo felt week in the knees as she sat back on her haunches, groaning as the sensual pleasure of her lover's ass-hole eased off her inch by cum-dripping inch. The visual alone was so beautiful that it kept her dick semi-hard and twitching, even if she had no more strength to make use of it. A thick black sheath of flesh slowly easing off the long pink length of Bobbi-Jo's glistening white cock. Nothing had ever looked so yummy.

CeeCee turned to face her lover for the first time, her huge black dick shining in the moonlight as she brought their bodies together, her arms sliding over Bobbi-Jo's shoulders as she embraced her. They kissed, and pressed their enormous tits together as they deeply delved into one another's mouths, pulling each other closer and closer so every inch of them could touch. Even their swollen cocks rose and nuzzled against one another, as though they were separate from them entirely, and mating their two hot shafts together in a bath of warm cum.

"You done wrecked my pucker good baby." CeeCee purred, smiling as she tugged on her lover's lower lip with her teeth. "Lay down on that bed of moss over there. It's my turn to stretch that fine cracker ass!" CeeCee instructed her lover, nodding to a perfect little bed of green bathed by beams of moonlight. It seemed right out of a filthy storybook; the perfect place for a princes to take a nice brutal pounding.

Bobbi-Jo was almost always the aggressor in her love making. She liked to get fucked, sure, but it was almost always on her own terms. With CeeCee though, it made her feel warm and creamy inside to do as she was told, and so she followed her lovers instructions to the letter as she was led to the mossy spot and laid on her back, legs spread as CeeCee moved between them.

"I wanna hear you say it tom boy." CeeCee purred as she slid into place, guiding her rock hard black meat between Bobbi-Jo's buns and using the swollen knob of her cock to lift her lovers heavy balls aside and grant her access to the twitching hole beneath them. "Talk nasty to me again... cracker. Tell me what you want, or you can't have it."

Bobbi-Jo felt a wicked grin cross her lips a she looked up at her lover and brought her legs up and apart to grant her access. She hadn't thought about the filthy language before, but now she remembered, and it gave her a thrill to think about just how dirty she and her new girlfriend could be together.

"Nigger?" Bobbi-Jo whispered, smiling even more brightly as CeeCee grinned down at her and pressed the swollen knob of her ebony cock against her ass-hole. "That what you wanna hear? You want me to beg you for that big ol coon dick? Want me to ask for that nig... Ohhh fuuuccckkkk!!"

CeeCee stuffed her cock in deep, holding nothing back as she climbed atop her lover and shanked her heavy dick balls deep into the sweet little opening beneath her. She watched Bobbi-Jo's big titties bounce and wobble in the moonlight, and came up on her knees, taking hold of her lover beneath her knees and slamming her cock in and out with wild abandon. Somehow she knew that she didn't need to hold back with Bobbi. Some girls couldn't take her big black dick if she eased it in, but this perfect little whore was different.

"FUCK!! FUCK!! FUCK ME NIGGER!!" Bobbi-Jo screamed out, taunting her lover as she gripped fist fulls of the moss bed at her sides and took every swollen inch CeeCee had to give her, deep in her welcoming little anal cunt. Sure she'd had bigger cocks in her butt, but never before had any fucking ever been like this. She was falling desperately in love with every raunchy thrust her new lover gave her. Nothing had ever felt so intense, and even though she had just unloaded her heavy balls in CeeCee's delicious ass, her own swollen cock began to spit and sputter cum all over again.

CeeCee stared wide eyed as Bobbi-Jo's dick began to spill it's sugary sweetness all over her, and the intense sensation of such a deep pink ass and the sight of all that cum was just to much for her to handle. She was already on edge from the incredible ass pounding she'd already received, and soon she felt her own fat black cock erupting inside her new lover.

CeeCee's balls churned with hot seed, and a near endless volley of hot cream shot deep inside Bobbi-jo's ass, spilling out of her insides with every new burst of cream. Soon the pair were like drenched pigs wallowing in their own nastiness as CeeCee went right on plunging her dick deeply into Bobbi-Jo's ass as though she never intended to stop.
