 Chapter 3: Her beastly lover came back for her.

It had been several days since I have seen my beast lover. I wondered where he has been or if had been watching me at all. I thought of him every time I stepped outside. My body yearned for his touch and just really want him to come whisk me away.

The sun was sinking down below the trees. Beams of light stretched across the yard. A warm breeze blew open the curtain a bit letting the laser light of sunshine catch my face. The hair on my arms stood up and a chill shot through me. An eerie feeling of dread filled my head, my ear lobes began to sting, my head felt like it was spinning.

I can barely open my eyes; all light has gone. My mouth is dry, and my head is heavy. I am being carried. There's a sting from tree branches and leaves are scraping against my bare legs. 

"You came back for me?!" I managed to mutter.

The few seconds of anticipation before he spoke lasted an eternity.

"I can't keep you, you don't belong here, you know that." His gruff voice gave me chills when it broke the silence.

I wrapped my arms around his shoulders as he carried me through the darkness. I felt so secure and safe in his arms. I couldn't think of anywhere else, I'd rather be.

He wasn't taking me to our usual clearing. This place is different. I wondered if this is where he comes from.

He set me down on a rock near what looked like a cave of some sort. Vines covered the entrance, but I could see a slight orange flicker glowing inside.

"Wait here." He disappeared into the foliage.

I have no idea how long he was gone, but it was getting cooler out, making me shiver. 

"Come with me." He took my hand, leading me down a low-lit tunnel. I can feel cool air on my face and there must be a creek nearby, I can hear the trickle of water. 

At the end was a set of large wooden doors. The doors looked very old and had some very intricate carving, He turned around and scooped me up, carrying me to the room with the orange flickering light where a large stone fireplace warmed the room.

The light teased me with slight glimpses of his face, but never enough to really see him.

Gently, he laid me on a black fur blanket. The fire danced behind him, shadows keeping his true identity from me. 

I laid back, running my fingers through the fur blanket waiting for him.

"Tell me your name." I begged.

"Shhhh." He crawled quickly over me startling me for a second.

His nails lightly scratched my thighs as he slowly slipped my yoga pants down. Again, he hovered over top of me, still too dark to see his face. At this point, I don't need to see his face. I want him, I need to feel him. 

He pulled my t-shirt from me, my breasts bounced in the dim light from the fire. 

His hands felt rough on my skin; rough but comforting. His kiss took me to a place I've only been to with him.

"Are you scared?" He asked expecting me to say yes.

"No." I shivered.

"You should be!" He growled and forced my legs open.

His cock dove deep without warning. I gasped.

The truth was, I was scared but only for a moment.

I opened my eyes in a desperate attempt to see anything I could to make sense of it all. The light just barely caught his eyes for me to see him. They were the same dark mysterious eyes I fell in love with the first time I saw him.

He pounded his cock into me, each thrust deeper than the one before. I probably should be scared but I love this.

"Tell me what you want." He whispered down to my ear. 

I was stunned that he spoke, let alone asking what I wanted.

"Tell me!" He demanded a little louder.

"I want your face buried in my pussy!" I blurted out the first thing that came to mind.

He wrapped his arms around my legs, putting his face to my thigh and gave my hips a yank, pulling me down to him. My legs naturally fell over his shoulders and squeezed him to me.

The moment his breath blew across my lips, my pussy started screaming for him. His facial hair rubbed my bare lips almost raw, but I kept going barely giving him time to breathe.

My fingers tangled in his long hair pulling him closer to me. My hips stung from his nails digging into me, or were they claws? I didn't care, this was what I wanted and where I wanted to be.

"I love the way you touch me." I muttered just barely loud enough for him to hear me.

His tongue flicked over and back across my clit and sunk into my cunt to taste the flow of juices his has sprung loose from me. I banged my pelvis upwards to his face; opening my legs more, inviting him in.

He slipped his fingers in teasing my g-spot. I wanted him deeper. I pushed for more.

He hungrily burrowed deeper into me.

"I have to have you now!" I broke the silence and startled us both with how loud I was.

He pulled me over on top of him, as if handing me the reigns to do as I pleased.

I crawled up closer to his face, nuzzling his neck; I loved the way he smelled. He smelled of musk and pine. His scent alone was enough to soak my panties. 

I lowered myself down his shaft, rolling my hips taking it all in as far as I could handle.

"Sit up so I can see your face." I quietly asked, full on expecting him to say no.

"You don't really want to." He said with deep whisper.

I didn't want to push that subject and make him angry, I decided to enjoy the moment while I could.

His cock fit so perfectly inside me. Rocking forward and back, with a seductive slow grind, I gradually went faster. 

The faster I fucked him, the harder he squeezed my hips. I loved seeing my own breasts sway side to side in the dim flickering light from the fire.

He sat up to get a better grip on me and pushed his pelvis harder to me; the light caught his face for just a moment.

I gasped in surprise. His eyes were black; not just dark or mysterious anymore, they were black! My body shuddered, confused by fear and my need to fuck him.

"Are you scared now?" His voice chilled my spine.

I wanted to say yes, but could only stutter a meek little, "No."

I kept fucking him, afraid to stop now. I tried hard not to show my fear. It was hard to focus, was it his demon-like eyes or the fact that I loved his cock inside me to spite his appearance.

My senses started swirling together, a fog surrounded us. I could feel the tingling of a blissful release start to build up. My fingers curled in his chest hair. His grip on my legs started to sting from our sweat. I rode him faster; squeezing his cock, breaking loose the magic.

Before I finished, he grabbed me up and spun me around; hanging over top of me; staring at me for several unreasonably long seconds; fucking me harder and faster. His stare became more intense. He let out a low groan and his body shook with exhaustion.

A thick fog rolled in around us.

The space went dark, my head was heavy, my body was limp. The fire was gone. 

There was a vague familiarity with the room. I could see the blur of a street light through a window. A cool breeze flowed through darkness around me.

My heart sunk. I was back home.