 Morgan was surprised to see Eva coming in from the garden so late in the evening. Where had she been? And with whom? The anger that poured through him surprised him and made him want immediate answers. He went to her and grabbed her arm, yanking her to him. She gave a yelp as he held her tightly and whispered angrily in her ear.

"Where have you been?"

"Preparing a surprise for you," she smiled up at him. He was momentarily stunned at the open and honest look on her face. The heat flowing from her eyes ignited his passions at once and made him feel a sudden tug in his crotch. His instant response to her frightened him in its strength and he almost sank to his knees.

"What surprise?" he asked hoarsely.

"Come with me and I'll show you," she teased him mildly as she grabbed a hold on his skin suit and tugged him lightly in her direction.

He leaned forward, aiming his mouth toward hers, wanting to catch her with a breathtaking kiss as he ripped off her clothes and took her standing against the wall.

"Not here," she smiled. "Come!"

He willingly followed her up the stairs, barely registering the sniggers and the bold remarks coming from the people that had watched their display.

"Have fun, Morgan," he heard Connor laugh from somewhere behind him.

"Yes, Governor," he said and saluted his friend before hurrying after his mate.

Entering their room he had barely shut the door before Eva were in his arms, kissing him as if her life depended on it. Morgan was so relieved that he didn't question his good luck -- simply kissed her hard and held her tightly. 

He realised she was undressing him and he helped along as fabric after fabric was ripped off their heated bodies and showed to the floor. The bare skin that was revealed only heated his blood and he felt his erection hardening so much he could barely see straight. He tore off her last garments that was separating their bodies and grabbed her hips, holding her tightly to his swollen core, wanting to bury himself inside of her as soon as he could get her to open her legs to him.

He cupped her face and kissed her hard. She opened her mouth to him and he dipped his warm tongue inside of her and groaned as she sucked the tip of his tongue. He imagined that she did the same thing to his cock and he pressed his hardened cock closer to her stomach just by the thought of it. Slowly rubbing against her, she suddenly grabbed his cock in her hand and gave him a slight squeeze. He gasped at the unexpected pleasure pouring through him and moved them backwards toward the bed, wanting to bury himself deep inside of her welcoming warmth as soon as possible.

"How about trying something different this time?" she suddenly murmured.

"Whatever you have in mind, as long as I can come inside of you," he groaned.

"You will let me do what I want then?"

"Whatever you wish, darling."

"Good," she smiled at him and took a step away from him. "Go and lie on the bed then, Morgan."

"Not without you," he argued. 

"I thought you said I could decide this time?"

"All right, all right. But you're making this really hard, woman."

"It's supposed to be," she chuckled as she bent down and reached for something underneath the bed. Morgan obediently lay down on the bed, the sheets feeling cold against his backside but he welcomed the cold. No matter what she wanted he would have to keep himself in control until she gained her pleasure. He wanted her to achieve pleasure from their coupling -- he needed her to. It was the only way to make her bow to his will, to make her his in body as well as in name.

She came toward him carrying a few pieces of torn fabric. Tugging two of them off she started to tie his feet to the bed.

"What are you doing?" he wondered as he lifted his upper body.

"Making sure you're not escaping my bed before I'm properly satisfied," she winked at him.

"Have I ever neglected to satisfy you?" he growled at her.

"Once or twice, yes. That's why I'm not taking any chances this time."

"Stubborn minx," he chuckled. "Come and sit on my cock and I'll make sure you're satisfied."

"Words, words," she murmured as she moved to tie his hands. He willingly lied down and let her tie him up. Taking pleasure in seeing her take command and playing out her fantasies with him. He lifted his back slightly so as to find the most comfortable position on the bed. His cock feeling harder than ever as he tightened his muscles and tested the bonds that held him. 

She had done an excellent job, he realised as he noticed how little room he had for moving around. He gazed hungrily at her naked body as she bent over him and grabbed something from the floor. Her breasts were dangling in front of his face and he lifted his head to suck the tightened nipples into his mouth. As he connected with her warm flesh, she gasped and closed her eyes as he licked his way around her nipples, teasing them lightly with his warm tongue.

"You don't play nicely," she said heatedly as she held up a blindfold. His suspicion increased as he watched her fondle the black blindfold, moving it under his head.

"Neither do you," he said as she placed the blindfold over his eyes, shutting them off from the delightful sight of the naked woman in front of him.

"I'm not planning on being nice. I'm much more into pleasure," she murmured close to his ear, before kissing him open-mouthed and hungrily as if she wanted to devour him with her heat. He answered in kind and soon they were both breathing hard.

Her hand reaching lower, across his abdomen and stomach, before she located her target and closed her hand around his hard flesh. He jumped in surprise as she squeezed his cock head so tightly he thought he wanted to erupt at the spot. Letting go of her grip, he wanted to scream for her to finish him - to fondle him until release took him and he poured his come into her hands or mouth. 

Instead he felt her sit next to his naked body and kiss her way from his cheeks, over his throat and in an achingly tender way she was kissing a direct path down his chest. Stopping slightly, she nipped at his male nipples and the sheer unexpectedness of her actions made him gasp as small bursts of warmth were spreading from his nipples to the rest of his body. He stretched his body, straining against his bonds as he tried to control his body.

"Poor Morgan," she said smugly as she kissed her way over his hard stomach. He was holding his breath as she was closing in on the part he desperately needed her to kiss. Instead she easily skipped his cock and kissed the outside of his thighs and knees.  

"Dammit Eva, come back here," he snarled at her as she continued kissing the inside of his legs and dropping warm kisses on the inside of his thighs. He shook in an effort to hold back, and still she hadn't kissed his cock. A sweat broke out on his forehead. He struggled against the bindings that held him immobile and he wondered how he could ever have surrendered himself into giving her this much power over his body. Without the bonds, at least he would have the opportunity to lay her down on the bed and bury himself inside of her warm body.

"Impatient, Morgan?" she teased him as she kissed the skin surrounding his cock, his cock only touching her throat and neck as she circled her tongue into her target. He groaned loudly, and arched his back in order to give her a clear answer as to where he wanted to be touched.

"Just do it, Eva," he heard himself beg. "Please, I can't withstand much longer."

"Oh, poor thing. Let's take a break then," she said lightly and started to leave the bed.

"No, come back here."

"I thought you said I could decide this time, Morgan?" he heard her state from the other side of the room.

Despair was flowing through his mind at the idea of her leaving him tore through the haze surrounding his head. No, she couldn't leave. He had to make her stay. That meant he would have to follow her lead and try not to take command. He breathed deeply as he tried to find the right words that would induce her to continue.

"Please, Eva, don't leave me. I'll do whatever you want from now on," he pleaded with her.

"Hm, that sounds a lot better, Morgan. Are you ready for another one of mine ideas then?"

"Oh yes, darling."

"Good," she drawled as he heard her come closer again. Sitting herself on the bed, he could feel her knees touch his right thigh and he tried to get a picture of what her face looked like without his blinds. Still, the loss of sight enabled his other senses to sharpen. He heard her uncork a bottle or something similar and leaning her upper body closer to his. 

"Now, this may feel cold at first," she suddenly said in that husky voice of hers. 

He wondered what she meant and then screamed out as cold oil was poured over his erect cock. The cold was making his cock feel so sensitive he almost burst at the pleasure. Barely holding on to his control he breathed hard as she followed up by stroking her hands over his coated cock, massaging and squeezing him slowly and wondrously. He let his muscles relax a little as he lay down and concentrated on enjoying the intense pleasure pouring through his entire body. 

She moved her hands over his balls and squeezed them carefully, coating his body in the oily substance she had poured on him.

"What is that?" he finally asked hoarsely.

"Massage oil that I got from Loanna, the healer. It's supposed to tease the senses and increase the sexual gratification."

"Hm, its working, I can tell you that," Morgan murmured and he tightened the muscles in his thighs as a response to her touch. "Why don't you impale your sweet cunt of my cock before I lose control?"

"Tempting, but that wasn't a part of my plan."

"No? What was your plan then?" He dearly hoped it wasn't to tease him to the edge of his control and then leave him - only to let him be untied by a laughing servant in the morning. He held his breath as he felt the bed wriggle as she changed position.

"This," she murmured, and at the same time he felt her close her warm mouth over his cock head, sucking him slightly. 

He groaned as she moved her tongue to the ridge underneath his cock head and teased his aching skin. Taking his cock further inside her mouth, he felt his cock head hit the back of the throat, before she let her lips tighten around his cock as she pulled upwards in a slow and painstaking effort as far as he was concerned. Sinking back down again, she sucked his cock inside of her warm mouth and let her tongue roam over his sensitive skin at the same time.

"Oh my god," he choked out and cursed the bindings that prevented him from holding her close to him, preventing him from fucking himself in her mouth. The loss of sight was only making him more aware of every move she made with her tongue and lips, and he felt his control ebbing away faster than his prided wanted.

"Please take me inside of you. Let me pleasure you as well," Morgan pleaded with her.

"Relax, Morgan. I'm doing this my way." And she touched her hands to his balls, roaming them over his skin and squeezing slightly, increasing his tension even more. Moving her hands around the root of his cock, she grabbed hard around his cock and moved her hands up and down a couple of times, making him strains for the release that was coming closer and closer.

"God, it's so good, darling," he said hoarsely.

She chuckled. "I'm hoping to make it even better," she said unexpectedly and moved up over his body. He felt her rub herself against his frame, as if she was a cat that snuggled against him. Holding herself above him, he felt her lowering her body to his, his cock touching the vee of her thighs before she sat down on his thighs, his cock barely touching her belly. Groping around her he heard her locate the bottle she had used earlier, and as expected the cold liquid was again seeping down his cock. He gasped as the cold liquid hit his erect cock and he arched his body up toward hers.

"I'm not sure I can take more of that massage oil," he said heatedly.

"I thought we should share it," she murmured in his ear and made his pulse take a leap at the thought of how she intended the sharing to occur. As an answer to his prayers she moved up along his body and started to impale herself on his hard cock. The feeling was immense as he felt her work his large cock slowly inside of her tightness, coating her inner walls with the massage oil. Holding his breath he could only struggle against his ties as he pushed his cock upwards toward her warmth. 

He wanted to hold her closely to him and kiss her senseless as he came inside of her. Opening his mouth he met her hungry lips as she impaled herself completely on his flesh. Holding herself still, he felt as if he had finally come home and he wanted to stay inside of her forever. He kissed her hard, pushing his tongue into her mouth as to copy his cock inside of her cunt. Immediately she started to suck his tongue as she had his cock and he groaned loudly.

Slowly she moved upwards again, holding onto his cock as she slowly let him slip from her body while tightening around him. He heard her gasp as she impaled herself another time, before lifting herself away from his cock. This time she crawled further up his body and he caught her left nipple in his mouth as she tried to pass him. Sucking her nipple, she breathed harder and he increased his effort and gloried as he heard her uninhibited response. 

"Sit on my face," he tempted her as soon as he let go of her nipple and tried to locate the other.

"Yes. Yes, I will," she gasped, and almost desperately she turned herself around and put her knees over his shoulders. He could sense her cunt being close by her sweet scent and he lifted his head to reach her. 

"Bend down," he ordered her. She did as he asked and soon he met her moist opening. Darting out his tongue, he circled around her clit and motioned between her sex-lips. Her cunt was heavy with heat and the sweet scent of the massage oil. The scent of her made his pulse increase and he opened his mouth and kissed her hard, before swirling his tongue over her clit. He heard her moan and then she lowered her body closer to his. He answered by attacking her pussy with vigour, kissing and licking her all along her inner sex lips, before pushing his tongue into her cunt.

"Oh Morgan," he heard her scream and he smiled at her uninhibited response. His smile disappeared as soon as he felt her take his cock into her mouth and suck him hard. The shock made him stop licking her and he just breathed as he felt his hard cock answering to her every command.

Now he was so close he worried that he wouldn't be able to please her before he completely lost control. He tried to ignore his insistent cock and pushed his tongue into her cunt again, loving the choked sound as she let go of his cock to breathe deeply. Welcoming the respite he lapped at her clit, before circling if with his tongue and kissing every part of her that he could reach. Soon, he felt her tense her muscles in response and as he continued licking and sucking he felt her legs began to buckle as her release was closing in. 

Her clit was so hard he pushed his tongue slightly at the sensitive tip, welcoming her response of pushing her pussy closer to his mouth as if she couldn't help herself but surrender herself to every command given by his tongue. He smiled as he heard her moan and pushed his tongue against her clit, pushing her over the edge as she screamed out her pleasure. Her entire body was shaking in release and he continued licking and kissing her as her body lost itself in the aftermath of release. She sank forward and lay draped over his body, breathing loudly.

Morgan felt his straining cock begging for release but he knew she needed time to collect herself. Still, the tugging in his cock welcomed the nearness to her as her head lay resting on his thigh. His cock feeling her long hair teases his skin. Suddenly her hand closed around the root of his cock and he groaned as she squeezed him hard.

"Sorry, Morgan." she breathed deeply. "I didn't intend to forget you."

"Don't worry about that. Although if you could just...," he started but stopped as she took him into her mouth again. "Oh yes," he blurted out as she sucked him hard. Tightening her hands around the root of his cock, she started to move her mouth up and down his shaft, tightening her lips around him as she moved slowly at first, and then faster and faster. Soon he was groaning and begging her to finish him off and he felt every muscle in his body tense as she touched her upper lip over the ridged area underneath his cock head. 

A ripple of want went through his body and he felt her pushing him closer and closer to the edge as she slide her tongue around the outskirts of his cock head. Letting out a whoosh of relief he let the tension ease from his body as she dropped kisses up and down his shaft. But just as soon the relief was over as she took him inside of her mouth again and sucked him harder than before. Moving faster she took him as far as she could inside her mouth before lifting up and slamming down again. 

Immediately he felt the need build in him and as she took him deep the dam broke and he was thrown into the unknown as his entire body felt like liquid. His balls gave up their load and he poured all his semen into her warm mouth, feeling her hold her mouth over his cock as she drank his come. Softly she licked her way over his cock head, cleaning away every drop of his come as he felt his entire body go slack with release. Just laying and breathing he let every muscle in his body relax and he lay drowsily feeling her warmth against his body. 

All too soon she collected herself and stood up from the bed.

"Come back here, please," he murmured softly.

She loosened his bindings and climbed back into the bed, snuggling closer to him and resting on the arm she had just released. Dragging away his blindfold, he saw her flushed face and the satisfied look in her eyes. Lifting his body over hers, and turning her head his way, he kissed her hard on the mouth, not bothering about the combined taste of their bodies in their mouth. He wanted to plant himself in her memory and letting her take control had been the best experience of his life.

"Thank you," he murmured to her. "I've never felt that good before." He kissed her once more, before he lay down and fell into a deep sleep. 

He barely registered her murmuring. "Neither have I."

***

Eva looked at her sleeping mate resting so peacefully beside her on the bed. He seemed to be exhausted by her ideas, she chuckled. She wondered what Jack was doing right now and why he wanted her to keep Morgan out of the way just this evening. Not that it had been much of an effort to do so, she smiled. In truth it had provided her with the possibility to live out a long-time fantasy of hers -- and with a man she felt comfortable with knowing that he would be willing to go along with her fantasy. 

It was like she had been handed a gift to know that this man would always be willing to let her explore her sexuality and never laugh at her or be alarmed by what she wanted. It was such a strange feeling to have in the company of a man -- and not any man either. He was still her mate and enemy -- nothing would change that. She shook her head. 

Why was she wasting her time daydreaming when she knew there would never be a forever for her and Morgan. Except for a 'forever apart'. If not, one of them would be forced into captivity in the other's camp and no relationship could survive on such terms. 

She knew she was stalling or had been for the last couple of days. She had to get a hold on herself and make her escape, not just plan and wait for another lovely sexual encounter with Morgan. In fact, she had gathered the final pieces that she needed for her escape, so everything was ready. 
