 Andromeda opened her store, the key was exactly what she envisioned it would be, old and stylish. Her first step in the door made her heart sing. The counters were all perfect, the glass display cases not too tall not too short, again, perfect. The green walls complimented the Grecian garden style shop perfectly.

She smiled to herself as the sun began to rise, shining magnificent rays of light throughout her little bakery.

She did it, she scraped scrounged and begged and finally got her dream to come to life, her friend Cathy had done magnificent with the decorating, and now it was her heaven.

Bright smile in place she went to the kitchen and started her day baking all manner of sweets to fill the immaculate counters and cases. Cookies, cupcakes, cakes, pies, donuts, candies, she made it all, and to do so for her was the best thing on earth, her entire life had been spent so far gaining the education to bake it all, and properly manage the shop.

Maybe now she could concentrate on what Cathy calls her life. Life, whats that? Is it made with flour? Oh, men, that's a life?

Andie scoffed to an invisible Cathy, talking to her even though she wasn't there. "All men do in a woman's life is boss them around and make them feel stupid, I so don't need that dear."

She popped the tray of black cherry chocolate cupcakes into the oven. By ten am she had her cases filled, and for the first time opened the doors to the public. She didn't expect really a lot of business, but she knew an orphanage and a homeless shelter that would be happy to take anything she didn't sell that day off her hands. After all, she would just have to throw them away if they did not sell, so why not just give them to people who will eat and enjoy them?

She smiled happily again, the feel good of the century, nothing could break the euphoria she had been placed in this day. She practically giggled when she received her first customer. Andie had been sitting behind the counter, enjoying an espresso and a small brunch when she saw the man. Her mental note was that he was so very cute, a flash of wondering if he was a she or a he, as he had long white hair, a feminine face including long lashes. When he jerked his nose into the air and sniffed, that's when she almost giggled, he literally followed his nose into the shop. His crystal blue eyes surveyed the chocolate cherry cupcakes, their divine black cherry frosting with a chocolate cherry on top seemed to make him drool.

"I'll take a dozen!", he smiled back at her.

That's when he took note of the wide spread grin on her beautiful face. Andromeda was a humble woman, she wore no makeup, wore her knee length raven hair in two braids, nothing fancy. Her face was oval shaped with large ebony eyes, her frame, though short at only five foot was built much like a models, yet with more toned meat on it.

Her grand looks did not escape Veighn as he watched her get a box and load up his treats.

"This the first day of being open?" He was curious, as he walked this street every day he had never noticed the bakery until this day, that wasn't normal, so it had to be freshly opened.

Andromeda smiled brightly at him and slipped the box to him, as he paid her she spoke in her whisper like voice. "Yes, I've been planning it for some time, but today was the first day I could open my doors to the public."

He looked around, it was like walking into a garden, even the otherwise plane floor was painted to look like a mossy ground with a field stone path leading to the counter. "It's amazing, very relaxed atmosphere."

He didn't think she could smile bigger, but she managed, and this lit her eyes up, giving them the appearance of black diamonds shinning in the faded sunlight. He liked her already, and needed to know more. This was a simple task for him, he dove into her mind and started reading her memories.

What he saw there practically made him fall in love right there. She was an orphan, made her friend Cathy there. She literally scraped and scrounged in order to get this place, had trouble with every step, as if it were the gods will she not succeed, but she did, her and her friend were partners. Cathy helped with the bills, via selling her artwork, they would live above it together and when Cathy was there she would help bake.

His own mind instantly thought of his friend Tristan when he saw her friend Cathy in her head. He decided right there that Andromeda would be his, and this friend Cathy would be a fantastic match for Tristan. When Andie handed him his change he captured her fingers in his soft hand and drew the sweet smelling fingertips to his lips.

After he kissed her fingers he grinned at her stunned expression. "That was for building this wonderful place of sugar and peace in my neighborhood, it was well needed."

Andie was completely charmed, as he knew just the right thing to say and do. She loved romantic men, at least she loved them in the books she read. Veighn of course knew this, and loved that about her, many women get snotty when you actually treat them like a lady.

It was four days until he returned, this time it was him and a friend. They pulled up in front of the shop on motorcycles, both looked like they could go very very fast. Veighn's friend was not much taller then he was, had dark raven blue hair, also had a feminine face but his had a few more sharp angles to it. He had amazing colored eyes, they were such a pale blue that they nearly looked white, like very cold snow.

Veighn sauntered up to the counter and greeted Andie with a large grin, then slipped a single orange rose from behind his back and handed it to her. Andie gasped and took the rose, a blush spread over her features as she smelled its marvelous fragrance. The orange rose meant passionate desire, pure enthusiasm and fascination. She knew this, and wondered if he did. Most men grab roses because they think the color is pretty.

Veighn read this in her mind and grinned back at her. "I love roses, they say everything I'm too cloddish to say."

Andie blushed, now knowing the rose was meant for exactly what the color insinuated. To break her fluster she misdirected his attention to his friend, who was watching Cathy through the door of the kitchen. She was struggling with a new bag of flour, it was only a fifty pound bag, but Cathy was nowhere near strong, as she too was a tiny girl of less then five feet.

"He seems to like watching people bake." she giggled.

Veighn knew what she was doing, and went along with it for now, he looked to Tristan and grinned. "He doesn't like to see women struggle with heavy things, can he go help her?"

Andromeda simply was not expecting this question and stared at Veighn blankly.

Veighn grinned and addressed Tristan. "Don't just stand there dumbass go help the lady."

Tristan grinned and jumped over the counter in one easy motion, then went to Cathy. She jumped fairly well when the mans hands took the bag from her, flipped it once as he grinned at her. "Where does it go beautiful?"

Cathy blushed a deeper red than he had ever seen anyone blush, which made his grin turn into a wide smile. "Uhm.. uh.. in.. in the mixer?"

She stammered embarrassed to be so close to such a good looking man, that had all his attention on her. He rolled the bag onto his shoulder and stood next to the industrial mixer, pouring the flour into it slowly while she turned the bowl to get it in there evenly. "You um, kinda need help around here don't you?"

Cathy did not look up, she couldn't look the man that was so beautiful he should have a model, in the face, it was just too embarrassing. "Kinda, but with just starting up we can't afford to hire anyone just yet."

He walked away from the bag of flour, that remained exactly where he put it, still pouring without his hands on it. This made Cathy stare at the levitating bag with amazingly wide eyes.

Tristan walked about the smallish kitchen, then stopped at a long table that had nothing on it. "Hey, I could work right here, and then I could be here to help with all the heavy stuff."

He beamed a smile back at her, even though she was still staring at the floating bag of flour. She about fell out when the bag shook itself to remove the last vestige's of flour from itself, then folded neatly and went to a table that had like items on it.

"I..wha....how did you do that?" She was stammering from shock.

Tristan grinned, went to her side and bent at the hip, whispering in her ear he said in a fun loving voice. "It's magic. I can teach you if you want me too, but I charge."

She looked at his face, oh gosh, he smelled so good to her, like herbs and spices. "I... I can learn that? What will it cost?"

Tristan caught the tip of her delicate chin and kissed her softly on the lips. "One of those anytime I want."

Her red turned to near amber but she smiled as her fingertips touched her lips gently. "That's all?"

Tristan grinned. "To start."

"Ok.. deal." He was so cute, and nice she didn't mind her nerves tingling the warning of danger.

Veighn pulled Andie's attention to him by touching her hand. She snapped her head back to look at him, not used to feeling someone touch her.

He smiled. "We need something to distract us, we don't need money so getting paid isn't a worry for us, so... can we.. stay I mean? I love sugar, I'll be in here at least every other day anyway."

She blinked at him, a little confused. "You want jobs?"

"Of course! What else have we got to do during the day? Hanging out with two beautiful women is every mans dream didn't you know that?" His eyes gleamed that boyish glint that often disarmed people.

"Well, I, I don't know what I would have you do...." She looked around like she was lost.

Veighn grinned. "Security, serving, making coffee and espresso, I can do all that, Tristan likes to watch over the kitchen, so he can help in there while he writes. Helps him think when he hits a block."

"Writes?" she tilted her head curiously.

"Yeah, he writes books. Fantasy and such."

She glanced back at Tristan, who was still helping Cathy with her batter, then back to Veighn. "What do you do normally?"

"I work for hire, if someone has something they can't find, I go find it for them, mostly antiquities, and I charge a butt-load, so I make enough to live and then some with only a few days work normally." It was really hard to explain to anyone that he was a rather skilled thief and assassin.

Tristan was an alchemist and wrote stories from the things they used to do when they lived on the other side of the magic veil. They came to the mundane side due to the fact that Veighn as well as Tristan had too many hunters after them. Being on this side made it impossible for those bounty hunters to find them. Who knew that they would find overly attractive humans to drool over?

She thought about it, and had no idea Veighn was watching her every thought. He even placed a few suggestions in her head, she never felt it, so she thought they were her ideas. "Ok, so, you make coffee, and will take over this portion of the shop, but what will you do if we don't have coffee drinkers in here?"

"Serve of course. Instead of the customer coming to the counter I'll go take orders."

To her this sounded like a grand idea, thanks to Veighn.

Veighn canted his head to the side, giving her a grand expression that practically melted her to the core. His brows rose gently. "But I'm not dressing up in a fairy outfit, that's a bit much for me."

Andie lost it, she laughed so hard she didn't hear the doors bell chime softly as her third customer came in.

For the first month things went smooth as silk. The guys were there every day, Veighn proved he was indeed a sugar freak as he managed to snatch a baked good every time something was made. Veighn had also proven that he was really good for business, not only did his fantastic looks draw people in from just about every genre, including guys who normally don't go into such places due to the cliché about gays and frilly, as he would flirt with just about anyone. He also brought Andie catering business by telling anyone who looked like they might have parties that entail grand baking skills, that she catered.

It was during one of these times of catering that Tristan finally made his move on Cathy. She was in the back room frosting a cake and adding a great many flowers. He had laughed at the fact that you couldn't see the base frosting under the garden she placed on it. Cathy had giggled and told him it was a spring cake and each flower tasted like a corresponding fruit to color.

Tristan came up behind the little woman and put his arms around her, he pelted butterfly kisses up the side of her neck, making her explode in goosebumps and a whole body shiver. "Spring cake, butterfly kisses and mating like rabbits, that's what that cake reminds me of."

Cathy's eyes were at half cast due to his attentions, the flower she had on a peg in her hand slightly drooped and nearly fell from her relaxing hand as she melted into his arms. Tristan didn't hesitate, he turned her around so that he could claim her lips with his own. While she was melting into this he carefully removed the blueberry flower from her peg and ticked it under her skirt and into the front of her panties.

Her eyes got huge and she squirmed in distress at the sticky mess now invading her beautifully bare lips and her delicate crystal work that she had done that morning.

"Oh look, now I've made a mess, here let me help with that." His voice was deep and heady, Cathy knew what this meant and the thought excites her to shivering.

Tristan scooped her from her feet and took her to his own space, the table that he wrote on. Setting her there he kissed her deeply until she relaxed again, then made her lay down as he unbuttoned her summer dress with his teeth, making sure to lick every inch of soft flesh under each and every button as he did so. When he reached the top of her panty line she moaned in slight distress as his fingers gripped the edge and pulled them down her slender hips.

Cathy drew her knees to her chest when his mouth claimed her now frosting covered clit, a sharp inhale of breath told him she was just as desiring as he was. When her hips were pumping up and down over his mouth he grinned and slipped himself from his pants as he kissed and nibbled his way back up her tiny body.

"I do so love the way your flesh tastes like spice." He purred as she felt the tip of his cock spread her throbbing lips.

Her whimper told him the fear she had, so he kissed her deeply as he pushed inside her, very effectively capturing the first yelp as she whimpered it. His cock spread her insides as far as they would stretch, the tip of his member touched under her pelvic bone pressing against the cervix. Then he flexed, making it feel as if he was lifting the internal organ so that he could stroke the very sensitive G-spot hidden there. Cathy's eyes rolled to the back of her head and she gasped and thrashed as she came over his cock, making it even easier for him to invade her tiny insides. Stroke after stroke led Cathy to near delirium as her body slid back on the table, then was returned to his hip just before the head of his cock would slip from her insides, she moaned, whimpered and kneaded her own breast as her world began to roll and pitch, the sensations shooting from her womanhood were almost too much to bear.

Veighn had watched as his best friend and partner in crime ravished the tiny woman on the table top, her body undulated under his in a desperate dance to have more of his cock thrust into her now extremely wet vagina. Veighn wasn't one to pass up an opportunity, as her head fell from the table, thrown back in a desperate outcry for the next orgasm to pelt her with static, he moved in, unzipped his pants and ran the tip of his cock over her fully luscious lips.

Cathy parted her lips and let him slide his cock into her mouth. Learning how to pleasure a man with her mouth was easy as the telepath ran pictures through her mind as to what to do with the hungry member slipping down her throat. Like a pro she inhaled him, her hands leaving her breast to stroke the lower shaft that just simply would not fit into her mouth.

Veighn groaned as his shaft was swallowed hungrily, the motion within her throat sending jolts of crackling static up his lower spine and down his legs.

Tristan growled and slammed into her body, jerking her farther onto his shaft as well as embedding Veighn deep within her throat. Veighn cried out as her throat clenched and vibrated with her outcry. Both men began the desperate push me pull me game with the girl that was now so willing to open herself up to them.

Andie wondered where everyone was, Veighn knew she had come back, he smiled wickedly to himself as she came into the kitchen. When she spied the two men pounding on Cathy she blushed deeply, never having even a slight inclination to inspect a man fully this was quite the sight for her. Andie's eyes shot to the floor as she tried to slink away. However, Veighn knew she was there, regretfully he pulled his cock from Cathy's throat, a resounding pop was followed by a distressed whimper from the minuscule vixen. So Tristan pulled her body up, so that he could ravish her mouth with his own while Veighn went and claimed the raven beauty before she could leave the shop.

Veighn reached out capturing Andie's arm in a long fingered hand. "Don t go, come with me."

Andie shook her head no, stammering for words as he pulled her back into the kitchen. With his mind he locked the front door and flipped the open-closed sign so that they would not be disturbed.

Andie protested but he managed to remove her clothing while he backed her to the new work table. "Veighn, no, I don't, I can't... I don't.."

He kissed her deeply, she was scared, but he could fix that. He had no intention of hurting her, much, and was not going to let her shy herself out of this fun event. He pressed her against the table, her ass catching the edge as her blouse fairly flew from her body, it landed somewhere near the mixing machine, next to her bra and panties.

Veighn squelched her protests with his kiss, made her shiver with his fingers. Andie was tight, unused, and afraid, but soon he had her writhing under the attention of his skilled fingers.

Veighn pulled back grinning at her as he pushed a cupcake into her vagina, her eyes got wide and her mouth dropped open in shock. He practically purred as he slid down her body to retrieve the sugary treat from within her.

Next to her Cathy had been rolled over. Tristan was pulling her back, making her grip the other side of the table as he pounded in and out of her now somewhat bruised but very wet, quivering, pussy.

When Andie's orgasm hit her the table shook as she tried to keep from collapsing with the power of it. She had never felt anything like this before, and he wasn't stopping. His hands cupped her round ass and lifted her to sit on the table before she fell. The attention he rolled over her clit and lips was intense, his tongue darting in and around her inner most walls. Her mind was reeling as he shared with her what Cathy was feeling.

Very soon Cathy was screaming just to scream, and Andie was no better off as her own orgasm was amplified through Cathy, and Veighn. Her back left the table which she gripped desperately, her knuckles turning white as she did so. Her legs hugged Veighn's head as he thrust his long tongue in and out of her quivering spraying pussy.

Very soon Tristan dropped his chin to look down at Cathy's features as he thrust deeper then ever, balls nearly crawling up into the girl as he filled her with his cum.

Andie cried out, feeling not only Veighn's tongue and fingers, which were without mercy probing her interior, but with the reciprocation of Cathy's shared orgasm. Inside her own body she felt Tristan swell and throb, along with Veighn's probing and licking.
