 Here I am! The town of Valeria, a sand rock town in the middle of nowhere. After hearing of job vacancies for bartenders in this remote town I decided to give it a chance. I look around the town as I step through the gates. People smiling and laughing everywhere, enjoying their day. What a peaceful town, it's sunny but the temperature is great. I'm pushed out of the way as young kids push past me,

"I'm faster than you. I'm going to be the pack leader one day," one of the boys said.

I smile, kids and their imaginations. I continue walking down the main street of the town, shop owners are shouting out left from right,

"Fresh meat, come and get it!"

"Finest jewellery in the desert!"

I see a police station just across the road, perfect place to start. I walk over and inside. Pretty dull place, quiet with the sounds of the markets behind me. I notice a policeman sitting down, doing nothing and I place myself in the chair around his desk. He looks up at me with stern, brown eyes.

"You're new here, aye?" he asks. I'm shocked he could tell, well after all I am carrying a rucksack around, it makes sense.

"Yes, sir. Looking for a fresh life. I was told police stations would have notices of any vacant jobs around here?" I imply. He looks into one of his draws and pulls out a bunch of flyers,

"Try those," he says as he passes me the pile of paper, "Oh, and Boy... watch yourself out there. Especially tonight, there's a reason this place is remote."

At first I thought he was joking but he seems to be warning me about something. I stood there with a concerned look on my face and watched as he sat down and continued drinking his hot brew,

"Thanks...," I say and I get up and leave for the front door.

Back out on the streets, I am immersed in a swarm of people trying to get in before the markets close. I try to break out of the horde but was swept up and carried away. I was being tossed around, back and forth, I was losing my flyers all over the place, too scared to pick them up for the fear of getting my hand trampled on. I try pushing my way out but this crowd is like a moving wall, I'm stuck inside. Then we reach the markets and the crowd spans out but I'm still getting pushed until I am shoved into someone. We topple over onto the ground. My body aches all over and my head feels dizzy. The person below me starts getting up too and our eyes catch each other. A woman. She's beautiful with her dark black hair and light blue irises. They are like the clear water you find at beautiful holiday spots. Her skin is white and smooth, most beautiful creature I've ever seen. I open my mouth to say something but no words come out.

"H-Hi," she says to me, her eyes are relaxed and gentle even after we fell over together. 

"...Hi," I speak. She smiles at me and my heart skips a beat, "Ah! Sorry, I'll help you up now."

"Oh, what a gentleman," she giggles cheerfully, "Thank you."

I take her hand and pull her up. Her curves stand out just a bit through her blue dress.

"A-Are you alright? Not hurt are you?" I question.

"No, no. I'm fine," she replies and brushes the dirt and sand of her backside. She points to the flyer in my hand,

"What's that? Looking for a job?" she asks. 

"Ah yeah... There were more flyers but they got lost. I guess this 'Sweet Midnight' place was the lucky flyer," I reply. She gives off another giggle.

"If you want, I can walk you there? It's just down the road," she says. Sweet Midnight, sounds like a great place. I nod and we walk together down the street.

I don't want it to be a long, awkward stroll with no conversation so I break the silence with her,

"So," I clear my throat, "My name's Leo," I extend my hand towards her, "Nice to meet you, and you are?"

She looks at my hand for a second and then extends hers and shakes my hand,

"Veronica," she says smiling at me then takes her hand back, "What brings you to the small town of Valeria?"

"A new life," I say whilst looking up at the blue, cloudless sky, "I heard about this place and thought I'd give it a chance. It's hot but nothing I'm not used to," I say letting off a chuckle. She laughs a bit with me and then we both go quiet for a bit. Then she looks at me,

"You know I work at the Sweet Midnight," she says smiling at me cheerfully. My eyes widen a bit and I can't help but smile.

"Really?" I say in amazement, "That's great! That way if I get a job there I'll already know someone."

She chuckles a bit then looks down the road,

"I don't think Gramps will mind. We usually tend to hire anyone who is willing to lend a hand," she says.

We reach the front of Sweet Midnight and she welcomes me inside. Inside it smells of pine and whiskey, my senses set on fire, there is something about the smell of pine that just excites me and relaxes me at the same time. The rays of dusk settle into the calm, quiet main room and an old, lonely bartender looks up at me, inquisitively.

"Veronica, who's this?" the old man asks.

"This is Leo," she gestures at me, "He's new in town and is looking for a job, Gramps," she replies cheerfully. He gives me a stern look, examining my body.

"You want to bartend boy?" He asks. I am surprised he knows.

"Yes, sir," I reply shortly. The old man looks over at Veronica and she looks back at him. It's like they are having a telekinetic conversation. I wonder what they are thinking about. Then he looks back at me,

"You start tomorrow," he says returning back to his cleaning, "Veronica will show you to your room, settle you down and get some good sleep. Tomorrow will be a big day."

Veronica grabs my hand and starts walking me across the main room to a set of stairs.

"What's this? A new toy?" A new voice says. The sound of creaking wood above us fills the room and my eyes catch the image of a figure with long, brown hair jumping over the rails and land on the floor gracefully. She turns around fast and her hair spirals with her body. Her brown eyes are wide, and seem playful. She's wearing a red and white checkered button up shirt with the top part of her large cleavage exposed and short denim pants that expose her long, dark-skinned legs. Veronica grabs my arm tight and starts heaving me towards the staircase, not bothering to look back.

"Leave it Luna," Veronica says to the brown-haired girl.

"What?!? I just want to play," she whines. Her face drops a little in disappointment.

"Why would he want to play with a filthy mutt?" another voice says. Veronica halts but still has a tight grip on my arm. Luna's face picks up, her curious face looks over my shoulder and I follow her gaze to a small, white-haired girl. Her face seems white and petite, like a royal person and she wears a full kimono but you can still see the full roundness of her large breasts through the material. Her eyes seem cat-like, like calm but dangerous. She stands there with her arms crossed in front of the staircase. 

"Choke on a hairball you feline scum!" Luna barks, "Go back to brushing your hair!"

Veronica tenses up and speaks out in a large tone,

"Both of you, just go away!"

"Luna! Katy! Go back to your rooms," the old man behind the bar says.

"Is everything alright, Grandmaster?" a small voice says, I follow my head to the sound and see an average sized girl with a small, thin body. Her blue eyes glimmer in the sunlight. Her brown hair flows gently as a small breeze flows into the room and the flash of her butterfly hairclip catches my eye. She looks like she's out of a dream. She has such a delicate, gentle expression on her face, showing concern for the matter. She hasn't got big boobs like the others. Her boobs are small but noticeable through her purple, black-laced dress. Black-laced arm straps wrap around her forearms and the end of her dress seems tattered and ripped at. One side is long and the other side is short which exposes her black-laced leg garter. I don't why but it still looks beautiful. 

"Cleo," Veronica says in a soft tone, "Can you take these two away, please?"

The small girl nods her head in agreement and stretches her arms out to Luna and Katy. Smiling, she says,

"Come you two. We must prepare ourselves for the night."

Luna shrugs her shoulders and walks towards the stairs leading upstairs and Katy follows behind with a smug look on her face. Veronica tugs on my arms to indicate we are moving again and we walk down the stairs to the rooms below.

Downstairs, it's dark and quiet. Very little light gets through the floor boards so lanterns are hung up on posts to give more light. There are so many doors down here, I wonder why.

"So what exactly is the Sweet Midnight?" I ask Veronica. She opens a door with a key and holds it open for me. I walk in past her and she says,

"It's like a bar, we offer drinks and service for customers," she replies, "Residents of the town come in and grab drinks from the bar upstairs and when the men get drunk and want sex, they grab one of the girls and go for it in a room."

Well that sums up all the rooms in this building. I place my things on a bed and put some things away while she goes around and lights some candles.

Are... Are you one of the girls that hang around for sex?" I ask her, I know it's a personal situation but-

"No," she replies. I couldn't help but let out a small breath.

"Hahaha, I just help out my Grandfather run this place," she says in a cheerful tone. Ah! So the old man upstairs is her grandfather, what a nice place.

"Okay, just a few things that needs to be said. The door must be kept locked when you sleep. You can lock it with these keys and I will leave them with you on this bench," she places the key on the drawer table beside the door, "Also, as far as first-time workers go, you should be starting every day at 6 am and finishing at 6 pm. This will continue until you get an idea of what goes on around here. You feeling cosy?" she asks. I look at her, then look around the room,

"Who were those girls up there?" I ask pointing to the floor boards above.

"Whores," Veronica says in a spiteful tone, "Rude ones at times too, except Cleo. She is a nice young girl," She smiles looking at the floor, "They are our top 3 in this business. Luna, the long, brown-haired girl, she likes it wild. Katy, the white beauty, likes to dominate and Cleo is usually for virgins."

This was a bit of a shock but I just went along with it,

"Have you had sex before?" I ask, cautiously. I gulp down my nerves, I'm a virgin too so I know it can be hard admitting it sometimes. She stands quiet for a few seconds and then lifts her head, her cheeks are a slight red,

"Yes, I am a virgin," she says smiling at me. I blush back, she's cute.

"Well, I better get back up there," she says to me gesturing to the floorboards above.

"Yeah haha, I'll... I'll be here," I reply. I am a little nervous and I don't know why. She's just being friendly. A sweat droplet rolls down my cheek as she leaves the room. I walk over to my bed and sit down bringing one foot up and placing it on my thigh. I undo the shoe laces on my boot and pull it off, a small pile of dirt falls on the floor. I grunt. Of course there would be dirt in my shoe. I kick the dirt aside with my foot and bring my other foot up and place it on my thigh. Undoing the shoe laces, I take it off and let out a sigh of relief. Footless is amazing. I notice my empty bathtub in the corner of my room. I want to freshen myself up. I stand up and walk to the door. Opening and closing it behind me, I walk down the lantern-lit hallway and up the stairs to the bar. There are two men at the bar already grabbing a few drinks. Outside there is minimal light and the bar has a massive, basic chandelier in the middle of the room that lights up the whole place. There's a group of men over in the far corner of the bar next to the door. They are sitting around laughing and drinking, some of them even have whores already in their laps laughing along with them.

"Leo?" Veronica comes out of a door behind the bar, "Can I help you with something?" she asks.

"Just looking for some hot water for a bath," I say. She smiles at me.

"I thought you would have wanted a bath so I started heating up some water out back. You can go on through if you want," she said pointing to the door she just appeared out of.

"Thanks," I say, nodding my head in gratitude and I walk on through, opening and closing the door to the backyard. 

Out back there is a large fire pit in the middle with an open area and a closed area. The open area had two buckets hanging above the fire on a rack. Those must be for my bath. I walk over and put on the fire gloves to protect my hands from the extreme heat. I grab one by the handle and pull it off and place it on the ground beside me then I pull off the other one. I pick up the one on the ground and haul my way to the bar door. I push my way through the door into the noisy bar and head downstairs. I walk down the lantern-lit hallway and open and close the door into my room. I walk over to my bathtub and pour the buckets one by one in. I hear the sizzling sound of hot water and a light cloud of steam rises from the tub.

"Perfect," I say, cheerfully. I get undressed throwing my dirty clothes onto the floor and my belt on the bed and I check the water. Still a bit hot but should feel nice and relaxing. I hold on to the side of the tub and put my feet in first, then submerging myself in the hot, tranquil water. My body feels fresh already. I sit in that water for a bit just thinking about how great it is to have come here. I can hear the sound of chairs moving about upstairs and a loud laughter arose from the bar. I close my eyes and relax for a bit until the water was at room temperature. 

I hopped out of the bath tub onto a mat and looked around for something to dry me off. On the other end of the table next to the bathtub was a folded up towel. I couldn't help but smile. This feels great. Piano music starts playing from upstairs and cheering from drunken men and customers and sluts. Someone knocks at the door,

"Leo? It's Veronica," a small voice says, "Can I come in?"

I wrap the towel around my waste to cover my penis,

"Yeah! You can come in," I reply. She opens up the door and a plate of meat and vegetables enters before she does and she closes the door behind her.

"Here you go," she says putting the dish onto the table across the room. She turns around and her eyes widen and her mouth gapes. Her cheeks go a bright red and she instantly looks down. I'm standing there in a towel, embarrassed,

"Sorry, I just.. I just got out of the bath," I'm finding it hard to say things.

"It's fine, I'm sorry I barged in on you getting dressed,"

"No, you didn't," I cut her off. I didn't mean for my tone to rise, she flinches at my words.

"... Sorry.. that was a bit loud," I comfort her. She shakes her head a little bit still looking down,

"It's alright, you just.. you have... I like your body," she says. I look down at my chest and stomach. Steam is emitting off my abdominal muscles and water droplets run down my stomach and get soaked up by my towel around my waist. She moves towards me and I flinch and take a step back throwing my hands in front of me. She stops and stands still and says in a soft voice,

"Sorry, I was just going to grab your dirty clothes," I look over at my pile of clothes next to the bathtub and I take a step to the side. She walks past me and picks up my clothes in her arms.

"Anything else you need?" she asks, whilst walking to the door.

"All good at the moment," I assure her. She smiles at me and opens and closes the door.

I walk over and grab the key sitting on the drawer table and lock the door like I was told to. I go over and grab the plate of food and walk over to my and sit down. I get comfortable and I take a heap of vegetables and put them in my mouth. My eyes widen with delight. Best tasting vegetables I have ever tasted. I continue eating my dinner; the meat was delicately cooked and tasted amazing. After my meal, I put the plate on the floor and got comfortable in bed. I threw the sheets over me, rolled on my side and closed my eyes, drifting off into an amazing sleep.

Then I hear a girl giggle softly, I lie flat on my bed. I feel the bed dip near my legs and I look down at my feet. My eyes widen, I am in shock. Veronica! She's at the end of my bed, one leg already positioned on it and completely naked. Her huge breasts sit perfectly on her frame, her shaved pussy, oh my gosh. I can feel my throat going dry and I feel uncomfortable as a powerful sensation stirs in my groin. I think she noticed. She puts her index finger to her mouth and licks it and sucks on the tip, then licks her top lip. So sexy, I've never seen this side of her. I sit myself up on the bed and she pulls the sheets off of me then crawls up in front of me, smiling. Her eyes, they aren't normal, they went from bright blue to an exotic red. I'm in a trance, her eyes have got me. She moves forward a bit more and her breasts push up against my chest. Her nipples feel hard against my pectoral muscles.

"V-Veronica.." I start to say but she pushes her finger towards my lips and giggles. She mouths something but I can't hear her. She moves down and pushes herself closer to me. The full front of her boobs are pushed against me. I can't control the monstrous thing in between my legs. It stands up rock hard. She pucks my neck with her soft gentle lips and I flinch. It's moments like this I curse at being a virgin. I can't believe what I'm feeling. The roundness of her breasts and her legs against me. Her hot breath blowing against my neck as she kisses it with her smooth lips. Her long black hair against my skin.

"Leo.." I hear Veronica say in a weak, soft voice. She moves back fast and turns to my bedroom door in a frightened motion and a loud click fills my ears and then I wake up. 

"Veronica?" I yell out, sitting up in my bed. Something metal drops outside of my door and the sound of scurrying footsteps begins fading away. I stare at that door, someone was on the other side of my door, probably trying to break in. But why? I realise the stranger is gone and I let out my breath. 

"A dream," I say lowering my head, I feel disappointed. It felt so real too, like it wasn't a dream. But here I am awake and Veronica isn't here. I lie back down again and pull the covers back over me. Rolling over to my side, I close my eyes and sleep again, only this time I am not disturbed.

First of many, so much more to come. Stay Tuned ;)