 "She fucked the service android?" Bastain squinted over his quartz desk, pointed with an onyx vaporcig. 

"It would appear so, Sir," said Lan, an ice-blonde woman, expressionless. 

"How do we know?" 

"Sir, the unit in question, a Ceres-6, filed an anomalous precept mutation in its automated report." She glanced down to a card-thin tablet in her white-gloved hands. "We pulled this off its experience record." She flicked the tablet screen, and a video transferred to the large holomonitor behind Bastain. The man swiveled in his chair, frowning, watched. 

On screen played a point-of-view video. A recording, taken through an android's eyes, of a nude, curly-haired woman excitedly sucking the same android's not-inconsiderable cock. She bobbed, head guided by a large, gentle hand, amidst droplets of passionate fluids suspected in microgravity. Her floating hair was backlit by the glowing morass of a red-and-purple nebula shon through a great void-window. Her expression, dully fixed, matched the android's lusty moans and fixated stare. Bastain stared, cig drooping. 

"Oh, Specialist Jack," moaned the audio track. The hand tightened. The woman onscreen hummed, eyes smiling as she pulled her engorged lips over the wide and shining cock. The android moaned again. "I think it's only courteous to warn I'm going to— " 

The screen cut out. The ice-haired woman lifted her finger from the pause key. Bastain still stared, blank. "Christ." Surreptitiously, he adjusted the crotch of his slacks before swiveling back around. "She did fuck him." He took a long hit off the vaporcig. Wisps spiraled from his nostrils. Briefly, he gazed past Lan, frowned at the sweet greenery of a misty garden world framed beyond. Abruptly, he looked up. "How the hell did she do to manage that?" 

"Sir," said Lan. "During 24 hours' contact with Comm-engineering Specialist Jacqueline Kent, the unit sysnamed 'Sam,' mutated the following precepts in response to the Specialist's behavior..." She cleared her throat, read: 

"Physical Apperception: plus fifty-seven percent. Social Assertion: plus fifteen percent. Tonal Formality: minus twenty percent. Individualized Affection: plus eighty-eight percent." She paused, looked at Bastain. "Sexuality: plus one-hundred percent." 

"Jesus." Bastain ran a hand through his salt-and-pepper quiff. "Are they meant to do that?" 

"Yes and no, Sir." 

"Yes and no?" 

Lan recited, blankly. "Ceres-6s were the first Serault Corporation model to feature full behavioral precept mutability. Like most Ceres models, they were designed to self-adapt and facilitate maximum social compatibility with small crews." She paused, tilted her head. An icy lock fell over one eye. She brushed it away. "However, the model has a flaw: Their mutation is constrained by no delimiters, save Asimov's Amended Laws. As a result, they—" 

"Turn into fornicators," interrupted Bastain. "If their crewmates are turned on?" 

"Sir, there have been seventeen reports of individual crews engaging in sexual activity with their Ceres-6 service models." 

"So, yes?" 

"Yes, Sir." 

Bastain sat and vaped a moment. He adjusted his tie. "Is this mutation affecting Specialist Ja— "He screwed up his eyes for a moment, corrected himself. "Uh, Specialist Kent's efficiency?" 

Lan blinked her blue-raspberry eyes. "As of yet, Sir, we do not have enough labor data to judge either Specialist Kent's baseline or affected efficiency at this post. Either way, the unit sysnamed 'Sam' is scheduled to be replaced by a new-model Ceres-8 in less than a standard month." 

"Ah, well." Bastain shrugged. "I guess that works out." Vapor swirled around his grey eyes, white as the tropical steam outside. 

"Will that be all, Sir?" asked Lan. 

Bastain looked up. "Yeah. Thanks." 

Lan briefly twitched a smile, turned to leave through the plate-glass door. 

"Lan," said Bastain, to her pencil-skirt clad back. 

"Sir?" she turned. 

"Remind me." The man squinted. "What model are you?" 

Voice level, Lan pronounced: "Eris-7, Sir. Courtesy model." 

"Ah, I think I remember you saying that." An awkward smile tugged Bastain's face. "Thank you." 

"Of course, Sir." 

"And, Lan?" 

"Sir?" 

"Leave the tablet." 

"Sir." She did. The ceramic handheld clicked on the quartz desktop. Bastain watched her go; watched her small hand wrap round the door, watched her teardrop hips, swaying, clad in clinging black. He blinked, sighed, picked up the tablet. With a finger, he touched the Play key, elicited quiet audio and moving images from the ceramic slate. "-to warn you I'm going to cum." After ensuing sounds of ecstasy from both parties, he turned it off, put it down. 

"Fucked her android," he muttered, shaking his head. "What an idea." 

- 

Jack awoke, floating. She shifted, confused for a moment, then smiled, remembering, as she felt the firm grasp of Sam's broad arms round her chest and belly. She touched the corded, lightly haired forearms, hugged them, held one large hand warm to her breast. Sam hugged her back. Firmly, warm. Affectionate. 

"Good morning, Specialist Jack." 

Jack felt dried sugar crackle on her lips. Without opening her eyes, she turned around in Sam's grasp, pulled his mouth to hers. For a moment, she kissed him hard, let her sugar-coated tongue slip between the android's pliable lips. She broke free, opened her eyes. "Good morning Sam," she said, licking luxuriantly. "Happy I didn't dream fucking you." 

"Good morning," said Sam, again. He smiled, and the little lines at the corners of his eyes crinkled delicately. "Though, it is, in reality, just after Earth-standard noon." 

Jack's eyes widened. "Fuck, the traffic," she gasped, wriggled for a moment, winced. She clutched her leg, felt the stretched, tight material of a flex-bandage around her thigh. It was her only garment. "Fuck," she said again. "Hurts more than it did yesterday." 

"That's to be expected." 

"We need to work, Sam! The lighthouse has to function." 

Sam hugged her. "Don't worry, Jack. You may recall I set the lighthouse to transmit a detour notice, per Company policy. We may resume work after the conclusion of your twenty-four-hour healing period. Of which an hour remains, by my count." Sam smiled again. "And I do insist you enjoy it." 

Jack startled, winced. She squirmed, attempted to get out of the sleep webbing. "I've been asleep for twenty hours?" 

"Yes. Though you did wake to urinate shortly ago, which you appear not to recall. The corrective clot I applied to your leg included a metabolic enhancer. It encourages deep sleep for efficient healing. You are likely to be— " 

"Fucking hungry," said Jack, raising her eyebrows and licking her lips again. She unclipped her webbing, floated away from Sam. "Oh, shit." She said, realizing her mistake. Untethered, she drifted across the room, hair and tits buoyant, bounced gently off the ceiling, then into the broad window-floor. A duotone magenta, cast by the vast and swirling nebula beyond, suffused her space-pale, depilated skin with curious shades of pink red. 

"You need mag boots, Jack," said Sam. Still under the webbing, he maneuvered his legs over the bed, retrieved one of two pairs of boots stuck to the transparent-alloy window-floor. He tugged them on, and, naked save for those red and silver boots, kicked over to Jack, second pair in hand. Handily, he caught her around the waste. Jack clung to his front, wrapped her feet around him, kissed him softly. Her nipples, quite hard, brushed the blond fur of his chest. 

"Come now, Specialist," said Sam, with good humor, peeled her off. With deliberate force, he turned her about, and employing her hips and waist as grips slightly more than was required, tugged the second pair of boots over her small feet. Jack cleaved back to him immediately after, and Sam held her in return. She nuzzled into his neck, enjoyed his scent of soap and sweat, caressed the broad hands wrapped round her body. 

"Thanks, Sam." She then connected, likewise naked, save for boots and bandage, to the magnetic face of the window. Sam settled beside. Jack, considerably smaller, placed her hands on the wide rounds of his shoulders. "Let's please get some food."  

"Wait a moment," smiled Sam, nearly a smirk. He held her close, sniffed her. "Did you bathe, yesterday?" 

Jack blushed, frowned. "Not really. I, uh, ran out of my water ration." 

"I think a shower is in order, first. Don't you think?" 

For a moment, Jack was annoyed. Then, her face brightened. She let her fingers play over the android's chest. "I think that might be... Fun." She continued to draw her touch across Sam's pecs, over the cut ridges of his serratus anterior, then round his back. "But the spin hasn't started, yet," she said, drew the tip of her tongue along his jaw. "Can't shower in microgravity." 

Sam raised an eyebrow. "True. We have seven minutes before the artificial gravity cycle starts." 

"Hmm," 

Jack pulled close, warm, smushed her breasts against Sam, rubbed her cheek against his chin. With a soft click, she detached one mag boot from the window-floor, lifted to wrap a bare leg about Sam. She pulled herself in, wiggled her hips, hummed in contentment as she ground the wetness between her legs into Sam's thigh. The android's cock, now beginning to swell, pressed, bent, into her front. "I think that's enough," she said, throaty. 

Sam lifted his chin, let Jack lick and nibble little lines of wet kisses up his neck. "Enough for what, Jack?" 

Jack slid a hand down Sam's abs, grabbed the base of his cock. It twitched, straightened. "Time for more of you." She stroked him, felt a glaze of sugary cum flake under her touch. The cock darkened, thickened with arousal. Veins stood out from its girth. 

At that, Sam took her by the chin with one hand, seized her ass in the other. He squished her rump close to him, lifted her chin, her parted lips close to his. Her soft flesh dimpled, firm, under his fingertips. "How do you want me?" 

"Inside me," gasped Sam, intrigued by her partner's sudden engagement. She pressed her pubic mound into the android's hard, muscled thigh, left a spot of wet arousal. "Fuck me. Standing up. Like this." 

There was a click. Jack's other mag boot disconnected from the floor. Her knees bent. She floated free in Sam's grasp; toes pointed towards the ceiling. With one hand, she wrapped an elbow around his neck, dragged her lips the last inch to his, kissed him with more tongue than gentle lip. 

While he kissed her, Sam transferred both hands to clasp the very bottoms of Jack's buttocks, just where they met her thighs. First, he squeezed, then stretched them apart, slightly opening the eager, pink lips just within. Jack moaned into his mouth. A little rivulet of girlcum floated from between her legs, stuck to the strong hands manipulating the tingling skin of her ass. 

"Uh." Jack gasped. "Fuck me, robot. I want that sweet cock in me again." She thrust her hips forward, grinned as she felt her mons bump into the soft head of Sam's cock. 

"Of course, Jack." The android flipped her around by the hips, turned her ass-up and horizontal in front of him. Jack yelped, found herself, surprised, facing down at the nebula. Then, she moaned. Sam had just then split her legs, pulled her by her angled thighs just a half inch onto his hard girth. 

The Specialist's labia just barely gripped the hot, hard member between her legs, slicked it with arousal and Sam's own smeared precum. "Fuck," said Jack. She tried, futilely, to thrust herself farther down onto the cock, but Sam held her in place. 

"Come on," she said, grabbed the hands gripping her thighs. "Don't you want to give it to me!" 

Sam looked down at her, at her narrow waist and the taught lines down the center of her flexed back. He let one fingertip stroke her from neck to tailbone, trace around where his cock just split her sopping bits. Jack spasmed just a little, moaned. "Please," she said, wet lips panting. 

"I find," said Sam. "My precepts have further altered to suit your personality, dear Specialist Jack." He pulled her just a quarter of an inch farther down his shaft. The woman groaned, looked back at the hands which kept her locked quote firmly there by the ass and lower back. 

"How?" She said. 

"You have a fascinating character trait." He gave her just a hint more cock, twitched a crinkle-eyed smile as she arched her head, shut her eyes, hummed in anxious delight. "You enjoy giving me orders, but you also enjoy being handled, to submit just as much as you dominate." 

He pressed further in, let Jack's eager womanhood take a little more. He felt her abs tense, and her small muscles twitched inside, as if trying to draw him in. "My stochastic feedback engine found that you reacted well to a hint of dominance in return, given the heightened state of physical arousal it elicited, so I have opted to show you more of that trait. To take more of you on my own accord." He bent forward, removed one hand from Jack's thigh to bring it forward and wrap it about her chin. His thumb rested over her parted lips. Eager, Jack sucked it into her mouth, bit it gently. Sam sighed, relaxed just a bit as a warm tongue flicked across his digit. 

Sensing Sam's lapse, Jack wrapped her heels about the android's butt and pulled herself triumphantly onto his cock. She squealed unintentionally around his thumb, wriggled as much of herself around Sam as she could, relishing the silky heat of him deep inside. 

At this, Sam tensed. He shifted his grip, hard but gentle, around Jack's neck and belly, pulled her upright in front of him and close to his front. She floated, limp in his grasp, totally filled from behind, with her soft rump pressed tight to the artificial man's hipbones. Her legs wriggled, parted just a little more, slightly bent, feebly trying to avail herself to even more of the android's cock. 

"Ssam," she moaned. 

"Mm, Jack," replied Sam, his usually stolid tone betraying obvious excitement. He pulled back, then pushed soft into Jack's eager warmth. They both gasped. Sam thrust again. Jacks hands scrabbled, clutched in joy at the powerful forearms pulling her down once, twice, and again onto Sam's expansive cock. 

"Oh, fuck me," she said, eyes screwed up. "It feels so fucking good when you stretch me inside." 

"You are impressively aroused to desire intercourse with no foreplay, Jack," panted Sam. He thrusted, pulled the mewling Specialist onto him in unison, faster and harder with every repetition. 

"I am—" said Jack, helped in pleasure as Sam rocked her with a thrust. She squished, audibly wet, as she took him. "So turned on." 

"I take it you enjoy intercourse with me, Jack?" 

"Mm, ugh. Yes." She frowned, gasped again. Her breasts bounced, nipples swollen and dappled with sweat, with every thrust. "But it's called fucking, mmh, silly robot. Not intercourse." 

"Apologies, Jack." He thrust into her, hard, nuzzled her neck, bit her there. Jack hummed in response, turned and tilted her parted lips back for a kiss. 

Sam brushed his lips to hers. "Do you like it when I fuck you, Jack?" 

"Mm, yes. I like it when you fuck me hard." 

"And deep?" He did. Jack's legs twitched. Her toes curled. 

"Ugh. Mhhhm." 

"Like this?" He repeated the motion, thrust shallow, hard and deep into the squirming Jack. 

She choked in surprise, felt the soft head of Sam's cock press, excruciatingly lovely, repeatedly into the very deepest extent of her sex. Her brows beetled, not in pain, but ecstasy. 

"Yes!" 

"Just like that?" 

"Yes! Fuck mee." 

"Are you going to orgasm for me, Jack?" 

"Mhmm." 

She did. Her eyes flew open. Her mouth gaped, near-drooling. Jack shuddered with the force of Sam's shallow, smacking thrusts and the wracking heat of her orgasm. She unclamped an arm to seize Sam's crop-haired scalp, pulled his lips over her shoulder into a greedy, messy kiss. She stayed like that, lips suffocatingly locked as her orgasm died from full body shakes into gentle tremors in her inner thighs. 

Jack rested, curled into a limp ball, held with her back pressed into Sam's chest, soft in his grip. She let her head loll. 

"Jack?" said Sam. He was still inside her. 

"Hmm?" slurred the Specialist. She rubbed her nose up into his neck. 

"Hold on to me. The spin is about to start." 

"Oh—" 

Jack grabbed Sam's forearms tight just as he switched his grip to support her under her thighs. There was a rush, a sideways jolt, a sudden weight as they both settled, one under his own power, the other in his grasp, to the floor. 

"Ugh," Jack exclaimed as Sam set her down. She moaned, for his cock had slid slow out of her still-sensitive body, trailing generous, gooey arousal. She stood, sweated, slightly knock-kneed, before him. An awkward grin split her face. "You're not at all bad at this fucking thing." 

Sam smiled. His cock, still quite erect, twitched. A bead of precum slipped off the head. "Thank you, Jack." He wiped a smattering of sweat from his brow. 

"Want to, uh, take care of that in the shower?" said Jack, indicating the android's erection. 

Sam cocked his head. "If you allow me to wash the both of us, we may have time to allow you to enjoy my orgasm." 

Jack blushed, shivered. The station was none too warm. "Being washed sounds, uh, great." She started off, slightly wobbly. 

Obedient, Sam followed. Mag-booted, naked, they traversed two hatches, through central comms, to the white, knobby-tiled bathroom within the life support bay. Jack went first, then Sam. As he turned from sealing the hatch, Jack hugged her android from behind. She wrapped her foot around his left calf, grabbed around the base of his only slightly reduced erection with her left hand, thumb touching middle finger. 

"You're really nice to look at, Robot." She stroked him. Sam gave a short moan. 

"Mh. Thank you, Jack. My developing physio-aesthetic precepts find you arousing, too." Jack stroked him again, felt her own slickness between her fingers and the re-stiffened cock. 

"I should warn you." Said Sam, throatily. "I have maintained a persistent state of advanced arousal. Fucking you has brought me close to orgasm, and I remain close." 

"Mm," said Jack. She bit her lip, pleased, backed away; let her touch linger over Sam's hip and tight ass. "Come on," she sultered, clumsily tugged off her mag boots, backed into the shower chamber. Sam did she same. Pleased, Jack petted the android's blond head as he bent to remove his own boots, marveled at the stretched cords of his broad triangle of a back. In the shower, together, Jack was pressed for space. She kissed the android's chest once, the touch panel reading Shower ration: 2 minutes with her elbow. 

A vertical stream of hot water struck from above. Immediately, in the bright overhead lighting, luminous steam bloomed around the two. For a moment, Jack marveled at the rivulets of water that traced down Sam's chest, his nipples, his slightly asymmetrical abs, his twitching cock. Then, she found herself seized, turned about, and washed like a puppy. 

"S-Sam," garbled Jack as the android spread sweetly chemical soap suds rapidly over her face, over her hair, back, arms. He acquired more foamy soap, scrubbed Jack's armpits, moved a mite lower, lingered momently to feel her breasts, work them slippery between his large hands, pinch the nipples. Jack, amidst the jostle, moaned, wobbled slightly at the knees, smiled as Sam moved on to wash her belly. 

"You're being pretty industrious." 

"We must, Specialist, conserve time to enjoy the sexual activity you desire, during our water ration." He lifted one of Jack's legs, gently washed her inner thighs and still-sticky vulva. "Oh!" exclaimed Jack, feeling herself unexpectedly split open. She shivered a bit as Sam touched her clit. "Of course," she said, breathing steam, lifting wet and limp hair from her face and over one ear. 
