 Jack awoke to a twinkling, navy-blue night. She lay still, perceived the idle murmer of gulls and surf, the sweet air, the soft and runny sand against her back. With every little rush of the surf, a liquid touch caressed her. Startlingly chill. Goosebumps prickled her naked form. She pulled a long, resuscitating breath, sat up. 

She nearly gasped. Out on the surf, submerged to the dimpled saddle of his hips, stood a bare and strapping figure. Head tipped to the moon, he raised and clasped corded hands, stretched. He twisted, hummed as he arched the broad, inverted triangle of his lats. Yawning luxuriantly, he turned, dropped his arms, smiled at Jack.

Jack's pulse fluttered. She returned the crinkled hazel eyes' smile. The figure blushed a hint, turned a bashful eye to the sea. He approached. Surf split and foamed about his hips, thighs, knees, ankles. All softly corded, olive, and bare.

He stopped inches from Jack's toes, let his gaze drag over her, slow. She blushed in return, twisted a little, pulled and bent her knees to touch. Responding, his eyes flicked to her face, stopped there. Though not a turn of betrayed sentiment showed on his lips, a soft bundle of creases remained at the corners of his eyes, somehow more intense. He lingered on her mouth, nose, eyes, canted his head just a hint. A hoarse, longing sigh rose from his chest. 

Some melted excitement splashed into Jack's chest and belly. Returning the gaze in full measure, she straightened her legs, arms, lay back on the sand. She raised a challenging brow. 

Slow, the figure knelt, touched one knee to the beach, then the other. He straddled just one of Jack's legs, bent, placed heavy hands beside her head. Jack could hear the wet sand squish under his weight. He bent ever so close, stopped, just breathed. Not a slip of skin touched between them. Droplets fell from his locks and long nose, fell just inches before rolling down Jack's cheeks. He smelt of salt and earth.

Jack's lips parted involuntarily, asymmetrically. Never breaking her gaze, she stretched, wriggled just a bit, tilted her groin and chin. She heard the figure's pupils dilate, heard his shuddering breath, sensed his heavy arousal. A small smile of glee split her face. She squirmed in the sand beneath him, like a sea star, free beneath his hanging weight. Then, suddenly deadly serious, she stopped. With dearest care, she shifted just a little, pulled the inside of a smooth thigh to meet his knee. The figure shuddered, shut his eyes. Jack struck, pushed her lips into his. For a moment, she could taste the warmth, the salt. Then, the world spun. 

The figure disappeared. The stars went out. The black sky fell away. Jack awoke to a riveted, titanium ceiling studded with white lights. She flailed momently, gasping wetly. Tubes hung before her face, wet with the spit of her own trachea. Pressure lifted from her wrists, ankles, and abdomen. She began to float from the padded pod where she lay.

Jack's clumsy fingers found rails on either edge of the pod. She held herself within, panted. She swallowed dryly, blinked, surveyed the pod, her white sleep shorts and top, the room about her. After a moment, she groaned in recognition and disappointment. Any arousal she'd experienced had flown with her dream, left her with naught but a sodden crotch in a chilly room.

"Good morning, Specialist Jaqueline Kent," said a voice, at once sonorous and very dull. 

Jack tried to sit up and look over the side of the bed. The inertia of the action strained her fingers. Her hands split from the rail. She floated from the bed, frowned. 

Across the room was a crop-haired man in red. His cotton jumpsuit strained where it failed to accommodate his chest and back. He had cold, blue eyes and a pointed nose. He held onto a support rail, feet firmly affixed to the vaguely-concave floor in magnet boots. 

"Who the fu..." coughed Jack, barely audible. She rasped. "The fuck are you?" She inadvertently turned upside down in the microgravity, crossed her arms over her floating tits. 

"My pardon, Specialist Kent. My designation is Sam."

"You're..." said Jack, trying to find a more dignified stance. She failed, ended up sort of weakly kicking off the side wall. She made a face as she clipped the stasis pod, wheeled into Sam. Her face collided with his broad chest. He caught her there. For a moment, Jack's cheek and nose pressed into him. He was firm, but soft. He smelled of soap and salt. 

"You're a service unit, an organic android?" she said, frowning, as Sam pulled her away from him.

"Indeed."

"Why isn't this place being spun for gravity?" raged Jack, shuffling from his grasp. Strong fingers released from her upper arms.

"The habitat is spun for only eight hours of the 24-hour cycle, per regulated health minimums. Generator and battery capacity are prioritized for the lighthouse array, rather than gravity rotors. The next spin commences tonight, in several minutes," said Sam, smiling thinly. "For now, please accept these mag boots."

"Fine," said Jack, cold. She bumped against the wall, struggled to pull a boot on. The other floated away. She made a face, huffed, weak from stasis sleep. "Please, allow me," said Sam. For just a moment, Jack twisted her face as if to protest, but relented. She moved close, allowed the android to wrap an arm around each of her calves in turn, slip a boot over the foot, and strap it tight. For a moment, she relaxed, felt the long hands wrap near-entirely round her bare ankles. They were firm, but not rough. Sam moved away. "There."

Jack tentatively pushed away, set a foot to the floor, felt it stick. "Thanks," she said, quietly. 

"Allow me to show you around the lighthouse. Afterwards, you may recuperate. It will only take a moment. The station is not large, and I understand by your Company service record that you have served in this role before."

"There wasn't an android on my last lighthouse. I do this job because I like the solitude."

Sam looked genuinely regretful. "I am sorry. You must understand I was attached to this station by the company. I am their property."

"Yeah, yeah," said Jack, seeing his face. A spike of empathy broke through her grumpiness. "You don't seem like bad company, anyway. What model are you?" she said, as Sam opened the hatch for them to exit. 

"I am a Serault Corporation Ceres-6," he said, stepping through. Jack followed. The concave floor of the room beyond was double-walled transparent alloy. It acted as a gigantic window out onto the red and purple nebula which the lighthouse was meant to warn of. Along the walls, set so one might look down into the nebula, were leather benches, a few pod chairs, and a bed with microgravity webbing, all somewhat worn. Crimson light played over the white upholstery and sheets. 

Jack looked over the living quarters, far nicer than she'd had before. She gaped at the nebula for a moment, watched a streak of magenta light cross Sam's eyes and face. "So, you're one of those white-blooded ones?"

"My internal serum is a sucrose base. It serves modified roles in all my body fluids. It is indeed an off-white."

"Sucrose? A real sweetie, huh?"

"If indeed it were to be tasted, my serum would taste of sugar." He looked her in the eyes, terribly sincere.

Jack looked away, grinned uncomfortably. "Right. Have any other special features?" she said, sarcastic.

"As Ceres-6 models are designed for small crew missions, our personality precepts are mutable. We change in reaction or in request to facilitate maximum compatibility."

"Ah, well. Good to know." Jack looked about awkwardly, arms crossed. "I take it this is my room?"

"Indeed, this is the lighthouse keeper's room," he blinked at her, slow.

"And where do you sleep?"

"Though I do not often enter my hibernation cycle, I have a pod in the crew maintenance room we just exited."

Jack suddenly uncrossed her arms, waved one about. "Listen, do you need to stare me straight in the eyeballs all the time? It's freaking me out."

"Would you prefer I focus on a different portion of your body?" said Sam. He concernedly looked at her left foot. 

"Like, shit. No. Just let your eyes wander like a normal person, okay?"

"Understood," said Sam. He glanced at her eyes, then about the room, then down into the floor-window.

"A little less wildly, maybe."

"Yes, Specialist Kent." His eyes flitted over Jack, focused momently on the nipples poking through her airy sleep top. Jack crossed her arms, blushed. "And call me Jack, not Specialist Kent."

"Understood, Jack."

"And smile a bit more."

"Of course," he said, doing so. Jack shivered, not from the chill air. The lines which pulled about the android's eyes and nose bridge turned the cold face quite warm. It stayed that way.

"Well," said Jack, hesitating. "We're getting on better already," she said, only half as sarcastic as she meant. "Can we continue the tour? I could use a shower."

"Of course." He continued to a hatch on the other side of the room. Jack stepped through as well. They entered a circular room with a ladder in the center. The walls were ringed with computer panels and other hatches.

"This is the primary communication room. Here, you-"

"Sam, I know how to use the comms."

"My apologies," he said. "This hatch leads to the EVA room. This one to the galley. This one to life support. The ladder leads up to the secondary systems and down to engineering."

"I take it life support has the shower?"

"Indeed."

"Great. Anything else?"

"No. We commence operation tomorrow morning, approximately an hour after the eight-hour spin." He broke off for a moment, canted his head. His eyes trailed over Jack's bare abdomen, likely by chance. She squirmed, regardless. Sam raised his eyebrows, continued. "The spin, which I believe should commence now."

There was a jerk, a hollow whine in the hull of the station, a rush in Jack's ears. Jack and Sam slowly settled under the centrifugal forces. Jack adjusted her shorts, surreptitiously. "I'm going to shower."

"There are requisite uniforms and undergarments waiting for you."

"Gee, thanks for laying out my underwear."

"Of course, Jack."

Jack shook her head, kicked off the mag boots, stomped to the life support bay. She shut the hatch with a good deal of force. The bathroom was behind a secondary hatch, near the spare air purification tanks and the waterless laundry engine. It was stark, shiny white, floored with nobly grip tiles. There were indeed clothes laid out for her: A red jumpsuit and white boyshorts. Jack passed them just a glance before dropping her shorts and top. Naked, she passed the small mirror, sneered at her baggy eyes, her body, depilated for stasis sleep.

She stepped into the shower. A touch panel reading "Shower Ration: 2 Minutes," met her.

"Same old station-life," she groaned, punched the Start key.

A vertical shower hit from above. Mist quickly filled the room. Jack moaned for the heat, turned her head and chest to face the stream. Little rivulets poured from her nose, chin, nipples. At these she looked askance, gently surprised. She cupped, rubbed one between thumb and forefinger experimentally, sighed a little. She repeated this with both, sighed a lot. Doing so, suddenly quite determined, she stepped back and leaned back, pressed her rump against the white wall. One hand, the right one, slipped between her hairless legs, which she widened just sufficiently. They wobbled a bit, weak from stasis. She leaned harder against the wall, slipped a middle finger over and through her dripping vulva, split the lips, found it dripping inside, too. The left hand joined, found the clit, elicited a hum, a bitten lip. Several wet seconds later, a groan. Jack's face tipped upwards. Her thighs twitched. Droplets hit her screwed-up eyelids, her open mouth.

The water stopped abruptly. Jack jerked upright. "Motherfucker," she said, a cry fading into a mumble. She leaned through the steam, slightly pigeontoed, read the touch panel. It said, "Time until next Shower Ration: 18 hours." Jack rubbed her temples, groaned resignedly. The cold of the station was already seeping into the shower. Quickly, she dried, performed her remaining ablutions, threw on the insulated red jumpsuit over still-aching nipples.

Jack emerged to find Sam in the life-support bay. He was shirtless, jumpsuit rolled at the waste, supine beneath a large conduit emitting steam. Droplets rolled over his long fingers and corded forearms, dripped and slid over an expanse of blond-furred chest. Veins stood out in his neck and arms, swollen from the effort of having just slotted a hefty filter into place. As Jack approached, he turned.

"Jack," he said, emerging carefully from under the conduit. He panted gently, lips parted just a tad. They were pink, creased. Human. "How are we?"

"I'm fine, thanks," said Jack, forcibly pulling her eyes to his. She looked for a moment longer, watched a vein pulse on his temple. "If you don't mind me saying, you're damn realistic, aren't you?"

"I am, on the exterior, functionally and visually indistinguishable from a human man."

"Yup," said Jack, moving to leave. 

"Jack?"

She turned back a moment. "Yes?"

"Is the station too cold for your comfort?" His eyes brows, cream and near-invisible, were arched in concern.

Jack squinted, raised an eyebrow. "No. It's fine."

"Good. And, do make sure to have the appropriate post-stasis ration packs. I have concerns your flight here has left you low on muscle mass."

Jack turned away. "Yeah."

She opened the hatch to her quarters, shut it with a huff. One protein pack later, she had stripped off her jumpsuit, dead asleep.

Hours later, Jack woke to a crimson nebulaic glow. She floated, bleary, in the microgravity webbing. The vibrating hum of the spin-rotors had died. Now, there was merely silence. Dully, Jack moved to turn over under the webbing. As her thighs shifted, she felt a tingling wetness from some dream she couldn't remember. Idly, half asleep, she let a fingertip creep down her belly, trace over the soaked groin of her shorts, begin to prod, massage. She hummed, rubbed her cheek into the netting. 

Nearby, a hatch creaked open. Jack jerked awake, hang back her hand, froze.

"Ready to get to work, Specialist Jack?"

Jack groaned. "Yup," she said. Sam nodded, smiled, retreated into the comms room. The hatch clacked shut.

Only after clambering out of the sleep webbing did Jack realize her floating tits had been in full view. The Corporation had some odd opinions about bras in space. Jack shook her head. "Chill, girl. Robot doesn't care."

The proceeding five hours were a floating blur. Jack stood in the comms room, directed ship after ship in non-collision courses around the nebula. The job was a steep and constant series of calls and responses to incoming and waiting craft. Sam assisted.

"Astroliner 313, after well veer, climb straight ahead five degrees Kepler. Thank you." 

"Jack, we have a Corsican military craft requesting expedited access," said Sam.

"Tell him to follow the greens and stand by for expedite."

"EES Pearl River is expressing a complaint."

"Send them the docs. They can deal with the Company." She changed channels. "Yes, Arrowtine Sirius, you have permission to take route bravo in five. Thank you."

"Jack, I'm directing Designate 476 to hold. Their cargo requires maximum berth."

"Thanks, Sam."

Sam smiled thinly at her. He had started doing that more often. His eyes stayed crinkled kindly, when he did. Jack kept watching him. 

Abruptly, Sam frowned. "Jack, we have an error."

"What?" 

"New connections are timing out. We have a receiver down from debris strike."

"Debris?"

"Yes. The nebula produces particulates. Usually inconsequential."

"Shit. I'm putting out a mass hold signal." She frowned, tapped a glowing panel. "Yeah. Fourth quadrant antenna's lost a tine. Got to EVA and plant a new one."

"I will prepare your EVA suit."

"Thanks."

Minutes later, they were at the twin doors of the airlock. Both were translucent alloy, showed the nebula beyond. Sam was retrieving EVA suit segments from a locker. Jack, connected by one foot to the decking, worried at her jumpsuit zipper, peered out into space.

"Jack?"

"Yeah?"

"Are you well? I understand even specialists have qualms regarding free-body spacewalks."

"It's not that. I've just got to dress. Just look away."

"Ah, of course." He did.

The zipper whispered, shuffled. A mag boot floated past Sam's head, stuck to the ceiling beside. There was a stretching sound, a scrape, a bump. "Shit."

"Jack, I understand microgravity handling was your only Academy score below 20."

"No shit."

"We cannot dawdle. Please allow me to help you, despite your modesty."

"Fine."

Sam turned. His eyes briefly flitted over Jack dressed in naught but white shorts, arms crossed, blushing. She waved her free foot at a long, floating EVA boot. "Come on then." 

Efficiently, Sam took the boot in one hand and Jack in the other. With one arm, he maneuvered the weightless Jack. He set her back against his chest and lap, and, holding the metal collar of a boot, positioned it so she might extend a leg. Jack held still for a moment. It was very much like someone helping a three-year-old put on socks. Tentatively, she extended a foot, pressed it into the boot.

"Why are these so fucking tight?" she said.

"These suit designs use compression as an essential element in their climatic systems. You must use more force."

Jack grumbled, shoved, felt herself press back into the android. His chest was broad, soft. She shoved harder, felt her rear press into his pelvis. She froze: Between and under his narrow hipbones, the android's cock was firm. It pressed, semi-aroused, into Jack's ass. 

Jack paused, arms crossed. She listened for some sign from the android. Sam gave not a sign anything was the matter. She wriggled her rump a little. Still no response. With strange haste, Jack continued stuffing her foot fully into the tall boot. She felt Sam's fingers incidentally brush her inner thigh as he tugged the collar up her leg. Swiftly, they performed the same maneuver with the second boot. Jack shoved hard, felt the android's hard body massage the burgeoning ache in her groin. Sam gave a little huff of effort. Unwilfully, Jack groaned too.

"Help me with the rest," she stuttered.

"Of course." 

With every element of EVA suit peeled and stretched onto her body, Jack pushed back. She relished every firm touch, every tight glove and body segment smoothed under Sam's hands. In response, the android began to handle her more roughly. With perfect calm, he turned her in the microgravity like a doll, assembled the suit with force and precision. When it came time to stretch the suit-top over her, Jack simply bared her covered chest, sighed as Sam first pulled the material over her arms, then pressed it tight into her waist, her ribs, her breasts.

"I'm glad to see you appear relaxed before EVA, Jack," said Sam, locking her bubble helmet in place. He released her, and she connected magnetically to the floor. Though the suit wasn't stuffy, she was pink in the face, warm between her legs. 

She turned to him. "I..." she said, then stopped, stifling a grin at the sight of the android. In his tight jumpsuit, an erection was obvious, trapped down the side of one leg. She composed herself, looked to his eyes. "I find I like it when you help me."

"I enjoy helping you."

"I can tell."

Sam smiled. "We must hurry and fix that antenna."

Jack nodded, perhaps clumsily. She pulled on a thruster pack, a kit of tools on tethers, turned to the airlock. The lights of a heads-up display flickered to life on the inside of her bowl-helmet. The first airlock door rotated away. She stepped through, heard it clunk shut behind her. "Airlock cycle commencing," said Sam, in her helmet intercom. There was a growing hiss. Over the space of thirty seconds, Jack was enveloped in vacuum. 
