 Chapter Three

Scott woke to his bed-partner's scream. After failing to get to sleep for a seemingly endless two hours he had given up—so it seemed—and found solace in Catsy Vere's bed. What he recalled more was hatching the idea rather than the actual act itself at the moment. Still, his whereabouts in these early hours of the morning spoke for itself.

He already had her cradled in the circle of his arms. Surprisingly, she hadn't awoken when he'd dared to hold her. He gave her a small, reassuring squeeze and then her struggling began. He was at a loss for what to do to vanquish whatever demons plagued her. Since his holding her seemed to be the source of her heightened discomfort he had started to think about releasing her. He was reluctant but he'd just about managed to pull his body away from her when she spoke, shocking him back out of drowsiness.

'No...! Please don't—it hurts! Please... I don't wanna be here... -please... I can't take it anymore...!' It was then he realised that she was breaking out in tears. That, as well as what she'd said, really made him angry. He had no idea that she felt that tortured in her life at the Centre. There had been many times in his younger years where he had fought his fate at every turn. Those events had diminished and their causes forgotten over time. He'd begun to accept his lot. Catsy obviously felt much worse than he ever did. He felt infuriatingly unable to help her in that area of her life. In light of that he was able to justify letting her roll away from him to the other side of the bed when she tried to push him off.

Without warning two doctors came into the room. One was brandishing a rather nasty-looking syringe. Scott eased himself up more out of bewilderment than for any other motive. They were an agitating interruption to his privacy with Catsy but as yet they posed no real threat. He could handle them and it was only a matter of time until they pissed him off enough to push him into action. Briefly, he wondered if they had been aware of his presence in Catsy's rooms before they entered.

'Naughton, we don't want any trouble from you.' This doctor was one that Scott instantly recalled as being harsh to patients so he was marginally glad this one wasn't the one holding the needle. He believed his name was 'Harrison' but his memory was exceedingly hazy at this hour of the morning and he couldn't be sure.

'Whether you're going to get trouble depends on why you've barged in here.'

'Catsy Vere experiences severe night terrors on a regular basis. Coming in to sedate her has become commonplace. She usually doesn't even wake up so she isn't troubled by any of this.' Dr Raleigh drawled as he readied the syringe. Now this was a doctor Scott was more familiar with, so he chose to address him over Harrison.

'You must already know that I won't be letting you stick that thing in her arm. It doesn't solve anything at all; it's just easier for you to shut her up and leave her with her problems. I am here now. I will handle it.' Scott still wasn't sure how just yet but he was sure as hell not going to let her be drugged.

'Harrison, restrain her. Scott you have got to understand that it gives her a much deeper and less fretful sleep. It does everyone involved a favour and we do need to act with consideration to the other patients living in this block.'

Scott moved closer to her as she continued her fitful slumber. It was a warning for Harrison to desist trying anything regarding her restraint. 'Don't think I'll be apprehensive about knocking you out; not even for a second, Harrison.'

Answering for Harrison, Dr Raleigh said, 'He has no choice but to attempt it. If we fail, we'll call for backup. Either way this needs to be done unless you can assure us you've got this under control.' Catsy let out another succession of screams interspersed with sobbing. Scott frowned and turned his attention to her sorry form beside him.

'Catsy... please—' at that moment Catsy chose to sit bolt upright. Tears streamed down her soft and gentle face and her crying became more pronounced. She was looking straight at Harrison when she made her plea for them not to hurt her. However Scott couldn't be too sure how awake she really was. He turned to Dr Raleigh, 'if you let me hold her down I might be willing to let you sedate her. Just get Harrison out of here or else I will.'

Dr Raleigh gave the barest of nods to Harrison for him to leave and though Harrison hesitated at first he knew he had to remove himself. Scott hadn't liked the reaction Dr Harrison had caused in Catsy nor the accompanying look on the vile man's face. For that reason alone Scott had been willing to compromise.

'You're going to have to hold her down firmly. Catsy hasn't been able to trust a soul here yet. And she's definitely not going to appreciate being held down by you. It's not going to help your cause.' Dr Raleigh made his way around the bed to where Catsy was sat shaking. Scott gently wrapped his arms around her shoulders. She was frantic and jerked her head around to look at him when she was pulled to his chest. Her panic did lessen noticeably. --Most likely because of the comforting warmth from Scott rather than him in particular. Catsy sniffed and cried quietly to herself, flinching when she was given the needle. 'It shouldn't take much longer than a minute. This lasts until morning.' With that Dr Raleigh took himself out and locked the door behind him. Catsy was still crying when Scott tried to pull her down onto the bed with him. She fought valiantly against both him and the effects of the sedative.

'Catsy... It's okay, lie down. Everything will be all right. I wouldn't let you get hurt.' He succeeded in getting her to lie down as the drugs took effect. Her struggling got weaker and weaker.

'I don't wanna be here...'

'Well I want you here.'

'No...! Get away from me...'

'I can't do that Catsy. Trust me, you're safe. It's just me --Dr Naughton.' This seemed to get her attention. She stared at him in wonder.

'Scott?' Scott smiled down into her glassy eyes, which were now backlit with recognition.

'Yes, it's Scott.' He'd never considered that she might not realise who he was. Now that Catsy knew he wasn't any threat she calmed down and stopped fighting the sleepiness. With what must have been no little effort for her at this stage, she lifted her hands up to rest on his shoulders and squeezed him delicately.

'Scott....' Seemingly at peace, she promptly nuzzled his neck and drifted back into the depths of sleep.

She left Scott aghast. He could very well be the only person in the world that Catsy Vere trusted at all. The very idea of it caused a smile to curve his lips. What was a first for her was also a first for him that had been a long time in coming.

Catsy was furious as she sat at one of the many breakfast tables the next morning. All of the people at her table were what she would loosely term 'friends' but with that said, they hadn't actually enquired as to why she was so visibly angered. She had to admit that at the moment it was a foible that worked for her. If she'd been forced to explain her ire it would only make things worse. Catsy didn't fool herself with thinking she'd be able to contain her temper. The resulting scene would have drawn attention to herself and she'd have been embarrassed beyond measure. It should have been a relief to be able to sulk in silence but she found herself incapable of feeling any sort of warm or positive emotion this morning.

She wanted to strangle him. That morning she had woken up groggy from a dreamless sleep to find trouble breathing. It had been due to the heavy arm lying across her chest that belonged to the large arrogant form of Scott sleeping beside her. --Without her permission to do so. Her feelings on the subject must have been misinterpreted, since he should have honoured her decision not to spend the night with him. Just because Catsy had said she wouldn't stay in his room that night, it didn't mean he must therefore go and share her room. Surely he must have misunderstood her for he couldn't be that high-handed, could he? With a frustrated growl she had answered her own question; of course he could! In her constant appraisal of him during the past month how had she missed such a jutting character flaw?

Summoning up all the strength she had in her bleary half-asleep state she had tried hefting his arm off of her. Nothing she did seemed enough to wake him. So deep it was he slept. At last it was Catsy sliding out from under his arm that had made his lids rise up ever so slightly and pin her leg down with his thigh. Scott had taken a deep languorous breath and chose to raise his brows indignantly before he even bothered to open his eyes fully.

The daft man had had the courage to smile briefly before opening his mouth. 'I don't think I've ever had the pleasure of sleeping so deeply or as soundly as I did last night. You had a similar experience, hmm?' Catsy found his sleep-roughened voice endearing that morning despite her anger at finding him in her bed. Indulgence for his behaviour had almost come to the fore until he'd dashed his chance for a reprieve by stroking his large hand across the curve of her breast. The sexual implication had been unmistakable and she had decided then that he must be the most presumptuous man in the whole complex.

'Dr Naughton—! I have been through nights like last night enough to know that the quality of my sleep last night would have been because of the drugs I was given and not, in any way, because of you.'

'Now that is a lie. --You've never spent a night quite like the one we've just been through. I can attest to that.' There had been an odd gleam in his eyes that he quickly banished before he continued. 'I take it you're upset at finding me here this morning?' Scott eyed her nightgown with distaste.

For a moment he was distracted by the thin silk that was covering her nipple from his view and he didn't notice how rigid she had become.

'Dr Naughton—'

'--Scott.'

'Dr Naughton, you had no right to enter my bedroom against my wishes. If you do this again I will...' To her, Scott had looked irritatingly amused by her lack of a threat.

'What...?'

'Well I'll...! I'll...' In the meantime she'd stalled by using the opening awarded her to get out of bed and search for clothes. Catsy was grimly aware that she wouldn't be able to stop him from making love to her seeing as in comparison to her, physically he was close to godlike in strength. TLT Centre staff was also an unlikely source of help now that they'd made it clear already that they wouldn't intervene. And she could only make guesses as to why. 'I'll stop being a willing bed partner!'

His eyes had narrowed for that was easily the only threat that would cause him concern. 'You can't mean that.'

'Really, I'm surprised that bothers you at all.' Came her cool reply while her head had been bent over an open drawer. When no cutting retort had floated back she turned to find Scott frowning absently down at where she had lain on the bed. He was still propped up on one elbow, hair in sleepy disarray, where she had left him. She began to question whether his age really was an issue because the man seemed awfully deaf.

'I'm not deaf.' He'd bit out before he could catch himself. Then, he tried to pretend he hadn't seen the startled look on her face. He raked his spare hand through the side of his hair. '—I was considering my weak nature. I wouldn't force myself upon you, even if your low expectations of me say otherwise. The horrible truth is that though we may reach such a stalemate, there are certain people that would take charge and make the decision for us. I can safely make the assumption that physical force isn't below them either.'

Catsy studied him critically, 'yes, why is that? All of a sudden the Centre seems to want us together. I realised after I came back to my room that they should have come in and put a stop to things since they would have been monitoring your room the whole time, but they didn't. They would have just let me rape you,'

Scott stifled a chuckle which drew her usual glare to him.

She continued, 'Nor did they do anything to remove you last night when they came in to sedate me.' He had winced bitterly at this stage but he'd no doubt known the question would come. There wasn't any point in dodging the issue.

'I handed in my formal request yesterday. --After you came to me for your physical,' he said; deadpan.

'Formal...' She'd started calmly. Her voice turned accusatory on the next word as revelation dawned. 'Request...? Y-you asked m-me if I trusted your opinion b-because you chose me as your...!' Her anger over the fact that he had done it behind her back without her being privy to his choice in the least over-shadowed the flicker of joy she'd felt at realising he had wanted her before she'd made her move for him.

Still blank-faced Scott finished her thought-line for her, '--mate. I chose you as my permanent partner. I've been putting it off for too long and I didn't think you'd be willing so I didn't bother asking. I made the stipulation that you weren't to be with anyone else so I knew I'd effectively saved you from the clutches of men who weren't going to be as gentle as I was. Naturally a lot of people would contradict that fact if you asked them but still—I did ask you if you trusted me. I found out by fluke after our appointment that they had planned to sell you to an aging man in America next year but of course; that's out of the question now because they wouldn't dare try to take you from m—'

'You didn't think I'd be... willing... so you -didn't ask?' The question had been put to him with a deathly calm that was deceptive. In one smooth movement he was off the bed and stood at her side. Catsy could feel his warm breath on her neck and with a feeling that she had been betrayed by her body she fought not to lean back into him. But fight it—she did. Catsy had spun round and confronted him. 'How dare you make assumptions like that about me! You—you made such an important decision about my life without even knowing what I wanted!' With that parting show of anger she had vacated the room. She'd been too angry to care about her lack of proper clothing and had changed into the ones she'd grabbed in the closest bathroom.

Her room was awfully quiet without her. Scott closed the two drawers of her tallboy that she had been remiss in closing before storming out. They were already down to making threats. Then again, he had to admit, what else could she do against him? As it was there was little she could use to threaten him. Perhaps he should make managing him a little easier for her... -Surrender some control? --He wasn't so sure that would be easy. Scott stretched his arms and shoulders, raising his eyes to the ceiling.

Looking around at what has been her home for the last two decades, he wondered if he could really come to know her. Her life hadn't been long but there was already so much he had yet to learn about dealing with her; so much of herself she had yet to share with him. By comparison he had to admit that he must be a daunting bedfellow. --In more ways than one.

There were very few trinkets lying about. People only had what they were given or what they made themselves. --And the Centre didn't give you much. There was a poor attempt at cross-stitch hung on the wall next to her door. A paddock filled with brightly coloured flowers. It looked so clumsy that he had to guess Catsy had made it while she was still a child. He also noticed a plush chicken in the corner -- or so he supposed -- with stitched features and extra material attached as little wings. It looked like the design had been chosen simply because it was an easier shape than a teddy would have been. He smiled imagining that all the other children had probably gone for bears or dogs while she had sat stuffing her chicken. There was nothing around that she'd made recently. The only other personal items were her clothing. Her jacket was slung over the back of her desk chair. A book he supposed was her diary was on the desk. She'd left her recreational hobbies with her childhood.

They had all gone through something resembling schooling from the ages of six to fifteen. It supplied them with the basics of what they needed to know to get by if they were to be sold into the real world. Not all of them would make it that far. All the prime specimens were kept for the breeding program. --At least for the foreseeable future.

Considering her compatibility with him, why had they been preparing to sell her?

Scott left for his own quarters and showered and dressed with the intention of heading to the cafeteria. He knew that's where Catsy had to have been headed. He'd just finished shaving when his doorbell buzzed. He opened the door to Dr Sparks, TLT's head of staff.

Sparks held up the clipboard in greeting, 'Naughton. --Big news amongst staff. In my office? There are a few things to go over.' Scott eyed the man impatiently as he buttoned his shirt and rolled up his sleeves.

He decided to relent, 'you can walk and talk. I'm on my way to the Caff.'

'The Caff?' Scott ignored Sparks' attempt at surreptitiously keying that into his beeper to forewarn the guards posted there. 'Any trouble?' Sparks reattached the beeper to his belt. Scott pushed past him and together they headed in the direction of the cafeteria.

'No. No trouble.'

'You know I wouldn't rush you, Naughton, but as soon as you submitted your recommendation last night the higher ups have been putting pressure on us to get you and Miss Vere settled in the breeding program. It's all they've been talking about! We've made the largest shared-accommodation room ready for the both of you to move into -- assuming that's the plan...?' When Scott said nothing, he continued, 'after last night, her cycle would have activated. You would have noticed how emotional she's been since then, yes? We are prepared to take action if you don't take steps to activate your own.' The look in Scott's eyes could have silenced a devil. They were stood outside the cafeteria doors. Scott had been ready to go in but he changed his mind and rounded on the man.

'Your priorities—the Centre's priorities—are not to be confused with my own. I understand how eager you must be to start accepting bids for our future offspring, but my relationship with her is more important. Not just more important than the breeding program; it supersedes your life.

I want to know why she was being health-checked for the breeding program while also being auctioned for selling. I get the impression all of you expected that she was a match-candidate for me and said nothing. I think TLT feared she'd be the wrong sort of influence on me and you were prepared to take her out of the picture just to continue this truce we've had these past years. You had all better watch yourselves if I find this to be true.'

Catsy had been surprised he hadn't followed after her or stopped her. Maybe he was smarter than she gave him credit for.

She didn't even realise she'd been frowning with a glazed look in her eyes in her companions' directions. The two of them were shifting uncomfortably under her gaze and nibbling their breakfast without much interest. Catsy caught herself and shook her head back to reality -- she was unsure why they hadn't just changed tables instead of sitting there bearing the brunt of her mood. She didn't bother to apologise. It was their fault after all... Although, she had to grudgingly accept that her lack of apology might be due to her sulking. --But why did she feel so open and vulnerable? Like her skin was being pinpricked all over... She focussed and scanned the room. Surely enough, Scott was over the far end at a table on his own and scowling at her. Catsy looked back down at her untouched food and reluctantly picked up her utensils. Why did he sit alone? Was he friendly with no one here? Furthermore, when did he start eating in the cafeteria with everyone else...?
