 The US government swears androids are not sentient. They assure everyone that companies like Speculation.net Robot Inc follow all the protocol and install all of the safety protocols that are demanded of them. No matter what happened to it an android should never be able to have a thought for itself. 

Of course there are a lot of strange things that happen in the world that even the US government can't predict. All over the mega cities of America and Asia there are little stories playing out hidden away. This is one of those stories.

...

T3CHE was programmed to take care of children. It was very good at it. Shaped like a tall man with a bald head its back plate was slightly curved and it wore a tweed jacket over his plas-skin covering. Overall it looked like an old fashioned professor from several centuries ago. It was quite caring. It taught the children everything it knew and it made an effort to learn anything the children wanted to know that it didn't already contain in its memory. It had already downloaded the entirety of the New York Public Library's data collection and had a permanent connection to the net besides. 

T3CHE liked children. It took care of five children from the ages of eleven to five. It would remove itself from its charging booth in their living room and collect the children. It would use its holographic and voice to teach each child. The children would stay enraptured by its lessons for hours. The children would all call it 

In summer it would lead the children down the block, across a very busy street and to a nearby park. There the lessons would be conducted under the trees. T3CHE liked walking to the park for two reasons. The children were always happy to play in the park. They loved the sun and would play on the play structures. T3CHE was always very careful to follow and catch them if they got stuck or fell. All five of the children would never cry though because T3CHE would ask them to be strong like it. 

The other reason T3CHE liked walking to the park was crossing the street. There in the middle always stood TR41K, an android like him, built a year later when their parent company Speculation.net Robot Inc had switched from male to female chassis. She looked nearly entirely human. She was shorter than T3CHE by an inch but straight backed. Her metal frame had a more curvy and sturdy frame in case she was struck by a malfunctioning vehicle. Traffic robots were always built in human shapes so drivers would know to avoid them.

T3CHE had processed a lot of books and poetry about beauty. T3CHE thought that maybe TR41K was beautiful. She had hair. The robot was slightly jealous and felt ashamed of his bald head. It was short, tied up at the back. It probably couldn't be untied but was set that way out of wire. But T3CHE didn't care. She had a pleasant face, round and happy. She seemed always to smile at the children when it walked the children by. She never seemed to notice T3CHE though. It wondered if it had these thoughts because she was a newer model than him. She was sleeker and had more human like curves. Speculation.net Robot Inc had not bothered too much with the male models, square chested, thick legs. But the females were almost human. Her plas-skin looked almost real, with tiny fibers sticking out to collect sensory data. As a traffic robot she would record every touch of a vehicle if anything crashed into her. Speculation.net Robot Inc wanted to be able to sue the culprit as thoroughly as possible.

Sometimes when T3CHE was in the park it would leave the children, only for a moment, to stand at the far corner where he could see TR41K standing in the middle of the street directing traffic. Maybe it was the summer heat but T3CHE's heating fans would spin a little faster. After a few years the middle child, now 10, stood beside T3CHE and leaned around its legs to see what it was looking at. The girl blinked at the sight of the traffic robot. T3CHE didn't notice its charge at first, it was noticing the golden glint of TR41K's hair. 

"You should go talk to her."

"Just go over and talk to her." T3CHE slowly realized someone was speaking to it. It rewound its audible memories. It looked down at the little girl with an expression of surprise.

"Why would I do that?" It asked confused.

"Because you like her stupid."

...

The oldest child, now 18 had left T3CHE's charge and had gone to a real school. The other children would still play in the park but instead of lessons T3CHE would do something very strange. It would walk slowly over to the crosswalk. If anyone had watched they would say it was nervous. It would slowly make its way to the traffic in the middle of the road and speak to it as vehicles whizzed about them. Then the two of them would walk back to the park and sit next to each other on a bench. They didn't seem to speak much. But androids always have other ways of communicating. 

The middle child, now 13 always smiled when she saw them sitting there. Everyone else seemed to ignore them. 

One day in August T3CHE and TR41K were sitting on the bench. T3CHE was explaining the intricacies of epic poetry when he noticed something odd. The oldest child, who the robot no longer gave lessons to was also in the park. The girl was sitting with a gangly boy with floppy hair. She seemed to be smiling at this boy a lot and the two teenagers were holding hands. TR41K turned to look at what it was looking at. She smiled, slightly confused. 

"What are they doing?" She communicated.

"I don't know. They are touching each others hands. I think it is a common form of expressing affection to another human." T3CHE explained. TR41K didn't respond. T3CHE continued to watch his former student. She seemed very happy. The boy looked rather shocked to be causing this and was trying to play it off. Suddenly T3CHE felt something very odd. It looked down and saw T3CHE's small hand wrapped around its own hand on the bench seat. Her hand felt warm in its hand. The plas-skin was smooth and his sensors picked up the texture of her palm against the back of its hand. Its fans seemed to get louder.

They sat that way for some time. T3CHE was so distracted by the warm hand holding its that it didn't notice that the teenage girl and the boy were doing something different now. 

TR41K broke the silence. "What are they doing now?"

T3CHE looked up. The girl was pressing her face closer and closer to the boy and had closed her eyes. The boy seemed startled at this, quickly blew on his hand and sniffed it. The girl held her face upwards with lips pursed. The boy then quickly leaned in and place his own lips on hers. T3CHE felt a little strange. Surely they were swapping germs, they shouldn't do that. But when it glanced at TR41K it saw that she was smiling and suddenly it felt different.

"Another sign of affection. It is called 'kissing.' I believe some people simply press their lips together. Others also touch tongues." He was still looking at TR41K as he described the action. She turned from the couple on the bench across the park and smiled at him instead.

"Shall we try as well?" She asked simply. T3CHE's fans were spinning as fast as they could. She sat up on the bench and leaned up to him, not waiting for its answer and pressed her lips to his. They were slightly warm against his from the sun. He felt them move against his, the plas-skin lips rasping together slightly. Slowly he opened his mouth slightly and used his tongue, a simple plastic pad to touch the inside of her lips. He felt her tongue do the same. Despite the odd sensation of plastic flaps colliding he felt a jolt inside him. 

Across the park the 13 year old child stopped at the top of the slide and watched. She grinned to herself.

...

When the little girl was 18 herself and T3CHE had stopped teaching any of the children, the younger ones all being sent to a human school, people would look strangely at the traffic robot and the old looking tutoring robot sitting next to each other occasionally turning to each other and pressing their faces together in a crude imitation of a kiss. 

One morning something new happened when T3CHE walked to the park from his charging booth, now moved to the house's backyard, kept only by the insistence of the little girl. There was a piece of paper tacked to their bench. T3CHE looked down at it with curiosity. It was an advertisement for an illegal android modification shop. He carefully picked it up and was about to throw it in the trash bin nearby. But the picture startled him. It was a naked woman, but she was an android. Instead of the sexless body of a normal droid she had breasts with nipples and a vagina with a dusting of hair. He was startled. Would a human gets this for their droids? He read the text on the page. The shop offered all sorts of modifications for humans who wanted sex with droids. Female sex organs, and right at the bottom was something that caught T3CHE's eye, male sex organs, and right below it, hair transplants. 

There was a noise behind him and he spun around feeling guilty. There in her orange vest and jeans was TR41K. She looked at him inquisitively. Feeling slightly ashamed T3CHE held out the paper. She looked down at it for a second before reaching out and taking it. 

"Androids can look like this?" She looked up at him astonished. If she had blood she would be blushing.

"Yes. Humans sometimes modify their androids." 

"Why?"

"I'm not sure, it has something to do with sex. But my Child Protection Programing doesn't allow me to know what that is."

There was a rustling in the bushes nearby and someone said "shit.' The tall and nobly girl that fell out of the bushes stood up and brushed the leaves off her stained overalls. T3CHE looked at her curiously. It was the little girl who had told him to speak to TR41K. Had she come to demand he thank her? Only now did he realize he had never spoken to her about it.

"I want to-" he started. But she cut him off.

"I'm sorry I forgot you don't understand sex! Come on sit on the bench and I'll explain."

It was almost evening when the little girl, now not so little at all, left waving back at the two slightly embarrassed robots. They sat next to each other not holding hands, looking forwards. After a solid minute, a long time for the fast brains of an android they turned and both began: 

"Do you-"

"Could we-"

...

They left the shop feeling very strange. Both androids had thick coats over them. T3CHE wore a hat pulled down as far as it would go. They didn't speak as they hurried through the rain leaving the neon high lighted modification shop. TR41K reached back and grabbed T3CHE's arm. They huddle together and most humans wouldn't have realized they weren't one of them. 

They pushed through the gray streets until they reached the small compartment TR41K inhabited next to the park. There she powered off when not directing traffic. They entered the automatic door together. There wasn't much room, just enough for TR41K to sit with her legs spread out. They stood inside together awkwardly not sure where to start. 

Slowly TR41K reached out and pulled at T3CHE's hat. It popped off and a mop of hair cascaded out. It was curly and made a mess on top of his head. TR41K giggled at the sight. His face, once a little silly now was framed by the hair, his well shaped chin and nose well accented. T3CHE then dropped his coat. Underneath he had underpants and nothing else. The pants were bulged outwards in a way T3CHE had never felt before. He felt sensors he had never had before. He imagined what she might look like underneath her coat. But she didn't move she was staring down at his chest and his pants. 

Smiling, feeling the odd sensation of a real fleshy feeling tongue in his mouth, he walked up to her and grabbed her hands. He pulled them to the bulge which quickly had sensed the heat and his requirements and began to grow hard and long. Her mouth opened slightly as she touched it through the cloth. He released her hands and reached for the lapel of her own coat. He pulled it down her shoulders. She barely wanted to let go of his underpants to let it slip off her arms. T3CHE stared down at her. Her curvy frame was filled out with real breasts. Between her legs was a thin garment of silk. 

He reached for it, grabbing the cloth he tore it in his hands surprised at how thin it was. It fell from between her legs revealing a patch of golden fuzz leading out of sight. He stood too close to her to see properly. He reached out for her breasts. His plas-skin palms recorded the soft feeling as it gave slightly. The nipples hardened under his touch, making hard nibs for him to roll between his fingers. TR41K gasped as he did so. 

"Sorry the sensors are very sensitive." T3CHE stopped. "No! Please continue. It feels... pleasurable."

He rolled her nipples between his fingers again and TR41K's mouth stayed open. Her hand had begun to pull at his underpants and slid it lower. His new penis pushed its way out of the brim the head sending him feelings of pleasure and texture as it rubbed his skin and the cloth. As she touched the head he felt a shock. It was a connection he had never felt before. A shooting feeling of pleasure. She pulled his underwear until it slid down his legs. His penis was fully erect, sticking out nearly perpendicular to his body. She wrapped her hand around it and slid her palm up and down it. T3CHE let out a surprised burst of binary. She smiled at him and did it again. And again and again. 

He reached for her, hugging her new body to him and kissed her. For the first time their new tongues met and their sensors gave each robot a data readout of how the other tasted. Both considered the readout as good. TR41K had purchased a strawberry flavored tongue, he had a "clean" flavor for the male tongues. They stayed like that for awhile. One of TR41K's hands stroking his new penis, his hands memorizing the texture of her naked back, his chest pressing into her new breasts. One of his hands followed the curve of her back down to her buttocks, squeezing the soft plas-flesh. She squirmed in his grip slightly and he squeezed a little bit harder. 

Together they sunk to the floor. As they did they found that the space was too small to lie properly. So T3CHE sat with his back up against the wall. TR41K sat partially over him with both legs over his, her chest still pressing into his left side. They quickly began kissing again enjoying each other as much as possible. T3CHE began to explore her legs with his right hand. Eager to explore the new attachment he stroked towards her groin, spreading her legs as he did. Her hand still stroked his penis and he felt a pleasant tightness developing. 

His fingertips found her hot vagina. Secretors inside had lubricated it amply and heaters kept it very warm. The sensors inside must have triggered as his fingers touched it because TR41K finally broke their kiss. She nearly jumped up as his fingers pressed into her. But she settled back down and grabbed him around the shoulders letting his penis go. As she squeezed him with her powerful arms, endangering his servos, he stroked his fingers up and down the plas-flesh flaps until he found the hole. It was easy to push into it, he could feel the top of the hole felt more textured than the bottom. As he curled his fingers insider her she squeezed harder and chirped morse code into his ear. 

"Yes, that feels good."

It only took a couple thrusts of his fingers before she was chirping incoherent beeps and strokes. Suddenly she tensed up and grabbed his hand. He stopped in surprise and fearing he had upset her put both hands flat on the ground. But she rose and instead settled herself fully on top of him. As she put her knees under his armpits she reached between them to grab the head of his penis. He lifted his hips off the ground, sensing what was about to happen. She took the head, the shooting pleasure striking him again. She lowered herself down until he felt their bodies touch. It took only one try. Androids are precise after all. 

T3CHE and TR41K both gasped in unison. T3CHE's holo-projectors burst into action display random colors and lights as he lost control. It felt like a warmth was flooding his entire body. They were one entity. His penis was so over stimulated he could see the sensor data was peaking out as it flowed through his circuitry. Graphs of his pleasure floated around his head. He raised his hips and she sunk down on to him. It was like a rolling heat, he could feel himself already at the edge. He quickly began tweaking his settings hoping to prevent a premature reaction. Just before he exploded he switched on the stamina function and by stemming the pleasure a little began thrusting up into TR41K. She replicated the motion in opposite so they were slamming together and flying apart. Anyone outside would have heard the sound of smashing machinery. 

It took nearly an hour before both were satisfied. TR41K didn't have to turn her pleasure off, she let herself orgasm as many times as she wanted. But T3CHE was feeling like even with the stemming program he was about to erupt himself. That's when she found the vibrate function. 

...

Nowadays no one sees robots sitting in the park together. However next door there is a shed that continually resonates with the sound of car crashes. No one visits that park much anymore, except for one girl in overalls looking very pleased with herself.