 I waited patiently for the stewardess to fix my drink. I watched her hands delicately work a pair of tongs to pull at cubes from the ice-chest resting on the airline beverage cart. She then poured vodka and tonic over the ice cubes and swirled the drink in her hands. I knew it was a perfectly measured 50/50 ratio.

She handed me the drink, leaning over the beverage cart, her perky breasts straining against the thin latex of her shiny, cerulean blue uniform. The AirGlobal flight attendant attire consisted of a one-piece dress that zipped down the middle and porcelain white stiletto heels. The slightly stretchy fabric tightly hugged her skin, showcasing her athletic frame and well-endowed bosom and posterior.

She smiled politely, and with an almost unnoticeable pause, continued, "Sir, how will you be paying today?"

"Card." I replied, nervously spinning the rectangular piece of plastic between my fingers.

"Okay." She smiled again. Her face was brilliant, high cheekbones, large hazel eyes, creamy peach-white skin, long dark eyelashes, glossy pink lips, and a cute upturned nose. A small blue stewardess' hat gingerly guided her strawberry-brunette hair behind her ears and into a pony tail. She wore hardly any makeup, only having a hint of blue eyeshadow to match her outfit and a few touches of eyeliner to make her already vibrant eyes pop even more.

I knew she was too good to be true. I knew she was the product of a struggling robotics company who had put all of their efforts into faithfully creating synthetic companions designed to functionally mimic young, fertile human women. She was named Tessa, and she was the reason I was on this flight.

A September 22nd flight on AirGlobal was where I made my initial discovery. I was flying on the bargain airliner from Zagreb, Croatia to Aarhus, Denmark after leaving my hardware engineering position of the last five years. I had checked my phone inside one of my bags, excited to use the time on the flight to gather my thoughts and let my mind wander.

While on the flight, I quickly became enamored with the flight attendant serving myself and the other first-class passengers around me. She was efficient, friendly, energetic, bubbly, and most of all stunningly gorgeous. I swore her super-model face and runway body looked vaguely familiar, but I chalked it up to nerves and the several tequila-pineapples she had been feeding me throughout the flight. There was something unique about her, something that I couldn't quite put my finger on.

I watched her intently, making drinks, serving food, and chatting with other passengers. She moved around the cabin with measured grace and seemed completely un-phased by the few patches of mild turbulence we had encountered so far. Little did I know that a complex subsystem of gyroscopes, oscillation dampeners, and shock absorbers embedded within her toned thighs was working harmoniously to keep her balanced and functioning through the small bouts of turbulence.

I was completely taken away by her, going so far as to begin imagining a life with her where we would run away from reality together.

About an hour out from Aarhus, the cute stewardess, whose name I had learned to be Tessa, was in the back compartment of the small first class upper-deck, fixing a kettle of hot water. In my seat, nearest the back compartment, I could easily turn my head and watch the contours of her backside as she went along preparing various items throughout the flight. I couldn't remove my eyes from the roundness of her taught ass. Her glossy, smooth thighs were visible extending out the bottom of her excruciatingly tight, shiny latex number.

The kettle steamed. I watched her gently pick it up and turn around to place it on the mobile beverage cart. As she did so, the plane rattled and dropped violently. I was heaved upwards, my seat belt the only thing that kept me from careening into the ceiling of the plane. This pattern repeated itself several more times as the passengers erupted into fearful screams and shouts.

I looked back to Tessa to see if she was alright and found her anything but. She was lying on the floor of the plane face-up and un-moving. The kettle of boiling water had spilled over and was pouring off of the beverage cart and onto her stomach. Steam was almost exploding off of her as the super-heated water evaporated away.

I unbuckled and took a step towards her. I felt the telling signs of an oncoming patch of turbulence shake through the plane. I braced myself against the compartment frame as the plane again lurched violently down. I watched Tessa's inert body fly up in the air and slam back into the floor as the plane evened itself out. She hit the floor with dull metal THUMP that didn't sound quite right.

I came to Tessa's aide at the base of the cart. It was immediately apparent to me that something was wrong with her. Her eyes were stuck open, unblinking and lifeless. A strong acrid stench of burnt plastic filled my nostrils. I pulled the compartment's privacy curtain closed, so nobody else would see her like this; I feared the worst.

I looked down to her perfect narrow waist where the kettle had spilled. I was shocked. The boiling water had melted through the semi-elastic cerulean latex of her uniform to the skin below. Only, it wasn't skin that was visible below, it was some kind of plastic dermal layering that had also been melted through by the steaming water. I stared confusedly into the half-dollar sized hole just to the right of her navel that exposed a mess of frayed circuitry and wiring. The flight attendant who I had fallen so deeply for was some kind of robot!

I couldn't believe it. She seemed so real. She talked to me like a real person, never once giving me any indication of her true nature. I looked directly into her exposed abdomen again, this time noticing an assortment of blinking LEDs. Most were green or yellow, although a few blinked red feverishly. Little wisps of smoke emanated from her stomach cavity; several wires and input/output buses had obviously shorted out.

The curious part of me had my hands wander all over her body. It wasn't that I was aroused by the moment, well maybe slightly, but just legitimately curious about her construction and physical makeup. She was convincingly warm and soft, just like a real woman.

I let my hands move to her breasts where I partially unzipped the front of her uniform. Kneading them in my hands I noted how incredibly realistic they felt. Soft yet firm; supple and malleable in my hands. Through her outfit I could feel the small plastic caps of her artificial nipples. Now I was growing aroused.

I reached around and grabbed a handful of her exquisitely toned ass cheeks. They were soft, round, and buoyant; once again they felt just like the real thing.

I brushed my fingers through her hair. It was silky smooth and it felt very calming to run my hands through again and again.

Finally my attention turned to her sex. I slipped my fingers under the hem of her dress and, gently brushing against her inner thighs, moved my fingers up to her crotch. Her thighs were ultra smooth. Where they met I found the familiar folds of the female vagina. My fingers familiarized themselves with the robotic flight attendant's synthetic labia, clitoris, and vulva. There was no hint of dampness to her, so I licked mu fingers, allowing them to glide along quite easily. I probed in and along her yielding folds falling in love with her and her design more every minute.

I removed my hand from beneath her jumpsuit just as a loud BEEP emitted from somewhere deep within her plastic chassis. I slid backwards as she sat up, bending rigidly forward at the waist.

Her eyes lit up a brilliant electric blue and she stared directly forward, seemingly unaware or uncaring of my presence. Her breasts hung buoyant and supple, their roundness and fullness still at full display underneath the skin-tight stewardess outfit.

She began speaking, her voice seemed slightly tinny and perhaps had a bit of digital noise around the edges. Otherwise it was calm and serene.

"Avant Robotics Model No. T3SS4_M84U-122 emergency reboot sequence complete.

Previously loaded functional subroutines have been suspended. Self-Diagnostic functional subroutine is now operating.

Internal damage detected in abdominal processing cores APC_08 and APC_09.

All pertinent data-streams will be re-routed through APC-Auxiliary-Processing-Bus_01.

APC-Auxiliary-Processing-Bus_01 BOOTING...

APC-Auxiliary-Processing-Bus_01 BOOTING...

APC-Auxiliary-Processing-Bus_01 RUNNING...

Data streams APC-DS_22, APC-DS_23, and APC-DS_24 successfully migrated.

Abdominal processing cores APC_08 and APC_09 now offline.

Error report generated.

Diagnostic and repair session scheduled for 9-22-2048 at 2030 in AirGlobal Repair Bay 11."

Her head inhumanly pivoted and twisted mechanically for several moments as the ocular sensors embedded within her dreamy hazel eyes scanned every inch of her exterior.

She looked down into her exposed internals through the melted hole of her smooth plastic-elastomer synth-skin.

"Cosmetic damage detected in abdominal wall nodal mesh points J52 through L58.

Error report generated.

Diagnostic and repair session scheduled for 9-22-2048 at 2300 in AirGlobal Repair Bay 1.

Self-Patch Protocol AW-#112 LOADING...

Self-Patch Protocol AW-#112 LOADING...

Self-Patch Protocol AW-#112 RUNNING..."

Tessa rose to her feet, still oblivious of my presence in the corner of the compartment. Perhaps she couldn't notice me while in this self-diagnostic mode.

Regardless, she walked to the corner opposite myself and with a few precise taps opened up a well-hidden recessed wall panel. Once open, I saw her retrieve a fresh AirGlobal uniform and a large aerosol can.

She finished unzipping the latex dress to where it ended near her crotch. I watched her shimmy out of the silhouette-hugging outfit in pure bliss. The number was so tight in places she was forced to peel it off. If I hadn't already fully fallen for her, then this was surely the moment I did.

She stood idle for several moments with the old dress at her feet. Her buttocks was round, taught, and lively with youth. Her vaginal mound was visible too from behind, the delicate lips of her plastic pussy just peaking out beneath the junction of her long glossy legs.

Tessa then brought the aerosol can to the hole in her abdomen and sprayed a fleshy colored foam. After she finished spraying, I watched her set the can down and gently brush excess foam off off from her lithe midriff. She then span around to face my direction, where she still payed me no attention, before standing idle for what must have been about 30 seconds or so.

I watched the foam set during this time. It filled the space in her midriff and blended in with the rest of her stomach quite convincingly. The mark could easily be written off as some kind of scar if anyone were to ever point it out.

At the end of her idling she ran her delicate fingers over the newly set foam and smiled, obviously quite satisfied with its application. I watched her reach for the newly acquired flight attendant outfit and watched transfixed as she put it on. The piece must have been custom sewn for her dimensions - that was the only logical explanation for how easily the bot slipped into the AirGlobal uniform. It fit snuggly on her every contour, in every nook and cranny. I realized it wasn't leaving much for the imagination. Why was something this exquisitely high tech on an AirGlobal flight? They were notoriously the bottom of the bottom airliner when it came to reliability and consistency, but they did always pride themselves on having the friendlies "eye-candiest" staff in the skies.

I watched her zip the zipper up to the base of her slender neck. Her voice, still with a almost unnoticeable digital twinge began.

"Self-Patch Protocol AW-#112 COMPLETED.

Avant Robotics Model No. T3SS4_M84U-122 full functionality restored.

Previously loaded functional subroutines have been suspended.

AirGlobal-Stewardess-22_Tessa firmware subroutine LOADING...

AirGlobal-Stewardess-22_Tessa firmware subroutine LOADING...

AirGlobal-Stewardess-22_Tessa firmware subroutine LOADING...

AirGlobal-Stewardess-22_Tessa firmware subroutine LOADING...

AirGlobal-Stewardess-22_Tessa firmware subroutine OPERATING...

Unit will resume normal function in 10 seconds."

Tessa closed her eyes. I panicked, and tried running out of the compartment, unsure about how she would react to my presence. However, tripped on the beverage cart's wheel and fell hard onto the cabin floor. I rolled over, moaning, and tried to hurriedly rise to my feet. A pain in foot slowed me. I rose to one knee but couldn't bear to put enough weight on my opposite foot to rise.

I turned my head to face Tessa. She was staring at me intently. I smiled, mustering a chuckle. She tip-toed over to me and squatted down so our eyes were level. I watched her cock her head inquisitively to one side; her programmers sure knew how to program their bots to be as cute as possible. She put a gentle hand on my shoulder and parted her glossy lips, "Sir, are you alright?"

The slightly digitized edge to her voice was gone. I looked straight into her glowing hazel eyes, "I've never been better."

On my current flight, the stewardess-bot I knew to be Tessa handed me the card reader. It was about the size of pack of gum, maybe twice as thick. I put my card in and looked up, eyeing the robotic stewardess. She was staring back at me with her perfect little hazel eyes I knew all too well, her focus unwavering and slightly vacant.

I discreetly pulled a thunderwire adapter out of my sleeve and slid it into my palm. The cord was buried beneath my clothes, running down the length of my arm across my torso and into my pants pocket where it terminated in a smartphone which was running a home-brewed code injection application.

I feverishly waited for the display on the card-reader to change. The simple LED screen blinked again and again,

AUTHORIZING...

AUTHORIZING...

AUTHORIZING...

There was a brief pause and I stealthily jammed my thunderwire adapter into the reader's accessible data port. The readout changed.

PROCESSING...

PROCESSING...

PROCESSING...

PROCESSING...

PROCESSING...

The home-brewed code injection application was set to execute as soon as the thunderwire was plugged in. I had chosen the PROCESSING stage of a credit card verification procedure to execute because it was at this step that the robotic flight attendant wirelessly acted as a communications tether between the card reader and the plane's local server which kept track of the evolving inventory of the flight.

The synthetic stewardess' firewalls and robust security measures were easily circumvented with this process. She was willingly receiving data from the card reader, so I just had to pass a little extra information of my own alongside it simultaneously. I had rigged the application to vibrate my phone once if it executed successfully and twice if it failed or errored out.

My phone vibrated against my leg. I waited in sickening anticipation of a second vibration, but it did not come. My code injection had been a success and I would now be able to monitor and alter the sexy stewardess-bot's internal processes and behaviors directly from my smartphone. With sleight of hand, I unplugged the thunderwire adapter, handed her back the card reader and smiled. She smiled back alluringly, completely unknowing of what had just occurred and the control I now possessed over her.

I had taken a quick AirGlobal trip prior to this one to test my code injection application out. I back-doored into a busty red-headed flight attendant bot via the same process I had just used on Tessa. She was incredibly attractive, but didn't strike me the way Tessa had melted my heart. I downloaded every byte of data from her vast processing array and made written notes with timestamps of just about everything she did over the course of the three hour flight. After the flight, I studied the data I had downloaded and correlated it with my notes to build an understanding of the coding infrastructure AirGlobal was employing in their 1st class stewardess-bots.

It seems AirGlobal had purchased a couple dozen Avant Robotics T3SS4-M84U companion bots to operate as first class stewardesses on specific flights as a kind of beta test for roboticizing their entire flight staff. The USA's Federal Aviation Administration rejected the idea, but the European Aviation Safety Agency approved it, so long as they were allowed to vet the extra layers of software infrastructure that were placed into each unit by AirGlobal's software engineering team.

The entire operation was kept hush-hush and only a select few from the EASA, AirGlobal, and Avant were put into positions supporting the change. Why let the public and flight unions know of their secretive change? It could get in the way of millions in profits for the two companies and millions in kickbacks for the agency's senior staff.

I was shocked...and quite pleased that every T3SS4_M84U companion-bot purchased by AirGlobal had their high-end sexual performance suite still installed and hardware fully maintained. Only a few lines of code in the AirGlobal data overlay suppressed any activation of the seduction and intercourse subroutines from executing...a few lines of code that could easily be manipulated with direct control of the bot's system architecture.

I would use this blueprint of the bot's functionality to craft a specific set of coded instructions that would allow me to control her without anyone noticing. It took some serious digging, but on a fembot aficionado site on the deep-web, I was able to find the complete code library for the Avant Robotics line of T3SS4_M84U companion-bots. I used this along with the AirGlobal data overlay on the stewardess bots to write Tessa's commands to mimic the language of her AirGlobal data management system so even if taken in for repair the new code shouldn't be detectable with standardized diagnostic processes.

Along with her system data architecture, I was able to download and view the status, whereabouts, repair history, and flight schedule of every robot flight attendant on the AirGlobal staff.

I found the Tessa unit from my first flight almost instantly, and went about logging her each and every flight for the next two weeks. She mostly stuck to the same routes, a couple 4-6 hour jaunts across continental Europe. But, once a week she crewed a red-eye from Reykjavik, Iceland to Istanbul, Turkey. Looks like I would soon be taking a quick holiday in Iceland!

We were about three hours into the 23 journey from Reykjavik to Istanbul, and it had been about one hour since I had installed my custom program on my robotic flight attendant, Tessa. Everyone had been served their freeze-dried dinners and the cabin lights had dimmed. I looked around the first class cabin. It seemed like everyone had either fallen asleep or was well on their way.

I peered backwards, spying Tessa's tight rear unloading the waste plastic and paper of the passenger's meals into a trash bin built into the plane.

I watched her closely, alongside her instantaneous code readout on my smartphone. Looking at her alone it was difficult to find the patterns of her movement that would give away her true nature. However, with the aide of her instantaneous code readout, some of her robotic tells became apparent.

For example, during this mundane process of taking meal remnants from the waste cart and placing them into a trash bin, she set the cart and the bin as two anchor points in three dimensional space. Her precise system of actuators and motors would pivot her to these anchor points each time, and upon reaching an anchor point she would then interpolate the 3D spatial data from the anchor point to whatever specific item she was picking up or throwing away. Looking at her closely, you could tell that each movement was actually two separate movements performed back to back with an almost unnoticeable pause in between as the spatial interpolation software took over from the stored spatial anchor points.
