 Something I had always dreamt about was having the ability to experience what it feels like to have sex as a woman.

As I watched my wife squirm with ecstasy as I filled their wet pussies with my rock hard member, I felt jealousy welling up inside. I wanted that feeling too. 

After dwelling on this question for some time, I finally mustered the courage to let my wife know of my plight. 

"Honey, don't you ever wish you could trade places with me so you could know how it feels?" I asked timidly.

"Of course I do, babe. Too bad there's no way to make that happen, ha ha." Her response was so easily given that I was quite thrown off.

"Wow, I can't believe you took it so well, I figured you'd think I was some sort of weirdo for asking you." I responded. 

"No babe, I don't think that... Quite the opposite... I fantasize a lot about switching places. Having the ability to penetrate a woman's swollen pussy with my own cock... It makes me wet just thinking about it."

Hearing my girl speak like this was making me very hard. I rolled towards her in my usual way, caressing her cheek as I leaned in for a kiss. Before I could reach her lips, she stopped me with her finger.

"Wanna give it a try?" She excitedly spoke.

"Give what a try?" I asked, thinking she meant a new position or something.

"I want to fuck you as a man..." Her reply was very seductive.

"Honey, I'm not into strap-ons..." I said shakily.

She beckoned me to lie on my back as she slowly ran her fingers up my chest towards my face. Her fingers slid over my eyelids and closed them softly

"Just relax, babe... We're going to have some fun tonight..." She whispered in my ear. "Count down from ten and open your eyes."

As I counted down, I felt the arousal welling up inside my stomach, that feeling I get every time I know what's coming. As I opened my eyes, I expected to see my partner sliding her lips toward my cock, eager to slip them around my engorged head. 

I opened my eyes and was shocked at what I saw. Two large mounds of skin lie on my chest. I leaned forward and yelled, "What the FUCK?" 

As I gazed toward my wife I saw something that shocked me even more. What I beheld was a very muscular man, not too large, instead sporting an athletic look. 

He looked into my eyes and again beckoned me to lie back saying, "Relax honey, this is our fantasy, let's enjoy ourselves." 

As I lie back I felt him lovingly kissing around my navel, slowly working his way down to my privates. As he reached my region, he began to stroke my legs with his soft fingers. Slowly working his way toward my member, I experienced an unfamiliar feeling. He unfurled his wet tongue and began running along a pair of lips. I had never experienced such a feeling, and let out a loud moan as I arched my back toward the ceiling. He reached toward my chest and pushed me back down to the mattress.

As he worked his tongue up and down my pussy lips, I felt my blood rushing toward it, swelling my already full lips, and increasing my already heightened arousal. Soon after this, I felt another new feeling, wetness. At first it was slow, but as he worked me harder, it began to ooze out of my pussy and slowly drip toward my ass hole. 

I reached down to experience what if felt like, and happened upon a small lump near the opening to my pussy. I immediately knew what to do. Using my index finger, I make slow circles around this bump and felt it slowly emerge from beneath its hood. As my finger passed over it, I felt pleasure unlike any I had ever felt before. Letting out another moan of ecstasy, I began to furiously rub my clit and felt the pulsing sensation build in my region as I let out moans louder and louder than the next. As he continued eating my pussy, I finally reached my first climax as a woman. My asshole tightened and expanded repeatedly as I experienced my first orgasm. Even his strong arms could not hold me down as I writhed in beautiful agony.

As I came down from my high, he slowly ran his fingers up to my pussy and felt my extreme wetness. "I think you're ready, honey." He followed." How is nine inches for you?" He said jokingly. 

I nodded excitedly and pulled him toward me with great anticipation. He wrapped his hand around his throbbing member and pulled it toward my gaping opening. He massaged me with his head, rubbing it from my asshole all the way to my clit. I let out slight moans form this, but I wanted the whole thing. I reached around his back, connected my hands and pulled forcefully. His cock slid into my tight pussy and stretched my walls, filling every inch of my tunnel. The pressure I felt in my stomach was unbearable and I screamed at the top of my lungs. He told me to shut up and began pounding me furiously, as I let out screams of ecstasy. His cock was so large he easily hit the back of me. It hurt, but felt so good that I didn't care. I pulled him closer to me as he drilled deeper and deeper into my slippery cunt. 

Suddenly, he grabbed me again around the back and flipped us both, with him ending up on the bottom. "I want you to ride me!" He exclaimed.

I happily obliged. I began to rock my hips, slowly at first, until I got the hang of it. As I sped up, he reached toward my breasts and gently squeezed them. I felt my climax hasten as he tickled my erect nipples, and came again on his swollen cock. I swung my legs around and rode him reverse cowgirl while he pulled sharply on my long brunette locks. I came again in this position, quite possibly more than the first time. 

By this time, he reached toward me and whispered, "I'm so close, will you bend over for me?"

I happily slid off his cock and made my way to the side of the bed, leaning over so my breasts lie on the mattress.

"I want you to come inside me." I said as I winked at him.

He sprung off the bed, jerking his cock as he waited for me to accept him. He again lined himself up to me and slid into my accepting lips. The pleasure continually built as he pounded my ass. I could feel his cock getting harder and harder as he neared his climax. I turned to him and asked him to fill up my wet pussy. As the words left my mouth, I felt him pull me faster and faster as he emitted moans of ecstasy. I felt his cock begin to throb inside my pussy. First once, then twice, and on the third pulse I felt his warm load coat the inside of my cunt. He let out one last moan, as the last of his cum dripped out of his tip into my pussy. I felt him fall onto me as he was exhausted from his exertion. 

We moved to the bed and lay next to each other caressing our soft skin. We quickly fell asleep in each other's arms, totally fulfilled.

The next morning we awoke still in each other's arms. Although by now we had returned to our bodies, the fantasy was over. 

My wife turned to me and asked, "Want to do that again tonight?"

I laughed and winked at her, pulling her in for a kiss.