 *** As always, this story is for my maenad Jen ***

Amanda came back smelling of wine, incense, and the crisp February evening. For a moment she stood in the doorway, silhouetted by the hazy hall light, a creature of smooth curves and shadows. She still wore her crown of ivy, but that was all. At her feet outside the door lay a pool of soft cotton, casually discarded. 

Stephen's sleep-fuddled eyes adjusted to the sudden light. Then he propped his head on his hand, and smiled up at the woman he loved. "So how'd your raving go, dear? Tear apart any wild animals?"

"Splendidly," She said, smiling. "And yes." She crossed the room slowly, a deep sensual grace in her step. Stephen returned the smile as he watched her hips and breasts in motion, his manhood instantly stirring as she drew near. Amanda leaned on the bed, arching her back like a desert cat, her full breasts swaying with the movement. 

"By Zeus, woman! You're beautif-" Amanda put a finger to his lips and shushed him. "No words, my love. Tonight we fuck in silence, an offering to our God."

Stephen kissed her slender finger and nodded that he understood. Amanda leaned in and kissed him, her lips soft and full, tasting of red wine and the salt of sweat sprung from dancing round a bonfire all night. 

His hands went to the gentle curve of her shoulder and the small of her back, rubbing softly, exploring her body in the darkness. As they kissed, Amanda's long black hair tickled his chest, her small body feeling flushed as it molded into his. Both of Stephen's hands found their way to the swell of her hips: he broke the kiss and looked down into her warm brown eyes, filled with longing for him. He kissed her nose, her cheeks, her chin, wanting to cover her whole face in kisses, wanting to taste every part of her. 

His hands felt strong, protective on her body: a tingling warmth spread out from them. Her nipples hardened to little points, and she longed to feel him take them in his hands, cup, caress, massage, squeeze, and bite them, but no matter how much she ached, she couldn't speak a word of her lust. She moaned as his hands slid across her belly, between her breasts, and then up to catch her chin, as he tilted her head back for another kiss. So close, but not quite! She returned the kiss feverishly, sucking his tongue, then biting his lip to hear him yelp and moan. He reached out and cupped her breasts in his hands, her sensitive nipples rubbing against the callous of his palms. She sighed in contented lust, her eyes closing to fully enjoy the sensations as he knowingly handled them. 

Her eyes shot open and she had to bite her lip to stop herself from screaming when he squeezed her nipple. She shoved him back against the bed, and straddled his hips, glaring down at him. He just smiled back up at her, blue eyes twinkling mischievously. Amanda ran her hands along his shoulders and chest, feeling the ripple of muscle beneath the hair and skin of his body. Her fingernails dug a series of white trails across his chest, coming perilously close to his nipples. He whimpered, and she just grinned at him, an evil twinkle in her eye. She leaned down and flicked her tongue across his nipple, coaxing it to hardness, then taking the little nub into her mouth. Her black hair fanned out across his stomach, and her ass wiggled sensually, conjuring his hands, which moments later began to knead them like balls of clay. 

Amanda arched her back, bringing her breasts within reach of Stephen's mouth. They brushed against his chin and cheek before he managed to capture a nipple between his lips. As he gave suck, Amanda shifted her position on his lap, lifting her body to make room for his blood-engorged cock. She reached down between them, took his thick shaft in her hand, enjoying the warmth and hardness for a moment. She traced the thick vein along the side with her thumb-nail, delighted in the impassioned gasp that escaped him. Then she guided him to her opening, running the thick head along her already slick lips. She took him shallowly within her, and rubbed him back and forth, grazing her swollen, sensitive folds. The wine and dancing and ritual ecstasy had set her pussy on fire earlier in the evening: it had only smouldered until it became an unbearable fire. She needed him; ached to feel him deep within her, to feel his cock spread her walls and touch those special places inside her. She removed her hand, and lowered herself onto his turgid phallos. Stephen blinked for a moment in surprise. She was so incredibly wet! Without any preparation, she was taking his thickness. Any thought after that was smothered by the heat and wetness of her walls as they gripped his member. 


They easily fell into a rhythm, the rhythm of the sea and of the stars in heaven, the rhythm of jungle drums and of blood coursing through the veins of wild beasts, the rhythm of lust, of flesh, of love; the rhythm that belonged especially to Dionysos. Amanda controlled the depth and speed as she rode his penis. Through half-lidded eyes, Stephen watched her. Watched her breasts rise and fall. Watched her belly quiver like an ocean wave as she squirmed and wriggled on his cock. Watched her suck in her lip. Watched the sweat begin to dot her brow. Watched as her breathing came harder, and her hair began to fly about with the rocking motion of their love-making. Watched as her cheeks flushed. Watched as she approached climax. 

Just then, he began arching his hips, thrusting up into her. Without thinking, she screamed out, "Yes, oh yes! Harder!" For a moment she was mortified by her outburst; but Stephen's cock, pounding into her, banished any thoughts, any guilt, and she submitted fully to the passions of her body. Her God would be pleased with nothing less. Stephen's hands gripped her hips, pulling her further, harder, onto his shaft, as his hips rose to meet the damp copse of her pelvis. They fucked like this for a while, her breasts heaving with the exertion, the base of his penis, slick with their combined juices, momentarily peaking out of the intersection of their bodies before disappearing once more within her. 

Her orgasm had built steadily within her. With each thrust, each contortion and heaving from Stephen, it came nearer and nearer. She felt the dam begin to crumble, pebble by pebble. The waves of pleasure eroding it with each crash. Then, finally, there was nothing standing between her and her body's pleaure. It washed over her like a mighty wave, swallowing her, consuming and submerging her mind for a few brief moments, as every nerve in her body exploded in pleasure, as her molten core spilled over, as she came. 

Coming, her pussy's walls squeezed his cock, triggering Stephen's own climax. He pushed harder into her, seeking the deepest part of her as his balls released, and his seed began to spill, flooding her womb. They clung to each other as their bodies quivered in passion, needing to feel each other's warm flesh, experiencing the closeness and kinship of souls. Then they collapsed together in a tangle of sweaty limbs and hair and bed-sheets, and they listened to each other regain their breath. 

"My maenad, my beautiful maenad," Stephen whispered, brushing a strand of hair from her face, and then kissing Amanda's sweaty forehead.

"My satyr, my lusty satyr." She replied with a contented smile, snuggling tight into his arms.