 Walking down the street, Sasha tried in vain to keep her tail under control. However, it seemed to have a life of its own today. Her aroused emotional state caused it to flit about restlessly, clicking the ground with every other step and smacking tree trunks and sign posts along the way. With a giggle, she lifted her tail to her left hand and held it firmly, but caressed it softly with her thumb. Looking down, she traced the soft line of leopard-like spots along its length. Her tail was, in Sasha's opinion, rather attractive. The soft down of hair was golden in the sunshine with the spots a light shade of auburn to match the curly locks on her head. When relaxed, it reached the ground and just barely began to curl there. It was flexible and sinuous. Oh, the things she could do with that tail... She was on her way from her last final exam, in biochemistry. Knowing she had aced both the exam and the lab, she was excited to see her boyfriend and let him know his girlfriend was brilliant. Only another year and she would complete her degree in microbiology.

As she walked, Sasha watched the other people's tails swaying to and fro. The man directly in front of her had a rather short tail, only reaching his knees, with long tawny hair. Obviously a business man, he had his tail neatly groomed and carried it down rigidly. The woman to his right was a blond bombshell, strutting about in her high heels and short skirt. Instead of wearing her tail through the hole in the waist of her skirt, as is custom, she let it come out beneath the hem. It snaked up and down her legs as she walked. A father carrying his little boy on his shoulders was walking ahead of Sasha to her left. His long, black tail was reaching up behind him to support his son's bottom to prevent him falling backward. The little boy had his tail wrapped tightly around his father's neck. 

Sasha reached her bus stop and sat to wait for the 4D to Bringham. She pulled out her cell phone and quickly texted her boyfriend: on my way home. see you soon. As she hit send, an elderly woman sat down on the bench beside her, bumping her arm. Sasha's phone flew from her hand and hit the ground with a clatter. She reached her tail out and swiped it up quickly, bringing it to her face to inspect it for damage. 

"Oh, I'm quite sorry,"the woman crooned, patting Sasha on the thigh with her white frosted tail. "I'm so clumsy."

"That's alright. No harm done."

As they waited for the bus, Sasha planned her evening in her head. She knew her boyfriend would have supper ready for her when she walked in the door. After supper, she thought they might take a walk by the river, get an ice cream cone, and sit on the beach. It had been ages since she'd had the time for leisure. The past several months had been crammed with studying, papers, and presentations. And she couldn't remember the last time her and Eric had made love. Tonight, she would remedy that problem. 

The bus pulled up and the group of people that had gathered at the stop filed in the doors. About to take the last seat, Sasha noticed the old lady from earlier shuffling behind her. She offered her the seat, then moved to the back of the bus where she took hold of a hand hold above her head. As the bus wound through the streets, Sasha began daydreaming of what her love making session that evening might involve. Subconsciously, her tail began coiling itself around her right leg, caressing up and down slowly. To a casual onlooker, she might have just been cold. To someone looking more closely, they might have noticed it quivering ever so slightly.

Sasha reached over and pulled the cord when her stop neared. The bus pulled over to the curb and stopped with a soft swish. The side door opened and Sasha wove her way through the other passengers and jumped lightly onto the sidewalk. She hurried down the block, her tail swaying behind her, and turned onto Hill Street. Taking the front steps two at a time, she pushed the door open and eagerly set down her bags. She could hear Eric in the kitchen and could smell the roast and garlic.

"Is that you, babe?"his voice called.

"Sure is,"Sasha called back, reaching down with her tail to pull off her heels. She dropped them on the mat while she pulled off her coat. Walking into the kitchen, she pulled her hair out of its ponytail and shook it loose over her shoulders.

Eric was at the stove, stirring some delightful smelling concoction in a silver sauce pan. His tail, long and smooth, was reaching out behind him. Sasha walked forward and took his tail with hers, entwining them. She wrapped her arms around his waist and reached up on her tip toes to kiss his earlobe.

"Your brilliant girlfriend has arrived,"she announced.

"And just in time,"Eric said, turning toward her, spoon in hand. "How is the gravy?"

"Fabulous,"she told him, licking her lips and smiling. "Can I set the table?"

She moved toward the cupboards and began taking out the dishes. As she set the table in the adjoining dining room, she described in detail her exam questions and why she thought she had earned at least a 99%. He smiled wryly, loving her feigned arrogance. Walking up behind her, carrying the roast on a large white platter, he smacked her bottom with his tail. 

"Grab the veggies, will you?"he asked, leaning over the table to set the platter down.

Through supper, they talked about Eric's day at the office. Another deal had gone through and he was excited this might bring him closer to the promotion he was vying for. He'd been working toward it for the past year, often staying late to get ahead on a project. They talked about their upcoming vacation to California, which Sasha was very excited over. Later, when the dishes were washed and away, the couple donned their jackets and headed to the river bank for a walk. The sun was just beginning to set over the horizon, sending ruby and golden sparkles over the water. Hand in hand, tails entwined, Eric and Sasha walked slowly to their favourite lookout point over the city. 

"I love this time of year,"Sasha said, taking in a deep breath of fresh spring air.

"Me too. It's the perfect time for new beginnings, life changes,"Eric said softly.

Eyeing him suspiciously, Sasha stopped and turned toward him. He lowered his gaze for a moment, then returned his vivid blue eyes to look back into Sasha's honey brown. His tail gave away his emotion, as it stood stiffly upward behind his back. He was nervous. Sasha's stomach flittered with butterfly wings.

"Sasha,"he said quietly, his tail swishing once. "I have loved you from the very first time we met in San Francisco. I couldn't believe how lucky I was to have met someone so sweet, intelligent, and sexy. I thought it had to be a trick, that my room mates had put you up to it. But after our first date, I knew that you were the one I had to be with for the rest of my life."

Reaching inside his jacket, Eric knelt on one knee, the sparkling cityscape rolling out behind him. His tail curled its way around his side, seeking out hers. She reached out with her tail and grasped it, holding tightly. He pulled out a small box and opened it, looking up sheepishly. "Sasha, will you do me the most wonderful honour of being my wife?"

Tears sprang instantly to Sasha's eyes."Of course!"she managed to whisper, nodding her head enthusiastically."Of course!"

Eric pulled the glittering ring from its nest and slipped it onto Sasha's finger. She held her hand out to admire how it looked there, bursting into a happy sob. Eric stood and took her into his arms, crushing her against him. Then pushing her away slightly, he took her face in his hands and kissed her. His tail wound behind her and up her back, caressing her softly. She snaked her tail behind him, stroking his bottom and lower back.

Breaking off the kiss, Sasha whispered, "Let's go to bed."

Hurrying home, he chased her playfully, grabbing her tail and pulling at her coat. Once inside, they slammed the door and leaned against it, kissing passionately. Eric's tongue slipped into Sasha's mouth, probing gently along her teeth, meeting her tongue softly. She trailed her fingers along his neck, pulling at the back of his hair. Her tail whispered along his arms and back while his danced across her butt. They became more urgent, little gasping noises occasionally escaping their lips. Sasha jumped up and wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling herself as close to him as she could. He moved down the hall toward the bedroom.

He dropped her playfully onto the bed. She lay back and watched him as he pulled his t-shirt off over his head, revealing his straining abs. He unzipped his jeans and hooked his thumbs into the belt loops. Slowly he began pulling off his pants, shimmying and tugging, all the while with a look of pure lust in his eyes. Standing in front of her in his boxer briefs, she moaned as his tail snaked around his hip and over his package in front. Her tail, taking on a life of its own for the second time that day, began caressing her breasts. She could feel her nipples begin to harden beneath her bra.

The boxer briefs were beginning to bulge further as Eric watched Sasha fondling herself. He reached his tail under the waist band and began stroking his engorging member. He leaned forward over Sasha and began unbuttoning her shirt. Her white lace bra showed her dark brown areola and nipples straining to be let loose. When her shirt was undone, he continued on to her shorts. He popped open the top button, catching a glimpse of the white lace panties underneath. Slowly he unzipped the shorts and pulled them off. Sasha's tail was tracing along her abdomen, making little circles around her navel. Eric could see the soft downy leopard pattern along its delicate length and he felt a deep pull in his groins.

Sasha couldn't take any more teasing. She sat up and pulled Eric on top of her, into a deep kiss. Her hands trailed over his back, pulling him into her tightly. He reached beneath him and took a breast in his hand, kneading it through her bra. Suddenly she rolled over, pushing him onto his back, and straddled his hips. She reached back and undid the clasp of her bra, moving her tail to cover her breasts as the lingerie slipped off. Eric moved his tail to pull at hers so he could get a glimpse at her bare chest. She made a little tsk, tsk noise, holding his tail between her hands. Slowly, she began to fondle his tail. The soft golden brown hair made tight little spirals along its length and she traced them with her fingernails. Eric shuddered. Without knowing it, Sasha's tail had moved away from her chest and onto Eric's stomach and was stroking its way lower. Eric reached out and took Sasha's breasts in his hands, squeezing them firmly. She responded by grinding herself over his briefs. She could feel his hardness beneath the thin film of fabric. Her panties were already beginning to soak through.

Again they were kissing. Eric moved his hands around behind Sasha and into her panties. He took large handfuls of her ass and squeezed. Her tongue and lips moved aggressively over his mouth. She moved to his neck and collar bones, kissing and nibbling. Her tongue traced over his nipples, just teasing at first, then she took one deep into her mouth and sucked. He groaned loudly and arched his back. As she moved her kisses to his stomach, she ground her breasts into his hard member. Finally, she reached the waist of his briefs and took them in her teeth. With the help of her tail, she pulled them very slowly from his body. His cock stood tall and hard, the veins seeming to pulsate beneath the tight skin. Leaning forward, she let her nipples touch the head of his cock. She circled it with her breasts, squishing it between them. He moaned loudly as she sat back and her tail moved to encircle his cock. She knew the feathery down would be a sensuous tease. Moving her tail up and down, she began stroking his throbbing member. His breathing quickened. While she stroked his cock with her tail, she moved to lay on her side beside him and they began to kiss again. 

Eric brought his tail around him to slip under the elastic of Sasha's panties. While he fondled her breasts with his hands, his tail began to fondle her pussy. He could feel the tight curls of her pubic hair and the wetness gathering in her folds. She reached down and promptly pulled off her panties so he could have better access. He circled his tail over her clit, moving it down into to the folds to gather the moisture, then back to glide over her clit. She was making small panting and whimpering noises. She moaned loudly as his tail slipped inside her suddenly. He plunged it deeply in and stroked her inside. He pulled it out again and touched her clit then slipped it deftly back into her deep well. With his tail inside her, he reached down with his hand and began to finger her clit. Her breaths came in short gasps as a climax began to build. He sucked a nipple deeply into his mouth. This was all she needed to explode in a loud and wet orgasm. When she had stopped quivering, he slipped his tail out of her sopping pussy and brought it up to his lips, where he licked it clean while she watched.

Sasha moved to Eric's waist, where his manhood had stood at attention, just waiting. She blew softly on the head, making Eric shiver. Her tongue flicked out and touched him, a hot iron searing him with longing. Suddenly she took the whole shaft into her mouth, sliding it back into her throat. He moaned loudly. Her head bobbed up and down slowly as she sucked. Her tail came forward and began to caress his sac. She could feel the hard orbs beneath the velvety skin as she fondled them. Her lips left his cock and she moved her body so her head was toward his cock and her feet were at his head. She moved forward to take his balls in her mouth, so gently. She sucked softly as his breath quickened. Then she moved her tongue over them and downward to the spot between the sac and asshole. Skirting teasingly around his pucker, she moved to the highly sensitive space between his asshole and the base of his tail, his krill. As she began to lick and kiss this spot, her tail moved between her own legs and began to fondle her clit. She let it circle and probe, then dove it deeply into herself. 

"Baby, that's so hot,"she heard Eric whisper. He reached forward to hold her legs open so he could watch as Sasha thrust her tail in and out of herself, her juices flowing out around it. She could hear his breathing becoming ragged as she kissed his krill harder. He sounded like he was getting closer to cumming. But she couldn't let him waste his cum to the air. She popped her tail out of her pussy. Getting up on all fours, Sasha moved around to face Eric. Again, she straddled his hips, hovering over his straining and throbbing cock.

"Tell me what you want, baby,"she growled.

"I want you,"he snarled back.

"You want me to what?"

"I want to you to fuck me, to ride me till I cum inside you so hard you'll be aching for a week!"

At that, Sasha slammed her pussy down onto Eric's cock. He took a sharp breath in and his hands grabbed her hips. She began to slide herself up and down on his hot member. She could feel his hardness within her, touching her deep inside. As she rocked, her breasts bounced up and down. She reached her tail behind her and beneath, where she began stroking Eric's sac. He had his hands full of her tits, and his tail was flicking against her clit. Her head was thrown back, her throat tight and exposed. Her breath was coming in sharp bites. She could feel his balls tightening and his cock solidifying inside her. He could feel the walls of her pussy clamping down around his throbbing dick.

"Cum with me, baby,"he grunted. "Cum! Cum! Oh god I love you! Cum baby!"

Sasha's body began to quiver violently as she rocked up and down. "I'm gonna cum! Baby, I'm gonna cum!" She burried his cock as deeply as she could inside herself and began grinding in small circles. His tail pressed hard against her clit and her tail stroked his sack feverishly. "I'm cumming," she panted. "Cum baby! Cum with me!"

"Oh god!" he screamed. "I'm fucking cumming!"

She could feel his cum stream out of his cock and hit her deep inside. She began shuddering uncontrollably, moaning, "Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god!"

Finally, the orgasms subsided. Sasha collapse forward onto Eric's chest, panting. His half hard cock was still inside her. She loved the fullness, and the wetness. They kissed deeply, caressing each other with hands and tails. After a long while, they disengaged, Sasha pulling her pussy off Eric's cock with a slight slopping noise. She lay down beside him, snuggling into him and pulling the blankets over them. She began to snore quietly as his tail stroked her bare back.