 (Author Note: Probably should've put this in the first chapter, but hey. Better late than never. This was inspired by the Pathfinder Campaign Setting, Hell's Vengeance. It takes place in the country of Chellaix, and the early chapters take place in the town of Longacre.)

*****

Reda awoke on a lounge, plush and velvet. She looked around the room and saw only the cabinet with wasp shaped handles on the doors and the lounge that lined the inner wall of the room.

She saw the ladder in the middle of the room and decided she needed to find someone. Reda winced as she was reminded of the events of last night, the pleasure and pain at the time and the pain now. Her vagina hurt, but she decided to try not to let it bother her. Boldly, she climbed the ladder into the room upstairs and found Kay sitting behind a desk, filling out a ledger.

"You're up," Kay acknowledged without looking up, the smile still creeping along her face.

"Yes. I'm a little... raw. For lack of a better word. But otherwise, I'm well."

"Estia said something similar. Of course, she had a husband to get home to. You don't have anywhere to go, do you?" Kay enquired, putting down her pen and smiling as she took in the visage of the naked Reda.

"I don't, no."

"The offer to join the Ladies of Tail Sting stands. You're already wearing a handy uniform," Kay chuckled.

Reda looked down and remembered, hastily attempting to cover herself before a dark blue hand appeared beside her with cloth in it. She snatched the garb from Durdyn, donning the green tunic and khaki trousers and glancing back to Kay.

Kay was in her vestments, and even Durdyn wore simple garb. Reda was confused as to how she didn't notice her nudity prior, even the slave was dressed.

"I have errands to attend to in town, come along and we can discuss whether you want to join our order," Kay offered as she opened the door and held it for Reda. Durdyn gave a curt bow to the ladies as they left and he started cleaning up.

* * *

Reda and Kay walked through Longacre to the markets, and as Kay searched through the stalls for food, she explained Callistria's expectations and core tenets.

"Vengeance is okay by Callistria?" Reda asked to clarify.

"Yes. That actually ties into what I hoped you bring up next. Every day, people of any faith have an act of contrition they perform. Saranrae's followers heal people and Abadar's do some form of balancing act as far as I'm aware. Are these practices familiar to you?" Kay asked politely.

Reda took a deep breath, remembering the harsh lashing she'd received from her former family for questioning the will of Iomedae, the family's patron diety, and the girl nodded.

"Well, Callistria has two options. Wrap yourself in yellow fabric and contemplate revenge on those who've wronged you for an hour." Kay paused, letting Reda contemplate that before continuing. "The other is to offer your body with recompense of no less than 100 gold. It can be anything around that value, favours, property or information or whatever you can come up with."

"Oh. That's progressive," Reda joked and Kay giggled in response.

"The Ladies of Tail Sting can be something great in this town. But with the two of us at the moment comprising the ranks, I don't know if it could be achieved in my lifetime. With three of us, that could be a sign of progress," Kay explained as she picked out a selection of potatoes.

Reda nodded, understanding what Kay was hinting at but unsure if she should commit. But she caught a glimpse of ginger hair and was reminded of Estia, and of the questions about Estia she had.

"Sister Kay, I have to ask how does Estia prostate herself in her daily obedience if she's married?" Reda asked in a direct manner.

"She's very popular with the ladies, only three, well, now four men have been with her. Her husband, a charming man that is capable of selling you the shirt you're already wearing, once in prostration and Durdyn. In that order."

Kay turned her head back to Reda with a sly smile on her face. "You definitely made an impact on her."

Reda's cheeks flushed and she giggled. "So, what do I need to do to join?"

Kay's eyes widened and her expression went from suggestive to manic, making Reda question her choice of words.

"You profess your divine loyalty to Callistria, and I'll take you down to get your tattoo."

Reda raised her eyebrows in surprise.

"Is that all? Then I'll have a place to stay and friends?"

"Yep," Kay answered gleefully.

"Wait, I don't have money. How do I pay for my tattoo?" Reda asked in naivety. Kay raised her eyebrows in response and ran her eyes up and down Reda's form. The Half-Elf quickly put together what Kay was suggesting.

"Will that count towards my daily requirement?"

"Yes, and trust me for a first client, the artist is heaven sent." Kay tendered the necessary funds to the grocer and handed Reda a bag of fruits and vegetables. "We'll get these back to the chapel and sort out you swearing in. Then we'll head to the artist's house, okay?"

"Right." The pair now laden with bags of food headed back to the chapel.

* * *

In the time they briefly returned to the Chapel, Reda took a knee and followed the chant lead by Kay. It was surprisingly simple and Reda felt empowered after making the pledge to Callistria.

Kay lead Reda happily down to the tattoo studio and knocked happily at the door. A man opened the door and Reda felt her breath catch.

He was stunning to behold. A lithe yet chiseled frame covered by pale skin with silver hair, the man's eyes a glittering light blue.

"Yes, Sister Kay," he quietly enunciated to the Cleric.

"I have a new acolyte and she needs to be marked," Kay explained calmly. "She offers payment in trade, like Estia and myself before her." The beautiful man smiled and nodded, opening the door for Reda as she walked through, Kay chirped, "Meet you at the Last Stand when you're done."

* * *

Reda removed her trousers and lay on her right side.

"You already have an idea of what I'm about to do?" the artist asked and Reda nodded. "I'll try to make sure this doesn't hurt."

"Can I ask your name?" Reda asked as she felt a sensation similar to being jabbed with a pin in the left buttock.

"Sivaal," he responded as he continued creating the artwork he was commissioned for. "Sister, your Elven blood makes my usual inking method difficult. However, it makes another method available." The few lines he'd already put in her skin were fading but he used his forbidden art to use some of her own blood to fortify the ink, and Reda sharply inhaled. It didn't hurt, but it felt strange. The sensation was comparable to her leg falling asleep and waking up again, only specifically in her left cheek and multiple times. This bizarre practice took two hours, and the Half-Elf was glad when it ended.

"Your bi-species nature turned my artwork red, but it's still the mark of your order, Sister." Sivaal took a hand mirror and held it in a way that reflected the tattoo for Reda to appreciate.

"Oh! It's beautiful. Sivaal, you're incredible." Reda rolled off the bench hugged the artist and he chucked.

"You're welcome. If I recall correctly from my interactions with your senior Sisters, this marks two thirds of your orientation in your order," Sivaal stated dryly.

Reda's cheeks flushed and she giggled. "Sister Kay told me that you're the best first customer I could ask for." Reda's hands slipped low and found them at the laces of Sivaal's trousers.

As the artist's trousers came off, Reda took a moment to examine the manhood before her. It was a fine length and a moderate width, around the size of Estia's aid but a little longer. He was also very firm. Reda took the erection in her hand and tried to fit as much of him in her mouth as she could. The head and the first inch fit, but she couldn't fit anymore. So she tried to tickle the nerves in his crown but Sivaal stopped her.

"You're going remove your tunic," Sivaal instructed and Reda obeyed. Her breasts now exposed, the Half-Elf was lifted and laid with her back on the bench as Sivaal's manhood penetrated her. She was initially caught offguard, but found herself more aroused by his hunger for her. Her tunnel had tightened after the night before, clinging to the phallic intruder as her slick arousal assisted in lubricating the artist's motions. His manhood was rock hard and it felt so good as it pounded inside her. 

Sivaal felt the soft walls around him begin to tighten and he grinned. His crown was banging on her cervix and the Half-Elf's breasts despite being humble bounced with each thrust in.

Reda felt her orgasm building, she found that the hunger he had for her drove her closer until finally...

Sivaal palmed one of Reda's breasts, feeling the pebbled nipple scrape across his hand and sending more stimulation through her body as their eyes locked. The tattoo artist upped his pace, slamming faster as he felt his orgasm build. Reda's orgasm broke first, her walls clenching in rapid succession and expelling the artist's manhood altogether as her ejaculate marked his crumpled trousers. He didn't wait for her orgasm to finish before returning his rigid phallus to Reda's still quivering ladyhood. The Half-Elf gasped as she felt her walls part again, Sivaal taking her and accomplishing his own end. The still twitching walls felt amazing and amplified his drive to finish.

Reda felt as though he was trying to nail her cervix to the bench, but as she was enjoying the attempt. Sivaal didn't last much longer, feeling the pressure build right down his shaft until he slammed his cock inside her and the seed inside him shot out with the pressure that had built up. Reda felt the artist pulse, the impact of the semen inside her and her breathing slowed.

Sivaal withdrew his manhood from the Half-Elf and pulled his trousers back around his hips.

"Thank you, Sister."

"Reda. My name is Reda," the Half-Elf corrected. She returned her own trousers to her hips and fixed her tunic over her torso.

"Well, thank you Sister Reda," Sivaal said as he awkwardly returned his gaze to her face.

"You've set the bar pretty high for future customers. Thank you for my mark too. It's beautiful," Reda chuckled.

"It wasn't too obvious I haven't... been with a woman for a while?"

Reda raised an eyebrow. "I had no idea. You really are wasting a talent." The pale man flushed a bright shade of pink and Reda pecked him on the cheek before leaving.

* * *

Kay and Estia were both waiting at the Tavern and they greeted their juniour Sister with a triangle hug.

"Officially a Lady of Tail Sting. How was Sivaal?" Estia teased and Reda chuckled.

"Great. Other than the weird blood thing, it didn't actually hurt." Reda took a swig of Kay's mead and they both cocked an eyebrow but let it slide.

"Kay," Estia nudged the elder Cleric and they both noticed the young deputy from the Sheriff's office walk in. He was still wearing the black vest with the badge on his chest. He had a clean shaven face, or maybe he was too young to grow proper facial hair.

He made eye contact with Kay before shyly tucking his head away.

"He's got a crush on Kay," Estia explained and the women chuckled together. As the evening went by, the blond deputy did make several glances at the ladies at their table.

The congregation ate their meals happily, the air of celebration coming from the trio seeming to get everyone in the bar in a celebratory mood as well.

In the middle of a story from Estia, Kay's eyes tracked someone walking into the room and she quietly excused herself.

"What's that about?" Reda asked in a whisper.

"She's spotted a mark," Estia responded without looking up from her plate.

"A mark on what?" Reda asked naively.

"A mark, someone she thinks will pay well for a round," Estia gave Reda a look of condescension but laughed it away.

Reda sheepishly went back to her food and Estia resumed her story.

Kay approached the man in red and black, thrust her chest out and tapped his shoulder. He was an older man, distinguished by grizzly facial hair and he bore a signet with the symbol of House Fex on it.

"Yes," he asked as he turned so he could look Kay up and down.

"You look like you could use some companionship."

"I might be interested in some."

Kay slipped her hand in his and lead him out of the Tavern and Estia nodded to her.

"Deputy boy didn't see her go," Reda commented and Estia sighed.

"Less heartbreak for the young boy. So how's your tattoo feeling?"

"Good. It doesn't hurt, I thought it would," Reda responded.

"Mine did. Didn't help when he slapped it in the middle of sex," Estia grumbled.

"Mine is red, apparently my Elven blood affected it."

Estia cocked her head to the side hearing that. "Show me later."

"It'll cost you," Reda chuckled and the women enjoyed their dinner in peace.

* * *

Kay gasped as the nobleman's manhood slammed into her little pussy. He wasn't especially big, but he was a serviceable size. Being bent over with her vestments simply lifted helped the excitement anyway. The nobleman smacked her bare arse cheek as he pounded on the Cleric and she bit her lip.

He wasn't completely without talent.

She had only lead him to a nearby alleyway, and he had agreed to tender the gold before they started, an ideal transaction.

"Only 100 gold, I still feel as though I got the better deal," he murmured as her walls massaged him in the best way.

"Please my lord," Kay moaned. "Please fuck me harder."

The nobleman did as she requested, giving her a good pounding as his need to orgasm built to bursting. He withdrew from her ladyhood and she spun around and took him in her mouth, feeling his semen go down her throat.

Kay swallowed, her own juices tainting the flavour of his seed.

"Well, thank you for the company," he politely whispered as he relaced his trousers.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it. Don't forget to tell your friends," Kay instructed, emphasising the sway on her hips as she walked away.

She rejoined Estia and Reda, and they enjoyed the remainder of the evening before retiring for the night.