 Tawnya signed up for the experiment, it sounded like good money for a pretty simple procedure. Once she arrived at the building, she was guided to an empty room and told to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to conditions of the test. 

She touched the screen. It lit up, asked for her personal identification number, and gender. Then it scrolled along with a description that she was going to be testing the effect of a specific climate on her body. She clicked the understand button and it went on to inform her that she would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes she would have to be unclothed. Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' She felt a little shy as she disrobed, she wondered if she were the youngest participant. She had lived a sheltered life, and no one had seen her naked since she was a child. 

Tawnya clicked agree, and read that the exit door would lead her to the options room and from there she would select what environment to test. Her clothing would be on other side and then she would fill out a short survey about her experience. There were safeguards and she would never be in any danger. She was reassured by the statement as she stepped through the exit door.

Tawnya saw a wide range of doors in front of her. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. She looked at the doors and noticed they were in alphabetical order. Several were gray and she looked at the red ones. Cave, she moved on, Hostile, Ireland, Temple, Vineyard, and Wilderness. She thought about her options and decided that the Temple sounded like a safe place to be. She touched the door, and the neutral voice intoned, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

She stepped into a grand temple, her footsteps soft upon the gray stone. The quietness of the place appealed to her as she traversed a path. The architecture was stunning and she was in awe of the place as she entered a courtyard. It was so serene and peaceful, she sat down on a bench that surrounded a pool. She let her fingers play in the water, and found herself wishing that everyone could know the tranquility of this temple. She wondered if it was based on a real building, knowing that the real building was probably busy with worshippers and tourists. She thought she could hear footsteps but dismissed it as girlish nonsense as she drank from the pool

Ted never thought that temptation could be so great, the girl couldn't be much past 18 or 19. When he had been asked to do this he had never thought she would be beautiful. He had figured it would be simple, find out if he was ready to be a monk, and get on with his life. She exuded innocence, and reminded him of a girl he once knew. He tried to pull his mind back to his task, and he wondered how long she would remain in here. 

Tawnya felt as though someone were watching her and she called out, "Is anyone there?" She felt silly as the words echoed back to her. Standing up, she continued on her way. It was a maze of corridors and cells. She was just beginning to think she would never find her way out when she saw a dash of yellow out of the corner of her eye. "Is anyone there?" She swore she saw movement and headed for it. Tawnya was beginning to get frustrated as the flashes led her on a merry chase. Finally she saw a door marked EXIT in flashing letters. It seemed to easy and she spun around to see a gentleman draped in yellow fabric. His head was shaved and she tried to cover herself with her hands as his eyes looked into hers.

Damn, she was modest as well. He had felt drawn to her and it had been unnatural to run from her, but at the time she had seemed like the she was the devil chasing him. 

She wasn't sure what to do, who was he and why had he hid himself from her? She held out her hand to greet him and then realized how she must look. He stepped towards her and she felt no fear as he unwrapped his garment and gently draped it around her. She was drawn to him and blushed as he was now naked. Tawnya was speechless as she noticed that he was aroused, the illustrations in her biology books did not prepare her for reality. "How long have you been watching me?"

He wasn't sure what was worse, seeing her naked, or recalling what she had looked like naked. Either way his body had responded and he knew that the image of her by the fountain would haunt his days as a monk. He found himself wanting one last memory of her, as he brushed her fair hair back from her face. Her eyes were a clear green and cut through the garbage in his mind as he spoke. "Since you entered, I was here to make sure you were safe."

"I have never felt safer," she murmured. They were standing so close and she shrugged a little and the fabric slide from her slender shoulders. 

He didn't feel safe, he felt as if he were standing on the edge of a precipice as the fabric pooled at her feet. His fingers itched to touch her pristine skin. Suddenly her lips were a fraction of an inch from his and then she was kissing him.

She found her lips pressed to his, her body touching him, her body doing strange things, and she still felt completely safe. She felt his hand slide slowly along her skin and before she could ask him not to stop he huskily said, "Not here."

"Please," she whispered and in that instant he couldn't stop himself. Time was moving in slow motion as he laid her down on the yellow fabric. His lips meandered from her lips to her neck. Ted listened to every gasp, every little moan as his mouth moved down to her pink tits. Hearing her soft sound odd amazement as his lips reached her treasure. He worshipped her body with his tongue, and hearing her stunned moan realized she had never cum before. He was sorry for taking advantage and honored that she had allowed him to be the first. As he looked into her eyes he knew he couldn't do more. Not when she wasn't thinking clearly. Not when she had been set up by the situation. He gave her a gentle little kiss on the forehead and stood up. He held out his hand for her and helped her stand. She kissed him again, a sweet innocent kiss, and then she turned to head out the door. Tawnya smiled back at him before opening the door. 

The room felt cold and sterile and she quickly dressed as the neutral computer voice said, "Thank you for participating. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

Who was he? He had been gentle with her, and had not pressed her into having sex. She knew he was someone worth getting to know better. She looked at the screen and tapped the next button.

'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' She selected, 'I want to do it again.'

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. She picked yes.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for her to type her response. She was unsure of how to reply and ended up typing, 'The observer.'

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed to you. He enjoyed the experience."

She shivered at the thought of meeting him in a more normal setting, would his touch be as gentle? His lips as soft? She knew in her heart that the answer was yes as she whispered, "Yes."

He was unsure of whether she would want to meet him outside the peaceful confines of the temple and felt uncertain as the door opened. "I'm Ted," he felt awkward as he held out his hand to her. She looked only slightly older now that she was dressed. 

"Tawnya," she whispered as she took his hand. 

He brought her hand to his lips as he murmured, "A lovely name." Words seemed unnecessary and there was so much to say. "Are you hungry?" he finally asked unsure of where to begin before kissing her hand.

"Starving," she admitted with a smile as he kept her hand.

"Do you like Thai?" Ted asked fumbling over his own words.

She nodded and they left together, having found each other. One after giving up the search, the other who had not even begun searching.