 Reda pulled up her hood and wandered into the Last Stand Tavern. She was glad to be away from her family, elven nobles do nothing but look down on half-elf bastards.

Reda had inherited her father's slender grace but also retained her mother's curves. Not that she knew who her mother was.

The Half-Elf looked around the bar and sighed. There were some beautiful women around, a beautiful man playing a lute and a burly man behind the bar that looked a little simple. A gorgeous woman with short orange hair in a short side fringe kept her icy blue eyes fixed on Reda and the young woman tried to hide the flushing of her pale skin by sinking into her cloak. The ginger haired woman chuckled and nodded another woman over to her. This woman was a little thicker set, with long fuchsia hair tied behind her head. She spun around and also locked eyes with Reda.

This was getting a bit suspicious.

The Half-Elf made to leave before any trouble started, but a hand lightly clasped her forearm.

The ginger haired human had closed the gap between them insanely quickly.

"Hi, my friend and I were wondering if you wanted a drink?"

Reda skeptically raised an eyebrow.

"Sure. Fire whiskey, if it's available."

The fuchsia haired woman clearly heard and made a comment to the bartender. Reda followed the ginger haired woman with the incredible arse back to the bar as a tankard was put in front of her.

The fuchsia haired woman turned to Reda and put her hand on the Half-Elf's forearm, looking her over with navy blue eyes.

Reda was looking lower though, this woman's shirt was cut low enough to display ample cleavage from her very ample bosom.

"There's something we'd like your help with. I'm Sister Kay, and this is my protege, Estia. What's your name, dear?" Kay inquired.

"Reda." She took a swig of her whiskey and found her gaze being brought back to Kay's eyes. "I'm not from around here. I'm actually new to Chellaix."

"We can tell, hun. So, Estia and I represent the Ladies of the Tail Sting. We're a sub faction of the Church of Callistria."

Reda furrowed her eyebrows momentarily.

"The Varisian chapter closed down when I was young. I think. I wasn't allowed out much," Reda recalled. The Elven family she was raised by were too upper class to let slip that they had Half-Elf bastards they used as servants.

"Well, Sister Kay and I," Estia interjected and Reda turned the other way to face her. "We were curious. Kay is hosting a religious gathering at her late husband's later tonight, and we need a fourth. You look capable. Would you be interested in joining us?"

Reda nodded slowly. Her curiosity was peaked.

The Half-Elf downed her drink and felt Estia's soft hand enclose her own.

"Oh. By later tonight, you meant now?"

"Yep," the excited chirp of Estia responded. Reda noticed that they were both wearing wedding bands of different materials.

Before Reda had a chance to question it, Kay and Estia pulled her away.

* * *

The walk back to Kay's was not long, the Cleric's house was not hard to find. The house was not large, seeming only to really contain a small washroom and a larger kitchen.

It wasn't much, but she the owner was a cleric afterall.

But as Reda went to make herself comfortable, Kay waved her hand and a trapdoor opened. A staircase lead the trio down to a much more lavish chamber.

There were mahogany benches with mauve velvet coverings, lounges and bedding adorning the room making it seem much more comfortable and welcoming than the above ground house.

A large cupboard with silver, bee shaped handles stood out as one of the few major furniture pieces in the room.

"Wow," Reda exhaled.

"Do you have anywhere to stay, here in Longacre?" Sister Kay inquired.

"I don't yet. I was hoping to get some lodging at the tavern where I met you two."

"Well, you are welcome to stay here. But we do have something to talk about first." Kay walked around the room with her hands working behind her back.

"We are Ladies of the Tail Sting, and with that comes certain responsibilities. Our lady, Callistria, has certain tenets," Estia began as she also began working her hands at the back of her robe, walking the opposite side of the room to Kay.

"Our Lady asks that we take our own vengeance on those who wrong us. She asks that we take what we desire by any means. She asks that we live our own lives for ourselves," Kay stated as she and Estia were level with one another.

"We ask you join us, Reda. For a night of passion, in our Lady's name," the Ladies of the Tail Sting invited in unison, pulling a lace from their garments and letting them fall to the ground.

Reda's eyes boggled. The two women were bare, their pale skin standing out in the darkened room, and their forms were divine.

"We need an answer," Kay chucked. Her the grin stuck as she saw how awestruck the girl was with their features.

"Yes," Reda nodded frantically and the two women helped her up. Kay unbuckled her cloak and unlaced the top of her tunic, as Estia helped remove them. The topless Half-Elf kissed the senior Sister as Estia's hands found her breasts, using her knuckles to tweak the tips of the modest nipples. Reda groaned into the Sister's mouth, her arousal sending her hormones stampeding through her system.

Reda was no virgin, but a couple of dalliances with the stable boy was not enough to constitute experience.

Kay broke from the kiss, as Reda let her mind focus again.

"My manservant will be joining us too. I hope that's not a problem," Kay remarked and Reda absently nodded.

Estia had unfastened Reda's trousers and soon they too had fallen to the floor, leaving her hairless mound free to the air.

"Where is he?" Reda asked and looked around before noticing a dark skinned figure standing silently in the corner of the room.

"This is Durdyn. I bought him from a slave farm, figured he could have a better life here," Kay explained and Reda immediately tensed.

Drow were her natural enemies, instinctive fear receptors were at maximum but she didn't give in to them and flee. "Drow are very matriarchal, males are seen as lesser to their female counterparts. So he's fully obedient to me, and Estia but me especially." Kay wandered to him and gently pulled him into the light.

He had a navy blue skin tone and white hair, he was lithe like an elf but also heavily scarred. Kay got on her knees and traced a finger along his erection and Reda gulped. It was a bit longer than her stable boy's but incredibly thick.

"He was bred for mostly this purpose," Kay explained further, her own arousal growing slick. "Not the worst life a slave can have." Kay kissed the side of the Drow's manhood and his statuesque visage grunted slightly.

Reda was torn, the instinctual instinct to fight the Drow very strong. She was very aware she was naked, vulnerable. On the other hand, Estia nibbling at her neck had her hormones pumping. She'd never touched or been touched by another woman the way Estia was touching her now. It excited her.

The Half-Elf gave in to her more base desires.

She spun around and pushed Estia to the nearest of the lavish lounges around the chamber. She locked her lips on the juniour cleric and teased her tongue along Estia's.

Estia pulled away from the kiss and held a fistful of Reda's hair.

"You need to join my husband and I sometime."

Reda furrowed her eyebrows.

"Why isn't he here?" Reda inquired.

"He doesn't know I'm part of this small order. He just thinks I've got a tattoo on my butt. Besides, I've got a pass for taking ladies. I just think you'd have fun with us," Estia's explanations had a smile on the corner of her lips that Reda tried to kiss. Estia pulled her back by her hair, the pain proving to add to her arousal.

"I'm going to be right back," the human whispered seductively and Estia shivered. Reda moved off Estia and let her get up, the Half-Elf took the chance to take in Estia's body. Her pink nipples topping her thick breasts were pebbled with excitement, her stomach not flat but ripped. Estia had abs to die for. 

The woman walked past Reda and she took in the supple curves of the peach shaped arse, and true enough, there was a tattoo of a wasp on her left cheek. 

Reda turned back to Kay, who was still on her knees but had managed to take Durdyn's cock in her mouth, she too had this same tattoo on her left butt cheek.

Reda raised her eyebrow upon noticing this and turned back to Estia.

The ginger had a strange, J-shaped tube toy in her hands.

"Is that-"

"Not important right now." Estia pressed her lips firmly into Reda's, her tongue dancing with the invader to her mouth, as her fingertips pressed Reda's softer skin.

The human grinned as her hands caressed the modest bosom of the potential new charge. She'd never touched a remotely elf like woman before. Estia broke the kiss and moved down Estia's body, closing her teeth around Reda's light brown nipple and sucking the tender flesh into her mouth.

With her right hand, she took the other side. Reda's arousal was slickening the exterior of her vulva, her croons of pleasure slowly growing louder.

"Reda," the human broke her seal on the exotic woman's nipple. "Have you been with a human before?"

She used her free hand to push the bracing clip for her phallic aid inside her own path of womanhood, feeling the bud press against her erogenous zone and the end of the shaft pressed on her special bud.

"One. The only one. But he was a boy," Reda exasperatedly responded.

A deep groan came from across the room and the girls looked over to see Kay's eyes widen as Durdyn pressed his hips into hers.

"Well, Reda," Estia whispered into the girl's long ear. "Allow me to be the second." Kay's groans and moans of pleasure were soon joined by Reda's as she felt her silken pathway spread to fit its second phallic friend.

It was as thick as her stable boy's, a little shorter, and with an upward curve.

As Reda's vagina gave resistance, it also pressed the toy around Estia's pleasure centre too, adding her own moans to the mix.

Estia went slowly initially, pressing in and out gently, responding to the looks crossing Reda's face.

"Estia..." the Half-Elf gasped as the fake phallus ground on her pleasure points and the human chuckled.

Estia wasn't normally the top, given that seniority in the order had usually left her the neophyte. Reda's moans encouraged her on, and the young practitioner took the mantle to strive forward.

Estia felt her pubus clap against Reda's vulva, the Half-Elf digging her nails into the well muscled girl's upper arm as she came closer to release.

Reda felt her pleasure build, riding the edge of a release that she had never crossed. She'd thought her stable boy adequate, but Reda had never felt this before.

Estia's climax was building too, but she was more enjoying the pleasure she could hear come from Reda's lips. As Reda's eyes began to roll back in her head, Estia took some inference from the last time Kay had her on her back. She hooked both of Reda's legs and hugged them to her own breasts.

Reda felt her tight corridor get tighter around the hard intruder, her natural lubrication easing Estia's pounding and stimulating nerves she didn't know she had. Her walls clenched down repeatedly on the hard toy, her back arched and Estia withdrew completely while Reda was still in throes of passion and eased it out of her own ladyhood.

She pressed the phallic tip to her lips and tasted Reda's juices off the end of it. Reda's juices were sweet, and as Reda came down from her high, Estia pushed the clip end into her mouth.

Reda's tongue slipped along the harder material, taking in Estia's juices and sighing in pleasure as she did.

"You like that?" Estia asked with a dry smile on her face. Reda nodded and grinned meekly.

Kay exclaimed in pleasure as Durdyn pulled a strong orgasm from her and she whispered in Elven for him to stop.

Kay watched Estia put her knees on either side of Reda's head and grinned.

"Take the red head," Kay whispered in Elven to her Drow slave and he silently nodded. Kay grunted as he pulled out, feeling empty for a moment as the Drow's sizeable manhood withdrew from her.

Reda heard this and looked away from the human girl who obviously didn't speak Elven. 

Estia cocked her head to the side at Reda's distraction but soon felt a male hand on her shoulder.

"I'm married Kay! I can't be with another man," Estia protested as she leaned forward. "I can't."

"Let him have a round with me then, or Reda here. You need to try Durdyn out too," Kay responded as she walked across to where the three were.

Durdyn lined up his cock between Estia's labia, and Reda's eyes widened as she watched the thick, blue cock pushed Estia's walls apart.

Estia gasped and groaned as she stretched further than she'd ever thought herself able.

Reda's arousal didn't go down as Estia grunted and Durdyn's crown pushed against her cervix. Her sweet arousal hadn't gone down either.

Reda felt Kay's soft fingers knead at her breast and looked to the fuchsia haired woman.

Kay beckoned her with a finger and Reda shifted around the her second ever lover and the Drow slowly pushing more of his cock into her.

Kay leaned back and pulled Reda into a passionate kiss. This kiss extended until Reda had her mind straight again, and she broke the kiss.

"Play your cards right," Kay murmured as she ran a finger through her hair. "We might have room for another Lady of the Tail Sting, based on how the rest of our night goes and if our lady approves of you..."

Reda's eyebrows raised and she considered the offer while Kay began running her fingertips along Reda's skin.

Reda pulled her attention back to the sensuous woman before her.

"Why did you force Durdyn on Estia?" Reda quietly asked and Kay chuckled.

"I didn't. She bent over and presented willingly. If she didn't want to be there, trust me when I say she wouldn't."

Reda glanced back at the human on all fours and noticed she was grinning from ear to ear. Kay put a fingertip on Reda's pubic bone and chuckled, remarking "You are completely hairless."

Kay was not completely hairless, she had difficulty with hair down south but had managed it lately into a light landing strip.

"It's genetic, I think. Elves tend not to have body hair. Luckily I got Dad's genes there."

Kay grinned slyly and asked, "Would you like to learn how to give head?"

Reda nodded with excitement and Kay made certain her legs were open and Reda took in her pale and curvaceous form.

"Use your tongue here." Kay put her fingertip just in the top of the crevice of her lady hood and Reda got right down close. She saw the bead that was Kay's clitoris and slowly stuck out her tongue and touched it. Kay nodded at the awkward Half-Elf's hesitant gesture and Reda pressed on. Her tongue rapidly flicked around the hardened nub and Kay's gentle croons and gasps filled the room alongside the grunting and groaning from Estia.

Kay's flavour was different to Estia. A little more tang, similar to how the smell of a rose might taste.

"I'm coming!" Estia cried as Durdyn pounded his full length into her still spasming ladyhood.

Kay grinned at that declaration but her smile widened as pleasure ran through her systems once more.

As Reda experimented with her tongue, she trailed a fingertip up down the tender skin of Kay's thigh to the joint at her hip, moving it inward, over the vulva and slowly slipping between her labia, into the soaked pleasure tunnel between her legs. Reda's finger ran along the upper wall, skipping the ridges and finding Kay's other major pleasure spot.

Kay's moans picked up in volume, matching the output Estia was managing.

Kay's walls began clenching, spasming as she found herself coming again. Reda's tongue kept moving as Kay came, overstimulating her briefly before she pulled Reda's face away.

"You did good," Kay laughed as she rode out the rest of her orgasm.

Reda smiled at her, her face still glistening with Kay's juices. Kay looked up to Estia, in the throes of her third orgasm and whispered a word in Elven.

"Stop."

Durdyn thrust his full length into Estia one last time before pulling out slowly. Estia whimpered as he withdrew from her married vagina.

Reda felt her breath catch in her throat as she glanced back at him and realized where that monster cock was going next. 

"Wait a moment," Reda whispered in Elven and Durdyn paused.

Kay chuckled and added, "Your turn, new blood."

"I'm scared," Reda confessed.

"He's not putting it in your butt..." Kay trailed off and Reda felt butterflies in her stomach. "You want it, right?"

Reda bit her lip and nodded slowly.

"Durdyn," Kay instructed, gesturing to Reda and the naked Drow got on his knees behind Reda. The Half-Elf spread her thighs, presenting her lower lips reluctantly.

"Slow," Kay instructed. Reda gave a waneful smile of thanks as she felt the thick head of Durdyn's manhood brush against her inner labia. She was ready, the fact Durdyn was a Drow, her natural enemy, both scared and aroused her further.

Then pain and pleasure struck her simultaneously as Durdyn pressed his crown into the tight passage.

"Oh fuck!" Reda cried out and Kay smiled. Durdyn stifled a groan of his own pleasure. He was conditioned not to show pleasure, even though his new owner wanted to bring it out of him. He went slow, as Kay directed, and Reda grunted as her vaginal walls were forced apart. Her eyes began to water as she fought off the urge to climax.

Kay used her left hand to cradle Reda's chin as Durdyn pushed further in, and her right used her middle finger to stimulate her seed of pleasure. Reda bit her lip, the stretching along with the grinding of Durdyn's manhood along her G-Spot was bringing the Half-Elf to the edge, riding the rim of an orgasm without quite crossing it.

Estia had mostly recovered enough of her brain to look over to the groaning and moaning and exchanged a glance with Kay. Estia took the toy she fucked Reda with earlier and stumbled over to Kay. The elder Cleric kissed Estia before turning her head back to Reda and Durdyn, commanding in Elven, "Put her on top."

Reda felt strong arms around her waist as the pounding she was struggling to take slowed, and Durdyn rolled onto his back. Reda was now facing away from the other women present and felt a soft hand push her forwards.

Estia and Kay both licked their lips as they got a better view of the Half-Elf's pink entrance spreading around the thick, blue cock.

Estia took the hooked end of her phallus and attempted to reinsert it in her tunnel of pleasure, wincing as her still raw walls clenched the hard end. The phallic end glistened with the Half-Elf's juices still, and Reda would appreciate that in the morning. Reda's moans continued to fill the chamber as Durdyn pushed further and further down her pink path, before a new sensation found her.

The head of the phallus that fucked her earlier popped through her sphincter, the walls of her anus spreading as her vaginal walls clenched down tighter on the blue intruder pushing them apart. Durdyn groaned as he felt his climax build, but he had the willpower to hold it. The unmarked girl needed to climax, he knew it was building in her. Estia's arse was also bouncing over him now, so removed a hand from the Half-Elf's hip and pushed his index and middle finger into her rosebud, miming the pattern of stroking he was raised to remember.

Estia groaned, her next climax building steadily as she simultaneously sodomized Reda and was enjoying dual penetration herself. Reda was riding the edge of her climax very hard until eventually, as Estia and Durdyn fully synced their rhythm, her walls clenched hard enough to expel Durdyn's monster, her juices squirting up his lower torso. She was in shaking bliss as Estia continued fucking her arse until the human too reached her climax, her sore walls clenching down on her toy with a great mixture of pleasure and pain.
