 Tak'Lon's Wager, Part 1

By Paladin

Author's Note: This is a 08-2009 re-write of the original story. I brought Tak'lon and his buddy back into the story more, and made other edits. I also included new parts. It was originally meant to be a multi-part story and it just never happened. Sorry for the long delay- I hope it was worth it. 

2014 and 2016 Note: Additional minor edits to meet submission guidelines. 

Note: "My Erotic Fiction", that is, it belongs to me and cannot be reposted without my permission, that it may be illegal or immoral for some people to read, and it is not based on reality as we know it, for example, high school students here are 18 or older..

* * *

Tak'Lon's Wager

PART ONE

Some aliens mean to harm us.

Some aliens are studying us.

Some just want to have fun...

Tak'Lon and Psat'Dooo were indulging in the outlawed national pastime of the B'Naf'By (which means 'the Wise, Benevolent, and Really Good Looking Ones, and to spitog with everyone else' in their native tongue)- gambling on research subjects- in this case, humans.

As always, the bet involved the reactions of a pre-selected subject to unusual stimulus. The details and rules of the wager are too complex to get into here. Besides, just thinking about B'Naf'By gambling protocols tends to give humans brain tumors. In fact, it is probably best to leave most of the details about them, their ship, and their purported mission to the imagination. Your guesses will be wrong, but far more pleasant than the reality!

It has been an exceptionally long tour for our pair. They are basically on 'stake out', and unfortunately, they drew a double shift- two of their months, which translates to about five of our years. They were grumpy and bored and figured no one would notice if they played a little game. Their species' 'little games' have so far accounted for the extinction of hundreds of species across the universe, and there are still a couple planets unaccounted for. These games are outlawed by interstellar decree and are the basis of one of the biggest and longest running feuds in known space. The B'Naf'By don't see what all the fuss is. They argue that no really useful species has ever been hurt, and besides it is just good clean fun!

Daniel was totally unprepared for what was about to happen to him.

Daniel (he'd probably be 'Dan' to his buddies, but he doesn't really have any, and he is 'Danny' only to his mom and sister) was walking home from high school thinking about what he was going to do after graduation. He kept coming back to joining the military because they could not afford college and not much else really appealed to him. The school day is generally a blur of boring classes and moderate hazing by the other students, and today was not much better.

As he walked home, he saw a toy ray gun with a big tag tied to it that read 'Pick Me Up'. He looked around for booby traps or hidden cameras, then picked it up. The other side of the stiff tag said: "Instant Change Ray Gun- instantly changes anyone into whatever you want! Good for 10-20 shots. Just think about what you want the target to look, think, and/or act like, select 'Temporary' or 'Permanent' setting for the switch, choose the duration of the change (if temporary) on the dial, then point the gun and pull the trigger. Warning- Do not use while intoxicated or sleeping. Do not use underwater. Do not use within 15 kiblots of fruit. These directions will self-destruct in 10 secon..." The tag suddenly burst into a bright flame and poofed into ashes.

OK, this was too weird for Daniel. He was carrying the gun and heading home, trying to remember exactly what the tag had said. The usage directions were clear enough (the controls on the gun were well-labeled), and most of the warnings were somewhat logical, but... "fruit? Kiblots? Did it mean 'kilobytes'? Did I misread it?" He looked more closely at the gun. It looked just like the toy sparking ray guns he played with as a child. The internal mechanism looked pretty much like the toys did- sparker, ratchet mechanism... except this gun had a heavy battery-looking thing in the handle that made it weight a lot for its size. As he thought about it, he noticed he was getting a woodie just thinking about the possibilities, when someone touched him on the shoulder!

He spun around, reflexively pulling the trigger as he did...

...and the beam caught his neighbor's daughter, eighteen year-old Trixie, full on. She looked stunned for a minute, then grinned and asked in a mocking tone "Daniel, what's that? A toy gun! Can I play with it?"

Daniel stuttered out "N.. n, n, no. I, I, I need to go home now." Oh, my god, he beamed the neighbor's kid! Thankfully, it did not look like anything was happening. He turned to go home and heard her say goodbye... but... her voice sounded a little different. He turned back to see Trixie walking away with a sexy sway to her growing hips. The gothic waif she had been a minute ago was changing as he watched. She was as tall as he was and her clothing was barely keeping up. Her snug black T-shirt was now showing off a lot of her back and her shorts were now skin-tight, showing a perfect butt. Her legs were filling out, sculpting themselves beautifully. Her dyed black hair was growing long and a silky chestnut- the color it was when she was growing up. Even her bare feet looked sexy. He could see large breasts stretching the thin shirt- bulging out both sides of her.

Suddenly, she stopped and turned to look at him- ohmigod She was gorgeous! Her skinny teen face looked like a centerfold model. "Danny, can I come home with you, instead? I'd really like to... 'play'. Do you want to 'play' with me, stud?" She asked with a very suggestive smile on her face.

"Uh... s, s, sure!" He managed to stammer out. Wow- he was having problems communicating this afternoon! She smiled like she had just won the jackpot. She skipped over to grab his arm and almost drug him the rest of the way home. They rapidly went upstairs, with Daniel thanking his lucky stars that no one else was home. Trixie fell to kissing him fervently, running her free hand over his body. She was slipping them both out of their clothes murmuring about how much she wanted him, how hot she was, how much she had looked forward to this...

'Uueerk!" He gargled as he came in her hand when she touched his stiff cock. She smiled and lifted her hand to her face and licked it off in front of him, then kissed him hard, letting him taste his own salty flavor on her lips. He finally got his brain in gear and reached up to fondle her huge, warm, bouncy boobs. Just touching her tits got him hard again and she slipped to her knees to take him in her hot mouth. She licked, caressed, and tickled his cock and balls until he shot another wad.

Trixie squealed with happiness as his hot cum shot in her mouth and on her face. She stood again to wipe herself off, and gently, shyly took his hand to lead him to the bed. "I've been waiting for this, Studly! I need you inside me so bad!" She said as she nuzzled his neck and played with his cock before pushing him into bed. She nestled her pussy at the tip of his prick, then worked her way down, inch by agonizing inch. When she hit the bottom, she began to squirm and move, twisting herself every which way on his straining meat. Then she began a basic, primal pounding- up and down, up and down... getting faster and faster, harder and harder. She began to cry out as orgasm after orgasm hit as she screwed herself brainless on her beloved's god-like cock! He came again and she moaned as she shuddered through the biggest of the climaxes so far. She flopped down on top of him bonelessly, smashing her incredible boobs on his rather scrawny chest.

"Oh, my God, that was wonderful, Studly." She whispered in his ear, licking it playfully with her tongue. After a bit Daniel worked up the energy to position himself to begin to eat her out. He was finally taking some initiative. He kissed her delicate lips, nose being tickled by her crinkly hairs. He licked her sensitive lips, tasting their flavors mixed on her juices. He reached up to play with her large breasts as she wiggled and moaned under his ministrations, twisting his bedding around her.

Her soft, sparse hairs felt wonderful on his nose while he delighted in the sensations of her rock hard nipples on her more-than-a-handful tits under his hands. He licked her pussy again until she came again with a delightful shiver. He sat back on his haunches to catch his breath and just look at her all tangled in his sheets.

He suddenly noticed that she definitely looked skinnier. Hr hair was darker and her breasts did not hold up the sheet they way they had a moment ago. OhmiGAWD! What was the gun set to?? He scrambled up and looked for where he dropped it earlier. 'Temporary, 30 minutes".

"Um, Daniel, that was fun, but I think I need to get dressed. I think it's almost time for supper." He gave her some privacy as she quickly got dressed and ran out of the room. Daniel saw her dash into her home just seconds before his mom's car came into view. He grabbed his clothes and slipped off to the one bathroom to clean up.

Meanwhile, circling a mere light-second above the planet, the watcher's horrible vessel floated on the ether. Of course, intergalactic law required a TWO light-second distance when following planets, but Tak'Lon wanted a better view, especially upon gaining the first score. Victory slime oozed out of every orifice, which Psat'Dooo had to mop up, per tradition. This, of course, made Psat'Dooo oh, so very happy. The various ship droids carefully avoided the even more odiferous than usual Psat'Dooo as s/he sklurped his way back to s/his chambers.

"Danny, we're home!" His mom called as she and his sister came in. "Danny? Where are you?" She came upstairs looking for him. "Danny? Are you in the bathroom? What is that smell?" Oh, dang. What to do, what to do...

Daniel came out and played innocent. "Hi Mom! I was in the bathroom. What smell?"

"It smells like... like..." His mom was stymied. It smelled like hot sex to her, but she was unable to connect the thoughts 'Daniel' and 'hot sex' in any coherent way. "Is there anything funny in your room?"

He replied that there might be some old food or something in there, he'd clean up the room tonight. He kissed his mom and went down to help with the household chores and homework. The rest of the night went well, until...

Daniels's mom, Nora, and his sister, Christie, were at the table working on their business or school stuff while Daniel took his turn at dishes. His mind was a million miles away, thinking about how he could use the gun, imagining wild sexual escapades and using his collection of downloaded pictures as the raw materials- oh, yeah... especially that one hot model... what was her name? Wild dirty blonde hair, big boobs... Oh, yeah, that would be so sweet! As he stretched over the counter to reach a stray glass, he felt something odd catch in his pocket.

OhmiGOD! The gun! He did not remember putting it in his pocket- the dang thing has a hair trigger and no safety catch! He felt the beam shoot past his leg and spun to watch it ricochet off his mom and hit his sister. Nooo! Not only did he not particularly want to change them, but he did not want to waste any of the charges. AND he could not recall if it was set to 'Temporary' or 'Permanent' this time!

He froze as he saw them change before his eyes. Their hair was first- his mom's from grey-streaked black and his sisters from a dark sandy color both to a dazzling pale gold with a wild array of darker and lighter streaks. His mom grew a bit shorter and his sister grew a lot taller as one grew younger and the other aged.

Daniel watched as his sister grew older before his very eyes. She was getting taller and wider. While a lot of her body was out of his sight under the table, he watched in amazement as her chest slowly ballooned out from a braless youthful flatness to an enthusiastic hugeness- EE or F cup if he remembered the stats on the original model. As her tits swelled, he swore he could hear her skin make a soft erotic moan as it stretched. Her soft pink T-shirt stretched to the limits of endurance as her developing nipples pushed thumb-sized dents in the taut fabric.

Christie did not seem to notice any changes as her lengthening arms were pushing her glass of juice across the table.

Even as he was staring at his sister's developing bust, he noticed his mom changing at the same time. His mom's breasts were about a B or C cup now that he actually looked at them. First, they seemed to lift, then separate as they grew. He heard her bra hooks ping as they died, one by one. Her button-up shirt was getting really, really tight- the seams straining, little threads showing. Her shirt was showing a rather absurd shape as her growing boobs massively overflowed her old cups and were being mashed by the bra and more than skin-tight shirt. At the same time, the collar, sleeves and waist of the shirt were getting looser.

Daniel could see her hips reshaping and bottom plumping up. Her legs shifted angles a little as they grew longer and shapelier. The waist of her business-like skirt got saggy even as the hips grew snug. He watched as his mom got deliciously leggier.

Their faces were shifting to identical twins with perfectly straight noses, cute mouths with luscious lips, and incredible cheekbones. Daniel's mind was struggling to take in all of the changes- he never would have thought of ears as sexy before this, and their graceful necks alone captured his gaze for long seconds. His mom's skin was taking on a golden hue as it smoothed over and she absently removed her glasses with an incredibly sculpted arm and delicate fingers.

As one, both goddesses sighed and took a huge stretch as if to work out some kinked muscles. When they pulled their arms back, his mom's shirt tore along the side seam and his sister's T was stretched to transparency.

His mom turned to Christie and said "Hmmm, I need a break. How about you?" Christie smiled and nodded happily. They turned to look at Daniel and Nora asked "How about it lover? Are you up for some fun?" Christie giggled happily as Danny blushed furiously. 

His mom stood up and wiggled out of clothes that were horribly tight in some places and ludicrously loose in others. She stretched again and rubbed herself where the clothes pinched- which happened to be centered on her bountiful breasts. She began purring as she touched herself. Nora also slithered out of her mis-fitting clothes and was massaging her sides and hips where her old waistband left marks on her otherwise flawless skin. They stepped over to Daniel and one tilted his head back for a deep, tongue-filled kiss, while the other undid his trousers and was caressing his cock.

Daniel had just turned eighteen years-old a couple months ago. He has never had sex before a few hours ago, although he usually masturbated several times a week. He has already cum three times, but was rapidly preparing to go for a personal best record. By now, he was waking up a bit so he led his twin twenty-something bombshells into the living room, where there were lots of pillows, a thick rug, and a big, sturdy couch.

By the time the threesome got to the room, Daniel could not tell one from the other, and he was not sure it made a difference. He kissed one of them hard and played with her nipples as the other played with his cock and balls. He swapped them and kissed the other while the first began to take his cock deep in her mouth. When she began to suck with gusto, all thoughts fled his mind.

Daniel was not sure he could satisfy both women orally and still be able to fuck them, so he shoved the other girl on the floor and shoved his cock deep into her. She squealed and squirmed like a demon impaled on a spike- it was wonderful! The other twin alternated between sucking and kissing his cock when it came out of her sister's cunt, and squatting over Daniel's head, dripping her juices on him when he was not licking her off.

He came with a grunt as his partner panted her way through an athletic orgasm. The unfulfilled twin quickly moved Daniel to the couch and literally jumped his bone, plunging all the way in one slick move. God, while they looked and sounded identical, they tasted, smelled, moved, and reacted so differently! This one was more aggressive, humping and moving as she ground her big tits in Daniel's face, begging him to suck them. The other girl had recovered enough that she was kissing him on every place she could reach, even sucking his toes! When she licked the sole of his foot in one long swipe, he suddenly came deep inside his partner's hot cunt. She freaked out, shaking and moaning as his sperm was pushed deep inside her.

Both women gently manipulated Daniel on the couch and stretched out beside him, keeping him cozy as they fell into a deep, warm sleep.

Tak'Lon's victory ooze turned acidic and ate through the deck plates with a noxious sizzle. It had been that verdammitsnitzle Psat'Dooo's idea to design the gun with no trigger guard. Not only did s/he get this point, it was doubled for twins. TWINS! Psat's chuckles could be heard throughout the odious craft until Tak'lon tore his/her own ears off. The overworked repair droids sighed and went back to work.

The next morning, Daniel woke up with a start- something odd was... Ohmigod- a foxy babe was kissing and licking his morning hard-on! Ohmigod! The events of the last few hours came rushing back at him! The gun- what was the setting? He did not know which girl servicing him, but when she saw that he was awake, she switched to full steam ahead. Daniel would have sworn he was done, spent, kaput for a while, but she was determined, sexy, and sneaky! She was playing with his asshole! His asshole! She was dragging her long nails softly on his bare tummy- it was flinching and twitching in response. 'Ohmi... GAWD!' He thought as she sucked what seemed like his very soul out of his meat. He fell back, wasted, spent, pooped. She stood up and called for Nora, who appeared promptly and helped him figure out who was who. The two of them gave him a bath that felt like heaven, then got him dressed and fed him an excellent breakfast.

As he ate, he was puzzled- the two of them were talking, and it sounded so odd.

One: "So what are you wearing tonight?"

The other: "Well, I was going to go with the school girl look. I always get a lot of tips with that outfit"

The first: "Totally! Maybe I'll go as a stern schoolmistress! We can do a little S&M and stuff!"

The second: "That would be so awesome!"

...and more along those lines. The two did not seem to think it odd that they had changed, and they seemed to have some job together- as strippers if Danny put the clues together right! He was noticing that the house was subtly different as well. Pictures of his sis and mom were gone (although there was a couple of his mom and dad from long ago), and there were a lot of pictures of the two girls and Danny- and the pics of the girls were usually quite revealing! The décor was a bit brighter and more off-beat than he remembered it. He was pretty sure there was not a big brass pole in the living room before, either. He then realized that he had never seen what they were wearing before. One was wearing a see-through black lace robe and the other was more fully dressed in white skin-tight shorts and a light blue T-shirt that revealed a mile of cleavage.

Daniel was dying of curiosity. "So, where's mom?" he asked. The girls exchanged a quick look.

Black lace robe replied "Mmm, Danny, remember? Mom passed away a few years ago, and you came to live with us- your older sisters?" The moment she said that, he suddenly remembered it. Odd- he had two different memories of growing up. Of course, he did not have any friends in either version, although in the newer version, he knew that guys would kill to be his best buddy if it meant that they could be near his sisters! He also 'remembered' that the girls were really, really into sex and loved having sex with him! Ah, sweet memories!
