 Note: "My Erotic Fiction", that is, it belongs to me and cannot be reposted without my permission, that it may be illegal or immoral for some people to read, and it is not based on reality as we know it, for example, high school students here are 18 or older...

* * *

Shuffling to the bathroom, Daniel fumbled for the gun, turned it on himself, and pulled the trigger.

Did you know that squash were actually members of the fruit family? Yeah, they are called 'pepos', which is a fruiting body with seeds in it and a thick rind, like melons... ummmm, melons! Now- few humans know this, so you gotta wonder how the database built into the alien ray gun built by a civilization that has no green plants knew that the decorative gourds in the bathroom were, indeed, fruit.

Flashing lights and loud music blasted the two lovely girls from the bed, they gasped in terror at the sight in the bathroom doorway. Looking at the scanners, Tak'Lon and Psat'Dooo grasped at each other and screamed like girls at what emerged. A cloud of brightly colored smoke drifted out of the bathroom, followed by...

"Disco Dan at your service ladies. Who wants to get funky?" He was wearing a big afro, a white spangled leisure suit, and a horrific smirk as he boogied into the room to the strains of 'Stayin' Alive'. He disco'ed over to Neko and gave her a big swirl as he jived to Trixie and started to dance with her. Trixie felt the music wash over her and began to twitch and shuffle her feet in awkward rhythms. Oh my god! The horror, the HORROR!

Daniel and Trixie began to move in a primitive, primal mating dance set to raucous 80's music. Disco Danny ripped off his Velcro'ed trousers and flung them across the room as he thrust his hips in ways that if the two were closer together would have been raw sex. Trixie jerked around in patterns that were already dying off when her teenaged body was born eight years ago. The beautiful, vibrant, energetic, young, graceful and flexible girl looked like an idiot but felt her juices warming up in response to the syncopation and seeing Daniel's 'fifth limb' dance as if possessed.

Trixxie's movements smoothed out, and the remnants of her nightie began to grow sequins. Her hair was growing colorful streaks as sparkly make-up began to bloom on her face and a galaxy of glitter shimmered on her chest. Her motions began to mirror Daniel's as they moved closer. Trixxxie's nipples began to move on Daniel's fancy vest and her hips thrust her hungry pussy towards his cock head, even as she added more X'es to her name. The music swelled as they joined at the hips in the sort of graceful/spastic movements that characterized victims of the disco fever. Daniel sucked at her nipples as she came at the climax of the song.

Even as Psat'Dooo was reaching for the 'Abort' button, Neko pulled the gun on Daniel and blasted him back to normal... normal-er... well, to where he was just after Trixie overinflated his cock earlier. The 'halo effect' cleaned Trixie up as well. The exhausted duo managed to gasp out a 'thank you' to Neko before they passed out. As the mortals slept, the B'Naf'By craft was littered with the alien equivalent of Post-it Notes and beer bottles as the demonic duo tried to figure out the points so far. A plume of rancid debris drifted behind the ship as the service robots struggled to clean up after the devastation that the mild disagreement incurred.

The galaxy seemed to take a deep cleansing breath. That's it. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Slowly... relax... in... out... That's a good galaxy.

The next day was a pretty typical day in Daniel's new life. His sisters and Neko made him some breakfast and his sisters both managed to get a healthy dose of his man juice before he had to leave for school. Trixie walked him to school as Neko followed with his bag. Suze the Slut ignored him again and Deborah made him fuck her butt in the girl's room between classes. At lunch, almost everyone stared at Daniel as he sat with Trixie and Neko, and everyone saw Deborah go up to him to yell at him for something even as she publically rubbed her groin against his bulge. A trio of the school's hottest chicks (that had not been shot already) were hanging out by the door and made some sort of comments about Daniel that had the students near them laughing. Daniel pulled out the gun and tried to shoot, until he noticed that the gun was all wrapped up in masking tape and stuff.

When Trixie came around the corner and saw the gun out, she quickly whisked Daniel out of sight and started to herd him home.

"What's the deal, Studly? I thought you were going to leave that thing at home?" Trixie queried.

"I, I, I, I meant to. I put it in my sock drawer, under my Playboys- the ones with my sisters in them. I know I left it there! I think I left it there... OK, so I grabbed it. You never know when you need a portable transmogrifying plasmid generator handy. Since I don't have one of those, I thought I'd carry the gun. How'd it get all wrapped up?"

"This morning, when Christie was giving you your off-to-school blow job, I saw it sticking out of your bag so I..."

Daniel interrupted her. "How the hell did you know that?"

"Studly, I saw it in the bag."

"No," Daniel clarified, "I meant how did you know it was Christie? They're identical- even I can't tell them apart".

Trixie stared at him. "Because Christie has green eyes, and Nora has blue."

"Really? I hadn't notic..." Trixie interrupted him.

"And Nora parts her hair on the left, while Christie does it on the right. How about the differences in their fingernail art? Did you notice that? Their different belly button piercings?" Daniel had a blank look on his face. "Oh come on, studly- surely you noticed that they both wear personalized necklaces?"

"Necklaces? I know one of them giggles when she cums and the other tends to hum during blowjobs. They wear necklaces? Which one is the one that can cook?" Daniel wondered out loud.

"AHEM. Back to the gun. When I saw it in your bag, I slipped it out and Nora and I taped it up so you could not use it without having to mess with it for a while. Neko kept watch until we slipped it back in the bag. We think you need to cool it for a while. You already have a harem that wants to fuck you to death daily, and you don't know how much longer the gun will last."

"Of course I do! We've used three shots on me, two on you (Trixie's face scrunched up at this point- he used the gun on HER?), one on Neko, one each for Mrs. Jackson and Deborah, and either one or two on my sisters. That's either ten or eleven shots and I have twenty." Daniel counted them off on his fingers.

"That's not what you told me the instructions said." Trixie corrected, as she tried to remember being zapped. "You said ten to twenty charges. I'd bet that the difference depends on how big the changes were. Deborah was a small change, and making your cock huge was, if you'll forgive the expression, probably a small change. Mrs. Jackson was a big change. I sorta remember that you only had one sister, about five or six years older than me... er, a little younger than me..." Trixie's brain spun for a moment. "Well, only one sister and a mom. Did you change both of them?"

"Yeah, but it was an accident. I see what you mean. That was a pretty big change, and Neko was a big change. I'm not sure how you count since it was mostly an accelerated growth spurt with some breast enhancement and minor bimbofication mixed in." Daniel muttered out loud as he thought about which stories he had been reading that influenced Trixie's changes. He missed the expression on her face.

"YOU MADE ME A BIG-TITTED HORNY BIMBO AND FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU?" Trixie screamed. "Oh my God that turns me on! Fuck me, studly! Fuck me now!" She pushed him against the wall of the classroom they were talking in and yanked down his pants. She pulled her short skirt and sexy panties off and put her foot on his shoulder, doing a sort of vertical splits. She maneuvered his thick meat into her wet gash, rubbing it on her clit on the way in. They kissed hard and deep as she thrust herself on him hard and deep. He was in heaven playing with her heavy tits as the door opened and someone gasped.

Daniel struggled to open his sweating eyes and squeaked when he saw Suze Jackson and Deborah staring at the gymnastically fucking pair. "We'll have to finish our discussion about the homework later, Deborah. Something seems to have come up." Deborah was barely listening as her eyes locked onto the pole that was appearing and disappearing into Trixie's enticing pussy.

Trixie by now had seen the intruders but was locked into a delicious orgasm, thrashing around as he blew a hot wad in her. She rammed herself hard against him as her body jerked a few last shudderingly pleasant times and she gave him a languid kiss before lifting herself off him.

Trixie turned to Mrs. Jackson with a smile and began "I can explain..." before she noticed that Suze was pretty much undressed already and reaching out to nuzzle Trixie's incredible breasts. Trixie moaned and returned the favor to Suze's own titanic twins. Without another word, they were kissing and fondling and slipping to the floor.

Deborah in the meantime was staring at Daniel's cum-streaked cock and absently disrobing . Daniel's cock twitched as he watched her slide her bra and panties off, and she jumped a little at the twitch. She bent to his rather slimy cock and began to lick it off, building in intensity with every lap. She worked harder and harder to get every tiny drop of delicious scum off his magnificent meat. The whole thing slipped into her mouth as Deborah was making low moans and flipping her hair away as if trying to make a better camera shot.

"Oh my god, I can't wait any more". Deborah said as she changed positions. "I need you. I can't stand you but I need your amazing cock in me. Please, please, please fuck me you fucking fucker!" Daniel slid to the floor and Deborah climbed on, facing away (so she would not have to look at him so much). Feet planted to either side of him, she rapidly squatted her juicy cunt down his full length, feeling a quick tasty orgasm building already. She braced her arms on a nearby desk and raised and lowered her haunches to minimize skin contact other than with his huge cock as he thrust his pelvis upwards in time. He reached around and played with her tits, delighting in how different her breasts and nipples felt. Deborah moaned loudly enough to catch Trixie's attention. Trixie looked up from her feast and smiled at the bouncing girl even as she wiped Mrs. Jackson's juices from her face.

The door opened again as Neko walked in with all of their bags. Calmly surveying the scene, she offered Daniel a bottle of water and slipped handy cushions under Mrs. Jackson's head and hips. Receiving assorted murmured thanks, Neko proceeded to talk softly in Deborah's ear.

"That's it, bitch. Can you feel him in you? Is he stretching you? Is he fucking your hot little cunt good? Feels good, doesn't it? Imagine him blasting his hot thick sperm deep inside your hungry pussy, fertilizing dozens of your eggs, making you a mommy with a swollen belly. Think about the next nine months, stroking your huge tummy as his babies grow in you. It makes you so hot, doesn't it? Stroke by stroke, filling you, dragging that thick cock head of his along your tender cunt walls." Deborah gave Neko a stare comprised of equal parts sheer lust and fear but she doubled her speed pounding away on his shaft.

Neko started to rub Deborah's mound and ass as she continued. "Mmmm, you say you hate him, but look at you. You're glowing with lust, radiant with sheer heat for his big, thick, hard cock deep in you. Can you feel that orgasm building? You can't have it until He says so, you know that right? It will grow and grow but only our Master can release it in you. It must feel so wonderful and terrible to feel it grow and grow and not be able to cum. You want it so bad, don't you? So bad, so hot, so wonderful."

Deborah was looking panicky as she was desperately trying to cum, thrashing herself hard on him with both Trixie and Suze looking on, echoing Neko's words like a Greek chorus, making Deborah more and more desperate.

"Beg him" Neko urged. "Beg him to let you cum." The other two women were murmuring 'beg him' in the background. Deborah resisted. Beg Daniel? She would rather die. "Beg him. Beg Lord Daniel to fuck you to orgasm." Deborah was weakening in body and spirit. 

"Please let me cum" Deborah muttered. Neko slapped her lightly and told her to address Daniel with proper respect. "Please, Daniel, let me cum." Deborah asked plaintively. Daniel was barely able to follow the conversation and was about to give her permission when Neko slapped her again.

"Ask with true respect. We have all heard what you have said about Daniel, and now you want something from him he does not have to give. There are several women who gladly fuck him without asking anything from him. If you want to cum, you must treat him right." Watching little humble Neko humiliate Deborah was oddly arousing to Daniel (and apparently Trixie and Suze as well). Daniel was gritting his teeth to avoid blasting into Deborah.

Deborah pivoted one of her long legs up and over Daniel as she spun on his cock and looked him deep in the eyes. Her brown eyes were full of longing and tears. "Daniel, sir, I am so sorry for everything I've done to you, everything I've said about you. I'm even sorry about the noodle incident from last semester. I will try to make it all up to you. Please, will you let me cum? I will do whatever you ask if you just let me cum." She sobbed.

Daniel smiled at her. "Kiss me." She looked startled. "Kiss me and I will forgive you and let you cum." She kissed him hard and enthusiastically as they came together in a massive, wet rush of emotions and fluids. Trixie and Suze came as well with happy moans. About the only people who were unhappy were Tak'Lon and Psat'Dooo- but since they were not people and were rarely happy they did not really count.

As the five young people rested in post-coital bliss, the orbiting aliens were in their separate cabins, plotting their next moves. This last bout of sex was right in Psat'Dooo's plan, but the trickiness of Tak'Lon trying to hide the gun had gummed up the plan. Psat'Dooo almost chuckled at how his shipmate almost tricked him- hiding the gun under socks! Tak'Lon knew full well that Psat'Doo's gender could not see or sense socks. The gun would have been invisible to the squat monstrosity had Daniel not tried to cover it with a magazine as well. The odd bumpiness of the magazine gave everything away.

Tak'Lon was smirking, glad to be alone so Psat'Dooo could not guess what he was up to. He had noticed a detail that he was willing to bet that Psat'Dooo had overlooked and was plotting how to exploit it.

Neko took charge of getting everyone cleaned up and off on their separate ways and in no time she was walking demurely behind Trixie and Daniel as they walked home. "Daniel-san, Trixie, please do not forget that Christie and Nora have invited us to meet them at the club for supper." The two acknowledged her reminder, kissed, and Daniel watched Trixie almost skip to her front door.

Daniel and Neko got home, turned on some music, and studied for a few hours. Daniel was oddly refreshed by the normalcy of just studying and actually looking forward to not having sex for a while. He did not even notice that poor Neko was hot and bothered by the recent mini-orgy and was frustrated that Daniel was not thinking about her needs. She mentally chastised herself for thinking of 'her' needs over his and excused herself quietly to go and jill off a little.

"Master, should we begin to get ready to go to the club?" Neko asked a few hours later. Rousing himself from his studies, Daniel grunted his assent and went upstairs. Neko followed along and started his shower as he undressed- she wanted to help him so much, but it seems to make him nervous when she was 'too' helpful. When both were naked, she helped him into the shower and began to scrub his back with a loofa. Trying to be helpful, he was trying to wash her hair, which got both of them giggling over his fumbling but well-meaning efforts. She gently scrubbed his cock and could not resist giving it a little kiss.

"Oh, my God, Neko. That feels so good. Hey... how long has it been since I have fucked you?" Daniel suddenly realized he was neglecting his little oriental dolly.

"It has been over a day, Master Daniel. The night before you turned yourself to a disco king." Daniel was saddened that he had neglected his beloved little Neko so much and gave her a big wet hug, relishing the feeling of her nipples against his soapy chest. He asked if she had a favorite position, and she replied that she loved whatever he wanted, but if he would not mind... she turned away from him and bent over, grabbing a pipe near the shower head.

She was short enough that it was easy for Danny to just slip his cock in her squirming hole. She started to yelp almost immediately. Daniel kept shifting his grip to find a way to keep everything good- grabbing a windowsill and the curtain rod helped, especially when he would shift one arm to brace himself on her back. The rushing water made everything sexier and more difficult, but he was feeling it. Neko's moaning yelps, her reaching behind her to fondle his balls, the smooth sensation of rubbing her back and ass, the feeling of the water hitting him and running down their bodies- it all came together in a very satisfying climax for both of them just as the hot water ran out.

Squealing and laughing, they stumbled out of the shower and dried each other off with thick handfuls of towels that Neko had pre-placed on the warming rack. Daniel was amazed at how good Neko's skin tasted with the water still on it as he kissed and licked her even as she dried him off. Eventually, they were dressed and heading to Trixie's home.

Trixie's dad met them at the door. ('Is he looking older?' Daniel wondered, suddenly realizing how much must have changed in Trixie's house). He did not seem overly happy.

"I'm sorry Daniel, Neko, but Trixie is certainly not going out with you to some strip club for supper. I don't care that the restaurant is in a different part of the building. I'm pretty upset that you would even ask her. Betty and I have not been happy with some of the things that have been going on lately, and we are going to keep her at home for right now until things settle down and we have discussed her future."

Daniel was stunned. Sure, he could see Mr. Rogers' point and he suddenly realized that Trixie's family probably heard and saw a lot of the things going on next door, but Trixie was his girlfriend. In his teenaged mind this wasn't fair! With a confidence he really did not feel, he politely asked "I understand Mr. Rogers. Would it be possible to talk to you and Mrs. Rogers for a second? Maybe we can clear everything up?" Mr. Rogers reluctantly conceded and let the two teens in.

The Rogerses sat on the couch, a solid mass of disapproval united in their dislike and distrust of Daniel and Neko. "OK, son, what do you have to say for yourself? I know things were rough for you with both of your parent's gone, and I was happy that you and Trixie hit it off- you seemed to need a friend. But now... your sisters are strippers, you have a slave who dresses like a cartoon slut, Trixie is staying out way past her curfew and has been coming home smelling to high heaven. We are not happy. Not happy at all, and we think it is all your fault."

Daniel sat abashed as he looked at this from their point of view. He had a great speech all planned, but it felt stupid in his mouth now. He was about to apologize and go home when two flashes filled the room. Trixie blew an imaginary puff of smoke off the barrel of the ray gun and tossed it back to Neko. "Thanks for bringing it, Neko!" Neko assured her it was no problem.
