 Note: "My Erotic Fiction", that is, it belongs to me and cannot be reposted without my permission, that it may be illegal or immoral for some people to read, and it is not based on reality as we know it, for example, high school students here are 18 or older..


Feedback and other contact may be made through the link below.

* * *

Tak'Lon's Wager

PART FOUR

"B... b.... bonus round?" Daniel stammered, turning pale.

Trixie reassured him. "I think you'll like this one, Studly." The red hot announcers told the gathered audience that it was now time for Daniel to get his rocks off and for lovely Tiffany and sexy Rosita to finally get fucked well and proper. To make it more interesting, the girl's job was to hold off cumming as long as they could, but they had to stay in contact with Daniel. If they lost contact three times, they were out. Slinky Girl and the Average Avenger kept a close eye on the fighters.

The three met in the middle and joined hands. The bell rang and the round was on! Rosita pulled Tiffany into a big wet kiss and yanked Daniel over to join them as she shoved him to the ground, twisting Tiffany to drop to her knees on top of him. Quickly grabbing his cock and her waist, she got Tiffany impaled, then moved to suck on his balls and Tiffany's sweet pussy. Daniel smiled at the tricky tactic and fondled Tiffany's glorious buxom for a few minutes, letting her ride on him. Her hair was flying, her giant chest bouncing all over, and her creamy haunches slick with sweat within seconds. She kept her wits about her, however, and with a shared look, she and Daniel shifted so Rosita was trapped under Tiffany's pussy. She did not seem to notice what had happened for a moment while Daniel moved and grabbed her tight slacks. With a quick rip, he exposed her glistening twat to the crowd and to his well-lubed cock. She'd been teasing him with those skin tight Capri's and her juicy-looking camel's toe all night and he was looking forward to spending time with this Hispanic hottie. He worked the tip of his throbbing meat into her thick lips and wiggled it in place. Oh, my God- this felt good. A beautiful, willing woman and the sheer knowledge that f he wanted, he could flood her with his sperm and everyone would be happy.

Up near her head, Tiffany had moved Rosita so she was propped up in the blonde's lap. They were working together to remove Rosita's frilly blouse as the Latino woman was babbling in rapid-fire Spanish with that face some women get that looks furious but is a sign of sheer lust. Daniel did not understand a word she said but it was really heating him up to hear it coming out of that gorgeous, scrunched up face.

Daniel buried his face in her soft and dusky tits. Her areoles and nipples were large and a wonderful dark coral color. He buried his face in one, then the other, relishing the effect he was having on her. He barely knew her but she had done so much for him in this contest, tending him so gently and lovingly that he really wanted to do something special for her.

He slid off and kissed her, guiding her to all fours and began to take her doggie-style. He caressed her tight butt and rammed deeper and deeper into her, getting more friction and sensations from the different angles. He had not intended it, but the new position put her face squarely back in Tiffany's cunt, and both women took full advantage of that. Every time Daniel thrust, Tiffany squealed. That gave Daniel another idea. He grabbed Rosita's waist and kept her tight to him so his thrusts mostly drove Rosita's face into Tiffany's twat, without overheating Rosita in the process.

Soon, Tiffany was leaning back with her head thrown back, tossing her long hair and screaming out shockingly sexy things. She kept trying to play with a nipple, but needed both hands to support her position. Daniel moved some more, gently, working it carefully... carefully... a little more... and YES! He blasted into Rosita just as she was starting her own climax, screaming into Tiffany's pussy and triggering her shuddering release.

The crowd was going wild- a simultaneous three-way climax was a nice way to end the show. The applause swept over the sweaty trio and built as Daniel stood and took a bow. He gestured at his co-horts as the applause grew. He pointed to the other contestants so they could get their fair share. He urged his original women to stand and bow and the applause kept right on rolling.

Daniel settled the audience and gave them a big thumbs-up. Everyone cheered as Daniel moved to Tiffany started his encore. The lights dimmed and the strobes, fog machine, and music started up. Tiffany awaited Daniel's approach sitting on her haunches, hands in her lap, eyes down in a classic attitude of servitude.

Daniel reached out a hand and, just at the right beat of the music, swept her up and spun her into him. He nuzzled her neck and the tops of her huge, firm tits, his arms wrapped tightly around her caressing her belly and thighs. When the beat shifted, he guided her backwards with gentle strokes and pushes until her back was against a wall. She lifted one long leg up so the knee slid up Daniel's admittedly rather scrawny chest. He took her ankle and moved it to his shoulder and slid a hand down the length of her shapely leg and down the other as far as he could reach. He slid his hand back up on his body until he found his cock.

Staring deeply into her hooded blue eyes, he moved his manhood to her and held it just at her opening, nudging it against her clit as she gasped and closed her eyes. She tilted hr head back and bared her neck to him, which he licked with long, sensual strokes. She began to flick her hips to the music, and with each flick, her hot cunny enveloped more of his cock. They took their time, hands and tongues exploring each other, seemingly unaware of the actions going on at their hips.

The music was now soft, classical. The lighting was mostly blue and gentle with soft pink lights highlighting the pair. They seemed to be joined at the hip and mouth and were just moving gently, slowly, lovingly. The audience was quiet, respectful, and increasingly horny.

Another melody was added, and a spotlight revealed a gloriously nude Rosita approaching the pair. She knelt and worshipped Tiffany's curved bottom and caressed her long legs. She slid up Daniel's body and reached between them to add additional stimulation. The coupled couple sped up and began to groan as Rosita massaged, then kneaded all four buttocks. She kissed both of their ear's and made it a three-way kiss. They shifted their tight pattern to include their raven-haired sister. Tiffany held Rosita by the waist as the three of them flowed to a new position, emulating the finale of the last contest- Tiffany on her knees, mouth buried in Rosita's snatch as Daniel started to pound away on her full blast.

Daniel shouted "Ten!" His original posse quickly took up the chant and spread out to face the crowd. "Nine!" The sounds of Daniel's balls slapping Tiffany's thighs, and of Tiffany's tongue lapping at Rosita's pussy were loud even over the crowd's din. "Eight!" Everyone roared as one. One of his sisters took off her top and was swinging it. "Seven!" By now all of his original girls were topless, and most of the other women he had screwed so far were joining in the fun- dancing on table tops, pumping up war whoops. All the girls grabbed whatever bottoms they were wearing and as one shouted "Six" and mooned the crowd. Daniel slowed a bit to make sure he did not mess up the timing.

"Five!" The noise was reverberating off the walls now. The cheerleaders all naked except for heels or accessories, using clothing for pom-poms. "Four!" Daniel picked up the pace, hunching and pumping furiously. "Three!" Veins stood out in Daniel's neck and Tiffany was shivering as she sweat freely, fingers furiously frigging Rosita's overheated vagina.

"Two! One!" Daniel exploded into Tiffany and shouted "Yes!"

Tiffany came with a bang and a yell of her own as she gave Rosita's clit a last lick and pinch. "Yes!"

Rosita came just in time to add her own "Yes, yes, YES!" as the crowd burst into another thunderous round of applause.

The other women lead the applause for a long minute, then gently ushered the crowd away and began to move the three to a quieter corner where beverages and robes awaited them.

For a long time, no one spoke. Finally, Flame and Fire stood up. "That was a hell of a show. Thanks!" They gave everyone there a kiss and left. Slinky Girl gave Daniel a fond hug and kiss and offered a ballet-like curtsey to the rest of the women as she departed. Boss Lady gave White Pussy's leash a gentle shake and said it was time for them to leave as well. At Boss Lady's urging, White Pussy kissed and gently caressed everyone before they exited stage left. Average Avenger gave everyone a nice sexy kiss, and was gone before anyone realized it. Queen Kong, looking a lot more human, thanked everyone quite eruditely and slipped away quietly.

Tiffany and Rosita looked at each other. Tiffany said that she was not quite sure what to do here. She felt that her place was with Daniel, and maybe Nora and Christie here at the club. Rosita suggested that she felt she was to go home with them and take care of them at home, more like a mother than a housekeeper. Since the house was really Christie and Nora's, they looked at each other first, then asked Daniel if it was OK with him, which it definitely was.

The first few weeks after the club incident were odd. People at school, at the club, in scattered families across town, and even in a few cities scattered over this great country seemed to be suffering from the oddest memory glitches. Had Leann always been a world-class body-builder? Where did Tiffany used to buy her custom super-sized bras? How come none of Mary's classmates remembered her having such red hair, or having a hot-looking room mate? Why did everyone think it was so normal for Rosita and Tiffany to be living with Nora and Christie- and why did they seem to own the club now?

Daniel was fucking Trixie in her room so he could avoid having the other women in the house come barging in while he was with his girlfriend. He loved the other women, especially Neko and his sisters, but Trixie was special to him. They were laying together in post-coital bliss, cooling off a bit when Daniel felt a hand on his cock.

"Dear, were you done with this?" Betty asked her daughter, ever so politely before bending down to take him in her MILF-like mouth. Daniel sat up shouting "Nooooooo!"

Far above the din of the third planet from the yellow star in a remote wing of the Milky Way galaxy, a small and heavily patched ship orbited. Tak'Lon and Psat'Dooo were lounging in heavy, custom-fitted chairs sipping a warm drink that looked suspiciously like tea from delicate cups.

"That was a fine game, my dear friend." Tak'lon toasted his compatriot with his teacup. "A fine game."

"Umm, true, true. Well-played throughout. It is such a pleasure to work with a craftsman and a gentleman such as yourself. Whatever WAS the final score, anyway?" Tsat'Dooo asked as he blew on his tea.

"Who knows, my dear fellow. The score is unimportant. After all, it is the manly joy of friendly competition that is the main thing." Tak'Lon offered his friend a sweet.

"So it is, so it is. To friendship." The two clinked teacups and relaxed watching the small planet spinning in the viewscreen.