 Note: "My Erotic Fiction", that is, it belongs to me and cannot be reposted without my permission, that it may be illegal or immoral for some people to read, and it is not based on reality as we know it, for example, high school students here are 18 or older..


* * *

Tak'Lon's Wager

PART THREE

Tak'lon had a doozy of a plan.

At first, the group chatted and sipped their delicious beverages, tapping and chair dancing to the loud beats. Daniel thought his drink was especially tasty and had already gone through a couple of the brightly colored concoctions when he decided it was time to dance, dog gone it!

Grabbing Christie, he swung her to the dance floor and they danced for a bit. Daniel held his own thanks to his sister's habit of dancing with him in the living room, often as a form of foreplay. They rubbed up against each other often and soon Daniel's penis was plumped up and showing through his pants. The others at his table were also up and dancing around, bouncing off each other and having a blast.

A couple minutes later, an attractive redhead bumped up against him and felt him against her hip. She cooed and shifted her hip so her tightly Spandex-clad ass rubbed his groin. She shimmied her hips and ground herself against him until Neko cut back in and rescued him. A guy cut through and drew Neko away as a top-heavy dusky-skinned Latino beauty brushed his manhood in passing and decided to linger a bit, caressing him openly as she kissed his ears.

A petite but curvaceous woman covered in a slinky shimmering champagne colored outfit that looked like it might actually have just been body paint slithered up and got between Daniel and the Hispanic hottie. Daniel noticed that many of the women were looking at him (well, mostly at his crotch) and whispering to each other while making hand gestures indicating great size.

Daniel nervously looked for his dates and saw them scattered all around the dance floor, each the center of a small knot of horny guys. If Daniel had been sober enough to think about pheromones, he might have guessed that someone had somehow adjusted the scents of each of them to better attract the opposite sex. In Daniel's slightly drunk mind, since his dates were having fun, so should he. He grabbed Slinky Girl and pulled her tight as she moved her groin in small circles on his. He felt her shudder through a small orgasm and the Hispanic Hottie was back with heat in her eyes as she pulled Daniel into some exotic Tango-like close dance and dry-humped him on the dance floor.

Red was back, and had brought a friend in a very short red dress with a frilly skirty thing. The Red Team doubled up on him and kissed each side of his face, two hands sliding along him, two knees rubbing his thighs and hips. Just when they were getting him close to blowing, a giantess took him away from them. OhmiGOD this woman was big! And strong! She lifted him to her rock-hard chest and he felt woozy as she buried her nose in his neck and breathed deeply, her muscular nipples almost hurting him as they hardened against his chest.

A sexy kiss from a platinum-haired woman wearing not much more than a spiked collar distracted the giantess long enough for Daniel to squirm away and end up face to face with a woman wearing black straps and holding the end of the leash attached to the blonde's collar. Boss Lady demanded a kiss, then melted against him and begged him for more, promising to obey him forever if he would just let her kiss him.

His cock raging, he was interrupted again. A woman in cute bunny ears snarled at her and chased her away. An amazingly average looking brunette with an average body dressed in an average way buried her face in his chest and was smelling away when all semblance of order vanished and women were groping him in waves, moaning and drooling and pressing and begging.

Daniel was almost weeping with frustration- with all of the activity, no one was actually helping him get off. All they wanted to do was to touch, taste, and smell him. Whenever he would try to rub himself, someone would snag his arm and turn him towards them for a big kiss. When he would try to rub his well-primed cock against some of the abundantly available womenflesh, they would twist out of the way to rub against him in a different way.

The pounding music and flashing lights worked with the booze he had drank to combine with his throbbing hard on. He needed release. Now. Oh my God how he needed it. He looked again for his cohorts and it looked like they were having a fun time- he deserved some fun as well!

Daniel slipped the gun out of his sock and shot randomly once, twice, thrice- until the gun stopped flashing and just made stupid little toy ray gun noises. The crowd was oohing and ahhing over what had happened. Daniel was staring at the now inert gun, suddenly sobered up by the foolishness of what he had done. Tak'Lon cackled most hideously at the turn of events as Psat'Dooo ignited with anger. Damn socks! Double damn socks!

It was like a scene from an action movie. The crowd went silent and parted as a spotlight shown on his first victim- the cute blonde in the bunny ears. She was now dressed in a hot pink bunny outfit. She was a sexy bunny, as seen by a slightly drunk teenager- tall, slender of neck and waist but wide of chest and hips. Her hair was waist-long and pale blonde while her features were almost cartoonishly classical Northern European- creamy skin, high cheekbones, tiny nose, etc. Her magnificent chest was gorgeously presented on the platter her bodice made. Supernaturally deep cleavage, soft-looking skin, and the hints of cute pink areoles at each tip. Extra-long stocking clad legs and high heels were noticed almost as an afterthought. Ohmygawd, she could make Jessica Rabbit jealous! She flicked her hair back and giggled musically. She announced herself as 'Tiffany, 40G, 20, 34. My turn-ons are dancing, sex, and young men with ray guns' in a sensual voice.

A disturbance off to the side as another spotlight lit up and the crowd parted again to reveal the Red Team. The two women were now dressed all in red, and both had brilliantly red hair as well. The shorter one was still in her small red dress now struggling to hold enhanced curves. Her newly red hair was styled short and sassy. She was hanging on the side of the original redhead, now a taller woman in skin-tight shiny red leather-like material that buttoned up a long seam and matching high heeled boots. Cut outs in the material revealed the tops of her overly healthy jugs and her tight belly with a ruby shining in it. Her long red hair swirled about her as she gave it a flick and announced that they were Flame and Fire. You could see their skin shimmer like a heat mirage while small tongues of flame seemed to dance through their hair.

When the crowd stopped murmuring, they parted again and it was the Hispanic Hottie, improved from her original appearance- skin-tighter white Capri pants molded to even more incredible legs and a tighter bubblier butt, a frilly loose blouse tied to reveal a slenderer tummy and more filled to capacity with newly enhanced yummier melons. Her thicker blacker hair fell in more riotous waves over her bare shoulders and her now model-like features were all laser focused on Daniel as she announced her name as Rosita in a voice that sent tingles down everyone's spines.

The four changed women approached Daniel, who suddenly felt a need for a drink and a Taser. He grabbed something that had ice in it from a nearby table and guzzled the unfamiliar liquid to help clear his head. It did not help. He threw the empty gun at them and turned to run only to find he was in a corner. Trapped! Trapped like a rat! He whimpered as he turned to meet his fate. A week ago he was a virginal nobody. How he longed for that.

"Girls," He started, "Settle down. I'm sure we can work something out." The smaller Fire was already close enough that he could feel her body heat on him- rather than burning, it flowed through him, putting every nerve on alert. As she reached out a hand to touch him, his nose started to quiver as her pheromones began to tickle his reptilian brain. "Oh, yeah, I can work this out" he said with a newly charged confidence.

He grabbed Fire by her tiny waist, feeling her feverish body through the thin fabric. He flipped her tiny ruffled skirt up and yanked her red thong down. Holding her in position with one arm, he pulled her against him with her tits and rammed his thick meat deep into her puffy little pussy. His cock was instantly immersed in her volcanic cunt and the heat pouring off them melted the candles on the nearby table. "I'm. Going. To. Fuck. Your. Fire. Out." He bragged with each thrust. Fire's hair was going wild, flames flickering, sparks flying as she yelped in a high-pitched and incredibly cute voice.

Just before he came and sealed her fate, Flame intervened. "You magnificent bully. Fuck on someone your own size" She popped open her catsuit with a machine gun sound effect and shoved one of her big tits in his mouth. Without pausing in his efforts to fuck Fire unconscious, he suckled on Flames thick nipple, surprised to feel milk flow- hot milk, of course, but creamy nourishment nonetheless. His body craved the fats and sugars in her milk so he suckled her big teat almost dry before moving her other jug. Flame was thrashing her head around in the pleasure of being milked by her lover, ripples of glowing heat dancing in her long hair.

Refreshed, Daniel redoubled his efforts to destroy Fire as she screamed out in a piteous wail. "Please please please pleasepleaseplease..." No one knew what she wanted, but Daniel did not waver in his determination. Fire's orgasm swept over her like a flood. She sizzled and hissed as her fires were temporarily extinguished and her brilliant red colors faded like dying coals.

His attention freed up and his stomach full of Flame's high-octane milk, Daniel turned to the tall redhead and peeled her catsuit off her torso and arms in one sweeping move. He bent her over the table and dished out the same treatment he had given her partner. As he pumped her fiercely, he noticed Rosita standing beside him, her tight Capris revealing a prominent and moist camel-toe. Daniel rubbed her pants right through the thin stretched fabric. Rosita sang out her appreciation as she caressed his back.

Tiffany was holding and reassuring Flame and cooing in her ear. The visual contrast between the hot leather of Flame and the cool satin of Tiffany egged Daniel on to greater heights. Flame looked over at her partner laying there with a totally blissed out look on her face and relaxed to the inevitable. She shuddered and screamed as she jerked back and forth on his cock like a jackhammer, then fell beside her sister with a gentle hiss. The two women lay side by side on their backs, knees up and legs apart, streams of their own juices drooling from their still sizzling pussys. It only took a couple minutes before volunteers from the crowd moved in to clean them up.

Rosita pulled a small stool out from a hidden corner and sat Daniel down in it and began to fan him with a handy towel, offering him sips of a cold liquid, generally giving his overheated but unsatisfied cock and balls a chance to cool off. Tiffany was walking around holding a big sign up that read 'Round Two' in big letters. She would stop, pose, and smile about every eighteen feet, then turn in a right angle until she was back at the beginning. The audience had gathered up available chairs and were sitting around the area that Tiffany had walked and Daniel fleetingly noticed that his sisters, Trixie, and Neko were sitting at a table on one side.

Tak'Lon paused in his celebration Fff'tashhCLICK to look at the latest developments. 'What the D

Nora was talking in a nearby microphone. "Yes, folks, this is looking like the ultimate Battle of the Sexes. In this corner, we have Donkey Dong Danny fresh from his victory over the Red Team (Flame and Fire gave a weak wave from the sidelines). In the other corner, we have six hot, sexy ladies who all think they can make him cum before they do." The big screen monitors on the walls showed some gorgeous ladies smiling and jostling about just off-stage.

Christie took over. "Now, for those of you who missed it, when Daniel shot that last blast of his magic ray gun, it banked off the lovely Rosita and hit the disco ball overhead, sprinkling its power over several of the people gathered here tonight. While it did hit and enhance a couple guys, Daniel's faithful support team took care of them handily... and I do mean 'handily', right girls?" Trixie and Neko waved and smiled. Two guys sitting by the wall gave weak waves as well.

Ding Ding! Christie announced "And here is the start to Round Two. Donkey Dong's challenger will be the sexy Slinky Girl! Her enhanced abilities are touch and oral." Rosita took Daniel's stool away as the crowd parted to allow the woman in the shimmering champagne-colored body paint to enter the ring. She was still short, but her chest was bigger (as if that was a surprise) and her lips were now twin sex pillows that promised pleasure. The two circled the ring. Daniel figured if he could avoid her touch and lips, he'd be OK so he went in for a quick take down, tackling her at the knees. He used his body weight to keep her on her side and pulled her top leg up to her face to reveal her sweet nether lips. She was very tight, and a little dry so Daniel had to spit on his hand to prime the pump, so to speak.

With the lube, his head slipped right in. He worked it back and forth a bit to loosen things up and get some juices flowing. He used one hand to work her nipples as he slapped her tight bottom a few times. She mewled a little and lubricated up nicely. Daniel slipped in fully and thrust inside her at an unfamiliar angle. Luckily for him, he was thrusting against her G-spot and within a few strokes she was already gasping for breath. She was trying to wiggle harder and harder on him as he overstimulated her. She squirted out a blast of liquids with a groan and relaxed. Tiffany, who had been circling the mat, slapped the floor three times and called Daniel the winner!

Rosita got him his stool and gently cleaned his cock with a warm cloth as Tiffany proudly paraded a sign reading 'Round Three'. The commentators commented on his rapid victory and commented on some of the brief highlights on the big screens. The bells dinged and the crowd settled for Round Three.

"Daniel will now face White Pussy, a little minx that uses her submissiveness to dominate her opponents." A busty but slinky woman with beautiful patches of thin white fur slank her way into the ring, long white hair flowing down her body. Her big blue eyes were set off by the sparkly blue jewels in her collar. She stepped to the middle of the ring and lay on her back, legs spread wide. Her pink pussy with it's white fur was glistening in the overhead lights.

In a purring voice, she begged "Please, Master, fuck your little pet. Oh, ppppppplease fuck you hot little pussy." She stroked her body and squirmed as if in discomfort from not being fucked. Daniel's cock went rigid at the thought of dominating the writhing girl. He was stepping towards her as he realized the trap. Smiling, he lay down beside her, cock pointing up tall and proud.

"If you want it so bad, climb on." He invited. She hesitated, so he jacked himself enough to generate some pre-cum and offered it to her nose. "Come on, we both know you want it. Go ahead. Climb on. I order you!" His voice got firm at the last command.

With a dazed expression, the White Pussy rolled over and wriggled her namesake over his famed Donkey Dong. She got his head inside her and sat up, leaning back a little against it as she worked it in deeper and deeper. "Mistress, help me!" She called! "Mistress! Oh, mistress help me! Oh mistress, mistress, mastress, masters, master, master, Master, Master, MASTER! Oh Master, fuck me!" She was pumping up and down on him so hard it is a wonder her tits did not fly off. "P, p, permission. To, to, toooo. C, c, c, cum, m, mm mmmMaster?" She begged. When Daniel nodded his head, the White Pussy closed her eyes, shuddered violently, purred loudly, and took a cat nap.

Daniel got up and walked confidently over to his corner, sitting down and flirting with the girls in the nearby crowd as Rosita gave him a good neck rub and his 'pussy posse' discussed the round with the audience. Daniel was pleased by the big screen images of the expressions on the Boss Lady's face while White Pussy came.

Tiffany's display and the bells signaled Round Four and Nora introduced Daniel's next opponent. "Boss Lady not only has the power to get what she asks for, she also wants revenge for what Donkey Dong did to her little pussy." The crowd snickered at the pun.

The statuesque woman with the raven hair and complicated strap outfit strode into the ring, enhanced chest bouncing menacingly as she approached Daniel fearlessly. "You are going to fuck my sexy, tight, delicious ass until you come deep inside me. You had the chance to take me before and you passed, now it is my turn to take you." Daniel was still on his stool as she said this, poking an elegant finger in his chest.

Thinking with his big head for a minute, he graciously gestured to his lap and invited her to sit. She smirked at him and suggested she lubricate him a little and began to lick at his cock. The crowd murmured and Tiffany moved in to stop the illegal move, but Daniel waved her off. He pulled her head off and told her that was enough. Her eyes cleared up a bit and she stammered "Of course, now fuck me you fool!"

She stood and turned and sat in his lap, embedding the head of his cock in her tight anal ring. Daniel helpfully held his cock in place as Boss Lady squirmed to work him inside her. His head popped into place and she smeared her juices on their junction as he worked another inch in, then another and things were moving more easily. She lubed up the remainder of his shaft and sat hard, screaming as he filled her. Doubt crossed her face as she squirmed in his lap and felt fuller than she had ever felt before.

Daniel reached around her and began to tickle her. He lightly caressed her chest and teased her nipples. He nibbled her ears and blew in them lightly. He teased and caressed her tummy and massaged her butt and thighs. He worked some fingers into some gaps in the straps and played with her clit and pussy lips. He kept his hands roaming over her and whispered in her ear. "You don't always have to be so strong, Boss Lady. Relax and let me make you feel good. Feel me inside you, feel my cock and fingers and voice inside you, all making you feel soooo gooood." She relaxed back against him with a sigh.

He began to tighten his abdominal muscles and pulse his cock in her some, then gently bounce his thighs to get some movement going. He stepped up his attack on her cunt, nipples, and ears as she started to gasp for breath. "No! No! NO NO NO! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! Oh my god... yes. Yessss. Ysss...." She slipped off him bonelessly. The clean-up crew moved her to the recovery area and Rosita carefully cleaned his penis, trying to not overstimulate him.

The replay of this was a crowd favorite and the longer replay bought Daniel some time to slip off to the bathroom quickly. Rosita and Tiffany escorted him to help ensure no hanky panky and a few minutes later Round Five was ready to start, with Tiffany announcing it with a definite wiggle as she posed in each corner. The increasing audience of guys whistled appreciatively.
