 Well, to tell you this story I need to back up a little bit and tell you about how we met. Janice and I met in a straightforward way, she just liked my tie, or so she says. We were in an elevator, and she just looked over at me and said "Hey, I like your tie," and it was all over from there. My first impression of her was that she was probably the sexiest woman I had ever met in person, but soon enough I found her to also be intelligent, deeply interesting, funny, and adventurous. I hate to sound cliche, but she was the whole package. We had a couple dates and everything was as good as it could be, love at first sight with a healthy scoop of puppy love, a dollop of admiration, and a bucket full of romantic interest.

When she asked me to take her to an art show we were still in the discovery stage of our relationship. We were still new enough that hadn't quite invited each other over to stay the night, but, well... there were long afternoons spent... learning each other. All of this is why anyone, especially me, would not have expected what I found when I came over to pick her up.

When I got to her place I found a note on the front door.

"Hey babe, to the right of the door there is a lock box with my extra key attached to the wall, the code is your birthday. If the door is locked when you get here, I'm probably just... occupied. If I'm busy, just make yourself at home until I'm ready. Maybe watch some boob tube."

As I finished reading the note, I smirked at her little misuse of words, she should have been preoccupied. How naive I was.

I knocked and rang the bell, but there was no answer, so I used my birthday to get the key and opened the front door. I yelled out to let her know I was there. I was still impressed with this place; she said that she had come into possession of the property thanks to a little inheritance invested well as a kid. The front entrance was vast and airy yet pleasant and warm. Most surfaces were fine marble or handcrafted wood.

Still unsure of myself in her place, I decided to go straight to watching TV while I waited for her to be ready. When I turned on the TV, I was a little surprised that I could not change the channel. The TV only displayed "please, wait... loading" on a blue screen. 'Cable must be loading up' I thought. I set down the remote and was about to enjoy some random game on my cell phone when the TV screen went black for a second then I saw Janice on the TV. The Janice on the TV addressed me and began talking. 'How cute she recorded me something.', I thought.

"...I need you to listen carefully to this message all the way through. I feel that we need to move on to the next level of our relationship, and you seem to me to feel the same way. We have talked about fetishes, and we have talked about what turns us on, so I decided to finally test you and see if you are someone that can handle a woman like me. We have had some really fantastic times, and I trust you, so I am giving myself over to you completely. The art show we are going to is a special one, invitation only. Every guest must bring a piece of art with them to be enjoyed by everyone, tastefully. Watch this video, and you will see soon enough what I mean. Further instructions are at the end of this video. Oh, and by the way, this next part is especially just for you."

As she finished speaking she reached behind the video camera and pushed something, I now know that she had started a macro to be her assistant while she got ready for our date. The first thing the macro did was inject some background music into the video that it was creating for me. I could tell from the sun coming through the window in the room that she was using to record that this video was not live, this video had been recorded when it was more light out. Sexy club beat was coming from the speakers of the high-end audio equipment attached to the TV I was watching.

She stepped back from the camera seductively and pouted a sexy 'I'm lonely, come here and touch me' look. She started dancing to the music. Watching her could see what she was wearing—although it covered her well, it was sexy in its own right. As she danced, she started seductively taking off her top, then her bra, then everything else followed piece by slow sensual piece. I was shocked to see that she had her nipples pierced and she now had a shiny silver pair of rings in them, well I was more surprised that I had never noticed the piercing holes before when I had played with her breast. I was also shocked at how well she danced. I started to wonder if maybe she had not made all her money in investments, maybe she had had a stint as a stripper, but I thought better of it right away. I realized that she had probably just taken a stripper pole exercise class to help her maintain her bangin' body.

As she finished taking off all of her clothes she laid down on the bed on her back with her sex facing the camera. She fingered herself for a short time, looking directly at the camera with an unforgettable expression that could only have meant 'you are turning me on beyond my ability to stop myself.' The look on her face was that of pure greedy sexual need. Every bone in my body wanted to jump up off the couch and go help her with her need, but the logic side of my mind stopped me. This scene had already happened. I also noticed that something glimmered between her legs as she played with herself, and I wondered if she had her clit or hood pierced. I thought, for a sparkling second, that I saw a loop of shiny metal and wondered if her nipple and clit piercing matched. She was just too far from the camera now to really tell.

The video continued with her walking back up to the camera, bending down at the waist at a 90-degree angle and blowing a terribly sexy kiss at the camera while pinching one of her nipples and continuing to play with her sex from underneath with the other hand. In the video that was playing on the TV her face filled most of the top 2/3 of the screen, but below her chin, fading back into the distance behind her face I could clearly see her wonderful breasts hanging, and between them I could see her flat toned stomach, and past that her thigh gap hinted at what lay hidden. I could clearly see her nipple ring piercings now and wished that I could spin her around to see if she really did have a matching clit ring piercing.

My body was responding to all of these sights and sounds in a way I had never felt before. Sure I had been horny, sure I had watched porn, sure I had been teased by a woman, but I had never been so close and yet so far from anything this hot that I had seen on a TV screen. She was in the same house as me, I could act on my desires right now. Yet, she was unavailable, at least until I watched the entire video as instructed. Never in my life had I wanted someone as badly as I wanted her right now. Never in my life had my heart pounded like a drum in my chest. My body felt so hot I didn't think I could stand wearing clothing for much longer.

Janice stepped away from the camera and walked almost off screen to a bag on the floor. She pulled out some stuff that looked like a bundle of clothing and then moved around the room collecting the attire she had just stripped off and placing them in the bag.

"Be right back, handsome" Janice said as she walked up and pressed pause or stop on the camera, 1/10 of a second later she was on screen in a slightly different position pressing record again with her hair up in a very tight bun. The sunlight in the room had also jumped by a few degrees. "Ok, now that I'm all freshened up and relieved, I can begin the real festivities. Enjoy the show, and be sure to follow ALL of the instructions at the end of the video, I'm trusting you."

Janice walked over to the pile of clothing she had placed on the floor from the bag and sat on the edge of the bed. She threw one leg up on the bed in a very seductive inviting way and began pulling on a pair of white thigh-high stockings. All of her body movements were sexual, nothing was "business as usual," everything was a done as a private show just for me. She put on the other stocking the same way, then a garter belt, a pair of white strappy high heeled shoes, and a white hard boned corset. If I didn't know better, I would have thought she was a Victoria secret model! Janice got off the bed and walked halfway to the camera. She caressed her body with her hands and sported her sexy clothes for me to see. She spun around, turned sideways and bent forward at the waist as far as her tight corset would allow. She stepped the leg closest to the camera out slightly then ran her hands up and down that leg.

"Now, I need a little help with the next part, so I invited my friend who prefers to remain anonymous to give me a hand, and maybe if I'm lucky, a finger or two. I even asked her to wear something extra sexy just for your enjoyment, and so she won't clash with my partial nakedness. I'd like to introduce you to, well we'll call her Tammy."

Janice stepped off-screen and led 'Tammy' into view by her hand. 'Tammy' had on a sexy white teddy with built in garter belt, white thigh-high stockings, and high heel strappy shoes that perfectly matched Janice's outfit. Other than 'Tammy' wearing a teddy and Janice wearing a corset, they looked almost identical, they had much the same body type and size. Also, 'Tammy's' clothing covered her body enough that I could not see any of her personal parts, whereas with Janice I could see her perfectly shaved sex and her erect pierced nipples. There was one last difference; 'Tammy' had on a tight white leather hood that completely covered her head and hair—only her eyes showed—and there was no way to tell who she was from her obfuscated eyes. Anonymous indeed. The two model quality women stood side by side, presenting their bodies to the camera, legs slightly spread, arms at their sides. Their matching stances exuded submission.

After standing "at attention" for a moment they got started, Janice didn't move at first letting 'Tammy' do most of the work. 'Tammy' helped Janice's tighten her corset. This was a sexy process on its own, watching these two beauties pull and tug against each other. Next Janice walked off screen again leaving 'Tammy' standing at attention for my viewing pleasure. Distracted I had not noticed Janice pull a clear tarp into the room. "Well, it's time for my pre-coat."

Janice sat on the bed, legs spread wide. First 'Tammy' used some kind of blow pen to spray something pink like cool-aide on Janice's sex. Then she repeated the process on Janice's nipples. Then 'Tammy' applied an oval piece of masking tape over Janice's sex and matching circles of tape over Janice's nipples. When this was done Janice stood up in the middle of the tarp at attention, except this time she held her hands out to the sides some. 'Tammy' went off screen and grabbed a 1-gallon paint bucket. I could read from the label that it was liquid latex.

'Tammy' didn't waste any time painting Janice's skin from the "V" line of her neck down covering every inch of her in white latex. As Janice stood there drying I could see that 'Tammy' had been careless and gotten latex all over the sides of the corset, and the edges of the stockings and high heels.

With the new happenings on the screen, I had almost forgotten about my aching hard-on. But watching 'Tammy' put on two more coats was getting a little boring so softly stroked myself through my pants.

While the 3rd coat was drying 'Tammy' walked off camera again and brought back something palmed in her hand. Janice opened her mouth unprompted and allowed 'Tammy' to affix something to her face. As 'Tammy' stepped out of the way I could now see my sexy girlfriend, mouth held open, ring gagged. It was kind of a sexy sight, Janice was now white from the top of her shoulders to her feet, the outlines of her clothing still evident and a white ring gag in her mouth.

The next item 'Tammy' got off-screen was something that looked like some kind of white tube; I could not tell what it was at all until it went onto Janice's neck. This white boned posture collar forced Janice to look up at the ceiling with her head tilted all the way back. 'Tammy' attached a rope that I had not noticed before, hanging from above, to a ring at the front/top of her posture collar. Janice was now securely fastened in a standing position, which is probably good because the next piece of gear going on my girlfriend was a skin colored latex blindfold. It was padded on the inside, but on the outside, it was such soft latex that it formed to her face and made her look like it was a second skin. If it weren't for the posture collar tied to the ceiling pulling her up Janice might have fallen over from disorientation. Next came 4 ear plugs, two went into Janice's ears, and two went into her nostrils until they were flush with her skin.

'Tammy' went to work painting Janice again, this time she painted every inch of Janice from top to bottom, even over the shoes, stockings, garter, corset, posture collar, and blindfold. The only thing left unpainted was Janice's hair and a one-inch strip of skin around it.

Two more coats of white liquid latex and it seemed that the next phase was coming up. The video was paused for an unknown time, the pause only lasted a 10th of a second for me, but looking at the light coming through the windows, it must have been about half an hour for them. After pressing record again 'Tammy' playfully stuck a finger in Janice's mouth and Janice hungrily wrapped her tongue around the invading finger. 'Tammy' walked off camera, this time leaving for about a minute. It was very sexual the way Janice stood there, looking almost straight up blindfolded tied to the ceiling, covered from head to toe in sexy clothing and bondage gear all encased under thickly applied layers of painted on soft latex.

'Tammy' returned to the room, pushing a cart in front of her. This was a stainless steel cart that I would have expected to see in a cafeteria and not something I would expect to see in a bedroom. She wheeled the cart up against the bed and set the locks on all of the cart's wheels. Next, she untied the rope from Janice's posture collar and led her carefully to the edge of the bed. Next to the bed, Janice had one of those carpeted steps for her small dog to climb up on to the bed, Janice used this to climb up on the bed carefully. Janice carefully crawled on hands and knees, directed by 'Tammy' across the bed then onto the top of the cart. Janice moved forward on the cart just enough so that her high heels were resting on the edge closest to the bed. This placed Janice's knees about center on the cart. Janice sat back on her ankles and leaned forward into a Bālāsana pose, also known in yoga as the Child's Pose. Her breasts were pressed into her knees and her back was arched. Her posture collar did not allow her to bring her head to the cart though. When she was standing the collar had forced her to look at the ceiling, now on the cart, the posture collar was forcing her to look forward.

The entire time that Janice was getting into position 'Tammy' spotted her for safety and helped Janice get into position. 'Tammy' checked that the latex was not stretching to badly on Janice's butt, back, around the bent joints, etc. Once they were happy with her position 'Tammy' encouraged Janice to spread her knees out and let her stomach and breasts fall between her knees. This lowered her chest to the cart slightly and allowed her ass to slip down lower between her ankles. This new position looked more comfortable, less of a stretch, but it also looked that much sexier and inviting. I could see that, as a horny man, this modified Bālāsana pose exposed her sex. Plus, with the posture collar and the ring gag, Janice's mouth was held open and inviting.

'Tammy' got a piece of white rope and tied it to a metal ring on Janice's back at the bottom of the corset. She then ran the rope over Janice's right shoulder, down under her neck, through the metal ring on the front of the posture collar, back over her left shoulder then brought it back to the ring on Janice's corset. Before tying it off, she pulled it a bit tight lifting up Janice's collar slightly. It seemed to take some strain off of her and make it more comfortable with less weight on her neck and back. As she tied the knot onto the corset, she added a pair of handcuffs, securely attached on that metal ring at the center of her lower back. Then 'Tammy' helped Janice bring her arms up and lock them into the handcuffs, this looked uncomfortable since the cuffs were attached so high towards her shoulders. Janice seemed to not mind though. I knew that she was very flexible, but this would have just about killed me.

Next came more latex paint, this time 'Tammy' was filling the cracks, she added latex in every crease and crack she could find effectively gluing Janice's body parts to whatever body parts they were touching. She painted latex in the crack between Janice's thighs and chest, thighs and calves, arms and ribs, arms and back. I realized that once this dried Janice would be stuck in this position until someone helped her out of it unless this latex was a lot weaker than it looked in the video.

'Tammy' went off screen again and got a bottle of spray foam moose and a towel. The towel was draped over Janice's back as 'Tammy' began massaging and fluffing the moose into her hair. She was using a huge amount of moose, way more than one would expect, enough to solidify Janice's hair when it dried. As the moose started to harden 'Tammy' began molding Janice's hair into somewhat of a sweeping shape that went back along but above Janice's back then curling up into a spiral between her shoulder blades. After the moose had fully dried (which took another camera pause), 'Tammy' reapplied moose to coat the artwork that was Janice's hair and let that dry.

'Tammy' worked on new coats of paint, this time covering the hair art and Janice's entire face. 'Tammy' painted under the hair sealing it to Janice's back, making it one with her body, this conveniently hid the rope that was holding up Janice's neck. Then 'Tammy' went about adding some finishing touches, a little bit of latex here and there and touching up around the mouth, making the ring gag become one more seamless part of Janice's pure white surface. Janice was becoming unintelligible from a woman and more recognizable as a solid statue of a woman carved from one piece of pure white marble or something.

While this new latex dried 'Tammy' grabbed a pair of bandage scissors from the bedside table and reached between Janice's legs and snipped and cut some latex back there. Then she moved to the front and did the same between Janice's knees. I could not see what was happening since Janice's ass was facing mostly away from me. As 'Tammy' worked, she threw three small pieces of white latex on the floor. 'Tammy' then very carefully touched up the areas she had just cut with some fresh latex paint and closed the latex paint can for the first time.

'Tammy' came over to press pause again, letting Janice dry. After pressing record 'Tammy' got out some kind of polishing rag and some latex polish and began rubbing Janice all over. This made her shiny and brought out the subtle shapes of the latex. Even though the layers of latex were very thick, I could clearly see the boning on the corset and collar through the latex. I could also see every sexy curve and muscle tone. The sight was fantastic. Even more fantastic though was when 'Tammy' walked behind

Janice and stuck three fingers into her pussy then pulled them out. I could see, even from this distance, that her fingers were absolutely dripping wet. 'Tammy' walked around the front and shoved her fingers, one at a time, into Janice's mouth to be cleaned. This was more than I could handle, I thought I was going to pass out right here on the couch.
