 Author's Notes:

This story is erotic fantasy, set in a world of magic. I retain the right to be listed as the author of this story, posted at Literotica wherever it appears. Excerpts may be posted elsewhere with links to the story on Lit, but to repost the entire story, I require that you obtain permission from me first.

Set a little over a year before my story "Blackhawk Hall", this tale follows Arilee and relates the events that eventually led her to Fightershaven and her destiny.

I occasionally make use of "modern" weights and measures in my writing, and I hope this doesn't jar those fantasy readers who prefer archaic measures such as "cubits" and "leagues".

I know everyone has been waiting for more Arilee, and I hope you like this little look into her past before I launch the sequel to Blackhawk.

~~~[---@---]~~~

Lil stayed for quite a bit longer than just the couple of hours she originally planned, the three friends having entirely too much fun catching up and reminiscing about old times. When Lillian wearily wandered home, it was all Ari and Amos could do to crawl into bed.

When the sun rose in the morning, Amos got up from the bed and hung a sheet over the window, blocking out the light, and immediately crawled back into bed. Arilee laughed quietly, but leaned up against her man and drifted back off to sleep too. With his help, she would able to finish her work quickly, and thus could afford the luxury of a few extra hours of rest.

An hour or so later, Ari awakened yet again. She was simply too used to rising early to sleep very long into the morning. As the last vestiges of sleep evaporated in her mind, she realized that something was pressing against her arm where it was draped across Amos' body beneath the sheet. A shiver ran through her from the feeling of his hard cock against her skin.

The steadily building passion they had shared the previous day before being interrupted by Mazzar and Lillian immediately flared back to life. Arilee sucked in deep breaths, heat and wetness gathering between her legs as she let her fingers run over his erection. Looking up at her love, she found him still sound asleep.

The sheet was just lying atop both of them, so Ari tugged it slowly down off both of their bodies. Neither had felt like putting on nightclothes the night before, so they were both nude beneath the coverings. Ari licked her lips and shuddered when the sheet slipped down to reveal Amos' manhood.

Leaning over him, she swirled her tongue in her mouth, her saliva building quickly in anticipation of wrapping her lips around him. With a quiet moan, Arilee gave his cock a broad-tongued swipe from root to tip, and then curled her tongue around the purple tip before returning to the base to lap upward again.

Amos groaned in sleepy confusion, but the tone of the groan changed to something much different when he realized Arilee was bathing his cock with her tongue. "Good morning, Angel," he moaned.

Ari looked up at him and smiled, and then engulfed him without a word. Amos let out a long groan and lay a hand on the back of her head, which was now bobbing slowly up and down his shaft. He let her golden curls flow through his fingers as her mouth tantalized him.

Ari moaned when the explosion of taste from a drop of pre-cum flooded her mouth. She moved back to the tip of his cock and sucked hard, earning another drop for her efforts. She was burning with need now, and she wasn't going to satisfy that need with him in her mouth.

Releasing him and looking back up into his eyes with a hungry, lusty expression, Arilee climbed over his body and leaned down to kiss him. As soon as they broke from the kiss, Ari moved her hips back slightly and reached down between her legs to grasp his cock behind her. Holding him gently by the tip, she eased her hips backward until he touched her folds, and then sank down onto the full length of his manhood.

Ari's back arched as he slid into her depths, which thrust her breasts out toward him. He reached up and rubbed his thumbs over her nipples, saying, "I love it when you're the one to ask for it, or take what you need."

She blushed, but her slight embarrassment only lasted a moment before a jolt of pleasure caused by a throb of his cock inside her, banished the thought. She knew he liked her initiating their lovemaking, but she was simply too shy to do so most of the time. This morning, her passion had simply overwhelmed her. He had that effect on her, and he loved the results of it. They were truly made for each other.

Arilee closed her eyes as she rocked her hips slowly, stroking him inside her tight embrace. Little moans of pleasure burst from her every time he pressed into her depths, and a sharp gasp likewise escaped her when she felt his hands grasp her bottom.

Amos kneaded his lover's buttocks, watching both the pleasure in her eyes and the hypnotic sight of her breasts swaying in front of him. Propping himself up on one elbow, he suckled one of her nipples into his mouth and massaged it with his lips for a few moments.

She rewarded him with a loud moan, and a slight increase in the pace of her hip movements. Her eyes popped open, her ecstasy evident to Amos in those pale blue orbs and the long, fluttering lashes that framed them. Moving her knees slightly, she found a better position and started to thrust her hips back at him harder and faster.

Ari could feel the steadily building warmth in her loins starting to rush throughout her body now. The quiet slapping sounds of her bottom coming to rest on his legs with every movement of her hips, beat out an ever-louder tempo as her passions mounted. Suddenly, she felt her muscles clench and her eyes opened wide. She was held in stasis, hovering on the edge of an explosion, for what seemed like hours, and then the floodgates within her opened.

A long warbling cry of pleasure bubbled from Arilee's lips as her walls clenched tight around him, and she fell into a world where nothing except the sweet release of her orgasm existed. As the first wave subsided, she rocked her hips once, setting off another explosive release of energy and a blissful cry of surprised delight.

Amos stroked her back as she slowly settled down from her heights, his cock still rock hard in her satin-soft embrace. He had a strong need to relieve himself, and it was deadening the sensation of her wrapped around him just enough to stave off his own climax.

As her breathing returned to normal, Ari kissed her man and whispered, "That was wonderful. You didn't... you know..."

Amos shook his head, "No, I know we aren't ready for that. I'm going to have to go let off some pressure before I'm going to come up, my bladder feels like it's about to burst."

Ari pouted a little, and then shuddered from an aftershock before saying, "Oh, I don't want you to leave me."

Amos grinned and responded, "I think I'll be fine, especially if I get to see you trembling and hear you crying out in pleasure again."

She gasped as those words sent a fresh jolt of pleasure shooting through her body, fanning her internal flames again. Amos wrapped his arms around her, pulling her tight against him, and then rolled until they were both on their sides. With their bodies pressed tight together like two halves of a mold, Amos pulled back and thrust into her depths once more.

Ari wrapped her arms tight around him, pressure within her building in a rush toward another explosion. She whimpered and gasped even as he groaned, and Ari knew that he was drawing close to his point of no return as well. She squeezed even tighter when she toppled over the edge into her perfect place of ecstasy once more.

Her walls squeezing him so tight was too much, and Amos had to jerk free of her depths before he accidentally released his seed inside her. He let out a growling scream as he pulled from her, echoed by her loud, surprised yelp from the sensation of his filling girth leaving her.

In a series of gasps, Amos said, "Okay, maybe I was wrong. That was too close."

Still panting from her orgasm, Ari slid down on the bed while pushing on Amos' hip to guide him to his back. As soon as she could reach him, she wrapped her lips around his throbbing manhood and took him in deep.

The taste and scent of her juices coating him filled her senses, as it always did when she brought him to his peak this way after he made love to her. The bittersweet taste of her own juices set off another shockwave of pleasure through her, causing her to moan around him as she felt him pulse, and heard him groan.

The spurts of his seed burst into her mouth, nearly choking her as her mouth filled with hot cream. She swallowed and continued to stroke her lips over the swollen head of his cock, eager for every drop he had to offer her. She loved that she was able to arouse him so much, to cause him to erupt like a geyser. She shuddered imagining what it would be like to feel that explosion in her depths someday, when they were ready for children.

Ari released him when his climax subsided, crawling back up to wearily fall into his arms again. They lay together for long minutes before reluctantly rising from the bed to start their day, one of the few they had left together before Amos had to go back to sea.

~~~[---@---]~~~

With little mending this day, the couple finished Arilee's work in the early afternoon, and decided to take a meal at the inn as a way to celebrate. Walking home hand in hand after eating, they saw Lillian talking to someone they both recognized.

Amos smiled at Ari and picked up his pace, guiding his Angel toward Lillian and the huge man with whom she was speaking. "Hey Tobair, you big lug!"

The big man's smile was infectious as he turned to see the couple approaching, "Me glad see you Amos and pretty Ari!" He then ran over to Amos and picked him straight up off the ground in a bear hug.

"Careful Tobair, I'm going to need those ribs later," Amos chuckled, clenching his teeth.

Tobair sat him down, "Sorry, me forget sometimes. Look, Lil here!"

"She came to see us last night," Ari told him as she hugged the big man. "Where have you been Toby? I haven't seen you for weeks."

"Brother take me to big sea for fish. Me catch fish as big as you!"

Arilee laughed and said, "Aren't you exaggerating a bit, dear?"

Tobair shook his head no, and Amos turned to Ari at the same time and explained, "I don't doubt it. There are fish out there in the sea that get bigger than that. Tobe is a good fisherman, and he sure is strong enough to fight one of those big fish up onto a boat. Did you go out on a boat, Tobe?"

"Yes, me go on boat. Fish from sand too, but like boat better. Fish had long sharp nose, never seen fish like that before. Taste real good! Caught fish with sharp teeth too."

Amos opened his eyes wide, "A shark? How big?"

"Not as big as sharp nose fish, but almost. Sharp tooth fish try to bite me, but I mash in head and it stop trying to bite. It taste good too!"

Amos clapped their muscular friend on the shoulder and said, "One of these days, I'll have a ship of my own, and I'll let you come fishing any time you want, Tobe."

A call came from down the street, "Tobair, time to eat, Son!"

Tobair looked a little disappointed that he had to leave his friends, but at the same time anxious to get to his meal. "Time to go eat. Me happy see you!"

Lillian hugged the big man and told him, "Don't hog all of Christine's time, I want to see her again for a while before I leave."

Tobair's face flooded with color as a self-conscious smile spread across his face, "Okay, Lil." He then waved and hurried to where his mother waited on the porch of their home.

Amos asked, "Christine?"

A knowing grin spread across Lillian's face when she responded, "She's apparently grown up a lot while I've been gone. She finally realized that all those boys she has always stepped out with were just going to hurt her. The last one tried to hit her, and Tobair saw it. He picked the guy up and hurled him face first into a pigpen. She said that the bastard stuck straight up like an arrow for a while before he fell over and pulled his head out of the muck. She swooned and they've been seeing each other ever since. She gave me all the naughty details."

Arilee covered her mouth and laughed, "I didn't even know. I spend all my time cooped up in the house with other people's laundry."

Lillian stretched her hands apart nearly a foot and twitched her eyebrows, prompting Arilee to cover her burning face and chuckle before slapping her friend playfully and saying, "Stop that!"

Lillian laughed and slapped back at Arilee. "You're going to be in trouble when you talk to Christine then. She can't stop talking about him — or that. I need to get back to Mom's. I promised I'd take the kids down to the lake for a swim. It was the only way I could steal them away from their grandparents for a few hours. Do you want to come?"

Amos glanced at Ari, and she considered it for a moment before saying, "There will just be so many people there, I feel like everyone's eyes are on me."

"Well, we'll be there if you change your mind. I'm sure Amos would be more than happy to smack people's eyes back where they belong. I think you just want to be alone," Lillian responded and winked at her friend.

Amos laughed and told Lillian, "I'll try to talk her into it, she could use some time outside of the house."

"Good luck!" Lillian laughed and then waved before turning to leave and gather up her children.

Arilee asked, "Do you think I should?"

"It wouldn't hurt you, but truthfully I want you all to myself. I just knew that if I didn't act like I was going to try and persuade you, Lillian would have just kept trying."

"Let's go home then, you can tell me more about those big fish. You've never really talked about them."

Amos smiled, "There are even bigger things out there too. Whales aren't really fish, but some of them are bigger than most boats."

Grinning, Ari asked, "What about ships?"

Amos kissed her and said, "Depends on what you call a ship, I guess." He then winked and laughed before taking her hand and starting back toward the house.

~~~[---@---]~~~

Mazzar lurked behind a bush, watching the couple return to Ari's home. After a few questions, now he knew who the man that stood in his way was. He also knew that this Amos would be leaving before long, because he was just on shore leave from the Navy.

In a few days, the man would be out of the way, and then it would be time to reveal to the curvy little blonde that there were more taxes due, which he had forgotten about the first time. His cock throbbed as he watched the sway of her hips, and he muttered, "I'll get to see that ass bare soon enough."

Stepping out from behind the bush, he walked toward a house he knew almost as well as his own. She was saggy and unattractive, but she would spread her legs for a few coppers, and she would do it now.

~~~[---@---]~~~

Conversation was rapidly giving way to passion as Ari and Amos kissed. Their needs after being apart so long were just too strong to ignore. Arilee let out an exasperated growl when a knock sounded on the door.

"I'm starting to think we should cover that door up with blankets so we can't hear anybody knocking on it," Amos sighed.

"We have all night," Ari said with a smile as she rose to go answer the door. She giggled quietly when she turned around to see Amos watching her bottom sway as she walked.

Reaching the door, Arilee opened it and then asked the unfamiliar man outside, "Can I help you?"

"I'm lookin' for Amos. Folk told me I could likely find him here," the man answered.

Arilee heard Amos get up from where he was sitting and say, "Zed, is that you?"

"Aye, Amos, I've got news for ye."

Amos stepped into the doorway and Zed looked over at Arilee for a moment. He then shook his head and chuckled, "I thought you was drawing more out of love than what was real, but I see I was wrong."

Arilee blushed, and Amos laughed. "I told you she was more beautiful than I could possibly draw. So what's this news?"

"Old Jacoby got abducted by his grandbabies. They was waiting for him when we made port, and he sent a letter sayin' that he was retirin' straight away. The Captain wants you back quick, so's we can get you promoted proper and get back to sea. Them cutthroats from Draxnog raided a village up North, raping every woman they came across an' burning the whole place down." He turned to Arilee then when he realized what he was talking about, "Beggin' your pardon miss."

Arilee nodded her head to acknowledge his apology, but couldn't find any words.

"Give me a few minutes, Zed?"

"I'll be over at that inn when you're ready. It's been a long ride an' I'm for a drink 'fore I get back on one of those damnable horses again. My backside is remindin' me why I took to the sea."

Amos closed the door and Ari looked up at him with tears in her eyes, "You have to leave — now?"

He sighed and nodded his head, "They wouldn't have sent someone after me if it wasn't important. There's more than just a raid and Jacoby retiring, but we're not supposed to talk about some things except with our mates. I have to go, Angel."

"It's not fair," Ari pouted.

"Think of it this way, Angel," he kissed her then before continuing, "I'm going back to be promoted. I'll have the money for us to get married soon."

Ari's heart soared, and a smile spread across her face despite her tears, "That's the first time you've ever actually said that word — married."

"I just didn't want to make you think about it all the time. Now that I'm going to get my promotion, we can be married soon, maybe even the next time I get back to port. I do want you to be my wife, Angel, and I'll ask you right, with a ring and everything, when I get back next time."

Ari jumped into his arms, hugging him and sobbing, "I've waited for you to say that for so long. I know that was always what you meant, but it's nice to hear the words."

"And we'll get a place by the sea too, so I won't be so far away when I get leave."

Standing up on her tiptoes, Arilee kissed him, lingering on that kiss to tide her over until the next time they could see each other. She stepped back then and wiped her eyes on her sleeve. "Get ready Amos, otherwise I'm never going to let you leave."

"And I don't think I'll be able to leave if I don't do it now while I'm still a little shocked." Amos nodded then, and went to pack up his kit in preparation to leave.

~~~[---@---]~~~

The goodbye was tearful, and Ari only stopped kissing Amos when she noticed the weathered sea dog Zed glancing away with a flush in his cheeks. That sight awakened Ari to just how shameless her behavior was and allowed her to at last step back, and let Amos go.

The house felt empty, and she went through an ever-changing range of emotions for the rest of the day, from smiling thinking about his coming proposal, to sobbing because he was gone. She collapsed physically and emotionally exhausted that night quite early.

She awoke the next morning with a great sigh, staring longingly at the empty half of the bed next to her. At least I got plenty of rest, she thought as she rose and went to brush out her hair. There was plenty of work to do today, and that would help take her mind off things — somewhat.

Ari didn't even have a chance to get started before she heard a knock on her door. She went to answer it, wondering who would be calling so early in the morning. When she opened the door, Lillian gathering her up in her arms startled her.

"I heard, you poor dear. Come on, let's get to your work and then give this house a good cleaning. That always helps me when James goes away on a trip. Did you get the word out of him? He's getting his promotion, so there's nothing holding him back now."
