 I did not know where he was taking me or what he was going to do with me when we got there. All I knew was that I was gagged, bound and in the back of a recklessly speeding carriage with no hope for escape. 

Perfect, I thought wearily, father would love this new calamity. He always said my disobedient and unladylike ways of handling myself would be my undoing. He was right. I just had to disobey and go racing Remus, my newly acquired stallion, threw the woods un-chaperoned and against my father's direct orders. 

My arm was going numb from lying on my side and my head throbbed where he hit me. I still couldn't believe I hadn't seen it coming. Out of nowhere I was hit in the head and I woke up later in my current state. The man was in the carriage with me; he wore a black mask to conceal his identity. I must know him; why else would he hide his face? I noted the way he tapped his foot and it struck me as familiar. Who was he; I wracked my brain trying to figure it out. Before I could dwell on it much longer the carriage stopped. The man leapt out and gracefully lifted me out. He slung me over his shoulder and despite my frantic struggle, managed to take me inside a musty old barn with ease. He tossed me down into some moldy hay and left, bolting the door behind him. I finally managed to get the handkerchief out of my mouth. My abductor rudely shoved it in my mouth upon the return of consciousness. I guess from his point of view I had it coming considering my ear splitting screams. 

"What did you do to get yourself in here?" 

I squinted and peered into the hazy darkness. I saw three faces staring at me, all were young faey women like me. I am sure I gasped when I saw them; they were a poor sight, dirty and malnourished. They would die soon if they did not receive help.

"I did nothing, what about yourselves?" 

The healthiest of the three, the one likely to be the questioner, shook her head. "This one," she indicated the girl with pale blonde locks, who was slumped over miserably, "she didn't do anything either." 

I nodded. "What about you two?" The other girl, small with scraggly chocolate brown hair ducked her head in shame.

"We were traveling companions and had never met before our journey. Along our journey we were stopped by highway robbers and all of our belongings were taken. The driver of the carriage was murdered and we were left stranded. The only other passenger had been a young gentleman... well, he wasn't so gentlemanly. He fled without even a farewell. We finally came upon a small village but no one would help us. We got hungry and we stole some food from a vendor. We were handed over to the authorities. The captain turned us over to a man in return for money."

"Was it the man that just left?"

She shook her head. "No, that man I have never seen. The man that holds us is much larger... he shows his face, it is disturbing."

"Why, what is disturbing, is he a sort of half-breed?"

"No, he is fae like us but he is scarred. His face looks like it was gnawed by a wild animal."

I shuddered, what was going to happen to me now. "Was I sold like you?"

She nodded, "Most likely."

I just nodded back at her. This was just great. We were going to be auctioned off. I had heard stories of young ladies picked up on the streets and sold off to disgusting men. I wish I were more powerful than my captors. Unfortunately my greatest skill was that of illusions. Those would hardly do me good bound the way I was. 

"Do you know what is going to happen to us?" She nodded slightly but didn't speak. She knew but the two younger girls were still too naïve. Good, let them be innocent from the horrors we would inevitably face for as long as possible. 

The leader of the three, her raven hair spilling from her topknot, rose to her feet and came over to me. She rolled me so that she could reach the knot that secured my wrists behind my back. When she got them free I sat up and began undoing my legs. 

"Thank you." She simply nodded. "What is your name?"

"Mellimeldisiel, we call her Melli, lays there." The shrunken blonde, who was probably a great beauty, looked up at me and forced a smile. "She doesn't talk much, don't be offended. The other is little Vanya and I am Daerwen. What is your name?"

"Aeval." 

"I thought you were familiar."

"You know me."

"Everyone knows you, Princess."

I couldn't stop the blush that spread across my face. I hated who my father was. I didn't think I would ever get used to the fact that everyone knew me in these parts. I soon found out I wouldn't have to worry about that anymore. No one would know of me where we were to be taken. Later that day the man Daerwen told me was our new "owner" came back. Daerwen had been right, his face was a gruesome sight. It must have been a wound caused by a dark fae to have not healed properly. We were loaded up in a hay cart and hauled down the bumpy road. We traveled for days and rarely stopped. The style in which we traveled only worsened the other girl's health and I began to feel ill as well. We hardly ate and rarely got water. 

We finally came to a large populated area that grew thicker in the core of a large city. There was a large market going on. I heard our kidnapper mutter the words "perfect timing" as we came to a halt in front of the auction square. Like cattle we were unloaded and shoved into a large holding area. There were dozens of ladies and a few young boys. I involuntarily shuddered and felt I might be sick but there was nothing in my stomach to purge.

I watched in horror as my companions were auctioned off one by one. I wanted to sink to the ground in defeat but I couldn't move where I stood. I was by the gate of our crudely made cage and looked out at the passersby. A rather large man, who was mounted on a dapple gray stallion and standing next to a lavish coach, looked down at me with an odd expression. I wanted to hang my head in shame and look away but by my inherent pride wouldn't let me. I stared back defiantly, even looked down my nose at him. This action rewarded me with an amused smile from the stranger. 

I was shaken from this moment by rough hands that pulled me back and up steps. I found myself on a shabby stage staring out at a sea of unfriendly faces. The auctioneer's words were a blur and my hearing didn't re-focus until a man's voice boomed over the crowd. 

"Where is the owner of that maiden?"

I watched in awe as the man who caught me in a stare earlier came forward to the front of the crowd. 

"Ahh, I did not think you agreed with our proceedings here, Lord Durian." The auctioneer's comment was ignored as Lord Durian mounted the steps and met with the one who claimed to own me. I could not hear their conversation but in a short moment I was taken off the stage and placed in the plush carriage I saw Lord Durian standing beside. Lord Durian soon joined me and the carriage was set in motion. 

"What just happened?"

"What do you think just happened?"

"You purchased me as your slave?" My eyes involuntarily narrowed when he nodded to confirm my query.

"You are a Lord and must have vast holdings and enough money to staff an entire dwelling with enough servants to see to your every whim. What do you need with a slave?" I know not what made me ask the question. What does any man want with a young girl whom he owns? I suppose I wanted confirmation on what to expect.

"I usually stay clear of the auction block all together but I saw you enter town in the back of that cart and something made me follow. I purchased you on a whim and have no idea what to do with you."

Such honesty startled me. I hadn't expected him to say anything of the sort and so I was speechless. 

"What is your name?"

"Aeval, and how shall I address you?"

"Durian is fine."

Durian nodded, he seemed conflicted. His gaze settled to the scenery and he didn't speak again and I was too unsettled to ask more questions despite my anxious curiosity. 

The rest of the day was very uneventful, that is until later that night. I was shown to a room that was to be mine. It wasn't the room of one whom would be a guest but it wasn't that of a servant either. It was spacious, well furnished and pleasantly decorated. I was happily surprised by the unexpected generosity. Food was promptly brought up and a bath followed. 

The food was fabulous and must have contained herbs to help regain my strength for I instantly felt more myself. I finally sank into the ornate tub and simply melted. My muscles were sore and even my bones felt bruised. I fell asleep and was awakened by hot water being poured into my tub. I sighed in pleasure before I opened by eyes. 

The maid I expected to see was instead Lord Durian. I squeaked in surprise and lost balance, slipping under the surface of the water. I flailed slightly to right myself but was hoisted out of the tub before I could manage. I screamed and protested after I coughed up the water I choked on.

The indecency! My entire body must have gone pink with embarrassment. How could he be so forward? "Put me down this instant!" It was all the words I could get out. I wanted to scream at him, call him names, even hit him but I was too flustered. He did put me down, but only after throwing a blanket over me and carrying me into another room. This one was large and masculine. It was his room, I could tell at once. He tossed me on his vast bed.

Lord Durian was looking at me with a fiery expression and when he stepped up to the bed where I sat I panicked. I gathered up the blanket around me and sprang from the bed. I don't know what made me think I could outrun such a man. My attempts were futile. He didn't even have to move from the spot in which he stood. He simply reached out and snagged one of my wrists and whirled me around. I slammed into his hard chest and was trapped by his strong embrace. 

"I suppose this means you have decided what to do with me?"

"Are you afraid?"

I wanted to tell him yes and start crying to see if it would help him in deciding not to go through with this. Unfortunately for some reason I wasn't afraid of him and I was a terrible actress. So, I told the truth. "You make me nervous but I am not afraid. I do not think you will cause me any pain. I do fear, however, that you will force me to do things I may not wish to do."

He nodded. "Yes, I might do that." His expression of hard composure faltered and I saw shame in his eyes. "I fear I am not as strong as I thought. My desires seem to rule my actions when you are near." 

With that said he dropped his head and captured my lips to his. I struggled against him and finally broke the contact. I wanted to slap him but my arms were still trapped in his strong embrace. Again his lips met mine and again I struggled against him. However, this time my body, like Lord Durian's, overruled my mind and I gave into the pleasure of his kiss. For it was pleasurable, so had the first one been. His lips were firm but soft and the contact sent shivers to my spine. He must have felt my shift for his hold loosened and I was able to bring my hands up to rest on his chest. He deepened the kiss and I couldn't stop the moan deep in my throat. He chuckled and dropped a hand to my bottom pressing me harder against him. The same moment he ground his hips into me he also slipped his tongue into my mouth. He tasted spicy and a little like the wine he must have imbibed earlier. 

I wasn't sure what I was doing giving in to this man but did it really matter? It wasn't as though I had a choice. Although I was a novice at lovemaking I wasn't shy. I mimicked him and caressed his tongue with mine. Soon I wasn't even thinking, just acting on what felt good. He nibbled on my bottom lip before he pulled away. Then the blanket that was uselessly hanging from my naked body was taken from me and forgotten on the floor. I wasn't embarrassed this time as I should be. Instead all I could think about was what he might look like without his clothes on. 

I didn't have to wait long, the clothes appeared to melt from his body and when they pooled on the floor turned to shimmery smoke. I smiled at the creative effect but when my eyes met his naked form my mouth hung open. He was beautiful. Long muscular limbs were not the usual snowy shade of the royals but tanned from being outside without garment. My eyes followed the rippling muscles of his stomach down to his manhood and I froze. 

I wasn't so naïve that I had no idea what went on between a man and a woman. I had always been around horses and had seen them mate numerous times. I understood the fundamentals of the mating act. However, I just couldn't see how his member would fit inside of me without it being very painful. I understood the difference between a flaccid penis and an erect one, his wasn't even erect. I tried to imagine how big it would get but I wasn't the least experienced with this sort of thing. 

Lord Durian pulled me into his arms again and laid me down on the bed. When he tried to separate my legs I clamped them together. 

He smiled down at me. "You were so eager a moment ago, do not tell me you are shy again?"

"You will hurt me for certain."

"Aye, I am large but I am also gentle. I promise you I can make it pleasurable and painless. Trust me, you will enjoy the experience."

I said nothing because he began to kiss me again. He lay down beside me and held me while our lips played. The sneaky wretch caught me off guard and slipped a hand between my thighs and pushed my legs apart. Before I could figure out what happened he rolled me on my back and was between my legs. His lips were sucking lightly at my neck and he worked his way down to my breasts. When he took my nipple into his mouth I thought I died. The pleasure shot through me and I arched off the bed, pressing my breast more fully to him. My nipples hardened and he teased the tender buds with his teeth and tongue, flicking and nibbling.

When his fingers suddenly found my womanhood I gasped. He rubbed the tender nubbin and my hips involuntarily bucked. He slid down my body and had I realized what he was going to do I might have tried to stop him. Nothing could have shocked me more than when he flicked his tongue out to taste me. Soon he was sucking and using his tongue in ways I never imagined. I squeaked when he inserted two of his fingers into me but soon got over the awkwardness because it felt so good. 

He rose up and came to settle his hips between my thighs again. I admit that this felt good; he fit perfectly between my legs. The feel of his skin rubbing against mine shot pleasure waves through my entire body. 

He began rubbing something up and down my womanhood and I raised up to look down. His member had swelled to gigantic proportions. I still couldn't believe how long and thick it looked. I had nothing to judge it from and so he could be normal, but he even admitted he was large. Would he tear me? I should have been afraid but I was more fascinated at the idea of him being inside of me. Such a strange thing, this act of sex, and yet my body craved what he gave me. 

He was still caressing me but suddenly grew very still. I felt a pressure and locked eyes with him. This was it; he was going to enter me.

"Hold still, I will try not to go to fast."

I nodded my head and then the pressure got stronger. I felt him then, he broke through and held himself very still. There was nagging pressure and a suddenly burning feeling but nothing unbearable. Soon the discomfort ebbed. I felt a strong urge to push my hips up to his and so I did. In one swift move he was completely inside of me. My eyes widened and I gasped from the feeling. I dropped my head back and just waited. 

"Are you alright?" He held my head up and forced me to look at him. 

Yes, beyond alright, just a little at a loss for what to do next. I was getting restless and so I only nodded. Without thinking I ground my hips to his and was rewarded with a guttural growl from him. 

He groaned and then chuckled. "Yes, I see, you are more than alright." 

That was the end of him being gentle. He gripped my hips and started to rock his hips back and forth. He slammed into me over and over and the sensations of pleasure kept mounting. I was bucking my hips in rhythm to his, my arms wrapped around his back now. He rested his head in the crook of my neck and just pounded into me with uncontrolled enthusiasm. He reached down and cupped my bottom, pressing and grinding himself harder and further into me. I screamed out but it wasn't a scream of pain. Never had I felt such heightened bliss. I wrapped my legs around his waist and held on to him for dear life. My nails dug into his back and I threw my head back as a sudden wave of euphoria pooled in my loins and then exploded. I screamed and convulsed just when Durian slammed into me hard one last time, leaving a liquid warmth inside me. Durian fell asleep on top of me, our limbs still entwined and his warm breath caressing my neck. 

It was strange, I didn't have my freedom and at the moment I could care less. All I could think about was that this had been the greatest experience in my life thus far and I couldn't wait for Durian to wake up so that we could do it again... and again... and again...