 #1: The Duel

The sun was hanging bright over the city Redstork. It was noon and the heat made most living creatures stay indoors. In fact the great plaza in front of the Magical Consortium of Redstork was deserted. Only a cat lay beside the great fountain devoted to the Love Goddess Venisra. And all over the city not a living thing was to be seen. But in a narrow street in the wharf district two people were staring with mortal contempt at each other. 

One of them was the Half-orc warrior Brokktooth, also known a the Butcher of Ain-Haag. He swept the sweat from his face while untying the waraxe on his back. He was a bright skinned hairy man, with on broken fang protruding form his grinning mouth. He was clad a chain mail shirt with a breast plate of leather and metal leggings covering his muscle toned chest and thighs. He had no helm but wore a red scarf around his head. His left eyed squinted as he viewed the opposition. And he gave a slight roar under his breath as he swung the large heavy axe through the air and got ready...

The other fighter in this lonely contest was Irenia Lytol a raven haired, dark tanned woman with a deadly reputation. She stood in a statuesque stance with a bright shining rapier lowered in front of her. She had no armor only a tight fitting pair of red-leather trousers and high black boots with a sliver circle around the knee. She also had a vest of red-suede that was tightly laced up over her stomach and pushing up her full breasts. Under it she had a white blouse that was open on the top to show just enough cleavage to distract most male opponents. Suddenly she saw the gleam in his eyes as he rushed towards her with a lifted axe...

The duel was fast moving with the strong- orc warrior attacking with a violent fury and the raven haired woman dodging and parrying his blows with ease. But suddenly Broktooth changed his tactic and took the defensive against the woman. With a furious thrust Irenia opened a series of attacks forcing her opponent towards the wall. Then suddenly the orc dodged and swung his axe at her. Only her nimbleness and sheer speed saved her life. Now there was a fire in her eyes as she feinted an injury from the axe blow. When the orc raised his axe for the final kill she thrust her rapier precisely into his shoulder. The orc gave a shout as she dodged with good margin his terrible axe blow and gave him another cut straight across his face. Hurt and with fright in is eyes the orc went into a frenzy cutting and slashing as the woman dodged his blows neatly. Then as he hesitated for one hundred of a second between two furious blows, she struck her blade deep into his chest penetrating both ribcage and heart. The mighty orc warrior gulped blood. Then fell on his back, with a dull noise and was dead. The enemy was killed and Irenia was left standing as she had so many times before. She sheathed her rapier and walked with long strides towards the nearby inn called the "Silver Mug".

#2 The Inn

The "Silver Mug" was a small inn with a dark reputation for housing the worst scum of all Redstork. It was owned by a short fat man called Brigon the One Eyed, a man hated by most of Redstork because of his seedy inn. He was the only one that worked permanently at the inn but every once and a while he was able to trick some young girl to work as a waitress for him. Birgon was good with tricks and he quite often had a girl or two working for him. But they often left as soon as it became obvious that he wanted them to perform other services than merely waiting tables. If the young girl was, or became, unwilling he would get rid of them fast, in any way he could. Irenia despised the man and only lived at his inn for sentimental reasons.

This day as she walked through the dark and smelly taproom she saw only three other guests. Two people sitting in dark robes in a dark corner whispering softly to each other. Irenia hardly gave them a glance, they were probably wizards or rouges discussing dark matters and then she saw no reason to intrude on their business as they did not intrude on hers. And if they were something else she would not even want to know it. The last guest was a neatly dressed dwarf lying in a pool of his own puke on a table in the middle of the room. The stench from him was horrible and the table was filled with empty tankards and small goblets. Irenia looked over him to see if he had any valuables on him, but it seemed someone had beaten her to it. Then Brigon got up behind counter and smiled a toothless smile at her...

She walked over to the bar feeling how the hot day had made her sweaty and feeling how the dust was crawling under her clothes. 

"What are you grinning at, one eye?" the words lashed at Brigon. His lips straightened up and he looked at her with wide eyes. 

"Did we kill someone this afternoon ,luv?" he look dead serious for a while then he gave her another grin. 

"Well, I don't think that half-orc weasel will be able to settle his account" she knew she got him. Brigon just squinted his eyes and spat across the counter just missing Irenia, the half-orc must have been a good customer. 

"Damn you murdering bitch!" he barked at her, "I should make you settle what he owed me". His face was getting red and the black holes between his teeth seemed bigger. 

"I'm not paying for his whores, one eye" Irenia was dead calm as she spoke the words but the look on her face gave Brigon a shiver down his neck. 

"But your costing me more than..." he started, "and now I want a bath!" she interrupted him. Brigon looked dumbstruck then he gave her a hard look again. 

" Can you get that little slut you call a waitress to carry some water to my room?" the question sounded more like an order. Brigon just turned around and headed for the door. 

"And would like a Brigth Ale and a stiff one too, one eye?, her voice suddenly became conspicuously more friendly. Brigon turned aroud and tapped the ale and got the drink ready. He put the drinks in front of her with a bang. Then he disappeared into the kitchen. Irena sat down at table as she heard Brigon yelling at someone in the back. She then took a sip of the ale and lay back putting her boots on the table.

The ale was good and Irenia actually smiled to herself while looking philosophically at the roof. She could hear someone working the fires in the kitchen and started to think about the hot bath. But one thing suddenly drew her attention away from the though of a hot bath. She saw that one of the dark robed figures got up from the table and walked towards the exit. As the figure walked she could see the pointy ear and lithe figure of the person. "A blasted elf!!" she thought and could not help herself from staring at the man, she could now see that it was a male elf, as he walked through the door. As the first one left she looked at the other and, although she couldn't see any ears, she saw the light figure and white complexion of the skin both tell tale marks. She also saw, by the figure, that the one left behind was a woman. Suddenly the elf turned and looked at her with a sharp stare. Irenia looked away fast, cursing under her breath. Then Brigon got out from the kitchen looking at Irenia with irony in his eyes. 

"Your bath water is being brought to your room, honey" his grin gave Irenia another reason to hate the man.

#3 A Bath

Irenia came up to the room before the serving girl with the water. The room was dark and the only feature was the large bed, filled with fresh hay, that occupied the center of the room. The bathtub was standing in a corner by itself and Irenia quickly placed it in the middle of the floor. Then she started to look out the only window in her room. From this place she could see the main street and the yard in front of the "Silver Mug". Another building crept closely up to the inn at this angel so only a few meters from the window was another roof. The black tiles and the pools of water both reflected the moon in their own unique manner. Irenia stared out for a long time until there suddenly was a sound by the door. She spun around with her hand on the sword. The door slid up it was the servant girl.

The little blonde haired girl came in carrying a big kettle of steaming hot water. She went over to the bathtub and poured some of it. Irenia watched her closely as she worked. She had dark brown dress with shoulder straps and yellow embroidering on the hem. It was laced up in front but the lacing was loose as her breasts weren't as full as on a grown woman. Under the dress she had a white blouse. After she had poured half of the hot water she sat the kettle down. Irenia gave her an awkward look but the girl just headed for the door. Irenia was just about to speak as she turned and said "I'll be up with some cold water, you can get ready". Then she turned and ran down the stairs. Irenia smiled there was something not right with her head today. Cursing her own stupidity under her breath she took of her sword belt and placed it on the bed. Then she sat down and pulled one dagger out of each boot before pulling them off. Suddenly she remembered the elf, the male one. Something with the way he walked made her curious. Slowly she un laced her west while wondering if she could have seen him before. "No, I haven't" was her final conclusion. But why were those elves here? It bothered her and she knew the man to ask, but he never came around anymore...

When the serving girl slowly opened the door and snuck inn Irenia was still sitting on the bed, barefooted and with no west on. The girl looked at her with big eyes but started to pour some cold water from a wooden bucket. Irenia suddenly realized what was wrong and started to unbutton her blouse. When she only had one button left she walked over to the window and closed the curtains. Then she took off the blouse revealing her full breasts and strong upper body. She stood there for a while watching the serving girl as she sat down the bucket of cold water and started to pull up her sleeves as she turned towards Irenia. The girl smiled and said with a little laugheter in her voice "Are you going to bathe with your pants on?" Quickly Ireina opened the belt on her pants and pulled them off. Her long dark tanned legs were curvy, with strong thighs, and she had a little black bush of hair to top them off. Her body was truly gracious and fine tuned like a cat. Slowly she sat down in the tub feeling the warm water around her body. The tub was to short for her to stretch her legs but she sat down and bended forward resting her breast on her knees as the serving girl, sitting on a stool behind her, took a sponge and dipped it in water and started to wash her back. The girl took her time with Irenias back before asking her to lay back and get her hair wet. Irenia had to lift her feet out of the pool to get it done and she found a good position lying with her feet and legs over the top of the tub. Slowly the serving girl poured some honey like soap into Irenias hair and started to wash it rubbing the soap against Irenias scalp. The foam from the soap soon spread out across the water and Irenia became almost mesmerized with the touch of the serving girl. In fact she hardly realized that the touch was moving down from her hair to her shoulders. Suddenly the serving girls right hand slid down and touched her right breast lightly. Then she touched it again now feeling it and the left hand started to fondle her left breast. At first the lovely sensation just made Irenia relax and as it spread through her body she became incredibly hot. She could now feel the young girls breath on her neck and cheeks. Suddenly she opened her eyes as if she realized what she was doing. 

The serving girl gasped and got up "I'm sorry, so sorry" her eyes were filled with terror "I've never seen breasts that beaut..." she turned and ran out the door. Irenia just sat calmly in the water.

#4 A Visitor

Irenia laid dead silent for a short while thinking of what to do. She could feel the water getting colder so she reached out and took the kettle and poured some more hot water. Then she laid back again trying to hear noises from other parts of the inn. All she could hear was a low drinking song from below. There were going to be a party at the "Silver Mug" tonight she thought when all of a sudden she felt a tingling sensation between her legs. She didn't know whether it was the touch of the serving girl on her breasts or the elven warrior in her mind that made her horny but she suddenly felt wet and warm. Slowly she placed a hand over the little black bush and kept touching her breast with the other. She laid quietly for a while just touching her hot cunt. Then she started to spread the lips gently and gently rub her pussy. A tingling sensation spread across her body as she rubbed faster and faster concentrating on the upper part of her pussy. The warmness spread through her body and she had to make quiet moan as the pleasure became suddenly more intense. The water around her made ripples as she sank her body lower into the water spreading her legs more. She let out another moan as she gently eased one finger into her tight cunt. She had closed her eyes was now seeing the beautiful elven warrior standing in front of her staring at her with piercing green eyes, his skin as fair as a pure snow. The wetness inside her flowed over and she put another finger inside her pussy giving another moan and feeling the pleasure building up. She increased the speed of her rubbing hand now gently touching her clit with every stroke. The heat was intense and her body was building up a great earthquake. Then a noise came from behind her...

She opened her eyes and saw a great shadow covering the light from the window. She spun around an her left hand reached for her sword on the bed. Realizing it was out of her reach she looked at the intruder. A man stood on the floor behind her, he was big and strong with a muscular chest and strong muscular arms. His eyes and were black as the dark night and his face had several scars including a crescent moon shaped tattoo under his left eye.

"Ningel you bastard, what are you doing..." she yelled at him, rage was filling her head with clouds. He drew a slight smile and showed her that both his palms were open and that he carried no weapons.

"I'm just enjoying the show you put on for everyone traveling by rooftop this evening" he had a ton of sarcasm in his voice and his grin revealed everything. That was it Irenia she jumped out of the tub, all naked and slashed out like little scared girl at the strong man. She banged her fists on his chest once before he grabbed them and with a powerful threw her onto the bed. She landed on her stomach and he laid down on top of her locking her hands behind her back. She could feel his hot breath against her neck and through his wet clothes she felt his erection against the cheek of her ass.

"Damn you, Irenia, I thought you were a professional" his word were quiet, but she could feel his rage in them. "You told me to meet you here, two moons ago, we have a job" his words were still angry and he tightened his grip around her hands with one hand and with the other he grabbed her hair and pulled it back. She didn't say a word. She felt his cock getting harder as was now right over her ass.

"So are you going to behave or do I have to hurt you and do the job myself?" his voice was calmer but he pulled hard on her hair just to make his statement.

"Ok, ok damned bastard" Irenia spit the words out. She had played the game before and she knew that if she didn't ease up now Ningel would kill her. It annoyed her that she had been so stupid to try and jump him.

"Good" he sounded very friendly again and let go of her. She got up and sat on the bed as he eyed her again. She still saw the raging erection in his pants and noticed that he was almost as wet from sweating as he was from the rain outside.

"How long did you watch?" it was a straight question, although Irenia started to wonder why she wanted to know.

"From right after the girl left" he replied shortly.

Irenia got up and started to dry herself with the towel. He sat down on the bed looking at her with a slight grin on his face. She noticed the erection hadn't ceased at all. She turned around and picked up her pants and sat down on a stool to pull them on.

"You been here long" he asked trying not to seem distracted

Irenia smiled at him and pulled her pants on. Then she got up and looked down on her breasts. She noticed that he was sitting on her blouse. With both hands she started to cup them and fondle them while walking closer to him. His eyes became fixated on them as she look down at his crotch. The hard cock almost ripped his white loose pants open. She pointed at his crotch while pouting her mouth

"Do you want me to leave while you exercise Mr.hardon down there?" she made the biggest deer-eyes she could. Suddenly he moved a hand down too cover it. His face got a little red and he looked down.

"You don't want to rip your pants in this city, I hear their..."she started.

"Shut up, tramp" he interrupted and got up from the bed turning against the wall. She quickly grabbed her blouse and started to put it on covering those full breasts.

"And get dressed we don't have all night" he spun around as he said it just to see that she already had put her blouse on. He gave a quiet sigh.

#5 The Job

Ningel was a fearsome man. He was trained in deadly martial arts and he was fast and cunning, agile and strong as a bull. He had no hair on the top of his head and his face had many scars. His body was muscular and his barreled hairy chest made him look very dangerous. The man actually exuded muscle strength and agility. He had been trained rigorously by some of the best fighters the world has ever seen in a mountain monastery far to the north. He fought unarmed but his fists and feet were the equivalent of swords and axes. Those that had tried to fight him in earnest could tell. Irenia had a love hate relationship with her partner in crime, sometimes she hated his smugness and self-confidence at other times she loved him for the same reasons. Anyway they had shared many adventures together and had very few secrets, almost like normal friends.

Ningel told Irenia about the job in very matter of fact terms. The old council as he called them, a clandestine group of powerful mages, had ordered the death of a elven prince. They did not know his name only his travel route and if the information was right he would be in Redstork right now. Ningel also explained that two other elfs were traveling with the prince. One of them a female known as "Green moon" in the human tongue, the other was a male warrior called "Seasword" in the human tongue. Irenia told him about the elves she had seen in the taproom and Ningel found it very interesting. The only thing they had to find out was if the male were in fact the prince or the warrior "Seasword".

For a while Ireina sat down on the bed in deep thought. Was the elf she had dreamt about a prince or just a noble warrior. She could not tell. Ningel who now sat crouched by the side of the door looked up at her.

"Any great ideas?" he muttered as they both heard music and singing and dancing from the Inn below. Irenia couldn't think about anything than the piercing gaze of elven eyes while she played with herself not long ago. A sudden feeling of horniness overtook her.

"Not really, but I'd bet the woman is still sitting downstairs" her voice was quiet but she sent Ningel a saucy look before getting up and walking towards the door.

"And?" his question came slowly as though he was expecting some trick.

"Can you recognize this "Green moon" woman" she replied quickly as she took her west on. He got up standing next to her.

"There is only one mark she is know by" he said.
