 Zachery lied in the hammock, rubbing his eyes to calm the headache down. This was a lot for the man to take in. 

Great! Just great, Zachery! You spent three years trying to avoid both the Earth Empire and the Holy Alfar Kingdom, and now you're in enemy territory! How could you make such an idiotic mistake like that?! He mentally chastised himself, slapping his palm against his face while feeling the beads of sweat falling from his forehead.

Suddenly, he tensed up and turned his attention back to Altairea. He questioned her bewilderingly, "Wait a second. You said that you were responsible for knocking me out? I remembered getting hit by some powerful force, but I just thought I collapsed from head trauma. Are you an alfar mage?"

She didn't make eye contact, but nodded at my accusation.

"I'm not very comfortable with that," she remarked.

From what I know, the alfar possess powers of mysticism and sorcery, but the most powerful of them' all are the mages who have the power to generate psychic energy, using it to manipulate the energy around them to their whim.

"Why are you uncomfortable?" Zachery asked.

Rubbing the side of her arm in timidity, she looked away before returning her gaze. She said meekly with a droplet of sweat on her brow, "L-let's just say that I have my personal demons on the matter."

Arching a brow, the boy was confused by her statement, but shrugged and changed the subject. He reached his hand out and said, "I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Zachery Huang Honda. What's yours?"

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Zachery. I hope that we will become good friends," she said as she bowed her head. Smiling and hyping up, she suggested, "How about a bath? It will help you relax and clear your mind of fatigue after only an hour and a half of recovery."

Zachery complied and got up out of the hammock, only to realize that he was naked. Stunned with his eyes widened, he asked in confusion, "Umm...what happened to my clothes."

Altairea didn't respond. Instead, her lips pursed with her face turning red as she gazed at his member. She shook her head and averted her gaze back to the man's eyes. She answered with a stutter, "O-oh, I t-took them off, s-so it would b-be easy to treat you! I h-had to examine your body t-to make sure there weren't any further injuries, also."

Seeing the girl's reaction also made the young man's face blush. He quickly picked up the blanket that dropped onto the floor and wrapped it around his waist, covering up his shame and then proceeded to where the bath was with Altairea guiding him. 

12-minutes later, Zachery was taken to a medium-sized room with a single bronze tub wedged in the side and a washing sink with a mirror hanging on the wall above it. Zachery walked up and saw that the tub was already full of water. He leaned down and dipped his head.

It's cold. Must have been in here for hours. His brow furrowed as he felt the tingling sensation coursing through his nerves.

"Sorry if the bath is a little cold. I had it prepared for you when you wake up but since you were out for so long, it's no longer of any you now, is it?" she apologized timidly.

Walking over, she raised her hands outward and out of her palms was a flash of purple lightening. After it struck the surface of the water, the bath was hot again as steam began to fester out.

"There you go. Now, it's ready." after the alfar girl left, Zachery proceeded to take off his blanket kilt and sunk his body into the water.

He could feel the stress slipping out of his body, letting out a sigh as his muscles began to loosen up a little. Looking up at the beige ceiling, he thought: This is pretty nice. Been a while since I had a nice, relaxing bath, but I can't be too engulfed in this. Once I'm done, I'm going to have to head back to my ship and get the hell off this planet before the guardians discover it's location. 

He pondered for 20 minutes on the matter. However, his train of thought derailed when he heard the door opening behind him.

"Have you come to check up on me, Altairea," he mused with a smile. When he turned towards her, his face lost all expression with his mouth agape.

Waltzing into the room, Altairea was wearing nothing but a towel around her body. She grinned with flushed cheeks and replied, "Not exactly. I just came to see if you want to share the tub with me."

Before the human man could protest, the alfar girl removed her towel, revealing every part of her body from her well-formed mounds to her thin curvy body. Then she dipped her feet in and crouched down close to Zachery's body. She made sure to place her legs passed his sides to give her more room.

"W-why are you doing this?" he asked. His face flushed in surprise.

She leaned in and planted her lips against his, wrapping her arms around his body in further embrace. 

Giving him a leering look, she stated with a lustful smile, "don't think about it. Just relax and enjoy the show." She grabbed his hands and placed them against her breasts, feeling him gently groping them as she moaned softly.

He couldn't believe this was happening. To him, the feeling of her breasts were amazing and was astounded by how soft they were in his palms. During this time, his mind began to race once more. What the hell's happening?! The sweet, soft-spoken, polite space elf girl that I just met almost an hour ago wants to have sex with me! We've only known each other a short period of time and she wants to move that fast in our relationship!

However, his body started to act on its' own. He leaned up and presented his sex to the young alfar girl who, at first, was taken aback by the sight of it, but preceded to engulf the rod with her mouth straight passed the shaft as it touched her throat. In and out, she moved her head in fellatio. Her tongue trailed against the shaft before moaning. Zachery sighed and tilted his head back, feeling his breathing increased as body became nearly jelly.

She removed her mouth and placed her breasts onto his cock. She moved them up and down in a ginger manner. She smiled at the sight of the man was he winced in delight.

She asked seductively, "how do you like my breasts, Zachery? Are they to your liking?"

He nodded his head and smiled. This was the first time in his life to be treated this way and he loved it. Altairea noticed how his rod twitched between her breasts. So, she pulled away and turned around, exposing her rear in front of him. She then placed both hands on her cheeks and pulled them open, which excited the young man even more so.

"Come on. Don't hold back. Make me feel good." The enticement was enough for Zachery to grab hold and penetrate her womanhood. 

Biting his lips in exuberance, he thrust his hips as he felt the sense of pleasure surging through his system. She gasped and thought: Oh, by Alfar, it feels so good! So, this is what a humans' sex organ feels like! It's so hard and hot, almost like an alfar males'! It feels like...I'm melting inside...can't think...straight...!

"Altairea! I'm gonna cum!" Zachery warned her. 

With one last thrust he climaxed straight into her womb, hearing her wailed while feeling her walls crushing his member tightly.

She breathed heavily as she turned around and rubbed her lower lips. She sighed with a satisfying smirk, "That was incredible! I never imagined mating with a human would be this intense!" 

However, it didn't stop there. Grabbing the alfar girl, Zachery lifted her up and entered her once more after he became erect again, feeling her legs wrapping around his waist as he proceeded in moving her up and down.

"W-wait! I already came! I-I need time before I'm ready, again!" she pleaded, but gasped and pursed her lip in pure ecstasy. Her nails clawed against the man's back as they caressed to the sides.

Zachery then climbed out of the tub and trotted through the door while sucking on her breast and ramming her in and out. He laid her down on her back against the fabric of the hammock. Altairea pushed her body up on the ground to give it more support while feeling the human's speed increased as he held her legs up.

With one last push, he came once more into the alfar girl and the two laid on top of each other, inhaling and exhaling as they cuddled together.

They remained in such a euphoric state for 30 minutes. Right when Zachery was about to move, Altairea told him to stop. She said as blushed, "Umm...can we stay connected a little longer. I w-want to remember the feeling of you inside me."

He smiled. He couldn't refuse such a cute face like hers'. He replied, "Sure. Just for a little longer, Altairea." 

They changed their position a little with Zachery on his back and Altairea lying on his chest, affectionately snuggling against him while his member remained inside her.

"Why would you force yourself onto me?" Zachery questioned. He had alredy asked that question, but didn't receive an answer.

Letting out a sigh, the alfar girl replied, "I wanted to make it up to you for almost killing you and even though I had already treated your injuries, I didn't think it was enough. Besides, it turned out good for the both of us, didn't it?" she stated with a smirk.

The young man smiled back. Then another thought came into the young man's head. He asked, "Altairea. Have you ever been with another man, before?"

Her smile faded into a somber frown. She looked into his eyes and answered honestly, "I have been with another, but that was a long time ago. What about you?"

"No, I haven't. This is the first time I've ever held a woman."

The young woman's smile grew bigger in response. For some reason, that made her feel a bit happy. Altairea then laid her back on Zachery's chest and closed her eyes, drifting into sleep as her breathing became gentler.

Meanwhile, Zachery stared back at the ceiling and contemplated, as he was alone with his own thoughts once more.

I really should really get going and head back to the ship, but...maybe one more day on this planet wouldn't be so bad. Besides, it's not like someone's going to find my ship in over a day...right?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The night sky covered the surface of the planet with the light of the twin moons illuminating the lands. Hovering above, a small ship made out of purple crystals descended down next to the crater that carried the Starchild.

Standing about 20-meters, the ship was asymmetrical with the back having five long spikes and the front having a single head that had a pattern similar to a birds'. On the sides were two wings and on the bottom were two legs to land.

The head of the ship scattered and retracted, opening up and creating a ramp down for five alfar soldiers to exit out and proceeded to the crater. Dressed in silver-colored body suits and wearing visor-shielded helmets, they entered down and examined the ship.

"What do you think, captain?" said the first soldier.

One of the soldiers with the figure of a woman walked up and touched the ship, wiping her fingers against the metal shell and feeling how warm it still was. Compared to the others, her suit was the most decorative. Once she pulled her hand away, the captain took off her helmet and turned around.

"Oh, this is going to be fun," the captain mused. 

Smiling sinisterly, she ordered loudly, "Men! We have a human among us and I'm sure that will not please the baron! I want all of you to scour the area, check for any trail of a heat signature, and follow it to where our little...guest is located!"

The soldiers slammed their fists against their chests in salute and returned to the ship with the captain following from behind. As the ship ascended to the sky, it flashed a blue light throughout the horizon, detecting a heat signature trail leading down south. It followed the trail, streaming through the air at jet speed.

Sitting on a bench in the cargo bay, the captain donned her helmet back on and waited patiently until their arrival. Walking up to her, one of her soldiers looked down at her and asked, "What do we do with the human's ship, captain? Do we just leave it behind?"

"Don't worry, peacekeeper, we'll report to headquarters about it before we arrive. The baron will be pleased by our discovery. Hopefully, this will give the Alfar race an advantage against the Earth Empire," the captain confirmed in a serene tone of voice.

"But the Holy Alfar Kingdom and the Earth Empire have signed an armistice. Why would we need an advantage?" the peacekeeper questioned.

"Even though you are young, you know how humans think. The armistice isn't going to last forever and another war is about to erupt," she stated musingly with her legs crossed. She added, "Besides, it won't be just the humans, but other races as well. If the baron gives that cruiser to the higher ups, then we will become more powerful than any race in the galaxy. This will give our star system the recognition amongst the constellate and will rise up in the ranks."

Smiling under her helmet, she continued with a dramatic undertone, "Once the baron rises in the ranks, we will ascend also. We will no longer be a planet of farmers, but a powerful and prestigious house high up amongst the nobility, and with that, our might will be extraordinary and our influence grand."