 Space—once seemed so empty—now crawling with life. The nebulas glowed with ethereal colors that even today baffles mortal men. It was very cold; colder than any place known to man. The stars glistened constantly, moving pass you as you travel through the heavens. 

Today was just another day for our protagonist. Zachery had woken up to the right moment when his ship passed by a white sun, feeling the beams of its' light piercing through the reinforced windows and beaming against his eyes.

His eyes fluttered open while groaning irritably. He got up and moved off the bed, rubbing his eyes before he stretched his arms to hear them pop. Zachery looked around his room, seeing every bookshelf and poster in order before getting up.

Well, let's get this day started, shall we? After making his bed, he proceeded out through the sliding the doors and made his way to the next room 5 steps down where he took a shower and got dressed.

The way he bathed was a little surreal. Once he pressed the red button on the wall, he was quickly engulfed in gallons of water while a large force field surrounded him, creating a square shape container to keep the water in. a few-seconds-later, he was swallowed up by a small twister of body wash, cleaning him on his arms, legs, cock, face, etc. After it was finished, the water drained into the metallic floor and the shield was brought down.

He walked up to the mirror and began shaving the stubs on his face. Placing a hand through his hair, he combed it back and smiled. He said to his reflection, "Looking good, handsome. You've been on this ship for 756 days and you're still trying to find yourself, but maybe today is the day." He walked away with a somber demeanor as he headed out. He continued, "Now, let's check on the cockpit. Hopefully, there's something on the ultra-net for me to do."

The man sauntered through and entered the cockpit where he sat down and presumed his business. Pressing a couple of buttons on the control panel, he pulled up a blue holographic screen and scanned what was on it. He checked the date. "August 17th, 6389AD," was what it said. In the section that read "business", he skimmed through to find whatever job was posted. It was difficult to receive any opportunity the section of space his ship was drifting through.

"God dammit. Nothing? I guess I'm going to be bored for the entire day. Maybe, I should just fap to pass the time," Zach grimaced. He pinched the bridge of his eyes as he groaned.

He trailed his hands and opened up his hidden files, pulling up pictures of nude women and not just human women, but alien women too. If there was one thing Zachery wanted, then it was the feel of a woman. It can get pretty lonely when drifting in space. However, he never had the time to find a lover to bring on his travels for the adventures were usually spontaneous, but since it was a slow day and was in the middle of nowhere, the pictures floating before him were the only substitutes he had.

"Maybe, I should start with her," he said, having a smile on his face with raised brows. He chose a picture of a red-skinned alien girl with a twin pair of breasts and tentacles for hair.

Suddenly, before he could remove his member from his trousers, an urgent warning appeared on screen. It read: Warning! Wormhole detected! Ship is approaching at full collision! Brace for impact!

That's when Zachery quickly buckled himself in his chair, waiting as the wormhole appeared before the ship. His eyes widened in awestruck at the sight of it. Sure, he has seen a couple here and there, but no matter how many times; the sigh was always breathtaking. At that moment, the Starchild was sucked in and disappeared. Right before his eyes was a kaleidoscope of colors. He could feel his entire being shifting as reality around him twist and turn.

Clenching his teeth, he remarked while wincing in pain, "I haven't had breakfast yet and I'm already about to puke. This is a terrible way to experience your first wormhole travel."

Luckily, it didn't last long. 10-minutes-later, he was already out on the other side and found himself in another part of the galaxy. The stars and planets around him were different than before, but right when he was about to check his star map, something went wrong. Just then, a loud siren emitted as the ship started to shake in turbulence.

"Oh, fuck! What's going on, this time?!" he checked the system stats and became unnerved. 

He was coming in hot, about to crash into an orange planet at high speed. Sweating beads on his forehead, he gripped the sticks of the ship, trying to maneuver it, so to slow down as he broke through the planet's atmosphere. He glided against the ground, graving the planet's surface for about 3-miles to decelerate the speed as it made impact against a hill.

Lifting his head up, the man was dizzy and disoriented, feeling the room spin around him. That's when everything around him became dark.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The evening sky came as the twin suns' light began to fade into the horizon. Everywhere the eye could see was covered in lush green grass as thick clouds began hovering above the sky. One the ground, there were streaks of rivers and streams that correspond with the grassy fields, along with bushels of an array of flowers scattered all over. 

Crawling on the ground, a young woman began picking each flower and placing them in a basket. She only picked the purple ones while she ignored the others.

She had light-blue skin with a curvy figure, violet eyes, short silver-grayish hair with violet bangs, and also had long pointy ears. She was dressed in a long beige gown that was wrapped tightly around her well-endowed breasts with a short arbor vest-jacket over it and a pair of brown slip-on shoes on her feet. 

There. Just five more violet tears to go, Altairea, and you're all set. She smiled while wiping the sweat from her brow. Suddenly, her ears picked up a loud humming sound. Altairea looked up and was astounded by the sight of a flaming ball descending from the sky. It flew by over her head and struck down, about three feet from where she was as it grazed across the fields. Taken aback, she fell against her rear, trembling as beads of sweat fell from her forehead. 

Getting up, she walked over and stood in front of a large crater, leaning down to see a large spacecraft before her eyes. 

"By the all-seeing eye of Alfar! Is this an invasion?! Are we being invaded?! I'm too young to die!" she said to herself, panicking even more so than before at its' presence. Fortunately, this didn't last long as her disarray was replaced with bewilderment.

As if by instinct, she proceeded to climb down into the hole and walked up to the ship. Her hand hesitantly hovered against the side, feeling the immense heat generating from the surface. This was the first time in Altairea's life to see a real-life ship. However, what really caught her attention was what was inside the construct that really tickled her fancy. She waited an hour and a half until the ship was cool enough for her to climb up and attempt to pry the hatch open. Unfortunately for her, it was shut tight but after a few pulls, she managed to open it and entered the ship.

Looking around, she was amazed by her surroundings. She remarked, "Whoever, or whatever, built this ship, they must be pretty advance to have such a machine."

However, her awestruck quickly faded when she forced the cockpits' door to open and was surprised at what she saw. Sitting at the console was a human pilot lying in his chair and was completely out cold.

He was a young man who looked to be in his 20s with short spikey hair and pale skin. He was dressed in a blue shirt with a thin black jacket over it, a pair of spandex trousers, and a pair of strapped black boots.

A human? What is a human doing on an Alfar-occupied planet? That's impossible! Humans aren't allowed anywhere into the Holy Alfar kingdom's territories!

Zachery opened his hazel eyes and groaned, rubbing his forehead and winced in pain. He murmured, "Ow, my head. I swear to God, I thought this was the last time I crash into a planet?" He drowsily looked around before getting startled by the alfar girl's presence.

He jumped out of his seat. The alfar girl was taken aback as her body shuddered in response. He could sense the intensity that was on the girl and he couldn't help but get up, albeit wobbly, and reach out to her. The turbulence wasn't pleasant for him.

Zachery smiled and said, "H-hey. It's okay. I'm not going to...hurt you..."

Altairea screamed with her hands to her mouth as a blast of purple psychic energy struck Zachery. The man collapsed onto the metal floors and lied unconscious before the alfar girl's feet. She trembled and stood over the man's body.

Placing her hands over her mouth, her mind began to race. Oh no! By Alfar! What have I done! She quickly placed an ear on his chest, sighing in relief that it was still beating. She then picked up the man's body, carrying him over his shoulders with all her might and out of the ship while having her basket in her hand.

Wow! He's heavier than he looks!

20 minutes later, the girl brought the boy into a small city, creping by each and every bystander, so to not be discovered. She even passed by a vagrant receiving fellatio from a prostitute in an alley. The city was in terrible shape. Dirty and falling apart, much of the architecture was horribly austere. Finally, after dashing by three blocks, they arrived at an open vicinity covered in trees and flowers where only a small cottage stood in the center.

It stood about one story in height, having an oval shape exterior and a four-way tiled roof. It had two circular windows on the front, a wooden door, and a cylindrical metal chimney on top. She waltzed inside and placed the young man on top of a hammock.

"Alright, Altairea. You've just brought the man you almost killed into your house. Now, what do I do next?" she muttered to herself. The tone of her voice sounded perturbed as she caressed a hand down her face.

She grabbed whatever bottle of herbs and medicine she could find, and any bandages that were lying around. Placing them beside the human, she proceeded to undress him.

However, when she unzipped his jumpsuit and disrobed him of it, she gasped and blushed at what lied below. By the gods! Why is he blessed with such a tremendous girth in his loins?! She reached over and touched it, picking up some of the precum before tasting it. She was baffled by the taste of it and sighed at the distinctiveness of it. After coming to her senses, she didn't want to see it anymore. So, she threw a blanket over his lower torso. Sighing in relief, Altairea returned her attention back to Zachery who laid peacefully as he breathed lightly in his deep sleep. She gingerly placed the medicine on the back of his head and wrapped it around his temples. She continued examining his body, making sure there weren't anymore bruises or cuts. Altairea spotted a large tattoo on his right arm, taking notice at the numbers and bar code that was branded in his skin. She kept looking. However, she couldn't help but admire his slender, yet built physique, and how toned it was for such a young man.

For an hour and a half, she waited for any response for Zachery. Suddenly, the young man's eyes fluttered slowly as he turned to Altairea. Leaning up, he groaned and rubbed the back of his head, noticing the bandages that patch and the bandages around his scalp. He looked around, confused by his newfound, rustic surroundings.

"Where...where am I" he asked in befuddlement.

He turned to Altairea.

"You?! You're that alfar girl from earlier, aren't you?!"

"Y-yes, I am!" she nodded timidly. She to clam down, attempting to explain the situation better. She continued, "My name is Altairea Varsoombash and I just want to say I'm sorry for knocking you out! I brought you to my house to tend to your wounds as a way to apologize!"

The young man sighed and leaned further up. He reached his hand with ease. Altairea cringed, but was astonished when he patted her head. His face was warmth and gentle as he looked at the girl.

"Thanks for the hospitality, Altairea. Honestly, it's kind of my fault since I did startle you. It also should be apologizing for crashing my ship on your planet, also," Zachery commented with a tone of sincerity.

Altairea's cheeks turned red from that gesture.

"Tell me, Altairea. Am I on Alfar?" he questioned.

"Well, not exactly...you're on Terros XI," she answered.

"Terros XI?"

"It's one of the many planets under the rule of the Holy Alfar Kingdom, in the Beta Quadrant of the galaxy."

So, I'm not on Alfar, but I'm somewhere close to the planet. God, Zachery, what kind of shit did you get yourself into?