 This started out as an entry for a friendly smut contest in between some friends. Like most writing, it evolved into something more. I'm using this as a vehicle to practice writing different kinds of smut, so expect a variety in this series. I'm willing to expand on certain sections if you lovely readers want me to. With that said, hope you all enjoy~!

*

To those who didn't know any better, the worn-down building on 5th and Main street seemed quite unremarkable. Unlike the loudly colored and brightly lit storefronts of the nearby bars and storefronts this building was dim and squat, with no windows or signage or anything more than grey concrete. The only decorations this building had was the black, solid-looking door and a small touchpad where a doorknob should have been. The touchpad was unremarkable except for the small logo of a black sun engraved at its top. Few pedestrians passed by it, the few who did often gave it a look of disgust as they walked. Others shrunk deep into their clothing as if trying to disappear.

As the night what few pedestrians passed by trickled into nothing. The building sat quiet and alone with only the roar of the highway above it for company. Before too long, though, it had a visitor. A young woman slowly ascended the stairs that led to the black door. Her hands trembled as she took off her gloves and pressed her fingers against the touchpad. There was a soft mechanical whirring, an even softer click, and out of nowhere a blue hologram of a woman appeared. She resembled the secretaries one might see in old movies, the kind with glasses and a bun and a wan, tight-lipped smile.The hologram tilted its head ever so slightly.

"Do you have an appointment?"

The woman looked at the street behind her, her arms wrapped tightly around her body.

"Y-Yes. Dani Green. The Twins are expecting me."

The hologram looked her over. Somewhere deep within the building there was an answering click of machinery. With a hiss and a lurch the black door opened. Dani waited until it had settled into place before she went inside. Then, with another glance at the street behind her she went in.

The hallway Dani found herself in was as unassuming as the front of the building. The walls were the same stark white one might find in a hospital, with no decorations or signage betraying the building's purpose. The only sound was the clicking of her heels on the floor as she walked forward. Sometimes there would be a hiss or a soft beeping and she would start and look around but the hall remained the same as it had been.

At the end of the hall there was another black door. It opened as she approached it. Behind it was a small room, with the same blank walls as the hallway before.The room wasn't entirely undecorated, however. There was an unoccupied desk and some comfortable looking, albeit empty, couches on the far side of the wall. Dani was about to go to one of them and sit down, but just as she moved forward the hologram at the door reappeared at the seat of the desk, filling the room with pale blue light. She gestured towards a door behind the desk, a soft smile on her face.

"The Twins are ready for you."

......................................................................................................................

The door opened. The Twins, once idle, snapped to attention.

As expected, Dani Green, their latest appointment was standing in the doorway. They took a moment to take in her appearance. She was a small woman in all respects, with dark brown skin and red-brown hair tied back in a ponytail. Like all of their first-time clients she was obviously very nervous. In spite of themselves they smiled.

Their female aspect greeted her. Her conservative dress betrayed lush, firm breasts and wide hips. Most of their clients thought her to be beautiful.

"Welcome, Danielle. We are the Twins. We have been expecting you."

Their male aspect stepped forward. They immediately noticed the way her gaze shifted to the floor when he approached, and how the flush on her cheeks deepened.

"H-hello." Her voice was soft and unsure. Not unexpected considering the circumstances.

Their male aspect spoke. His deep, rumbling voice was a sharp contrast to their client's. 

"If you are ready then we can begin."

Their client's eyes finally rose from the floor. "Yes."

They didn't have to tell her to disrobe. With small, shaking hands she undid the buttons on her top. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts were small but firm and perky, the perfect size to fit in one's hand. They watched silently as she continued. After her shirt, her gloves fell to the floor. Then her shoes and socks, Then her skirt.

When she got to her panties she hesitated. Sensing her discomfort they stepped in, their female aspect offering an outstretched hand.

"That will be fine for now"

Dani was silent, but she took their hand, Their male aspect watched as she was led to the bed in the middle of the room. Slowly, carefully she positioned herself face-down on the mattress. They gave her hand a quick squeeze and for the first time they saw her smile.

"We're here for you, Danielle." Their female aspect said, her voice warm and soothing. She reached out and stroked their client's soft hair with her free hand. "We won't do anything you aren't comfortable with."

"I know." Dani replied. She gave their hand a squeeze in return. "Thank you."

Their female aspect moved her head close to Dani's face. "Just relax. I will take care of you."

Their lips met. Dani's lips were soft and warm, and all of her prior hesitation had gone. She leaned into it, her mouth opening and letting them in. As they kissed their male aspect leaned over her, pouring warm oil on her back. She tensed up at first, but after a few encouraging kisses from their female aspect she began to relax.

Noticing this their female aspect responded. "There you go. That isn't so bad, is it?"

"No. It isn't" Her soft voice had somehow gotten even softer than before. "Actually...it feels a lot nicer than I thought it would. Isn't that strange?" Dani's hands entwined with their female aspect's. Their male aspect began to slowly knead the oils into their client's back. Her skin was smooth and supple and very pleasant to the touch. They could practically feel the stress leaving her body as they worked on her back.

"Mmm." She moaned into the lips of their female aspect. She had become a lot less shy. Her kiss was hungrier, bolder now. There was a sense of urgency in the way she sucked at their lips, as she knotted her fingers in their hair. They had assumed that their massage would relax her but if anything she had become emboldened by it. It was a pleasant discovery.

Their male aspect slowly moved to her thighs, making sure to trace the length of her spine as they went. Dani's grip tightened in their hair as they went. "Do you want me to take your panties off?" Their male aspect said, using that breathy voice that their clients seemed to enjoy. She shuddered under their hands.

"Yes please."

Their female aspect gave her a quick smile and walked over to the end of the bed. Dani lifted her hips slightly, giving them the room to slowly ease her panties off with their female aspect's delicate hands. They made sure to brush against her inner thighs as they went. They were rewarded with a pleasant view of their client's wet pussy.

Dani's breathing slowed as they began to work in tandem, their hands rubbing small circles into her thighs, slowly making their way upwards. Every time they drew close to her lips they drew back. It was rewarding, they had learned, to draw out this portion of their services. It made the payoff that much better for both them and the client. Not to mention, they thought with a smirk, more enjoyable too.

"Mmm." She moaned again as their hands once ghosted close to her sex.

Their male aspect answered. "Enjoying yourself?" His tone was equal parts enticing and teasing.

"Yes. It feels amazing."

"Do you want more?" They responded in unison. Immediately they chiding themselves for doing that. Many clients found that offputting.

If she was unnerved she didn't show it. "Yes please."

Their male aspect took their hands off of her and moved towards a dresser near the bed. Dani's eyes were fixed on them as they went. And went wide when she saw what they pulled out of the drawer.They couldn't help but smile at her expression when she saw the sleek vibrator in their hands. To see someone be so astounded over a simple vibrator wasn't something that they saw often.

"So eager." Their female aspect whispered in her ear, lips brushing against its curve. "Such a naughty girl." She emphasized her point with a gentle nip at her earlobe.

"Y-Yes." Their client whispered in reply. Her legs opened as their male aspect settled into position at.the end of the bed. When he turned it on and the sound of its buzzing filled the room they could practically feel the jolt that ran through her body in response.

"Look at you. You're dripping wet, all for me. I could do anything to you right now, could I? And you would let me do it to you." They teased the vibrator down the length of her thigh, their female aspect mirroring the movement down the small of her back. The scent of sex in the air was palpable.

Dani whimpered, fists curled into balls in the blanket "Yes." Despite the rather blatant invitation they remained careful to avoid her pussy. She began to squirm under their touch, the teasing becoming too much to bear.

"What do you want me to do? Tell me." Their female aspect's hand was tantalizingly close to her tight bud, smooth fingers dancing around her cheeks. "Tell me."

"I-I." She took a deep breath as their female aspect planted a kiss on her neck. "Please, take care of me. I can't take it anymore." She was begging them now. How endearing.

"As you wish." Their male aspect replied. They moved the vibrator closer and closer to her pussy. When its tip touched her lips she gave a small cry in response.

"Oh dear. So vocal." Their female aspect purred. "You like it, don't you?"

Their client was too overcome with pleasure to give a coherent response. With every motion of their hands her breathing became more and more irregular. Slowly, surely, they moved their female aspect's fingers closer to her pussy.

Dani was so wet and warm. Her body gave no resistance as they slipped their fingers in. At the same time they massaged the vibrator around their client's clit. They moved their bodies in tandem, every thrust into her wet hole was synched perfectly with a firm rub from the vibrator.

It didn't take long for her to finish. They felt her clench against their fingers, little squeaks and moans pouring from her lips. They pulled away and let her orgasm run its course. When it was finally done she looked at up them with eyes half-lidded with pleasure.

"How was it?" They smiled, enjoying their handiwork. The woman who had been too shy to meet their gaze at the beginning of the session was now looking up at them like they were the most important thing in her world.

Their client ran a hand through her hair. "I...wow." She rolled over on her belly, the epitome of contentment.

"I'll take that to mean you liked it."

"That's...one way to put it/" With shaking legs she stood up from the bed. They helped her dress, and once she was ready she made her way towards the door.

Before she left she turned to face them. Her eyes were bright and full of happiness.

"Thank you."

They bowed their heads. She gave them one more smile and was gone.

............................................................................................................

There would be no more clients until tomorrow. They had time to rest.

They eased themselves into their sleeping pod. Like fetuses in a womb they floated, surrounded by cold gel and hooked up to a multitude of wires. It only took a second before they left their bodies.

What was one voice became many. In a sea of wires and electricity and strings of code they swam, like an infinite school of fish traveling through a deep and endless ocean.

Though they had no body at the moment they could feel the smile dancing across their face. Today had been a good day.