 When I arrived at work this morning, I found this intriguing letter my desk. It was unsigned and I can only wonder who placed it there. Perhaps I shall never know. Lying next to it was a small box wrapped and tied with a bow. The note read:

"My Darling,

I write this to you out of love and unquenched passion. It is you who inspires me to reach beyond my limits of imagination, you to whom I look for inspiration and you to whom my body longs to cling. It is for you, my darling, that these words are intended, for you and you alone.

My love, when work becomes boring and humdrum, and you wish to escape into a world of lust and desire, ecstasy is only a thought away.

I offer you the gift of a sumptuous mouth, one that is portable, and talented and most important of all, alive, a mouth that will fill you with unlimited delight. It is warm, moist, and accommodating at any time of the day or night. 

Whenever desire fills your loins, my darling, take out this mouth, slip it onto your cock and feel what wonders are yours. She is there for your pleasure whenever you desire her."

I reached for the box, unwrapped it, and lifted off the lid. To my surprise I gazed upon the most luscious pair of full lips I've ever seen. As I lifted them out of the box, they spoke to me in a wonderfully soft and sensuous female voice.

"May I please suck your cock, darling?"

"Oh yes, baby, you certainly may."

"Sit down behind your desk, Sir, open your zipper, and take out your cock. If anyone should come into your office, I will slow down so you can take care of the situation and dismiss them. Now place me over your manhood."

The lips latched onto my already hardening cock and I could feel the tongue slip up and down its long thick shaft. It was warm and moist and proceeded slowly at first, up and down, up and down, licking all surfaces and upon reaching the head, encircled it over and over again, dipping itself in the slit.

"MMMMMmmmmmm. Darling, you taste divine."

Round and round the head it licked with an intensity I had never experienced before. I felt the blood rush to my cock. Hot pulsating blood! It was engorged to its fullest, throbbing and aching for more.

I took a quick glance out the large glass window of my office at my employees and customers to see if anyone was watching, but thankfully, no one was. They, of course, could not see what was going on behind my desk, but they could certainly see my face if they were to look in my direction. I turned my executive chair so my back was to the large window.

The luscious mouth had a mind of its own and she knew what I liked and what I wanted. She began to move from the head downward, slowly, ever so smoothly, her hot tongue darting in and out, licking and caressing, all the way to my balls, licking them. The tongue was so hot is felt like it was on fire! I couldn't sit still and began to squirm.

My employees and bank customers had no idea what was going on. It was thrilling experiencing these delights right under their noses. The full lips began sucking my balls, one at a time. I could barely stand it and heard myself moan.

While enjoying the sensations, my mind drifted to memories of large breasts and erect nipples and the feel of them in my mouth as I sucked them long and hard. I imagined a feminine hand fingering my anus, and heard in my head the lady's moans as I tenderly bit her nubs.

The searing hot tongue slowly licked underneath my balls on that smooth and very sensitive area. She lingered there before moving her way back to my aching cock. She quickly and deliberately went all the way down on it, coming back up slowly and with full suction. Up and down she went, over and over again, her lips tight around the shaft, tormenting me.

My intercom buzzer sounded.

"Your 10 AM appointment is here, Sir."

"Tell them I'll be with them in a minute."

"Yes Sir."

I flipped the switch off and said aloud, "Damn! I completely forgot about that appointment."

With a sigh of resolution, I started to remove the mouth from my cock, but she wouldn't budge. Suddenly she began to speak.

"I told you if anyone came into the office I would slow down until you dismissed them. Now take a few deep breaths and have your secretary send them in."

I immediately obeyed, anxious to get this meeting finished.

"Kindly send them in now, Miss Porter."

"Yes Sir."

As Mr. and Mrs. Delany walked into my office, I offered them a seat opposite my desk and said, "Please forgive me for not standing. I twisted my ankle this morning and am trying to stay off it."

We began talking about the loan for which they were applying.

The mouth continued her ministrations to my still hard cock. Ever so slowly it sucked the head and licked the shaft, just enough to keep me in agony, making it difficult to concentrate on business. I removed one hand from the top of the desk and placed the other hand in my lap on top of the mouth. The little imp bit my finger! I let go of it and she began sucking harder, just to show me who was boss in this situation.

I quickly granted the loan and didn't rise when they left my office.

Once again, the lips tightened around my member and gave me the full treatment. Up and down the shaft sucking and licking the tip with that hot tongue. Up and down, over and over again, stopping now and then, making it last. She clearly didn't want me to come yet and I didn't want to come yet. I was enjoying this tremendously.

I felt the suction release and the full lips began kissing my cock tenderly, then move to my aching balls kissing them, and then sucking each one, and then both at the same time. My toes began to curl. Once again I turned my back to the window.

I slid down in my chair and stretched my legs out in front of me and crossed them at the ankles. I was going to come soon. The lips clamped themselves around the head again, with my cock straight in the air. I watched as they plundered my cock. Those lovely, full, sensuous, bright red lips lips drove me insane. It was a beautiful thing to watch. The ache in the pit of my stomach grew.

Up and down, up and down they slid, faster and faster, the suction tighter and tighter. My moans were audible and I didn't care. I didn't care about anything at all except this incredible feeling. I grabbed a handful of tissue off the top of my desk as I felt the beginning of my climax rising to the surface.

Closing my eyes, I laid my head on the back of the chair just as my cock spasmed again and again, shooting come out the tip like little rockets to the moon. I lay sprawled out in my chair for what seemed like forever, completely drained. I came to my senses upon hearing lapping sounds. I looked down at my softening cock and watched the most beautiful mouth on earth lapping up every drop of come. I don't know where it all went, but she must have swallowed all of it.

I removed the mouth from my flaccid cock and wiped off the lips.

"Thank you, darling, for letting me suck your cock."

I placed her back in the box, remembering that she is there whenever I desire her.