 There are some who would claim that there is no racism within the human kingdom of Linder, many of its citizens took a certain sense of pride in their countries reputation as a melting pot of different breeds and ideologies. It was a free country where men, elf, dwarve, and orc all were free to live as they please. At least on the surface it was. As in any society there existed some dissenting opinions about the direction that some felt the kingdom was headed in. There existed a darker underbelly to Linder where racial tensions bred violence and hatred. Even among many who tolerated the presence of non-humans there was fear and resentment lurking just beneath the surface.

The city of Pinefall for instance, located in the northern reaches of the kingdom was not an area that was known to be particularly welcoming to outside races. Its inhabitants, while not outright hostile, made plainly clear their feelings towards non-humans at every available opportunity.

It was for this reason that when their work found them staying in Pinefall for the night that two female orcs thought it wise not to stay out too late after the sun had gone down, and quickly holed themselves in at a small inn and tavern called the Black Swine. It was a cozy little building with a low ceiling furnished with rickety wooden furniture. Deer antlers and various animal pelts adorned the walls in testament to the prowess of local hunters. The entire interior was bathed in a warm orange glow emanating from small glass lanterns hung at seemingly arbitrary points across the ceiling, the frosted murky panes of which diffused the light throughout the rooms.

There weren't many patrons that night, at least not anymore there weren't. The building had been nearly filled to capacity before the two orcs had arrived. Not long after they entered the establishment and seated themselves at the bar the other customers started to slowly trickle out until only the most loyal of the pubs regulars remained, much to the annoyance of the inn keep. It was one of the stereotypes about non-humans that made the people dislike them, they were bad for your business. Of course the only reason they hurt your business was because people so greatly disliked them, but the idea of such a self-fulfilling prophecy was unknown to most common folk. The inn keep served them regardless as he valued their coin just as much as any humans, if the stories about orcs capacity for drink were true he hoped that he just might break even.

The first orc, named Tarrl-li certainly seemed to be living up to that expectation as she was already consuming her third tankard after what seemed to be only a few minutes. She was the taller of the two and by far the more muscular. Her thick biceps bulged every time she raised her mug to her lips, stretching out her thick dark green skin. She had removed her leather armor chassis and wore only a thin linen wrap around her chest, displaying at once the wideness of her shoulders and the powerful muscles of her back. Her breasts were constricted by the tight wrap giving her the appearance of being nearly completely flat, in reality it was considered unsightly in orcish culture to have large breasts as they only got in the way during battles. Her head was mostly shaved except for a spot on the top where a braided ponytail emerged from her scalp and extended down to the small of her back. The canine teeth of her lower jaw had grown into large tusk like fangs as was common among orcs. So proud was Tarrl-li of her particularly impressive tusks that she allowed them to grow so long that she couldn't even close her mouth all the way anymore. The fangs also forced her to hold her mug at an awkward angle as she poured ale into her mouth.

Her companion Takk-la in contrast had filed her canines down to fall in line with the rest of her teeth. She cared very little for the cultural norms of both man and orc and as such didn't wear a wrap around her chest, instead letting her medium sized breasts hang freely within the confines of her rough linen shirt. Her hair was pitch black and swept back across the top of her skull, with all the hair on the sides of her head shaved away. She was less muscled as Tarrl-li but still impressively strong by human standards. The dancing of her tendons and muscles was unmistakable beneath her light green skin in every movement that she made. Despite this, she was still quite shapely. Unlike her partner whose torso was shaped like a box, Takk-la had a seductive curve to her hips and a firm roundness to her bottom that turned heads of all species.

The two orc women could not truly be said to have been friends, they knew each other well enough but found each other to be disagreeable on more than a few too many subjects. They had walked through the city together for safety, a gang of humans might chance taking on a lone orc but none would ever challenge two, even if they were female. They worked together as the only two orcs in a company of 12 caravan guards and as such had come to look out for one another. They had both argued against taking this job of escorting a pair of merchants to a neighboring kingdom specifically because it had them passing through Pinefall as well as many cities like it. They found themselves out voted of course as the ten other humans in the company had nothing to fear from the area and merchants always paid good coin. The Merchants, as well as the rest of their company were of course staying in a fancy inn in the upper class districts of the city which had a policy against non-human lodgers, forcing them to retreat to much less reputable establishments such as the one they were currently in.

This left the two in a particularly sour mood which they both responded to in different ways. Tarrl-li seemed to be attempting to drown herself in cheap ale as she had just finished off her fourth pint and was already demanding more. Takk-la meanwhile hadn't even finished her first round, preferring instead to sulk in silence. She let her eyes wander around the room and caught quick glimpses of the dirty and disgusted faces on the few bar goers left before they turned away from her gaze. She wondered that there wasn't an orc head mounted on the wall along with the deer and bear trophies, what with the reception they had thus received. It seemed that orcs and men were particularly prone to inter species squabbles, perhaps due to a long history of war between the two species. All of that unpleasantness was ancient history by now but there was still a deep sense of resentment felt mutually from either side, of course there are always a few exceptions.

The door to the Black Swine burst open, exciting the attention of the owner who hoped that some customers had returned. His face grew weary and concerned however, as he saw a third orc enter his tavern. The bars newest customer was a tall male orc with skin so darkly green it appeared almost black. He was much taller than either of the other two orcs, so tall in fact that he had to duck several times to keep his bald head from hitting the rafters of the small building as he moved around. Despite his massive height he was only slightly more muscular than Tarrl-li, though his tusks were impressively

bigger.

It was no coincidence of course that he had entered the bar with perhaps the only other orcs in the city. News traveled fast around Pinefall of non-humans within the city walls. Gongirr was to his knowledge the only permanent orc resident of the city and would have felt remiss if he didn't come to welcome them, especially upon hearing they were both of the fairer sex. He stood behind them and looked them both over. Tarrl-li's obvious strength and musculature did carry a certain primal attractiveness in a way that only an orc can truly appreciate, But Takk-la had the kind of ass you rarely ever see on an orc, large and shapely. He's be happy to take a run at either one of them but he decided to himself that if he had zero in on a single target, he would go after that ass.

Gongirr wasted no time in taking a seat at the stool next to Takk-la which, clearly not designed for someone of his weight, creaked in protest beneath him. 

"I'd offer to buy you two ladies a drink, but it appears you've started without me." He said in a gruff voice as he flashed them his impressive set of teeth.

The two looked at him a moment, surprised to see another orc in a place like this. Once the shock had worn off Takk-la returned to staring into her drink. Tarrl-li however smiled as she threw back the last of her beer and tossed the tankard away.

"Well I guess you can buy the next one then." She said with a hint of inebriation in her voice. "Mah name's Tarrl-li."

"Gongirr." He said politely with a small bow. He then looked at Takk-la.

"And how about you, anything I can do for you?"

Takk-la glanced sideways at him with a grimace.

"You can not talk to me for one." she scowled before finishing the last of her ale. She placed the mug on the counter and signaled for the inn keep to refill it. She made a point of reaching into her own purse and putting a coin on the counter as payment.

Gongirr hadn't expected such a cold reception, but he wasn't afraid of a challenge either.

"Hey c'mon now, we've gotta be the only three orcs in the city. We should buddy up, get to know each other. Who knows when the next time any of us is going to find another one of us in this part of the world, we should take advantage of this ...opportunity." as he spoke he turned towards them slightly and spread his legs to show off the bulge in his trousers. It was hard to miss as it went to halfway down his thigh.

Tarrl-li raised an eyebrow and openly leered at his crotch, a sloppy grin plastered across her face. Takk-la only frowned harder and noted the inn keeps shaky hands as he poured the next round.

"Three orcs in one place in a city like this, might be breaking some law. Maybe one of us should leave." She said bluntly, staring him in the face for the first time.

"Or maybe two of us could go somewhere else together?" he suggested slyly while returning her glare with a charming smile.

Tarrl-li was in the middle of her first gulp of her newly refilled tankard when he said this. Immediately she let out a barking laugh, causing ale to shoot out her nose and splash into her lap. She leaned over her companion while still chuckling to try and explain to Gongirr, who now wore a confused expression.

"Hey buddy, you're barkin' up the wrong tree with her. You'd better just keep liquoring me up if you're looking for a good time tonight." Her cadence made it clear however that the process of being liquored up had begun long ago.

Takk-la roughly shoved her causing her to wobble uncertainly on her stool. After a worrying moment she eventually regained her balance and smiled knowingly at the orc woman.

"What you mean?" Gongirr's eyes narrowed for a moment before a sickened expression came onto his face. "What are you dykes?"

"Fuck no!" Takk-la burst out indignantly. Tarrl-li started laughing again, seeming to get more drunk each passing moment. She threw back her tankard and swallowed over half its content before turning once more to the male orc.

"She's a pig fucker." She exclaimed gleefully.

"Pig" is often used among orcs as a slang for humans due to their pinkish skin. Given the poor relationship between the two species it is no surprise that human orc couples are extremely rare, made even more so by the fact that each race is generally seen as unattractive by the other.

Takk-la angrily turned to Tarrl-li and punched her face. A heavy thwack rang through the air and Tarrl-li was once again fighting to keep her balance on her stool. Just as before she was able to steady herself and returned to her drink as though nothing had happened. Such acts of violence are not uncommon in orc culture and she hadn't hit that hard. She finished off her pint and returned to the conversation, seeming only slightly sobered by the altercation.

"Plus she's kind of a bitch." She says sarcastically with a hint of actual malice.

Gongirr looked back and forth between the two with a confused look as though not understanding. He could feel the odds of him getting his dick wet shrinking.

"So she's slept with humans before, I don't mind. We all get a little adventurous at times. Maybe we could all get adventurous together tonight?" He says in an attempt to move on from the topic.

"Nuh-uh, you don't get it." Tarrl-li shakes her head. "It don't matter how big your dick is, she 'ain't interested less you're a pinkie." 

Takk-la had taken just about as much as she was willing to put up with at that point. She slammed her empty mug on the counter and stood up. Tarrl-li expected for a moment to get another wallop but all she got was a burning look from her as she turned away and started storming towards the door.

"Ah, come on it's not that big a deal." She shouted at the fleeing orc. The door to the inn quickly flew open and slammed shut and just the two of them were left at the bar. "See what I mean, a bitch!"

The outside was dark and a chilling wind blew down the streets. A thick cover of clouds sat low in the sky, cutting off the moon and the stars and leaving the city in even greater darkness. Brass gas lamps lined one side of the street though most were extinguished. Only a few weak fires broke up the night and illuminated the uneven cobble roads. It was late in the night and Takk-la was the only figure whose silhouette could be seen wandering the city at this time.

She walked without direction in an angry cloud. Tarrl-li was often teasing her and usually she was able to match her retort for retort, but her romantic inclinations were something of a sore spot for the orc woman. It was true that she was only attracted to humans. When she had been growing up in an orc community she had simply thought that she didn't have a sex drive. It wasn't until she was fully grown and went out into the world that she discovered her fetish. The first time she met a human man she was overcome with newfound desires. He had been a traveler that she crossed paths with on her journey out of her homeland, they stopped to trade supplies and information. The whole time he talked all she could do was stare at his lips and picture them pressed against her own. Her heart beat so fast she thought it might pop and a sensuous fire started burning in her groin. As soon as the traveler was out of sight she had ripped her pants off and started fingering herself. Her thumb gently flicked her clitoris back and forth while her fingers plumbed the depths of her pussy until the sensation overwhelmed her.

Soon after that she had stopped in a small town and "persuaded" a drunken man in a bar to fuck her. He was half blind from liquor but his dick still worked and his instincts guided him during the act. His cock thrust into her green pussy and set off new pleasure centers in her mind. She curled her powerful legs around him and humped back into him. He thought she was someone else by the end of it. He called her Martha and bit hard into her nipples. With a human girl he might have drawn blood, but orc skin is thicker than that and instead he sent thunderbolts up her spine. She started twisting and pulling on her other nipple and soon she had her first ever orgasm. After that first time she was hooked.

Sex for orcs can be quite different from sex for humans, and that always caused a bit of trouble for her. For orcs sex is about power, it's a way to establish dominance. Sex is almost like a competition where whoever comes first loses. They often have sex for pleasure as well of course, but even then aggression plays a large part. The stronger one is always on top and in charge. Of the few humans who had shown interest in her, many were put off by her aggressive approach. Almost every man she had been with had tried to take the lead at some point, which is when she was supposed to prove that she was stronger than them to keep control. This lead to a lot of confused and angry men getting their arms twisted or taking a punch or put in a submission hold. She had had one or two guys run out on her after that part, as well as a few broken bones. 

Only a few though, it was actually one of the things she loved about humans, that they can take a beating. Sex isn't fun if it isn't rough. Humans were the perfect middle ground of sturdy enough not to hold back on, yet too weak to actually pose a threat. But beyond that, she found that she just genuinely loved humans. She loved the way they smelled and the way they tasted. The texture of their skin exited her in a way she didn't fully understand. They were so much softer than orcs were, they had flabby parts that she loved to squeeze and smooth skin to pinch and run her hands over.

Even just thinking about humans as she walked the streets began to arouse her. She felt a heat from her cunt start to spread up through her belly and chest. It had been far too long since she had gotten to indulge in her "perversion" and she began to grow frustrated. She was sure that by now Tarrl-li was chomping on that jerks dick, while she was left alone and horny out in the streets.

Suddenly she realized that in addition to all that, she was very cold. The wind had only increased in speed throughout the night and blew down the street like a hurricane. How did humans live in a city this cold she wondered as she ducked into a narrow alleyway to escape the wind. Now that she was between the building she didn't even have the sparse light of the street lamps to see by. She was partially sheltered from the wind but occasional gusts still found their way around the corner and chilled her. Horny, cold, and blind, what a night she thought to herself.

She stepped deeper into the ally to get further away from the wind, when suddenly she spied a soft light coming from the other end. As she got closer she saw that it was a small lantern, and that there were several cloaked figures gathered around it. She wondered what people were doing in an ally this late at night, until one of them turned towards the sound of her approach and she saw their face.

She was a women who looked to be in her mid thirties covered in makeup. Thick blue eye shadow was smeared above her eyes while an overabundance of blush made her cheeks look like they had a rash. Bright red lipstick was applied to her lips as well as the surrounding areas, almost making her look like a clown. The only thing she wore beneath her cloak was a tight silk corset and thong, leaving her breasts exposed to the cold night air. Takk-la knew a whore when she saw one. She got closer and saw that many of the other figures were similarly attired, they were all whores most likely.

Then a thought occurred to her, they weren't just whores they were human whores. This would not be the first time that her lust had driven her to purchase company, and she figured that some fucking might be just the thing to lift her spirits. A mischievous smile spread on her face as she walked up to the crowd, she hoped that they weren't all women. The ladies of the evening had taken notice of her presence and seemed appropriately alarmed to see an orc prowling in the dark of night. They all moved to the sides of the ally to try and distance themselves from her, though none of them attempted to outright flee. It was possible their pimp might punish them if they were to leave their spot, or maybe they weren't quite as unfamiliar with orcs as she assumed. It made her wonder if Gongirr was perhaps a little adventurous at times as well.

She was disappointed when at first glance they appeared to all be females. She might be willing to fuck a human woman she thought, but she would have to be truly desperate to do so. Fortunately she didn't need to find out just how desperate she was at that moment, for upon a second inspection she spied a bulge in one of the figures tight shorts.
