 All characters are over the age of 18. If you do not enjoy stories of vampires where things such as biting, blood and mind control are not only possible, but probable, then please discontinue reading right now. If not, then continue and enjoy. Oh, and don't forget feedback is always appreciated.

********************* ************************

Twilight in early December. The cold made it easier on my nose. The world around me was filled with ribbons of smells, each wafting in different directions. Some carried on a light, chilly breeze. One such tendril seemed to grow a finger, beckoning me forward with seductive ease. I followed the trail it marked for him, clear as a candle in a dark room. 

Like a blur, I took to the trees of central park. It was an odd thing about these humans. They looked all around in dark areas for danger. Everywhere, but up. It was the same with the girl that I saw. Her blood... it turned me. It changed me in a way that I didn't want to admit. I'd never found a blood that called out to him like this one's did. Her blood smelled of roses and apple pie. I wasn't sure what that meant, but it made me crave deep within.

Flashes. I saw myself pouncing on top of her, relieving her of her humanity. Of her life. I wanted to. My weight was already on the edge of the branch as she jogged by. For a moment, her body was under the street lights. Her body shone with a slight sheen, and another breeze wafted below my nose, bringing me closer to the edge of my sanity. She passed by. Not that I couldn't catch up to her. But, she was pulling away into a small group of others. My chance was gone. But, the memory of her scent was still fresh in my mind, sending my teeth aching and mouth watering. 

I waited a few more minutes. The hunger was clawing at my mind and body. I needed to drink. Now!

I saw the first unwarranted suspect for staving off my need coming below. Someone who was wearing far tight jeans, along with a tight top. I could see perfectly down the front of her shirt. In the frigid air of December, the outfit seemed odd. But that was likely the reason that she was in such a rush through the park, heading somewhere warm. If only I didn't need something from her.

I dropped from the branch. My landing was perfectly quiet, and within the shadow of the tree. Slowly, I slipped out. 

"Excuse me, Miss? Can you help me?" I laced the words with every last bit of power and control that I could. When she turned on me, I nearly sucked in a bug. Her hair swung over one shoulder. Her scent wafted directly at me and nearly knocked me entirely into hunting mode, before I could gain control. But, the look in her eyes drew me back.

Her eyes went wide for a moment, trying to peer within the shadows of my hoody. I shrank farther back, trying to hide my odd eyes. Instead, I watched her for a moment as her blue eyes cleared and she collected herself. For a moment, her eyes flicked down, watching me. I wasn't sure what she was looking for, but her eyes lingered on my obviously slender body, even though I wore a hoody too baggy to tell. 

"Sure, why not?" She said, affording my a small smile. I'm sure she would have been beautiful if it hadn't been for the fact my mind was only focused on one thing. The prominent throb of blood, rushing through a strong vein at her neck. 

"I'm sorry." The word came out in the smallest of whispers. My mouth felt so dry. My tongue snaked out, licking the edges of my lips, and snaking back, and running across my fangs, sharp as razors. 

I didn't afford her even a second to think of a question or a response. A blur, my hood falling back from my face, as I pulled her up against the tree. My hand instantly clamped over her mouth as I glared at her with my catlike eyes. Slitted slightly, my black eyes had lost most of their reddish hue after a few days without feeding. Instead, they were black as coals. Now, they burned with a need for her. 

Our eyes connected. And like a line of energy between us, I felt my mind moving hers. Her neck slowly bent back, her face turning away. She didn't want it. Her eyes screamed with fear. I hadn't noticed my mouth open. I was panting. I couldn't wait. 

Launching forward, I bit hard. Sweet, metallic crimson flooded my mouth, and I drank deeply. She gasped in my ear. I knew not who she was, or where she came from. but here I was, slowly draining her of her essence. But, my need cried for more. Begged me for more.

Another moment, and her hand was on the back of my head, pushing me farther into her neck. Our backs pushed against a tree, our bodies pressed hard against each other, the sun finished falling beneath the city horizon. 

I was already rock hard. My body had no means to push the blood through my body, so I was always unsure exactly how my cock could get as hard as stone. But, within the tight jeans I had come to prefer in the last decade or so, I was practically begging to burst forth through the material. I still drank. The crimson now flowing slower with every pull of my body against the veins.

Pushing against her, I felt her gasp as she felt my hardness against her. A gentle nudge against her mind, and her free hand began the task of unbuttoning my pants. Finally, I pulled my mouth from the bite at her neck. As soon as my teeth left the wound, it closed over in a pair of small crescent scars where her neck met her shoulders. With nourishment in my body, I needed something more. I no longer needed nourishment as a vampire; but as a man. 

I tore quickly at the shirt that she wore. Instantly, it shredded to nothing but rags, hanging limply from her body. Her chest heaved in gasping breaths. I could smell her. She was wet enough to flood a dam, her body responding the rush of endorphins in her body. I pushed off my pants as fast as I could, before pinning this girl's arms above her head, trying not to break her, but barely able to contain my need for human touch.

The rest of her outer clothing tore easily enough, discarded a few feet away, in the shadows. Moving again, I carried her a short distance away, placing her on a dry spot in the ground. The cold had hardened her nipples beneath the black Lacy bra. for a moment, we both stared at each other. For a century, I had neither indulged in the thirst for human blood, nor the feel of another against me. But, the scent of another had pushed me beyond my control. The need was a monster within me, craving to push and take whatever it was I needed. 

Slowly, I dragged a nail over her hardened nipples. She gasped once more from me, giving me a sick thrill at the feelings I could sense rolling off from her. Her hands never stopped fumbling at my jeans, and finally I could feel them open. I pushed them off with my feet, leaving me in the finest boxers made of silky satin. My body pressed on top of hers, as I bound her hands with my own. My teeth nipped at her exposed flesh, never quite breaking the skin. 

I bit through the material of her bra, and that too sprang open to reveal milky fresh globes. Instantly I attacked, drawing at the nipple with light flicks of my tongue. My teeth raked the sensitive flesh, and her body shuddered with a loud moaning gasp. Her hips ground against mine, begging for need. I took no heed any longer. Any desire to protect her from harm was washed away by my never ending need to take her.

My boxers could no longer contain me, as I pushed against her, breaking through the material of my favorite boxers. Slowly, I pressed against her opening, my head running along the opening of her pussy slowly. I could feel her juices run along the underside of my cock, slow drops running along my length, begging for more.

"Do you want it?" I asked, my voice a hoarse growl. Vampire's are not naturally sadistic creatures. But, the thirst is often too much for most. After a thousand years of patient waiting for the thirst to ebb, it never had. That was why I had stop parting in humans. Now, I found my control broken once more, under the drug of human blood. 

"Yes." She couldn't take in enough air to give me more than a one word answer.

Instantly I slid in. She was so wet, I felt no resistance. Her body was tighter than I thought it would be, and her pussy clenched my cock as I continued to push farther inside of her. Quickly I built up pace, pushing harder with every thrust until I was sure I must be hurting her. 

Her face twisted slightly with pain, but her eyes were wide with ecstasy. Her eyes begged for more, and I couldn't wait to indulge. I bit, slightly harder than intended, into her right breast, drawing the blood and licking at her nipple. It was wrong beyond words to do, but my craving was beyond need. My mouth flooded once more as I pushed harder and harder into her. Her body shuffled against mine, her pussy clamping tightly over my cock as the first waves of her orgasm overtook her. 

In the middle of her orgasm, I pulled out, letting her crash back from it cold turkey. "No, please, don't stop." Her voice was shaking. I wasn't sure she could keep going any longer. But, her body betrayed her, as her pussy ground the length of my cock. All the same, I kept it just far enough away to stop her from impaling herself atop of me. 

"You are my drudge, my slave. You don't give me the orders." In a moment, I had turned vicious, snapping my teeth at her neck. She didn't flinch. Instead, her mouth shut tightly, her body trying to unwrap itself from within the grasp of my hands, that still pinned her arms above her head. Slowly, I teased her with the tip of my cock, slowly sliding only it into her pussy.

"Please master, I'm begging you. Please." Her blonde curls bounced hard around her face, her features twisted in a tortured picture of pure bliss. 

Her cries of mercy were all the invitation I needed, to complete the process. As I drank hard from her breast, my tongue flicking lightly over her nipple, I pushed back against her, my whole body bounding against her, reckless abandon taking over my limbs. I couldn't help but growl as her body gave another intense shudder. Her pussy gripped my cock, trying to milk it. For a moment, visions danced before my eyes. A long hallway, filled with people. The smells of girls perfume burned my nose, but one girl in particular stood out to me. Here, I couldn't' see her beauty, hidden as it was beneath a large hoody. I could neither smell that deliciously calling scent of her blood, through this human's nose. But, I now knew where to find her. And I knew how to get to her.

My thoughts were dragged back to the moment. this girl, this frail human was so close. I could feel her body begging me for the final command to release the gates and flood my pistoning cock with her juices. But still I waited. Her eyes began to roll back, her body arching into mine. Every fiber of her was pleading with me. Begging. I could hear the naughty words she shouted about me taking her cunt and pounding it harder. But, she couldn't catch her breath long enough to plead with me. 

"You will follow my every command, drudge. You will do as I order, without any hesitation. Understood?" I growled at her, after pulling my mouth from her breast. When I got no answer from her, I repeated the question.

"Yesssss!" She would have surely screamed the word, had her lungs been able to take in the air she needed. the words came out like a hiss of air, escaping those cherry lips, so dry from her passion. 

I leaned against her, shoving the full length and girth of my cock deep into her pussy. "Cum for me. Cum hard." I whispered the words gently in her ear, as I bit down at her neck, one more time, for a last taste of her crimson nectar. With every pull at the vein, she moaned louder. Her pussy surely would have snapped my cock, had I not been a vampire. Every drink was ecstasy in my mouth as she flooded my cock with her lips, still grinding against me for every last drop of bliss.

Slowly, she stopped. Finally, she came to. Her eyes were glazed over, still riding cloud nine. But, I had hardly finished. Taking to my knees, I offered her my glistening cock. Our connection so strong at the moment, I barely had to think the words Suck my cock, before her mouth was easily over the head, her tongue playing with the tip ever so gently. I urged her on with more words, ones that I had seen her head to turn her on.

"Suck it. Oh. Yeah, stroke my nice hard meat. Oh, I'm going to shoot this so far down your throat." I continued on in such a manner, my words becoming dirtier and more degrading. This girl was going again. Her hand was already playing with herself once more. I was too far gone to care she was doing it without an order. 

I wrapped my fingers within her hair, my balls already beginning to boil over. with a slight urge, I pushed her to swallow as the first shots exploded from my cock. Her sucking continued, until long after I was done. Knowing we needed to go, having waited far too long and risking being caught, I pushed her away. Slowly, she used a finger to wipe away a drop of my cum from the corner of her mouth, sucking it off the digit before turning to her clothes.

Getting the idea, I flashed over to a small shop nearby and managed to get her some clothes before returning unseen. Perhaps it was on purpose that it had been a sex store, and the shirt and jeans she now wore were tighter than her last outfit.

"See you tomorrow in school." I said, pausing. I hadn't realized that I had never even gotten her name. 

"Morgan. Morgan James." She said, that sultry smile still on her lips. "See you tomorrow, Master." The way she said it made me nearly take the rest of her. But, having not been to a high school in more decades than I care to share, I found I would need someone to show me the ropes. Besides, having a snack on hand whenever I needed, might make things a little more interesting. 

I was an odd thing indeed. I was a teenage vampire, and this is just the beginning of my tale.