 All characters are over the age of 18. If you do not enjoy stories of vampires where things such as biting, blood and mind control are not only possible, but probable, then please discontinue reading right now. If not, then continue and enjoy. Oh, and don't forget feedback is always appreciated.

********************** **********************

There was a new rush that filled my veins. It felt similar to adrenaline, pushing the human body beyond it's normal limits. But for me, it was so different. the blood of the girl last night, Morgan, was still fresh in my body. I tried to sit up in bed. A part of my smiled at the irony of the situation. Vampires don't sleep. Ever. As long as we have blood, we feel energized and alive. The sluggish ones might fall into a light trance to pass the time. I hadn't slept in about forty years. 

I pushed back the covers, another useless figure to my room. They were fluffy and warm. Not that I would notice. Changes in temperature didn't effect me. I could feel when it was hot, I could even feel the cold. But, I could also go to Antarctica and walk around in my boxers without any worries. 

I ran my fingers through my growing mop of dark hair. That was one of the thing's that did change on my body. it grew, often past my eyes at times, before I ever bothered cutting it. the time of the Beatles was one of my favorites, and the recent upsurge in emo hairstyles had helped me fit in. Now, the shaggy was look was one that I kept with well. Brushing a clumped strand of hair from my face, I got out of bed and took the twenty-three steps to my bathroom, to look in the mirror.

My eyes were pinched together slightly, set on both sides of my nose, ridged slightly from a fight before my changing, that had broken. Back then, they never set right, leaving me with a nasty looking nose. My pale features made me glow slightly, in the bathroom. Light colored pale lips were set just about my clefted chin, dead center of my stronger jaw. Oh, yeah, the whole no reflection. Load of bull crap to increase the mystery of vampires. But, every one of my features paled to my eyes. They stood out, so sharp and vibrant. They had once been a sea storm blue. But, with new blood rushing through my body, they had taken on a purplish color. Oh, and the pupils are slitted, almost like a cat. From a distance, it's hard to tell. But, up close, the slits are far too obvious. I could pass for human. But, I could never fool myself into thinking I was one of them.

Getting naked, I turned on the hot water. the heat may have made little distance, but I still loved the feel of it. Back when I was human, it was hard to come by. Some of the things that humans take for granted.

I soaked and soaped up my body. It was a mostly useless ritual. Vampires are notoriously clean. Even my feeding had left very little blood behind. I tried not to think of the warmth of the girl's blood, the metallic taste still lingered on my tongue. 

I tried not to think such thoughts. But the odd fact about that, is the harder you try not to think about something, the harder it becomes. Feeling that the relaxing shower I had hoped for was in vain, I got out and wrapped a towel around my waist. The sun was already coming up. the light struck my face, and I was forced to avert my gaze. Sun doesn't harm young vampires, especially ones that have recently fed. An older vampire without blood would burn upon the pure rays of the sun. I supposed I could thank that Morgan girl once more.

I got dressed in my normal garb of hoodie and jeans and left the house. The sun might not have burned me to a crisp like an old frying pan with some bacon, but it blinded me with its intense rays. the sounds of the city hit me like a brick wall. 

Even in the suburbs of New York, I could still hear all the cars. The city that never sleeps found a way to creep its way to its surrounding areas. Jumping into my car, a jet black, sleek 1967 Chevy impala. It was my baby. I had bought it when it was brand new, back at the end of the sixties. Turning it on, I could feel the roar of the engine straight to the marrow of my bones. Smiling, I pulled it out, whipping the wheel and peeling out of the parking lot. The cookie cutter houses flashed by in a blur of repeated images. 

I followed the pull of the blood in my body. It's an odd thing about vampire's and drudge's. There is an instant connection between the two. A vampire can count on a drudge to take whatever order is given, while a drudge knows that the connection they have with a vampire makes them safe from harm. It also allowed them to find each other, no matter the distance that spans between them.

I stopped the car outside Morgan's house, and got out. Standing by the passenger door, a simple nudging thought against her mind and I could feel her urgency to get out. Morgan came flying out the door, pausing long enough in the doorway to wave at her parents before half-running at me. I could see in the corner of my vision the curtains moving out of the way, a surly bear of a man glancing out with one eye at me. 

Lips crushed against mine in a familiar feel of soft need. My tongue flicked her bottom lip. Although my eyes were closed, I knew her father was still watching. I could almost feel the burning anger at watching her daughter make out with a hooded figure billowing from the house.

"I don't think your dad likes me very much." I said, when she came up for air. Another benefit of vampire living, the distinct lack of need for oxygen.

"What?" Morgan turned around, exposing the delicious curve of her neck to my eager eyes. She noticed her father in the window, and gave him a delicate wave with her petite hands. I followed her motion, wrenching my eyes from her succulent flesh. But, I felt awkward, standing there waving at her father, so I just let my hand drop. So too did the curtain.

Morgan laughed, pressing her body against mine. I could still see the faint lines at her neck where I had drank from her the night before. She looked at me with those large, pooled eyes, drinking me in. She knew my hunger craved for her. I could already feel my mouth salivating, my teeth practically aching to break her skin and drink fresh from her. 

I smiled past the craving, and opened the door of the car for her. "In." I tried to make it a gentle command, but she still jumped in all the same. Her skirt flipped around at the hem, popping up just enough to tease me with. If I didn't know better, I might have thought she dressed this way just to tease me. But, what I had seen of her memories, she dressed like this every day.

I took my seat next to her. Two seconds later the engine was purring and we were racing our way to the city for school. I'd been to high school once. I'd been stalking some prey back in the seventies and some cops forced me in. I lasted two, maybe three days before the thirst drove me away. 

Lost in memories, I didn't notice the hand on my leg at first. But, when a small finger touched the end of my cock, I nearly put my precious car through four mailboxes and two pedestrians out for a jog. "What the hell was that for?" I asked, looking at her.

Megan had her legs spread wide. I hadn't noticed before, but my car already smelled like her pussy. I held my breath.

"Whatever do you mean, master?" She asked. Her hand continued stroking the line of my cock through my jeans. Her legs were already spread wide, her fingers playing with her pussy, rubbing slow, inviting. 

My mouth went dry. Vampires are not well known for holding back their hunger. Or in anything. But, I had not spent a thousand years learning to control my hunger, to let it all go to nothing now. Last night I had slipped. I could just as easily have killed Morgan, if it hadn't been for my plan. My plan to meet the girl.

"Stop." I said. Instantly, her hand rested at the tip of my cock. Every part of my body screamed for me to stop the car and take her in the back seat. Somehow, I managed some control. With one hand, I pushed her legs closed. No one can imagine the agony of saying no to someone so willing.

"Who is she?" I asked? I forced a mental image of the girl in the hoodie into Morgan's mind. 

Morgan thought for a moment. I could almost see the wheels turning in her mind, as she tried to step outside her own wall of popularity to try and figure out who it was. "Ariana something or other, I think." She said, pouting slightly as I pulled the car over. I looked into her eyes with my own weird ones, and her face glazed over. Leaning forward, I grazed at her neck with my teeth, my tongue dancing over her skin.

Her body reacted. Her hips pushed up against mine. My fingers brushed beneath her skirt, her body shivering hard with lust. Her need filled the car with her aroma. Pulling her shirt to the side, I brushed her shoulder, freeing the area from hair and clothing. And then I bit hard into the flesh.

I drank hard, Morgan moaning with the endorphins that rushed through her blood. My hands moved quickly against her clit, beneath her flimsy piece of cloth she called panties. "Tell me." My voice was barely more than a growl. I needed the information, almost as bad as my body needed her blood. Her sex. 

My hands grabbed her by the waist, and I nearly threw her into the back seat, before putting my body atop of hers. I pulled her top over her head, as she pulled at my jeans. "Her name is Ariana. she used to be on the squad, but the girls were mean to her, so she left. I guess her dad took off out of town or something, and she's become a creepo in the halls ever since. No one talks to her. It would be social suicide."

Morgan managed to release my hard cock from within my pants. Instantly, I plunged deep into her, eliciting a scream from my drudge. I imagined it was her, this Ariana. All the things I had wanted to do to her while I sat up last night, came out of me now. Plowing my hard cock, deep into the pussy of this girl I barely knew, craving for it to be that of another. Lapping my tongue at the pricks of blood that welled at her neck as the wound began closing.

"Please, harder master. Take it. Please." I bit into her breast next, my lips latching onto her nipple as I drew in suckle after suckle. Morgan's body lifted, arching her back, pressing more flesh into my mouth. So much pent up energy. I needed more. I needed it all.

I pulled back for a moment, untangling my body from Morgan's. Her body heaved with need, as she squirmed for more contact with her aching pussy. I grabbed her by the waist, flipping her over onto her knees with a deft movement. I could see her weeping pussy dripping juices down her leg. Somehow, I managed to make my way down far enough for my tongue to taste her. Morgan screamed, her body flooding my tongue with more juices. 

My tongue flicked in and out of her gaping hole. Her pussy tugged at my tongue, trying to pull it deeper.

"Please master, I need something bigger." The backseat of my car wasn't exceptionally lager, and in this position, we took up a lot of room. Morgan was forced to look back over her shoulder at me, a sexy pose that released the last bit of control over my actions that I had.

I rammed my rod straight into her pussy. Her screaming moan split the sounds of the car as I started to pound my cock into her. I leaned over her shoulder, my cock pistoning hard as I dragged my fangs over her skin. I felt a shiver go over the surface of her body, tiny goosebumps popping up all over. 

"You like that, don't you slut? You like my cock deep inside your pussy." I said, sweat beaded at her forehead.

"Yes master. I like it." Her voice shook with every thrust of my cock deep within her pussy. I wrap my fingers within her long locks of hair, placing my hand on her lower back and thrusting deeper and harder. 

"Please master. Cum inside me. Ohhhhh." Morgan's pussy squeezed my cock hard. It made it hard to keep thrusting inside of her. The first sign of her cumming started, her juices leaking down the edge of my cock and onto my leg. There was so much juice. Placing a finger on her clit, I thrust the rest of the way into her pussy.

Slowly, I leaned over her, whispering softly into her ear. "Cum for me, slut." Morgan let go, her cum flooding my cock. I sank my teeth once more into her neck, her orgasm intensifying. 

"Oh master, I'm cumming. Oh, I'm cumming like a naughty little slut all over your hard cock. Fill my pussy with your hot, sticky cum. Oh, master. Master! Master!!!!" Morgan slumped forward as she passed out. Her heart rate slowed, and the flow of blood decreased. Slowly, I pulled my teeth out and sat back.

"Sit up, drudge. We still have to go to school." Morgan sat up. Her eyes were still glazed over as she tried to smooth out her clothing. At least this time I hadn't ruined her outfit. Slowly, Morgan cuddled up against me. Typically, Vampires are discouraged to stay a safe distance from their drudge. I kept telling myself I wanted Morgan just for the sex and meal ticket. But, I found myself wrapping an arm around her shoulders and holding her against my body. I wasn't sure if this was a good idea. I felt charged, ready to go ten more rounds with her, but she cuddled against my hard chest and closed her eyes. Soon we would be expected at the school. But for now, I supposed it couldn't hurt to let her rest.

Today was the day I would go to school, just another teenage vampire.