 Author's Note:

This is a work of pure fantasy.

The story contains sexual activities and situations between a man and a Cyborg girl that are to be read only by readers above the legal age of consent. All characters having sexual relations are above the age of 18. All the character names, places are made up and not real.

This is a Part 2 about the new Space Force in the year 2120. It's sort of "Starship Troopers, meets "Ghost In The Shell."

For convenience and to keep the story moving, mostly everything has been converted to English such as language, measurements and names, etc. etc.

As are most of the stories I've written and will write, if you're looking for story that goes, "They met, they had wild sex, the end" I would advise reading something else. 

I don't consider myself a writer or author, I'm a storyteller. So please take that into consideration when you read it, it should be read like someone is telling you a story. I am not now or have never been an English major, so the grammar may not be correct, but is like people really talk. I've never talked to someone that had perfect grammar. 

I write for my enjoyment and for the people that like it. And remember, this is pure fiction and fantasy.

If you don't like how and what I write, oh well. Don't read it. My feelings won't be hurt.

For those of you that do like what I've posted so far, thank you and I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it.

65rebel

Tales From The Space Force (Part 2)

By 65rebel.

She smiled and kissed him back, "If you don't take me back to the room and make love to me right now, I'm going to smack you."

Lucas laughed and kissed her once again, "Yes dear, right away."

Part 2

They went to her quarters, and once they were in, Evelyn picked him up like he normally did to her and carried him to the bedroom. Lucas grinned, "That was new."

Evelyn laughed, "I told you I wanted you now." 

She kissed him, then grinned, "Now get them clothes off so I can have my way with you." And she did, many times.

Lucas felt like a rag doll as he held her the next morning. She had her way with him and vice versa all night long. So much so, that even her power packs had started to run low and they had to stop once she ran out of lube once again.

Lucas was slightly sore as well as tired as he snuggled closer to her wondering if he could even think of getting a hardon right now. He nuzzled at her neck like he had every morning to wake her up.

She turned to face him and grinned as she saw the shape he was in. "Morning love. I'd say good morning, but I don't think that's true."

Lucas grinned tiredly at her, "Well, I'm sort of conflicted on it. It's good because I'm with you, but bad because I have to get up." 

She smiled, "You were wonderful last night." Then she giggled, "Did the refill kits come in yet? Maybe you need to see if they have a larger tank."

He grinned at her, "I have two more kits left, and the others should be on the next supply shuttle. So, we might want to take it a little easier for a few days."

He kissed her and added grinning, "I'll look and see about the tank though."

They finally got up, then went to get cleaned up and dressed. Once done, they walked over to pick up Nakamura, then went to the officers dining hall. They all talked a little to pass the time as they ate, then once finished, Lucas headed to his lab to muster his people and see the status of a few things and Evelyn went to the flight center to see what was going there. Nakamura had stayed to talk to Captain Hampton about the things they had discussed yesterday.

Lucas walked into the lab, and smiled as he saw everyone. He walked up to Ellie, and grinned as he asked, "Morning Ellie, everyone make in?"

Ellie smiled, "Morning Lucas, it looks like it. We need to go over a few things once your finished if you have time."

Lucas nodded, "I should have, I've got to contact my friend over at the Vagan's side. But I need to wait a bit to do that." 

He looked around, "Everyone got something to keep them gainfully employed this morning?"

Ellie nodded, "Yeah, just the normal things to take care of. With the fighters grounded right now, we don't have much. I was thinking maybe we could get some training in after lunch before we dismiss them."

Lucas nodded, "Good idea. Anything in particular?"

Ellie nodded, "I wanted to go over how to adjust and tune a few things with them while we have the time."

Lucas nodded, "Okay, use your own judgement and let me know if you need any help."

Then he added, "Also, if it works out and he can come here, my friend Oberon may be coming over for a visit. The Colonel wants to set up a meeting with them and asked me to talk to him to see who would be the best contact. So, I'll probably give him the nickel-tour of our lab, he does similar work."

Ellie nodded, "Okay, that should provide us with a break in the monotony. You want me to keep the people away from the lab then?"

Lucas shook his head, "No, not really. Let him see what our normal day is like."

Ellie nodded, "Okay, you ready to go over the things I was talking about?"

Lucas nodded, "Yeah, might as well, just let me top up my coffee."

They spent the next couple hours going over a bunch of things. Mainly it was things he needed to sign off on, or needed his decision to proceed. Then they went over supply requests that he needed to approve. 

Finally, he had enough paperwork, "That's it for now Ellie, unless there's something that just has to be done right now."

She shook her head no. "We went all over that first." She grinned, "I knew you wouldn't last, so I got them out of the way first."

Lucas laughed, "You know me too good Ellie, I don't know what I'd do without you."

Ellie smiled, "If I didn't keep track, the place would collapse." Then to herself, she thought, "But he sure found someone else to do things to without me." Then her little voice said, "Stop it, it's not his or her fault they found each other and love one another."

He smiled at her, "Your probably right about that. Well, I guess I better go and see my friend. If he comes, I was going to bring him to the dining hall for lunch, so we'll see you there maybe."

Ellie nodded, "Okay, I suppose Pilot Saito will be with you?" She cursed herself, that came out sort of catty, she hoped he didn't notice.

However, Lucas did catch it, sort of. He looked at her and nodded, "Yes, I was going to have her join us."

He looked at her, "Is something the matter Ellie?"

She cursed herself as an idiot, "No, I'm fine. Why would you ask?"

Lucas shrugged, "It just seemed like something was wrong, that's all. I'll see you later then, maybe."

He squeezed her shoulder and he took off.

Ellie watched as he walked out, "Damn it to hell. I've gotta stop this." She could still feel his hand on her shoulder and she also remembered how his body once felt against hers. She shook her head and went to get a few things together.

Lucas headed to the access way to the Vagan side of the complex. The complex was configured into three parts, the main human sub-complex, the Vagan sub-complex and the repair hangers between them. He walked through the hanger and greeting various people he knew and stopping to have a word with a few of his people working there. Then he headed to the passageway to the Vagan side. 

As he went through the double sliding doors, he came up to the security checkpoint. There were two Vagan's manning it and he smiled as he recognized one of them from the time he'd been here before. He grinned to himself as he remembered the look on their faces when he had told them his name and asked to see someone in their cybernetics department.

The guard he knew smiled slightly. As a people, they normally had a serious look on their faces most of the time. So, seeing him, his name was Talos, smile even slightly, boded well.

Talos came forward, "Hello Sergeant Torson." Then he looked a little closer, "Excuse me, officer Torson. That's new, is it not?"

Lucas smiled, "Yes, my Colonel decided he wanted an officer in charge instead of a lowly Sergeant."

Talos nodded, again slightly grinning, "I understand sir, our people are much the same."

Lucas grinned, "Yes, it seems that no matter the species or where they're from, it seems we are all very similar."

Talos actually grinned this time, "Yes, I've found that out myself. So, what can I do for you?"

Lucas smiled, "Actually, sort of the same reason as last time, I'm looking to see Tech-Specialist Oberon if possible."

Talos nodded, "You're in luck, I passed him through about an earth hour ago. He was headed to our repair hanger, so you should be able to catch him there. Wait a minute and let me give you a pass so you can get in."

Lucas smiled once more, "Thank you, that makes things a little easier."

Talos grabbed a pass and ran it through a scanner, then handed it to him. "Just show this to the guard at the hanger door."

Lucas thanked him, then headed back to the hanger making his way to the Vagan side and the guard there passed him through with upraised eyebrows. Normally, a human would have an escort, but this officers pass let him proceed without one.

Lucas thanked him and asked. "Excuse me, I'm here to see Tech-Specialist Oberon, would you know where he's working?"

The guard told him and Lucas thanked him again and headed into the hanger. He looked around as he headed towards the back of the hanger where a few people were standing. As he walked along, he looked at the few Vagan craft in the hanger. Their space craft was more like a small version of their bigger ships, where the Earth craft were more like one of the old earth fighter planes in design he'd seen pictures of, just a little different.

As he got closer, he grinned as he saw Oberon talking to a couple of his people, or at least that's what it looked like to him.

One of the people said something to him and Oberon turned and actually smiled. Lucas did also as he came up and they shook hands. 

Oberon liked this human; he was a human version of him. They had bonded over talking about their work and other things. He had aided him and in turn, Lucas had helped him. "Lucas, how are you? And what is this?? You're an officer now??"

Lucas smiled as they shook hands, "Oberon, it's good to see you. Yeah, my colonel thought he needed an officer in charge instead a lowly Sergeant and he didn't give me a choice. Nothing's changed really, except people call me sir now."

Oberon grinned, "Oh, I'm so sorry for you, I hope my people don't think of the same thing."

Lucas laughed, "You watch, they just might, yours and mine think a lot alike."

Oberon smiled at that, "So, what are you doing here?"

Lucas smiled, "A few reasons really, one, I think I still owe you lunch. But I really wanted you to meet the man who taught me, Doctor Haruki Nakamura. He's here visiting, and I thought you'd like to meet him."

Oberon's eyebrows went up, "The Doctor Nakamura? I should say so, we know his work, you never told me he taught you. No wonder your so good at your work. Why's he here?"

Lucas grinned, "Well, that brings up the last reason, I'm sure you heard about the crash the other day, well the Pilot is now my... well mate for lack of a better term. She's a cyborg, and she also knows the doctor well. He calls her his adopted niece, but he's also here to give her a prototype upgrade."

He took hold of Oberon's upper arm and pulled him to the side so they could talk were others couldn't hear. "They finally came up with a way for the cyborgs to be able to taste things again, and she's getting the upgrade. If your interested, I'd like you to be there when we do it."

Oberon, looked at him wide eyed, "You're not joking, are you? I'd love to attend. We've been trying for a while to do that. Are you sure your people don't mind?"

Lucas nodded, "Yes, I cleared it with both my command and Nakamura." He looked around, "We'd like to discuss something else also, but I'll tell you about that later. Don't worry, it's nothing that big of a deal."

Lucas checked the time, "We've got a about an hour or so. Do you need to check with anyone?"

Oberon nodded, "Yes, I need to tell my superior I'm going over to your complex. It's not that a big of a deal, as you said, but they do like to know."

Lucas nodded his understanding. "So, what are you working on?"

Lucas spent the next hour observing and talking with Oberon and his people while they worked on the craft. He found it interesting, then Oberon checked with his people and he got the okay to go over to the human side.

Once it was time, Lucas escorted him to his lab first. As they walked down the passageway, they both got some looks, and Lucas said, "You know, it's amazing how people act when they see us together. My Colonel was stunned when he found out I knew you and had visited."

Oberon nodded, "I know what you mean my friend. I really don't understand it that much or why either. We are allies when you get right to it."

Lucas nodded his agreement, "I can't figure it out either, you've helped us develop most of our advance things. We should be sharing everything."

Oberon shrugged, "I've never figured out our leaders either. But just like other people's we've dealt with, it was the same way."

Lucas agreed, "The everyday people like us always seem to get along, it's when you get the governments and upper level people involved that it becomes complicated. Hell, it's the same between people on my world also."

Oberon nodded, "Yes, I believe your right Lucas. Common people always find common ground if they look."

Lucas open the door to the lab and they walked in. A few of his people were doing some things in the lab and Ellie was at her desk. He turned to Oberon, "Let me introduce you to my assistant."

Ellie stood as they walked over and Lucas said, "Oberon, allow me to introduce Sergeant Ellie Stevens. Ellie, this is my friend and counterpart Oberon."

Oberon smiled as he reached out a hand to her, "How do you do Sergeant Stevens, it's a pleasure to meet you. Lucas here has told me about you."

Ellie smiled, "The pleasure is mine Oberon, and please, just Ellie will do. Lucas has also mentioned you often."

They all talked for a while and they gave him a tour of the lab, introducing him to some of the others that were there.

Finally, Lucas checked the time, "Well, I guess we should head to the dining hall. My mate and Doctor Nakamura should be there by now."

Oberon nodded and after saying goodbye to Ellie, they headed out.

They walked through dining hall doorway, and Lucas smiled as he saw Evelyn and Nakamura sitting together. He directed Oberon over and said as they stood, "Oberon, allow me to introduce Doctor Haruki Nakamura and my mate, Pilot Evelyn Saito."

"Evelyn, Nakamura-san, this is my friend Oberon, he's a tech-specialist like I am."

Evelyn smiled, "It's a pleasure to meet my mates' friend, and please call me Evelyn."

Oberon nodded, "It's a pleasure to meet you Evelyn, Lucas has told me all about you."

Then Nakamura reached out his hand, "I'm pleased to meet you also. My student here has told me of your expertise."

Oberon nodded, "Doctor Nakamura, its such a pleasure to meet you also. I've studied some of your work."

Nakamura smiled, "Well then, I hope you'll be able to attend when we do the upgrade on Evelyn here sometime this week."

Oberon smiled, "I am looking forward to it. I did not believe the advance was possible."

Nakamura laughed, "Neither did we at first, we mostly stumbled on the answer. But once we finalize it all, we'll turn it over to your people to use also."

Oberon smiled once more, "That would be wonderful, I thank you. Lucas and I we're talking about that on the way over, that our peoples need to be working together more closely and sharing info like this."

Then he grinned, "But we also agreed it was easy for people on our level, it's when the leaders get involved that it become complicated."

They all smiled and agreed with that. They went up to the serving line and Lucas explained what the different food was and helped Oberon pick things out he'd like.

They sat back down and began to eat. Oberon was a bit hesitant at first, much like Lucas had been at their dining hall. Then once he tried the different things and found that a lot of it was similar to their food, he dug in like the rest. They all carried on a conversation as they ate, then Lucas asked Evelyn, "Did you get a chance to move anything over to our new quarters?"

Evelyn smiled nodding, "Yes, I got a lot of things moved over, mainly clothes and things like that. I also packed most of your things up to, that way it won't take us so long. Neither of us have all that much really."

Lucas nodded back, "I kind of figured that. Okay then, we'll do that later."

They talked a little more, then Lucas smiled to himself as he saw Colonel Thorson and Major Harris walk into the room. The noise died down slightly as the others saw them. They walked around stopping to talk to various people until they came up on Lucas's table.

Lucas stood, "Afternoon, Colonel, Major. How are you?"

The Colonel smiled, "Well Captain, and yourself?"

Lucas nodded, "Very good sir, since you're here, I'd like to introduce my Vagan friend. Colonel, Major, allow me to introduce Tech-Specialist Oberon. He's the Vagan's cybernetic specialist like I am."

"Oberon, this is our Commanding Officer, Colonel Thorson, and our second in command, Major Harris."

Oberon stood and greeted them, "Good afternoon to you both, it's a pleasure to meet you."

The Colonel smiled back at him, "And you as well, Captain Torson here told me about meeting you. He mentioned this morning he was going to ask you to join us for our noon meal."

He smiled again, "How are you enjoying it? The captain told us he had enjoyed it when he ate at your dining hall."

Oberon grinned, "It's very good sir, or at least most of it. It's actually quite similar to certain of our foods."

Major Harris smiled, "Well, I suppose that's to be expected slightly. Your race probably influenced ours back all those years ago." 

Then she smiled, "Then again, I've found that most of the places on our world that I tried things, a lot of them were similar."

Oberon returned the grin, "Yes Ma'am, the same holds true on most of the planets we've been to."

While Oberon and the XO were talking, the Colonel looked at Lucas and he nodded slightly.

Then the colonel said, "Captain, once you finish, why don't you all come to the wardroom. I think after eating our food, your friend deserves some dessert."

Lucas nodded, "Yes sir, we'll be there in about fifteen minutes." He turned to Oberon and asked, "You have an extra half hour or so until before you have to go back?"

Oberon nodded, "Yes Lucas, I told them I wasn't sure what time I would be back. But they know how to get a hold of me if an emergency arises."

The Colonel nodded, "Very good, we'll see you in a bit then." Then he and the major head back.

Oberon waited until the colonel left, then turned to Lucas, "Ah, what is "dessert?"

Lucas smiled, "Well, some people think it's the best part of a meal. Dessert, is normally something sweet tasting, a confection. It can be anything from some type of baked sweet, to fresh fruit."

Oberon nodded, "Yes, I thought that it is what it was, we have something similar also. I just didn't recognize the word." He smiled, "Something like that is very popular with our young, though they would like to start with it."

Lucas grinned, "Ours are the same way my friend. I told you that we were very similar, I would imagine everyone's young is like that somewhat."

Once they finished up, they headed up the wardroom. They walked in, and saw just the colonel and the major there waiting for them. The colonel greeted them smiling, "I think you'll enjoy this, our cook made us something special. Dessert will be a good old American apple pie. Granted the apples are canned, not fresh, but I think you'll enjoy it."
