 Introduction

Marcus Brown cursed and hung up. How hard could it be to find a P.A.? Here he was the CEO of a small technology firm, which had a great reputation, but no one suitable wanted to work with him. God almighty did people not want a job these days? Three months of searching and he had turned up the grand total of four applicants, three idiots and one who wanted stupid money. Even the temp he had requested had failed to turn up. Not even a phone call to say she was not coming. 

His friend George had been nagging him to try a solution to his problem that George's company was working on bringing to market. George as he so often reminded Marcus had a much larger and much more successful company. The idea though sounded more trouble than it was worth and Marcus had no wish to be a guinea pig. However the more time he wasted on his search, the more desperate Marcus became. Maybe he should give it a try he thought. Especially as George had said there would be no charge for the trial period. It would be like having an intern George had said, and maybe he was correct. 

He slowly pondered the offer his friend George had made. It still sounded like a risk to him and he was not sure how he felt about it. However, right now he had no other options. Sod it he would give it a try. At least it would not cost him anything and apparently there would be some fringe benefits. That at least would make it fun; working as hard as Marcus did, fun was a rarity. George claimed that was true for all top execs hence the fringe benefits. This was the piece Marcus was really not sure about.

In the end he decided to go see George, go through his proposal in detail and then maybe give it a try. Knowing George he would not take no for an answer.

Part one

When Marcus walked into his office he found her sitting at his table waiting. He nervously looked around his office and outside, but there was no one else around. Oh great I am on my own he thought sarcastically. He called her quietly by her name; "Dai Tobor," then he sat down, and waited patiently for her to get her bearings. Marcus had been warned it might take her a few moments to understand where she was. 

To pass the time he focused on assessing the girl in front of him. She was 30-years-old or said to be. She wore a figure-hugging long green outfit. Her beautiful corduroy dress featured a bow and a belt at the waistline. The belt pulled in her waist and that did a lot to show off her curves. When Dai had walked in he noticed her red heels, these added a splash of colour to her outfit. The low cut neckline, had a big bow that helped emphasised her large breasts. Her hair was in a side parting, styled in loose waves. Her red lips caught his eyes along with the Diamond earrings. There was no question she was very attractive and had been taught to dress with style. 

At first though she just sat there and did not respond. Her eyes were blinking rapidly, a blank expression on her face, as she looked all around. It was the sort of behaviour that made others think you were stupid. It was this thought that made Dai put a smile on her face, in an effort, to look as relaxed as she could. It was right to come across as calm at interviews right? Her hands had been gripping the sides of the chair, very tightly, as though she might fall off it. So she placed them on her lap. Her expression changed from relaxed to quizzical, that felt the right thing to do. She waited to see what would happen next.

To be fair though, it wasn't like she didn't know where she was. She knew the man sitting opposite her was Marcus Brown CEO of Quantum Leaps, a small, but ambitious technology company. She understood all of that, even if she was not sure how. Most of all she knew she was there to get the internship, that George had found her and she so desperately wanted. All that was clear to her. 

It was at this point she suddenly started talking, telling Mr Brown how great it would be to work with him, streaming out endless facts about the company that she had researched. When Mr Brown spoke, two things were immediately clear to Dai, she had spoken for too long. George often told her that was a bad habit. The second and most important thing was she had succeeded.

"Enough, enough!" Mr Brown said, holding his hand up. "You can have the job." Dai could really sense he meant it, but he was strangely uneasy too. It seemed odd to her that he would be nervous about the appointment of an intern. Of course she was going to be working with him, but he must work with new people all the time right? Anyway all that mattered was he had offered her the post.

They chatted for a while about her new role. Dai would be responsible for managing Mr Brown's diary and working life. He travelled a lot so there would be a lot of arranging of flights and hotels to do. In fact he was about to take Dai with him on a tour of suppliers. This would mean they would be away for a few days. In the corner of Mr Brown's office was a large tree in a pot. It was green, and very healthy looking. Clearly it was well cared for. As Dai studied it she worked out it was a Citrus limon or a lemon tree to most people. Why would you keep a tree in your office? She guessed many people who couldn't be outside, liked to bring a bit of nature indoors with them. Now Marcus was thanking Dai for sending him her passport and was handing it back to her. She had no memory of giving it to him, and did not even recognise the document. Deep down though, she knew she had given it to Mr Brown. 

A voice in her head seemed to say. "You have the job." And of course that was all that mattered.

The next few days were a bit of a blur. Dai spent them sitting at her new desk learning the locations of all the sites they were to visit, researching how best to visit them, in the most efficient and timely manner. Next she had to book all the meetings, and then arrange the flights, plus hotels to ensure everything went smoothly. Mr Brown instructions were they were always to stay in a suite. This was an unusual request. HR had given Dai a company handbook and she had eagerly memorised it. So she knew it was company policy for employees not to share rooms. However, Mr Brown reassured Dai. In this case, he said, it was right to make an exception. He did not say why, and oddly for one so inquisitive, Dai felt something stopping her from asking. All that mattered though was their business trip was all sorted. To Dai it felt like it had only been a few hours work, but somehow four days had passed.

There was an odd moment when Dai went to show Mr Brown the plan for the trip. As she walked in, she found Mr Brown was on the phone to their friend George. She could not picture George in her mind, but she knew he was her friend and had kindly got her the interview. The two men were deep in conversation. Dai waited just out of sight. It was not her plan to listen in; she just knew it was rude to interrupt. Unfortunately though there was no way to avoid hearing everything they said. 

The conversation seemed to be about the supplier trip and Mr Brown seemed to be quizzing George.

"Are you saying I can do with Dai what ever I like?" he had said.

Whatever George said on the other line provoked laughter from both of the men. What ever was actually said, the answer to the question seemed to be yes! There was more banter including, "what happens on business trips stays on business trips."

"And she will be happy to do that," he then asked.

Dai felt Mr Brown was trying too hard to sound like he was casual about the whole thing. When she was sure he was nervous. Curiously the next question Mr Brown asked was whether everything Dai did was being reported.

Again the answer seemed to be yes. Dai had no idea what that meant at all. She did have regular phone calls with George so that must be it.

"I can stop the reporting when I need to though?" Mr Brown suddenly asked. Dai strained her hearing as hard as she could, she could not help it.

She just heard George say, "Of course. Relax and have fun. When you don't want us to know what is happening, just use the keyword I gave you."

Dai had no idea what was going on, but a voice in her head said. "Like George said relax and go with it. You trust George and therefore you can trust his friend." 

"Ok," said Mr Brown, who then after some pleasantries hung up. It was clear to Dai he was uncomfortable about something. When Dai walked in and showed Marcus the plan. Marcus jumped as though he had a guilty secret. He studied the plan eagerly; Dai felt sure he was relieved to have a distraction. He then completely overacted. Marcus nodded to every word she said, as she explained it. Very quickly he confirmed he was happy with her approach. As Dai walked away though, it was clear to her, Marcus remained very excited and nervous in her presence. A voice in her head told her to rest, the trip was nearly upon her and she needed to do a good job for Mr Brown. Yes a long rest would be good she thought.

Part two

It was a new experience for Dai to be picked up in a chauffeur driven car, but Mr Brown had insisted. It was one part of the arrangements he had taken control over. Dai was felt surprised by everything around her. Suddenly she was sitting in the back of the car with Mr Brown and they were leaving a building she did not recognise. The first thing Marcus noticed were Dai's shapely legs, and she too sensed he was staring at them. She immediately pulled her hem down. Too late, he had already noted her tight calves and firm thighs. Very nice he thought.

Marcus reviewed more of what he had been told about her. She was five foot six tall and weighed fifty kilograms. The most interesting fact he had been told was her bra size was 36DD. That one piece of information kept popping back into his head. Today her dress was very blue, very low cut and very short. Her bare legs and nude high heels had been why he had stared at her. Her dress this time had a round neckline and the sleeves three-quarter length. Her clothes were pretty figure hugging though, and could not hide those large shapely breasts lying beneath her top. Marcus hoped to see more of them.

The car journey and the flight were pretty uneventful. Perhaps she should have been excited as she reached the airport, but she was not. Dai did not want to admit she had never been on a plane before, but happily Mr Brown did not ask. She had done lots of research into plane travel, so there were few surprises, and anyway her companion always took the lead. From her aisle seat, after take off, she spent most of the time assessing Stewardess's bottoms. When Dai went to the toilet it was only to look her at her ass in the mirror. She was confident hers was better than the female cabin crew's. It had occurred to her to ask Mr Brown's opinion, but she realised this would be against company policy.

When Dai returned to her seat, she asked a different question. Mr Brown looked stunned at the query. He made it sound like he had not heard, but he must of. Anyway she reiterated the question. He hissed for her to talk quietly when she repeated her query about the "mile high club." Marcus whispered an overly patient answer. She thought about what he had said. It was clear he had been a bit embarrassed talking about it, but then she knew when ever she was close Mr Brown, for some reason, found it uncomfortable. Why people would want sex in a tiny airplane toilet cubical, she could not fathom and his answer did nothing to clear up the mystery. Of course she had never had sex, although she had studied it a lot. Actually she had researched it an awful lot, mainly because of George's insistence.

After their flight they went straight into the first supplier meeting. It went well, but then she had all the facts to hand, and so the agenda was completed several hours quicker than ever before. At least that's what Mr Brown had said with a big smile. The people at the supplier seemed pretty happy too or so she sensed. Marcus found himself watching Dai as she completed the paperwork, admiring her dark brown eyes and wonderful long hair of the same colour. Every few moments she would look at him and he would look away. When he turned his head back, he would find she was still watching him, a big smile on her face. Marcus could not help wondering what might happen that evening when they were alone together. Could the things George told him really be possible and he wondered if he had the nerve to try.

Soon it would be time to head for the hotel. Dai could sense Mr Brown was both excited and nervous about the prospect of the evening ahead. She had no idea why, surely he did overnight stops with colleagues all the time. Perhaps he was having second thoughts about the fact they were to share a suite. She would wait on him and try to get him to relax. Yes that's right a voice in her head said get him to calm down and have a little fun.

Once they were in their suite, Marcus threw his bag onto the table, slumped onto the sofa and pulled off his shoes, tucking his legs underneath him. Marcus asked her to get him a drink, whilst he phoned the office. As she sat and watched him she could sense the conversation was not going well. After he had hung up, he drained his gin and tonic and asked her to get him another one. As she mixed Mr Brown another, he ordered dinner for himself over the phone. They had agreed they would not bother using the restaurant.

They spent the evening chatting, actually Dai asked questions and Marcus answered. She felt Mr Brown drank a little bit too much. She could see his face was flushed and hear his voice getting louder. It was interesting to see the effect alcohol had though. Dai had never seen that before. Mostly he moaned about life running a company and how hard it was, how his workers did not appreciate him and how little free time he had. He was a little unsteady on his feet when she led him to bed. 

It bothered her greatly that they were breaking the code of conduct under which she was employed. There was the room, the drinking, and then the drinking too much. She considered whether she should phone George about it. However, when she had covered Mr Brown up with a duvet, she realised she too was very run down and tired. Thinking she was too exhausted to get to her bedroom she collapsed beside Mr Brown. After sorting herself out she closed her eyes. That night she saw or heard no more.

When Dai awoke she realised with a shock that her head lay on Mr Brown's chest and that he was stroking her hair. Had she put it there or had he? She lay still trying not to give away that she had woken up. She had no memory of how they ended up cuddling. 

"Is that nice," he quietly said. "You are so soft."

Obviously he had realised Dai was awake. She scolded herself for being stupid, she should have sensed he was not asleep. She sat up, but immediately regretted it. She could feel his disappointment that she had moved away. He appeared to be about to say something, but in the end he remained silent. Whilst she may have been uncomfortable being touched, he obviously had enjoyed it. She scolded herself and vowed not to disappoint him again. Forget the employee handbook she told herself.

"Would you like me to wait outside?" She said when it seemed Mr Brown was ready to get up.

"No stay here. Its fine." He replied, as he walked over to the en-suite bathroom. His back was to her. She watched him disappear and close the door, then she waited. Briefly he returned into the bedroom, wrapped in a big bathrobe. He picked up some clothes, and then disappeared again. It occurred to her that she too should get dressed. So when Marcus came out of the bathroom, he found Dai in another dress that flaunted all her assets. She certainly specialised in figure hugging outfits, but he was not complaining. He realised he wished he had not drunk so much last night. Nerves they always got the better of him.

This day set the pattern for the rest of the trip. First there was the hotel checkout, then a taxi drive to the airport, another flight, and then another supplier meeting. This meeting was finished even faster, as now she had a little practice, Dai was even more efficient. 

"Incredible how you just get through it," said Mr Brown, as they were leaving. "You know everything." Dai smiled that her efforts were being well received.

In the hotel room, once he had drunk a couple of gins, Marcus persuaded Dai to lie beside him on the bed again. She co-operated partly because it kept him away from the mini bar. They sat chatting about this and that, and then the phone rang again. When she went to get up, he motioned for her to stay and then again the conversation went badly. Dai could sense him getting cross again. When he hung up the phone, he sighed and lowered himself slightly on the bed, resting his head onto his arm. He looked up with at her, his eyes wide with what Dai felt was fear. Marcus seemed to be breathing funny. The thought once again entered Dai's head that she should not be laying there. You decided to ignore the company rules she told herself and vowed again to do so.

Dai told him he was doing a good job and that she was pleased all was going well with the trip. This was mainly because she was feeling uncomfortable at his discomfort and hoped saying something nice would relax him. He said something back to her, but strangely she did not understand, and then could not remember what he said. As a way to relax Marcus Dai placed a hand on his leg, her nails pushing into his skin. She felt him jump so she took it away again.

"That's because of your great plan," he said, wagging a finger at her, "and the fact you know so much before we even start the meetings." Dai returned her hand to his leg. This time he did not react. So she ran her fingernails over his knee and up his thigh and back down again. It did feel like he was relaxing a little bit, so each time her hand went up she went a little higher.

"Is that nice?" she said softly. She was not sure if this was the right thing to do, but she was certain he liked what she was doing, and she felt a need to please him. Mr Brown nodded.

"Good," she replied, slapping him on the leg, and then Dai resumed stroking it again, before laying her head on his chest. He began to stroke her hair again. She smiled; at least he was not angry that she had moved away yesterday. Dai reminded herself she would not make that mistake again.

That's nice," she murmured, hoping that was the right thing to say. "I feel so relaxed when you do that." She did not know why she said those words but they popped into her head. 

"Rest for a while," he finally said. Dai realised she was pretty exhausted.

Immediately he felt her fall asleep. Marcus managed to reach his tablet computer, and he pressed a few buttons, before with a sigh discarded it to the side again. He too tried to sleep but he was just too excited. It was several hours later when Dai awoke with a start, before remembering where she was. She lay there for a while, feeling warm and safe on his chest. Suddenly she had an idea. Her hand moved across his groin and she felt a hard bulge there. Dai hesitated, moved slightly to one side, and when she had checked Marcus had not stirred, she began to undo his belt and then his trousers.

Her hands carefully opened his trousers and then she ran her fingers across his bare stomach. It felt firm, but soft and cool. Her hands ran over his muscular chest and she smiled, loving being this close to an attractive, athletic man. She kissed his skin, just around his belly button. Nervously she checked again to see if Marcus had stirred. He had not. She kissed him again and then again, moving slowly so she could relish the way his body felt against her lips.

She heard Marcus whisper, "Dai Tobor listen," in a very soft tone. Clearly he was awake. When she went to get up, he raised a finger and asked her to carry on what she was doing.
