 Queen Ezana looked at the massive wall mirror in her dressing room. Her four body slaves had helped her fit into a very tight white gown and were now waiting at a side of the room. Their heads bowed down but their cocks painfully erect. The Queen silently chuckled a little. These men stay in her Royal Chambers and are always kept naked. They are often around the magnificent Queen but always denied of any release. They are lifelong virgins. Kept under watch all the time to ensure they do not even pleasure themselves. The Queen however, often copulates with her men in front of them. In some way their lifelong denial of sex brought her pleasure.

The Queen was pleased to see the reflection of her incredibly voluptuous frame draped in the tight white gown tailored as per her specific requirements. Her massive round breasts defying age and gravity threatened to burst out of the fabric. Anyway they were barely contained in the low cut gown revealing a deep and ample cleavage. Queen Ezana was well aware of the reputation of her breasts being the "best and biggest" of all. Women throughout the kingdom were envious and jealous of her pair. Men craved and wanted to fondle, suck and kiss them and were jealous and envious of the fifty three lucky men who were her consorts. The gown covered the rest of her body and flowed till the floor. She was not thin, her plump voluptuous torso proportionate enough to carry the weight of her heavy breasts. But her buttocks widened incredibly as the tight fabric accentuated the roundness of her butts. Between her long fleshy legs the most reputed or rather infamous organ was hidden. The Queen's fertile womanhood that singularly tamed fifty three men and gave birth to thirty one royal children.

Inspite of her great achievements over last three decades of her reign, the forty eight years old Queen Ezana was still shunned by many as the whore Queen. Initially, it was a matter of politics and power that she took many consorts. It was not easy politically, legally, personally and sexually, but her polyandrous union with her consorts helped her through the treacherous politics and war among the corrupt and decaying political interests.

**********

Her mind drifted off to past. The struggle had begun after the assassination of King Heidal and Queen Izanona. Princess Ezana, only eighteen at that time, was alone in her fight to ascend to the throne. Her two older brothers Prince Geidal and Prince Freidal aged nineteen and twenty one respectively, denied her a claim to the throne. Ezana loved her brothers, but she knew that she must first ensure her position as the sole eligible heir to the crown especially when a male heir had precedence. She had them urgently castrated using services of a foreign assassin. Within a week of her parent's assassination, she arranged for it. The assassin had quietly entered the Princes' quarters at night. The sixteen royal guards in charge were seduced and tricked by her into drinking a special potion which put them to deep sleep. After the assassin had swiftly gelded the two Princes, the Princess suddenly alerted the other royal guards at the opportune moment who immediately captured and summarily executed the assassin. 

The guards of the Princes' chambers slept. She remembered Captain Fetrod of the Royal Guard saying, "Princess, these men seem to be intoxicated!". She had retorted firmly, "Captain, these men slept and my brothers are wounded, that assassin almost killed them. I command you to execute them immediately, no questions asked." A reluctant Fetrod had complied as he swiftly beheaded the unconscious guards.

Then the Princess had little problem ensuring that she is crowned Queen. The High Council had ruled, and Council Master Teron had addressed the nation in the Great Collosium:

"Misfortunate had befallen our nation. On the first cursed night we lost our King and Queen. On the next cursed night we lost the Princes Geidal and Freidal as men. In view of these circumstances, in the interest of protecting our royal lineage, for the people of this great Kingdom, we rule that Princess Ezana be nominated to the crown, and the coronation of the Queen may be done at once". Then to great celebrations Princess Ezana had ascended to the throne of Asarna as the Queen.

**********

After her ascension, Queen Ezana was quick to dismantle the High Council and prohibited all political interference in her rule. Simultaneously, she had asked for the brightest, strongest and best male heirs of each Great Houses of Asarna to take a possible husband. Her reputation as a magnificent beauty was not new, but her body was getting more and more endowed as nature filled her bountifully. She spent nine consecutive days with each suitor and at the end of the day after seducing them with her charms all of them signed a treaty pact, which said, "I promise in the name of my Great House, I will marry the Queen, if she required me to, no matter what." These were all valid contracts that bind them to her.

On the day of selection Queen Ezana exercised her right and instead of choosing one declared that she intends to marry not one, but all nine of them. After some commotion and dispute, finally her charm and solid politics won them over, and they agreed to enter into marriage with her and share her.

The terms of marriage were clear. Queen Ezana as the supreme matriarch may take more and continue to take more consorts/husbands. A Queen Consort/Husband however, is bound to her for life and is strictly prohibited from marrying, engaging, congressing, copulating and courting any other woman or man. Any violation would necessitate punishment by castration or death.

The invitation of the wedding read as:

Her Highness Queen Ezana Asarna

Ruler and Supreme Monarch of Kingdom of Asarna

Weds

Lord Hedolan of House Resit, to be Queen Consort Hedolan

Lord Herin of House Degomar, to be Queen Consort Herin

Lord Terlok of House Jarmin, to be Queen Consort Terlok

Lord Kirov of House Verod, to be Queen Consort Kirov

Lord Ikear of House Budnel, to be Queen Consort Ikear

Lord Yeron of House Zeter, to be Queen Consort Yeron

Lord Gerkosh of House Cerem, to be Queen Consort Gerkosh

Lord Orlok of House Nemedit, to be Queen Consort Orlok

Lord Mielor of House Medon, to be Queen Consort Mielor

Her male harem was forbidden to all women of all ages. She eliminated any chance of sexual competition and started her marital life with unchallenged sexual monopoly over her men. To them, she was unique, the only female company for their life. The high demand of femininity among testosterone charged virile young men was countered by the short supply in the form of the Queen herself. Between her legs was the common shared interest of her men which was uniting them into a unbreakable bond.

On her wedding night the Queen consummated her marriage with her consorts, one by one. Her charms and seduction worked wonders and she was able to soon contain the jealousy and rage among her consorts. She divided them into groups of three with Hedolan, Herin and Terlok in the first group; Kirov, Ikear and Yeron in the second group; and Gerkosh, Orlok and Mielor in the third group. 

In the first stage she brought each group in one room and took turns with them one by one, while the others of the group watched. In the second stage she encouraged them into group sex. Second stage she made eye contact with a consort, while another she held and the third ploughed her pussy. In the third stage she was able to engage all of them together. 

It was Hedolan, Herin and Terlok who she tamed into this for the first time. It was about a month after the wedding. She remembers the warm feeling of Hedolan and Terlok caressing her from both sides and sucking her boobs intently as she lay on her back spread eagled as Herin frantically pumped into her pussy. Queen Ezana felt the straining wood of Herin was about to succumb, when she said to her two other consorts "Babies, Herin is about to cum in my pussy," but instead of deterring them, Hedolan and Terlok continued the sucking with even more enthusiasm giving her wonderful orgasm simultaneous to the loud groun and ejaculation by Herin into her contracting depths. As Herin withdrew, Hedolan replaced him without clean up and fucked the Queen's cumfilled cunt with vigorous enthusiasm. Herin took up the duties at the Queen's right breast. Down there the lubrication accelerated the orgasms and Hedolan came hard inside her pussy. Terlock immediately replaced Hedolan and did not hesitate to insert his rock hard manhood into her cream dripping pussy. As his cock stirred and mixed the cum cocktail inside the Queen's full hairy mound Herin and Hedolan sucked her boobs and massaged her. The orgasm she got resulted in a loud shameless cry of pleasured as her pussy milked Terlock's cock. Terlock came loudly into her adding his cream to the thick white gravy.

In the Fourth Stage of training she taught her consorts the beauty and effectiveness of multiple penetrations. It reduced her time taken to pleasure her men and they also got more chance to be with her. Also it gave her more intense and pleasurable orgasms. Vaginal and anal was less problematic, but her favourite, double vaginal required more work. The men needed to be comfortable with a much higher level of sharing. Their cocks would rub against each other and they need to fuck while another may be ejaculating inside her pussy simultaneously. She preferred one only in her anus, but recently double vaginal with anal has become most preferred usual sex for her.

In about six months, finally she had all of her consorts together in her bedchamber and fucked them all together resulting in a very messy pussy and ass which she did not clean at night and slept with. In the meantime she was pregnant with her first child. When Queen Son Deren was born, none of the heirs of the Great Houses, her consorts, knew who was the father of the child. Queen Ezana declared that he was fathered by all her consorts. Therefore her son was heir of all the Great Houses and of Her Royal Highness.

**********

Queen Ezana smiled to herself, remembering fond memories. Her consorts aged between fifty seven years (Hedolan) to nineteen years (Ferod, her fifty third consort) waited in the next hall suited for their only public appearance each year. The Queen entered the hall and went and stood in front of them. They followed her from behind. The Queen's thirty one children were also present, inlcuing the three months old daughter Asena to thirty years old Deren.

The Queen and her family of eighty four appeared in the Great Terrace to deafening applause and cheers and the Queen rose on her Royal Pedestal to address the nation. 

She announced loudly: "The golden age of Kingdom of Asarna, from now on Queendom of Asarna is about to begin...".