 During the Queen's address ceremony, the "Kingdom of Asarna" was officially renamed "Queendom of Asarna". The renaming was meaningful as it once again reaffirmed Queen Ezana's undisputed supremacy as the matriarchal ruler of Asarna. 

The Queen's address was followed by a long celebratory feast. All the ministers and high officials of Asarna attended. Of course, the royal consorts and children had returned to the inner sanctum of the Palace escorted by the Master of Harem and the Master of Nursery before the feast would begin in royal hall. The Queen wanted to keep her family away from public life as much as possible. 

The Queen always kept her personal life a forbidden secret. That did not prevent the gossips, rumours and speculations from spreading especially among envious and jealous women. Queen Ezana was well aware of the jealousy among the women in her Queendom of her power, beauty, fecundity, wealth but most of all, her exclusive harem of handsome virile men. She knew they called her whore, but also that secretly most of them fantasized having a harem like her's. Asarnian law did not allow polygamy in any form with the only exception of Royal polyandry which only the Queen enjoyed.

However, she was immensely popular among the men and was virtually worshipped by them as a sex and fertility goddess. They had named her and called her many things, but among them, some took the Queen's fancy and she had the bestowed some of them as official titles, which are, "The Royal Goddess of Asarna", "The Great Mother of Asarna" and "Mother Queen". Of course she was being called names like Whore goddess, sex goddess, and the like and also royal wench, whore queen, etc. by certain quarters, but she chose to ignore those.

At the long feast most of the male attendees spent most of their time ogling the voluptuous frame of the Queen and the massive round cleavage bountifully displayed by her tight white regal gown. Although almost all the dresses the Queen preferred to wear were cut to display copious portions of her marvellous breasts. But in the white gown the Queen not only appeared to be fertile sex goddess, it also gave her look breathtakingly divine and regal look.

**********

After the dinner the Queen returned to the inner sanctum of the Palace. Ten heavily armed hulking muscular towering men of Queen's Guard surrounded her after the dinner and escorted her with four more Queen's Escorts in the tow. The men of Queen's Escorts are muscular virile men sworn to remain celibate. Their main job is to escort and when necessary carry the pregnant queen in movable palanquin like thrones. Unlike body slaves they can go to public places with the Queen, subject to the condition that they must wear a chastity cock cage and a loincloth when in public. The Queen was in very early stages of her thirty second pregnancy and preferred to walk instead of being carrying around by her Escorts.

Before entering the inner sanctum, the Queen passed through first the Royal Nursery where not only her younger children lived but also her older children lived including her thrity years old son Deren and twenty six years old daughter Famena. The male and female sections of the nursery was also divided. All her grown up children also remained celebate. No sexual activity was allowed in the entire Palace, except the sex involving the Queen. The Queen also had a particular reason why she mandated so.

**********

The Queen dismissed the Queen's Guard after entering the inner sanctum of the Palace, known as the Queen's Chambers. The Queen's Escorts still accompanied her till the large door of her bath chamber. As the Queen entered two of her body slaves closed the large door of her bath chamber and a group of six body slaves surrounded the Queen's voluptuous frame. The body slaves were handpicked men short, thin and smaller both on the top and down there. There cocks were small but normal and functioning unlike the eunuchs in her harem. They were short also, their heads reaching upto the level of the Queen's breasts. 

The body slaves started working silently and efficiently as they disrobed the Queen. Her massive udders proudly jutted out of her white gown. The Queen enjoyed the view on the full wall mirror of the bath chamber as they continued to unclothe her and reveal her glorious voluptuous frame. She looked like a fertile giantess among Lilliputs. The thick full bush of her hairy pussy looked like a symbol of dominant femininity as a stark contrast to the submissive masculinity of the small hairless shaved cocks of her body slaves.

The Queen was help into sitting on a luxurious pot where she answered her nature's call. Her body slaves cleaned her everywhere. These men also clean her menstrual discharge as and when necessary. However, that remained a relatively rare occasion as Queen Ezana mostly remained pregnant and did not have time to have periods much.

Then Queen Ezana lied down on the royal bathtub. Ten more body slaves awaited her inside the massive bath where they soaped her, oiled her and massaged her thick flesh. Two waited at the door and the six dutiful cleaners also waited. Six more waited for her signal looking at her with hungry desire. Queen Ezana was perfectly comfortable being bathed by ten erect men. The hungry gaze of twenty four naked sex starved men hardly bothered the naked sex goddess. She took pleasure in their denial.

The bathing continued for almost an hour. After which the scented luke warm water was drained. Queen Ezana folded a finger to beckon her six lick slaves and laid on her back and spread her fleshy legs. The thick dark hair of the Queen's wet hairy snatch shined prominently between her fleshy thighs. These body slaves have their denture completely removed and they have talented long tongues. Soon all of them latched like leeches on her body. Two of them took her toes, each sucking and licking. Two of them took her breasts sucking her hard erect nipples. Two of them huddled their faces together at her groin burying their faces in her pussy.

Queen Ezana pulled her head back in ecstasy. It was her daily routine, after the fondling and massaging of her body she gets aroused and needs a gentle orgasm too release the need. The constant suction of her nipples resulted in first a few squirts of milk into the mouths of her slaves. She patted on their heads and they understood. The Great Mother of Asarna was always lactating... she has been for the last thirty years. The Queen's breast milk was too valuable for feeding to slaves and the Queen had plenty breastfeeding children all the time considering she breastfed all her children periodically and never weaned any of them.

Down at her crotch a pair of salivating tongues fought fiercely to enter her depths. They licked, sucked and flicked her clit. The well fucked pussy which takes fifty three big cocks regularly is only theirs to lick. As they worshipped her and furiously licked her pussy together, Queen Ezana finally rewarded them with a squirt of her pussy juices which they sucked and drank and lapped up. After her release the Queen got up and proceeded to leave the bath chamber. But instead of going to the narrow corridor from the bath chamber leading directly to her bedchamber, the Queen went another way towards her dressing room. The body slaves waiting to escort her to the bedchamber rushed and opened and held the door for her. 

**********

Unlike other days, when the Queen entered the dressing room the body slaves at duty were startled, for she did not come at this hour, having no need of clothes. She picked up a skimpy comfortable purple coloured satin nightdress and easily slipped in. It was very short with the hem barely covering her crotch and butt revealing her fleshy heavy thighs. On the top it opened in the front allowing space for her breasts to move and it was cut deep exposing downwards till her navel baring a full cleavage between her massive breasts. Her body was plump and voluptuous, but her heavy round buttocks and oversized bosoms gave he a natural hourglass shape.

The Queen then came out of the bath chamber, from where she came in, also to the exclamation of the four escorts who she left at the door. "Please tell the Master of Harem and the Master of Nursery, that their Queen summons them." She took only three of the escorts while the other one ran to send the word to the Master of Harem and the Master of Nursery.

Queen Ezana walked into her study chambers and dismissed her escorts to wait outside the study. This is where she spends a lot of her time. She may have an immense appetite for sex, but her heart also desired knowledge. All sorts of books and scripts were collected for her library on a vast array of subjects. In fact the Queen was one of the most well read and educated woman in the Queendom. It was no accident that the Queen was able to unify and rule Asarna through turbulent times and to peace, stability and unprecedented prosperity.

**********

The Queen was looking out of the window to the beautiful moonlight that covering the buildings on the streets of Hailo-Asarna, the capital city of the Queendom. The Queen was thinking of her subjects sleeping peacefully, leaving their worries and Engrossed in thought as one of her escorts came to the door announced, "Your Highness, the Master of Harem and the Master of Nursery are both here." "Let them in, and wait outside". The escort bowed and went. 

The Queen saw her two very familiar and favourite persons enter. The Master of Harem, bowed and quipped, "To what do I owe this pleasure O' Royal Goddess of Asarna? While all fifty three of your naked stallions in heat weep in need for their royal fat cow... umm mare?" The Master of Nursery also bowed and smiled, "Perhaps your old horses are no longer enough for The Mother Queen, you dimwit! Get her some fresh ones." The Master of Harem said, "Say the word, my Queen, I have four new perfect candidates in hand. They are all eighteen, virgins, handsome, healthy and all blessed with, umm... packages that are only 'fit' for the Queen." Queen Ezana chuckled, "Thank you Geidal, may be later. But that is not why I have summoned you. There is something else."

Queen Ezana's two brothers Geidal was forty nine years old and Freidal was fifty one. Except two very specific secrets the Queen did not hide anything from them. One darkest secret, that she is the one responsible for their castration. Her brothers were her most trusted and loyal advisors. And except for the one brutal act of selfishness and greed for power, Queen Ezana cherished them. The Queen with felt a bid sad observing their wrinkled faces and greying hair. They were getting old. 

The Queen however, has been resisting aging by resorting to a dark arcane fluid magic and she is also paying the costs. But she was not unhappy with the results. Her infamous curves intact, her body still young like a thirty years old and she remained extremely fertile beyond her menopausal years. Also, her face retained an innocent charm, as surprising it may sound and unlike a woman who beds fifty three men every night. Her beautiful fresh and young face was enough to disarm any man and make him fall in love with her.

Her two eunuch brothers looked much older. Freidal was the Master of her Nursery. He reared Queen Ezana's children as his own and he was exceptionally good with kids. Her children loved their Uncle Freidal dearly. 'He would have made a great father' the Queen wondered with some sadness as she looked at the thin tall frame of her eunuch brother. But Freidal was happy looking after her children, and she gave him plenty to be occupied with. 

Queen Ezana made her other brother, Geidal the Master of her Harem. Being a eunuch he was perfect for the job to find suitable young virgin men for her harem and train them. He enforced strict exercise and diet routine to keep them healthy, fit and muscular. Also he ensured a zero masturbation tolerance for the Queen's consorts, so that they retain horniness, stamina and thick semen for his sister's pleasure. He liked to over compensate for his lack of sex by maintaining and training her consorts and feeding the Queen's voracious appetite for sex. And it worked. Although Queen Ezana never allowed her brother inside her bedchamber while copulating with her lovers, he was able to extract stories from some of the body slaves witnessing the vigorous sex she had with her consorts every night. Also he heard the Queen's shameless load moans, cries and screams of pleasure and hair raising loud groans and animalistic cries of her consorts putting his ear on the walls of the the Queen's bedchamber.

Both of them knew, something serious is up, otherwise their sister the Queen, would not have kept her lusty horny lovers yearning and also kept her own needs at abeyance at this hour.

**********

"We are under an imminent attack" Queen Ezana almost whispered. "From whom?" Geidal inquired plainly. The Queen grumbled, "Three kingdoms from the south have conspired against us. They cannot tolerate that the powerful Queen and her Queendom is prospering. My spies say within a month their combined forces will be here. They are about 80,000 strong." "You know beloved sister, that your soldiers are string well trained, they know the terrain and will man the defensive keeps. We will able to stop them..." Geidal offered. But the wise Master of Nursery always thought of preserving life than fighting and he interjected, "You are the greatest ruler and Queen this land has ever seen. You must think of a peaceful way or at least a better way. Even if you win, the war will take its toll. Many of your loyal subjects may lose their lives if you choose to enter into a direct conflict. Let us think on it before you make this news public and the ministers and army chiefs start making battle plans. You, my sister are the Mother Goddess of Asarna. Your subjects are your children, protect them."

After some more discussion, it was decided that the Queen will meet her brothers in the same place at the same time for strategy. They escorted her to the door of her bedchamber. Four body slaves stood at the door. The Queen turned to her brothers, both looking at her with pride. Geidal said, "Your lovers hunger and thirst my sister, feed them your love and quench their thirst, fulfil their lives." Freidal smiled warmly, "Bring me more nephews and nieces, O' Mother Queen." Queen Ezana smiled, wished her brothers good night and entered her bedchamber. Two body slaves closed the outer door of her bedchamber.

**********

As a body slave helped her to easily lose the nightdress she approached the inner door of her bedchamber. She paused for moment. Her pussy was damp and tingling with anticipation. The heat and built up testosterone overdose that awaited her inside was palpable. Her fifty three virile strong lovers awaited her eagerly. A daily affair, but the prospect of breeding with so many men never failed to excite her. And each of her consorts loved her truly and deeply. She also loved them dearly, but in her heart there was always place for more. Queen Ezana looked forward to being with her fifty three true loves for the next six hours of pure sexual bliss, physically and emotionally.

Queen Ezana stepped in confidently...