 Tags: futa/cuntboy, futa/female, futa/futa, gender bender, transformation, large cock, doublecock, double penetration 

All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age. 

***** 

"Waaaaah!" 

Hanna poked me in the arm. I kept my eyes resolutely closed. But her second poke was harder, digging for sensitive areas, and I flinched away. "Ow!" 

Her voice was firm. "Your children are hungry." Her point was punctuated by the cries from the other room, plaintive and needy. 

I sighed and levered myself up, giving her my best glower. "My children?" But well, this part was my responsibility. I just wished I was getting more sleep. I sighed and walked out of the room, ducking under the door. 

* * * 

The Twin Terrors, Serena and Jasmine - thankfully, regular human looking and not like me - were sucking hungrily at my tits when I felt Hanna walk in behind me. Her hands reached up on my hips, and I let her pull me to my knees. Some midnight sexy time would take my mind off the greedy mouths that were currently keeping me from my beauty rest. 

I felt the anticipation building, and I bent over further, presenting myself to her. Her hand moved in between my legs, but she was hesitant, not forceful as normal, and I peered over my shoulder. "Babe? You ok?" 

She looked exhausted. But what really concerned me was the pole between her legs. I couldn't remember the last time I'd seen it limp in a situation like this, and her stimulation didn't seem to be making a difference. She frowned, then pulled back. "I-it's nothing. I'm just tired." 

Then she fled back to our room, leaving me unsatisfied and worried. 

* * * 

I examined her in the morning. She looked... well, horrible. Paler even than right after the Change, dark circles under her eyes. And she was on her third cup of coffee and still listless, which was just unnatural. I tried to keep my concern from showing. 

After bundling the kids off with Hanna's parents, who were being kind enough to give us a day off, I walked back in and picked Hanna up. She protested half-heartedly, but I carried her back to our room and tucked her into bed. Then I turned to the answer to all of life's problems. 

Google. 

* * * 

She stared at the printout in front of her. Then she closed her eyes and let her head thunk down to the table in front of her. I frowned. "Come on, it's not that bad." 

She rose up blearily and stared at me. "Are you kidding? They're actually calling me a dickvire! It's such a horrible name!" 

I snorted - and minotaurs give damn good snort, believe me - and rubbed her shoulder. "Deal with it. The important thing is that we know how to make you better." 

She sighed, and her voice was dull. "Yeah. I have to steal another guy's dick and knock him up." She put her head down into her arms. "I'm going to end up with a harem, and tons of kids, and I don't have money for this shit and it's all bullshit-" 

I cut her off. "Actually, I have a plan for that." I handed her the third sheet and started talking. "So if you look at these other reported abilities..." 

It took some convincing. But eventually I talked her into it. 

* * * 

For the first time since the Change, I felt small. 

He stood at over thirteen feet. A stereotypical demon - horns, tail and wings, bright red skin, clawed hands and cloven hooves. And a three-and-a-half foot cock that hung between his legs. He looked incongruous, totally out of place standing in the forest clearing we'd arranged for our assignation. 

He was staring down at Hanna. When he spoke his voice was deep and bemused. "You? I'll rip you in half." His gaze shifted to me, and I froze. He licked his lips. "That one over there is more my... appetite." I shivered. Maybe this had been a bad idea.   

Hanna sauntered forward, moving between us. I almost didn't recognize her, cock retracted, makeup and a spray tan making her bright and vibrant... or maybe that was the giant dick her gaze was locked onto. Either way, she didn't look anything like normal. Her voice was calm and commanding. "She's just here cause she likes to watch. Trust me, I'm the one you want. I'll handle that big boy just fine." Her voice had a bit of a purr to it, and I watched as he reacted, looking down at her. His cock started to rise up, and Hanna moved. 

She walked forward quickly, reaching out and digging her hands into his cockhead, and he grunted in surprise. Then she was kissing it, working her tongue into the slit, and he moaned in pleasure. I held my breath as one giant hand came around and cupped her head, but he didn't grab or attack, just holding her there. He glanced at me, and I remembered my part. Trying not to look nervous I sat down and reached one hand between my legs, and started masturbating. 

I saw it happen thirty seconds later. His eyes went unfocused, and his hand dropped to his side. And Hanna... changed. I stared, fascinated. She was like a snake. Her mouth expanded, huge, her head growing to fit around the cock that a second ago had been bigger than it. And slowly she started swallowing him down. 

It should have been horrific. It should have sent me running, screaming away. Instead, I just felt myself getting wetter at the oddly erotic display, and I sped up my fingers. My breathing was harsh. 

She had half of him down her throat when the other changes started, and I felt a bit relieved. We'd known this was possible for other dickvires, but we hadn't been sure Hanna would be able to. It was subtle at first, hard to spot, but I watched his horns against the treelines and then I was sure. He was shrinking. And Hanna was growing. 

It sped up as she got more of him into her. I could see his face flicker as he fought her magic, but anything sympathy I had was squashed by the knowledge of what he'd done. There's a reason we'd picked him for this. I could see their sizes change each time, in tune with Hanna sucking greedily at his length. 

My pussy was damp and I needed something in it desperately. I pushed one finger inside myself, quickly followed by another and a third, then started fucking myself in time with them. I brought my other hand up and squeezed one of my heavy breasts, groaning as I felt my milk start to leak out. 

She had all of him in her mouth now, and for a second they were equal in size at around 10 feet each. By now he had partially recovered and was panicking, pushing at her head, but she had the power now and she fended him off easily. His cock had started to shrink, and with her greater size she was starting to look more normal... well, normal for a reddish she-demon. I watched in awe as a long forked tongue flickered out, gathering his balls and pulling them into her mouth as well. 

She was bigger now and she pushed him into the ground, spreading his legs. She barely looked distorted at all. He shrunk down past my own size, crying and arching his back, and I saw the moment when he switched. He stopped, now only 7 feet tall with pale red skin, and now she was in him, her tongue working his new pussy roughly. I moaned, frustrated and jealous, and pushed my full hand into myself, working in and out, alternating on my breasts with my other hand as I felt my climax approaching. 

Hanna was huge, not quite as big as he'd started but still just over 12 feet. I could see his old cock as it slowly pushed out of her, obscenely out of place next to her more feminine hips. His hands were still on her head, but he was pulling her closer now, not trying to push her away, his cries filling the clearing. Her mouth was locked to his crotch, and I groaned as I imagined her huge tongue filling me instead. I fell flat on my back, lifting my crotch in the air so I could get more of my hand inside. 

He screamed as he came, his voice high and feminine, and I shook as my own orgasm crashed over me. I let myself fall to the ground and just stared up for a moment, shaking and trembling. Then I turned my head to watch. 

He was thrashing on the ground as Hanna kept him going. Finally she lifted her mouth off of his crotch, and I shivered as I saw her tongue, easily two feet long. Her hands looked huge against him as she grabbed him around the waist and flipped him over into his hands and knees. He turned pale and I saw his eyes go wide as she flopped his stolen cock down on his back. It stretched almost to his head. 

Her voice boomed out. "Edward Simon VanWicky. Now for the sins of your body, you will suffer." I stared. She sounded... different. Very, very different. She lifted her head, and I saw the demonic fire in her eyes. 

Well, fuck. 

* * * 

I watched in a daze as Hanna - or possibly the demon possessing her - fucked the royal shit out of Edward. She had unloaded into him once but showed no sign of stopping, each thrust clearly visible as it distorted and distended his entire body. He'd given up early on and was just lying there collapsed. I froze when she - he? - turned to stare at me, licking her lips. "Are you waiting for me, little morsel? How convenient. Just a few more hours with this one, and then it will be your turn." 

I gulped. But it got my brain working. I had an hour... maybe two. Hanna was possessed by a demon. Or turned into one, I wasn't sure. But I had no idea how to get rid of demons, which left me only one option. Time to try Google again. 

I wiped my fingers off, then pulled my phone out of my pants where they were lying next to me. I'd try "How to get rid of a demon." Hopefully that would get me somewhere. I hit search, and then stared. 

And then slowly reached out and pressed the call button. 

* * * 

"What kind of dickvire?" The voice was calm, bored. I could hear her typing in the background. 

"Uh. Sucks dicks, steals them, knocks up partner?" I dimly recalled reading about the different types, but hell if I could remember them right now. 

"Does she sparkle in sunlight?" 

"...what?" 

"I'll take that as a no. And she's currently possessed by a seventh level demonic lord?" 

"...if you say so." 

"You're the one that described it. Now, we'll get a technician out in the morning-" 

I interrupted. "Whoa! No, I need help now, or I think I'm next." 

She sighed. "Calm down, sir. Everything's going to be fine. All our techs are currently off hours. Now as I was just saying, you need to set up a containment and she won't be able to touch you, and then we'll be out later to free her. Now this is your girlfriend, so things are a bit different. Here's what you have to do..." 

I listened with growing disbelief as she talked. I turned and physically stared at the phone. 

"You have got to be shitting me." I closed my eyes. "Ok, repeat that again?" 

* * * 

Step 1: Blood circle. Apparently the circle part is symbolic or something. According to the oh so helpful Nicki, that meant I only needed three points to define it. I waited until Hanna was especially busy plowing Edward into next week, then bit my thumb hard. I put one behind and to her right, and one behind and two her left. Then I took a deep breath and walked in front of her. 

She looked amused until she saw my bloody thumb and saw me press it into the ground, and then she stopped. The look she gave me made me want to run and hide behind an army, but I didn't have one available so I stood up and got ready for the next part. The fact that the demon was taking this seriously was oddly reassuring. 

"What are you doing, morsel?" There was no hint of Hanna in his voice now. He dropped Edward to the ground, who flopped to the side as the demon's massive cock slid out. The demon started slowly walking toward me. 

Step 2: Binding. I'd expected Latin. Nicki had given me... something else. But according to her what mattered most was intent. This was the part that was going to make me feel like an idiot if it didn't succeed. Ok, I was going to feel like an idiot either way. But the demon was getting close, and I had no time. Intent. Right. I concentrated, then started belting it out. 

"We're no strangers to love! You know the rules and so do I!" To my shock, he stopped. A look of indescribable pain formed on his face. I was simultaneously emboldened - it was working! - and yet... it was Hanna's body and face showing the agony. But I had to get through it, and I forced myself to concentrate on the lyrics Nicki had given me. 

By the time I hit the chorus and the "Never going to give you up" the demon was on his knees, rocking and moaning. I felt the circle lock in as I finished it, but mindful of Nicki's warnings I ran through the rest of the song. By the end I felt I'd run a marathon. 

The demon slowly pulled himself to his feet. He walked over to me, and I watched bemusedly as his horns hit the invisible wall and he stopped. He stared at me malevolently, and his voice dripped venom. 

"That," he stated, "was evil." 

* * * 

As you can imagine, I didn't sleep great. So I was wide awake when Nicki showed up at 9 AM. She appeared to be a normal human, which made me distrust her instantly. And also... I narrowed my eyes at her. "I thought you said all the technicians were off hours." 

She smiled at me. "I'm not a technician until daylight. So let's see your - whoa!" She stared in awe at the demon. "Holy shit, Asmodeus. Looking fine." 

The demon scowled. "Nicki Flowerblossom Anderson. I should have known it would be you who inflicted the Astley upon me." 

She shook her finger at him. "Now, now. It's just business, you know that." She reached in her bag and took out an empty peanut butter jar. She unscrewed the lid, then placed the empty jar right up against the circle while the demon and I stared. She stood and crossed her arms. "Now, are you going to be a good demon and cooperate, or do I have to get ugly?" 

He narrowed his eyes at her, flames shooting up. Then turned and grabbed Edward, putting one giant hand around his throat. Edward woke up and moaned in terror. He was looking much less bloated than last night - now he just looked ready to give birth. The demon's voice was calm. "Free me, or this one dies." 

Nicki rolled her eyes. "Now, Assy. You know better than that. You're going in the jar no matter what. But if you cooperate and don't horrible kill and maim that guy, I'll make sure you end up in California." He cocked his head as she continued. "I'll make it a beach. Lots of hot chicks." 

He stared at her. "And if I don't?" 

She leaned forward, voice hard. "Wisconsin." 

He flinched. Then, with a sigh, dropped Edward and walked forward. He frowned at the peanut butter jar. "I wish you had a different vessel for me. That's so... undignified." 

She waved him off. "Oh, shush. Ok, ready?" He nodded reluctantly. "IN." 

Her voice went straight to my hindbrain. I'd taken four steps forward, ready to dive into the jar, when I realized she wasn't talking to me and I flushed. Then the sight before me froze me in my tracks. Dark essence streamed out of Hanna, leaving her mouth and eyes and funneling into the jar. As it came out she shrank, her stolen size leaving her. It took a minute, maybe two, and then she was back to her regular self. Plus three and a half feet of demon dick sticking out of her crotch. 

The jar, now black as night, shrieked in fury with the sound of a thousand chipmunks on helium. "My cock! She stole my cock! Let me out this instant!" 

Nicki snorted. "Duh. She's a dickvire. Don't worry, I'm sure I can find you a nice lesbian." She walked over to it, ignoring Asmodeous as he ranted, and then waved me over. "Hey, come hold this." 

I frowned as I knelt. "Uh, what do I do?" 

She brandished the lid. "Just pull it off slightly so I can seal him in. He's a bit upset at the moment and might try to get away. Now on three, right?" She winked at me and held up two fingers, and I nodded back. 

She counted, and on two I shifted the jar slightly. She swiftly moved the lid over, and I almost dropped the jar as it jumped in my hands. But she swiftly turned and sealed it, then held it up triumphantly. "Tada!" 

For a moment, we stared at the jar and listened as Asmodeous explained all the ways he was going to torture us. There was a lot of dismembering involved. I shuddered. "I'm never going to be able to watch Alvin again." 

She nodded solemnly. "Hazards of the job. Just like very small children make me wet my pants now." She shrugged as I stared at her, then tossed the jar into her backpack and gave me a small wave. "Well, you should be able to rescue your friends now. Toodles!" 

I watched her walk off, then turned as Hanna groaned and sat up. She stared at her cock, then Edward, and then let herself fall back onto the ground. "Crap." 

I sighed and went to get the car. 

* * * 

I walked down the stairs. Hanna was flopped out on the couch, and cracked an eye as I approached. "Well?" 

I shook my head. "Still out of it. I put him in the guest bedroom for now. You called your parents?" 

She nodded. "Yeah. They'll keep the kids for a while longer, but mom says we owe her another set." I grimaced - inlaws hungry for more grandchildren were the last thing I needed. 

I lifted Hanna gently so I could sit behind her, but had to duck as her cock swung at my head. I tapped her shoulder. "I thought you were going to put that thing away?" 

She frowned and poked it. "Tried. It's being obstinate." I couldn't help but stare again. It was... insanely large, protruding almost a foot over her head. She cuddled into me, and it pushed into my tits. I swallowed hard. 

Hanna looked at me sharply. "What was that?" 

I did my best to look innocent. "Nothing." 

She twisted, and her cock rubbed against me through my shirt. I bit my lip, and her eyes narrowed. "Something bothering you?" She stretched, pushing into me, and I saw the glint in her eyes. 

I rolled my eyes and sat back. "That's not very nice." 

"Mmm." She twisted in my lap, and her cock tapped my cheek. "You know what else isn't very nice?" I stared down at her like a cow looks at an oncoming train. She ran her hand up her cock. "This thing is way too long for me to suck myself off now." Her eyes met mine. "Guess you're going to have to do it for me." 

My lips parted involuntarily. She flexed her hips slightly, and the tip drifted into my mouth. It was almost too large, and I moaned as I closed my lips around her. I shut my eyes and just let it sit there, the sheer weight and size making me simultaneously horny and afraid. Tentatively, I ran my tongue over the head, and I felt her tremble. I started to relax my throat. And then I was choking, eyes bulging, as Hanna pulled me down roughly. 

She had my shirt twisted in her grip and was pulling me down. I fought reflexively, but she had her strength back and it was no use. Down a foot, two, feeling my throat distend around her as she forced her way into me. Then she grabbed onto my horns, took a better grip, and started fucking my face. 

She had me almost bent in half, and I could barely breath, but I made myself relax. There was no point in fighting her when she got like this, and besides. My panties were absolutely soaked. I just concentrated on getting through it. 

She released my horns, and I straightened up, gasping for air. I didn't get it. She followed her cock up, bouncing up to stand on my legs. With me sitting her crotch was almost lined up to my mouth, and she wasted no time in shoving her cock further down my throat. Less than a minute later I felt her giant balls slap my neck. 

I expected to be in this position for quite a while, so I was confused when she pulled out before even coming. She stared at me, breathing hard, as I coughed and tried to fill my lungs. Then she grabbed me again, hopped down, and pulled me to the floor. 

She pushed me forward and I collapsed partway into the chair, knees still on the ground, my weight on my tits against the cushion. I had a moment to reflect on my position. Then I spread my legs and thrust my ass in the air toward her. 
