 Ever since I was a child, my head had been in the clouds. Everywhere I heard voices, whisperings, and felt the presence of invisible ones. Sometimes I would feel tiny prickling's on my cheeks as I ran through the forest. The lake would sparkle and murmur to me of ancient mysteries. My favorite maple tree would lean down on a warm day and fan me with one of its branches. I spent many afternoons communing with the Druids of that Tree. 

When I turned thirteen years of age, my Mother and Grandmother came to me solemnly and with Ceremony. It is time, Child...they said...you are becoming a woman and it is time to put childish things aside. Come with us and learn our Ways...

Mother and Grandmother led me into the potting shed. I was astonished. Vats of herbs, potions and bubbling pots of strange and vile smelling liquids were all over. Vines were hanging over the walls and strange and exotic flowers were blooming from them. My eyes widened as I took in several animal claws and roots strewn about. There was a shimmer in the air that I did not understand. But my head felt clear and I felt a stirring in my heart and my hands. 

Over the years, my beloved Mother and Grandmother taught me the Ways of the Wise women. I learned how to birth babies, concocting herbal remedies to ease the pain of childbirth. I learned to mutter Magickal words to encourage the crops to grow and to leave offerings to Demeter. I learned poultice-making, Divination, Scrying, the phases of the Moon and the ways of the Triple Goddess. I embraced the Tree-Spirits and danced with the Fairie-Flowers. I was happy. 

Many years I studied, at the knee of Mother and Grandmother and on my twenty-first birthday, they gave me my very first Grimoire. We sat under my favorite Maple tree that was lush and pulsed with life. The smell of wildflowers intensified. The little folk danced around our feet in delight and we laughed. The sun shone upon us like a Blessing. I received it with reverence and promised to care for it always. Mother and Grandmother exchanged a look...and a strange chemistry and energy passed between them. 

Mother traced a strange symbol in the air that I had never seen before. Grandmother lit her Censor and began to chant in a language I had never heard before. Both women raised their arms to the sky and began to dance in erotic rhythms that shocked me and titillated me at the same time. I began to feel warm. 

"Eros...Hera...Ceres...Himeros...Aphrodite...Pan...Dionysus, come to us...be with us...embrace us, fill us," Grandmother sang and my Mother slipped her silken gown off her shoulders. I started back, because I was lost in the reverie of my own thoughts and the spell that Grandmother was weaving. Suddenly the air was heavy with lust and pulsating with want. Mother knelt before Grandmother and lifted her skirts. To my consternation, Mother buried her face in Grandmother's slit and began to tongue her bushy sex and moan. I blushed but involuntary stood frozen like a Sylph who Narcissus was trying to seduce. I felt a wetness in my flower-petals that trickled like the lake that was bubbling serenely in the sunlight. 

Grandmother flung her clothes off and laid back in the downy grass as Mother lapped at her secret place. She received Mother's loving ministrations and was fondling her own mature breasts that I was staring at in wonder. My own Mother was frantically tickling my Grandmother's vaginal hole and my Grandmother was crying out in ecstasy. My Mother's robes were in a pile on the ground and she was frigging herself and rubbing her little button that I could see hardening before my eyes. 

I didn't know what to do. I had never seen such goings-on and I was experiencing a feeling that I had never known. Mother reached out her hand and drew me into the comfort and sensuality of their writhing bodies. She kissed me on the lips for the first time, slipping her fragrant and velvety tongue into my mouth. Without me realizing it, Grandmother had gently slipped off my Initiate robes and was stroking my thighs and breasts tenderly and crooning to me. 

"My dearest child," she cooed, "Let us love you and show you the ways of the Witch. We are a Fertility religion and we embrace the Horned God to bring us Eternal Life. We channel the Goddess and bring forth the Essence of Lord and Lady in our Earthly body"

Grandmother tenderly cupped my breasts which were starting to harden. She nodded to Mother and Mother spread her cloak upon a patch of poppies that had sprung up from the ground by Magick. Mother then began to make love to me...kissing my lips, caressing my body, which was starting to long for her touch. I began to gasp as my Mother touched my tiny rosebud tightly curling with her searching fingers.

She gently spread my flushing pink folds and began to trace circles around my sex that was opening to her touch. Grandmother began to chant again and raised her Athame to the Sky. Mother slipped her finger into me and caused me to cry out. She suckled at my aroused breasts and began to pulsate her finger inside my tight love entrance. I began to move my hips in an Ancient Dance as old as time. Mother started to lick and suck at my blooming cunnie and I began to move my hips trying to get her to lick deeper and harder. 

"As Above...So Below," Grandmother chanted, fondling herself and caressing both my Mother and I..."The Horned God, He comes!" she cried out. She cast circle with her Athame clockwise and poured salt around the edges. Mother's tongue and lips were moving faster and faster against my tiny Love-spot and I arched my back in passion. I heard the pounding of hooves come into the forest but I was too far gone to care. 

A man stood in our clearing, his Saturnine features indistinct in the fading light. My Maple tree drew his branches around me in a loving protective embrace. I was pulsating with passion and exploding in feelings that I had never experienced and were waves of emotion and spasms from inside of me. "Ohhhhhhh," I exhaled in pure bliss as I opened my legs wide to receive my Mother's fingers inside of me causing me so much pleasure.

I felt a shadow and a strong Masculine odor and presence filled my nostrils and my mind. Pan knelt before me with his large phallus in his hand. Grandmother gave him her Chalice offering of Mead and he drank it thirstily. With a mighty thrust, he buried his Godhead inside of my Womb. I cried out initially in pain at the size of his Giant Phallus but almost immediately was overcome by the feeling of pleasure and excitement. Mother and Grandmother knelt before Him in worship as he lifted my weak and trembling legs and put them about his muscular waist. 

He thrust...and thrust...and thrust...sometimes slow, sometimes with a faster stroke that had me screaming in pleasure. I felt my Womb opening to accommodate him and I saw the Chalice and the Athame floating in the Air above me. Mother and Grandmother had their heads buried between each other's legs and Pan planted his Seed into me with a Mighty Roar. He collapsed, his mighty strength and Feral expression softened and satisfied. A trickle of his Ambrosia oozed from my leaking vagina. Grandmother sucked it into her Mouth and drizzled it in my Mother's open mouth as they both chanted:

"He is the Radiant King of the Heavens, flooding the Earth with Warmth and encouraging the hidden Seed of Creation to burst forth into Manifestation. Blessed Be!"

I awoke in the soft-whisper of Night, under the Full Flower Moon of Beltane. Luna smiled down upon me as the creatures of the Night cuddled close to my Skyclad body. I was awoken to the Joy of being a White Witch.