 Isolde leaves her home and sets off on her own

My son, Faun, had turned 5 years old and was a sturdy, happy little boy. He spent most of his time in the forest, communicating with the creatures and chasing the wood-nymphs. Mother and Grandmother had continued to teach me all that they knew. But it was time for more to explore the world.

Mother and Grandmother bid me goodbye as I gathered my worldly belongings and prepared to leave our humble home. Faun clung to my skirts and I hugged him fiercely. I felt nostalgia for leaving our humble town, but I felt the call of the Wild God inside of me and knew I was to do great Magick in the world. I left at Sunset and headed east. Hermes watched over me as I crossed forests, and the Black Sea. I stopped to refresh myself from sparkling springs as the Water Sprites smiled at me. I ate of the land and slept peacefully in the tall grasses of the mountains. I was filled with purpose.

I arrived at the gates of a sparkling and mighty city. "Who enters?" called the Guard. I answered that I was a Healer and a traveller who was seeking shelter. I was immediately taken to Hecate's temple where I was given sustenance and sparkling wine. Servants of the temple attended to me, bathed me, massaged my tired limbs and fed me exotic fruits and meats. I drifted into a dreamless sleep in the luxuriant silken couches that they led me to. 

I awoke to a young woman bending over me, smoothing my hair. Her dark and flowing silky hair cascaded over her bare full breasts and she wore a Diadem of beautiful jewels. "Welcome, my sister," she breathed, "I am Medea, daughter of King Aeetes. Love and Light! Welcome to Colchis."

I could feel raw power and Divinity radiating from her smooth brown countenance. Kindness radiated from her but also strong Sex Magick. I sat upright as she hugged me with love in her heart. She showed me to a fine room within the castle and invited me to a feast that evening. I gratefully accepted and set up my altar.

Servant girls came at dusk to dress me and attend to my long flowing blonde hair. They lovingly exclaimed over my beautiful and fondled my round firm breasts. I heard giggling as they were playful with each other. They took me into a large hall where the King sat on his throne to receive me. 

I had never met a King and I was in awe of his Aura. Such a Majestic stance and air was about him and he held his scepter well. He welcomed me at sat me at his own table, with him on the one side and Medea the other. He confided in me that his daughter had been lonely for friends, as she was royalty and needed to be amongst her own. I protested that I was only an ordinary Witch and she was Divine, the granddaugther of Helios, niece of Circe. He smiled and Medea shyly held my hand under the table. I was gladdened by her affection. 

The next day, Medea took me to the Temple of Hecate to worship. She explained that she was a High Priestess of the Goddess. She was pure and chaste, dedicated to serving women. We knelt before Her, left her offerings and bowed our heads in prayer.

Medea and I began to spend our days and nights together. We confided in each other about our lives, our dreams and our journeys. She was quickly enamoured of me, and me of her. I was happy staying in the castle, surrounded by luxury and my best friend.

One night, we cuddled each other close and whispered, "I love you". In the deepest silence of the night, we began to make love. She stroked my breasts and cooed at my hardening nipples. I kissed her body and stroked her silken mound. The candles flickered in our chamber as we drank of each other's essence. Gentle kisses were rained upon me she took me into her arms and drank of my flowing Chalice. She brought me to the edge so many times with her gentle but insistent tongue. I put my fingers inside her vagina, marveling at the tightness of her tiny Grecian pussy. She cried out hard, muttering words of Love" We clung together, making each other climax over and over. I woke in her arms with her hands wrapped around my full breasts. I was in Love.

From then on, we were inseparable. We ran in the forest with Diana, she taught me the Dark arts of Hecate. She taught me the difference between the Healing plants and potions that ones that Harm. I had never been so happy, to have a partner at last, who I could confide everything in. We brought each other to new heights of passion every night. I felt incredibly alive. 

One morning, I awoke to the sunlight streaming in our silken bed and she was not there. I searched the rooms, calling out for her. I entered the Temple, bowing to the statue of the Goddess with fear in my heart. "Where is my heart?" I cried out, prostrating myself. "Where can she be?" The Goddess began to shake and pour smoke. 

"She is gone," Hecate spoke through the Statue's mouth, "She has fallen in love with a human man and left us." I cried out in disbelief. Medea had met a young man, Jason and fallen obsessively head-over-heals for him. She had left Colchis because she divined that if Jason obtained the Golden Fleece he would be King. She set sail with the Argonauts using her powers to help them because he promised her marriage and children. I sank to the ground in terrible grief and begged Goddess to help me get her back. 

"It is not my place," Hecate said, "She has her own destiny to fulfill and so do you. Stay with me, Isolde, and learn from me. It is your Path to be a powerful Healer and Sorceress and to spread Joy and Sexual Pleasure throughout the Land. Blessed Be."

And so I stayed for a while...to be continued...

~sexynursechef~