 Tags: futa/cuntboy, futa/female, gender bender, transformation, pregnancy, large cock 

All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age. 

***** 

A lot of people got shafted by the Change that swept through humanity. They either didn't get much, like my girlfriend Hanna who just has slightly paler skin, or some even have detrimental effects. I've heard of people who lost their mind and are basically animals, who no longer have limbs, or who went blind or deaf because of the monster they Changed into. 

But me? I hit the fucking jackpot. Minotaur. 

In high school I was the stereotypical nerd - skinny, lanky, short. I wore glasses, I hated gym, and I had no luck with women. But now? Now I'm eight feet of ripped muscle. I can lift a car, or at least part of a car. But the best part is below the belt, where I went from barely average to destroying the curve. 20 inches of rock hard, incredibly thick bull cock, and the balls to match. I've made women faint, and that's with my pants on (well, my improvised loincloth). Of course, that kind of size has a few downsides... 

* * * 

Hanna reached out hesitantly and gripped my cock. Her voice was full of awe. "God, I can't even get my hand all the way around." What followed was more tentative. "I don't... I don't know if this will work, Mike. I mean, I'm just a regular girl. Well, probably." 

I didn't say anything. First, she's right, and there was no way we were going to have actual sex any time soon. Hanna is a blue-eyed, brown-haired girl, but most of all she's petite - just over 5 foot - with very fine, almost elfin features. My cock looked ridiculous next to her. But second, and most importantly, I didn't say anything because I was pretty sure I didn't have to. She was trying to hide it, but she'd been staring at my crotch all day, and she was practically salivating now. We'd only been dating a few weeks before the Change, and had just fooled around a few times. But ever since she saw me yesterday she'd been acting like a shy schoolgirl, averting her gaze and stammering whenever I was in the room. Part of me was hurt - obviously my original form hadn't really done it for her - but now I was relishing my power over her too much for it to really bother me. Third, with my enhanced senses I could literally smell her arousal now whenever she saw me. And since she'd been the one to suggest we play around today and had dragged me into bed, I decided to just sit back and let nature run its course. But maybe I'd give it a bit of a push - I concentrated and flexed, and she gasped as my cock twitched, pulling her hand several inches with it. 

Her eyes were wide as saucers now, locked on my dick, and it looked like she wanted to devour me. And her stammer was back. "M-maybe we take it s-s-slow?" 

I reached my hand around her back and carefully pulled her into my side. She felt incredibly fragile now, delicate, and I was still learning my new strength. I kissed her forehead, grateful again that the Change had also seemed to modify everyone's perception of normality and beauty. Otherwise I'm sure she'd be freaking out over being kissed by a giant brown cowman right about now. I kept my voice gentle. "Sure babe, whatever you want. Just say so if you want to stop." 

Her first move was tentative. She just ran her hand up and down my length, and I let out a little hum of appreciation, more to encourage her than for any real pleasure. She leaned in, still stroking, and gave me a quick lick. This time my cock jumped for real, and she giggled at the motion. She leaned in and kissed my cock, and her mouth couldn't even get halfway around. She closed her eyes and breathed in through her nose, and her voice was a ragged whisper. "You even smell good." And then it was like that gave her permission to lose control, and she started going to town on me. 

She moved, straddling one of my legs, and pressed my cock up against the length of her body, making me moan as I felt her small tits press into it through her shirt. It was long enough that she could easily reach the tip, and she started licking and sucking on the end. I groaned for real this time, and reached out and gently caressed her head. She was working me with her body, both hands and her mouth now, and was practically humping the base of my cock through her shorts. One hand came down and groped my balls, and I felt her suck up some of my pre-cum as it came out. 

As good as it felt, I wanted more. I reached out and started pulling up her shirt - she fought me for a bit, then realized what I was doing and let me strip her. The bra was next, and then I lifted her up with both hands, eliciting a yelp. She looked alarmed as I pulled her shorts and panties off, but I smiled at her reassuringly before depositing her back where she'd started, fully naked. And then she moaned as my hand reached out and played lightly with one of her nipples. "Just want to get in on the fun." 

She started in on me again, and I couldn't believe how good it felt. I ran my hands lightly over her, playing with and rubbing her breasts as she worked my cock, and it just drove her even more wild. Her mouth closed over the tip, and I threw my head back as she tongued my slit. I winced as I felt my horns enter the wall, but then I was distracted by what happened next. Impossibly, it almost felt like she was swallowing down my cock, and the sensation of her mouth and throat surrounding me almost made me cum immediately. I knew it had to be something else - she wasn't physically capable of doing that - but then I looked, and my mouth dropped open. She'd started sliding down my thigh, and she had almost a foot of my cock down her throat. 

It looked wrong, grotesque - her mouth and throat were grossly distended around me - but the feeling of it was incredible, hot and tight and moist. Her lips sucking up and down, her throat muscles and tongue working me relentlessly. But still, something seemed off. And because I'm an idiot, I opened my mouth to interrupt the greatest blowjob of my life. 

And then she slid another 8 inches down, her lips touching the base of my cock, and I lost the ability to have coherent thoughts. My last, as my head went back violently into the wall and I grunted in pleasure as I came into her stomach, was that we definitely weren't getting our deposit back. 

The next few minutes were a whirlwind of pleasure. My entire universe was my cock in her mouth and throat, as she sucked and devoured me. And it literally felt that way, that she was sucking my dick away. I knew it had to be an illusion - there was no pain, and it felt amazing - but that was still how it felt. I was almost constantly coming, spurting over and over down her throat. Each twitch of my cock, each orgasm seemed to leech a little bit more of me into her. My hands were on her head, and it was all I could do to not pull back and fuck her mouth as hard as I could. Dimly, I could hear her cumming as well, each time moaning around my cock. 

Finally, it ended, and I lay there, panting and spent. Somehow I'd moved down, and I was flat on the bed, my knees right at the edge so my feet could sit on the floor. Hanna was kneeling between my legs, and she seemed attached to my crotch, still sucking and working me. But the sensation seemed... odd. Wrong. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was - 

My train of thought was derailed as Hanna's tongue found a spot, and suddenly my crotch was on fire. Not the bad, STD kind, but something awesome and tingly. This time I couldn't help myself, and my hands came down and I pulled Hanna's face hard into me, grinding into her as her tongue worked me. I could feel it circling, teasing, almost going in - wait. How could it go - 

And then her tongue did slip into me, and I was off again. The fire redoubled, and I lifted my legs and wrapped them ahead her head, squeezing. I needed... more. Her tongue just wasn't enough, and I was humping her face, trying to get her deeper, to get more into me. Finally she'd had enough, and I watched dimly as she pushed my legs to each side, rising up off of my crotch. My new strength seemed to have deserted me as she maneuvered me easily around. I looked down at her, panting hard. Her face looked glazed with my juices as she looked up at me, smiling knowingly, and her hand came up and started teasing me again. Again, the feeling of wrongness welled within me. Something was off about this picture. I fought through the pleasure of her thumb circling, and tried to think. It was almost like - 

And then, casually, she thrust two of her fingers into me, and I was gone. My entire body bowed, back arched, and I screamed her name. She moved her fingers in and out, and I writhed on the bed, trying to get those wonderful fingers further into me. The feeling of penetration soothed the fire she'd lit, but it wasn't enough. I heard someone chanting, "More, more" and realized it was me. The feeling of wrongness persisted, but I ignored it. Nothing was important as getting Hanna into me. I felt a third finger enter, me, followed by a fourth and then her entire hand, wrist deep. Each step helped, but it wasn't enough, and I reached down to try and grip her arm and pull her hand as deep as it could go. But she resisted easily, and I whimpered as she pulled most of the way, just teasing me. 

Her voice, when it came, was different. I wasn't sure how, or why, but she seemed almost like a different person - more confident. More knowledgeable, in charge. She had me wrapped around her fingers (literally) and she knew it. "So you want more?" 

My "Yes!" came out breathily, like a prayer. I was still trying to get her hand back in, but she easily resisted, playing and tormenting me. 

Her response came quickly. "Then grab your legs and spread for me." I complied eagerly, and I felt myself getting wetter at the lust in her voice. She was trying to hide it, but it was there, and I liked knowing that she was getting off on this too. I wondered if she'd use both hands this time, and then I felt them rest on my legs as she steadied herself. And then something wonderfully large and warm pressed up against me, and I groaned. I wanted to move, to sink whatever it was into me, but I had no leverage in this position. And I couldn't risk Hanna stopping, so I held myself in place, practically vibrating with impatience. I felt her weight shift, and whatever it was pressed into me harder, spreading my lips, almost testing. I spread my legs more, eagerly, and - 

And my doubts crashed over me, overriding my need. My lips. I was being penetrated. I was wet. I wanted more. And I could feel both of Hanna's hands on my legs, so what was pressing up against my crotch? I struggled against the lust that was fogging my brain, and lifted my head. And for a second, I was shocked out of the fog that was descending over my thoughts. 

Hanna was kneeling between my legs, steadying herself. And between her legs jutted a cock. My cock. It was easy to recognize, and it looked ludicrous attached to Hanna's body, massively out of proportion. Her - my? - swollen balls were just visible past the base. And the head of it was nestled against me, nudging and nestling against what was clearly a vagina between my legs where a few minutes before I'd had a penis. 

I had perhaps a second, maybe two, where I could have spoken. Maybe I could have stopped things. But Hanna leaned forward, and the tip of her cock brushed my clit, and the words caught in my throat. And then she pressed forward and sank into me, and I was gone. 

It soothed the fire between my legs, but lit a new one. I cried out with a mix of pleasure and pain as she penetrated me. She was impossibly huge, stretching, but the feel of her filling me was exactly what I needed, and again I was crying for more of her. I could feel the ridges of her cock as she sank deeper and deeper, and then suddenly it was too much, and I was coming. It was totally different than as a man, and I felt my pussy clamp down hard on her cock, pulsing on it, as I rode out my orgasm. And when it was done, I still wanted more. 

She kept pressing in, but I was done being passive. I knew what I wanted. I let go of my legs and wrapped them around her, pulling her closer and deeper into me. My hands came down and found her hips, and I guided and helped her in. When she reached my cervix near the end and paused, I didn't hesitate. My hands and arms tightened, and I pulled her those final few inches. I cried out with pain as she entered my womb, and for a second my mind blanked from it. But the pleasure of her cock, and having her sheathed all the way inside of me, quickly overrode it. I found myself just lying there, enjoying the feel of her cock through my entire passage. It filled me with a deep sense of contentedness, from the tip in my womb to her giant balls resting against my ass. I could have just lain there and enjoyed her forever... well. Maybe if I hadn't wanted to get fucked so badly. 

For a moment the fog lifted, and we were just boyfriend and girlfriend again. The certainty fell from her face, and she looked at me. Her "Hey," was hesitant. 

I nodded back, carefully. "Hey." 

She swallowed hard, and her voice was rough. "I don't... I don't know what's going on. It felt like a dream, ya know? But it's real, and we can stop if you want-" 

I interrupted her. I couldn't reach her mouth - our height was too different - but I squeezed my pussy down hard on her cock, and used my hands to pull her in tightly against me. She made the kind of sound in her throat that girls usually only make when they eat something composed of four different kinds of chocolate, and her eyes fluttered. My voice came out calmer than I expected. "Babe, if you don't fuck me with that cock, I'm going to throw you down and ride you until you pass out." 

It made her smile, which is what I'd been aiming for. "Decisions, decisions." She rested her hands on my chest, and looked at me searchingly. She must have found whatever she was looking for on my face, because the next thing she did was pull her hips back. My pussy twitched in response as her huge, fat cock pulled out, and then I let out a moan of pure bliss as she slammed back into me. And then she fucking pounded me. 

She was relentless, working me hard and fast - no special tricks, no side to side, no working my clit, just in and out. I came in the first two thrusts, and after that it was almost constant little orgasms, my pussy twitching in time with her thrusts, my ass muscles clenching every time her balls slapped me. I wanted to fuck her back - to move, to be active, but she was too big and dominant, and it was all I could do to lay there and take it without losing consciousness, mewling in pleasure and encouraging her with my hands on her hips. 

Of course, it was her first time too, and before long I felt her movements growing ragged as she lost control. She whispered, "I'm going to come", and started to pull out, her voice harsh and on the edge. But without thinking about it, I wrapped my legs around her and stopped her, then pulled her back in, groaning as she re-entered my womb. Her eyes widened with alarm. "Mike, I'm-!" 

But I knew what I wanted. I clenched my pussy on her, moaning as I felt her impossible hardness. My words spilled out. "Come in me, Hanna. Fuck me, blow in me, knock me up-" at that last I saw her eyes light up, and she lost all control and I couldn't talk anymore. She pulled out and slammed into me, once, twice - three times, and then she was cumming. I felt her juice spurting into me, hot and warm and heavy, and my own final orgasm came out of nowhere and I clenched around her, every muscle in my body tensing as I came hard on her dick. The feel of her seed in my pussy - in my womb - just added to the sensation, a dirty edge that kept me going for almost a minute before it was finally over and I felt myself relax. I could still feel her cock pulsing and spurting into me, and I wondered how she could possibly have this much semen in her. 

We lay there, still entwined, for probably five minutes before I felt like I could talk. Finally though, our breathing was back to normal, and I decided to risk it. "So...", she looked up at me, and I shrugged at her. "That happened." 

She snorted. "No joke." She sat up, still embedded in me, and I closed my eyes as I felt her cock shift in me. But her words brought me back out. "So was that like a... minotaur thing? Cause you could have warned me if you knew."   

It was my turn to laugh. "No. No, I had no idea, trust me. But it's not a me thing, I'm pretty sure it's a you thing. You sucked my dick, stole it and then fucked me." I frowned, thinking. "It's like you're some sort of penis vampire. A dickvire?" 

Her smile turned to a frown. "Seriously? Dickvire? That's horrible. You're not calling me that." But she relented, and her arms caressed my chest. "But um... if you don't mind me saying so, you seem surprisingly kosher with all of this. Pretty sure most guys would be losing it right now." 

I could tell tell where she was going with this, but I just frowned and shook my head. "No, I think we were mind fucked. You should be freaking out too. It's the same shit that made you ok with fucking a minotaur in the first place, and me ok with being one. Maybe I'll freak out over it later," I shrugged, "but right now I'm just going to sit here and bask in the afterglow." 

She nodded, conceding the point. Her hands on my chest were getting more adventurous, running through my fur. "I guess that makes sense. But um... I do seem to have a problem still." One of her hands came up and circled one of my nipples, and I bit my lip to keep from crying out. 

Shifting, I ran my hands up her sides, cupping her breasts. "Oh?" I rubbed the sides, careful to avoid direct stimulation yet, but she still tilted her head back and let out a little sigh. She also rocked, and this time the gasp did make it out as her cock shifted inside of me. 

"Well." She pulled out, slowly, and I couldn't help moaning and shifting as her cock pulled on the walls of my pussy. She stopped about halfway, and pointed at her dick. "I seem to still be hard." 

I made a show of considering this, then moved my hands back down to her hips, and in one motion pulled her back in as hard as I could. Both of us gave out cries of pleasure as we crashed back together. I had time to get out, "Good problem," and then we were moving again and I braced for round two. 

Definitely the jackpot. 

* * * 

A few months later 

"Goddamn it, hold still." She sounded irritated, and I couldn't really blame her. 

"I'm trying, ok? It hurts." I winced, realizing my voice was a bit whiny. 

"You're the one who's insisting on this, so relax." I heard her huff, and then her hand came down and slapped my ass hard. It didn't actually hurt - not with my hide - but the idea of her spanking me during this made my pussy tighten and my muscles relax. And that was enough for the first six inches of her cock to slip into my ass. 

It reminded me of our first time, a mix of pain and pleasure, but this one had a lot more pain. I couldn't help my groan, and I concentrated on relaxing my ass muscles as much as possible. I heard her mutter, "Finally!" and shift forward on her knees, and too late I realized she wasn't going to wait for me to adjust. I had just opened my mouth when she started pushing forward, and what came out of my mouth was "HannaWaOhFuckFuckFuck". Followed by a lot more "Fucks". 

The suddenness of it was too much, and my arms collapsed. As my upper body fell onto the bed my breasts were squished, and I felt my udders squirting milk onto the sheets from my weight. My complaints were interrupted by another slap on the ass with a command to "Jeez, take it like a man", and I brought my hand up to my mouth to keep from crying out. She kept coming, plowing her cock up my behind like an unstoppable battering ram, and I did the only thing I could do - worked on relaxing myself as much as possible, and on ignoring the feeling of my nipples rubbing into the sheet below me. 
