 Author's Note: Progress has been slow on Chapter 10 of Rebellion, so I decided to write a quick Soiled Dove story. Hopefully this will rejuvenate me enough to finish Chapter 10. If you have any fantasies, fetishes, or other story ideas for a Soiled Dove story please let me know in the comments or through the feedback button. Enjoy!

****

Heat from the torches lining the courtyard licked Jeanette's naked flesh as she stepped out from the servant's wing of the manor house. Her heart leapt as she recognized where she was. This was the townhouse of Duke Gollorn Vasper of Crovoth! The Duke was familiar at court, as his lands lay not far to the west of Ruar. Crovoth was rich in iron and skilled in smithing, so the Duke had many business interests in the capital city of Zentara. Jeanette thought she knew him well, but she never would have imagined that he would throw the kind of party that required a dozen naked girls from the Soiled Dove.

Jeanette and the eleven other women were clad only in collars, veils and cheap costume jewelry. Her veil was a deep purple, and a gold necklace with fake rubies hung low off her neck, reaching almost to the space between her breasts. A copper chain was wrapped around her stomach, and cuffs with small bells attached were placed on her wrists and ankles. The collars they wore were a heavy black iron, with a ring fastened on all four sides.

The effect was supposed to elfin, she mused. The women of the Elfish Isles wore veils which covered their faces below the nose, and tonight Jeanette was grateful for the custom. If this were the Duke of Crovoth's party, then there would doubtless be several guests whom she knew and would know her, and she would just die if she were discovered.

"The Duke wants twelve girls to act as servants for his party. Pour drinks, serve food, spread your legs, do whatever is asked! His Grace has paid a small fortune for it all and you'll be well rewarded for your time" the Madame had told them before they climbed into the covered wagon that took them through town.

Although Jeanette had frequently been naked in the Soiled Dove, she wasn't used to being naked in so public a place. Though the courtyard of the townhouse was closed off by a massive iron gate, townsfolk were already stopping to look inside and watch the nobility's festivities. The fact that her pubic hair had all been plucked to fully expose the curve of her mound and expose her vaginal lips only contributed to her feelings of exposure and vulnerability.

A soft hand cupped Jeanette's rear and gave it a gentle squeeze as she sauntered through the crowd. She half turned to the man, and the heated, needy look in his eyes set her at ease. This is just like the Soiled Dove, she thought. Only outside. But men will be men, it's always the same.

"I'd love to serve you my lord, but I've been called to serve drinks. But look for me later and I'll finish what you started!" Jeanette gave him a playful laugh and continued to the table that had been set up with refreshments. A rush of exhilaration coursed through her as she made her way through a crowd of men. Here she was, the Crown Princess of Zentara striding naked through a crowd of men, and no one was the wiser!

Jeanette grabbed two pitchers, one of wine and one of ale, and began circulating the courtyard. The crowd was mostly men of course, though she was surprised that some women were in attendance as well. Not the Duke of Crovoth's wife though, she noticed. A soft, shocking pain shot through her as spindly, warped fingers reached out to tweak her nipple and grab her breast. That's Master Frivith, Guild Master of the Smiths she thought in wonder. The ancient Master gave her a toothy, or rather, a toothless grin and held out his goblet. "Some of your honeyed nectar, lass!"

"At once, Master!"" Jeanette laughed and filled his goblet even as the old smith ran his fingers along her slit. Honeyed Nectar indeed!

Frivith looked at her in surprise. "You know who I am?" The Master Smith's fingers continued to tease along her shaven slit, idly prating the nether lips to stroke the pink flesh inside.

"I am just a simple, elfin slave girl, Master" she lied easily, "tonight all are my Masters." Jeanette licked her lips beneath the veil, hoping he wouldn't be able to notice her concern. Fortunately, he seemed more interested in her moistening cunt than the look in her eyes.

"An elfin slave girl would be a wonderful thing. I should like one or two myself, to care for me in my old age." Frivith pulled his finger from her slit and cupped her breast, rubbing it again.

She felt her juices smear on her large breast and then cool in the air, sending a slight shiver through her. She turned slightly, brushing her hip and thigh against his crotch. "Not too old Master, I hope."

"Hah! Were I even ten years younger I'd see about buying you for myself! But alas, I think I'll let the randier bucks have their turn to rut. I've mounted enough does in my day!" Frivith smacked her sharply on the ass, and turned back to one of the guests, resuming an earlier conversation.

A beefy hand signaled her over to a small table which three men were seated around. The large hand wrapped down her ass as she bent over to fill their cups and began to stroke her naked pussy from behind. Another hand reached up to knead her tit, holding it firmly enough that she couldn't stand up straight again after she was done pouring.

"So Her Highness Queen Amarice came to see me today." The sound of the voice made Jeanette freeze. That was Stephen Farling, the Lord Mayor of Ruar! And he was rubbing her cunt publically! Jeanette's labia twitched against the broad fingertips as they slid around the slick surface of her pussy. 

"What did she want?" the man rubbing her tit asked.

"She wanted to know about the Princess' virtue and reputation, and whether they were in risk of being compromised by Jeanette's visits to the poorer neighborhoods of the city." Stephen's fingertips pushed upwards, so the pads brushed through her clitoral hood to stroke the nub directly.

It took her a moment to realize they were talking about her. Why on earth would her mother be checking up on her? Stephen's fingers suddenly pulled from her clit, and two of the thick digits pushed inside her, making her moan out loud.

"Quiet girl, a good servant should be seen and not heard." The men at the table laughed as Stephen worked his fingers in an out. He knew exactly what he was doing as he tenderly stroked her insides to make her moan again. "As I was saying, Her Highness wanted to know about the character of the people the Princess visits, and whether it will impugn her virtue."

If only her mother knew, she thought. That Stephen's fingers could push so deep and easily inside of her was all the proof needed to show she had no virtue left. As the Lord Mayor's fingers increased in urgency Jeanette started to breathe harder. His fat fingers were so thick that two of them together might as well be a cock! Each time a soft sound escaped her though, the hand on her breast would squeeze or Stephen would pinch her ass.

"Well what did you say to her? She goes wallowing about the commons, it's not like that could be good for either her reputation or her virtue. But you didn't tell the Queen that did you?"

"Of course not! Tell Her Highness that her only daughter, the Crown Princess dirties herself with the commoners, going into their homes for hours at a time? No, I told her that Jeanette's virtue is beyond reproach, that her charity is lauded by all and that the people see her as the embodiment of purity itself." The trio laughed at that and drank deeply from their cups.

Arousal smothered the outrage boiling beneath the surface. Stephen continued to finger her mercilessly, crossing and uncrossing his fingers inside her, thrusting them in and out as they traced an ever expanding circle inside her. The Lord Mayor reached across to stroke her clit with his free hand, rubbing it faster and faster until Jeanette was mewling with need.

"What do you really think about the Princess then?"

Jeanette's knees buckled as she was brought closer and closer to climax. The hand on her breast was continuously massaging the flesh and stroking the sensitive nipple, while Stephen's hand between her legs was fucking her good and fast. The wet, sloppy impact of his knuckles on her soaked pussy punctuated every pause in their conversation. His fat fingers became a blur atop her clit, pushing her closer and closer to climax regardless of what vile things they said.

"Well, I guarantee she's not trolling about the slums giving charity because she has a good and noble spirit. She probably let some footman from the castle get between her legs and is fucking him in the slums on the side. I mean come on, this is Ruar not Sandora. When have you ever known a girl in this city to be noble and pure about anything?" Stephen and his companions laughed again and took another deep drink.

Pleasure exploded through Jeanette as the Lord Mayor's fingers brought her to climax. "Mmmmm! Aaaaaah!" A heated, pleasured moan escaped her lips despite all efforts to hold it back. She convulsed against the table before them as her body contorted in pleasure, clamping tightly around Stephen's fingers. She squeezed them deep inside her as she rode the crest of the climax, until the Lord Mayor pulled them roughly from inside her and smacked her sharply on the rear.

"Here now girl, I thought I said to be quiet?" Stephen and his friends laughed and her breast was released, allowing her to stand up straight again.

"A-apologies My Lords." Jeanette panted for breath as she recovered from the climax. Seeing that they were done with her for the moment, Jeanette quickly moved off, still shaking in the aftermath of her orgasm as she made her way through the crowds once again. The purple veil she wore mostly masked her flushed face, but the sight of her slick cunt still led to many ribald comments and lewd gropes and touches as she refilled goblets and made breathless small talk.

She was angry at the Lord Mayor for his comments, even as the rational part of her mind told her she had no right to be. As insulting as he was, the truth was far worse than he could possibly imagine. While she may not be spreading her legs for a footman, she was spreading them for half the city by pretending to be a prostitute.

As she made her way through the crowd, she saw the Duke of Crovoth standing just ahead so she made a sharp turn and found herself before another table. Three men played cards, and one of them was young Willem Gullford, Duke of Fullorm! Just yesterday he had been telling her what a crime it was that she was betrothed to a Hesten, and how he would beg the King and Queen permission to court her. Now, she finds him betting at cards and getting drunk at a scandalous party!

Willem was quite handsome, and much younger than the Duke of Braden. He could not be more than five years older than herself, and had wavy brown hair and deep brown eyes. His shoulders were broad, and surprisingly muscular for a nobleman. He was known as a vigorous, good humored young man who was well liked at court and in his Duchy.

"Well this is perfect timing!" Willem reached up to take Jeanette's wrist and pull her closer to the table. "Pardon me my dear, but I've got the best hand but lack the coin necessary to cover my bet."

She set the two pitchers down on the table and stroked the back of his hand. Play the role, Jeanette, play the role. "I'm sorry to hear that My Lord. I'd love to help, but I'm afraid my assets aren't liquid in nature." The Princess in Hiding shook her breasts, to the amusement of the three men.

"Clever girl. But as it happens we allow all manners of assets at this table. Now, my fine friends, to cover my wager I bet the first crack at this lovely young woman." Willem moved his hand behind Jeanette and cupped her ass cheek, lifting it in her palm. "If her ass is anything to go by I don't think you'll be disappointed."

The men laughed, but this time Jeanette joined them. "I don't know," said one of Willem's companions, "The wager is ten gold marks. Are you worth it, madam?"

Jeanette grinned and stepped away from Willem and approached the young man. He pushed back from his chair with a grin to better face her as she leaned in, her breasts swaying before his face. Jeanette placed her hand on his shoulder, and then gently stroked down his arm to take his hand and guide it between her legs. Her fingers pressed against his, guiding the young nobleman's finger into her snatch. When it was nestled deep inside her, she clenched herself tightly around it as she worked her hips against his hand. "Well My Lord? What do you think?"

"Oh shit, fuck, yes! I'll accept it as your wager Your Grace let's see what you have!"

"Three Castles and a Grace! Beat that Jonathan!" Willem slammed his cards down on the table with a triumphant grin.

"That's your winning hand? I suppose Your Grace is most enamored with Graces, but I put my faith in Princesses." Jonathan laid his cards out on the table over the Duke's. "Four Princesses! I think that means the table is mine!" Jonathan grinned widely and swept the gold marks over the table towards him.

Willem cursed, but Jeanette and the third man laughed and congratulated Jonathan on his win. "Well played My Lord. Truly you had a winning hand."

When Jeanette spoke, the winner turned his eyes towards her and grinned even wider. Jonathan rose from his chair and reached out to take Jeanette's hand. "Ah yes, the rest of my winnings." The young nobleman guided Jeanette's hands away from her body so he could look her over entirely. He moved his hands to her breasts, lifting and squeezing them in his soft palms. "What do you think Willem? Should I collect my prize now?"

Willem scowled as Jonathan turned Jeanette around and bent her forward. The third man, whose name she still hadn't caught, grabbed a chain that had been pooled in the center of the table and attached it to the ring on the front of her collar. It was long enough so she wouldn't really been pinned, but the extra weight on her neck was a constant reminder that she was chained. It was an ominous, yet somehow thrilling presence in the back of her mind that she was subjugated and controlled by these men.

Jonathan stroked down her back, his warm hands sending a pleasant buss through his body. She pressed her firm ass back against his crotch, rubbing it back and forth as she felt his cock swell. When Jonathan freed his member she spread her legs and licked her lips in eager anticipation. Though she had climaxed for the Lord Mayor's hand, she hadn't truly been fucked yet tonight and she was looking forward to it.

"Mmmm ah yes that's it My Lord!" Jeanette moaned as his cock slid inside her. Jonathan began thrusting quickly, slapping against her backside without finesse. 

"Oh you don't know what you're missing, boys. Definitely worth every mark. But don't worry Your Grace, I'm sure you'll get your chance after I'm done. Although she might not be cognizant enough to feel a thing after I'm done with her." Jonathan laughed and continued to thrust. His cock slammed in and out rapidly, rubbing the sensitive walls of her pussy with his shaft. His hands gripped her ass, groping it firmly while he pumped between her legs.

"Mmm...ah yes that's it My Lord, don't stop!" Jeanette moaned loudly again, though in truth she was mostly performing for him. While she was beginning to enjoy herself, Jonathan was clumsy and overeager in his attentions. The slapping of his hips against the backs of her thighs was audible even with the cacophony of the party going on around them. Each time Jonathan's body impacted hers, she was pushed forward causing her breasts to drag over the cast iron metal table. Each time her tit slipped over a gap in the pattern of the table she clenched her pussy firmly around the noble's cock, massaging it inside her.

Jonathan clenched his eyes shut as he tried to hold his climax back. Jeanette's ministrations proved to be too much for him though, and soon he was pulling out of her and furiously jerking his cock as he spilled his load all over Jeanette's ass and back. 

The cum pooled in the small of her back and started to drip down her sides as she lay on the table panting. "Oooh that was so good My Lord. Mmm...you really must come to see me at the Soiled Dove sometime." Because you'll pay well and be done in a flash, she added mentally.

"Heh, I don't know Jonathan, she doesn't look like she's been smashed into a pile of mush by your overwhelming manliness." The third man snickered as he rose from his hair while Jonathan fixed his pants and stood to the side. "Now, by the terms of the wager I believe I get the next crack at her, isn't that so?" The man helped Jeanette roll over onto her back, so he could see the front side of her body.

"Don't worry Your Grace, I doubt this one will reduce me to a quivering pile of goo either. There will be more than enough left over for you, I promise!" Jeanette laughed beneath her veil as the new man lined his cock up with her pussy. "Mmmm!" Jeanette moaned in satisfaction when the noble pushed inside. His thrusts were slower and more firm, each one exploding inside with precision.

"Oh you were right about her Jonathan. Now I know why you couldn't even last five minutes!" The man laughed and reached down to squeeze her breasts, pushing and rubbing them together. "You've got a wonderful body, madam. It was made for your line of work, I assure you!" The noble continued to thrust, rocking his hips so his cock speared into her at different angles, rubbing against the sensitive clusters of nerves. 

Rampant thrusts made her quiver in delight as shockwave of pleasure coursed upwards from her labia throughout her body. Her large tits bounced in his hands as the smack of his hips reverberated through her. When she moaned again, it was for real this time as he capitalized on the pleasure that Jonathan had started but never brought to climax.

She wrapped her thighs around his waist and curled her toes, pulling him deeper inside her body. Jeanette undulated in pleasure, shaking her hips and rapidly thrusting back against him as she groaned in desire. "Oh that's it, right there, keep going, don't stop don't stop!" Jeanette's breathless voice emanated out from behind the veil as she neared her climax.

The noble laughed and slowed his thrusts, pulling Jeanette back from the edge of climax. "It's a little early for that don't you think?" He grinned playfully. "Here, let's cool you down a bit." With a laugh he grabbed the pitcher of wine and poured it across Jeanette's breasts. The cool sticky wine splashed over the large mounds, soaking her nipples and areolas and dripping down to pool in her cleavage.

"Ah! H-hey now, ooooh!" Jeanette's yelp of surprise and protest turned into a lusty moan as the noble leaned forward to lick the wine off her chest. His hot tongue lashed out, chasing the rivulets of wine all over her body, kissing, licking, and sucking all over as he cleansed her. Jeanette kept moving her own hips, bucking up into him to make up for the lapse of his own movements as he concentrated on her tits.

More wine splashed on her chest, only to be licked off. He then poured it on her foot and leg, before kissing and licking them both all over. All the while his cock continued to pound in and out of her, slowly building up the pace again until she once more danced on the edge of climax. "Are you ready, madam? Tell me what you want, scream it out so all of Ruar can hear!"

"Ah! Fuck me! Give me your cock! Please keep fucking me don't stop!" Jeanette writhed beneath him, undulating wildly as she started to climax around his cock. She clenched him firmly inside her while she convulsed, her vaginal walls milking his shaft as she squeezed and rubbed it all over. Her whole body bounced on the table, flopping about as she contorted in pleasure.
