 Author's Note: Since I am halfway through Elfin Descent, I decided to write another chapter of Tales of the Soiled Dove. It is likely to be the last one for a while, though I will continue to right short stand alone stories. They will most likely be set while Jeanette is Queen, and the depredations she gets up to in the castle.

The next chapter of Elfin Descent should be posted next week as per the schedule.

*****

It took two weeks after the events at the Duke's party for Jeanette to bring herself to the Soiled Dove again. It was not so much that she needed to recover from all the fucking, though she had to admit her stomach was upset for a few days after guzzling all that semen during the cum drinking contest, but rather she just found herself too close to too many people she knew in her real life. It didn't help that after returning to the castle she kept running into Sir Jeremy and Count Driscoll, her father's friends who had fucked her at the party, or that every time she took a bath she wondered if the young squire Stefan was peeping on her. Not that the worry stopped her from playing with herself in the bath; she did have needs after all.

Finally though she got to the point where touching herself in the bath wasn't enough to satisfy her needs, so she found herself back in the brothel that started her sexual adventures. It was busy tonight, and she could tell that she was going to have her hands full. She made her way towards the Madame and pulled the hood of her cloak off her head.

"Jeanette! There you are girl! I've been wondering when you'd be back. You did such a great job at the Duke's party that we've had requests coming in for you every night!" The Madame gave her a forced frown. "If you want to work here you need to be more consistent. I need to know what to tell the customers about your availability!"

Jeanette's heart raced. She knew she was one of the more popular girls at the brothel, but had there really been so many requests? "Apologies, Madame. I had to go out of the city with my Mistress. I would have been here if I could, truly." She doubted the Madame believed the lie she first told when coming to the brothel, but it was the lie they needed to make this work.

"Well, I suppose that's unavoidable then." The Madame smirked. "Can't leave your Mistress uncared for; she might not let you come back. Anyway, I'm glad you're here."

"I can see why, the Dove is packed to the rafters tonight!"

"Yes, but that's not why. I've got a very important client for you tonight. He's had servants here every night looking for you, and the price offered just keeps going up and up. I need you to do an outcall tonight and go to the client's home. Apparently he's too ill to come in himself."

An outcall? Jeanette hated those; she never knew where she would end up. What if it was in one of the neighborhoods where people knew who she was? Still, the risk of discovery was part of what made the game so fun, and if she wasn't caught at the Duke's party surrounded by her peers, what were the odds that she'd be caught on a random call? "Alright, is a servant here tonight to take me?"

"Of course!" The Madame laughed. "Though I don't think he'll be too pleased that you actually showed up. He's been enjoying waiting here with the girls every night for you to appear!"

Based on the servant's livery, Jeanette could tell that he likely worked for a merchant with one of the Guilds. Frivith, the Master of the Smiths was at the Duke's party. Was that her client? The servant was taciturn as he led her through the city. Apparently he was disappointed that he wasn't getting another night to lounge around the brothel. Jeanette didn't mind though; she was too busy thinking about her client.

The servant led her to the Guild Hall, but rather than going through the front gate as she was accustomed to, the servant led her to the public entrance to the sculpture garden. I suppose that makes sense, she thought, I'm not here as a Princess, I'm here as a whore. He'd want to sneak me in the back. 

The indoor sculpture garden was one of the more popular places in Ruar. Originally it was an empty hall, but a generation or two ago the Council of Guilds was fed up with nobles being late or not paying for their commissioned work at all. They took in several orders costing hundreds of thousands of gold marks and then refused to do the work or return them. The nobles were furious of course, and there was a real worry about blood flowing in the streets.

In the end, the King ordered the Council to return the money, but in exchange the nobles had to return all the statuary they couldn't pay for. In the future, all payments had to be made up front and the Crown would enforce any contracts that the nobles tried to renege on. It was a defining moment in the city, and largely responsible for why the Council had so much power today.

The repossessed statues were put in the hall, and it was opened to the public, much to the chagrin of the nobles who believed that the commoners wouldn't appreciate the beauty. That was and wasn't true; many certainly seemed to appreciate the beauty, as the nude statues often inspired erotic couplings in the darker corners of the garden.

The couplings had become so frequent that the sounds of grunting and groaning had become attributed to ghosts in the lore of the building. Jeanette smirked to herself as she reached the back end and entered the hall proper. And tonight she was going to be adding to the legend.

Master Frivith was waiting for her in his private studio. He stood up, and grinned toothily as he hobbled over to her. "So he found you at last! I'm so pleased, I've been looking forward to this every moment since the Duke's party." Frivith hobbled over to Jeanette and boldly reached out, fondling her breast with one hand and her ass with the other.

"Thank you, Master Frivith. It's flattering to be so desired." Jeanette smiled as she stroked through the man's long grey beard and pushed her hips forward so that her thighs rubbed against his body. "How may I be of service to you tonight? Forgive me for being so bold, but last time you intimated that you were not able to perform."

The Master Smith chuckled, and then broke into a cough. A servant quickly brought over a goblet of wine, which he drank down and then dismissed the servant. "That's true. I have a different sort of proposition for you." Frivith brought his hand up from Jeanette's ass and fondled both breasts, before untying the serving dress and freeing both those magnificent globes. "I was so inspired by your body that I decided I had to make a statue of it. I want you to pose for me, girl. I can make you into my greatest creation!"

Jeanette's heart leapt into her throat. He wanted to make a statue of her? There's no way she could allow that. Anyone could see it and recognize her! Plus, what would happen to Frivith if it was discovered he was making naked statues of the Princess? She didn't want him to get in trouble. Even still, the idea of her naked flesh being immortalized in stone did send a little shiver through her.

"I don't know, Master. You must have heard that I don't work at the Soiled Dove full time; that I have a respectable position I must protect. I don't think I could allow you to capture my face in your statue."

Surprisingly, the response only made Frivith grin wider. "Of course, my dear, of course. Perhaps there is a compromise?" He moved both his old, calloused hands to Jeanette's soft tits and massaged them. "Let me just do a cast of your breasts. They are so magnificent! Yours could be the breasts on every Guild statue for the next century!"

The shiver became a tremor as heat rushed through her body, making her face flush. Her nipples hardened, and the Master Mason was quick to catch them between his gnarled fingers. Frivith squeezed them in his hands, making Jeanette cry out. "Aaah!" Her mind raced with the possibilities. Everyone in the city would see her tits without knowing it. They would be in the statue garden, in the castle, in noble houses throughout the city. But the best part was that no one would know except her! "Oooh yesss Master! I could do that; I like that idea very much!"

Frivith beamed triumphantly. "Excellent! Let's get started right away. You must strike while the iron is hot, as my colleagues would say." The Master led Jeanette across the room to a hanging chain. "Raise your arms over your head and hold onto the chain while I apply the plaster." One Jeanette was in position, Frivith brought forward a batch of plaster and began applying it to her breasts. Of course he did it by hand, seeming to take great pleasure in rubbing all over her mounds, making sure every curve of surface space was lovingly captured in the mold. After a half an hour, the mold was finally ready to come off.

"It's not going to be a problem that my nipples are hard, is it?" Jeanette asked, causing Frivith to chuckle.

"No of course not, it's better this way, actually. It will give the mold more definition and more of a lifelike quality." Frivith chuckled as he carefully removed the plaster and set it aside. "I want to make sure I capture every intimate detail of your tits, Princess. The royal mammaries deserve to be copied exact."

Jeanette's heart stopped and she went perfectly still. "I'm sorry? I'm afraid I don't follow."

"You don't have to play coy with me, Your Highness. I know who you are." Frivith gave a manic little chuckle. "Who would have thought that Princess Jeanette was masquerading as a whore? Well, I suppose several people, actually. But nonetheless, I was completely shocked when I saw you stroll through His Grace's courtyard as naked as the day you were born. But a body like yours deserves to be shown off and admired."

"You're mad! I'm leaving!" But as Jeanette tried to pull up her dress, Frivith roughly smacked her breast and pinched her nipple, giving it a twist. "Ow! How dare you! Let go!"

"How dare I?" Frivith chuckled. "If you're just a whore, then I can dare anything I want. If you're the Princess, that is something else. Are you?"

Jeanette snapped her mouth shut and glared at him. "I already told you, I'm a respectable woman-"

Frivith pinched Jeanette's nipple and gave it another twist. Then he reached for one of his flatter chisels and used the bottom as a paddle to spank her breasts. Jeanette yelped shrilly under the assault, and quickly moved her hands to protect her breasts and try to fend the elderly mason off.

"Ow, stop that, I'm not ow mm I-" Jeanette gasped as the smacks continued. Despite her protestations, the abuse was turning her on even more even as she fought the panic at having been found out. How did he know who she was? "Please, fine, fine, I admit it! I'm the Princess! How did you know?"

"I'm a Master Stone Mason, Your Highness, I have an eye for detail. You might have been wearing a veil, but I know the shape of your face and body. The bones don't lie!" Frivith cackled as he resumed rubbing and groping the Princess.

Jeanette quivered as she felt the lecherous old man's gnarled hands touching all over her body. Her heart raced faster now, a mixture of embarrassment but also relief at being found out, at having someone else know her secret. "Ah...What are you going to do?" She bit her lip as she watched the frail old man. Most of her customers at the brothel had been hearty young men. Frivith was old enough to be her grandfather, and though he had spoken of having problems achieving an erection, that didn't seem to dampen his enjoyment of molesting her nubile young body.

"Heh heh heh, for starters, I'm going to punish you, Princess, for being such a naughty little girl." Frivith turned Jeanette around and bent her over a table, and then took his chisel and started to spank her ass mercilessly. "The Princess, the Crown Princess, Heir to the throne of Zentara, carrying on in a whorehouse! Heh heh heh!" 

"Ah! Ah ah ah!" Jeanette cried out, again and again as she was spanked, trying to suppress the tremors of pleasure each impact sent through her body. Being discovered added a deliciously perverse twist on her game. The more he took advantage of it, the more she suppressed her worry over what he would ultimately do with the information. Would he blackmail her? For what?

Calloused old fingers pushed inside her, probing deep into her soaking wet snatch. "Heh, you're gushing, Princess Jeanette! You love this, don't you? Is that it? You're a dirty little slut who loves getting fucked?"

"Yes! Yes I'm a slut! A slutty Princess! A shame to my family and Kingdom! Nnnng!" Jeanette moaned harder as those bent and twisted fingers plunged in and out of her cunt. The depravity of the act, of being discovered, of thinking what her parents would say was quickly pushing her towards climax. She worked her hips back, eagerly fucking the mason's hand as he fingered her.

"Heh heh heh." Frivith coughed out a chuckle before pulling his fingers out of her. He brought them to his nose and inhaled the scent, and then slipped them between his lips to taste. "Delicious. I have something special planned for you, Princess. Would you like to hear about it?"

"Yessss..." She cooed and shook her backside, desperate to feel something inside her again.

"You're going to get fucked, Princess. Oh not by me, not anymore. And I know that being fucked isn't unusual for you, whore that you are. But tonight it's going to be different. Why? Because tonight, as you get fucked by every servant in the house, you're going to be watched by someone who knows who you are. The anonymity will be gone, and you'll be forced to wallow in the shame and arousal of your true self being exposed. Now, doesn't that sound special?"

Jeanette shuddered as Frivith laughed. The worst part was that it did sound special. Hearing the guests at the party talk unknowingly about her was both arousing and a little insulting, but this took it to a new level. A level beyond anything she had experienced before. Yet when Frivith's fingers rubbed over her clit, she responded eagerly to his touch as the arousal swept through her. "Yes Master!"

"Good girl." Frivith moved to the door and shouted, "Edward! Edward get in here!" A moment later a young man entered his work room. "Edward, go and tell the steward that it's time, then come back here. My apprentice deserves to be first in line!"

Jeanette shuddered as Edward looked at her lustfully. Had Frivith been planning this for the whole two weeks? It seemed like the whole household knew something had been planned. Edward turned and quickly ran off to follow the Master's order. "How many servants do you have, Master?"

"More than enough for the Gangbang Queen" he chortled. "I've been alive for 87 years, Your Highness, but it feels like now is the first time I'm alive. I never would have guessed that you would turn out be such a whore. Heh heh, 'Gangbang Queen'. Maybe that should be added to your royal titles when you ascend the throne?"

Her face burned in shame at his words. By the Abyss she hoped that he would keep quiet about this. A moment later Edward and rapidly approached the Princess. Frivith repositioned himself to sit in front of Jeanette, so he could look directly into her eyes as his apprentice positioned himself behind her. She looked up, eyes blazing as she locked gaze with the master.

Frivith grinned widely as he looked at the Princess. He could tell the exact moment that Edward pushed inside her just from her eyes. The Master Mason leaned in and whispered in her ear, "At least you know his name, but he's just the first. The others you won't. You might not even get to see their face. Just how it should be for a dirty slut like you. You're just a piece of meat, a cunt for every dirty commoner to thrust into!"

"Mmmm! Ah ah ah!" Jeanette panted in lust as Edward started moving his hips. She eagerly grinded backwards into his cock, and rolled his shaft inside her as she strove to make it push in at different angles and rub every bit of her insides. Her breasts rubbed against the rough wooden as she squirmed, sending sharp pains through her that nonetheless excited her. Frivith's words echoed through her mind as she wallowed in the degrading pleasure. She was forced to think about being the Queen of Gangbangs as the Queen. She imagined herself sitting on the throne getting fucked by her petitioners. She pictured herself, giving alms to the poor in the form of sexual favors. More and more lewd images flashed through her mind as she lost herself to the fantasies, until finally she found herself creaming around Edward's cock as the young man buried himself inside her.

Edward joined her a moment later, shooting his load deep inside Jeanette's cunt. The young man's hips continue to slap the Princess' sore bottom as he rode her through the climax. "Oh fuck!"

"She's a good whore, isn't she?" Asked Frivith. "One of the most popular in the city. They call her the Gangbang Queen, and tonight she's going to prove it!"

"She's the Gangbang Queen?" Edward asked in wonder. "I've heard of her, by the Abyss, half the city has! And I got to fuck her!"

"I take care of my people, don't I? Only the best for my house. This won't be the last time either, isn't that right, your highness?"

Jeanette flinched at the use of the honorific, but then realized he was talking about her being the Gangbang Queen. She had been in a post orgasmic gaze and barely heard them talking about her so casually. But that had snapped her out of it, and now he was implying this wouldn't end? "A-as long as you keep paying, Master. For the right coin I'll fuck however many you pay me too." She tried to maintain the brave front, her professional façade, but Frivith's knowing, leering grin cut through it.

The words sounded hollow to her. She thought she had created a strong persona as her whore self, but it all crumbled away now that Frivith knew who she was. Now, she was dirty, slutty, Princess Jeanette Grennally bent over a table, waiting to get fucked by all the servants in the Master's house. She closed her eyes and moaned, but they quickly shot open when Frivith smacked her cheek. 

"Keep them open, whore! I want to look in your eyes, and I want you to look in mine!" Master Frivith had seemed to kind at the party, but now his eyes had a malevolent gleam in them.

She locked eyes with him, not even looking away when the first servant came through the door. Not only did she not know his name, but now she didn't even know what he looked like. All she knew was that he had a nice, thick cock. It slammed inside her with no hesitation. Her already wet cunt was further lubed with the first load, so there was no need to be gentle or slow. The unknown man just pumped away hard and fast as he used the Princess as a cock sleeve.

"Oooooh! Ah ah ah ah!" Jeanette moaned whorishly as she felt the cock rub her insides. She lifted her hips and began to thrust back at him. She worked herself up and down against his powerful thrusts. She was getting so hot that the room started to spin, though somehow she managed to keep eye contact with the Master even as things got blurry.

Frivith leaned forward again to whisper. "Look at you, fucking him back like that. You're too slutty to just lie there and take it, right? You want to cum. You want to achieve your climax from a man you don't know and haven't seen. A servant, a common servant is fucking your pussy and you love every moment of it, don't you, you wicked slut?"

"Yessssss!" Jeanette cried out and started to climax. The degrading words and the lewd situation were too much for her. She convulsed on the worktable, crying out in pleasure as the servant continued to fuck her through her orgasm.

"Oh fuck, take it you slut! Aaaah!" The servant's cock began to explode, adding to the mess that Edward had left behind inside her. After his cock was done twitching, he pulled out and wiped it clean on the curve of her ass. The moment he stepped away, another servant she hadn't even seen enter the room pushed inside her.
