 As I mentioned many times already, Sy was designed to be a sex slave. There are however many ideas and features that I held back and did not implement due to a lack of time, resource and knowledge. Even though I'm the one who created her, it's an obvious fact that I now understand a lot more about Sy than I originally did. Not all of the concepts behind her are from me, I borrowed a lot of science that I took time to learn and master.

Then the missions came. Then Satie joined the family. And in the end, there were still many ideas I never got to try. One such idea was about to be implemented.

Though Sy can eat, her "stomach" metabolizes all food into energy and there is no waste and no maintenance whatsoever. It's a clean but terribly inefficient system and were she forced to depend on it, it would take ridiculous amounts of food to keep her going. This system exists only so she can occasionally pretend to eat. On certain missions, we might be asked to spend time with other people and eating food helps simulate the illusion of her humanity. Keep in mind that there are other, more personal substances a pretty golden goddess is regularly asked to swallow and I'd rather not have to clean that either.

Long story short, this means that Sy's rectal cavity exists exclusively for sexual purposes. It's a dead end, it's not connected to anything. It's essentially a lovely, tight and self-lubricating hole she owns between her glorious butt-cheeks. When I created her, I planned in advance and carpeted her anus as well as the whole surface of her rectal cavity with sensory input as precise and powerful as the nerve endings at the end of a man's penis. What I did not do however was write code to properly integrate that sensory input to her positronic matrix. Back then, I was really eager to have her with me as soon as I could so, I cut some corners round.

That was my new and latest side-project. Sy could feel when I sodomized her but she did not experience "true" pleasure. I thus planned to correct this deficiency and add more than what was possible with a normal human. I then linked that part of her sensory input to our "intimate wireless" system which meant I integrated a software dimmer that, on the lower end of the sensory spectrum made her feel a normal penetration, procuring her with as much pleasure as any woman taking it in the butt.

Should I choose to set her sensory input to the other end of the spectrum, a mere soft lick on her tight anus and she would go batshit insane with pleasure. A full penetration at that sensory level would send her crashing into an overwhelming maelstrom of delight and pain. I need to re-emphasize the fact that her whole rectal cavity is covered with these sensors.

She's mine. She's my toy and I like to hear my toy scream.

The end of the day had arrived. After a tense supper; Sy was as excited about this project as I was, it was finally time to test it. I took Sy to our playroom and for a few long minutes, we just hugged and kissed as I slowly stripped her of all her clothes.

My sex doll finally in the nude, I turned her around, gently forced her on her knees and tied her up. The best position to test my device was to have her on her knees, legs spread as wide as she could. Her arms were kept above her head, tied by a restraining device that was attached to the ceiling so she was one hundred percent accessible and vulnerable. 

I sat in a very low chair just behind her and adjusted her sensory input at about 40% before trying our new mutual plaything.

One thing that was particularly enjoyable about Sy was that, since she wasn't biological, her pubes and her anus were always clean and odorless. Her skin was designed to emanate a faint but pleasant odor to stimulate and comfort the unconscious human need my mind felt but essentially, I could go down on her at absolutely any time and there would never be any surprises. This is why I chose to go head first. Grabbing both her lovely butt cheeks, I spread them to give me a flawless view of her perfectly tight anus and started licking it softly. The result was absolute and immediate: Sy started moaning like a horny slut. I kept at it while and was pleased to see her wiggle her ass to force my tongue to touch her at different spots. The sensor mapping worked beyond my expectations.

I eventually backed up. Again, her reaction was immediate. She looked over her shoulder and gave me puppy eyes as she wailed pitifully, patiently waiting for me to continue the experiment. Very slowly, I inserted a finger as deep as the second knuckle, giving her a superficial penetration. Her moaning was getting a lot louder. I found my desire however to be a lot less intense than what I expected it to be.

I quickly realized that although this project felt very rewarding, I was still thinking about Satie. I loved Sy, there was no denying that, but deep down, it was Satie I wanted tied up here, my manhood deeply entrenched in her round and tight ass. I kept fingering Sy's anus for a few long minutes, her moaning never decreasing. It didn't look like the program was able to solve into an orgasm but that was something I could easily fix later.

It was almost comical. This insanely beautiful, absolutely perfect golden-blonde goddess tied up, completely nude. Her legs spread wide, her enticing temple ready to be taken as brutally as any man could ever like. Yet, the only man in the room sat there, pensively poking her anus as he was thinking about another girl.

And then the door slowly opened. My heart skipped a beat as Satie carefully eked in the room observing us like a curious child. All she wore was a blue-grey velvet babydoll that was a few inches too short for her. She took a few shy steps, entering the room. As she slowly walked, every time her legs uncrossed into her next step, I could catch a glimpse of her soft, earthy-orange pussy. My heart raced and I was forced to admit that soon enough, it felt like Sy was not even in the room anymore.

"What are you doing? Why are you hurting Sy?" She softly asked. Her voice was so tentative, so silky and shy, it made me desire her all the more.

My first reflex was to remove my finger from Sy's anus. As if she had suddenly been released from a long and tiring effort, my android exhaled once and took a deep, cleansing breath.

Sy shifted her torso so she was able to fully face Satie. Her cheeks were flushed with red and she felt out of breath. Those were simulated responses of course. Sy could run one hundred miles and never feel any sort of exertion.

"Satie honey, he's not hurting me! We're playing a game! Would you like to play with us?" Sy's voice was dripping with honey, I had no idea she could sound so motherly and so slutty at the same time.

"I don't want to be tied up!" Satie immediately answered, taking a short step back, fear taking control of her beautiful eyes.

"Oh no, no! We won't tie you up! We play this game using my body so I'm the only one who gets to be tied up. Don't worry sweet baby, I really enjoy it!"

Satie hesitates. "So... what is the game then?"

Sy smiled sweetly. "The game is very simple. I really enjoy letting the people I love play with my body. I love getting my tits groped and my pussy fingered but tonight, it's my bum that wants to feel good all over! Oohhh... It would feel so good when I'm tied up like this, see? Unable to move while you slowly lick and kiss and finger my butt. I would love it soooo much if you wanted to try! You could come right over here and use your lovely mouth! Would you like to kiss and lick my anus? I bet your lips are soft and hot! Oh please Satie! Say you'll do it for me!"

That phrase, right there. That almost made me come without even touching myself. I had NO idea Sy could be such a perverted slut. I must say I really, really enjoyed it. The proposition was so unbelievably direct and obscene, any normal woman would have been utterly repulsed by the idea.

Well... for a short moment, Satie was.

"Isn't that... at all disgusting?" 

The question was natural and sound. At least, for someone who was not a sexual deviant such as myself. Believe me when I say that if Satie asked me to drop on all four and lick her anus right here, right now, I would not ask if she took a shower first. I'd get behind her and get a taste without a single moment hesitation.

Still, it made sense that she asked this much and part of me was glad that she displayed some social normalcy. A fact I needed to remind myself often was that Satie had a very hard time integrating the idea that Sy was an android and not a biological creature.

"Sy's intimate regions cannot be filthy because she's an android. She does not sweat, she does not pee and does not produce any solid waste." My answer was neutral and not overly complicated.

Satie eyed me suspiciously a moment. "Oh right, I remember you telling me that before."

"Sure! How else could I do this?" I asked as I grabbed Sy's butt cheeks, spread them wide again, perhaps a tad more vigorously than necessary as I pressed the broad of my tongue against her anus, instantly sending my golden android into a moaning fit. I kept my tongue working there, vigorously licking a few long seconds for good measure. Sy was just going insane with pleasure and I knew for a fact that none of it was simulated.

It's funny how I was doing the exact same thing just a little while ago and yet, it almost felt boring. I soon discovered that dominating Sy in front of an audience gave me intense feelings of excitement and satisfaction. Apparently, it affected Sy as well, her vocal response was much more intense for what was arguably the same stimuli. Did she enjoy being used in front of someone else?

I felt Satie carefully moving closer. "Well... Sy is always so nice to me and I'd love to be nice to her in return..." Tentatively declared my sweet little Satie.

I abandoned Sy's ass and allowed Satie to take my place. Sy kept moaning a little while her new tormentor was getting ready to play with her. Satie chose not to sit but assumed a position that looked a lot less comfortable to me: she knelt and dropped down on her elbows so she rested on all four of her limbs, proving once again that she was indeed just like a wild animal I tried to tame.

Slowly and carefully, Satie moved closer to Sy. Standing a few feet behind, I had an absolutely glorious view of the scene. My golden Sy, completely nude was panting with excitement and apprehension while my lovely little Satie slowly stalked toward her nude prey. Each inch she crawled made her back arch inward; her babydoll sliding down accordingly, away from her rising pelvis so soon enough, I had a complete and unrestricted view of Satie's hairy snatch and round ass. My penis was so hard, it almost hurt. The temptation to pick a hole and savagely destroy it was overwhelming.

Satie finally reached her goal and allowed her pink, gleaming lips to delicately kiss Sy's vaginal labia. That first kiss was so soft, so shy, I just about lost my mind. After a few more daring kisses, my velvet-clad wild beast opened her pretty mouth and gave Sy a few slow and careful licks, her pointy little tongue finding its way inside Sy's divine cunt. My golden android loudly moaned but managed to speak a few words through her delight. "Satie baby... uhh... ahh... I love this very much but... aahhh... this isn't the game we play tonight... please... my anus.. Ahh..."

Satie silently acknowledged and after a moment's hesitation, moved upward toward Sy's butthole. Her slow, careful kisses sent Sy roaring with pleasure but I noticed how much effort my golden lover put in toning down her reaction not to scare Satie off.  

Very slowly, Satie grew bolder and added some vigor to her discovery of Sy's tight butthole. Keeping balance with her legs alone, Satie lifted her hands from the ground and grabbed Sy's upper thighs, pressing her face even harder against Sy's sexual pleasure center. Sy was going absolutely insane. No longer worried about Satie's reaction, she clamored and wailed in pure pleasure as she trashed about, tied to her restraints. The two divine creatures soon became interlocked into their own game so I was free to do as I wished. I kneeled next to Satie and carefully fondled her butt cheeks. My initial touch made her twitch and reel back somewhat but she was so focused into eating Sy's ass that she soon grew to accept the feeling of my hand on her ass. I let two of my fingers slide between Satie's cheeks and found her tight butthole. I knew I had to take my time so I just stayed there, gently stroking the opening of her moist anus. She didn't mind.

Being so close to her private parts was a glorious experience. Her smell was unique and entrancing. It had been years since I had been with a living woman so Sy's "odorless" body had become the norm to me. 

I moved my head closer and allowed myself to fully experience her vaginal musk mixed with just a hint of sweat. It was deliriously exciting. I abandoned her ass and very, very slowly migrated toward her crotch as I took a handful of her pubes. My hand completely covered her vulva but she kept ignoring my exploration so I began massaging her, rubbing my finger against her labia.

It began very softly but Satie soon joined Sy in her moaning. It was an amazing duo, two angels singing for me as I felt my heart racing with love and lust. Satie's voice was of a higher pitch, though she was a grown adult, she still sounded young and innocent. I was hard pressed to decide how far I wanted to go but as a man, I could take no more of this without doing something.

This was the line I was now ready to cross with Satie. The complete submission she showed as she was giving Sy the most intense rim job I had ever seen proved once and for all that she was ready for sex, so I decided to go all out.

I removed my hand from her crotch; she barely noticed anyways. Getting on my knees behind her, I gently rubbed my erect penis across her pubic hair. I just then noticed how coarser it was than Sy's artificially created pilosity. Everything about Sy was meant to be soft. Don't get me wrong; Satie's wild fiery patch was still silky and delicate just, not as much as Sy's.

And after a moment that felt like an eternity, I slowly eased two or three inches inside Satie's tight vagina.

Her reaction was immediate: she brutally thrusted forward to eject me and looked at me straight in the eyes, bewildered. She spoke no words. All she did was remain there, looking at me with eyes filled not with anger but simply with incomprehension and confusion. 

"Satie are you ok?" Asked Sy, her voice still shaken by pleasure.

Satie looked at her as well, then at me before she sprang up and ran out of the room without looking back.

"What happened?" Sy's voice was now a small, disappointed wail. "I was having so much fun..."

"Too soon. I tried going into her and she freaked out."

Sy frowned, visibly annoyed. "You should have waited! You're too impatient!"

My lover's expression instantly changed as she realized her words and regretted them. The golden angel, hopelessly bound to my whim, so vulnerable and lovely. Her expression shifting to utter submission, her eyes pleading for my mercy. 

Too late. 

I was pissed. I was incredibly pissed by this reversal. I wanted Satie so bad and all I managed to do is emotionally push her back most likely days, perhaps even weeks.

And now my android was scolding me like some sort of disgruntled girlfriend. Fuck that.

I cranked Sy's rectal sensors all the way to the max and rushed toward her. For that very brief second as her brain processed the signal sent and as she realized what I was about to do, the look on her face was purely priceless.

Utter terror.

"Wait! No! I'm sorry! No WAIT! NOT SO HIGH!"

My cock slammed deep into her anus and I sodomized her as brutally as I could. Sy screamed like a banshee. Those weren't screams of pleasure.

I destroyed her tight artificial ass for a good thirty seconds before I was about to come. Her long golden hair flailed around, her lovely tits bounced up and down and the helplessness in her voice never diminished as she screamed in what was an overwhelming maelstrom of ecstasy and pain.

And then it was too much for her. 

Sy's OS crashed.

When a human woman passes out, she becomes limp and soft.

Do you know what happens when an android passes out?

The exact opposite.

All the joints in Sy's indestructible skeleton locked into position. Her polysilicon flesh hardened into defensive mode and Sy simply stopped moving.

So once second, I was fucking a soft, malleable goddess. The next, I was hitting my cock against the cybernetic equivalent of a marble statue.

So much for a night of fun.

Oh and I didn't come either, in case you were wondering.