 I felt my legs grow weak. Sy was winning me over and she knew it.

Satie's tongue busied itself deeper in my mouth, her breathing was growing faster as her hands aggressively sought my body. Her constant moaning remained barely audible over Sy's overly enthusiastic voice. Both were trying their best to convince me, one with her words, the other with her body. 

"Pretty please?!" Sy insisted. "Just by looking at you I know that you want to tear it from her body. I know how you won't be satisfied until you discover just how well this soft new outfit will obey your destructive impulses. You want to brutally tear it down and fuck her until she screams. Wouldn't you like to try? I'm sure Satie's perfectly OK with that!"

"But the mission..." I had to wrest my mouth away from Satie so I could say these words. My voice was so unconvincing, Sy didn't even let me finish.

"Twenty two minutes, give or take fifteen seconds. This is how much time I will need to make another one exactly like the one she's wearing. All the necessary info has been compiled, it's only a matter of redoing the same steps. The fabric is already printed. I could do it in my sleep, if I ever slept at all, which I don't so the saying is wasted, BUT, you still need at least half an hour to prep the shuttle. We can afford it, no harm comes to the mission."

This prompted me to feel around once more, teasing the warm fabric with my free hand. No matter where I touched Satie, the feel was heavenly, nothing less than a growing temptation, a velvet shell to encourage the consumption of Satie's longing body. 

"And what about the time spent... before you make her a her outfit?" I asked. I didn't care for the answer, Sy was already winning me over but I was curious to hear.

Sy fidgeted so bad, it was hard to convince myself she wasn't human. 

"It won't take long! Just a quickie! Both of us on her all at once and we do as much as we can in as little time as we can! You know, like a game! The soft maiden taken brutally? Without mercy? We can take our time and pick up where we left when we come back!"

She really did sound like a little girl asking a parent for a special permission.

Satie abandoned my mouth, backing up just enough so her eyes could meet mine and give me an expectant look. The poor girl trembled more than ever. Even though I wasn't stimulating her anymore, her moaning didn't stop. 

This worried me. Her moans were getting intensely uneven. The mere prospect of what could happen was making Satie lose her mind. It could be an indication that her system was starting to collapse into neural shock, reacting to what her brain perceived as a possible source of the hormones she needed so badly. At this point, I was most likely pushing her too close to her breakdown threshold, teasing her with a release I was not yet giving her. Satie's whole body was panicking from the overwhelming chemical dependency, begging for the sweet, releasing orgasms that would once again unleash streams of OE through her system.

Nothing less than a chemically induced nymphomaniac.

We could do it, technically. Getting to Cloreps would take long enough, a quick fuck before we left for the mission would give her so little OE, she would remain stable a while and be starved again by the time we got there.

But what if we couldn't keep it to a quick fuck? What if we indulged in the glory of Satie's body for hours on end and completely sated her?

My stare travelled down from Satie's flushed cheeks, quickly hovering over her erect nipples and landed on the lovely velvet triangle below her lower abdomen. 

There was no longer any point in resisting, the battle was lost. It took just about every bit of will left in me not to take her all at once. 

I chose to play with this situation and see how far I could stretch Satie's will before she threatened to snap. If there was a moment to test how far her breakdown threshold was, it was now.

The cruel scientist, if you will.

"I'm sorry ladies, no matter how much I agree with you, I must deny Satie her pleasure. Sex would be compromising for our little girl next door, no matter how bad I want to fuck her right now."

Taking a very long moment to strip Satie down with my eyes, I allowed my words to sink in. The effect was devastating on both my girls. Satie's arms dropped, she was about to cry. Sy was facing a situation that was completely new to her and her systems were working overclock to try and find a solution, an argument to convince me. I wonder if this made her appreciate all the little philosophy sessions we shared together.

Riding the momentum, I went on.

"Just look at her, so vulnerable and beautiful, moaning and trembling, yearning to be fucked by the impossibly hard member I keep hidden in here. A shame we have to refuse her." 

My words tortured them even further as I comically rubbed my crotch. The look on Satie's face was priceless, her need looked almost painful. 

Turning the knife in the wound was all I could do at this point. 

"The mission is what matters. Satie's isomorphs are getting just right where I want them. Her corporal need for endorphin and oxytocin is rising every hour and this makes her hornier, more willing and more desirable. Just what we need to distract our bad guy."

Centering her focus through an impossible feat of restraint, Satie took a deep breath and tried to speak her part. 

"But oxytocin and endorphin make me cuddly and horny..."

"I know baby. And believe me, it's so hard to resist you..." My words deliberately cut her in mid-sentence as my hands reached toward, cupping her lovely breasts and casually squeezed them, as if the gesture carried no more meaning than a pat on the shoulder. Satie tried to follow her train of thought, it was highly entertaining to see it wreck so badly. Her voice stuttered, broken by soft exclamations.

"...and I want to be fucked and fucked again and.. ahh.. I want to feel like that all the time but... mmhh.. only with you because... I love you both so much!" 

As I fondled her breasts, Satie's voice broke into a whiny and desperate plea, no longer leveled in any way. The effort she made to stay focused was admirable. I didn't make it easy for her; I was done with casual squeezing. Using my fingers instead, I repeatedly flicked my thumb over the velvet covering her left nipple while my right hand fingers mercilessly twisted and turned the other one. Poor Satie was drifting into pure madness.

I even considered fucking Sy in front of Satie to see how far I could take her over the edge. Worse case scenario: Satie's isomorphs went into shock, I still had enough artificial OE juice to tip her back.

The idea was entertaining but it would provide little else than an indication of Satie's hard limit at the cost of significant emotional pain on her. No go, I needed a better experiment.

At the very least, I needed to shift Satie's focus elsewhere, see if she was still able to work with anything else than sex in her current state.

"I understand you Satie and trust me when I say I share your desire. You are so beautiful and I also love you very, very much and I must focus very hard not to just take you right here and now."

I twisted her nipples harder and pulled for good measure. Satie shivered and moaned loudly but remained there, allowing me to abuse her lovely chest as she patiently waited, expecting no more from me because she was convinced she would get none. 

"It's important for this distraction to work to have you as desirable as humanly possible, Belarix is not an amateur."

My adorable mutant's words suffered no delay and this time, anger made her voice much steadier. 

"Fuck Belarix. Fuck his biodata and his money and fuck YOU and your money. It's you I need right now. I need you inside me. Now! Just fuck me already. Quit teasing my goddamn boobs and fuck me. Please! FUCK ME! Pleaaaase!" 

Satie whined some more, anxiously wiggling her hips, her eyes sinking into a trance filled with desire and want. My thumbs repeatedly flicked both her hard nipples. Feeling them under the warm velvet was something I could do all day. Besides, there were no longer any consequences to priming her even harder; my experiment had failed. Satie was passed her point of no return. If I gave her nothing, the mission would fail as she was clearly no longer able to focus on anything else. 

And neither would I. I needed this. It was pointless of me to deny it, the pressure in my lower abdomen was quickly growing unbearable, I wanted to fuck her just as hard as she wanted me herself.

Might as well make the most of this.

"Let me consult Sy on the matter." I tried to sound as serious as I could, which was a feat in itself, my mind was almost entirely focused on everything Satie owned between her thighs and her bellybutton.

Abandoning Satie's adorable tits, I walked a few steps back, inviting Sy to join me. Satie tried to follow us.

"No Satie, stay there!" Sy commanded before I could even speak. Her voice was sharp and commanding but it displayed no hostility. 

Sy was taking command while Satie obeyed, submissive and dominated. 

I nearly lost my mind.

Poor Satie looked beyond desperate. Her pleading eyes on me, her mouth closed in a thin, hard line, there she remained, whining pitifully, her closed fists trembling on each side of her body. 

The obedient little mutant was silently begging me to give her permission.

It was nothing less than the ultimate pervert game come true.

Sy walked to me. As soon as she was within arm's reach, I grabbed her by the waist and angrily pulled her body against mine. Poor girl was so surprised, she almost tripped and fell. One of my hands found the back of her head and, grabbing a handful of her golden mane, pulled her in so I could give her a ravenous, passionate kiss, showing her that though I was lusting for Satie, Sy was still my one true love. Sy opened wide and kissed back with way more enthusiasm than necessary, adding some loud moaning of her own. I knew she was putting such a display on purpose and it suited me just fine. 

My other hand drifted down to her perfect butt and casually explored the curves hidden under her clothes as I pushed against her harder so I could rub my own and dry-hump her pelvis with abandon. 

A few quick seconds went by before my hand found its way inside her pants so I could work my middle finger into her anus as deeply as I could. I made sure to crank her receptors up so I would get a proportional reaction. The result was just as pleasing as I expected, Sy immediately broke into a fit of amorous wailing.

Left all alone, out of the action, Satie was going out of her mind. Frantically shifting her weight from one leg to the other, she looked like someone who desperately needed to take a piss, barely able to hold on any longer. 

Poor little thing, so adorable yet so pitiful to look at. Her sexual compass was completely biased. Technically, she could just go by herself and ignore us. Masturbation would release tons of OE just fine. 

She wouldn't. 

What Satie wanted, what Satie needed, was a brutal fuck. In her mind. nothing else would do.

Sy's kiss remained blissfully intense, our tongues played amorously together for a few long seconds. I wanted to stay there but words had to be said. Leaving the comfort of her lips, I nibbled the skin of her cheeks until my lips stopped close to her ear where I playfully flicked my tongue, prompting Sy to giggle like a schoolgirl between every few of her wails. My hand was still busy, two of my fingers stimulating various regions of her anal receptors. I spoke a few soft phrases in Sy's ear, explaining my plan. The fact that she was wailing without end was not an issue, she was an android and processing my words while she screamed was an effortless task to her. 

My idea finally explained, I took my hand away from my android, out of her anus and out of her pants. The air on my fingers felt cold compared to her intimate warmth but I knew that the in just a few minutes, the entire room would feel a lot warmer.

Sy stopped her wailing just as suddenly. Taking a long, cleansing breath, my lover walked a step away from me and offered me a smile that wholefully enslaved me to her. A discrete and lovely nod of her head expressed her complete approval of my plan. 

I never tired of seeing her emulate humanity so faithfully. Although her system did need air for some of her basic functions, there was not a single reason why Sy would ever need to take a cleansing breath. 

It was all about illusion.. 

Without another word, we both turned to face Satie and very slowly walked to her. Sy displayed a commanding stare while I grinned like a pleased fucker. 

Satie didn't need to be told what was going to happen to her. Her quivering and trembling had been a constant part of her behavior for these last few minutes but this was nothing compared to the intensity of the reaction prompted by our advance. The poor girl paced without moving, her fists closing and opening again. Satie's entire body was surrendering to the inevitable, her eyes anxiously unable to decide which of us to devour. Our excited little prey tried to voice her thoughts but all that came out of her were formless, pitifully excited sounds. 

We reached her at the same time, coming to a stop so we both flanked her as closely as we could without actually touching her. Uncertain as to what we were going to do, Satie stayed motionless, expectant and vulnerable. The sexual tension was beyond anything I had ever felt with Sy alone. 

Speaking of the golden goddess, Sy looked as calm as ever. The only hard part she had to play in this game was done; all that was left for her was the fun and easy part, what she had been programmed for in the very first place.

We stayed like this a few long seconds, drinking the cup of Satie's ecstatic despair. 

Crushed by the sexual tension. the lovely young woman exhaled a long, stuttering whine that broke us out of our trance.. 

Moving in complete unison, our four hands reached out to Satie; the fondling game had begun. Our prey's explosive reaction rewarded us as she melted in our hands. We never remained at the same place for more than a few short seconds. There was not a place on Satie's body we did not profane with our hungry touch. Her neck, her face, her hair, her tits, her ass, her crotch, her belly, her arms and her legs. Her whole body responded to us as she slithered like a snake, trying to force us to touch her everywhere at once. Our prey kept busy as well, her left hand rubbing my hard member, desperately trying to get inside my trousers while her right hand manhandled Sy's crotch as best she could.

We took turns kissing Satie for several seconds at a time. Our excited little gal was in bliss, going insane with amorous display, she moaned, she giggled, she moaned again. Her kisses were deep, hungry and passionate. I couldn't help but notice how she never closed her eyes as she kissed, as if she feared we might disappear if she did. 

Satie was finally getting all the attention she craved and she knew full well that she was about to get a whole lot more of it. The lovely mutant was fired up and there was no going back. 

While she was busy sticking her tongue as deep as she could inside Sy's mouth, my lips brushed Satie's ear, tickled by a few strands of her silky hair. "You win Satie. I'm going to fuck you. I'm going to make you scream like a little cunt and I'll cover that lovely outfit with loads of sticky liquid."

My fiery little beast never answered; not with words at least. Once Satie was in full sexual mode, there were no more words. Her motion, her loud breathing, her kisses growing deeper and more frantic, that was how Satie answered. She was reverting to a creature of instinct and her whole body was getting ready for what was to come. The lovely velvet between her legs was no longer dry and soft; a moist patch was already spreading from her labia to her upper legs.

Taking care to stretch the magic of the moment, I spun Satie until she faced me. Her mouth was now mine to keep for as long as I saw fit. I placed it under my dominion and drank deeply from the cup of her lips. Squeezing both her buttcheeks with considerable enthusiasm as I pressed my body against hers. Sy's hands were caught between us, her fingers clasped over Satie's breasts, twisting and pinching her delicate nipples with calculated cruelty. My android pressed her own body against Satie's backside so my hands were kept prisoner as well.

Caught between us, unable and unwilling to escape, Satie was no longer moaning. Her voice was breaking into long and plaintive wails, her pleading eyes in mine, her face was flushed red, she breathed loud and hard.

That was all I could handle. I was about to come from just dry humping her and that would have been extremely disappointing, not to mention embarrassing. 

My stare was raised to meet Sy's. 

I nodded. 

She knew.

Carefully removing Satie's clothes would have been too much of a hassle at this point. Our need was immediate. Whatever was to happen needed to happen right now. Sy moved her hands down and grabbed Satie's soft leggings on both sides of the crotch. Pulling hard with her powerful mechanical hands, my android destroyed the fabric near the central seam; the lovely velvet cracked and tore with a cry of agony, revealing our prey's wet and furry pussy, ready to be fucked. Satie briefly winced and yelped in surprise.

The act of destroying or defiling a lovely piece of velvet always felt gloriously erotic to me, Sy knew this, but there was no way I would have been able to tear a hole in such tight leggings without the risk of seriously hurting Satie's skin. Sy was strong and precise enough, she could do it with her eyes closed. There had been no pain, Satie reaction had merely been triggered by the unexpected.

I was content with grabbing Satie's delicate blouse on both sides of her V-neck, allowing my hands to briefly feel the timidly soft and helpless fabric which silently pleaded for my kind mercy. Smiling reassuringly, I offered it one last, intimate caress before enacting the horrible betrayal I planned as I pulled hard, murdering the seam that ran down below her cute little breasts. Her adorable boobs popped out, their nipples still somewhat red from all the recent manhandling but all I could focus on was the torn velvet, lingering in my hands.

So once more, just like that, our precious little mutant no longer had anything to hide from us. Her eyes were opened wide, not from the sudden nudity for which she cared next to none, but from the anticipation of what was inevitably coming. 

Sy lowered her stance and wrapped her powerful arms around Satie's upper legs, picking her from the ground and spreading her legs wide in order to bring her just the right height so I could go in without effort. My android secured her balance, allowing Satie the leisure of leaning against her chest, offering the young woman's wet cunt to me so I could do whatever I wished with absolute impunity. 

I reached down and allowed my impossibly hard member to come out of my trousers as Satie looked with a deep hunger in her eyes. There would be no more fooling around, no more time wasted on useless foreplay. Satie sharply exhaled as the tip of my cock slid against the lovely fur between her legs; such a very short moment before it found its purpose, pushing deeply as I slammed my whole deep inside her. There was absolutely no friction or resistance, Satie would hardly ever be readier than she was now.

Words failed me, my mind forced to a grinding halt. Only this instant existed. It was hard to understand. Fucked Satie was something I did on a regular basis but with perhaps the exception of our very first time together, never did it feel so satisfying.  
