 [Note to my readers: I am having a great time writing this story but your input would mean the world to me. Use the comment section or send me a private message, tell me what you liked!]

------

"Tell me Satie, how would you like to help me further the cause of all mutants? It wouldn't be easy, it would be dangerous but the payoff would be great!"

Pondering my question, Satie was sitting in a corner, hugging her knees as she looked at me. Her eyes were as curious as ever. She looked calm on the outside but I knew that her mind was all over the place. Dressed in her attire of choice, a simple royal blue velvet tank top that was as ever a few inches too short and some soft looking, pale underwear so thin and tight, it kept absolutely no secret as to what was hidden under. She reminded me of some lounging, overgrown teenager, oblivious to the silent yet explosive sexual message she broadcasted across the room.

I guess I would never really get used to see her wear so little clothing around the house. It used to be a constant source of fantasy, imagining all I would do to her once she would allow me the pleasure. And now that this pleasure was a reality, the sight of her quasi-nude attire only kindled my desire even harder. When Satie was nearby, some level of will was always necessary to focus on a conversation rather than on how brutally I wanted to fuck her. 

"Well?" I asked, she didn't look like she was about to give me an answer anytime soon.

"I'm thinking." Satie answered with a neutral voice.

Stifling a laugh, I inquired. "What is there to think about? It's a great cause and you're a mutant."

Mutation was commonplace in our day and age, with humanity travelling the stars, exposed to energies and radiations that were alien to our original genetic makeup, it was no wonder that human females occasionally gave birth to offspring that were different from what nature had intended.

Mutation manifested itself through many possible results. Bodily mutations as trivial as oddly pigmented skin, eyes that could see a larger light spectrum, phosphorescent hair. Sometimes, the change went deeper. More fingers, less fingers, altered internal organs, altered limbs. The scope was vast. Psychological mutations were just as frequent but understandably harder to detect. Telepaths, empaths, limited telekinesis, heightened and lessened senses, mutants who could feel and read energy fields.

Satie's mutation was, to the best of my already amazingly vast knowledge, quite unique. Her body carried a cycle of isomorphic hormones which, as I discovered earlier, could be chemically manipulated. I was still in the process of fully understanding the scope and impact of these manipulations. For everything else, Satie was a pure, normal human.

Considering how well hidden her mutation was, What puzzled me was how it had been discovered to begin with. Clinical tests were my best guess for now but who would have asked for them and why? I needed to take a note and investigate this further, time allowing of course.

Satie had no memory of her childhood and no idea where she was from. As far as she knew, her life began in a cage and caged she remained for over twenty years, up to the very day I purchased her and offered her an alternative to abuse, neglect and steel bars.

"You don't really care about the cause." My lovely mutant quipped. "I'm guessing that you figured some way to turn this shining example of philanthropic altruism into a nice little profit. You need my help because without cash, you can't give me my OE juice and you can't buy what's needed to maintain your mechanical sex doll in working order so, you're not really asking me to help mutants, you're asking me to help you. Or us, by proxy." 

Satie cocked her head a little bit, wearing that pensive yet adorable look, "Still, I'm trying to count how many times mutantkind did anything for me during that charming period of my life when I was caged like a beast." Satie's head tilted a bit as she adjusted her stare to meet mine. "Which was most of my life if you recall correctly."

I knew where she was getting at but this amused me without end so I let her at it.

Satie was right on all accounts, of course.

My cute little mutant nodded as she took another pause, wild locks of her long, lovely orange hair falling over her shoulder. I noticed how one of her agile hands had slowly drifted toward her underwear. How Satie slowly and delicately rubbed her soft mound without even realizing it. The gesture was executed so casually, no more socially inappropriate to her than twiddling a strand of her hair. This showed just how far sexuality had integrated Satie's life; she was always turned on, a situation I will explain in just a moment.

"Wait, I'm almost there... add this value, carry the four..."

Suddenly abandoning her unconscious fondling game so she might clap her hands together, Satie raised her voice, trying to sound more serious than she obviously was.

"YES! WHAT A COINCIDENCE!!"

"Do tell..." Again, I struggled not to laugh.

Satie sprang up. I couldn't help but notice how her firm tits bounced under the velvet, partly robbing me of my focus on this trainwreck of a conversation. Her nipples pointed mercilessly through the heavenly fabric, begging me to reach out and gently twist them with the tip of my fingers.

"Can you believe that the number of times the mutant community helped me is absolutely, completely equal to the amounts of fucks I give about their cause? What were the odds?"

As I said, a completely different person. The hormone regulation process I engineered for her helped her integrate so much . After I discovered that oxytocin and endorphin could be used to manipulate her isomorphic hormones, I was able to run tests, mild at first but increasing in dosage to know exactly what her boundaries were. 

I gathered that left in its natural state, Satie's isomorphic cycle tried to remain "balanced", which was really not socially good for her because without a clear hormonal dominance, she was constantly torn between chaotic and conflicting impulses. This is why Satie had proved so wild and hard to tame in her untreated state. The blood samples I took from her after the very first, intense threesome we shared with Sy were what gave me the idea to positively unbalance her with oxytocin and endorphin.

This first set of tests provided Sy and myself with both interesting academic results and erotic entertainment for the first few days. It allowed us to finally strip Satie of whatever was left of her disruptive behavior and mold her into a more civil and cooperative individual. Oxytocin and endorphin, through a chemical compound we came to call "OE juice", shaped her isomorphic hormones so they would put her natural combativeness to sleep. This made Satie more, calm, cuddling, generally lovable and of course, more willing to be fucked as often as I wanted her, which was pretty much every day.

From a purely objective perspective, there was nothing for me to complain about. No more half naked teasing, I was free to rip those annoying, skimpy garments from her anytime I pleased and take her however I liked. Soft, hard, fast or slow, Satie never said no. Which should have been a warning of things to come, but the problem is that thinking with your genitals makes you into a very poor scientist.

Science projects. Nothing ever plays out the way you like.

After a few days being content with never saying no, Satie started feeling increased craving.

No, not for OE juice.

For sex.

I no longer needed to take her whenever I fancied. She did that for me. Day. Night. Morning or supper. Satie would pounce me and tear my clothes off and off we went until she had enough.

The reason she behaved that way was easy to figure out but it takes a while to explain.

Satie's isomorphic hormonal cycle wasn't meant to be artificially kept close to one end of the spectrum for such a long period. Routine blood tests showed me that in order to keep her system where I wanted it, it would require more and more OE juice with every passing day. If I ignored that need and tried to give her controlled doses, over time, her body would enter an auto-degenerative pattern which would start to damaging her DNA after just a relatively short time.

There was no way to tell how high her biological requirements would go before her system finally stabilized and besides, I couldn't provide as much OE artificially for two very obvious reasons.

First, it was extremely expensive to synthesize oxytocin and endorphin at such an accelerated rate. Then, artificially pumping that much into her would not only make her into a drug addict, it could seriously harm her in the long run. 

So let her die by doing nothing, or kill her by doing too much. We direly needed better options.

Our first idea was to temporarily stop giving her OE juice, allowing Satie to hormonally rebalance, out of the cuddly end of the spectrum and back towards the middle. By doing that, we hoped her needs would simply "reset" to a more manageable level. We tried that a few days but we didn't care much for the results. It made her wild and disruptive again. Funny enough, she still wanted sex but fucking her while she was in that state was... hazardous at best.

Fortunately, my golden sex-bot is a wizard when it comes to healing scars and chipped bones.

Sy then came with another idea, a way to keep Satie stable with limited OE juice intake and yet, without triggering the degenerative cycle: all we needed to do was constantly stimulate her natural OE production.

And it worked!

While I provided Satie with the strict minimum to keep her going, carefully monitoring her levels, her own female body came to the rescue and created whatever else she needed, so long as the proper stimulation was kept applied.

So how do you stimulate a female body into naturally manufacturing these two precious substances?

Endorphin is easy. It's the reward hormone. Physical exercise, laughter, good times, good food, good anything. All of the above will end up with endorphin production to some level.

Oxytocin is another matter entirely. The easiest way for a female body to create truckloads of it is through childbirth and lactation.

No. Thanks.

So there is one more way for a female to create oxytocin and endorphin naturally and at the same time. Not in insane amounts, but enough to keep Satie going.

Sex. Lots and lots of sex.

Satie's body naturally soon understood this and sent her libido ramming through the roof. During her hormonal peaks, Satie needed to be fucked six, seven, eight times a day (to climax) for more than an hour at a time.

Her peaks come at least twice a week, over the clock.

I am just one man.

This is where Sy came into play. As an android, she enjoyed next to infinite stamina, it soon became her job (and hobby) to service Satie until I managed to find a less... time consuming solution.

So there. I transformed a wild, untamed beauty into a sex starved vixen and the only way to keep her sane was to let her monopolize my very own sex bot.

Which brought us back to my idea of "helping all mutantkind."

Satie was still waiting for my reaction, I gave her an answer instead.

"Ok fine, no helping the mutants. How about you get some payback instead?"

Satie immediately lit up. "Ooooh payback sounds fun! That I can do any day!"

That would be the latent result the OTHER thing we tried before settling on letting Sy sex her five times a day.

As I explored options to keep Satie's cycle out of its degenerative pattern, I came up with other chemical compounds I wanted to try on her isomorphic hormonal system. The happy, cuddly end of the spectrum was all fun and nice but I also wanted to see what was on the other side.

The occasion was too good to miss and if I was going to try something, might as well think big.

While OE juice made Satie purr and moan like a female cat in heat, "AT" juice made her growl, and not the fuck-me kind of growl. AT stood for Adrenaline and testosterone. Pumped with enough of that and Satie no longer wanted to cuddle and fuck.

She wanted to fight. Hard.

Funny thing is, for the very short period where we tested that, while she was ready and willing to kick ass, Satie didn't revert into the closed-up, scared beast she had been two months ago. That behavior had nothing to do with her hormones. That was self-defense against a harsh world bent on using and abusing her.

Satie was still mentally all there, fully interacting with us and completely integrated with the family, if you can call a rampaging, combative young woman "integrated". Her aggressivity was staggering. When I say she wanted to fight, I mean exactly that. With just minute doses of AT juice, her mind became sharp, her reflexes were tenfold, her natural agility and strength increased many times over and with enough of that magic cocktail in her, she would probably match Sy in terms of capacity for bare-handed destruction.

I say probably because I found no safe benchmark to test any of that. It's one thing to ration her OE juice for weeks and make her go nympho over Sy. It just felt counter productive, and wrong, to do the same with AT juice and risk seeing Sy and Satie fight it out and hurt each other just to see how deadly Satie could become when I pump her hard with unhappy chemicals.

What we did however was experiment with very little, controlled doses and tried to play games of skill and agility.

Have you ever seen a girl run up a wall and leap ten feet high just to chase a fucking ball? 

It's scary and amazing.

Oh and using AT on her did nothing to set her back toward the neutral point of the hormonal spectrum, it didn't undo the reliance on OE juice, it just made her temporarily angry. As soon as the dose would wear out, Satie would purr again and we would be back to square one.

The AT spectrum probably had a few usable applications, but nothing household-friendly so I promptly brought Satie back to the "please fuck me all the time" end of the spectrum and kept her there.

Our delving in the AT field left some lingering effects on her, just like her reaction right now. Her body remembers the untasted joys and exhilarating effects of AT juice and when the right conditions are met, a spark ignites in her eye. I see this as a great improvement for her, making her more than a unidimensional person. My Satie is not meant to be a submissive sex slave, I like her having rough edges.

So let's see how far this little spark can take us.

"Fine then. You remember a guy called Belarix?"

Satie's pretty lips pouted in disgust. "Remember him? How could I forget him? He was the last one to "own" me before I ended up in the hands of that other creep where you found me. Belarix had me for a solid five years and tried about everything to get his craving appendages in me, except unlike you, he wasn't smart, nice or attractive."

I smiled. "Oh so I'm attractive?"

Satie walked toward me, running her fingers through locks of her wild orange hair to clear it away from her lovely face. She offered me a promising smile, taking good care to balance her hips while her playful eyes sent a clear message. I tensed a bit, immediately knowing how this would most likely end.

Me inside her.

"Well, you're not bad but I like Sy more." Satie concluded as she stopped dangerously close to me, reached into my pants as she casually grabbed my manhood and planted a deep kiss into my mouth. Her breath was warm and hurried, her tongue always so aggressive. I allowed this to go on a few seconds as I fondled her athletic butt. I had to admit that my craving for her was very real and it would have been easy to dismiss the conversation and just turn this into our daily sex game but I had to push that idea away for now if I wanted my previous idea to go through.

Soon enough, I gently pushed her away. Satie whined a bit as she abandoned my already hard member but allowed me my respite so I could continue exposing my plan.

"Back at the issue at hand, which is Belarix. How would you like the opportunity to hurt his ego, his reputation and most of all, his assets?"

"Hmmm... that's hard to do you know..." Satie answered as she was once again trying to find her way back into my mouth. And my pants. "The man is a paranoid control freak. Every single detail of his life is precisely monitored."

"I know." I dodged one of her attempts but allowed her to land her next, our mouths meeting once again. She always kissed with such ravenous hunger, it was hard to stay indifferent. My right hand grabbed the back of her head as I pressed my mouth much harder against hers. Her muffled moaning rewarded my initiative.

"Can't we discuss this later?" My lovely mutant breathed through yearning gasps. "I need you in me right now..." Satie's voice dripped with honey as she dragged one of my own hands into her shorts, rubbing it against her soft mound.

"We could hurt him while he's too distracted to monitor his system." I tried to continue with my train of thought quickly derailing, courtesy of Satie's soft, warm pussy in my left hand.

"He's never distracted. His own little micro-empire is his entire life. When he sleeps, and being a Notradox, he doesn't sleep much, he puts everything on heavy lockdown. Otherwise, he's constantly watching... ploying... buying... selling... monitoring... Manipulating... mmmmhhh..."

Satie loudly exhaled between each of these last words; the more she enumerated Belarix's actions the more her voice turned to aroused whining. Yet, I noticed how I was the only one doing the teasing, Satie's sexual advances were quickly losing in intensity. It's a good bet she was getting more interested with my idea. I kept my hand where it was though, it was perfectly happy there. Even better, as Satie was trying to explain her point of view, I began fingering her for good measure. It was infinitely entertaining to see her try and concentrate.

My very next idea was to rip her panties off and take her right there but I managed to find my focus again as I came to her rescue by giving her part of my initial plan.

"Then we need to provide the bastard with something that's bound to distract him more than his day to day obsessive routine. This distraction doesn't even have to last very long. His lair is smack dab in the middle of a busy hub, we can get in there or at least close enough to achieve our objectives without too much trouble. A distraction for say... ten minutes top is all we need. While his attention is focused elsewhere, Sy goes in stealthy and wrecks his external array while I hack the hell out of his database. We learn where the precious goods are, we win.

"Ahhh... ahhh... would you just stop that already!" Satie pulled my hand out of her short, visibly more involved with my plan now. "And what would we gain by that? He's just a slime. A rich slime I agree, but still." Satie kept a laborious breathing, torn between lust and curiosity.

"Ah yes, the objective, the elusive payoff." My other hand went back to Satie's butt as I pulled her in a tiny bit closer. "You see, the people who approached me to gather mutant intel for them, the people who are responsible for us meeting, well I'm not the only one they approached."

Remembering how I first saw Satie in her cage, nude and helpless and terrified, I felt a level of anger clouding my mind. To cast that bad memory away, I forced my mouth on hers and deeply tasted her again. She didn't complain.

As I slowly released my hold on Satie, I went on with my explanation. "I know for a fact that Belarix was in on that same job for some time and that he gathered some very, very interesting biodata. Enough to make him decide to keep it for himself. I would really love to get my hands on that. It could help me with you and it would most likely turn a little fortune."
