 I had to carry Sy back to the lab. She's heavier than she looks but she's not that heavy so the effort was manageable. I felt kinda bad. She may be my toy and my sexual plaything, she's still sentient. I wonder how she felt as I punished her.

For most men, this would be a question without answer because who the hell knows how to really interpret what a woman thinks. In my case however, all would be crystal clear because Sy's OS produced regular logs.

The system is quite elegant too: her posi-matrix constantly gauges her situation and the more complex, dangerous or stimulating Sy's surroundings get, the more logs get produced. This means that while Sy rests in bed, emulating sleep at my side, very little logging is done but in a case like what just happened or in a combat situation, I can expect a lot of useful data.

Sy was now resting on her back over the lab bed. I didn't bother covering her up, she's not bothered by cool air or casual nakedness.

Forgetting all about Satie for a little while, I looked at by beautiful golden angel and I did feel bad. I should not have punished her for my own frustration.

Rebooting her core system was easy. Restoring all her functions would take a few minutes though. It's as if she was waking up. Disoriented at first while her sensor array recalibrated, Sy's posi-matrix slowly reintegrated everything back into her consciousness.

And then she started to cry.

I must admit, I didn't see that one coming. Part of me felt crushed by guilt but the scientist in me quickly took over: this was a genuine opportunity to explore Sy's mental process under a whole new light.

"What's wrong, my love?" I asked her, concerned.

Her voice came out broken. "I'm so sorry I angered you!"

This implied so much. Her emotional programming was either completely dysfunctional or, it had taken leaps ahead without me noticing. The look in her eyes as she pitifully awaited my reply told me it was the latter. It is true that what mostly interested me with Sy was her sexual aspects. Maybe for once in my life I could try being a decent human being toward her.

I slowly lowered my head and gave her a long, warm, loving kiss that carried absolutely no sexual intent. I felt a very strange chill of uneasy emotion, realizing that my emotional love for her was perhaps a lot deeper than I was willing to admit. I helped her into a sitting position and hugged her as she went on crying for a few long, uncomfortable seconds.

"I'm sorry I took it out on you Sy. I should not have treated you like this." The words felt cheap and hollow at first but as I was saying them, they started carrying sense and purpose. Sy hugged me a bit tighter.

"Let's get you back into shape and after that, what do you say we spend a little evening together, lovers and all that?"

Sy gave me the sweetest, most angelic smile as she gently nodded. Hard to believe that, at my mere command, this helpless "woman" could become capable of eradicating the population of a whole space station without an afterthought.

...

A few hours went by as I completed a clean restoration of Sy's systems. My beautiful android swiftly cleared all the tests imposed to prove that she was fully functional except one that I kept for last. A more interesting test that was better conducted in a quieter, more casual setting.

To test Sy's deeper and more complex cognitive functions, I liked us to sit around a bottle of wine and discuss various ethical and philosophical issues. For a reason I could not explain, seeing her struggle to explain issues of ethics and morality turned me on in a very special way.

So there we were, sitting on our bed, drinking and having a chat. The mood I set was particularly nice. I programmed the holo screen to give me a view that simulated a high-rise bedroom, overlooking a bustling metropolis at night. The "window" was "opened" as faint background noise came in, pushed by the artificial wind created by the ventilation system. The whole illusion felt amazingly real down to the scent component; it was quite easy to forget that we were in fact living deep in the entrails of a space facility nested in a stable asteroid in the middle of absolutely nothing.

I sat, my back cozily pressed against a huge cushion, wearing a plush bathrobe that I did not bother tying up, giving Sy a perpetual view of my frontal nudity, erect penis and all. This did not bother her in the slightest as she slowly, casually fondled and masturbated my pleasure centers while her soft words struggled to elaborate on the answers to my complex questions.

Sy was wearing a sort of evening gown/bathrobe hybrid made of the softest, most delicate golden velvet, which gave me a very hard time concentrating. A lot of the clothes I provided Sy and now Satie were made from similar fabrics. I have always felt a curiously powerful sexual arousal from soft clothes, velvet being chief among them.

For now, Sy's divine gown was closed and tied at the front but as I observed her every movement, I could guess the shape of her magnificent breast and powerful legs as their motion made the fabric follow her lovely curves.

Sy had been doing very well so far. Every once in a while, when a question somewhat eluded her, she would simply smile, lean over me and give me a few long, deep kisses, hoping I would forget the question entirely. This proved that although her ethical notion processing still needed some evolving, her social behavior routines were working just fine.

"Tell me Sy, I'm keeping Satie here because I purchased her. That alone is a very serious crime, purchasing human beings has been seen as reprehensible for many centuries. Still, in society's eyes, she is nobody, not even a blip in the system. No one will ever come looking for her. She has no relatives, no friends. Before I acquired her, she was little more than a beast in a cave, an animal that was for sale."

What the hell am I saying... am I testing Sy or am I trying to convince myself? I chose to disregard this thought and went on. 

"It is my obvious goal to tame her and turn her into a permanent sex doll, just like you. Unlike you however, Satie can't be programmed to accept this without any afterthought. I will not rape her or take her against her will, but it's obvious that her moral and sexual compass is completely off and since she sees me as a figure of authority, it will all happen. Sooner or later, Satie will bend to my will."

I took a short pause to let Sy digest this before moving on.

"From my point of view, in here she is fed, she is safe, she is clothed and more importantly than all that, she is loved, genuinely loved. Out there, she would be cold, alone, hungry and vulnerable. We can agree that a pretty girl like her would not live past thirty before ending up murdered in an alley or sold to someone with intentions similar to mine, minus the will to treat her with care. In short, Satie is forced to trade her most basic freedom in exchange for safety and comfort in what is nothing less than a life of sex slavery. Is she better off? What do you think?"

That question hit the mark. Sy was genuinely confounded. This time, she skipped the kisses altogether and went directly for my cock, engulfing it deep into her lovely mouth to bring me to a long, delightful ecstasy as she ran her long fingers around my balls. It took all my remaining will not to fill her mouth with sticky cum so I eventually grabbed a handful of her long, silky golden hair and gently forced her mouth away from my cock.

"You have to answer this question, love."

Sy smiled sweetly. "I think that there are no slaves here, except maybe you, slave to my perfect body, my irresistible beauty. And Satie will surely feel the same. You think you play with her hormones? You should see how easily she plays with yours."

That answer was simply amazing. I was utterly without words. My android went on without skipping a beat.

"I also think that being your permanent sex doll is not as bad as you make it sound." She said as she undid the cord that kept her robe closed. With a deft gesture, she opened her garment and gave me a splendid view of her incredible body before climbing over me. Her left hand seized the back of my head and through her superior strength, forced my mouth on hers as her right hand directed my member precisely into her soft, moist pussy.

The exam was officially over. I did not argue any further as my synthetic lover began riding me, slowly filling my mouth with her delicate moaning. I have no idea how much time passed, I even felt amused by the notion that for once, I was the one who forgot all about the question. Sy felt so good on me, she felt so genuinely in love, there was nothing perverted or artificial about this. Damn the fact that she was a machine, the only truth that separated her from me was the nature of our respective origin but in the end, we were both living, breathing and reasoning beings. We were in love and this felt right and good.

For a few long minutes, my brain did not carry any sexual scenario, my thoughts were not on the orgasm that was slowly building up in me. I was just happy and fulfilled as Sy's moaning became loud and louder with each successive hip thrust.

...right until Sy abruptly stopped. 

My first thought was that she wanted to pay me back for the way I treated her but as I opened my eyes again, I saw the intent with which she was looking toward the door.

Satie was standing in the doorway. Just like before, all she wore was that babydoll that was all too short. Her face was flushed red, her hair in a mess, her breathing heavy and fast, her eyes filled with ... the only words that came to my mind were 'a primal impulse'.

"Satie...?" I didn't even know what to ask her. To be fair, ever since I punished Sy earlier that day, Satie had remained mostly out of my thoughts.

Well, judging from the way she entered the room and how fast she walked toward us, this was about to change. I don't know what Sy saw in her intent but as our fiery little terror walked the remaining steps to join us, my golden goddess dismounted from me and stood aside, her eyes filled with curiosity.

I didn't mind the sudden void left by Sy's withdrawal. Curiosity had me stare with great interest to see how this situation would unravel. There was no anger or any malice in Satie's eyes so I wasn't too worried about her getting violent or unpredictable. Sy was there to restrain her if needed.

Satie did not speak. Well, she did try to but as her mouth opened, all she managed to do was quiver a few formless sounds. With a motion colored with both grace and anticipation, my frantic little demoness climbed right where Sy was mere seconds ago and, with a trembling hand and a movement that was not quite as precise and efficient as Sy's been moments before hers, Satie grabbed my manhood and clumsily pressed it against her soft mound, frantically sliding it across the lovely surface of her vulva, expressing her frustration through annoyed whining until my erect shaft finally found her vaginal entrance and dug deep into her. Satie immediately let out a long and pitiful wail of relief.

The sensation was pure ecstasy. It wasn't really because of any particular quality her vagina had, it was the mere fact that at last, my little Satie allowed me to enter her and love her.

My fiery new lover lowered herself to cover my mouth with a legion of hungry wet kisses while she, with a devotion and energy I did not think possible, began thrusting her round hips, loving me as aggressively and intensely as she could. Her moaning was pure delight. Her voice was trembling and unsteady, going from soft moans to intense fits of high pitch screaming which she allowed between each passionate kiss we exchanged. I did all I could to taste and appreciate every bit of this situation I had desired for so long but the sheer brutality of it all completely deprived me of my wits.

So far, Sy had remained standing quietly on her side but as she felt my eyes on her, she returned my stare and I saw there and now that she could take no more. My golden android joined us. Softly but firmly grabbing Satie by the back of her hair, Sy pulled my new lover away from my face. I could see Satie's immediate anger as she was partly split away from the mate she finally decided to take but that emotion instantly melted into intense delight as Sy pressed her perfect lips against hers and kissed Satie with burning desire! 

I heard the soft velvet pull and tear, the soft seams whine and give out as Sy's cybernetic arms ripped Satie's babydoll into pieces. Satie grunted in surprise but just as soon grabbed Sy by the back of the head and forced her hungry mouth over the blonde android's once more. 

My cybernetic lover finally assumed her chosen position, daringly climbing over me, setting her perfect womanhood on my face as she was already working on Satie's young and firm breasts.

Another fun quality Sy possessed was a completely precise control over each and every of her joints. Unless she consciously chose to, Sy could not physically be clumsy. She could therefore sit on my face, applying just the right pressure for me to use my lips and my tongue to pleasure every part of her lovely crotch without making me the least uncomfortable. 

So there we were. My whole body enslaved by these two ridiculously magnificent creatures. Satie needed no help on my part, her spry and athletic legs were fit enough to handle all the motion required to ride the full length of my manhood and make her go mad with pleasure. Sy kept busy muffling Satie's loud and repeated screams of pleasure as she deeply explored her new partner's mouth and allowed her precise hands to discover all the wonderful secrets Satie's firm chest was hiding.

I felt I wasn't going to last much longer. The intimate clasp of Satie's moist pussy and the glorious feeling of her round, tight butt touching my thighs every time she thrusted down, was much more than I could handle in this enhanced state of excitement so I decided to go all out. My arms being the only part of me that was still free, I grabbed Sy's round, perfect ass and spread her cheeks apart to allow me more ground explore with my mouth. As I let my hungry tongue do the talking, I set my thoughts to gradually crank Sy's pleasure sensors up to force her into an accelerating spiral of sensations.

The reaction was even better that all I could have hoped for. Sy was getting hornier, driven mad by my tongue frantically stimulating both her vulva and her anus and as such, her exploration of Satie became more and more aggressive. Both my sirens sang louder and longer moans until I could take no more and felt a long and powerful orgasm come across my whole body! There was nothing subtle or refined about what came next. The sensation was so overwhelmingly powerful, I found myself empowered by adrenaline as I reached as far as I could to wrap my hands around Satie's hips and use all the leverage I found to slam my throbbing abdomen against her soft crotch. For these short few seconds, the penetration was faster, harder and most likely deeper; Satie freed her mouth from Sy's dominating lips and cried a long wail of ecstasy as we both climaxed at once.

I felt a bit sad for Sy, her program had not been able to solve into an orgasm of her own but I could fix that later.

Both my goddesses kept at it, Satie slowly thrusting up and down, ignoring the hot, sticky fluid trickling down her labia and along my shaft while Sy rubbed her soft vulva over my face, ignoring just how dizzy and out of breath I was.

I allowed them to keep at it for a little while but eventually managed to dislodge my body from this glorious duo.

The girls paid me almost no heed. Sy forced Satie to lie her back on the bed as she climbed on her and rubbed her lovely pussy against Satie's snatch, still dripping with my fluid. Their mouths found each other once more and I knew they would be busy for a while.

I took a long, hot shower and visited my lab to gather a few tools before I went to check on them again, a solid half hour after I left them to their game. The image I saw when I entered the room would most likely be my very own definition of absolute beauty for many years to come.

Sy was sitting on the bed exactly where I had been an hour ago while we were discussing, her back against the same pillow, her long legs stretched. She had donned her bathrobe once more but hadn't bothered tying it up so I still had a nice, complete view of her body.

Her babydoll torn to pieces, Satie remained completely nude and curled into a little ball, cuddling against Sy, her head resting on my android's abdomen, her hands wrapped around Sy's waist.

Sy was casually stroking Satie's long, orange hair but raised her stare to meet mine as she heard me come in. The motherly glow in her eyes and the peaceful smile on her lips made me shiver and melt. She was so stunningly beautiful at that exact moment that for me, no doubt remained. Sy was alive.

"I made her come again three times but then she fell asleep. She's so soft and warm..."

I smiled and did not answer. This was just too much for me. With a gentle touch and using a device that did not cause any pain whatsoever, I drew some of Satie's blood to analyze it.

I gave Sy a long, deep and loving kiss. "You want me again?" She asked softly. 

I nodded. "Yes my love, I do, but she needs you more right now. Let me go and analyze this. I think this will be worth the wait." 

Sy smiled sweetly, lowered her stare toward Satie and gave her full motherly attention once more.

...

I was right. It was worth it. I couldn't believe how simple the riddle had been all along. Oxytocin and endorphin. Two of the most basic hormones in a female body, those were the key to control Satie's isomorphic hormones.

Keep her sexually active, give her lots of orgasms and Satie will be a happy, nice and cooperative little mutant.

Deprive her of sex and she will grow restless, aggressive and combative.

Even better, artificially manipulate that chemical balance to instantly get the desired result.

Pretty sure I can use this to my advantage...