 We agreed that the mission would take place on the very next day. The window of opportunity was fickle, there was no safe way to tell when and if Belarix would decide to sell or use the bio-data.

The next step I needed to plan was the trip going there.

Belarix's compound was located on Cloreps, the largest of seven moons orbiting Galrus VI, a bleak and lifeless world that was once filled to the brim with valuable metals and minerals.

Cloreps wasn't originally suited for human life but a few decades of terraforming well before I was born had served to correct that slight deficiency. For the three centuries that followed, Cloreps had been as a successful mining hub, making a lot of very rich people considerably richer.

Well, not so much anymore. There were still mineral crumbs to mine deep in the most hazardous parts of Galrus VI, just not enough to keep any significant corporation interested.

Lots of planets out there. No point in wasting resources on one that's almost bare.

Over time, Cloreps changed into something less civilized but not any less populated. Most people still living there were descendants of miners who had no means of leaving to start a new life elsewhere once the mining craze had died out. There was however still a redeeming quality to this mess of a moon; since it stood next to nothing less than five major trade routes, Cloreps had evolved into a sort of business exchange hub.

But not the sort of business most people like to be involved with.

An ideal spot for a dubious entrepreneur like Belarix to call home. From my initial digging into his personal affairs, I gathered we were pretty much in the same business with perhaps a few slight yet pivotal differences. For starters, he served a vastly wider client base and his corporate venture completed a lot more jobs than I did with Sy.

Numbers, really. Until recently, I had been working alone and now, Sy was my only official partner. Belarix had a full retinue of henchmen, lieutenants, thugs and goons at his disposal.

Disposal being an essential keyword here. I came to understand that for anyone working under him, advancement was almost as frequent as early, sudden and permanent retirement.

Needless to say, we somewhat traded the same craft but while I aimed for quality, Belarix was quite content with quantity.

I suppose that if I looked hard enough, I could find a few more common traits between this charming notradox and myself. We both liked to be in complete control of our own little universe. We were both paranoid and neither of us seemed to care much for the comfort of society in general.

And we both had a thing for Satie.

There were also differences to consider. Belarix treated his partners with a merciless system of fear versus reward. Efficient I suppose, to some degree. It encouraged performance but betrayal would never be very far, which was yet another reason for Belarix to be paranoid.

I only had one partner, I didn't pay her. There was no fear, no risk of sudden retirement. I was generally nice to her and I fucked her in the ass as much and as often as she asked. She was programmed to enjoy it so I suppose it wasn't too bad of a deal for her.

Location was also a difference between us. His lair was in the middle of a dirty, scummy spaceport. Mine was isolated in a stable asteroid belt in the middle of nowhere.

Well, not entirely nowhere. If a nosy, long range scanner array is going to notice you every time you leave home or come back, your carefully hidden base becomes useless. There's some sense in hiding in plain sight, the planetary system in which my base was located was void of any interesting planets but there were four systems with inhabited M-class planets within less than a few hours travel so when ships came through here, no one noticed, no one cared.

As a high profile merc generally hired to do quiet, dangerous and mostly isolated jobs, it was mandatory for me to own a ship. It was small, no larger than a shuttle really. Fast and hard to take down, it carried very little in terms of firepower, unless you counted Sy as a weapon but that was a completely different story.

That little ship really was all I needed to carry out my mission and for this particular one, it would be just perfect. Unlike most private mercs who enjoyed making a bold statement of their presence, I didn't go out of my way to make my ship stand out. I didn't want or need to be recognized when I visited a target, I didn't care for that sort of marketing. I preferred letting my results speak for themselves. My ship had no name, a very boring designation number and it looked like any other private shuttle out there.

Getting there would be the easy part. I considered parking my shuttle on one of the nearby worlds to take a commercial transport to Cloreps but an emergency escape would considerably more difficult.

It would be easy to park my ship at one of Cloreps's three spaceports. Just a drop in the ocean. From there, Sy and Satie would find their way to Belarix's compound. Satie would voluntarily be captured while Sy would do just her thing. I would stay in the ship and monitor everything. The gear I had at home was far more adequate than my ship's console for a hostile takeover of Belarix's systems but there was no way I would let these two alone on a mission at this point. Sy was still somewhat green and there was absolutely no way to tell how Satie would react if things went wrong.

I refused to risk losing either one of them, my presence close by would be necessary if anything happened. I was no space hero but walking down an enemy base with my guns blazing if needed; well within my grasp.

My own preparations were now complete. My data feed into my target's control room was stable and I made certain that it was completely private and undetected. As far as I knew, we were good to go but Sy insisted on preparing Satie for her role. I wasn't aware she needed any preparing but since Sy was new to this initiative thing, far from me to try and discourage her.

Speaking of Satie, I was pretty happy with the injection device I made for her. At first, I planned to use a stealthy, subdermal patch but I quickly rejected that idea. Not only did it severely limit the quantity of chemicals I could administrate, there was a million ways it could go wrong if she got in any real trouble. 

I therefore aimed for a look that combined both civilized and feral, tame yet sexy, something that reflected how Satie had taken control over her slave life; I placed the injector in an unchained metal choker. It was crafted with the very same alloy I used to build Sy's frame, nearly indestructible. The injector used no mechanical parts. Instead, I opted for a high frequency injection vector that pulverized the chemicals directly into the muscle tissue. It would sting a bit but the fail rate was pretty much nonexistent.

All I needed now was for Satie to try it on.

For the last three hour or so, Sy had Satie locked up in her own little lab. I had to admit, curiosity was getting the better of me.

"Sy darling, how are you doing? When can we leave?"

The telecom remained silent for a few seconds. I almost expected to hear moaning. Whenever Sy and Satie were left alone together, it usually ended in sex.

Sy's voice finally came through.

"We're not done yet. Can you give me about another half hour?"

What could they be doing...? 

"Well, I don't see why not. It's not like we're expected. Just what are you guys doing in there?"

"Oh nothing you need to worry about. Making Satie pretty for the trip."

Satie is already pretty. Hell, with the exception of Sy, she's probably the prettiest I've ever seen.

"Well, don't take too long ok?"

"Right, right, we'll be right there!" Sy's voice felt hurried and I could swear I heard Satie giggle in the background.

Now I was curious AND horny.

Back to my log reading, I tried to set my focus on Belarix's lucrative affairs instead of thinking about the two love goddesses doing who knew what in the room right over there. 

Half an hour did go by I suppose, perhaps even more. When the door to Sy's lab finally opened, I had to make a conscious effort to shift my focus away from the numbers displayed before me. Next to sex and science, business was the one thing that could easily get my full attention.

As soon as I saw Satie walk in, any interest I still had for business swiftly left the room.

She was pretty alright. Satie looked so stunning, I forgot to breathe for a few very long seconds.

For starters, the undersized tank top and the panties were gone. So were my questions as to what the girls had been doing back in Sy's lab for so long. My cute little mutant now wore a lovely outfit that Sy had just crafted for her. An assumption I could safely make since I would remember buying something so damn attractive for either of my girls. Besides, Satie was a few sizes smaller that Sy so there's no way that was from my love goddess' stash.

For all the obvious reasons, even though it annoyed me to no end, I used to be the one in charge of buying clothes for everyone here. Sy did not technically need any clothing. She was never cold, she felt no shame from nakedness and her primary purpose was to let me fuck her anytime I wanted. 

This never stopped me from buying lots of very nice clothes for her. I enjoyed seeing her fully clothed, the temporary mystery of her hidden curves was erotic poetry to me. I liked to dress her up because one of my most favorite hobby was to undress her again. 

Clothes also came handy when interaction with other people was likely to happen, but that was a practical, boring reason.

And then Satie came along. Cold didn't bother her much either and nakedness bothered her even less but for all the same reasons, I provided her with clothing as well. I could certainly not elevate her mind to a civilized state if she was the only one in the house going on with her life permanently in the nude.

The fashion in which I chose to undress both my girls varied from careful and calculated unwrapping to brutal and savage destruction of their garments, depending on our collective mood. The latter method, by far my favorite, came with a recurring annoyance; I would have to acquire new items every time they ran out of lovely clothes to destroy.

This is why, when Sy suggested she could try her hand at making clothes, I seized a golden opportunity. Being an android, Sy was able to work precisely and fast. Being sentient and smart on top of all that meant she was capable of intuition and creativity, which was awesome if the result of her craft hoped to please a pervert. I got her the tools she asked for, as well as a basic matter converter so she could print all the fabric she ever wanted. 

Problem solved, Sy created clothes for all of us. It wasn't a chore to her, it was an exploration of her humanity, one she enjoyed to no end. The results were not always spectacular, especially at first, but my android learned a lot faster and more efficiently than any human could so after just a few days, her results were already beyond amazing.

Sy knew I was a sucker for soft fabrics. I was not the silk or satin type, I preferred something with texture. Synthetic furs made infinitely entertaining accessories. Lovely plush made comfortable clothes that were fun to fondle but most of all, velvet was my thing. To be brutally honest, saying it's my thing does not even begin to describe how strongly I react to this fabric. My android quickly understood that wearing velvet garments multiplied the attraction I felt toward her to a point where she could almost control me.

Velvet is soft and beautiful and warm. It is a fabric that I never tire of touching and feeling and rubbing against every part of my body. It's luxurious, comforting to cuddle against in the deep of the night. A tease to delicately explore the intimacy hidden behind its softness, satisfying to pull and tear and destroy before you brutally fuck its wearer.

So when Sy dressed Satie up to make her prettier, velvet was what she chose. What she created for Satie right there, it beat everything she had made for herself so far.

Satie delicately, tentatively walked to the center of the room, wearing only a shy smile and this fantastic new outfit. Her lower body was covered with velvet pants that were skin tight from the low waist down to her knees where they flared at the lower leg. The fabric was colored... chrome I guess? It shimmered so wonderfully, it looked like Satie wore a metallic skin infused with a burgundy sheen. Sometimes, the shade even turned stain-green when her legs moved in the proper light.

Her upper body was wrapped in a sort of rich burgundy velvet blouse that looked thin, light and soft. The sleeves covered about ¾ of her arms, the neckline was deep and generous. Satie doesn't have big tits but that dress made sure they were exquisitely well presented. The thinness of the fabric did nothing to hide the shape of her adorable nipples, waiting to be abused.

My stare couldn't be torn away from her lower body. The shiny fabric followed each and every of her curves so jealousy, her round hips, her firm and perfect legs, it was to die for. The cut was so light and so close to her skin, a playful, bumpy shadow hinted away at the fluffy patch of fur cradling her sex. Seeing my eyes enslaved there, Satie giggled and slowly spun around to give me the full view. When I saw how the tight fabric traced a line between her tight butt cheeks, how it perfectly defined her round and athletic butt, I nearly choked. The pressure in my lower belly as my manhood reached an untold level of hardness was almost too much for me.

That amazing petite woman was mine and I was seriously getting second doubts as to putting her within Belarix's grip. I even came to wonder if this wasn't part of Sy's plan: to make Satie so unbearably fuckable that I might change my mind on the mission. I had to take my attention elsewhere so I raised my stare away from Satie's hopelessly irresistible frame and focused on her head instead.

As a general rule, Satie's wild and wavy locks existed only as a tangled and untamed mass. I don't think that in the whole time she was with us, we ever did much more than wash her hair and let it dry on its own. Untangling it would have most likely driven her mad. Satie hardly ever cared for it either, so that's what is always was: a lovely but a chaotic mess.

It suited her personality; taming Satie was a challenge from every single angle, even down to her hairstyle.

A challenge that did not stop my wonderful android. Signing another master's stroke, Sy proved yet again that she knew how to discourage me from putting Satie on this mission.

Instead of her usual chaotic mess, Satie's hairline now followed one long, neatly harmonious and generous curve. It was almost straight but not quite. The curve was slow and lazy, cornering her lovely face and casually rolled across her back. The orange sheen of her hair was brighter than usual, it looked artificially enhanced.

It was absolutely gorgeous.

"Her hair! It looks like yours!" It's all I could say really.

Sy looked embarrassed. "Yeah... sorry about that. It's the only style I know since, you know, it's how you made me..."

I stood up. "No, no, don't apologize! It's gorgeous, it's incredible! How did you... wow!"

Satie beamed a colorful smile across the room. "Really? You like it?"

Unable to take any more of this, I walked to her. I wanted her in my arms, against me, all over me. More than anything, I wanted to rip those divine clothes from her and fuck her until she screamed in glorious agony.

"I love it! Just like I love you! You look so beautiful my lovely Satie, I might just pass out."

And then I noticed.

Makeup.

Satie wore goddamn makeup. Where and how in space had Sy been able to procure... This android was apparently not done surprising me. 

Satie's lips were colored with a slight golden-orange tint that reminded me of her hair color. Her skin was paler than usual and more evenly shaded across her face. The copper shade of her eyes was enhanced by a highlight of gold and yellow. It was amazing.

I couldn't admire her any more as my last words prompted Satie to wrap her arms around my neck and kiss me deeply. She wasn't wearing any perfume, her natural musk was all she needed to drive any man insane with sexual want.

My left hand went for the back of her head, my fingers crawling between the silky strands of her hair to tease the skin of her neck. Unsurprisingly, my other hand found her lovely butt. First thing I noted is that there was apparently no underwear under those pretty leggings. The feel was heavenly. The velvet was so soft and warm, I just couldn't let go. 

"Isn't she pretty" Excitedly asked Sy as my mouth was still too busy to provide an answer. "I tried to make her look innocent and civilized. If we're going to fool Belarix in making him think that she's become just a regular citizen, she needs to look the part."

In order to dislodge my mouth from Satie's hungry lips, I had to pull her hair a little, she whined and growled a bit, still reaching out to kiss me, which made her even more desirable. Against the all-powerful impulse that screamed at me to brutally fuck Satie there and now, I managed to answer. "If you were aiming for the 'girl next door' look, you might have gone overboard a bit. She looks too good to be true."

And she did.

The more I looked at her, the harder it was for me to accept that the irresistible young woman in my arms was indeed the feisty mutant I tamed over the last few weeks. The transformation was complete.

Quivering in my hands and breathing frantically, Satie looked straight into my eyes. The gleam of overwhelming desire in her was completely unmistakable.

Far from me to believe that her yearning was limited to physical attraction, it was mostly chemically induced and quite easy to explain. Any leftover traces of OE juice were quickly dissipating from her system, her corporal need was through the roof. I just happened to be the available guy standing next to her.

Well... that last part was probably underplayed. I wasn't just any guy. I was the one who gave her this new and better life. A life that allowed her to experience a burning desire that was her own. 

Above all that, I was her mate. Her whole body, empowered by her isomorphic hormones throwing her primal instinct out of whack, felt this quasi-bestial attraction towards me making her completely mad from sexual need and desire.

The fingers I had pressed against her neck dug a bit deeper under her hairline, granting her an unconscious but vigorous caress. Her answer was instantaneous; Satie closed her eyes and dreamily moaned as her whole body trembled harder.

This explosive desire wasn't exclusive to Satie and myself. It was painfully obvious that my android's programming was screaming just as loud. Sy was made for sex and everything about this situation hinted towards an epic, memorable fuck.

Trying her best to ignore her own want, Sy shook her head. "That's because you haven't visited any decent part of civilization in the last few years. I did my own research. Girls who dress and look like this are commonplace where there's money and organized society." Sy's voice was fast paced and trembling. Her system was most likely logging like mad; reading those would be beyond amazing.

"Perhaps they do. Nonetheless, I'm ready to bet that there isn't a 'civilized' girl out there as pretty as our Satie." I added needlessly.

Satie exhaled loudly as she opened her eyes, threw herself forward and captured my mouth again, rubbing her entire front side against my body. This felt like nothing short than bliss and my will to refuse her was melting away faster than a comet caught in a nova.
