 I'm not sure where this story is going to go, so I am open to suggestions and ideas. 

I think this needs to be a slow paced piece, so bear with me while I figure out what's going to happen.

* * * * *

Chapter One

The email almost got deleted without being read, which, when she thought about it later, would have been a shame.

(-)

Saturday morning, 7:15AM Scrolling through her Gmail account, Tammy Grant clicked the check box as she looked at each header.

At twenty-six, Tammy was single again, having broken up with her last boyfriend six months before. At five-ten, she was a tall, full figured girl, not fat, just well fleshed all over. She wore a size twelve in most clothes, but preferred men's Levi's to girl jeans. She could wear a thirty-inch waist comfortably. The thing that attracted men to her was her abundant bosom. She wore a thirty-five EEE bra, and her breasts were full, fleshy mounds that men loved to lavish attention on. 

"Spam, spam, spam...more spam." She muttered as she went down the list. She was about to click the select all button and just delete everything, when she notice an email she had already checked.

The header read, 'Custom SexBot, FREE for selected testers. Apply now to see if you qualify!'

She grinned as she read it, then clicked on the email. She was surprised that there were no flashy graphics or blatant sexual banners. There was just a link in the middle of the page.

Her mouse hovered over the link for a moment, debating whether clicking it would result in having her computer taken over by popups, or if she was going to be drawn into a trolling site where her identity could be stolen. She didn't even realize that her finger had pressed the mouse button until the webpage changed.

The page that came up appeared to be an application form. Tammy scanned it quickly, and when she saw that it wasn't asking for detailed personal information, she started filling it out.

Name, address, age, gender, height, weight, measurements, hair and eye color fields were all filled in quickly, and she clicked on the Continue button.

At the top of the next page there was a line of text that read:

Please consider your choices of options carefully. Once submitted, options CANNOT be changed or modified. Your Custom SexBot will be delivered as you specify. Please click on the image to the right to enlarge and review option selections as you configure your Custom SexBot. You may save your application, but it must be completed within forty-eight hours or it will be deleted.

Tammy noticed that there was a blank white box on the right hand side of the screen. On the left side, there was a list of headers with check boxes under them.

Browsing the list of headers, she selected Male, and a figure appeared in the box on the right. She grinned as she selected 6'2" under height. The figured didn't change, so she selected bronze under skin tone. The figure on the right changed to a medium skin tone. Tammy clicked through the other choices, from pale to very dark, and finally returned to the bronze selection.

She ran through the other options quickly, hairstyle: short, hair color: brown, eye color: green, build: trim/muscular.

She smiled as she looked at the image that now filled the box. She clicked on the image, and it enlarged in a popup window. As she moved the mouse around over it, more options appeared.

"Now that is cool." She muttered as she hovered the mouse over the image's chest. A text box instructing her to click the left mouse button for more definition, or the right for less definition appeared.

Clicking the left mouse button, she saw the right side of the chest change. She moved the mouse over to the left side and clicked again, grinning when that side changed too.

"This is going to take all day if I have to do every part one bit at a time." She muttered. She centered the mouse over the chest and clicked the left mouse button. Both sides of the chest changed, and she clicked rapidly several times, laughing as the chest swelled dramatically.

"No, that's too big." She said, clicking the right mouse button. She clicked it again, then a third time. Moving the mouse off the body, she held the left mouse button down and watched the image rotate slowly.

"Yeah, this is gonna take a while." She sighed, getting up and going into the kitchen. Dropping a bagel into the toaster, she got the cream cheese and orange juice out of the fridge and put them on the counter as she waited for the bagel to finish.

When the bagel popped up, she spread cream cheese on it, poured a glass of orange juice and took it all back into the living room. Sitting down in front of her computer, she reviewed what she had done so far.

Now that she felt more comfortable with the interface, she quickly modified the body, rotating it every now and then to check her work. She noticed that as she made changes, more options became available.

She worked steadily, checking and saving her work as she went. Sitting back, she glanced at the clock in the corner of the screen.

"Wow, I've blown the whole morning playing with this thing." She laughed when she saw that it was now almost ten-thirty. "I need to save this page. Even if nothing comes of it, this is a pretty cool new toy."

Spinning the image around, she clicked on the crotch. A popup box appeared with the message: 'Please select options from the Genitals menu.'

"Genitals menu, huh?" She muttered, clicking on a button at the bottom of the screen.

A new list appeared on the left, with the image still on the right. The list showed Penis, Vagina, and Futa, with check boxes under each.

The column under Penis had one column marked Length, with check boxes for sizes from four to fourteen inches, and another marked Girth, with check boxes ranging from narrow to extremely thick.

Tammy did not know what Futa meant, but noticed that there were only three choices under it, Large, Very Large, and Do Not Check This Box without reading disclaimers first. She laughed as she read the last choice, and clicked on it immediately. Another text box popped up to the side, and she scrolled to the bottom and clicked on agree, then screamed when the image on the right changed.

Where there had been an empty space before, there was now an enormous penis dangling between the figure's legs. The head hung below the figure's knee, and Tammy burst out laughing as she stared at it, then slowly rotated the image 360 degrees.

She noticed the word Erection in the lower right corner of the image, with a slider bar under it. The slider was all the way over to the left, so she started moving it slowly to the right. As the slider moved, the enormous penis began rising, and she rotated the image so she was looking at it from a forty-five degree angle, then moved the slider all the way over to the right.

The penis jerked upright, standing out straight from the body. It appeared to be almost two feet long, and the head looked like it was bigger than her doubled fist.

"Holyfuckingshit." she muttered as she moved the image from side to side. "What kind of sick fuck would even think of something like that? There's no way that thing would fit in any opening in the human body."

Moving her mouse over to the left side of the screen, she clicked on the other two choices, shaking her head at the ridiculous size of both. Then she moved the mouse to the penis column, pausing as she thought about what size to choose.

Her first boyfriend had had a short, thin dick, and he never lasted very long. The biggest cock she had seen was just over eight inches long, but had been really thick. The length hadn't been a problem, but the thickness had hurt at first, and she remembered being really sore the next day. She hadn't gone out with that guy again because of that.

She put a check mark in the eight-inch check box, and was about to check the box next to medium under girth when she noticed another column partially covered by the image on the right. She minimized the image and saw a check box marked variable, with a disclaimer under it which read:

'The variable size on the Penis is a new option on our latest series, and is still in beta testing. We are releasing this option on a limited basis, with no guarantee on performance or functionality. Testing has shown that the Penis adjustment during sexual activity can result in unpredictable size increases or reductions. We accept no responsibility for injuries resulting from sudden changes in Penis dimensions during sexual activity. Users may exchange the variable model for a standard model at any time within the first thirty days of use.'

"So, if I'm reading this right, as long as I don't try to adjust the size of the dick while I'm fucking it, everything should be fine." Tammy said, holding the mouse pointer over the variable check box. "This sounds too good to be true. I can have any dick I want, anytime I want. All I have to do is pick which one in advance."

Clicking the box, she moved the mouse pointer down and clicked on the submit button, then leaned back in her chair.

"Too bad I couldn't see what kind of face it was going to have." She said as she got up and headed toward her bedroom. "But it's not like the damn things ever gonna show up anyway."

She didn't notice when the screen went blank for a moment, then a popup box appeared.

'Thank you for completing the application for the Custom SexBot program Tammy Grant. You spent two hundred forty-seven minutes completing your application. We appreciate your time. Your Custom SexBot will be delivered shortly.'

(-)

Saturday evening, 6:50PM "Fuckinghell!" Tammy yelled, tripping over the sill of the shower as she stepped out. The lights had just gone off unexpectedly. She felt her way over to the towel rack and grabbed a towel, then opened the door and stepped out into the hall.

"I am going to tear that dumbass super a new asshole!" She muttered as she walked down the hall, drying herself. She stopped at the breaker panel and opened the door, then flipped the main breaker back and forth twice. The light in the hall came back on, and she went back to her bedroom to get dressed.

"Every week." She said as she pulled a pair of panties and a bra out of a drawer. "The fucking power goes out at least once a week, and I tell that asshole about it. And does he do anything? Of course not!"

She pulled the panties on, then put the bra on quickly. Grabbing a pair of jeans from the closet, she went over to the bed and stepped into them, then sat down and laid back, sucking in her tummy as she pulled the zipper up and buttoned them. Turning back to the closet, she pulled a t-shirt off the shelf and slipped it on.

Going out into the living room, she sat down on the couch and pulled her shoes on, then got up and went back in the bathroom to do her hair.

Running a brush through her short brown hair, she brushed it straight back, then shook her head and finger combed it into place. She didn't bother with make-up, she was just meeting Cheryl and Denise for pizza.

She stopped at the front door and picked up her purse and keys, then unplugged her phone from the charger. As she reached for the knob, there was a knock at the door.

Opening the door, she took a step back when she saw a tall, handsome man standing in the hall.

"Hello Tammy Grant. I am Delta X-ray Tango Four Seven Three. You may rename me if you wish."

"Excuse me?" Tammy laughed, closing the door a little and putting her body behind it in case he decided to push passed her. "Is that supposed to mean something to me?"

"You are Tammy Grant of 3415 Westwood Court apartment 2C, is that correct?" The man asked.

"I'm Tammy Grant, and that's my address, but..."

"Did you complete a request for a Custom SexBot this morning at 12:21PM eastern standard time?"

"I filled out a form on a webpage and picked options for a...oh my god! You're not saying that was real are you?" Tammy gasped, easing the door closed.

"The offer was indeed genuine. I am Delta X-ray Tango Four Seven Three, the autonomous SexBot you requested. I have been configured to your specifications. Did you not receive the confirmation on your request?"

"No, I uh...I didn't check my mail and I...can you give me a minute?" She said, then closed the door and flipped the deadbolt.

She went over and turned on her laptop, and as soon as it started, she brought up her Gmail account. Scrolling through the mails, she saw an email from a company called NuMate Corporation. Clicking on it, she gasped and dropped into the chair as she started reading.

Dear Tammy Grant,

Congratulations, you have been selected as a tester for NuMate Corporation's new SexBot Android testing program.

We noted the considerable amount of time you spent configuring your SexBot, and we believe that you will be the type of tester to give us quality feedback on the performance and functionality of your new SexBot.

Your SexBot, Delta X-ray Tango Four Seven Three, will arrive at your home shortly. He has been configured as requested, and is fully programmed, but is equipped with a state of the art AI so he will learn as you make use of him. We encourage you to use him as often as you like. Your new SexBot will keep a detailed log of your sexual practices, and we ask that you report your own observations on a weekly basis. Please feel free to...

Tammy quit reading and leaned back in her chair, closing her eyes as she tried to absorb what was happening.

After almost five minutes, she got up and went over to the door. Opening it a little, she saw the man standing calmly in the hall.

She let the door open a little wider and looked him up and down. He was a little over six feet tall, with broad shoulders, and a well-defined chest under his tight shirt. He had short brown hair and green eyes set in an almost handsome face.

He stood quietly as she looked him over, not making any move toward the door.

"What uh...what did you say your name was?" She asked.

"I am Delta X-ray Tango Four Seven Three. You may rename me if you wish." He replied, looking at her. "Most users find the designated nomenclature difficult to remember, and rename us with a more user friendly name."

"Yeah, that name's gonna have to go." Tammy laughed, opening the door and taking a step back as she waved him in. "I guess you should come in, since I ordered you and all."

She followed him across the room and sat on the couch, looking up at him as he stood in front of her.

"So, what happens now?" Tammy asked.

"A user manual was included with the introduct..."

"Yeah, I haven't read that yet." Tammy laughed. "So until I do, why don't you take off your clothes so I can check out the goods."

"As you wish Tammy Grant..."

"Yeah, that's not gonna do either." Tammy said as she watched the SexBot slowly open the buttons on it's shirt. "Why don't you call me Mistress for now. And I think I'm going to call you DelRay...can I change that if I think of something I like better?"

"You may rename me as many times as you wish within the first seven days of use." He replied as he opened his shirt and let it slip from his shoulders, dropping it to the floor in front of him. "Twelve hours before the end of the seven day trial period, you will be asked to confirm and finalize all changes you have made. After the trial period closes, you will not be able to make any modifications to my systems."

Delta X-ray Tango Four Seven Three paused, his hands resting on the button on his pants.

"However, since you selected the Variable Option from the Genitals Menu, you may request adjustments to my systems from the product support team until such a time as you decide to surrender this unit to NuMate Corporation for disposal."

"Keep getting undressed, you can tell me more about this variable option later." Tammy said, looking over his upper body. She squirmed on the couch as she watched his muscles flex as he moved.

The android kicked off his shoes, and Tammy noticed two things when he did. The shoes were Bruno Magli's, and he wasn't wearing socks.

Leaning forward, she grabbed the shirt off the floor as the android opened his pants and eased them over his hips. She glanced at the label, and saw that it said Liz Claiborne.

"Take your time there Delray, give a girl a chance to appreciate what she's getting." Tammy said with a giggle.

"As you wish Mistress." The android replied.

His hips moved back and forth slowly as he let the pants drop an inch at a time. He looked like he was dancing to music only he could hear.

Tammy watch intently as a neatly trimmed bush of hair appeared, then the base of his cock came into view.

"Come closer." She whispered, leaning forward on the couch.

The android didn't answer, but he took two steps forward. His crotch was now less than a foot from Tammy's face.

"Show me...I wanna see it." She said softly, moving her eyes up to his face, then back to his crotch.

"As you wish Mistress." The android said, letting his pants fall to his feet.

"Nice cock." Tammy breathed as she stared as his flaccid member. His soft cock was four inches long, and uncircumcised.

Tammy reached out and ran one finger slowly from the base down to the flesh covered knob, and as she moved her hand to wrap her fingers around the shaft, her phone rang.

"Shit." she muttered, grabbing her phone off the end table beside her. "Hello? I...oh, hi Denise...yeah, I know I'm supposed to meet you and Cheryl for pizza, but something came up...no, it was a guy."

Looking up at the android she smiled as she covered the microphone with her hand.

"Make it hard." She told him.

The android's cock started rising slowly as he stood in front of her. His arms remained at his sides as his cock steadily stiffened in front of her.

"Hey Denise, listen hon...as much as I'd like to see you and Cheryl, I think I'm gonna have to take a raincheck tonight, okay?"

She listened for a moment, never taking her eyes of the android's now fully erect cock.

"Yeah, call me tomorrow...I think I'm gonna have one hell of a story to tell you." She laughed. "Yeah, okay...talk to you then."

Sitting her phone back on the end table, she turned back toward the android and lifted her hand, letting his cock come to rest in her palm as she wrapped her fingers around it.

"How big does this thing get?" she asked as she moved her hand slowly up and down over the length of the shaft. She was amazed at how warm and lifelike it felt.

"The current measurements are seven and a half inches in length by six and quarter inches in circumference. User records have shown that these are the preferred dimensions of 93 percent of female users." The android replied. "This unit's maximum length is fourteen and a half inches in length by nine and a half inches in circumference."

"Wow...I don't think we'll be letting it get that big." Tammy muttered. She looked up at the android and asked. "Can you make it bigger?"

"I am required to warn you that the variable option is still in a testing phase, and NuMate Corporation cannot be held responsible for injuries resulting from sudden changes in penis dimensions during sexual activity. Please acknowledge that you release NuMate Corporation from any and all liability for possible injuries resulting from adjusting penis dimensions during sexual activity."

"We're not engaging in sexual activity, I just have my hand on your cock." Tammy said. She looked up at him, then moved her hand away and leaned back on the couch, crossing her arms in front of her. "Is that better? I'm not touching you anymore. Now make it bigger."

"Your acknowledgment is still required." The android responded, then added, "You must also state the preferred dimensions, or indicate a preset setting. Settings are found in the user manual on page..."
