 Tannah stepped down into a sunken part of the forest and looked around at the men who were setting up camp just beyond the bushes.

"Good enough," she thought, pulling her pants down to her knees and squatting, feeling instant relief as her pee began to leave her body.

She let out a long sigh, glad that the days ride had come to an end. Gavwen often sent groups like hers out to collect bribes, demanding gold, women, and whatever else they could carry away. If the payment was found to be lacking they would raise the price, putting the village to the sack if need-be.

Tannah heard another stream of piss and turned her head, seeing Fanazar, his cock in his hand, urinating into the bushes next to her.

He stared at her naked ass, grinning. Tannah peeked over her shoulder to be sure no-one else was watching and then looked back at Fanazar, frowning.

"Pretty good spot you found here," he complimented as her stream turned into a slow trickle.

"Fuck you," she said, standing and pulling her trousers back up. Fanazar laughed as he shook droplets of pee off of the tip of his penis and stuffed it back into his pants.

"I found an even better one," he said.

A few moments later Tannah was bent over with her face pressed into the dirt, her breasts swinging free and her thighs shaking as Fanazar fucked her from behind.

"Oooh, oh gods yes!" she moaned as his balls slapped against her cunt. Fanazar had grown much bolder since their first encounter. It seemed like almost every other day now he would find some way to get her alone, and he didn't even cover her mouth to keep others from hearing.

"Ooohh yes!" she gasped, feeling his shaft slide into her as he held her hips in place, her pants around her knees, her juices flowing down the insides of her thighs and covering her palm as she touched herself.

"Cum in my pussy," she sighed.

"What?" he said, his cock bulging inside of her. Tannah could feel the wet underside of his erection against her fingertips, sliding in and out as she massaged her throbbing clitoris.

"I said cum inside of me!" she moaned over the steady slap of his pelvis against her naked butt.

"You're serious?" he grunted, his scrotum bumping against Tannah's wet fingers as she rubbed her way to climax.

"No-one else is going to fuck me ... ahhh ... today but you, just do it!" she panted, feeling the first tickle of orgasm. "Ahh ahh ... ahhhhh!" she moaned as the feeling grew, spreading up from her groin and into her stomach, making her shoulders tighten and her joints quiver as it overtook her.

She felt his fingers dig into her as she came. His motions became jerky, his thrusts slower. She felt his manhood throb as it filled her vagina, a slimy texture coating his shaft as it slid in and out.

"Ahhh ... hhahhh," Fanazar groaned, his penis firm and his palms sweating against Tannah's hips as he pumped his seed into her cunt. "Hoooh," he gasped, letting go and pulling out of her. Tannah felt hot cum dribble between her labia and across her finger.

"Just think, some day you'll be able to squirt your stuff in me whenever you want," Tannah said, sitting up and feeling Fanazar's seed drip from her cunt. "Kind of sad really," she said, picking the leaves from her hair and gazing down at his half-erect manhood, still shiny from being inside of her. "I'm starting to like the taste of it." She put her finger in her mouth and sucked it clean.

After dressing themselves Tannah and Fanazar returned to the camp together, their faces still a bit flushed from their quick tumble in the grass. She saw several of the men smirk knowingly as they passed. The affair was no well-kept secret. Tannah had been with a number of them secretly over the years. They knew how frequently she fooled around.

The captains were having a meeting so Tannah followed Fanazar to where most of the camp had gathered.

"With this kind of development they've got to have at least a hundred soldiers manning the defenses. That's Baoryd's law. They only had fifty when we collected from them last year," a large bearded man in furs said.

"We'd be up to our shoulders in enemy pikes tryin' to take that village," another man added. There was a long silence as they considered their options.

"Glad you could join us boy," one of them said, addressing Fanazar as he pushed through the crowd. "Have a fun piss?" His eyes went to Tannah who was standing close behind. Tannah looked at the man who'd said it and then down at the ground as she remembered taking him into the bushes many months earlier. One of the other men chuckled.

They didn't tease Fanazar as much as they used to. Ever since Tannah had sunk her claws into him jokes about his virginity were replaced with hushed questions of how good it was, whether her mouth was really better than her cunt, and if he'd ever taken her in the ass.

"Lets get serious," another man demanded. "We need to figure out how we're going to collect our bounty. Arvokisk is clearly telling Gavwen to go fuck himself with these improvements, and the fort on the ridge is like a bowman in the bushes, hoping he'll take the bait and attack anyways. We need to send the villagers a message if nothing else, keep the fear in them so they'll pay up."

There was another long silence.

"It's not going to happen, we might as well turn around," the bearded one said, causing others to murmur in dissent.

"Whoa," another one started. "Since when does Gavwen's company pack up and go home at the first sign of a real battle? I don't care if they can put up a fight or not, no village turns this band away."

"Village?" someone scoffed, "it's more of a town really. Make no mistake about its size, they've got archers on their walls. They had enough gold to build that fort even after we came and collected from them last year. Some lord likely gave them the gold. If we ride into the valley and there's a host of knights at that fortress we might not even have a place to retreat to when we're routed." There were more murmurings as Fanazar watched them debate, grinning as if he understood it all.

Tannah wondered how many armed men she had seen Fanazar fight. Surely he had killed farmers willing to defend, men wielding pikes or pitchforks. There had been one time he'd taken down a true knight of King Baoryd's royal guard, a tale that was still being told over mead.

Still, she thought, he's never battled a real organized foe.

"I think our course is clear," one of the captains said as the others finally quieted. "We come up with something clever, or we go back to the general with only the news that Baoryd is finally fortifying his kingdom. It won't make him happy, but that's the wisest move we can make from where I'm standing."

"Something clever then! Who among us has a wit worthy of a few hundred knights!?" one of the captains asked impetuously. There was quiet among the others.

"You wanna know who I'd bet on?" one of them said. They turned to look at a tall man in furs who hadn't spoken much. He grinned, looking at Tannah and then at Fanazar. "If I were going to put my life in the hands of a scheme I'd name Fanazar to draw it up. I'll bet he'll put the big tent to some good use." The others chuckled at his statement. Tannah blushed.

"Well?" another one spoke, all eyes turned to Fanazar in earnest. He stroked his scraggly chin in contemplation. "What do you say boy? You think you've got what it takes?" Fanazar grinned, glancing over his shoulder at Tannah.

"Don't look at me," she thought, rolling her eyes as he turned back to them.

"Yeah," he said. "I'll do it."

They dispersed after that, returning to their tents, leaving the big one with the maps to Fanazar and Tannah. She followed him inside and saw drawings of the region laid out across the fur and sack cloth coverings on the floor.

"They're really leaving planning the raid to me," Fanazar said, looking around at the large interior of the commanders tent.

"There isn't going to be a raid," Tannah laughed. She saw his eyes fixate on the maps and scrolls laid out in front of him. She could feel the dampness in her panties from his seed, still dripping slowly from inside of her. She knelt in front of him, her hands going to his belt, "unless you come up with something, really, really good."

A few of the captains would surely love to see Fanazar put his name to some brash and risky maneuver. They could go back to Gavwen with the news of his foolish plan, or blame him for bungling the expedition entirely. His aspirations for the position of general would be over. Tannah couldn't give him a chance to make such a grievous mistake.

She pulled his cock out of his pants and wrapped her lips around its soft head, feeling it engorge as she tongued its underside.

"So there's one walled off barracks atop a hill in the middle of the town, and a newly built fort at the opposite end of the valley," he sighed, his penis getting firmer in Tannah's mouth as she sucked, stroking its shaft gently, already tasting his precum.

"We've fought more than a hundred men before," he said, placing a hand on Tannah's head and rocking his hips while he looked at the maps. "Why not just storm the barracks, and gather the spoils while we hold it against the soldiers from the fortress," he speculated.

The corners of Tannah's lips curled up in amusement as they slid down around the base of his cock, feeling his bulbous tip press into the back of her throat.

"Yes, lay siege to the citadel in less than an hour ... of course," Tannah thought, nearly rolling her eyes at the notion as she gagged on his penis.

"Nnngghh," she grunted, her lips pressing against Fanazar's sweaty scrotum, his whole length surrounded by her mouth. He was already fully erect and the skin of his manhood still tasted mildly like his cum and her pussy juices.

"I need to keep him preoccupied so he doesn't do anything dumb," she thought, feeling more of his goopy load from earlier seep into her underwear. "Which might mean fucking him all night." Tannah looked up at him, her head moving forward and back, ready to suck his balls dry if it meant keeping him safe from his own ambition.

"Mmmm," she hummed, coating his cock with her saliva, bobbing her head, and sucking back salty precum. She heard him shudder with satisfaction, her fingers digging into his naked hips, his erection bulging as it slid along her tongue.

"Oooh, Tannah," he gasped, the hair on his testicles tickling her face, her whole mouth tasting like his groin and the slime that oozed from the tip of his member. "I think ... ahhh," he moaned, "I think you might have me a bit distracted."

Her lips slid off the end of his penis with a sucking pop. She gripped him firm, stroking his wet cock with one hand and staring up at him. She licked her lips and inhaled the stink of his manhood, her wrist pumping briskly along his length as she knelt on the furs.

"Maybe you should let me do the planning then," she said, grinning and feeling his erection throb between her fingers as she stroked and tongued it coyly. Fanazar smirked as she teased the head of his penis, her palm sliding gently along its veiny shaft.

"You'll need to put me in a better position though, I can't even look at the maps from here," she said, watching a bead of clear precum grow on the tip of his cock.

Fanazar gave Tannah a playful shove. She let out a surprised shriek and fell back onto her butt, giggling. Fanazar grabbed at her belt, untying it and yanking her trousers down. He pulled them off her feet along with her boots and Tannah spread her legs, ready to fuck, feeling the cool air on her moistening cunt.

"Alright then, lets see what you come up with," he chuckled as he rolled her roughly onto her stomach and took her by the hips. Tannah propped herself up on hands and knees, glancing down at the decorated leathers depicting the valleys and hills around them as Fanazar rubbed his cock between her labia.

She bit her lower lip and blushed as she examined the images beneath her, then let out a long moan as his length slid into her.

"Ahhhhhh," she sighed, feeling his penis bulge, his balls pressing against her cunt. Tannah gasped and swayed above the map as Fanazar held her by the pelvis and fucked her, his thrusts coming hard and fast within moments of his first push.

"I hope you know I'm expecting something brilliant," Fanazar joked, panting as his groin slapped audibly against her naked butt. Tannah felt her clitoris throb as his scrotum beat between her thighs, her nipples rubbing against fabric as her tits bounced inside her shirt. Her pussy was drenched, drooling along his stiff member as it slid in and out of her.

Humoring him, Tannah gazed down at the lines and shapes drawn on the leathers. She considered their relative position, and the best mode of attack while letting out breathy gasps of enjoyment, feeling her womanhood spread tight around his girth.

"Their fortifications are solid," Tannah thought, distantly hearing Fanazar's lap smack against her ass and feeling her thighs shake as she took his cock. She concentrated, trying to think of words to say as he pounded her cunt with youthful enthusiasm.

"Ahhh ahhh!" she cried out, her body shivering as his balls slapped against her pussy, each time coming away more wet.

"There's no tree cover for almost a mile around the town or the fort," Tannah thought, her breasts starting to become sore as the sensitive skin brushed across linen. "It's a good thing we stopped to scout the valley, in the light of dawn that fortress would blend right in with the rocky crest its planted on."

"Ahh!" she moaned as Fanazar pushed his whole length into her cunt and held her tight against his sweat covered groin. "Ouch," she gasped, reaching for the buttons of her vest.

"What is it?" Fanazar asked, sensing that something was wrong.

"It's-it's my tits," she complained. Fanazar reached under her and lifted her up, his hands sliding into her shirt and covering her breasts. He massaged the soft mounds of flesh, her nipples poking between his knuckles as Tannah undid the garment and pulled her arms through it, laying it beside her as Fanazar fondled her body with rough desire.

She felt the tip of his erection bulge just inside the opening of her vagina as he groped her. She was on her knees but sitting straight up against him, his manhood bent upward between her legs and his lips touching her neck as she looked down at the maps.

She squinted at the markings indicating the fortress's location, getting an idea.

"Tell you what," Tannah sighed, her cheeks burning, her clitoris firm, her dark pubic hairs matted with sweat and arousal. "The more often you make me come, the better the plan will be." Fanazar chuckled, squeezing her breast, his other hand moving down across her naked abdomen to her hairy sex.

Tannah felt waves of pleasure roll up from between her thighs as his finger tip touched the flesh between the folds of her cunt. He held her naked body tight against him and she reached back to cling to his muscled hips. Fanazar stroked her exposed clitoris, thrusting gently into her, his breaths warm against her neck.

"Ahhh hhhhaaa!" Tannah shuddered, "that's it ... ohhhh!" It had taken some hours to coach Fanazar's inexperienced hands so that he could bring her to climax by himself. The first time he'd done it he didn't even know which parts gave her pleasure, and now he was nearly as proficient with his fingers in her pussy as she was.

"Ooohh," she moaned, her thighs quivering as Fanazar tickled her throbbing clitoris, his penis sliding into her cunt at a sharp angle.

"From where the fort is situated ... hahhhh!," Tannah moaned, speaking her thoughts aloud now as they fucked. "They could easily see us ... ahhh ... approach ... ahhh ahhhhh ... but we wouldn't see them. oooohhh! Yes! Fanazar ohhh yes!"

She reached back further and gripped Fanazar's naked ass hard, feeling it flex as he pressed against her, his balls brushing against the insides of her legs as he rocked his hips. His cock slid only part way into her with each push, the firm head of his manhood rubbing against the roof of her vagina as his hips encountered her butt.

"The fortress is ... ahhh," she gasped, feeling the beginning of an orgasm deep within herself, "... It's situated so that an enemy who didn't notice it ... would ... be trapped in the ... valley ... ohhh gods!" Tannah's mouth gaped and she shut her eyes, losing the sentence to the force of her climax.

"Ohhh, I'm coming!" Tannah moaned as Fanazar's fingers groped about in her bush, the shaft of his penis rubbing against her butt cheeks as he pushed it into her cunt from behind.

"Ahhhhh ahhhhhhh!" Tannah gasped, her face and chest burning as she came. She arched her back, her mouth wide in a silent wail, feeling her clitoris throb between Fanazar's fingers, her pussy tight around his cock.

"Ahhhhhhh," she sighed at last, over the peak and coming down.

"You were, saying something?" Fanazar chuckled as Tannah fell forward onto her hands and knees, panting.

"Together it's set up like a trap ..." she gasped, her body moist with sweat, feeling Fanazar's erection slide in and out of her as he took her by the hips once more. "... a trap for raiders like us. A siege would fail. The men at the tower could harass us too severely, and we can't utilize our superior mobility in this terrain," she shuddered, expecting the pulse of Fanazar's seed at any moment.

Instead Fanazar slid out of her and backed away. Tannah turned, seeing him pull one arm through the sleeve of his coat. She watched his penis bounce between his thighs as he pulled his shirt over his head. Tannah glanced one last time at the map, seeing the fortress marked along the ridge, almost hidden from their side of the valley.

"It's risky," she thought as Fanazar came close to her again, completely naked. She laid back, spreading her legs, lifting her feet in the air and smiling as he took her by the ankles, holding her thighs apart.

"But it could work if executed properly," she considered as he teased her sex with the head of his cock, making thrusting motions while Tannah sighed, waiting to feel his member slide into her open cunt. "Oh well, if he doesn't like it at least we'll get to fuck all night."

Finally Tannah felt the head of his erection poke into the opening of her womanhood. She let out a long sigh as he pushed it in.

"So, you've got nothing then?" Fanazar asked with smirk, holding Tannah's feet above her, staring distractedly at her bouncing tits while he fucked her pussy.

Tannah grinned, ogling Fanazar's strong chest and the thick muscles above his pelvis while his hips beat against her, the light hair above his groin slick with their combined sweat.

"I didn't say that," she said breathily, her face and chest still red, her toes curling as Fanazar held her feet up and pushed his cock all the way into her. "I've got something," Tannah smiled mischievously, reaching out to touch Fanazar's abdomen as he loomed over her.

"Really?" he laughed, as if not believing her, "well then, lets hear it," Fanazar said, finally looking up from Tannah's breasts.

"First tell me how badly you want me," Tannah said with a wide grin, her heels by his ears, his thrusts coming more slowly as she spoke. "It's a good plan, just like I promised, good enough to earn you a place as general," Tannah explained, tracing lines in the sweat on Fanazar's stomach, feeling his penis slide slowly in and out of her. "But ... ahhh ... it'll be difficult."

"So you see ... hahh ... you've gotta really want me Fanazar," Tannah said, biting her lower lip as she watched Fanazar fuck her, his hips glistening with moisture in the candle light. He stared down at her expectantly.

"I don't think that' will be a problem," he said, leaning forward, his hands leaving her ankles, moving down her legs, up her sides, and surrounding her breasts.
