 In the far trees Tannah could see it, a young buck, the creature that her and Fanazar had been stalking. Its face was obscured but its body was visible. If it had noticed them it wasn't wise enough to flee.

Tannah placed an arrow in her companions hand and he notched it without a sound. She had watched him shoot before and had no doubt he'd wound the creature mortally with the bolt. Her eyes went from his target to his steadied hand as he drew back the bow string. His shoulders were broad and his biceps were thick.

She studied the taut cords of muscle across his forearm as he gazed down the feathered shaft. She'd often imagined how it would feel to have them wrapped around her, to have his strong fingers on her breasts or slipping in and out between her legs.

Then her gaze traveled down to his groin as he took aim. Most of Gavwen's men were dumb enough to make a pass at Tannah while they were off in the woods alone. Even though she belonged to Gavwen, the general couldn't keep her from taking who she wanted into the woods with her.

He would kill any man he suspected for sure, but in Tannah's experience, as long as her lover was smart enough to shoot his load into the dirt rather than inside of her Gavwen wouldn't take notice.

Tannah looked at the man who until so recently had been a boy, her cunt already moist from thoughts of having him. Other men would have her down in the brush moaning into the palm of their hand by now, but it seemed Fanazar needed more motivation than mere opportunity.

He narrowed his eyes. Tannah needed to do something quick or he'd be up to his wrists in animal guts in a few minutes.

He took a deep breath and Tannah gave him a playful shove just as he loosed the missile. It flew wild, striking ground, causing their prey to look up. Its ears twitched, and in just two quick bounds it was gone.

"Woman!" Fanazar cursed, "you just cost me a months pay!" Tannah leaned against a tree and crossed her arms as he shouted at her. He hurled his bow at the ground in a fit of anger. It produced a twanging thud and bounced off the spongy earth. Tannah grinned mischievously.

He glared, his jaw set and his knuckles white, glancing back at where his quarry had been standing.

"How are you going to repay me for your foolish game?" he growled, stepping close. "Huh?" Fanazar was an inch away from Tannahs face but she didn't flinch or bat an eye.

"At this distance he must be able to smell my pussy," she thought, feeling the damp crotch of her panties rub against her womanhood. He stood a few inches from her face, his hands balled up at his sides.

"Well? How!?" he growled. She glanced down at his groin and looked up at him again, still calm.

"How do you want me to repay you?" she asked, her tone suggesting that she had something in mind already. Fanazar pursed his lips in frustration and whipped around. He reached down to retrieve his bow and slung it over his shoulder, his rage dissipating.

Tannah watched him take a deep breath and stare off into the distance, waiting for him to show some sign that he had taken the hint. Instead he simply gestured for her to follow. Now it was Tannah's turn to be frustrated.

She trailed close behind him as he stepped quietly through the brush. Tannah had disobeyed several of Gavwen's orders just to get him out here alone with her and suddenly it seemed he'd rather hunt than fuck.

Normally Fanazar would make all kinds of lewd, or suggestive threats. Now she was horny, and they were alone, and he wasn't even talking dirty.

"You're really holding on tight to that virginity of yours," Tannah teased as she pushed a branch aside and crept over rocky scrub.

"I am as long as it's the general's girl whose trying to take it," he responded.

"Hah!" Tannah laughed. "What happened to all that talk of, becoming leader, and choking me with your fat cock? Guess you're not so much man once you've actually got your chance."

"Hey!" Fanazar said, turning around to face Tannah, "don't go there, I'm warning you!"

"Warning me of what?" she replied, putting her hands on her hips and staring him down. Fanazar glared at Tannah, his cheeks slightly red. Tannah looked him up and down, waiting for him to give a good reason why they shouldn't have a roll in the leaves. She noticed the outline of his penis through his pant leg.

"I ... I'm not going to challenge Gavwen, that would be madness," he said at last.

"Well that's a break from the fearless Fanazar I thought I knew," Tannah thought, "but at least now he's bargaining." She took a step closer to the young man. When he didn't recoil she reached out and put a hand on his face.

"No-one said anything about challenges," she said, stroking his cheek, moving even closer. She took his other hand in hers and placed it on her chest. Instead of pulling it away he squeezed her breast. She ran her fingers through his scruffy golden hair and gazed into his light gray eyes. "I just want sex, right here in the forest. No-one has to know."

"Yes, for now anyways, sex will do," she thought, feeling the dampness between her legs.

"You, you're sure?" he asked, his breaths coming faster as he groped her through several layers of fabric. Tannah smiled and leaned in, pressing her lips to his, tasting mutton on his breath as she kissed him. His other hand touched her waist, then drifted to her hip, then moved slowly to her butt as her mouth moved urgently against his.

She felt the bulge of his erection against her thigh as their tongues intertwined. The sparse hair on his face scratched against her chin as he pinched and petted, his fingers exploring her whole form, his chest heaving as his breaths came faster and faster.

"You're sure no-one will see us?" he said, looking around at the forested ridges surrounding the creek they'd been following. Tannah smirked knowingly.

"They won't," she said, pressing her lips to his again and then pulling away after a short but deep kiss. "I've fucked at least two of the other men who are out hunting today Fanazar," she said, laughing softly, feeling him squeeze her ass as she caressed his broad back. "Even if they do see us they won't tell Gavwen."

"Alright," Fanazar said, grabbing at Tannah's chest again, "Can I see them?" He tugged at the ties of her vest but she swatted his hands away and took a step backward.

"You first," she said, biting her lower lip and blushing. Tannah felt giddy, she had seen Fanazar shirtless before but it was the first time she would be able to see it and have him. He rolled his eyes and began undoing the ties at his neck.

Tannah undid her vest slowly as she watched him. The cloak slid off his back and fell to the ground. Then he pulled his shirt off in one sweep of his thick arms. She smiled, staring at his strong naked shoulders and bulky frame, her eyes following the contours of his stomach muscles to where they disappeared beneath his belt.

"Your turn," he said, a handsome smile on his face. Tannah blushed and laid her wolf-skin cloak on the ground, and as her vest slid over her arms she felt cool air touch her naked breasts. She tossed the garment aside, her nipples already stiffening from the cold as he approached, his eyes fixed on her bare curves.

Tannah sat down on her cloak spreading her legs and laying back as he crawled on top of her.

"Mhmm," she sighed as he pressed his lips to hers again. She shuddered underneath him, allowing his calloused hands to touch her breasts. He kneaded and squeezed them excitedly, and she could feel his cock becoming firm against her groin as he laid between her thighs kissing her passionately.

"How do you like them?" she asked, her cheeks burning, her nipples poking between his fingers as he groped her.

"They're just as soft as I imagined," he answered, grinning and pressing his face into her cleavage. His scraggly chin hairs tickled her flesh as he played with her nipples, planting gentle kisses on her skin.

"Wait till you get to my cunt," Tannah said, watching him, feeling her juices soak into the crotch of her panties as he fondled her chest. Fanazar looked up from Tannah's breasts, a grin spreading across his mouth. Tannah laughed as he sank backwards eagerly, his hands caressing her naked midsection.

He buried his face in Tannahs crotch as she pulled at her belt, smiling down at him in amusement as he inhaled the scent of her womanhood through the linens and leather. She felt the tip of his nose dig against her clitoris through the fabric and gasped sharply.

"Hhh," she sighed, her skin prickling as she drew her belt strap through the brass hoop. Sensing that her pants were loose around her hips Fanazar tugged hard, sliding them off of Tannah's butt and pulling her a few inches toward him in the same motion.

She saw him gaze at her hairy pussy, fixated, her pants pulled only halfway down her legs. Tannah could feel the wetness on her womanhood as Fanazar brushed her pubic hair aside exposing it to the cold air.

"Go on, touch it," she said.

She felt his rough fingers against the sensitive flesh. He poked and probed at her opening with one thick digit as Tannah watched him discover its shape, its feel, and the texture of the clear stuff that flowed from inside of her.

"Hhh," she gasped again, feeling him push one rough finger into her cunt. He looked up at her seeming surprised by the noise she'd made.

"Don't stop," Tannah laughed, her cheeks burning as his knuckle touched her groin. He moved his finger in and out, caressing the walls of her vagina experimentally, a look of calm wonder on his face.

"Hhahh," Tannah moaned as his thumb came tantalizingly close to her clitoris, his hand smearing her arousal across her inner thighs as he played with her pussy. "Alright Fanazar," she said, "Time to put that cock of yours to use." Fanazar smirked and stood up, untying his boots as Tannah removed her own.

He fumbled blindly at his belt while watching her undress fully. Staring at her round breasts and the dark tuft of hair above her sex while undoing his trousers.

Tannah pulled her pants over her knees and ankles then laid back, completely nude, ogling the bulge outlining Fanazars erection as her hand went between her legs. Her heart raced, she couldn't wait to see his penis.

Fanazar's fingers moved clumsily at his belt. Tannah spread her knees apart and stroked her wet cunt, grinning as Fanazar struggled to divide his attention.

"Mmm," she hummed, gazing down between her tits, Fanazar's eyes fixed on her womanhood as she hooked two fingers into it. She bit her lip, spreading her labia apart as she drew her digits back covered in her juices, exposing the pink flesh of her pussy to him as she waited to fill it with his cock.

Finally his trousers went slack around his waist and without looking away from Tannah he yanked them down. He stepped out of his pants, his manhood fully erect and bouncing between his legs as he strode toward her.

It was pale with a pinkish head and his balls hung low beneath it. Tannah felt her cheeks burn as she saw it, excited by its length and girth, eager to feel it inside of her.

"Oh, wow, you're pretty big," she said as he sat between her knees, the bulbous tip of his penis already glistening with arousal, his hands running along the insides of Tannah's thighs as he gazed at her naked body.

"Are you excited to have me?" she asked, putting a hand on his cock and feeling it throb as she caressed its smooth surface, letting its underside rub against her labia as she stroked him. He was just as hard as she had hoped, veins bulging along his length, his virgin member smooth against her palm unlike those of previous lovers.

"Absolutely," he said with a sly grin. Tannah blushed, her smile widening as he gripped her by the knees making shallow thrusting motions with his hips. She angled her pelvis upward and let his cock slide along the furrow of her womanhood. Then finally its tip found her opening and with almost no effort he slid into her.

"Hhahhh," she sighed, feeling her pussy spread tightly around his girth. Fanazar's mouth hung open in a quiet gasp as he looked down at the joining of their sexes. "Congratulations, you're not a virgin anymore Fanazar," Tannah said, caressing his stomach and tugging at the blonde hair above his cock, feeling it throb inside of her. Fanazar grinned as he held her legs apart and thrust himself deep in her cunt.

He laid across her body, pressing his mouth to hers, her nipples poking into his broad chest. Tannah could smell her own arousal on her fingers as she stroked the sides of his face and kissed him, and as his tongue slid between her lips she felt his member bulge within her.

He moved slowly at first, making short, awkward thrusts, holding his groin against hers for long intervals, their pubic hair tangling as he soaked himself in the warmth of her wet pussy.

"Mmhmmm," Tannah moaned, her voice muffled by his lips, her toes curling and her fingers digging into his back as she spread her legs and took his length. She felt his heart thump faster in his chest with every irregular push. Within moments his balls were sticky with her juices, beating softly against her cunt as he fucked her.

"Ohh!" Tannah cried out, their mouths finally parting, Fanazar's hands sliding under her butt and back. "Ohhh ohhh yes!" she gasped as his thrusts came a little quicker, "Ohh fuck me!"

Fanazar sat up, lifting Tannah off of her cloak and setting her in his lap. She clung to his shoulders as his hands went to her breasts, squeezing and massaging them as she rode his cock.

"Ahhh ahhh ahhhh!" she cried out loudly, bringing her cunt down hard against his lap again and again, coating his member with her arousal.

"Shh!" Fanazar said finally, their groins pressed together, their pubic hair matted and mingling, their bodies already moist with sweat. "Do you want to alert the whole hunting party?" he asked.

"I can't help it," Tannah gasped, her face turning a brighter shade of red as she moved up and down, vigorously filling herself with his manhood. "Ahhh ahhh! You can cover my mouth," she said, shuddering.

"Ahhhmmphh!" she moaned as Fanazar pulled her close, kissing her to muffle her cries. He held her tight against his body, their hips rocking in tandem, her sighs vibrating his lips as his tongue tickled her palette. Her juices flowed thick across his shaft as he embraced her, caressing her back affectionately.

"Mmmm!" she squeaked, smiling, feeling her clitoris bulge, Fanazars scrotum slimy with arousal, squishing against her crotch as his erection filled her.

A feeling of reassurance crept into Tannah as Fanazar hugged her close, lovingly, his exhalations hot against her cheeks. She had never really been made love to before she realized as she sweated in his arms, her groin grinding needfully against him.

"He's much gentler than I'd guessed," Tannah thought, bouncing up and down between his thighs, his middle finger following the curve of her butt crack and his other hand moving across her shoulders as he held her against him. She felt her nipples poke into his smooth chest as he enfolded her, their sweat drenched bodies rubbing sensually together and their tongues intertwining.

"Oh well," she thought, feeling her pussy slide around the base of his cock, feeling his head expand within her as she brought him closer and closer to climax. "He might not be up for the task of killing Gavwen later, but at least he's good for a great fuck," she decided as she moaned into his mouth, her tongue wrestling with his.

"Nnngg," Fanazar grunted, pinching her ass hard as she rode him, her tits pressed flat against his chest. "Mmmh, Tannah, I'm about to ..." he groaned.

Tannah raised herself off of him, sliding off the tip of his penis and sitting between his knees. Warm liquidy goo struck her chest and rolled down her stomach.

She wrapped her hands around his shaft and stroked it, feeling gobs of his seed hit her neck and breasts and drip slowly between her thighs.

"Ahhhh," he sighed, gripping Tannah's hips and blushing as he came on her, his cum pulsing from the roundish head of his member and running across Tannah's knuckles in steady spurts.

"Sorry," he gasped, looking a little embarrassed. He sat back, his cock already starting to go limp in her hands, the backs of Tannah's wrists shiny with his seed.

"Don't worry about it," she said. Tannah laid back on her cloak, feeling the wet stuff already beginning to dry on her skin. She put a hand between her legs, touching herself as Fanazars penis went soft against her other palm.

"How was it?" she asked, casually stroking her clitoris.

"Warm," he said with a grin, his face still red, his eyes exploring Tannah's bare chest and open cunt, "and exciting." Tannah laughed, still stroking him. "Should I get you something to clean yourself with?" he asked, noticing how his seed had pooled in her belly button.

She watched him gather some rags from one of his traveling packs then walk to the creek to get it wet. Her clitoris throbbed against her finger as she stared at his muscular butt and back. Tannah sighed as she observed the way his balls dangled between his strong thighs and thought about them smacking against her pussy once more.

"He still acts like a boy," she thought, "he may not be useful for my cause. In any case, he has given me a lot to think about while I'm fucking Gavwen." She felt her juices run down her butt crack as she masturbated, the cold air chilling the cum that clung to her tits and stuck in her bush. "That is, provided it's him I'll be fucking," she recalled.

For the past few days Gavwen had made her pleasure his new tent wife while he watched and touched himself. Tannah could still taste the girls foul cunt on her tongue from just the memory. Suddenly she began to dread the idea of returning at all.

"What if we just, stayed here, forever," Tannah suggested as Fanazar wiped at her stomach and breasts with the rag. The water was cold but she still felt warm from sex so it didn't bother her.

"What? Out in the brush?" he chuckled.

"You'd get to fuck me every day," Tannah said. Fanazar frowned as he wiped at her neck. She chuckled when he didn't say anything.

"You're really beautiful," he said, reaching out and squeezing her breast as he admired her naked body. "But it isn't worth giving up this life."

"Maybe not for you," Tannah thought.

"Do you really think you could be leader of Gavwen's raiders some day?" she asked as Fanazar laid his cloak beside hers and sat down.

"Some day, I know I will," he answered with a smirk, watching her fingers move between her thighs. Tannah, looked Fanazar in the eyes and for a brief moment she saw the youth she had first met, back when Gavwen raided her village and made her his captive. He was only eight years old at the time and she was nineteen.

He was eighteen now but Tannah was twenty-nine, no matter how hard she looked at him she could only see childish naivete. Tannah pushed two fingers deep into her cunt, stroking the inside of her womanhood and feeling her clitoris throb against her palm.

"I can't believe we just did that," Fanazar said, putting a hand on Tannah's leg.

"Why's that?" Tannah gasped, her cheeks burning as she imagined him between her thighs again.

"I just never suspected you thought about me," he answered, "not in that way."

"Well, I didn't really think about you that way until you were about fifteen," she said.

"That long ago!?" he said. Tannah laughed. "What have I been doing all these years when I could have been with you," he said.

"Not taking any initiative I guess," Tannah teased. Fanazar scoffed. "You remember that time I caught you, you know ..." she trailed off and saw Fanazar's face turn turn a little redder.

"Yeah," he said with a sigh. There was a long silence. "I was thinking about you you know," he said. Tannah burst into laughter.
