 WARNING! EXTREME VIOLENCE, BLOOD, DISMEMBERMENT, NON-CONSENSUAL SEX

**********

Tannah stroked the dark haired girl's cheek and watched her. She was making miniature circles around Tannah's clitoris with her tongue, sending shivers throughout her body, staring up from her hairy groin and humming as she licked. Tannah glanced at where Gavwen and his guest were sitting. The two men drank and conversed while the girl ate Tannah's pussy.

"How many weapons did you say we obtained Tannah?" Gavwen asked as he looked across the short table at the merchant whose eyes were fixed on Tannah and the slim woman between her legs. From the expression on his face the squat balding man was happy to be distracted by the two girls, a factor that Gavwen would no doubt use to his advantage.

Tannah writhed, naked before them as she recalled the figures Gavwen was asking for, her toes splayed and her tits heaving as the slender girl pushed three fingers into her cunt and sucked on her wet labia.

"Fifty suits of ... hahh ... armor plate," Tannah sighed, looking down at the girl between her thighs, her cheeks pink, her lips pressed against Tannah's sex. "Two-hundred and forty swords, one-hundred and seventy wooden shields ... ahhh ahhh," she moaned, arching her back and blushing. "Eighty crossbows ... ahhh ... and ... mmmhm, I'm ... oh gods I'm gonna come!"

Tannah threw her head back and shuddered, clamping her thighs about the girl's ears, her face twitching as she feigned a long climax. "... and ... ahhh ... one-hundred long bows," she gasped, feeling her clitoris throb against the girl's tongue.

She felt the girl kiss her cunt, her fingers moving in and out, massaging the walls of her vagina tenderly. Her chin and mouth were still slimy with Tannah's arousal.

Tannah spread her knees again, brushing the girls hair from her face. The girl was naturally good at getting Tannah wet, a fact that made performing easier. Although her orgasms were always a show when her and the skinny woman had sex, she had gotten Tannah close to coming for real on more than one occasion.

"That's quite a woman you've got mister Gavwen," the merchant said, admiring Tannah as the girl climbed up from between her legs, squeezing her breasts and pressing her lips to Tannah's chest, her pale butt and Tannah's muscled thighs illuminated under the soft candlelight. "She fights, she pleases, she fucks men and girls. She has the figure of an athlete, and it doesn't even spoil her curves, quite a unique find to be sure."

Gavwen grinned, lifting the glass of wine to his scarred lips. Tannah stared at him from atop the furs as her and the girl kissed, tasting her own pussy as their mouths interlocked. The skinny woman smeared Tannah's juices across her cheeks and chin and exhaled softly while the two men watched them.

Tannah felt her hatred for Gavwen burn inside of her. When she was nineteen he'd taken everything from her. First he made her an orphan, then his concubine, then his mercenary, and now he was showing her off to his friends over dinner. Tannah reached between the girl's legs and touched her cunt, her fingers finding the slippery engorged node above her opening. She forced her inner turmoil to the back of her mind while she stroked the girl's sex.

"Ahhhh," the girl squeaked as Tannah rubbed her clitoris, her bush tickling Tannah's palm and her juices running down her fingers.

"Tell me, does she dance?" the roundish man asked as Tannah rolled on top of the girl, hooking two fingers into her pussy, spreading it wide so that Gavwen and his guest could see inside of her as she drew them out again. She examined the naked girl's pale body. She was starting to show signs of her pregnancy, but only slightly.

"Perhaps," Gavwen answered, "but it'd be a waste of her skills."

"Why win men's hearts when you can carve them from their chests eh?" the merchant chuckled.

Tannah looked over her shoulder and saw both men staring at her cunt as she fingered the dark haired girl. It was still juicy from the pleasure the small woman had given her.

"Ahh, ahhh ... ohh yes, touch me like that!" the girl moaned, writhing beneath Tannah.

"Oh yeah, you like that?" Tannah asked, planting playful kisses on the girl's face and neck.

"I'll tell you what Gavwen," the short merchant said, clearing his throat and taking on a more professional tone. "Adding a woman like that to the bargain would give me an excellent incentive to take on the risk of all this plunder you're offering. I'll need to reach out to nearly every dirty dealer in my network to be rid of it all whether it's good steel or not." Gavwen stared at the fat sack of gold coins on the table, a weighty retainer for the goods that the two men were bargaining over.

"Too bad I'm not for sale," Tannah said with a smile, her fingers sliding in and out between the girl's labia as she laid across her naked thigh. There was a long lull in the conversation, silence broken only by the soft moans of the girl in Tannah's arms.

"Would you like to try her?" Gavwen asked. Tannah's grin faded. Gavwen had always guarded Tannah's cunt with the threat of death. Being his tent-wife made her his in both body and mind according to the so-called rules of his kin. The merchant looked as surprised as Tannah to hear the offer. He raised an eyebrow in speculation and glanced again at Gavwen, showing tea-stained teeth as his expression changed from mixed uncertainty to lustful delight.

"Tannah, why don't you come over here and show our guest what you're especially good at," Gavwen said, swirling the wine in his glass. Tannah stood up, looking down at the flushed and slightly sweaty pregnant woman as her fingers slid out of her.

She turned around and looked at the short, ugly man, sitting on the fur cushioned ground, his knees apart and his legs folded beneath him.

"Especially good at," Tannah thought as she approached him. She saw a knife sitting on the low table between the two men, and for a moment she considered showing both of them what she was truly best at. Instead she obeyed, seeing the merchant's grin widen as she sat down before him.

She put her fingers in her mouth and sucked the pussy slime off of them as the man set his wine glass on the table and reached out to touch Tannah's breasts. His palms were fairly soft against her nipples, but he squeezed her tits roughly, squishing them and pressing them against her chest.

Tannah inhaled sharply as he man-handled her. She pulled at the ties of his silken pants and pretended to enjoy his unapologetic gropings, then reached in and pulled out his cock. It was thin but almost the same length as Gavwen's, its head greyish and mushroom-like, his foreskin cut like a westerner's.

She ran a hand along its shaft, feeling it become firm as she touched it, veins bulging along its surface, warm precum wetting her palm within moments of her first caress. Tannah leaned forward, laying down on her stomach between his knees, licking the clear stuff that was already trailing from the tip of his penis.

She felt his hands on her shoulders, traveling up her neck to her head as she kissed his manhood. Then Tannah's lips parted around his cock as he pulled her face against his lap, her mouth sliding down his shaft, her nostrils flaring as she inhaled the stink of his groin.

"She's not as willful as I suspected," the man said as Tannah bobbed her head, sucking back drool as his length slid across her tongue. "In fact I think she's more tame than my horse," he laughed. Tannah's eye twitched as her lips pressed against the merchant's scrotum, wondering earnestly if the man had tried to fuck his horse.

She felt his narrow erection bulge against the back of her throat. She was so distracted by her own anger that she didn't even gag on his member as he held her face against his chubby pubic bone.

"Your name and word are powerful forces both here and abroad Gavwen," the merchant mused, leaning back as Tannah pleasured him, "and yet it seems to me that you are just a regular outlaw, a dog with a fine pair of bitches for his bed perhaps. Still, I've met highwaymen with similar strength at arms." Tannah's eyes and mouth watered, her nose squished against the merchant's hairy crotch while she seethed internally.

"Highwaymen!" Gavwen scoffed. "Do you want to know how we acquired all the weaponry we're here haggling over? I sent a raiding party to collect our usual fee from one of our ... subjects. According to my commander they had set up a few new fortifications and brought in some of the King's soldiers without telling us," he explained.

The merchant's breaths came a little heavier as Tannah sucked, her whole mouth tasting like his precum as her lips slid down his length, coating it with her saliva.

"We killed the soldiers, and sacked the town in one night," he said, raising the wine glass and sipping from it. Tannah felt the merchant's fingers dig into her scalp and heard him shudder as he forced his cock between her lips.

"Nnnggk," Tannah gagged, clinging to the man's hips and tasting his arousal as his manhood pressed against her tongue.

"Allow me to elaborate," Gavwen said, "A little over a hundred of my men took a fortress housing fifty knights without losing a soul. We then stole their banners, dressed ourselves in their armor and when the enemy rode into the plains to face us we took them completely by surprise." He took another sip of wine as the merchant chuckled in amusement. "Does that sound like the work of highwaymen Jelek?"

Tannah recalled that night. Of course, Gavwen had failed to mention that they invaded the fort by stealth, or that they killed most of the knights before they could even arm themselves. That preliminary operation had been entirely Tannah's doing, she'd planned it, drawn up the time charts herself, and even hurled the first grapnel over the wall.

"Sounds like you have one talented commander among you," the merchant grunted, his cock throbbing with arousal as he pushed it into the back of Tannah's throat, holding it there until her face began to turn red. "You'd better watch your back with someone that cunning in your employ. Okay girl, time to see if you're as good with your cunt as you are with your lips," he said, pulling Tannah's head away from him.

Tannah gasped, thick drool strung between her face and the merchant's bouncing member as her mouth slipped off of its slimy head. She stood up and prepared to mount him but the short man grabbed her hips and turned her around.

"No no, on your knees like a true bitch," he said sitting up.

Tannah obeyed, cursing mentally as she bent over, clutching at the animal furs as he rubbed his cock between her labia.

"It was a rather brilliant stratagem," Gavwen said as the merchant pushed his length into Tannah's cunt. "Especially since it was his first command." The merchant glanced back and forth between Gavwen and Tannah, his fat, sweating hips slapping against her naked butt, her tits knocking together while he gripped her by the pelvis and fucked her.

"He's strong and he's clever, but he'll never unseat me," Gavwen said taking a longer sip and setting the wine glass down as he watched the merchant pound Tannah from behind. Jelek panted from the effort, though he'd only been at it less than a minute.

Tannah felt his cock slide in and out of her, glad that the girl had gotten her so wet. Tannah arched her back and took the merchant's skinny length, feeling his balls smack against her groin, her ass shaking with every eager push.

"Ahhhh!" Tannah gasped, feigning enjoyment, drool still covering her chin from going down on him, her tits swaying beneath her as her pussy slid around the base of the man's penis. "Oh, gods fuck me!" she moaned, scowling since neither man could see her face.

"A dog with sharp teeth is still just a dog," Gavwen said, going on about the young commander who he hadn't even named. "I gave him two girls and doubled his pay for that success, and he took it without question. The boy knows he could succeed me, but he wouldn't dare go against me." Tannah stared at the pregnant girl and fumed, sighing like a harlot to please the chubby man. The girl looked back at Tannah, a concerned expression on her face as she watched the scene. "You can't buy loyalty like that with money alone," Gavwen chuckled.

"Ahh ahhh ahhh!" Tannah moaned, remembering the last time Fanazar had taken her in his arms. She thought about how vehemently he had pulled the stolen armor plates off of her body, taking her up against the cold rocks overlooking the valley while the men sacked and looted the town. She felt her clitoris stiffen as she remembered Fanazar making love to her for the third time in a single night. Then she felt the hard smack of Jelek's palm against her ass.

"What about this kind of loyalty?" Jelek asked, laughing as he took Tannah on hands and knees. He slapped her butt again, harder, gripping her by the pelvis, thrusting himself balls-deep in her pussy. Tannah gasped, both of her butt cheeks stinging where the man had hit her. "What did this bitch cost if not merely a heavy sum of coins?" Tannah clenched her teeth and glared indignantly at the floor, her brown hair swaying around her ears and her thighs shaking, wishing the man would hurry up and ejaculate.

"His concubine, then his mercenary, and now I'm his whore," Tannah thought, feeling the merchant's erection bulge as it slid into her.

"Tannah? hah!" Gavwen laughed. "I massacred her village and made her my captive. Now she pleases me every night and does whatever I tell her, regardless of whether or not I give her any gold." Tannah's fingers dug into the animal furs as she took the rotund man's cock. "Tell me, Jelek, that any amount of money can buy that kind of loyalty." The merchant hesitated, soaking his penis in Tannah's womanhood.

"I don't deal in coins, seals, or marks on paper," Gavwen went on, looking at the sack of money on the table between them. "What I trade is fear Jelek. Gold will buy promises, but fear is how you buy hearts. Fear is what keeps dogs like mine truly obedient."

The merchant's thrusts slowed down as if he was contemplating. Once again Tannah considered the knife on the table, but she knew she couldn't win a brawl with Gavwen in such close quarters. If she'd had a crossbow or if he'd been poisoned she might be able to kill him herself. He was the largest man in the company and possibly still the strongest. Once Tannah had seen him tear a man's lower jaw off with his bare hands and let him bleed out in the middle of the camp.

"Fear," she thought, condemning her own inaction.

"Fear eh?" the merchant said, pulling out of Tannah. "I say we test this theory of yours. Let's see just how obedient this bitch is," the man said, spreading her butt cheeks with his thumbs and rubbing the head of his cock against her butthole.

"Damn it," Tannah thought, "he's going to fuck my ass." Her heart raced. She had seen other girls taken in this way before, either by sadistic soldiers, or vengeful husbands. It was a practice that always seemed to produce tears. Tannah felt her elbows and knees wobble as she dreaded what was about to happen.

She took a deep breath to relax her nerves as he pressed the bulbous tip of his erection against her tightened asshole.

"It will only hurt more if you resist girl," Jelek said, smearing the wetness of his cock along her butt crack as he tried to force it in. Reluctantly, Tannah relaxed her ass and felt her hole stretch tightly around the head of his member.

"Ahhh ... mmmmhmmm!" Tannah groaned, biting her lower lip and shivering in discomfort as he pushed his penis deeper. "Ahhh, ohh gods," she whined, feeling his shaft slide into her. When his balls touched the skin above her cunt Tannah clenched involuntarily. "Ahh! Ooooh," she cried out, from the resulting waves of pain.

"Thank the gods he's not as thick or long as Fanazar," she thought, her eyes shut, an expression of anguish on her face as she fought the urge pull away.

"How about that?" Jelek chuckled, "even the whores in my home town won't let me do this to them." Tannah clawed at the furs as he slid in and out, picking up his pace until he was thrusting at the same speed as before, his balls squishing between her butt cheeks as he forced his skinny member into her ass.

Every time he entered her Tannah felt painfully full, the muscles tense and straining despite his narrow girth. He squeezed her hips, shuddering as he fucked her, the leathery skin on his cock rubbing roughly between her cheeks.

Tannah laid her face against the ground and reached back, spreading her butt crack in an attempt to alleviate the pain.

"Ahhhh!" she moaned as the small man's erection expanded inside of her. "Ohhhh," she whimpered, her ass in the air, her knuckles white and her thighs shaking. Her butt was already sticky with his groin sweat, causing her fingers to slip as she held her butt cheeks apart, trying desperately to relax her asshole as it slid down his length.

"Oh by the gods please cum in my ass," she begged, just wanting it to be over. The short man laughed cruelly, his manhood throbbing with arousal at the end of every push. "Ahhh!" Tannah cried out as he spanked her hard.

"You're going to have to ask me a little louder," he sighed, his hand striking her butt soundly.

"Cum in my ass! Oh gods please cum in my ass!" Tannah moaned, gritting her teeth, her face and chest turning red from humiliation as she looked back at Gavwen. He gazed down at Tannah, saying nothing, sipping his wine and watching the small man defile her. Eventually the pain subsided a little and she felt only a numbed ache as her butthole slid around his cock.

Then she felt his fingers dig hard into her hips. He let out short gasps and Tannah felt his erection pulsate within her, his thrusts slowing.

"Finally, he's cumming," she thought, her asshole tight around the base of his manhood, the hair around his scrotum tickling her skin as he came in her.

"Mmmhhmm, yes you're welcome," the man groaned, clinging hard to Tannah's ass. "Today you get an arse full. If I didn't like you I'd have you suck me the rest of the way." Tannah looked at the naked girl on the furs in front of her. She felt Jelek's manhood throb as he squirted his load between her butt cheeks, her face burning hot from embarrassment.

"I'll give you a thousand, for the arms and armor," Jelek said, panting from exertion, sweat falling from his brow and rolling down Tannah's butt crack as his penis began to go limp. "I'll take it all with no sell-back agreement, provided I get to keep Tannah," he said.

Tannah felt numb inside. Bent over, naked with her butt cheeks spread apart, about to be sold like a regular slave. She felt the squat little merchant draw back, and felt his cum pour from her gaping asshole, rolling down the insides of her thighs and into her open pussy while the two men watched.

"She's not for sale," Gavwen said, surprising Tannah again. Tannah stood up, wiping cum from between her thighs and feeling more of it seep from her butt. She laid across the dark-haired girl's naked body once more, touching her absentmindedly as the two men continued doing business.

After spending some time in the girl's arms, feeling Jelek's seed drip down her leg and dry on her skin, Tannah dressed herself and went out to join the other men. She emerged from Gavwen's tent to the sounds of drunken laughter and the woeful moans of women.

The victory at Arvokisk had left everyone in a joyous mood. The sack of such a large town with so few men meant they could take on bigger targets and the fear they inspired would win greater tribute. They had been drinking and celebrating almost every night since the battle was won, enjoying their tent-wives openly in orgiastic bliss.

Tannah walked between them, feeling nothing as she saw girls bent over and squealing while people gathered to watch. Her anger toward Gavwen and his company had burned inside of her so long that it left her feeling cold and emotionless.
