 Tannah looked down from her saddle at the woman sobbing pathetically before her. Strewn throughout the street lay the bodies of her neighbors and family, most of them killed in the last hour. Tannah glanced at the warrior beside her and saw him smirking from lust and amusement, his battle axe at his side, his other hand controlling the reigns of his horse.

Tannah dismounted and hefted her curved blade, seeing droplets of crimson already beginning to dry on its surface. The woman didn't cower, protest or beg, she simply wept, her last moan cut short with a gurgle as Tannah struck her head from her shoulders.

"Shame," the younger warrior said, "I could have made that one my first tent wife."

Fanazar was a pretty man with short blonde hair and a scraggly youthful attempt at a beard growing on his chin, and like all the pretty men Tannah fought with he seemed to lack any kind of compassion.

Tannah studied him as she wiped the blood off of her blade with a piece of torn fabric. It seemed he'd been just a boy only a month ago, and now he was broad in the chest, wore raider's chain mail and outfought some of Gavwen's more seasoned fighters.

She had been watching him practice ever since he had been made a full warrior. He was strong and lightning quick with his axe, which he could hurl it with uncanny accuracy at some ranges.

Tannah put a foot in the stirrup and lifted herself into the saddle of her mare.

"You'll get another one," she replied to him, surveying the carnage as the others looted. She listened to the familiar sound of flames crackling and women sobbing as the men took them against their will.

Tannah had been one of those girls once, back when she was only nineteen years of age, when she first met general Gavwen. For the whole first month after his raiding party killed her family he took her twice a day expecting her to get with child.

When Tannah never got sick from pregnancy and the other girls did he decided she likely never would, but Gavwen was a man who made every possible use of the things he took. He gave Tannah a sword and taught her to fight, each night daring her to try and use her skills to slit his throat as he fucked her. Tannah never made an attempt on his life.

In the years that followed she watched the other girls die giving birth, the first time if they were lucky. When she was strong enough with the blade and had earned Gavwen's trust in bed he allowed her to join the others and earn a mercenary's pay.

"Fanazar," Tannah said as the young man ogled a pair of tits. He watched them sway as the young girl they belonged to choked back tears, her hands against a wall, her butt jiggling as one of the raiders pounded her ruthlessly from behind.

"... Yes," he answered, finally turning away as they rode through the village side by side.

"You've never had a girl have you?" she asked, the corners of her mouth curling up in a grin as she said it. The young man's face began turning red as he faced her.

"I ..." he stammered, clearly taking it more personal that he should. Tannah laughed, watching his expression change to indignation and frustration.

"Sure, have your fun," he said, "one of these days I'll be in charge. Laughing won't be so easy when you're choking on my fat cock." Tannah bit her lip and blushed slightly as she thought about it.

"Hey now," she said, looking him up and down, "it's a long ride back, don't go making me wet until I'm out of the saddle and can do something about it." Fanazar's blush deepened and he smirked to hide his awkwardness. Tannah was at least ten years older than Fanazar but now he was a man and she was still a desirable woman. Thoughts of his sparsely hairy face between her thighs often flashed through her mind while she touched herself.

They rode back to the camp together, exchanging compliments on a battle hard fought, Tannah occasionally poking fun at Fanazar, hoping to draw more sexual threats out of him.

When they finally reached Gavwen's staging area it was already getting dark. The other men were drinking and shouting stories of their kills or taking the girls they'd captured into their tents and making them squeal.

"What's the matter boy!" one of the men growled, playfully addressing Fanazar, "still haven't netted yourself a woman!? Were they all too strong for you!?" He slapped Fanazar hard on the back as he and the other men burst into laughter.

"I see that's why I had to do all the hard fighting, you were all busy bagging bitches," Fanazar replied. The others burst into laughter again. Tannah imagined becoming Fanazar's first as she watched them, glancing at the generals tent from time to time, expecting Gavwen to send for her soon.

Some minutes later she saw him emerge. He was a big man, standing about seven feet tall, wearing a fur skin cloak on his chest and back, and scars of battle on his face. He had a slight limp from taking a spear in his thigh when he was in his prime.

"Tannah!" he yelled in the booming voice that still terrified her. She stood up from sharpening her sword and walked dutifully toward his tent, avoiding the gazes of the younger raiders. He saw her approaching and grinned, then disappeared behind the tent flap.

Tannah glanced one last time at Fanazar, and saw him looking back. She turned away, hoping that no-one had noticed their gazes meeting. Gavwen would, and had, killed men who openly made passes at Tannah.

When she entered the tent she saw Gavwen with his most recent fare, a dark haired girl of about twenty whom he'd gotten pregnant some weeks earlier. She sat naked on a stack of furs opposite where Gavwen was already busy undressing. She was thin with olive skin and dark nipples atop slender breasts, and a mane of black hair above her naked cunt.

Gavwen didn't need to tell Tannah what he wanted. She had been his tent wife long enough, she knew what to do.

The girl in the corner was new to Gavwen's camp, captured from a caravan they had come upon by chance on their way into the area.

"She needs to learn," he had said. He'd spent a week training the girl not to weep while he fucked her. Tannah knelt before Gavwen, looking up at his cold eyes, a casual expression on his scarred face.

She untied his trousers, letting them slide over his thighs and fall to the ground exposing his pale thick cock and his wrinkled balls. She wrapped her calloused hand around his leathery shaft and inhaled the stink of his unwashed groin.

"Come girl, remove my clothes," Tannah said as she stroked Gavwen's partially erect length. She heard the girl approach timidly, then felt her reach around her body, putting her slender fingers to work at the buttons of her vest.

Tannah pressed her mouth to the tip of Gavwen stiffening manhood, and then opened wide, allowing his penis to slide across her tongue and into the back of her throat. She let it remain there, feeling it stiffen between her lips as she peered up at him, imagining Fanazar in his place. Gavwen's curly pubic hairs tickled her nose and her mouth watered around his cock as it grew and became firm.

"Ahh, that's my girl," he moaned as Tannah's lips slid back along his member, her palms on his strong thighs, staring down his slimy length as she sucked. The girl behind her drew her vest and cloak over her shoulders as she bobbed her head. She felt cool air against her breasts as Gavwen's manhood bulged with arousal against her tongue.

"The most important thing about pleasuring a man with your mouth," he said, putting his hands on Tannah's face and rocking his hips gently, "is keeping your teeth from touching his cock."

Tannah tried not to gag as his erection slid deep into the back of her throat. She could already taste his salty precum coating her palette and the insides of her cheeks as it oozed from the tip of his penis.

"Tannah has been pleasuring me like this for years, no doubt you can learn how she does it," he said. Tannah listened to the click of metal and the rub of leather as the girl undid her belt. She imagined Fanazar preparing to mount her as the girl pulled her pants down, exposing her hairy pussy as her lips slid along Gavwen's rock hard shaft.

She felt his balls bump against her chin as he held her head in place and fucked her mouth, his manhood slick and shiny with her saliva, drool dangling from her bottom lip. Each time his cock slid over her tongue into the back of her throat Tannah could taste a little bile, but each time she swallowed it back along with the slimy goo that trickled from the tip of his penis.

"Ahhh," Gavwen moaned, Tannah's eyes watering as she looked up from his groin, her lips tight around the base of his erection. "You see," he said, gazing down at the young girl behind her, "her mouth is like a second pussy to me." For a moment, Tannah's fantasies about the young warrior turned into thoughts of murdering Gavwen, a desire that she hadn't allowed to trouble her since she was young.

"Ggnnggh!" she gagged as Gavwen's cock bulged in her mouth.

What if Fanazar really did become leader, she thought, tasting the sweat on Gavwen's length as it slid across her tongue. What if he killed Gavwen and took me as his first tent wife. Tannah felt her cunt moisten as she imagined the young man having her.

It wasn't beyond the realm of possibility. Gavwen's joints were much stiffer now than in his youth. The injury to his thigh had made it difficult for him to ride a horse so now he rarely joined the men in battle. Despite this, Gavwen was still the biggest and possibly the most skilled warrior among them. It was likely he would still kill the boy if it came to combat.

"Girl," Gavwen said as his hips rocked, Tannah's lips touching his naked scrotum each time he pushed his cock into the back of her throat. "Wet Tannah's cunt for me will you." The girl's slender hand went between Tannah's thighs and she could feel her soft fingertips rub across her clitoris as she smeared spittle along the furrow of her womanhood. It was entirely unnecessary. Her pussy was already open and drooling from thoughts of her young raiding companion.

Then to Tannah's surprise the girl hooked two fingers up into her cunt. Her hand remained there for a long moment, her fingertips massaging the inside of her vagina. Tannah could feel her juices cover the girl's palm and run across her knuckle as her other hand went to her breast. She drew them back out slowly and Tannah felt her clitoris bulge as she pushed them into her again.

"Mhhmm," Tannah sighed as the girl fingered her, performing nearly the same motions Tannah did when she masturbated. Tannah clung to Gavwen's pelvis hard as the girl stroked her pussy, her cheeks turning pink and her mouth full of Gavwen's girthy manhood.

"Not quite what I had in mind girl, but that'll do," Gavwen chuckled, his balls smacking against Tannah's chin.

Then Gavwen released Tannah and backed away. She collapsed onto all fours gasping, a string of drool dangling from her lower lip, his cock firm and glistening with spit just inches from her face. Gavwen sat down on the furs before her, his penis fully erect and dripping with Tannah's saliva.

She stood up, feeling the girl's slender hands slide off of her body, and stepped out of her trousers, kicking them away as she got ready to mount him.

When he was younger Gavwen would take Tannah on hands and knees like an animal, fucking her cunt so hard her thighs would be sore the next day. Ever since his injury though Gavwen had become a lazy lover. She'd been glad when the sex was less rough, though now she had to do nearly all the work to get him off.

He laid on his back staring up at Tannah with his manhood pointed toward the ceiling, admiring her naked body as she stood over him. Her thighs and chest muscles were well-defined from years of sparring and riding a horse, and yet it didn't detract from her femininity. Her breasts and butt were round and supple despite her athleticism.

Tannah lowered herself into Gavwens lap, reaching between her thighs to guide the tip of his cock. She looked at the naked girl sitting beside them whilst spreading her labia apart with two fingers, letting her pussy slide down his shaft, gasping softly once he was all the way inside of her.

"Keep watching girl," Gavwen said as Tannah sat atop him, his scrotum squishy and wet against her crotch, his penis just the right length and firmness to completely fill her womanhood.

Gavwen put his hands on her hips and moaned as she moved up and down, slowly at first, and then quicker, her eyes fixed on the dark tuft of hair above her sex as she brought it down against his hairy groin again and again.

"Ahhh ... ahhhhh," Tannah sighed, feeling him throb with arousal inside of her. She bounced up and down in his lap, her cunt smacking against him as his hands explored her naked chest.

She wondered as she rode Gavwen's cock, how long Fanazar would last between her legs, having never been with a woman. She felt her cheeks burn and her womanhood drool along Gavwen's length as she thought about letting the young man use her body to satiate his lust.

"Ahhh ahhhhh! Oh gods I love your cock!" she howled, feeling her pussy spread as she slid down his length, hoping to the same gods she exclaimed to that he'd be quick and ejaculate shortly. Tannah blushed, knowing that the men outside listened to her cries, and often even repeated them to her around dinner.

"Ohhh yes, ooh you're so hard!" she moaned. Tannah glanced at the tent flaps and saw Fanazar's face in the distance illuminated by fire light. She blushed an even deeper shade as she rocked her hips, taking Gavwen into her.

Had he been peeking? She wondered, her tits bouncing and her thighs shaking as she fucked him, moaning loudly. She didn't care if he watched, in fact she wanted him to see her, naked and exposed, with a man she hated. Perhaps if he watches he'll grow the stones he'll need to take me for himself, she thought.

"In case you're wondering," Gavwen said, addressing the naked girl beside them, squeezing Tannah's breasts as she moved atop him, "Tannah used to be like you." He smirked, his penis throbbing deep inside her, her pubic hair tangled with his, his balls slick with her juices.

"Ohh yes," Tannah gasped, imagining Fanazar's youthful hips between her legs, her breasts moist with sweat, her nipples stiff against Gavwen's palms.

"I had to take her by force each night," Gavwen said. "She used to be frigid, now she can't get enough of my cum, and she fucks like a whore." Tannah let out a deep shuddering moan as he groped her, his gaze fixed on her pussy as it slid down his shaft.

Tannah imagined Fanazar pushing her to the ground and pulling her trousers off. She threw her head back and sighed as she thought of him thrusting clumsily between her legs, his inexperienced hands discovering the feel of a woman's breasts for the first time, his cock solid as a stone in the warmth of her vagina.

"Ahhh ahhhhh! Ahh ... ooh yes!" she gasped, feeling her clitoris stiffen with arousal as Gavwen's manhood filled her cunt, her nipples poking between his fingers. She heard Gavwen let out a shuddering groan that she recognized well, and when she felt him bulge within her she knew he was cumming.

"Nnggn, uhnnn," he grunted as Tannah sat in his lap, their groins pressed together, wet with sweat and arousal. Tannah's breasts heaved as he came, her pussy tight around the base of his erection as the pressure of his orgasm built up inside of her.

"Oooh," Tannah sighed, feeling him pump more of his seed into her each time his penis throbbed. If it wasn't bad enough that Gavwen demanded sex nearly every day from Tannah, he also had the messiest orgasms of any man she had ever been with.

"Uhhnn," he moaned, squirting what she hoped was the last of his load into her.

Tannah leaned backward and slid out of his lap, spreading her legs as she sat between Gavwen's naked thighs, letting his cock slip naturally out of her. She felt his seed pour freely from her open cunt and into her butt crack as she sat between his knees, his hands exploring her pelvis as he watched his cum drip between her labia.

Tannah stood up and went about finding herself a rag as the warm goo rolled down the insides of her thighs and squished between her butt cheeks. Gavwen sat panting from exertion on the furs behind her, watching as Tannah cleaned herself.

"One day girl ..." he said, out of breath, "one day you'll be like Tannah. Only, you won't need to fight, because you've got a womb that works." Tannah wiped Gavwen's seed from her pussy, immediately feeling more of it ooze from inside of her and drip down her leg. "Consider yourself lucky," he said as Tannah dried the hair around her cunt.

"Lucky," she thought, resisting the urge to scoff.

She reached for her panties but Gavwen caught her wrist and held it in place.

"Tannah," he said, laying naked before her, his cock limp between his legs.

"Yes sir?" she responded.

"Before you go would you mind seeing to the girl's needs?" he asked. Tannah looked at the dark haired girl who was still sitting silent on the furs beside him.

"Her needs?" she asked, her face turning red again.

"Yes," he chuckled, "I just want to see you do it." Tannah's jaw stiffened and she turned toward the girl. She took a deep breath and sat down before her, then reached out to touch her breast experimentally.

The girl laid back, and Tannah crawled atop her, looking down at her slender body, her pert nipples and smallish tits. She leaned close and pressed her lips to the girls' and as her hand went between her legs she cursed Gavwen mentally.

She felt only a tiny bit of moisture as her fingertips explored the girls pussy, and her lips moved shyly as they kissed. Tannah fingered the opening of her vagina looking for wetness, but found none as she laid between her legs.

"Come on girl," Tannah whispered, her breasts pressed against hers, touching her sex tenderly, "give me something to work with." Finally seeing no other option she crawled backward, going down between her legs until she was staring at her hairy cunt.

Reluctantly she put her mouth against the girl's dry labia and probed about with the tip of her tongue, doing her best to ignore the pungent smell exuded from her womanhood.

"Ah," the girl squeaked as she tongued and kissed her clitoris, feeling it stiffen between her lips as she sucked it. Tannah looked up and saw the girl's face turn pink as she pressed her face into her crotch, licking the furrow of her sex, her nostrils flaring as they filled with the scent of her sweaty vagina.

She glanced at Gavwen and saw him kneading the girl's breasts, peering down between her legs to watch. Finally the girl's juices began to flow, and Tannah's lips burned as she kissed the flesh between her labia, her chin and cheeks becoming slick with it almost immediately. The girl's legs quivered about her ears as she held her by the hips and tasted her growing arousal.

That is when Tannah knew what she had to do.

Gavwen has to die, she thought to herself, hearing the girl gasp, her tongue sweet with her juices now as she licked and sucked for Gavwen's amusement. He could subject Tannah to a wide variety of abuses. He could choke her, take her in the ass, or make her beg for his cum. This however, was a humiliation she wouldn't abide.

"Ahhh," the girl gasped as Tannah pushed two fingers into her cunt. Tannah peered over the girls bush at Gavwen, thinking about all the ways she might kill him, feeling his cum drip from her open pussy as she laid on the furs with her head between the girls' thighs.

I may be his tent wife but I'm no-one's to give away she thought, hearing the girl's sighs quicken, her chest heaving as Tannah fingered her vagina and licked her throbbing clitoris.

"Ahhh hhhaahh," the girl shuddered, her legs wobbling, her pelvis rocking gently, her juices running down Tannah's chin and sticking to her cheeks. Tannah felt the girl's feet rub against her hips and bare butt as she squirmed. Then she put her hands on Tannah's ears. Her face and chest blushed brightly as she rode Tannah's mouth, gasping fervently.
