 Chapter 1: Beginnings

It was just another average day; waking up at 6:30 AM to my alarm clock, rolling out of bed, and getting ready for work. As I stumbled from the bed to the bathroom, I knew this was going to be another high caffeine intake day. Sigh, I thought, why does my life have to be this crappy? My name is Paul. I am a 19 year old college student going to a school in Florida. I live with both of my parents, and am home for the summer right now. My father is a Fundamentalist Southern Baptist church pastor, while my mom is a typical stay-at-home mother. I have three siblings; two younger brothers, whom I am somewhat close to, and an older sister, whom I love dearly. My parents all but force me to conform to their standards; not only no drinking, smoking, or sex allowed, but movies such as XMen: The Final Stand and The Green Lantern I'm not allowed to go see because it has a few swear words in it. The private university that I go to is even more Fundamentalist than my parents; we are not even allowed to have physical contact with the opposite sex. Just to be clear, Fundamentalist is an extremely conservative branch of Christianity. Just think Amish; I'm a step above that, as we have electricity. 

I just wish I had a normal life, I thought, as I turned on the shower. The worst thing I can get away with is watching porn a few days a week! Needless to say, I do not hold to my parent's beliefs. I mean, if it weren't for my parents strict rules, I would definitely be able to get a girl anyways; I'm 6'1" with blonde hair and gray eyes that are shaped well; I play basketball and other sports often, so my physique is toned and muscular. The summer job I hold right now has me on the farm working in fields for 11 hours a day, 5 days a week, so I have an excellent tan. I've noticed the looks I get from girls, and pretty girls too. Unfortunately, the vise-grip my parents have me in right now makes it to where I can't follow through on any sparks that I might have with someone. I know what you're thinking; why doesn't he just leave? He's eighteen, can hold down a job and apartment; why won't he just go? I can't really answer that, other than telling you that my parents do pay for college and everything else, so I guess it's just plain old laziness. My older sister has already thrown off the bonds of my parents, and she's much happier for it. I guess when I get the guts, I'll finally move out.

After I get dressed and eat some breakfast, I get in the car to head to work. It's about a fifteen minute drive through back roads where you can speed, so the commute isn't bad. I get to the shop to ask the boss what fields to work today, and see my two co-workers; my best friend Travis, who is 19 as well, and a 62 year old man named David. After getting to the fields where we would be beginning today, we three head out to the first one to begin.

"Mmm, it's 'posed to be a hot one today, fellas," said David. Yep, the forecast that morning was calling for 96 and sunny. "We'll probly break every 45 minutes today."

"Yeah, it's gonna be a scorcher. Seven o'clock in the morning, and already I'm sweating," I replied.

We got out to the first field, and finished it in about 30 minutes. That seemed to prove to be the pace for the day, as we finished four fields before breaking for an hour for lunch at 12. As we headed out into the next field after lunch at 1:15, a strong wind started up.

"Well, at least if it's gonna be 100 degrees out here, we can have a breeze," said Travis. "Whew! This feels really good."

At this point, both me and Travis took our shirts off. The wind just felt too good to waste by leaving our shirts on. However, in the next instant, I woke up on the ground with dirt in my mouth.

"Wha-, what the fuck just happened? Travis, David, y'all good?" I said, trying to locate my friends. I got no answer. Instead, when I stood up and turned around, there was a woman there. Just standing there, looking at me. "Uhh, hello?" She just looked at me quizzically. Wow, she's freakin' hot, I thought to myself as I slowly began to walk towards her. She was wearing what appeared to be a combat suit; however, it didn't look like anything you would even see in video games. It was white, with what appeared to be a slot at the top for probably a retractable helmet. It had buttons all over the suit, with the biggest concentration being on her right forearm and hand. 

As I watched her closely, I saw that she was very beautiful. Her face was gorgeous; she had a soft jaw that came down to a small chin. Her nose was small, turning up just a bit at the tip. Her eyes and cheekbones were her best feature; her eyes were very dark brown and almond shaped, giving her a mysterious allure. Her cheeks were high and wide, giving her more of an exotic look as well. She also had amazing hair. It was black, with a dark red highlight streak running through it, and long, down to her waist. I didn't know if it was the suit or not, but her breasts looked to be maybe a C or small D cup. She had a very slim, but not unhealthy, waist, leading down to curvy hips and long legs. However, the look on her face was nothing but hardness. 

After a few steps, she put her hand out, and even though I was a good 20 feet away, I was thrown to the ground with enough force to take my breath away. As I lay trying to catch my breath, I saw her shadow coming over me. I got a good look at her hair from this angle; it was dark brown, long down past her shoulders, and straight. She knelt beside me and spoke in a foreign language. She spoke for a few seconds, but her language sounded like nothing I had ever heard before. It had elements of what seemed to be Russian and German, but other sounds I didn't even know how she made. Maybe her physiology allowed for more sounds than humans can make?

"Huh?" I told her. "I didn't understand a word you just said." She sighed and reached into a hidden pocket in her suit and produced a large dark blue square machine. She held that up to my mouth and motioned for me to speak again. I repeated myself, and she motioned to say that was enough. She then spoke a few words into it and pressed a button. After waiting a few minutes, she then spoke.

"I said, are you all right? Did I hurt you?"

Woah! She even sounds hot! "Uhh, no, I think I'm good," I said.

She took on a relieved look and said, "Good! I did not know what kind of weapon you would be carrying and what kind of reception you would give me. Please allow me to introduce myself; my name is Myra. What is your name?" 

"My name's Paul. Listen, I need to find the two people who were out here with me."

"Let me search for them." Myra pressed a couple of buttons on her wrist, and waited a couple of seconds. "I am sorry, but there are no human life forms within three miles. I do not know what happened to them."

As I processed what she was saying, she suddenly stood up and put her arms out to her sides and closed her eyes. Another flash of bright light came, and a large being in a black suit appeared out of nowhere, about 15 feet away. "Come with me! Hurry!" shouted Myra. I didn't need any more prodding, as the being produced a cannon that looked like it would break any man's arm in half to shoot it. Well, shoot it he did, and it would have reduced me to a pile of ash had Myra not used her mysterious power to deflect it back at him. "Hurry! That won't keep him for long!" 

"Where are we hurrying to?" I shouted above another strong wind. 

"Right in front of us! Almost here...," said Myra. Again, out of nowhere a spaceship materialized. It was all white, with lots of blinking lights, and about the size of a small field we would cover. "Get in! Get in! I can't lose you!" shouted Myra. As I climbed in, she got in the captain's chair and instructed me to get in the co-pilot's chair and touch nothing. We took off from the ground and made it into space in a couple of seconds. "Get ready to enter warp space; it will be rough for you for the first time," said Myra. I turned to the window on my side, and saw another spaceship. This one was a deep purple, about the size of our moon. It was huge! 

"Uhh, Myra, what's that?" I asked her. Myra turned and gasped. 

"Turn away! You will not want to see this." There was a light growing at the front of the ship. Then, a light began to grow around Earth. Then, in one instant, there was nothing. Just, nothing. No huge purple ship, no Earth, nothing. I blinked a few times, letting it sink in. Oh, my God. Earth is gone. Earth is fucking gone!



Author's Note: This is my first writing ever, so please let me know if there's something to change, or if you like it enough for me to keep writing. This should be a very long series, so get in for the ride and hang on tight! :D Oh, and trust me, we'll get to the sex. ;)

Author's Note PS: Thanks much to volunteer editor Redgyal! Amazing help on this work!