 "I just want to go on the record one last time, Tara, that I think this is a horrible idea!"

Tara smiled behind the translucent-red cloth covering the bottom half of her face as she walked down the Martian capital of Vorxtan. Her fellow pirate, Robin, was always so worried about her. She could hear the concern in his voice that was being transmitted through the earpiece hidden in her bejeweled earrings. 

She pulled her long cloak tighter around herself as a warm wind blew down the streets between the pyramid and octagonal buildings that defined the downtown of this city. It was after sunset and the streets were less crowded now. Some late-working Martians and a group of tourists from Saturn were the only beings she could see on the streets this evening.

"You worry too much!" Tara laughed. It had only been two years since she and her friends, Robin and Malo, had been unjustly forced into exile from Earth. In that short time, they had had many adventures as space pirates, fighting corruption wherever they could. They had already defied the Inverted Blade of Death of the tyrant Kharlsen on Jupiter and ended his horrible slave trade. They stood up to that corrupt government official on Mars, Daro Dallas, and thwarted his evil plans. They had even confronted the terror of the Red Jackal and his Moon Spiders.

"You take too many risks!" Robin replied in her earpiece. It was true that she sometimes leapt before she looked, but this time she had to take the chance. Last week, when Tara and her crew fought some smugglers on the far side of the Neptunian moon, they stumbled across a shipment of hyper-nuclear weaponry.

Tara whispered, knowing the microphone in her earrings would still be able to hear her,

"Robin, you know how important this is!" And indeed it was. Hyper-nuclear weaponry had been outlawed decades ago because they were considered too deadly, even by warfare standards of the 24th century. The incredibly devastating arsenal they discovered could alter the balance of power throughout the solar system. 

"Yes, I do," he sighed. "Take a right down that alley here," Robin ordered. Tara turned off the main street and walked down a dark alley between two stores decorated in pink and purple. The weapons they had found had been sold to Martian terrorists and were supposed to be delivered to Mars at this address. Tara and her crew all knew they had to stop these ruthless terrorists who could wreck havoc across the solar system with such deadly armaments. 

"Golly gee! I'll be ok, Robin! Don't worry!" Tara wanted to sound more confident than she felt. She believed her idea was good, but she knew it was dangerous and risky. But they all agreed it would have been suicide for them to attempt an attack on this warehouse filled with unknown thugs and deadly weapons without gathering information. They needed to know the layout of the building, the number of thugs protecting the arms, and the type of weaponry they possessed. This meant that they needed to gain access inside the building and take pictures without arousing suspicion. 

"This is a crazy idea, Tara, and I still don't like it!" Robin protested, but he knew Tara's plan was the best idea they had. Tara held onto her long cloak tightly as she walked up to a shadowy door on the far end of the trash-filled alley. She paused in front of the door and held her breath for a few seconds to quiet her nerves.

"Here goes nothing," she whispered to her friends, and then knocked a few times on the dingy metal door. Tara waited for what felt like several minutes. Just when she thought that maybe they had gotten the wrong address, the door opened. A large Martian stood in front her, a seven feet tall humanoid with green skin was glaring at Tara. "Who are you?" he asked in a gravelly voice.

Tara swallowed hard and said, "Hello! I am a sex dancer, and I heard there was a group of strong, manly Martians here that might let me dance for them. I could sure use the money!" She smiled awkwardly at him.

The Martian looked at her suspiciously, "Take off your cloak and let me see." This is the moment that Tara was most nervous about, but she knew once she got past this point, she would be ok. She put her arms behind her and let her cloak slip off her body down into her hands. 

Tara was wearing a pair of miniature two-inch pasties coated with small colored bits of fake jewels that barely covered the nipples on her enormous breasts. She also wore a tiny bejeweled pasty over her crotch that tapered into an ornate curl, all of which barely kept her womanhood from being exposed. Her skin was covered with a thin layer of lotion with lumino-glitter that made near-microscopic points of different colored light appear sporadically all over her moist, glistening body. Her eyes, smothered with mascara and green-glitter eye-shadow, were peeking over the translucent cloth that stretched across her face, obscuring her nose, cheeks, and chin. Her blond hair fell over her shoulders and onto her back. Other than her earrings and small sandals, she wore nothing else. Tara had never been ashamed to show off her body, but she wasn't used to having so much of it exposed, especially to some Martian thug in a dark alley at night.

She saw the Martian look admiringly at her body, hoping that he did not notice her heart beating faster and faster. "You are quite lovely. For an Earthling." She gritted her teeth and smiled as he leaned over her staring at her body. He leaned in so close that she could smell his rancid breath, and she turned her head to one side in order to avoid the stench. She didn't even flinch when some spittle dripped out of his mouth and landed on her breasts and slithered into her cleavage and down her stomach.

"Tara, if you can hear me, the cameras are working great." Robin was whispering into her earrings, informing her that the micro-wafer video cameras Milo had placed into Tara's nipple pasties were operational and sending information continuously to her friends. "We'll keep monitoring. We'll be there if this ugly numbskull tries anything!" 

She flashed a smile, "Thank you very much!" Never before had she appreciated having such good friends willing to watch out for her.

The Martian stood back up, satisfied with what he saw, "Come on in! Step inside!!" Tara smiled at him once more and then walked through the door into total darkness. She saw some light peeking through some curtains, and she stepped through. 

She entered into a cavernous room filled with several dozen Martians. At the far end of the room sat crates and boxes of weaponry, some of which were being unloaded from a nearby spaceship. Immediately in front of her, a dozen Martians were sitting around a table swapping papers and arguing about something.

Tara jutted her huge chest out a little bit and subtly turned her torso to scan the entire room. She whispered to her comrades, "Jeepers! Can you guys see this? It looks like they have enough weapons to destroy the entire quadrant!" She listened for an answer, but all she heard was static. Milo warned her that the audio might cut in and out based on the amount of machinery that could potentially interfere with reception. The transmitters in her pasties, however, were set to record everything and send out data at a much higher frequency that would be extremely difficult to block.

All of a sudden, the entire room stopped and turned to look at her. Even the workers at the far end of the room turned off their machines and stared at Tara. The abrupt silence made her uncomfortable as she felt all those eyes staring at her almost naked body. She shifted her weight to one leg and smiled, lifting one of her hands and waving feebly and said "Uh... hi!"

The Martian from the door approached her from behind and bellowed out, "Everyone! Gather around! A dancer has come to entertain us!!" With that, every Martian face transformed into a leering smile and they all approached the front of the room.

Tara wasn't exactly sure what to do, so she started twisting her torso slowly and seductively, making her breasts sway back and forth. "Yes, let me... entertain you!" She emphasized those last words with the best low, sultry voice she could muster. She put her arms over her head and closed her eyes. She recalled some soft jazz she heard on Earth, and she leisurely rotated her hips and undulated her body to the rhythm in her head. 

She turned around so her completely naked backside was facing the room, inviting every Martian to get a good look at her gorgeous form. As she kept gyrating her pelvis alluringly, she could feel every man in the room admiring the shape of her buttocks, the roundness of her hips, and her smooth, moist skin glittering with light. 

"If you like what you see, I hope you'll give me a good tip at the end!" and gave a cutesy giggle she hoped they would find endearing. From behind the cloth covering her face, she smiled. She could feel the growing desire of all these men, and that was giving her growing confidence in her dancing.

So far, the plan was working beautifully. Her dancing provided the perfect distraction as the cameras in her pasties fed key information to her colleagues. Once her comrades could see how many people were in the building and where they were located, her fellow space pirates and a large contingent of Haneesh's Brotherhood of Space soldiers would storm the building, secure the weapons, and get her out. The risk was that if something went wrong, she would have to find her own way out of the warehouse. With dozens of Martians entranced with her every movement that would be quite a trick.

Tara continued thrusting her pelvis as she heard intermittent static and voices come in through her earpiece, "Tara...ssszzooo... need... zzzt... get... pkkksss.... kkztreer..." She couldn't hear what they were saying, but it sounded like they needed her to get better pictures of the interior. She knew she had to go deeper into the facility in order to get better pictures for her team.  

Tara turned around and faced the room again and could see every male following the motion of her hips. She started walking across the room, looking for a good place to dance and take close up pictures of the crates of weaponry. "I wasn't expecting to see so many good looking fellows here!" and she gave a high pitch laugh as she took a few steps forward. When she walked alongside a Martian sitting at the table, he reached out and touched her stomach. She smiled sweetly as she felt his dry, scaly fingers rub across her. 

Another Martian standing behind her reached around her and grabbed one of her sensitive breasts and squeezed hard. She winced inside, but smiled enticingly as she squealed "No no no, you bad boys!" She mockingly shook her finger at him as she slowly removed his hand. 

She kept walking through the crowd, another Martian sitting at the table reached out and grabbed her buttocks and pulled her down on top of him. She was sitting in his lap and could feel how aroused he was. She tried to stand up, but he held on tightly to her legs. 

Before she could move, another Martian leaned into her and shoved his head into her chest. He growled and began rubbing his face between her large, soft breasts that were warm and moist with sweat. She could feel her erect nipples straining against her pasties and her pussy moistening, and she was surprised how aroused she was becoming. She continued to hear more irregular static in her ear, "ptts... ttrrrzzz... rrmmzzz..." but she couldn't understand what they were saying. 

Tara said teasingly, "Gee whiz, you chaps sure are eager, aren't you!" She spun around and stood up, looking at them with a sultry gaze in her eyes. She smiled at everyone from behind her semi-transparent cloth on her face and continued walking across the room. "But you have to wait until after my dance is over!" 

She managed to take a few more steps and was standing at the far end of the table when another Martian grabbed her hair and pulled her into his body. His other hand grabbed her inner thigh tightly and was moving his hand higher and higher. She tried to sound cheerful, "Whoa, easy now, big guy!" but she was nervous now. Each Martian was at least twice as strong as she was, and she didn't know how to fight off one of them, let alone a full room.

More and more Martians became restless and soon she felt hands all over her body. Fingers were grabbing her legs and buttocks and stomach and breasts, digging into her soft, glistening skin. More useless static erupted in her ear, "vvvzzz... rrrt.. zzzzkk..." 

She couldn't tell how many Martians surrounded her now, or even exactly how many hands were probing her virtually naked body. The increasing dampness in her loins made her even more frantic to find a way out. "Holy mackerel," she thought to herself, "if I don't act fast, this could get out of hand quickly!"

Amidst the crowd, Tara saw the corner of the table. She managed to push her way through their muscular bodies and leapt on to the table. She backed away from the hands that were reaching out towards her, frantically trying to seize her. "No need to grab, you guys! There is plenty of me to go around! She smiled and rolled her hips around several times, "But if you let me do my dance, I promise it'll be worth it!!" The entranced looks in their faces let her know that she had managed to distract them all for the moment. 

She saw a tall stack of boxes labeled "shipping supplies" several yards away. Instinctively she jumped into the air and dove into the crowd of adoring Martian soldiers. Tara put her hands on the shoulders of one Martian and flipped her body over, continuing to fly through the air, and managed to land safely on the stack of boxes. 

The Martians roared in appreciation as she playfully fondled her luscious breasts towards the crowd. "If you boys behave, I promise I've got something special for you!" and she giggled again, but a little more nervously than before. The cloth still obscured the bottom half of her face, but she nevertheless smiled at them all and tantalized them with her eyes.

From the top of the boxes, she had a much better view of the room and she turned around, continuing to move her hands over her breasts, damp with sweat and lotion. She turned her torso to scan the entire room, always being careful not to cover the cameras in the pasties so that the team could get as much information as possible. She heard more static in her ear, but the voices were becoming clearer now, "zztt... Tara, can you... kkkear us now... vvzzz..." 

Tara spread her legs apart, leaned forward, and shook her buttocks at the throng of admiring Martians and moaned, "Ooooh yeeeah, I'm so glad you're here!" She was so grateful to finally hear from her team. Tara didn't know how much longer she could fend off a horde of excited Martians, and she desperately wanted to hear their plan so she could position herself properly when the attack began.

"Tara, you need... kkzzz... get out of there! Our signalzzz... kkkrr..  been jammed from the moment you entered...zzzt... building. We haven't gotten any pikkkturezzz... vvvrrz...Milo thinkkkzzz someone is uzzzing zzzt.. signal to try vvkkk... triangulate our position here... kkkrr... means they're onto youtttkk... rrvvt... GET OUT... kkkk... RIGHT NOW!!"

Tara had kept dancing throughout the message and as she slowly turned around and looked at the dozens and dozens of aroused Martians trying to claw at her vulnerable flesh. She swallowed hard and tried to stifle the panic that was building inside her. In her ear she heard,"Tara... kkkknn you hea..." and then nothing but static.

One of the Martians managed to grab her ankle and she lost her balance. She fell into a mass of Martian bodies that immediately began reaching for her body. She tried to move her arms, but they were being held behind her and she felt several tongues slide against her skin. "Holy Toledo, fellows! Take it easy!!" There were at least two tongues on each of her legs and several on her helpless body, but she thought the tongues drooling on each of her bosoms were the most disgusting of all. Thank goodness the pasties were still protecting her erect nipples from being sucked and licked.

Suddenly she heard the sound of gunfire and explosions in here ear, "Tara, they... kkkt... found us, we're goingzzz to fight our way out... kkkk... will find you... zzzzrrrttt... NNOOOO!!..." and then a loud explosion erupted in her earpiece followed by total silence, not even static. 

She tried not to cry, hoping that her friends were still alive. She felt scaly fingers digging into her flesh so hard that she wanted to scream, but the hand around her mouth prevented any sound from escaping.

By now, more hands were grabbing at her. She felt the slimy tongues sliding around her breasts while eager hands reached in and squeezed her tender bosom so painfully that she let out a squeal. There was a mix of licking tongues and hands moving all over her legs and around her crotch. She felt more hands grabbing her buttocks and men were pressing their fingers, at least she hoped that's what they were, into her sensitive regions. She wasn't sure, but she thought she felt some drops of moisture from her pussy trickle down her leg.

Tara was afraid that someone would manage to take off her pasties and she tried to cover herself with her arms. Unfortunately, her arms and legs were being held in place by these powerful thugs so she was unable to stop anyone from doing what they wanted with her body, increasingly damp with perspiration.

Just then, she heard a woman's voice shout, "Get back to work! Now!!" Immediately every Martian let go of Tara, and she was dropped to the ground. She heard the scuffling of feet as the crowd of Martians dissipated.

"Golly gee, thanks!" Tara gasped. She heard footsteps approach her, but was too tired to lift her head. "I thought I was a goner for sure!"

While still lying on the floor, she felt her arms get pulled behind her body. The awful metallic click of handcuffs being put on her wrists filled her with a rush of fear. 

Powerful hands grabbed her shoulders and lifted her to her feet. With her hands shackled behind her, she was completely helpless. She now saw two muscular Martian guards holding her up and a Martian woman with long, white hair walking up to her. 

One of the thugs holding Tara spoke to the Martian woman, "What do you want us to do with this female spy, Ylla?" Tara's blood grew cold when she recognized the name of the woman approaching her. 

"I wish to examine her. I have not seen an Earth female up close." Tara had heard about how Ylla and her mate Gurtil, the commander of the Martian fleet, had almost launched an attack to conquer Earth. Even though the quick thinking of John Hunter had managed to stop the invasion, everyone on Mars knew what a cunning and dangerous woman Ylla was. With the translucent cloth covering Tara's face, Tara didn't think anyone knew who she was.

Ylla reached out with her green hands and began kneading Tara's immense breasts, glistening with perspiration and oil. Ylla viciously buried her claw-like fingernails into those soft mounds of exposed flesh. "I find your Earth mammaries quite remarkable." Tara closed her eyes in humiliation and tried to ignore the nausea she now felt. 

Tara was surprised when Ylla leaned over and stuck her tongue out. For what felt like several minutes, Ylla's slimy tongue glided over every inch of Tara's exposed bosom. When Ylla had finished licking her entire chest, Ylla wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "Quite tasty, I can see why our Martian males would find your pale breasts appealing!" 

Ylla then grabbed the pasties on Tara's chest and ripped them off of her nipples. Ylla held the pasties up to her face and admired them, "So this is the source of the transmissions, eh? Impressive!" 
