 It took them a few hours before they started on their journey. An overgrown path took them into the more densely forested hills where the trees were much taller. Leafy branches far above them obscured the sunlight for long stretches while four men hacked at brush to uncover the way.

Tannah looked at her sword, sheathed on the back of their mule. They'd left their horses in the village in favor of the slower but stouter creature, and were all on foot now making their way up the winding path.

Tannah looked at Balter who was still making lusty eyes at her in her new outfit. She had packed away her leathers in favor of a thin fabric top that barely covered her breasts, and a short skirt that hung in front of her groin and butt, but left her thighs exposed.

"I can't believe you're making me wear this on the road," Tannah grumbled at Balter as he slapped her butt playfully and gave it a good squeeze.

"Again," he said, over the slashing noises the four men were making, "it was their idea, not mine."

One of them peered back at Tannah as his companions chopped at shrub. He narrowed his eyes and gestured to Balter as they all stepped slowly up the forested path. Balter reached across and lifted Tannah's skirt exposing her naked pussy to the man. He grinned and took a long look, then said something in his native tongue as he turned and went back to work.

"He says he hasn't fucked a cunt that good looking since his wife gave birth," Balter chuckled. "He can't wait."

"Neither can I," Tannah said sarcastically, knowing she would have to spread her legs and moan for each of the four men before the day was over.

"I must admit," Balter began as he walked slowly beside her, "seeing you in that is making me want you already. If we weren't so pressed to reach our destination in as few nights as possible I'd have you down in the brush squealing my name."

Tannah glanced at him and then back at the four guides leading them up the path, her skirt swaying while she moved, showing just the barest glimpse of her shaved groin each time she stepped over a root or rock.

"At least I don't have to sit in a saddle like this," she thought as she watched the group of sweaty men swing their blades and toss severed branches off to the side. She was already dreading having them pressed against her, coating her in their filth as they thrust their unwashed cocks into her mouth and pussy.

Then, suddenly there was a noise from somewhere in the canopy. Everyone stopped moving at once, their gazes going up to the tree tops.

"Zaggural!" one of the men shouted as a massive feline creature with a shifting prismatic fur pattern and a long whip-like tail fell from above, one of it's front paws pinning a man to the ground while it landed.

Dirt and leaves kicked up in a blinding cloud around them, and Tannah could hear their pony bleating in distress. The men shouted curses at the creature, their friend wailing as its claws pierced his body.

Without thinking Tannah darted toward the pack mule that was already scampering away from the huge cat as it batted at the two men brandishing their blades. In her peripheral Tannah saw the long tail uncoil itself from a tree trunk above and begin flailing about.

She dropped flat against the ground as it came whistling through the air, crashing through the brush and shattering tree stalks. The tree in front of her seemed to explode into wooden fragments as the powerful appendage cut through its base.

Tannah pushed herself up and ran toward the pony, broken trees falling all around the growling monster. She heard one of the men scream in surprise and pain. She reached for her bow, unclasped it and drew five arrows out of her quiver with great dexterity and turned around.

Only two men remained facing the creature now, their brush swords glinting in the dim sunlight as they waved them to fend off swipes of the Zaggural's giant claws.

Tannah took aim, knocked an arrow and loosed it.

In almost the same moment the Zaggural shrieked in anger, recoiling violently as the bolt embedded itself in its right eye. A dry cloud of leaves and dirt rose around it as it turned and bounded into the forest, whipping its humongous tail about in a fury.

Tannah snatched the other four arrows and followed the creature, hopping over roots and through the obscuring debris kicked up in its flight. She stepped over the mangled body of one of the guides, briefly noticing his vacant stare, and the blood running from the corner of his mouth as she darted and weaved between collapsed trees.

"Not yet, I'm not done with you beast," Tannah thought to herself as she pursued the huge animal. It was injured and would likely leave them alone so long as they left it to devour its kills, but Tannah didn't like leaving enemies behind who could harm her later. "One eye per head, that's what it costs to eat my men you asshole!"

Finally she found a clear path through the trees and could see the monstrous cat in the distance, pawing at the shaft stuck in its eye, and licking its bloodied paw.

She set four arrows in the dirt beside her foot. Swiftly and quietly she took aim with her bow, taking a deep breath as she pulled the string back. Its ears perked up just as Tannah let the arrow fly. It flinched at the sound of the missile sailing through the trees, causing her shot to miss its head completely.

Its fur rippled and changed colors making it almost invisible. Then it roared. Tannah saw movement in her direction but its shape was hard to tell apart from the plant life along the side of the mountain. Nevertheless she knocked another arrow, aimed and loosed it.

She heard the creature growl as the bow struck meat and bone, but it didn't stop the hulking cat from clawing its way up toward her. She watched it overturn the soil with each powerful beat of its paws. Patches of wet dirt burst upward along the ground closer and closer to where Tannah was standing.

Tannah took another deep breath, she drew back the bow string, aimed, and loosed. The creature howled. Its fur erupted in colorful waves as it staggered and hopped backwards, its other eye pierced, blood running down its face. It batted fitfully at the arrows protruding from between its clenched eyelids, making the earth shake as it hopped up and down emitting guttural cries.

It bounded about in a circle before turning and leaping up a thick tree stalk, embedding its claws in the wood, then launching itself into the canopy. She watched it hide in the greenery while she stood below the swaying branches with her one remaining arrow at the ready.

Confident, Tannah turned and made her way back to the where they had been attacked. She saw the remaining guides standing over the bodies of their friends, one of them crushed and punctured, the other disemboweled, his intestines arranged in a pile beside him.

"Won't get to try my cunt after all will you. Poor bastard," Tannah said quietly to herself. 

Tannah glanced around, wondering where Balter had gotten to, and finally noticed him emerging from the bushes. She chuckled at his cowardice.

The two men watched Balter with sneers of disapproval. One of them spat into the dirt, the other said something in his native tongue. Tannah could tell it was a curse.

"Ayn zehk khakka un brossis," Balter said in answer. Both men erupted in a string of chastising retorts, none of which Tannah could understand. They paced around the dead men, taking turns shouting argumentatively at Balter while Tannah stood beside the pack-mule listening to the back-and-forth.

Once Tannah was done securing her bow to the saddle she turned and walked toward the two who were facing Balter with hands on their hips, glaring accusation.

"They are shocked at the death of their friends," she thought. "Likely they are blaming it on Balter and threatening to quit the journey. They need to be soothed before their hot tempers win over their judgment." Knowing it was time to put her other talents to use she approached the twenty-year old looking man and put her hands on his belt, looking him in the eyes as she unbuckled it.

"Balter," Tannah said, seeing the lean young man's eyes follow her as she went down on her knees before him, "kindly get out the bedrolls so I can pleasure these men." She pulled his pants down and heard him gasp as his cock bounced free, becoming gradually more erect as she stared at it. It was long, perhaps eight to nine inches.

Tannah looked up at him and smiled, feigning delight, she knew her pussy wasn't deep enough for him.

"He's going to hurt," she thought as she wrapped her fingers around his shaft and stroked it, smelling strong manly odors come off of his groin as he grew firm against her palm. "Maybe I can suck his seed out of him before he decides to put it in me."

"Messah loe dret danna fahr," the other man chuckled as Tannah touched her lips to the head of the young man's penis. All three men laughed and Tannah blushed as her mouth slid down his member.

"Nngghh!" Tannah gagged as the head of his cock touched the back of her throat, she was only three-fourths of the way up his length and he wasn't even fully aroused.

"Damn," she thought, her mouth watering around his manhood as she looked up at him, seeing his grin widen as his erection choked her. She drew back, her lips moving down his shaft until she held only his bulbous tip in her mouth. Tannah sucked its head, already tasting his precum.

"Anyatta loe oddren daht," Balter said as he unrolled a bed mat for Tannah and the young man, glancing briefly in her direction as her hand moved along his member covering it with her spit. She started bobbing her head slowly and heard him gasp as the underside of his cock slid across her tongue.

"Bayatta haya maa. Deutas mit danna fahr!" the other guide responded while the young man touched Tannah's face and watched her take as much of him between her lips as she could.

"Ghhkk ghhk ghhk," Tannah gagged. She could feel his head broaden as she sucked him, and his arousal was flowing abundantly, sticking to the insides of her cheeks and making her spit thick and viscous.

"Moyah vorha bol," the young man said breathily before backing away from Tannah, his cock slimy with her drool as he withdrew it.

She looked at Balter, wiping her mouth and frowning when he didn't translate immediately.

"He wants your cunt," Balter said finally. Tannah looked at the young man and smiled, still afraid to take his long penis into herself. She stood up and took him by the hand, leading him to the soft furs where she laid down and spread her legs before him. 

She watched him sit between her knees and lift his shirt over his head, his manhood swaying above her lap, fully erect, glistening with spit and precum, its size daunting. Tannah unclasped the front of her top exposing her breasts while he lifted her skirt and peeked at her womanhood.

Tannah looked at Balter again and saw him look away as the young man held Tannah's legs up, pressing the fat head of his erection against her sex.

"Ohh, careful," Tannah gasped, reaching between her legs and spreading her labia with two fingers. She felt him slide into her, staring down at her crotch with her mouth open and a concerned expression as he pushed it deep in her vagina. "Ahh!" she cried out in pain as his cock hit her cervix. He drew it back and thrust it into her again as far as it would go, making Tannah wince in agony.

"Ooohh, ahhh ahhhh, ahh fuck. Balter, could you tell him to be gentle?!" she moaned, putting a hand against his stomach to keep him from driving it too deep too suddenly. "Ohh you're big ... ohh my pussy!" she sighed as he loomed over her, thrusting, his hands around her ankles and his eyes on her naked tits. 

She saw Balter retrieve his wine skin from his coat and take a swig before looking away.

"Balter ... ahhh, you son of a bitch!" Tannah cursed, clawing at the dirt and pressing against the young man's stomach with her open palm as he fucked her. "Ahhh! ... ohh gods!" she groaned, shivering in agony each time his cock slid too deep.

"Danna syuta bol fittor foi," the other guide said while his companion pumped his hips and sweated between Tannah's thighs. The lean man grinned at his friend and then looked down at Tannah again, holding her feet in the air and thrusting, ignoring her squeals of protest.

"Fuck!" Tannah complained, blushing as his long member slid up her cunt, her tits shaking and her toes curling as she took him. Tannah watched the young guide's abdominal muscles tighten with each push and she moaned through clenched teeth while her pussy parted around him.

She watched beads of sweat roll down his face while he enjoyed himself between her legs and then after some minutes of suffering she saw his brow begin to twitch.

"Oh thank the gods it's almost over," she thought, biting her lip and sighing as she laid on her back, waiting anxiously for him to finish.

"Ahhnn nnnaahh nyaahh!" he groaned. She felt his cock slip out of her, launching a thick glob of cum onto her chest from between her thighs. She lifted her head and flinched as she caught the second squirt of his orgasm in her eye.

"Ahh ahhhyahh, hosah lut danna fahr," he moaned as he came, spraying hot droplets of seed across Tannah's breasts and stomach.

"Hosah ah lut danna fahr," the older guide spat as his friend ejaculated on her, hot gobs of liquidy goo landing between Tannah's bare tits and rolling across her ribs. She looked at the two of them with one eye closed feeling his stuff drip across her womanhood as the flow of his climax slowed to a trickle.

Tannah looked at his penis again, she saw his balls spasm as the steady stream of cum ran down the underside of his erection.

"He came a lot," she said, sitting up and putting her mouth around his cock again, tasting his orgasm as she tongued and sucked his tip.

"It was his first time," Balter said, watching her lips move down the young man's shaft, her face and breasts wet with his seed.

Tannah glanced up at the young man's friend, licking and stroking his long penis, feeling him soften despite her touches. She put a hand between her legs and felt around her opening before pushing her fingers into herself, spreading her minora to show off the pink flesh inside as she drew them back across her sex.

Finally the lean man stood up and backed away, leaving Tannah with her legs apart, masturbating slowly, her tits and mouth dripping with cum. She watched the other guide expectantly, her fingers sliding in and out, her palm slimy as she spread her pussy in a display of readiness.

"Balter," Tannah said, studying the older man with a sultry expression, prepared to do whatever he asked of her. "Would you mind asking him how he'd like to have me? Make sure he knows that I can clean myself up first if he would prefer," Tannah said, licking cum from her bottom lip and swallowing back a mouthful of salty saliva.

Balter said some words, not even turning to look at the stocky man who was patiently staring at Tannah's cunt. He answered shortly, his voice a monotone, speaking words she didn't know. There was a long pause and for a few seconds all that could be heard was the clink of metal as the younger guide pulled his belt through the metal hoop and tightened his pants around his waist.

"Danna fahr," the older man chuckled, turning away from Tannah and going to untie the mule.

"He says he would prefer to fuck you someplace that reeks less of death," Balter said. "He also says he'll need a little time. He will have to explain to the men back home how a foreign slut saved his life today." Tannah looked at the pack mule, seeing the two men tend to the animal.

Tannah looked back at Balter, her labia parted around two fingers as she pushed them in up to her knuckle.

"What about you?" she asked, feeling her womanhood moisten around her digits. "My cunt is nice and wide after that, I'll bet it will feel great around your cock." Balter stood up and turned toward her finally, putting his flask back in his coat pocket.

"I'm going to need some time as well," he said, watching her spread her legs and finger herself. "You made me look like a fool." Tannah sat up, removing her hand from her crotch. Her expression changed from lustful to indifferent as she got to her feet and began rolling up the furs.

Tannah was used to being scorned for her skill in combat. A few months earlier she had tried out for a place among a posting of rangers and she hit the targets with her bow so accurately that their captain demanded a private meeting with her.

When they were alone he forced himself on her, as she suspected he would. She had gone along with it, allowing herself to be raped, but even after the man had climaxed he refused to give her a job. It was only later that she learned she had beaten his record.

"Foreign slut," Balter swore as he walked past her.

They set off again immediately. Tannah had to towel herself with a spare piece of cloth as they walked.

She hung behind Balter and the others and said nothing. She was irritated but glad that their conversation was jovial rather than mutinous. Even if they were discussing ways that they could shame Tannah in bed later at least she knew their journey was commencing as planned.

Tannah wiped her eyebrows and rubbed at her eye. She saw the young man look back at Tannah and grin lasciviously before speaking to the others.

"Did he enjoy having me?" Tannah called out as she dabbed at her breasts with the rag.

"Of course," Balter chuckled in answer.

"He's got all night to do things with me, whatever he wants, that was the deal," she said, biting her lip.

"He knows, he seems excited," Balter shouted back as they stepped between overgrown outcroppings of granite. "His friend on the other hand ..." Tannah frowned, stuffing her tits back into her top as she climbed up the path beside the mule.

"His friend what?" she asked. Tannah wasn't proud to be a woman of pleasure, but like any job she did she took some amount of pride in her ability.

"He thinks up close you look like the horse you rode in on," Balter answered back. Tannah narrowed her eyes, hearing the short man say something else without turning to look. "I don't think he cares much for girls with muscle on them," he said while the two men snickered.

"Well perhaps he should try saying that from between my legs," Tannah responded with challenge in her voice.

They walked for another hour, sparring verbally. When they stopped to take a quick break the tall, younger guide got close to Tannah again, his hands making it clear that he was ready for more fun.

Tannah giggled as he sat her on his knee and played with her body. Until just a few hours ago the young man had been a virgin and it showed in the way his fingers moved.

She watched his expression as he cupped her breast, his other hand going down between her thighs. She spread her legs wider as his fingers explored her cunt, eventually finding the opening between its folds.

Tannah gasped as a thin rough digit slid into her pussy. She caressed his chest, laughing playfully as he felt around inside of her. The other two men chewed strips of dried meat, occasionally watching while their lean friend groped Tannah and kissed her on the side of her neck.

Balter stared at the ground while the other, shorter, guide glanced at her and the younger man, his interest seeming to come and go. Then he said something in his native tongue. The young man removed his hand slowly from between her thighs, then pulled Tannah across his opposite knee and lifted the back of her skirt exposing her butt.

Tannah giggled, grinning at the boy as he squeezed and played with her ass.

"So it's my butt you want huh," Tannah said to the other man while the boy spanked her just hard enough to make it jiggle, his finger sliding down her butt crack, rubbing sensually across her asshole. Balter looked up and then turned to the man beside him, translating Tannah's words.
