 WARNING! GRAPHIC NON-CONSENSUAL SEX 

********** 

"Balter, you ...!" Tannah growled, trailing off in her frustration as the two men pushed her to her knees. The older man grabbed her by the hair and yanked her head back, turning her face toward him as she knelt between the two guides.  

"Ahnn!" she gasped sharply, her mouth hanging open, his cock less than an inch from her nose and almost fully erect. Tannah was used to being handled roughly by her customers. Nothing short of beating would stop some men from abusing her once she had their coin. 

Tannah stared up at the older man as he rubbed the wet tip of his erection against her face, her lips parted in readiness to start sucking as the younger one touched the head of his manhood to her cheek. The pungent scent of the old guide's penis filled her nostrils and Tannah remembered having him in her ass only a few hours ago. 

"Gods curse you Balter," she thought, looking at the temple entrance from the corner of her eye as the older man's sour tasting shaft slid into her mouth. 

Reluctantly Tannah reached up and gripped the younger guide's long member, feeling it bulge with arousal as she stroked him. She grimaced as the older man forced himself as deep as he could go, his balls pressing against her lips. 

"Mmmh," she hummed as he drew back and thrust deep, rocking his hips, his cock sliding across her tongue. He grinned cruelly down at Tannah as he drove it into the back of her throat over and over, watching her drool along his length. 

"Nnnnkk, ggnnk gghhk," Tannah croaked, her jaw straining as she stared up at the man fucking her mouth, thinking of all the ways she could repay Balter for this betrayal. 

Then the older man withdrew his member. Tannah stared up lustily as he held her by the hair, his manhood fully engorged, thick saliva dripping from its tip. She wrapped her fingers around the chubby man's wet erection and stroked it as he whipped her head around. 

"Ahh," she whimpered from the pull at her scalp, the other guide's long member slapping her in the face as she turned. The young man put his hand in her hair, smiling down at her as he thrust himself into her mouth. 

"Nnnngg nnngh," she gagged, his penis resting on her tongue as it pressed into her throat. He took her more gently than his older friend, holding her head steady while he pushed his cock between her lips, her eyes watering and her cheeks turning red as she gripped the base of his shaft and tasted his precum. 

Then as the younger man was shuddering in arousal, suddenly she was yanked backward. His manhood slipped out of her mouth, glistening wet, veins bulging along its length. 

"Nnnh ahhh," she complained as the older man turned her head around again and pulled her to her hands and knees facing him. "Hhnnggk," she gagged as he pushed his firm penis rudely between her tongue and palette and briskly began fucking her throat once more. 

Tannah blushed hotly from the abuse, feeling the older man's balls slap against her chin while the young man lifted the back of her skirt. The warm fat head of the boy's erection touched her pussy and he teased her opening with his tip while squeezing her naked ass. Tannah felt like a piece of meat between these two. 

"Oh gods, here it comes," she thought, her eyes shut, gagging quietly as the older man's balls beat against her face, arching her back in preparation to have his long member pushed all the way into her. 

"Nnnh," she squeaked with apprehension, feeling her cunt slide around his engorged tip. 

"Just as tight as I remember," the young man said as he gripped Tannah's butt and pushed himself slowly into her. Tannah let out a concerned sigh, surprised by his words, her lips and labia parted around their cocks. 

Tannah looked up at the older man feeling his penis throb inside her mouth. 

"Yeah, that's right, we speak your foreign tongue just fine slut," he said with a grin, watching her suck and moan as she took them both. "I'm sorry we deceived you in that way, but you see, your friend is an idiot." he grunted as Tannah swayed between them, getting fucked from both ends. 

Tannah felt his young friend move his hips from side to side, doing his best to stuff his long member into her cunt while she clung to the older guide and tried not to squirm. 

"Is that too deep?" he shuddered, pulling his cock out of her, her pussy gaping. "I only took you that way before because your kein hayat ... your um, owner?" He said the word as if unsure, then moved on. "He told me you were acting, but he is a liar, so now I ask." Tannah heard him spit and then felt the thick head of his erection against her opening again, sliding into her, filling her vagina. 

"Too bad she can't answer you," the other man said as Tannah's lips slid down his cock. They each chuckled and Tannah blushed even hotter. 

As the two men were thrusting into her she wondered if she should race into the cave after Balter to secure her portion of the treasure. After leaving her behind like this she had a mind to let him brave all of the traps and demons himself and then take what was owed when he emerged. 

The man she was sucking groaned pleasurably and she could taste his precum on her tongue. He pulled her against his naked lap, pressing his erection into the back of her throat and squishing her nose against his pubic bone. 

"Nnnnghh," she whined, looking up at him, her mouth around his manhood, seeing him grin as his friend held her hips and fucked her, forcing his length as deep as it would go even while Tannah groaned in protest. 

She recalled the encounter with the Zaggural and how upset they had gotten after being rescued by a woman. These men would never permit her to enter the temple, she realized, drooling down his balls as the head of his cock bulged in her throat. 

"Nnnnkhh!" she coughed, raising her head and gasping as he released her. She looked down at the man's wet erection, thick spittle dangling from her chin. "Ahhh!" she cried out as the man behind her pushed his penis too deep. "Careful!" she squealed, blushing, angling her hips inward to keep him from thrusting any further. 

"S-sorry," he said as the older man gripped Tannah by the hair and pressed his cock against her face, smearing the mixture of spit and precum across her cheek as he stared down at her with a mocking grin on his face. 

"Ahhh, ahhhh!" she moaned as the young guide slid into her pussy. "Much better, ohh, yes fuck me like that," she cooed. She felt his penis pulse with arousal each time it filled her womanhood. "Oooh yes, that actually feels kind of good," she shuddered, as the older man held her by the scalp and rubbed his hard, slimy member against her lips. 

Tannah opened her mouth, licking and sucking the underside of his shaft, breathing in his smell as she put her hand on it, stroking it, tasting the arousal that trickled from its tip. She surrounded the head of his penis with her mouth again and hummed as she pleasured him. 

"We normally only speak the old language to each other," he said as Tannah's lips slid down his cock. "But your friend's speech is amusing to us. It isn't the first time he has made a fool of himself," he told her, his fingers in her hair holding her close to his lap as she sucked him. 

The younger one laughed again, holding Tannah by the waist, pushing his long firm manhood more cautiously into her cunt. The older guide chuckled with him as Tannah hummed and slurped along his erection, feeling the lean youth touch her asshole with his thumb while he fucked her. 

"I'm about to cum in your mouth, better not let my seed spill in the dirt you muscly bitch," the older guide said. With nothing else to hold onto Tannah gripped the shorter man's pelvis while the two of them rocked their hips in tandem, two hands in her hair tugging at her scalp and two on her ass. 

"Hhkk ghhhkk," Tannah choked, her face pressed into the older man's hairy groin. She felt a glob of spit land on her butt and roll down between her cheeks, eventually coming to rest on the lean young man's stiffened shaft, lubricating his cock as it slid into her. 

The young man rubbed her wet butthole while thrusting into her cunt, then Tannah gasped, feeling her tight opening slip around his knuckle. She took deep breaths as he fingered her asshole, her nostrils flaring, filled with the stench of thigh sweat. 

"I'm impressed, you suck even better than the boy's mother," the short man grunted, holding Tannah by the hair as he fucked her mouth. His naked lap beat ruthlessly against her face each time he shoved his member down her throat, his wrists moist against her ears. Tannah shut her eyes and waited for it to be over. 

"Ahhyah ahh," the older one groaned, yanking Tannah's hair hard each time his balls smacked against her lips, his cock throbbing with arousal as it slid across her tongue. She tasted salty goo around his length as he thrust it deep, and she could feel his warm load squirting from his tip when he drew it back. 

"Ahh, yes, eat my cum you fucking slut," he growled, pulling her against his crotch and holding her there, her jaw wide around his throbbing girth, her tits swinging gently beneath her. 

"Nnngghk," Tannah choked, tasting the older man's groin sweat. She opened her eyes and stared at the hairy base of his manhood, gasping through her nose as he ejaculated. Tannah breathed in the smell of his crotch and listened to his grunts of pleasure, his seed surrounding his engorged penis and trickling from the corner of her mouth. 

He backed away from Tannah, his cock slipping from between her lips as he released her. She toppled forward, her hands sliding off of his thighs and landing on the ground. She looked up at the man, slurping to contain his cum, swaying on hands and knees as his young friend took her from behind. 

"Every woman loves the taste of a man's seed," the older man said, his manhood still dripping, her drool dangling from his balls. "Remember that boy," he said as Tannah held the warm egg-like substance in her mouth, sighing through her nose as her pussy slid down the young man's shaft. 

The older guide grinned, watching her sway forward and back as she took his length, her tits swinging, still cradled in her bra. 

"You may go ahead and swallow it, whore," he said, sitting down by the fire while Tannah grunted through a mouthful of his cum. She gulped back the watery load, feeling it cling to her tongue. 

Tannah licked her lips and moaned on her hands and knees, her feet apart, feeling the younger guide's firm penis slide in just deep enough with every thrust. She felt her skin tingle and her nipples stiffen as he fucked her, his cock filling her vagina perfectly, his thumb pushed all the way up her ass. 

"Ahhh, oooh yeah, you're getting pretty good at this," she sighed as he held her by the waist and pumped his hips. Now that he wasn't hurting her Tannah was beginning to enjoy the way their sexes interlocked, with her cunt sliding just over the girthy center of his shaft, filling her womanhood completely before he drew it back. 

"Is that true?" he asked, sounding excited. 

"Ohh yes," Tannah confirmed, her response half an answer to his question and half an answer to his member sliding deeply into her. She blushed, feeling her pussy moisten around his fully erect penis. 

"Would you like to be my lover when all this is done?" he asked, leaning forward and caressing her bare back. Tannah giggled, noticing how stiff her clitoris was. She was almost as hard as he was she realized as he pushed his cock into her, its shaft bulging as her wet cunt surrounded it. 

"I'll think about it," she said, biting her lip, her cheeks hot as she peered over her shoulder at him. He smirked, his face and chest sweating as he enjoyed her. Tannah felt his thumb slip out of her asshole, spreading moisture across her butt as he held her cheeks apart. 

"Very well, can I ask you another question?" he said, caressing Tannah's hips and gazing at her asshole while he fucked her cunt. 

"You may put it in my ass if you wish," Tannah answered. She was afraid of the pain, but she knew he would have her that way eventually. 

"Better to suffer now while my hole is still stretched," she thought, ready to get it over with. 

The boy chuckled. 

"It wasn't what I was going to ask," he said with a grin. Tannah smiled, a little bit thankful, feeling his manhood slide in and out of her, his shaft covered in her juices. 

"Ohhh ohhhh ... what then?" she asked, her nipples painfully firm against the fabric covering her breasts. 

"Do you truly like the taste of a man's seed?" he asked, making Tannah sigh with each thrust, tracing sweat across her ass and back with his fingers while he fucked her. "Or do you just do it to please us?" 

"Mmm," she hummed, grinning delightfully, her arms straight and her back arched as she took him. "I can't speak for all women, but I love eating a man's cum," she answered, her hair swaying about her shoulders, feeling his mushroom-like tip slide deep into her. 

"I didn't at first ... ahhh! My last lover fed me his seed every day ... hahhh! Ooooh," Tannah sighed, feeling a chill up her spine as she recalled her weeks with Fanazar. "Now the thought of a man's orgasm on my tongue makes my cunt and my mouth water," she said with a sly grin. 

"Will you cum in my mouth?" she asked curiously, wanting to relive that time in her head, still tasting the stuff she had just swallowed, its flavor sticking to the roof of her mouth. 

"Shouldn't I be requesting things of you?" he chuckled, squeezing and pinching her ass while he fucked her. 

"Fair enough," Tannah giggled, her laughter turning into a pleasure sigh as his firm shaft filled her pussy. 

"How's this then ... Hahh!" she moaned, the wetness of her arousal dripping across her clitoris as she took his cock. She wanted to touch herself but decided to let her juices keep flowing across his rock hard length. "Give me a mouthful of your cum ... ahhh, and I'll let you fuck me in the ass for free," she promised. 

"I'm going to remember that," he said, taking shuddering breaths as he spoke. Tannah smiled lustfully at him, her breasts sweating in her bra, her groin wet and her palms damp against the furs. She knew she might regret the offer later but Tannah was so horny she didn't care. 

"Oohh, nnnngh," he grunted, his cock pulsing in Tannah's cunt. "Nnngh ohhh, I can't wait to share you with my friends," he groaned as Tannah rocked forward and back, her toes curling inside her sandals, her pussy tight around his shaft, feeling it throb as he squirted his load into her. 

Tannah imagined for a moment what it might be like to be the boy's lover as he gripped her by the waist and came. She remembered how the girls in his community had been passed around by groups of men for pleasure while others watched. 

"I don't want to be his plaything but ..." Tannah thought as she angled her sex toward him, peering over her shoulder to watch him orgasm. 

"Ooohh yeah, fill me with your seed," she sighed as he held her with her skirt lifted, his cock thrust halfway up her cunt. She watched his face muscles tighten and listened to his grunts of release, her lips parted, her expression morphing into a satisfied grin as he ejaculated. 

"... I might fuck him tomorrow just for the fun of it," she decided. 

She gazed back at him, feeling his cum begin to spill along the underside of his shaft, his erection still throbbing gently between her labia. Finally he let go of her, hot goo pouring down the inside of her leg as he slid out. 

Tannah turned around as he sat down, panting, his manhood wet and shiny, still firm between his naked thighs. She glanced at the cave entrance and then back at the young man's long erect penis, feeling his seed drip from her pussy. 

"I could go in after the bastard now," Tannah thought, peeking over at the older guide who was sitting nude by the fire, poking at the embers in silence. She looked at the young man again, a sultry smile on her face as she stared at his large member. 

"You think he'll mind if I go retrieve my ..." she frowned, trying to think of the word they had used, "... my idiot friend?" Tannah said at last, leaning forward and wrapping her fingers around the young man's cock. He furrowed his brow, looking curious as Tannah kissed and licked the tip of his manhood. He glanced at the other man and then back at Tannah as she surrounded the head of his erection with her mouth, sucking it delicately to keep him aroused. 

"I'm unsure," he said, watching Tannah's lips slide down his shaft, his mouth gaping either from pleasure or because he was looking for words to answer her question. "I will ... I will mind," he said finally. Tannah's mouth slipped off the end of his penis. 

"How come?" she asked, her eyes narrowing as she stroked him slowly. 

"People who go in there don't return," he said. Tannah frowned. 

"Because of the demon?" she asked, her saliva thick and slimy, clinging to the roof of her mouth and tasting like sex. 

"Because of the demon," the older man confirmed, cutting his young friend off just as he was about to respond. Tannah looked at him. He sat completely still by the fire, his tone emotionless. "If you go in there it will devour your spirit, then your body. My nephew here is simply falling for his whore and doesn't want her to get eaten alive. That is why he minds," he explained. 

Tannah looked back at the young man's face, her fingers around his girth, smelling the cum that still covered his shaft and tasting it on her tongue. 

"Tell me more about this demon," Tannah said before taking the young man's cock into her mouth once again. 

"It is said to travel through the earth," he explained, inhaling sharply as Tannah's head bobbed. "Sometimes it takes people ... mmmh, usually after sundown," he sighed. Tannah tasted slimy precum ooze from the tip of his penis as she sucked. He put a hand on her face, his erection firm between her lips, the look in his eyes telling her that he was ready for another fuck. 

Tannah sat up, swishing spit, flavored with his seed across her tongue as she climbed over his lap. He placed his hands on her hips and tugged at the ties holding her skirt in place. The garment fell away and the young man tossed it aside, gazing at Tannah's bare sex as she lowered it onto the tip of his cock. 

"Does this mean I'm yours now?" Tannah asked, surprised by the gesture and remembering how Balter had claimed her the previous night by stealing her underwear. "Ahhh," she gasped, feeling her pussy spread around the head of his erection. 

"No," he said, untying her bra while her cunt slid down his shaft, the seed he had squirted into her earlier lubricating its length as she took him. "I just want to look at your body," he told her as her top slipped over her shoulders, exposing her breasts. 

"I thought whores had to wear those," Tannah said, massaging his neck while she rode him. "Am I still your whore or are you making me your girlfriend by revealing me?" she asked, hearing him sigh softly as her pussy slid down his length, his eyes fixed on her naked tits as they bounced and swayed freely. 

"You're a whore no matter what you wear," the older man said, standing up and stepping around the two of them, eyeing Tannah's bare body as he circled. He stood naked before her and stared at her chest as her labia parted around his nephew's girth. 

"The outfit doesn't mean anything," the young one explained, gazing at Tannah's shaved sex as she let it slide down his member, her mouth open wide and her cheeks pink, wincing a little when she took too much of him. "We thought it would look good on you. That idiot confused our word for pleasurable with what we say as, 'pious.' We only didn't correct him because we thought it was funny." 
