 WARNING! GRAPHIC NON-CONSENSUAL SEX

**********

Tannah listened to the labored sighs of guests and the moans of her neighbors from her small, candle-lit room in Ulessa's whore house. She bobbed her head and hummed, one hand around the base of her customers shaft, the other on his leather-clad thigh, barely giving the man any thought as she casually sucked his cock.

He petted her head and let out soft gasps of enjoyment as Tannah coated his manhood with her saliva, occasionally swallowing back the precum that clung to the inside of her mouth.

Giving pleasure this way was the cheapest favor offered by madame Ulessa's girls. It was almost Tannah's curse that she was so good at it.

"Mmm," she sighed, patiently stroking his slick erection, her lips around its head, letting her mind wander as she awaited the splash of his orgasm.

"How do you like eating my cum?" he asked, gently thrusting his hips as he stared down at Tannah's nude upper body.

She wore only a thin pair of ocean green panties and matching sandals while she worked, allowing any man who passed by the brothel to get a good look at her pink nipples and shapely tits.

She had to remove all of the hair from her groin with hot wax just so the tiny garment would cover everything. Her hairless cunt rubbing against her underwear while she swayed on her knees still felt weird to her, even though it had been months.

Dressing for the job was a sort of game among the girls. Most of them wanted to wear just enough to be seen, legally, in public, while others wanted to give their customers something to remove before they had their fun. Tannah liked not having anything on her upper half. Too many of her guys were only interested in her mouth and they often liked spilling their seed on her chest.

The man she was currently pleasing always made her swallow his stuff. He visited Ulessa's whore house every other week just so he could climax between Tannah's lips.

His arousal flowed thicker and slimier each time his cock slid across her tongue, it wouldn't be much longer, she realized.

"I've got a proposition for you," the man grunted. "Soon I'll have enough coin to ... hahh," he shuddered, gripping Tannah's bare shoulder as his erection bulged. "... what would you say if I told you I could buy your services for the next five years Tannah?"

"I'm on my way to retrieve a lost relic. I met a collector who will pay hundreds of gold pieces to have it," he said as his shaft slid between Tannah's lips, the stench of his groin filling her nose, his balls beating against her hand as she pleased him. "It's not even truly lost, folks in the area know rightly where it is and only need someone to go and get it," he laughed.

Tannah pondered the claim as her palm moved along his throbbing member, teasing the underside of it with her tongue as she tried to coax his seed out of him. It hadn't been Tannah's first choice to become a whore. She came to this province in the hopes of joining a company of mercenaries, but besides being a wife this part of the world had only one job for a woman and Tannah was doing it.

"I'll be richer than the governor of this town by my estimation," he grunted, the head of his penis hard and drooling as it rubbed against Tannah's palette. Then, at last, a warm stream of hot goo struck the inside of Tannah's cheek. Tannah hummed as his salty orgasm squirted from the tip of his member, pouring across her tongue and covering his shaft as it slid into her mouth.

Her hand pumped slowly, sensually, along the slimy base of his manhood as he came, her lips tight around its girth to contain his load. She looked up into his eyes as he caressed the side of her face, his cock throbbing and his seed flowing.

"How would you like to be my first concubine?" he asked with a sly grin. "I'll fuck more than just your mouth, I promise." Tannah felt her pussy become slightly moist as he said it.

When he was done ejaculating Tannah drew back, her lips slipping off the head of his penis with a wet pop. She swallowed his cum in one quick gulp and watched his pink erection slowly droop as she tongued the insides of her cheeks.

She stood up and reached for her cup of herbal mouth rinse as the man pulled up his pants and tucked away his half-erect member. Tannah swished the bitter liquid and spat it into a basin. Then, when she turned around to face him once more the curtains to her chamber were open. He had already gone.

She rushed to the hall and peered around the corner to find him.

"Hey!" she whispered loudly to get his attention. He paused, but didn't turn around. Then Tannah felt a hand on her butt cheek. The one article of clothing she wore was little more than a thong giving men plenty to grab at from behind. Tannah whipped around, swatting the hand away, but not before he'd given her ass a good squeeze.

"No touching until I've got your coin," Tannah warned. The crude man shoved a hand into his pocket and rummaged about, producing some gold. Tannah held the coins in her palm and looked at the ugly, grab-asser, knowing she was his for the next hour.

She led him in, thinking about the man in leather while she spread her legs and moaned. After he had spent his energy Tannah dismissed him and closed her curtains for the night.

About an hour later the women of Ulessa's house had a meeting in the madame's bed chamber to discuss the night's business and divide the take between the house and the girls. They spoke of new fetishes, clothing, and customers while Tannah distracted herself by sneaking peeks at one of the other women. She was a mid-twenty-year-old whore with a pretty nose, full lips and curly hair.

Tannah longed for the touch of a woman. She had considered paying the younger girl to lick her cunt a few times, but business between the women was frowned upon by Ulessa.

"Tannah," Ulessa said, snapping her out of a daydream. "You have a rather impressive moan, when your mouth isn't full." Some of the other girls sniggered at the madame's joke. "Would you like to do tonight's demonstration?" she asked, the catlike grin on her face telling Tannah that the question was rhetorical. "Show us all how you would fake an orgasm if a man asked you to cum."

Tannah looked around at the other women, each of them staring expectantly, some of them smiling, others biting their lips in anticipation.

"Very well," she agreed, climbing onto Ulessa's bed and spreading her legs. She sat upright at the edge of the mattress and pulled her panties to the side exposing her sex to all of them. "Well?" she said, looking around the room. "Who's going to be the man?" she asked, gazing deliberately at the young woman she had been fantasizing about.

She stepped forward, grinning nervously. One of the other girls handed her a polished phallus on a belt. She put her feet through the straps and pulled it up fastening it around her pelvis while Ulessa and the others watched. Tannah felt her pussy moisten as the slender woman approached the bed, looking down at Tannah's juicy womanhood, the strap-on cock protruding from her groin like a man at the height of stimulation.

"I'm already wet for you dear," Tannah said, her cheeks turning a little pink as the girl spat on the fake penis and pressed its round head against the opening of Tannah's cunt. "Ahhh," she sighed as the skinny woman rubbed the head of it between her labia, lubricating it with Tannah's arousal and her saliva.

"Mmm, finally," she sighed, reaching out and caressing the girl's cheek while she took Tannah by the knees and pushed the cold, firm, member into her. Tannah's mouth gaped as the smooth phallus slid into her vagina, her feet in the air, her toes splayed. She had masturbated many times to the woman who was now between her legs.

"Oooh," she moaned, staring at the girl's lips, yearning to feel them against her sex, feeling her juices coat the polished shaft as she stood before her thrusting her hips, driving it deeply into her.

"Ohhh, ohhh yes!" she cried out, gazing into the girl's eyes, aware of all the others watching, feeling her cheeks redden and knowing it would add to the demonstration. "Ohh wow, yes you're making me feel so good right now," she whimpered as the girl pushed her whole length into Tannah, each thrust strong enough to make Tannah's thighs shake despite the girl's wiry build.

"Ohhh, yes, I want it hard, fuck me hard!" she gasped, grabbing the woman's ass and squeezing it while she rocked her pelvis. Her clitoris was stiff and her juices were dripping down her butt-crack as her labia parted around the girl's cock. Tannah wanted to touch herself but she knew she needed to focus on the customer for the act to seem real. "Oh gods, I'm ... I'm going to ... you're going to make me ... ahhh!" she squealed, feeling the girl's butt muscles tighten with each push.

Tannah threw her head back, grabbing at the sheets with one hand and making her whole body quiver as if seized by intense pleasure.

"Ahhhh ahhhhh ahhhhhhhh!" she moaned loudly, arching her back and squirming violently, turning her head to look at Ulessa with a grimace of ecstasy and a blushing face. The woman smiled in satisfaction at Tannah's performance. Tannah looked up at the woman fucking her again, her lips parted. She stared into her eyes with an expression that read, "come visit me later and finish the job."

If she had understood Tannah's intentions in that moment then she clearly wasn't interested. She backed away from Tannah, pulling the phallus out of her cunt, and said nothing as she unclasped the strap-on cock. Ulessa dismissed the girls and everyone went about their evening as usual.

Disappointed, Tannah went to the tavern and drank away the hours.

Men looked at her, sitting at the bar. Tannah wondered if any of them would join her, pay for her ale and offer a story, or friendly company. Despite having sex for a living, all Tannah wanted at the end of a long day was a friend, and on occasion, a good honest fuck.

No-one approached her. It was a fairly large town, surrounded by smaller villages, and yet Tannah could swear she recognized each of their faces. She wasn't entirely sure which of them she'd had sex with and which of them she'd seen in other places, but they all knew she was a whore.

"Why bother making conversation when you can just pay to put your cock in my mouth for a few pleasurable minutes," she sighed to herself, "shoot your load on my tits and be done with me?" Then she perked up as she noticed someone wearing a familiar coat and trousers.

Tannah stood up and approached the leather clad man from earlier. It was a shot in the dark, but after that day Tannah was ready to try anything be free of this life.

"A moment of your time?" Tannah asked with a smile. The man grinned as he recognized her. "Did you mean what you said earlier? You know, while I was ..." Tannah bit her lower lip and glanced down at his groin.

The roguish, rough shaven man in leathers got close to her, putting one hand on her waist, the other on the side of her face, caressing her cheek with his thumb.

"You want to be my concubine?" he asked. Tannah put a hand on his chest and backed away as he leaned in for a kiss.

"I want some of the gold you spoke of," she answered with a smirk, looking him up and down. The men around them chuckled. The leather clad man grinned, seeming amused by Tannah's honesty.

"And, why exactly ..." he started to ask.

"I'll earn it," Tannah said, cutting him off. She snatched his hand and massaged it gently as she got close to him again. "With this," she said, putting it down her pants, letting out a minute gasp as his fingers touched her sex. She was still a little damp and felt her clitoris bulge as he rubbed between her labia.

She was so horny it was tempting to let him have her for the night, but she knew a more shrewd businesswoman would make him wait.

"Take me with you and my cunt is yours for the journey," she promised. Just then another hand touched her butt, pinching her ass cheek and then slapping it hard while Tannah pressed her lips to the leather clad man's face.

"To the hells with him," the man behind her said, "I'll take you there and pound your pussy till you can't pee straight." Tannah yanked the hand from inside her pants and whipped around. Her forearm struck the grab-asser's throat hard and he collapsed to the ground coughing while men around them groaned in sympathetic agony.

Tannah snarled at the man, daring him to get up. Then another man's fist took Tannah across the cheek. She stumbled sideways, seeing stars, but recovered from the blow quickly enough to catch his arm as he swung at her again.

"Rrrrah!" she growled, turning with his strike and hurling him face first into a chair, breaking it into pieces. Despite being a little drunk Tannah sensed the heavy footsteps of a third assailant on the wood floor behind her. She spun about just in time, ducking under his fist and simultaneously driving her own into her attacker's stomach. While he was recoiling from the hit Tannah's other fist landed squarely in the center of his face. His head shot backward from the force of her blow and he fell to his ass before her, dazed, blood pouring from his nostrils.

She looked around at the people watching, waiting for someone else to make a move. One man was limping out of the pile that remained of the broken chair, nursing a dislocated shoulder while another was doubled over gasping and clutching his neck. She saw her leather-clad friend frown at the scene.

He lifted his fingers to his nose and sniffed them as he watched the other men turn away from Tannah and help pick the injured men off the ground.

"I think you will make an excellent companion Tannah," he said, an intrigued smile on his face.

They worked out the details of the arrangement over beer. Afterward, Tannah went back to her room at Ulessa's whore house and packed up her things. She sat in the small room with her pack full of travel supplies and hoped to the gods that her new friend wasn't a complete liar. Anxious and still horny she laid back in her bed and fingered herself, humming a tune and pondering the road ahead with her pants pulled down around her thighs.

By midday the next day she was on the road with him, dressed in her leather travel gear with her curved blade sheathed at her side and her hunting bow on her back. Though they were far away from the brothel where they had first met she knew she would be his whore again the moment they stopped.

"You weren't lying when you said this place was remote, Balter," Tannah said as their mares moved uphill over a rough road that was barely wide enough for a single cart. "You sure you aren't taking me to some old cave where you can try to make me your wife?" Balter chuckled.

"There is a city out here," he explained. "Its stone spires are still taller than the trees. Its people are highly superstitious. They speak the old tongue of this region and rarely go abroad."

"Stone spires?" Tannah said under her breath, unsure how map-makers could have failed to mark a city with such grand architecture. When the city came into view however she understood.

Though the towering ruin was tall enough to be seen on approach, it was decrepit, overgrown.

While they rode through the town on their horses Tannah saw places that were almost completely uninhabited, and others that were densely peopled.

All together, the locals might make up about three normal sized villages in number. The ruined and crumbling buildings seemed to form communal centers for a few families, while others built shacks or found scant shelter in the wide streets around them. They made love to their wives in the open and slept on animal furs laid across patchy cobblestone.

"What was this place?" Tannah said as Balter rode up beside her and tugged at the reins to halt the beast.

"It was once the religious center of the kingdom of Ispur," Balter explained. "Come." He led Tannah down the main road as he talked. "It was a growing, thriving civilization, until their god was taken from them, captured and imprisoned in the mountains by a demon," he said.

"So the city just ... fell apart because of religion?" Tannah scoffed.

"So they believe," Balter said with a smirk. "Either way, their, 'god,' is worth quite a lot of gold if we can recover it." They stopped in front of a palatial stone building surrounded by shoddy homes and animal enclosures. Balter stepped off of his horse and approached a man standing before the building. They began conversing in a strange language.

After some back-and-forth he told Tannah it was alright to tie up the mares. Balter led Tannah inside, having her go first up the worn stone steps so that he could gaze at her butt as they ascended.

When they arrived at the second floor Tannah could see how time had taken its toll. Where there once had been wooden doors there were now only arches where sunlight shone in from the balconies beyond. Balter took Tannah by the hand and led her to a big room with a wide, cloth covered bed and some pieces of worn, yet comfy-looking, furniture.

A large arch opened up to a balcony, and from there a long, raised platform extended straight away from the building. It ended, seemingly, in the center of the courtyard.

"How odd," Tannah said, looking out at the structure while Balter started to undress her. She could imagine massive gatherings of people from all over, filling the area while some official gave out decrees. Now it was a cluttered assemblage of thatch huts, makeshift chicken coops and pig pens, with shabbily dressed people milling about.

"This used to be the king's bedchamber," Balter explained as he pulled Tannah's shirt up over her head, exposing her breasts to the people below. "It's said that when he took his concubines in this room all the people in the yard could hear their moans. I think it will be a fitting place for our first night together."

"A fitting place for a scavenger to bring his whore, indeed," Tannah thought as he unbuckled her pants and let them fall around her ankles. Tannah turned to face him. While she wasn't especially enticed by the idea of being Balter's concubine Tannah was ready to fuck. Even though it was a job, knowing she was about to have sex made her a little damp down below.

"Well then, how do you want me your majesty?" Tannah said with a sultry smile on her face, stepping close to him. To her surprise he picked Tannah up and tossed her onto the bed butt first. She gasped, and then laughed as she landed on the soft bedding. Tannah slipped a hand down the front of her panties as she watched him untie his trousers.

She touched the opening of her womanhood and thought of all the things she could spend her portion of the gold on. If Balter's numbers were to be believed she could start her own mercenary company once she was done being his plaything. Tannah pushed a finger inside herself and drew it up between her labia, spreading what wetness there was along the furrow of her sex.

Balter's pants slid down his hips and Tannah saw his pale cock. She watched it rise with arousal as he removed his leather coat and linen shirt. If nothing else Balter was moderately attractive. While she fingered herself in preparation Tannah thanked the gods that she was out in this place with him rather than some of her previous customers.

He climbed onto the bed and crawled toward her, then took Tannah by the ankles. She squealed with delight as he yanked her toward him and lifted her feet into the air. She felt his cock press against the seat of her panties and she rocked her hips in readiness, letting it push against the fabric covering her vagina.

Tannah drew her hand out of her panties, spreading moisture from her sex across her abdomen. She bit her lower lip and smiled as his eyes explored her body. He'd never really fucked her before, he'd never even seen her cunt.
