 The place was a whispered myth he had always thought growing up. A tavern far from the roads, hidden on a cliff overlooking the West ocean. It made no sense, why would you have a tavern.. a wealthy one that no one could find? As an adult he understood, the tavern was a meeting place for those who had no wish to be seen together. For those with power and wealth who were accustomed to a level of comfort far above the average roadside tavern. It was a secret handed from father to heir for generations. It had been by chance he learned it really existed, a conversation over heard one night when he had almost been caught.

The lord and his son had returned alone, a lucky break for the thief allowing him to hide in a small room normally reserved for guards. He had been sure they would arrive any moment and his head would be in a noose as soon as the sun rose. That is if they let him live that long. Instead.. the lord was telling his son about a meeting to take place. One that would have risked their house if it became known, so would have to be at the Cliff House. That had gotten Rafe's full attention. Myth becoming reality and more.. wealthy people arriving to an isolated location, one they couldn't admit they were ever at. Oh he instantly had visions of gold and information, of a life of leisure and debauchery. 

Cliff house on the West ocean turned out to be more elusive than he first thought. Two long years before he found it. The area was barren of farms, a single road through it, and an unmarked path that led off from it and up into the hills, then out to the cliff. The tavern was larger more impressive than he expected. A smaller building was hidden from the main one guards, servants, the stable near it. Nothing to disturb the peace of those who stayed at the tavern. He smiled, that meant that there would be few people inside the main building at night. He saw little in the way of guards oddly. Then again no one wished to cause trouble here.. it was too valuable to them. And isolation offered protection from the random thief.

He was not average, and he would be patient, wait for the perfect time. In the mean time he could perhaps gain some tidbits of information to sell later. He waited and watched, the tavern keeper.. owner maybe was a Velso. Odd for one of them to be here, they were from the far south, his skin tone was still darkly tanned, hair black as midnight a little long for average, tall and well muscled. They were known for being ruthless on the ocean. Maybe that was how he had come here. He stayed in the main building at night with one other person. She had been another shock to Rafe.

Tahma were not mythical.. but they were damn rare. The children of the bright moon, they lived to the far north and east, lands of open grass, snow, ice and wind.They never left their homeland he had thought. But here SHE was and she was a perfect example of one, crystalline white hair fell to her knees in soft waves, pale skin, eyes so pale a gray they seemed colorless, huge pupils. Tiny coming only to the Velsos' chest, slim and well portioned, breasts that were high and round, begging a man to cup them. She was graceful and calming, perfect to serve the men who arrived. Although he quickly noticed none touched her. Looked... oh yes any male who was attracted to female would look at her. And he had a feeling that the rumor he had heard recently of a Princeling offering to trade a Tahma for her weight in gold was inspired here.

But this was not a brothel and some services were not offered. Fine food, excellent wines and beverages, exotic fruits... and safe meeting places that one need not worry of disturbance. In fact Rafe was finding it impossible to even figure out where the meetings took place.

Food was mostly served on a veranda that overlooked the ocean, they would drink and chatter about inane things, children and horses. But the meetings they had come for were held.. away from prying eyes and ears. He had a perfect hiding place that allowed him to watch the veranda, watch her as she moved among the guests, carrying plates or glasses, she never seemed so much a server.. but the Lady of the manor hosting a fine party. She smiled and spoke softly, checked on each and every visitor at what seemed the perfect time. All while the Velso sat at the main table, lord of his domain. And no doubt he was the host and master here. Show any disrespect to him or his staff and you were banned, political suicide for some, financial suicide for others. The deals made here toppled kings, sent markets into frenzied panic and Rafe had little doubt started and ended wars.

Tonight it was only the two of them, the Velso took his place at the table as if it were a dozen there. She brought him a plate, and his favorite goblet, standing near. The conversation was too soft for him to hear but he was relaxed and she smiled often. Rafe dared to come a little closer, even though it would deny him the ability to watch her.

"We will have a few quiet days Serna. The next will not arrive till dark moon's wane." His voice was deep, rumbling whiskey and smoke in it. Rafe frowned as he realized it would be a bit of a wait now for his first chance at a little gold.

"We could use the time Grandfather." Her voice was a delicate a song as he had hoped, as sweet... Grandfather?!? His eyebrow shot up. No way the pair was in anyway kin to one another.

"Yes Serna. I know you need to restock after this past moon, more that you need to recover. You are too thin again." Rafe didn't think so, remembering the shimmering gown that had caressed her curves. Oh how he wanted to run his hands over those curves. 

"Grandfather you worry too much. I am not a bit different than I was before they arrived."

"I wish you would stop calling me that."

"You made the one that made me. You once told me to think of her as mother.. so that makes you Grandfather."

A low husky laugh, "I forget that you merely look as sweet and gentle as a snow dove, but truth is you are one of the falcons that dives and sends them flying in panic to their deaths."

He laughter made Rafe's cock twitch and waken hopefully. He silently moaned, he was not here to steal a woman. And he couldn't let the woman know he was here. Maybe on the last night.. after he had the wealth he wanted. Maybe he could even take her with him.. sell her to the Princeling.. gently used of course.

"Grandfather are you going to allow those magi back?"

A bit of a snarl, feral, "Not till they learn to behave as civilized people again. Don't worry Serna, here you are safe."

"From all but you Grandfather." Her voice carried laughter and he heard the light steps moving away. "If you allow, I am off to a bath and bed."

"And if I did not allow?" The laugh that followed made Rafe jealous of the pair. Just how close were they to banter back and forth like this. He needed to learn more about the layout of the building and if there were only two of them tonight.. it would be a perfect chance. Now where would the bathing chamber be? No reason he couldn't enjoy the view while learning the layout.

What he learned was two things. One the building was a maze. And two, there were caves.. or chambers carved out of the cliff. So that was how they insured privacy. However he hadn't been able to find a way into any of them. The bathing chamber he had a feeling was a hot spring, the scent he caught in one hall was mineral, warm and damp. Again the entrance hidden. So were the stairs to the second floor and bedchambers. Who had designed this place?

Again and again he had searched the halls and found nothing to give away a hidden stair case. He knew the Magi of the one land had some strange magics.. but never heard of them being able to work it without being there. And a Velso and Tahma were not going to be skilled. At least nothing he had ever heard suggested it. Rafe didn't know then that he would spend more nights wandering frustrated through the empty lower level.

A hand full of nights to be correct, listening to the pair talk of achievements of the staff, and tasks to be done, of him chiding her of health and for calling him Grandfather. Listening to her tease and him huff, the only mercy to his temper was the utter lack of anything to suggest that the Velso enjoyed the use of the woman's body. Rafe wanted that for himself. He had at least from the outside found which room was hers. Or at least which balcony she sat on and brushed her hair dry on. He even had a few strands of the pale hair that had fallen free. He knew her favored scent was something floral and sweet. Her gowns mostly were the same shimmering cloth sheaths. Her night gown was more.. interesting, Two strips of cloth, gathered at shoulder then let fall front and back, gathered by a soft cord wrapping loosely from below breasts to hips.

He wanted nothing more than to cut that cord and watch the fabric become curtains that he could part and reveal the delightful body to his gaze. Running his hands over that pale skin and finding if it was as cool and smooth as it looked. Would she be as cold of nature as her homeland.. or would she moan and cry out beneath him? She should welcome him, wasn't as if she had any other options. Most of the servants were older as was the Velso. And the visitors were off limits to her. She had to be very bored with life here.

He lay on the roof and looked up at the bright moon, still another double hand full of days till the dark moon waned. Hopefully by then he had a better option for breaking into the sleeping chambers than swinging off the roof. Tonight Rafe planned to see just how hard it would be to to get onto a balcony. Just as soon as Serna went back into her room. Then he could drop down and see just how her room connected to the downstairs. If he couldn't move through her room without waking her then well.. he would just have to make sure she stayed quiet.

The scent of flowers and soap reached his nose and he flipped over and wiggled to his hiding place, a near perfect view of the balcony, cloth still clung to her damp skin and the hair was a tangle that would take her a while to comb out. He had watched this several times now, always amazed how her hair would turn to silken strands as it dried and wound around her hands. Tonight she was almost finished when foot steps came from the room behind her. She did not turn around, not even as dark hands took the comb from her and finished the task. Then wove the hair into a long braid. What was he doing out here?

"Hands on the rail."

The order made Rafe's eyes widen. Serna moved her hands wide apart on the rail without a pause. "Yes Grandfather."

The Velso laid the comb aside and did what Rafe had imagined. A flash of steel and the cords fell down, bending to gather two lengths he wrapped them around slender wrists and the rail. "What have I told you about calling me that?"

Her gown now hung off her shoulders, still the cloth covered more of her body from his eyes than he wanted. Then again he wanted none of it revealed to the Velso. The man that ran hands beneath the cloth. Rafe wanted to call out, stop him from touching the girl. Serna for her part stayed silent merely smiling slightly. "Still too thin." He murmured and stroked the delicate throat, "In my land we wish a woman with softness and curves. "

"In my land a woman or man that ran to excess was considered greedy and wasteful. And I have curves enough, Grandfather."

A loud smack, a hand hitting the soft swell of her buttocks, "What have I told you?"

She chuckled, a rich and throaty laugh that tortured Rafe, "Many things. You need be more clear, Grandfather." Another swat, harder, making her yelp faintly. How dare he bruise that flawless flesh!

"You are a troublesome little beast."

"Beast? Are you saying you are into bestiality now?" The sweet voice was more throaty now. Rafe's cock was awake and unhappy at being confined and pressed against a roof. The gasp he heard made him almost move to defend her. The Velso growled and had wrapped a hand around the slender throat making her tilt her head back.

"My wicked little falcon disguised as a dove." He moved to kiss her deeply, Rafe had to smother a moan, how dare he? But the pair was unaware of him, and if he made any move his whole plan would be destroyed. Couldn't they at least retreat into the room so he didn't have to watch this?

The strips of cloth now fell to the floor and revealed a body that was as flawless as he had imagined, a waist so thin his hands could probably encircle it. Those breasts, so pale, the nipples the same shade of pink as her lips. That knowledge would now torment him or delight him in his dreams. Hard nipples that the man's hands now played with. The stark contrast of his tanned flesh and her pale skin was visible even in the moonlight, leaving nothing to Rafe's imagination as that hand slid down her ribs and spanned across her stomach. Tugging, forcing her back till she was bent sharply at the waist. Running hands down her back, it almost reminded Rafe of a man examining a horse. "Legs." 

She moved her feet apart and the hand slid over her ass cheeks and vanished between her thighs. "I am not in a gentle mood tonight Serna." The hand again stuck on pale mound leaving a hand print that was visible to Rafe. "If you are not willing then say so."

She was bent shoulders on the rail, head bowed and the braid had slithered to dangle off like some strange vine. "Have I ever needed gentle from you, Grandfather?" Rafe felt himself wilting, so they had been lovers before. Nor was she the sweet innocence he had thought, had desired. He had been planning to be gentle, caring.. and here she was telling a Velso.. that beast of a man she didn't need gentleness.

And the Velso was taking her at her word, "You can not come till I tell you. You are placing yourself in my hands tonight." Hands would stroke along her spine, knead a full breast then land on her ass and thighs with punishing blows. Tug and pull at one nipple while barely caressing the other, fingernails left red tracks along her sides, bending over her whispering in her ear before nipping the earlobe. Rafe thought he was torturing her. But Serna never screamed or pleaded, moaned, gasped, sighed... made sounds that had him wanting desperately to shift position.

The Velso walked away for a moment, picking up his goblet from a table and drinking as he observed his results, the shaking, the marks, the way she tugged unconsciously at the bindings. "Slip your hands from the cords. And come kneel before me." The binding was an illusion as she easily slid her hands free and rose trembling to move to him. Rafe was curious, why bind her if not to hold her? Why tell her to free herself? Illusion.. the illusion she had no control, the truth that she had allowed every moment.

The Velso shrugged off the thick bed robe and draped it over the back of a chair, "Knees apart, Hands behind head, back straight." Serna did as told and Rafe found himself wanting to memorize that moment for all of his life, a statue or rare quality, breasts pushed forward and up, the buttocks firmly resting on her feet. The rope like braid down her spine. He could only imagine the view from the front. Then he actually looked at the man.

He had always heard Velso locked away their women so they would never find out what real men looked like. Maybe this one was an oddity? Maybe.. Seven demons on their thrones that cock would not fit into the smaller Tahma, for that matter he wasn't sure it would fit in any woman. His own cock was softening which brought some relief.. and a touch of embarrassment. She didn't seem bothered, her breathing was uneven and she shivered, but he couldn't delude himself into thinking it fear. Those pale eyes watched the man's face with out a sign of timidness, rather.. an eagerness, willing him to continue.

The man reached down tenderly caressing the heart shaped face, then reaching to gather the braid wrapping it about his hand and tugging her toward him. Those rose pink lips parted, kissing the dark cock head, then the flickering tongue licked and worshiped the vein etched length. Her hands still tightly locked behind her head. She never took her eyes off the tall man, never ceased her attention to the throbbing length that was between them. Rafe wanted nothing so much as to be the one she was watching with adoration.

He stared in shock as she took the head into her mouth, tilting head back and letting him use her. Making no effort to fight or control his actions. How was she able to fit her lips around him? She swallowed him deeper with each stroke, Rafe could see the bulge appear in her throat. So could the Velso, he reached his free hand down to brush fingers against the bulge. Long moments he used her throat almost dispassionately, Rafe was certain he would not have lasted more than a hand full of strokes. But that accursed man seemed to be as about excited as a man dealing with his morning rising. "I still do not believe how perfect you are Serna. The sight of your skin being caressed by the bright moon, almost makes me jealous that it can make you glow silver. he moon loves you and tries so hard to touch you, yet I am the one who can reach out and stroke you, fuck you. And it has to watch helplessly."

He withdrew the now slick cock and she breathed deeply still watching him. "Table." She rose gracefully not lowering her hands and bent over the table, legs moving apart. Now Rafe had an almost view of pure white curls and puffy lips of her sex. Large fingers parted them, and he saw deep pink folds, glistening with moisture. She was enjoying this, even if he didn't want to admit it to himself. But the evidence was shining in the moonlight. How could she be excited about a man who would tear her to pieces if...

The fingers slid into her and she moaned, hips lifting to give better access, one.. two... remove then slipping thumb in for a few minutes, before withdrawing. Slipping the fingers back in and also now the thumb pressed against the tiny puckered star between her ass cheeks. A whine, pushing back against the hand, wanting, needing. The hand moved slowly, pushing deeply in, then almost fully withdrawing. The girl kept her hands behind head, kept trying to push against his hand without moving from the table as ordered. The man was teasing and tormenting her.

"Remember you can not come till I allow it Serna. Behave and I'll reward you. " The hand moved faster, pumping into the tiny body that now gleamed with a thin layer of sweat from the effort to control herself. She had to be close from the whimpers and the tight grip her hands had on one another. Fast, then slow, stopping while pressing into her, then abruptly walking away. Catching up the goblet and drinking as Serna almost sobbed.

Long moments the man watched as the tiny pale creature bent over the table fought to regain control, fought not to rage and beg. A casual hand stroking the heavy length of flesh that Rafe still did not think would fit within the body. "Good girl." The voice was a purr, he moved behind her, "Grip the table." Hands moved to the far edges stretching out as she had on the rail. No cords for her to pretend to be helpless this time. He ran hands over the hips and outer thighs, stroked her back and tugged the braid to make her lift her head.

He bent to kiss her, his body moving and Rafe knew that damn cock was slipping through the pink nether lips and white curls. Then he reared back slightly, a hand between them and plunged forward. Serna's scream was muffled by the continued kiss. Pain? Release? Relief? The man pushed slowly forward, until he stopped and stood upright, looking down at her with a pleased smirk.

Rafe could hear her panting, whimpering, struggling to hold still and not to cry. Rafe couldn't understand why she was allowing this, accepting this, why she had welcomed this. Rafe wanted nothing more than to strike the man down. Cradle the tiny woman, seduce her, give her body pleasure without pain. Show her how perfect they could be together.
