 Note: This is an entirely casual series of fantastical, erotic "fairy tales", with the framing device being a group of late-night taverngoers with little else to do. The previous installment is "The Riddling Sprite".

 Earlier this night, the barmaid Adelsia completed her tale and challenged Horasen to come up with his own. Is he up to the task?

 ~~~~ ~~~~

 "Alright," Horasen said, sitting up on the counter. His audience had moved their chairs to watch him more easily. The lights in the Grim Harvest common room had been dimmed to save oil, and he felt like he was surrounded by shadows. "Who's ready for the next story?"

 "Just one more tonight," said Urg. The hulking bartender sat down on Urg's Chair, a large metal chair that he had personally purchased for his use in this tavern. As he'd told Horasen, he'd been tired of paying out of his salary for the chairs that broke under his weight. "Folks gotta get to sleep. Adel, you've got a bright start tomorrow."

 "Yes, Urg," Adelsia said, rolling her eyes. The barmaid came back into the room bearing a plateload of drinks. She set it down on the counter, then took a seat nearby. The chestnut-skinned young woman crossed her legs and watched Horasen intently, a sly smile on her face. "So, what've you got, Sen?"

 Horasen hesitated. This whole game had seemed like a much better idea back when Adelsia was the one telling stories. He'd watched his crush talk about that masturbating witch, seen that shiny look in her eyes, and known it had been a very, very good idea. He'd been given lots to consider for later tonight.

 But now everyone was looking at him and expecting him to think of a story. He couldn't let Adel out-dirty him. No-way, no-how. His mind raced along a circular track for a full five seconds, staring out at the crowd like a catgirl into a will o' the wisp light, searching for a scrap of inspiration.

 "What's taking so long, Sen?" Adelsia asked, giggling. "Having trouble 'getting it up' tonight?"

 He felt his ears burning. I've known her my whole life, but I still can't remember when it was she started getting this damn attitude. Rude little tart. I bet she's a whole other story in the bedroom.

 He blinked. Blinked again.

Oh, that should do nicely.

 Horasen cleared his throat. "Not to worry, Adel. I've got a story for you, alright:"

 ~~~~

THE TALE OF THE WIZARD AND THE FAIRY QUEEN

 Or, THE FAIRY QUEEN'S LESSON

 Long ago, back when the gods still reigned and the bread rose high, there was a young and talented wizard out wandering the world and seeking his fortune. In those days, the wizards were regarded with hatred and fear, unlike the sensible mild mistrust they encounter now. And so he kept his magic a secret, containing it all within a single part of his body that nobody would ever think to examine closely.

 Shut up, Errol. I'm the one telling the story. Well, I'm only talking to him because he's talking to me. If you'd all just—okay, fine, whatever. Anyways.

 This wise and clever wizard journeyed from land to land, righting small wrongs, never seeking recompense for his noble deeds. All he truly sought were the simple, basic joys every man desires: A home, a trade he could practice openly, and a loving wife who would support him in all things.

 Yes, every heterosexual man who believes in marriage to a single spouse. Thank you for the clarification, Urg. Could I not get the peanut gallery? You all stayed quiet for Adel. It's fine. Just let me focus.

 Now! It just so happened that one day this wizard was traveling toward a modest farming village, and this wizard noticed something strange: A great and mighty forest had grown to surround the town. He realized that all of the crops the farmers grew had turned into towering oak trees.

 So the wizard went to talk to the mayor, who told him that a kingdom of tiny little fairies was quite nearby. The king of the fairies was kind and wise and good, but the queen—the king's second wife—was very wild and very cruel. After the village had refused to sacrifice five of their most eligible young men to her capricious whims, out of respect for the fairy king's honor, of course, she had transformed all of their crops into great oaks to teach them respect.

 This injustice burned at the noble wizard's heart. He resolved to go in the five young men's place. The villagers begged him not to go, but he would not be dissuaded. He would volunteer himself to the fairy queen, and he would go alone. The wizard hoped he could reason with the queen once he met her.

 Alas, she proved to be every bit the haughty minx the rumors claimed. Immediately upon seeing the wizard—who was, of course, quite fit and handsome—the little fairy queen zoomed up and cast a spell, causing his trousers to fall away. She waved her wand, and his own stood at attention.

 The fairy queen flew over, cooing at his size. She embraced it—this fairy stood eight inches tall, meaning she was only a few inches shorter—and began to stroke both her arms around his head. The wizard came before he even knew what had happened.

 "You are mine, now," the fairy queen told him, as her maidservants gathered little thimblefuls of his cum, hungry to learn what he would taste like. "You have come for me, and by ancient fairy law, you cannot resist."

 And so she forced him back into their realm, and for forty days and forty nights that felt like years, she and her maidservants had their way with him. The fairy queen believed she had mastered this wizard. She could make him come whenever she wanted, and she loved watching his cum shoot out. She loved wrapping her arms and legs around that cock and making it pulse, filling him with heavenly pleasure.

 But little did she know that the wizard was toying with her. Using his magic, he had charmed her maidservants into teaching him more about fairy magic. He had them do other things, too, but they did those out of their own free will. And the wizard now knew exactly what he had to do.

 And so on the forty-first day, the fairy queen flew up to again bring him to orgasm. She stroked her whole body over his shaft, and he shuddered from her glorious touch. But this time, just when he was about to come, he spoke a single word of power. The fairy queen was sent flying off his shaft, and right into the trajectory.

 His entire load hit her right in the face. Instantly her gossamer wings were covered by the stuff, and she fell backwards onto the wizard's pillow. That was bad enough, but this was mystical cum, ensorcelled by the wizard. And so even as she was cleaning herself off—and having her maidservants clean her off with their eager tongues—she realized that a spell was affecting her.

 The wizard had placed all his magic into his big, powerful dick. And before his eyes, the fairy queen grew fast to human size. She was still petite by human standards—a mere four and a half feet—but her breasts were enormous, and her sudden lust even more so. She squealed with glee as he tackled her onto the bed and started pounding into her. She couldn't resist, and she didn't want to. Nobody had ever touched her like that before.

 It wasn't long before they both came, and he shot a whole other load inside her hungry pussy. She shrieked with pleasure as her orgasm hit, and he felt her feminine juices covering his cock, lubricating it. He leaned close and whispered to her, even as he continued slamming into her waiting snatch, "You made a big mistake just now." And she stared up at him, wild-eyed with lust, barely comprehending. "You just came for me. Now you are mine. And I'm going to make sure you learn your lesson."

 She wasn't even listening. She just kept bucking against him. She was getting closer, closer, closer—

 Then the wizard smoothly pulled out, smiled, and turned to leave.

 The fairy queen, once so high and mighty, was distraught. "Wait!" she cried. "Aren't you going to ravish me?" She crawled after him. "Oh, please, big boy," she purred, "I think you wanna put that magic cock back inside me, right?"

 And the wizard turned back and shrugged. "I have no desire to lay with a cruel monarch."

 And inside her, the fairy queen's lust was fighting a brutal war against her arrogance and greed. Unfortunately for her arrogance and greed, she could still see that big magic cock, bobbing right in front of her. The human-sized fairy's mouth watered. Her nipples oozed fairy milk. She begged the wizard to claim her as his own, but he would not take her down there. That was for the fairy king alone.

 At a loss, she offered a different part of herself. She sucked him to orgasm, right then and there, slurping along his shaft and drinking more of that tasty magic cum. She didn't even know that she was binding herself stronger to his will, and she didn't care. She would do anything, as long as she could make him come. And this made him smile. But he still did not say yes.

 And she offered another part of herself. She bounced her smooth breasts around his cock, immersing it in the soft, warm titflesh, licking at the head that poked out from between her tits until he came all over her face. Anything, as long as she could make him come. And the wizard's smile widened. But he did not say yes.

 And finally, she offered the last part of herself she could think of. She got down on all fours and presented her curvy ass to him, begging him to take her however he chose. And the wizard took a step forward and felt her butt, kneading it and making her squirm.

 "You must promise me something," he said, as he started to slip inside her. She gasped—he was so big, and nobody had ever fucked her back there before. But fairy magic can do wonderful things, and so can the magic of a wizard's magic dick. Somehow, he just kept pushing into her. "You must be kind to the village."

 She promised in between gasps and moans that she would be. Anything if he could come inside her.

 "You must give them good crops," he said. "And good weather. And must promise in the name of your goddess never to toy with them as you have done."

 She tried to resist this, but then he pushed all the way into her, and she whimpered out a 'yes'. Anything, if he could come inside her.

 "And you asked them to send you tribute?" he asked mockingly. "Look at you. Presenting your mouth, breasts and ass for me like some wanton slut. You must make one final promise."

 She turned and looked up at him, her mouth hanging open, her eyes wide with desire. He pounded into her, using his magic to make her asshole more and more sensitive until it was practically a second cunt.

 "You must be their tribute," he said, smirking. "Each month, when the moon cannot be seen behind our world's shadow, you will find yourself returned to this size. And you must walk alone to the village." She tried to voice an objection, but then he grabbed her breasts and started to stroke her, even as he continued his thrusts. Her objections were lost to moans and whines and wordless pleas. "You will offer yourself to any man or woman of age who desires you. If they wish to take your mouth, they will have it, and you will taste them down below."

 She wanted to pull off him, to free herself from his cock's magic powers, but it was not even conceivable. The pleasure was too great now. "Yes," the once-proud queen whimpered.

 "If they wish to feel your breasts, or to taste your milk, you will give it to them freely, without forcing yourself upon them."

 She whined, desperately trying to resist him, but the pleasure was too great now. "Yes," the tamed predator whimpered.

 "If they wish to lick you down below, or thrust devices into you, you will let them, as well. I know your husband would not mind artificial pleasuring."

 She opened her mouth to protect, but only a little "yes" came out. Anything, if he would let her come.

 "And," he said, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her away, "when they want to fuck you in the ass—"

 He pounded into her once more, and she screamed out, "YES! YES! I WILL LET THEM!" She thrashed and thrust her ass against his hips as she came, screaming her reluctant consent.

 The wizard had taught the cruel queen humility, and so after coming inside her, he left her on the floor. But she was not done.

 After recovering from the pleasure, she started to rise. He was putting his trousers on and readying to return to the village to share the good news, but she knew he could not resist her if she took him now. She would make him come again, make him serve, make him lift the promises he had forced on her in her moment of desperate need.

 She opened her mouth to cast a spell...but only wordless moans came out as she felt mouths down below. For her kinder handmaidens had betrayed her. Two tongues licked at her neglected pussy, and the two-pronged assaults of pleasure made her start to buck and scream. The wizard looked up, seeing two more handmaidens barring the way. They had drunk his cum, and so they were human-sized, too.

 He looked back at the queen and laughed. Well, he had time. He took off his trousers and strolled back into the bedroom, the handmaidens giggling as they followed behind him.



 "And that," Horasen said, laughing, "is what happens when you get in over your head."

 Adelsia scowled. "That's not a moral."

 "Well, not all fairy tales have good morals." Urg laid a hand on his apprentice's shoulder. "What's the moral of that sleeping princess one? 'Never let a royal touch a spinning wheel'? Is that some sort of 'menial labor is fit only for the common folk'-type thing?" Adelsia laughed, and he smiled. "They ain't all created equal. Better luck next time, Horasen."

 "If there is a next time." Emekis stood up, eyes narrowed. Her pale cheeks were flushed. "That story was entirely lacking in...subtlety."

 "I didn't see you leaving," Horasen said. "Besides, it's not like you could do better."

 Urg suppressed a snort. The lad was trying to bait the closest thing the town had to a hermit into sharing a smut story.

 He was surprised when Emekis turned and looked Horasen in the eye. "Too often," she said, "you townsfolk conclude that because I am not interested in you, I am simply not interested." Urg noticed she gave Errol, Horasen and Adelsia particularly unforgiving looks. "I could weave a tale that will leave the likes of you quivering in your seats, if I truly wanted to."

 "Prove it!" Horasen grinned. "I'm hearing a lot of talk, librarian."

 "Yeah," Adelsia said, snickering, "if you're such hot stuff, why not give a demonstration? I think Horasen should be left quivering in his seat more often, really."

 Emekis rolled her eyes. "I will happily oblige, of course."

 "Not tonight, though." Urg started collecting plates in one massive hand, waving his beloved pocket watch in the other. "Next time folks are gathered here, I reckon. It's past midnight."

 "Oh, merciful heavens." Horasen looked at the watch. "My parents are going to kill me."

 "Yes," Adelsia agreed. "You really should ditch yours. It's much easier without them."

 Urg turned to her as he opened the kitchen door. "You'll get right to bed after your shift ends, young lady. No more cavorting after hours, you hear me?"

 The barmaid stuck her tongue out at him. "I sleep most of the day anyways, Urg. Might as well admit I'm nocturnal and claim the night as my own."

 Horasen laughed. "Hey, maybe we should cavort together sometime."

 Urg's belly rumbled as he entered the kitchen. He liked Horasen well enough, but not near his apprentice. The lad had no brains and no responsibility. He paused to listen.

 "I'd love to, but I don't cavort with corpses. And as you said...Your parents would kill you."

 "Oh! Ha! Okay, g'night, Adel."

 "Night, Sen."

 "Night, Urg!" Horasen yelled.

 "Get home, whelp!" Urg yelled back. He snorted to himself.

 For all his faults, Horasen certainly kept the place from getting boring.

~~~~ ~~~~

 More to come!