 The bartender rubbed down the bar, wiping away the runoff from another tankard of alcohol. The tavern was only about half full tonight, too many men getting called up for the war. Business would go down the sewer at this rate.

Over in a corner the troubadour played, idly strumming his instrument, though few cared to listen. Most were here only to drink and forget about their troubles.

Shaking his head, the bartender stuck his head through the door beside the bar and yelled for his best dancing girl. This was about as large a crowd as he could hope for tonight. Might as well get what he could now, before they started leaving.

A sharp whistle perked up the troubadour, and he began a sultry tune, his hungry eyes staring at the doorway. More than one drunk turned his head to stare. They knew what was coming, and none wanted to miss it.

She strode through the doorway, clad only in silks and chains. Her lips were full and colored a lush inviting red. It was her eyes though that captured the men in the tavern. They held a challenge for every man there.

Many wanted to answer her challenge, but few thought themselves up to taming her. As the tune began to pick up, she lifted her hands over her head, clapping softly. The tavern stilled to a dead silence as every man there held his breath. Then she began her dance.

Her hips swayed and rocked as her eyes closed, and her hands slid down to caress those luscious curves that every man wanted to feel. The silks swayed and small bells tinkled at her waist at every twitch of her hips.

Slowly she curled a finger around a piece of silk, drawing it away from her costume, showing off her tight belly. With a negligent flick of the wrist she sent it through the air to land against one man's cheek.

She was already moving away as he grabbed it and felt the warmth of her body, took in the spicy scent of her. A few eyed him enviously, it wouldn't be the first time men had fought for a piece of her costume.

As the music swelled and built through the room, she began stripping away more pieces of silk, exposing more of her tanned flesh. A few men were rubbing themselves now, stiffening at the thought of this girl in their beds.

As she danced, Samara eyed the men, a smirk on her lips. She knew they wanted her, needed her body. She leaned towards one with a throaty purr, and slowly slid the silk covering her breasts away, exposing her erect nipples to his hungry stare.

Then she was away, spinning and twirling, her hands going up to caress her heated flesh. A low gasp came from her lips as she pulled on her nipples, arching her back as if in ecstasy. Slowly her tongue slid out to lick across her lips, and then she was dancing again, the only silk left covering her around her waist now.

She was nearly back to the bar now, when her eyes fell across him. A dark-eyed stranger sitting near the corner. His eyes were on her like everyone else, but they held a hint of amusement, and a challenge of their own.

Samara nearly stumbled and caught herself. Nobody had noticed, too eagerly were they staring at her swaying breasts. Her hand snaked out and she caught a chilled bottle from the counter.

She licked her lips and kissed the side of the bottle, her body swaying sensuously to the beat. As she moved from the counter, the silk at her waist hooked a familiar spot and tugged away, baring the last piece of her body before the men in the room.

Some were openly fondling themselves now, uncaring of who might see. The girl licked her lips and savored the power she held over these men. They were hers now as surely as if she held their leash.

She cradled the bottle between her breasts, letting out a moan now as the cold glass chilled her. Then she shifted it, rubbing it on her nipples, and it was the men's turn to moan.

She pulled the cork with her teeth and arched her head back, swallowing several times from the bottle, giving everyone in the room a good view of her throat muscles ripple with the wine as it slid down.

Her eyes were glistening as she turned back to her dance, and began to move more rapidly now. The dark-eyed man was consuming her thoughts though. How dare he sit there, looking like that? Well, she would show him.

As the tune dipped into a momentary lull, the girl leaned against one of the unoccupied tables and spread her legs. She teased the cool glass of the bottle against her swollen lips, aroused by the heated stares filling the room.

As she pulled the bottle away, a dewy strand of moisture clung between her and the glass, and there was a sharp intake of breath. Then she was spinning again, rubbing and caressing the bottle across her body as her hand went down between her legs.

As they flickered back and forth she dipped her fingers into herself, then brought them to her clitoris, and it was here that the girl let out a loud moan of pleasure and desire.

She moved to an open space in the room and arched her back against the column there, rubbing herself slowly up and down it. At her lowest point she parted her legs, allowing the men to see her dripping sex. The bottle was placed against her swollen lips and rubbed there as she rose back up the smooth wood behind her.

One leg arched to rest on the edge of a table, and the girl clung to the support behind her. The nearby men could clearly see her sweet fluids as they coated her lips and her thighs.

She spread herself for their view, but inside she knew she was spreading herself open for the dark-eyed man. The other men in the room forgotten now, she dipped her fingers inside herself, began to fuck herself on them.

Her body began to rock in time with the beat, her flesh felt like it was about to burst aflame. She grabbed the neck of the bottle and rubbed the opening against her clit, before pushing the neck of it inside herself.

Her cries of passion filled the chamber as her orgasm came upon her. Then she was sagging limply against the column, her breasts heaving as she panted for breath.

As the music began to dwindle down, and the men all rushed to the bar to get something for their suddenly too dry throats, she walked to the dark-eyed man's table and forcefully put the bottle down next to his tankard, the challenge full in her eyes.

Without a backward look she walked back to the door beside the bar, her smooth tight ass swaying sensually the entire way, before she disappeared into the back.