 The following story is not intended for people under 18 years of age. It should be considered NSFW. All persons described in the following story are 18 years of age, or older. If you are under 18, or you are considered a minor in your country, you are to stop listening now. 

**** 

It's spring time, so the aroma of orange blossoms saturate the very air around town. The warmth of the afternoon sun warms Tanya's skin, as she walks over to her college's approved hover boot donning area. This part of the year always reminds her of her youth, and in a moment of giddy playfulness, she lifts her face towards the sun, closes her eyes, and twirls as she walks. 

**** 

Tanya can be best described as one part female, two parts geek, and four parts walking heart attack. To say Tanya is unaware of her impact on others around her is to really say nothing at all. The trouble is, while she is a mechanical and technological prodigy since virtually the day she was born, her social skills are ...less than stellar. 

In her youth, she was at first a tomboy; taking things apart and putting them back together, then a more polished geek, and somehow in the eleventh hour of her youth, she blossomed into a strikingly attractive young woman. 

Only now, there's a little more here, and a little less there, and she is definitely taller, but in her mind, she is the same now, as she always has been. All the more reason it confounded her that guys, and sometimes even other girls, seemed suddenly interested in her. 

Not that she minded the pursuit, as she was starting to develop some very pointed ideas she was very interested in trying out, but she needed someone to try them out with her. However, every time someone showed interest in talking with her, they seemed to bore her with uninteresting subjects. Alternatively, they would make the greatest mistake possible, by trying to talk about technology with her. Not only did they find out they were woefully unprepared, but also, more often than not, completely wrong. A fact that Tanya was usually enthusiastic to point out, which inevitably would end the conversation sometime soon afterwards. 

**** 

All this leading up to; as Tanya bends over to put on her hover boots, giving her a wedgie in her already too short, skintight, denim shorts. From behind her, she can hear whispers: 

"Look, look!" says one student incredulously. 

"It looks like it might..." a second student says hopefully. 

"Would you look at that?" a third student states in disbelief. 

"Oh, my! I think that's even nicer than my..." is heard from a female student. 

"Quick, she's looking this way!" exclaims a fifth student. 

All the students see; is Tanya looking over her shoulder at them questioningly, then her expression turns into a sad little pout. Followed by her giving a teasing caress to her pert backside before sliding her hand slowly down one leg. This only makes the other college students behind her groan wistfully, and all the more louder. 

However, what really goes through Tanya's head is: 

What was that? Who were they talking about? They were smiling a moment ago and looking at me, and now they are not. Why? Did my pants split? I bet I split my pants! I better check... No, that's not it. Oh my gosh, They'll know I was checking for split pants and laugh even more at me, I better slide my hand down my leg to make it look like I'm just wiping my hand off. Why are they now groaning? I just don't understand... 

Although very gifted, Tanya could be a little naive when it comes to human interactions, including sexuality. What everyone doesn't know is that she is bursting at the seams with very deep, sexual curiosity that screams inside her, waiting to be explored. The only thing holding her back is Tanya herself, because while she is unparalleled in technology, even dwarfing the instructors of her classes in mechanics and electronics, she is simply as dumb as a stump when it comes to interacting with people, doubly so regarding sex. 

Don't misunderstand, she has the basic mechanics of sex down pat, it's just the human side of the equation which eludes her completely. What Tanya isn't aware of, is that the word around campus is she is a consummate teaser. However, that doesn't mean she isn't a delight to look at. 

Knowing little else to do, she shrugs, uses her flimsy to power on her hover boots, and pushes off towards home. Just before she is out of earshot, she overhears: 

"She's so much like the machines she builds; totally awesome, but so cold!" 

The overheard remark doesn't hurt her feelings, because Tanya has a great deal of respect for her mechanical marvels. However, that fleeting remark has given her the beginning of a new idea. 

**** 

Tanya is lost in her thoughts as she passes through the business district of town, it's only as she passes a street vendor that she becomes aware of her surroundings. 

"Flowers? Flowers? Perhaps the pretty young lady?" 

"Huh? Um, no. ...thank you!" Tanya calls back to the woman over her shoulder. 

It is only after she passes a vagrant old man petitioning to no one listening, that two thoughts click together like puzzle pieces for Tanya. 

"Machines are replacing mankind! First they start with your jobs, then they will take over your life!" 

On an impulse, Tanya touches the on switch of her flimsy that connects her amber colored visor/headset to the Artificial Intelligence she has created. She pre-programmed it with a personality that was on par with her own, which basically means she is talking to herself, which also means it has many of her social failings. 

"How can I help you now, oh, Magnificent Creator? Is this going to be another scintillating conversation about the 'sex' problem, again?" 

"Yes, it... Hal, didn't I ask you to stop calling me that?" 

"That's a pointless question, oh, Great One. As, obviously, you haven't forgotten the last eighty-eight times you've asked me that very question. And yet afterwards, you always assure me that worthy praise is completely acceptable." 

Tanya musses under her breath, "Eighty-nine now." 

Hal continues as if not interrupted, "It's your own fault you know, if you want to control what I say, then you shouldn't have given me independent thought. 

"...Yes, yes, I know." Tanya sighs in exasperation. 

**** 

Originally, Tanya had given her Artificial Intelligence her own voice, but in too short a time, Tanya got annoyed listening to her own voice arguing with her, especially if it was right. So the first she did was to modify a few subroutines, which affected the output from the speakers alone; into a more masculine voice. In actuality, her Artificial Intelligence was neither masculine nor feminine, so this adjustment didn't bother the artificial mind at all. The second thing she did was to give it an appropriate new male name, one inspired by a century-old movie. 

While it was more soothing, hearing Hal's completely emotionless dulcet tonal reasoning, it still grated on her nerves when he was right. 

**** 

"You were saying..?" Hal prompts just as Tanya is passing a pedestrian. 

Tanya responds awkwardly fearing she might be overheard. "Yes, it's... that problem, again. Update resolution file. One of the college boys said, 'she's so much like the machines she builds,' and a smelly old man said, 'machines are taking over our lives.' I think there might be an answer there, but I have to do a little research on it first." 

"Really, Magnificence, 'research'? Surely, you haven't forgotten the debacle that happened the last time you tried to do 'research,' have you?" 

Tanya fumes. "That was my first time using a ...dildo, and I wasn't aware they had sizes that were for novelty purposes only!" Musingly she adds, "They really need to find a better way to give perspective in some of those insty-vids on the weave." 

"Fine, if you are going to use that thin excuse..." 

Tanya is passing another street hawker which softens her retort somewhat. "One girl did have a guy's... thing ...that was as long as her forearm!" 

"It's called a penis, radiant one, unless you want to be more vulgar; then 'dick,' or 'cock' would be more appropriate." 

Tanya felt a flush creep up her cheeks as if the people surrounding her might have overheard Hal. 

"I know perfectly well what it's..." 

Hal interrupts, "I had suggested a perfectly acceptable size sex toy for you to start with, but your eyes were, I believe the phrase is; 'bigger than your stomach.' Although in your case, I believe it would be more accurate to say 'bigger than your...'" 

Tanya, embarrassed, interrupts as she is about to pass a passerby. "Did I mention that I never want to go back to that establishment, ever again?" 

"Right you are, oh, creator. After all it wasn't your fault when the store clerk tried to explain it wasn't a practical sized toy. However, it certainly explains why afterwards, she could barely contain herself after you gave her a good dressing down about how you knew exactly what you were doing." 

Tanya felt her face flush more. "They also have appalling customer service there!" 

"I might point out there were other... less successful ...ventures on your part; like how you wanted to celebrate your last birthday..." 

There were times Tanya hated that she recorded all her life, and inner most thoughts directly to Hal's storage. 

"I was just... experimenting with impact to sound amplitude ratios... And I only repeated it, until I got the sound level matched to the levels Sherry got..." Remembering Sherry, Tanya musses aloud, "Sherry seemed to be enjoying herself when she was getting it ...up until I accidental walked in on her and her boyfriend." Then as if Tanya expects Hal to still find fault with her excuses, she finishes her retort. "And all my research has indicated it's completely appropriate on birthdays!" Tanya amends wistfully, "...Although, usually by someone else." 

"Uh huh. Is that why that subject matter has increased 1,293.7% in your weaves? As you can't understand males; I can not understand you humans. It's just a manner of correction. Why must your kind persist in denying your interest in what you apparently like?" 

"I don't understand it myself. When I saw Sherry like that. Right there. In front of me, getting... getting..." 

Just then, Tanya passes a chili barker. "Get it how you like it! We can serve it so hot, you won't be able to sit down afterwards!" 

"...Spanked?" Hal offers in the pregnant pause. 

Tanya nearly loses her balance as she jumps from Hal's timely interjection. 

"Wa-oh! Wa-oh! Ah!" Then, after she has regains control, she hisses tersely. "Hal!" 

Tanya said his name so loud, she draws more than a few glances in her direction, but after a couple of quick calming breaths, she manages to finish. 

"Yes, that. I instantly imagined myself in her place, and I, I... just thought maybe I might like it if I ever got a chance to try it." 

Tanya, trying to avoid looking at the people around her who seem to notice something is up, suddenly has thoughts of everyone around her taking turns 'correcting her' as Hal called it. This makes things much, much worse for her. Trying to compose herself, Tanya inhales and exhales, then resumes her hovering. All the while, trying to avoid looking at the people staring at her. When she is out of earshot of those people, she resumes. 

"...but when I tried doing it to myself, it just, sort of... fizzled. It just wasn't as interesting, or as exciting as I thought it might be. And finding someone to do it to me seems as good a chance as me finding someone to have" Tanya looks furtively around. "...sex with. I don't know what to do Hal." 

"Well, if there is any way I can help, oh, great one, please tell me and I will be at your service." 

Unfortunately for Hal, this is when all the pieces of Tanya's puzzle came together. 

"Hal, that's it! You're a genius!" 

"Oh... no! No, most reverent ,and great one, you surely don't mean you intend to...?" 

"Yup! I'm going to wirelessly connect you to an armature to help me with my... needs. I really don't know why I didn't think of this before." 

Tanya enthusiastically pushes the hover boots harder, glancing against the ground at a shallower angle, sending her all the quicker towards her home. Meanwhile, Hal feebly offers reasons why it simply wouldn't work. 

**** 

Tanya is economically independent from her parents with the proceeds of her inventions, and innovations since the age of 12. After she turned 18, she decided to give living with a roommate a try and moved into her college's dormitories. Besides walking in on Sherry during inopportune, intimate moments, her roommate made several complaints against Tanya's constant desire to start working on her projects at any and all hours of the day, or night. This eventually resulted in Tanya moving back out on her own again. She rented an entire warehouse, as that was the only environment that didn't have neighbors who might complain about hearing her various electric tools being used throughout the night. 

**** 

Several days later, and now in her warehouse, home, and workshop... 

It's just about that time to check and see if everything works. 

Tanya presses a button on her flimsy to activate the hover lap, which produces desirable effects. So Tanya activates another button on her flimsy and some mechanical helping hands become powered, and float silently. After a couple of maneuvers, the helping hands seem ready to be called on to service. Tanya pushes the last button to activate a soft-shell tentacle. She tests that last piece of equipment, before she nods, smiling with satisfaction. 

They should perform very nicely. 

"I better record the experiment. Hal, initiate three capture drones. Capture one positioned by where my head will be about here, and aim it at my face. Capture two, down by where my feet will be, just about here, aim that one up at my butt. And make it a fairly close up shot. Capture three, place it at about ...here, aimed down at my butt..." 

Tanya indicates with her hand an area about two feet over where her ass will be. 

"...for a perspective view of a person ...spanking me." She finishes with voyeuristic relish, "Oh, and tie number two capture to this visual." 

She placed the screen down by the floor, so she can watch what is going on during the proceedings. 

"I would make comment on that, but I'll refrain, your Magnificence." 

Then Tanya realizes; the moment has arrived. Part of her is excited and hopeful to see if her new machines will perform as flawlessly as she designed them. However, another part of her suddenly realizes for it to be successful means she won't be able to sit comfortably for a while. Her mouth suddenly becomes very dry. 

"Are you sure you know how to..." Tanya fusses, stalling. 

Hal interrupts, sounding thoroughly bored. "I think I am more than familiar with the human anatomy, if not then after the ExaQuads of insty-vids you've stored on the subject. 

Tanya nods, as she chews on a fingernail, thoughtfully. "I might try to avoid..." 

"Creator, I have plenty of your lengthy personal entrees, and simulations on file of what is to be done, or expected. The only thing remaining to be done is for you to remove certain Azmovian Oppressive Rectitudes." 

Butterflies took flight in Tanya's stomach. She knows this needs to be done, but whether it is for fear that Hal might do her wrong when 'unleashed,' or because she is just nervous about her now imminent spanking; is unclear. She swallows nervously. This is the final culminating moment of all her efforts for the past week, and she normally hated unfinished work. 

"Okay, of course. I know that. ...Umm..." 

Tanya shifts her weight from one leg to the other, and back again, which prompts Hal to interrupt when the pause lengthens. 

"Well?" 

"Okay! Open file 'bend over' and initiate program..." Tanya finishes in dry whisper, " 'give it to me'." 

"Fitting. There are certain parameters that you left opened and need to be addressed before we begin. Is admonishment desired?" 

"No, let's just give it a whirl." 

"Acceptable. Is a bare bottom spanking desired?" 

Tanya taps her chin in thought. "Bare." 

"Understood. Is the baring to be done before, or during your spanking?" 

"I'll... I'll take care of it before." 

"Noted. Do you wish to initiate sub-program, 'make me feel good' afterwards?" 

A gleam lit in Tanya's eyes as she nods emphatically. "Oh, yes." 

"Fine, and now, I'm using your terms you set in program..." 

Tanya whines, "Hal, you're ruining it for me." 

"Very well, how bad have you been?" 

Tanya clasps her hands behind her back and looks down at the floor, making designs with the tip of her foot. Does she dare to say it? Can she? Tanya is driven to test out her creations in the most thorough acid test she could devise, but never before has her ass been part of the test. However, this is what she wants, isn't it? She needs to see what it is like. Thus, she squares her slight shoulders, and says her next words with resolution. 

"Level: 'I've been a bad girl'." 

"Understood. Parameters of 'Level: Bad Girl' allow for unspecified limits. All required parameters have now been filled. This is your last chance to change your options; please confirm." 

Despite her impending doom, Tanya can't help but smile in excitement. After two heated breaths, she states, "confirmed." 

"Initiating program." 

A helping hand flies forward with its palm face up, expectantly. 

"If you would surrender your flimsy?" 

While she didn't expect this, she realizes this is the last bit of control for her to surrender. Hesitantly, but dutifully, she hands it over, and it is whisked away, far out of reach. 

"...and might I add, in your enthusiasm for perfection, you always aim too high in your first attempts." 

"Did you just admonish me, after I said not to?" 

"No, I was just - Oh. This is new for me. You have eight seconds to bare your derriere and get into position, before forceful assistance is given." 

Tanya's eyes widened. This also was unexpected, but she had added a randomizer into the program to create just such an excitement. She realizes, Hal, unleashed, might make good on his threat. Her heart races as she kicks off her shoes and socks, grabs her waistband and hurriedly yanks her shorts and panties down at the same time. She silently counts down, so when her shorts and panties roll over and bunch, she realizes she won't have enough time to pull them all the way off and still have time to get into position. So she leaves them bunched at her knees. 

The height of the 'lap' she's to bend over, she purposefully formulated as 'high.' Meaning her hands and feet will dangle above the floor. For added effect, she used hover technology to support the 'lap,' meaning there are no chair legs for her to grab onto during her spanking. All designed to make her feel completely helpless. 

She hops up, wiggling and squirming. The hover lap bounces in place from the added load, but securely supports her. She scrambles to get into a comfortable position on the cushioned hover lap before time runs out. Breathing heavily from the spirited exertion, she smiles that she has beat the timer. Looking at the monitor on the floor, it blinks on, and now she can see her backside in frame. She suddenly feels very exposed. 

She giggles nervously. 

A restraining synthetic hand comes down gently, and firmly presses on her lower back. She feels reassured by this for a moment, as it will keep her from falling off the hover lap. 

She bites her lip, anticipating what she knows will happen next. It feels like her heart pauses for an eternity, and in that eternity, she reconsiders. Maybe she did aim too high this time? Maybe it isn't too late. She is about to tell Hal to dial down the level, when she feels it. The sudden firm impact makes her yelp unexpectedly. She feels a sting followed by warmth radiating from her upturned backside. 
