 Hey guys and gals, sorry if the stat parts are ugly, apparently tabs are a nono on Literotica. If you're seeing this and haven't read part one, go do that now, or enjoy being confused...

Enjoy!

*****

Chapter Six

A popup appeared as he opened the door to an alley and looked out. He read it quickly and closed it. His starting place was Bastion, which was a heavily defended enclave in the city. The rules of the city were simple, don't get caught doing anything wrong. He walked out into a crowded street and took a look around.

There were a number of humans walking around in simple dress, as well as a few in armor and weapons who he assumed were other players. He knew he looked human too as a half-demon, so it was probably a reasonable guess. There were also some large seven foot demons walking around, presumably guards to keep some kind of order. They looked mostly human, but had reddish tinged skin, sharp teeth, clawed fingers, and short horns on their forehead.

The buildings themselves looked to be falling apart and crumbling in places. He also couldn't help but notice the human NPCs didn't seem unhappy or anything that they were in a demon enclave. From what he understood the demons and angels fought for the right to rule, and there wasn't much difference on how they treated the humans who more often than not were either just ignored, or collateral damage.

The enclave looked to be situated in a large city square, with four blocks leading away from it that had been blocked by stone walls, and had gates to leave and enter the city at large. There were a number of stalls in the street for food, weapons, maps, training, and the buildings along the block were businesses too.

There was a tavern, an inn, a brothel, a large building that was guarded with a sign food supply, and a few others including a jewelry store, magic shop, alchemist, and armorer. There was no point in shopping, he had five silver which probably wasn't much. He probably should have read the directions, or asked Genevieve a few questions, because he had no idea where to start for a level one character. He had no doubt if he picked the wrong city gate to leave out of he'd get squashed.

"You look totally lost," said a soft pleasant female voice with a hint of humor.

He turned and gave the woman a rueful smile, "First time logged in."

She was in leather armor, but it looked more like a leather bustier, and he wondered how it would protect anything at all, but in game magic was a great equalizer that way. She was five foot six, had shoulder length red hair in a ponytail, and a smirk on her cute face. Her breasts looked like they were trying to bust out, and her long creamy legs were toned. The only weapon he could see was a dagger at her waist. He did manage to keep his eyes on her face though, which sported chocolate brown eyes.

She raised an eyebrow and teased, "Really? I'd never have guessed," she giggled, "I'm Kara."

"Ted, nice to meet you Kara. Any tips for the clueless?"

He was curious what level she was, and apparently that's all he needed to do to find out. There was a popup that she was a level twenty-one demon mage.

She nodded slowly, "South gate is a good start, you'll get to level ten fairly easily in that direction. You might want to buy a newbie guide and map, it's only a couple of silver. I'd love to chat with you some more Ted," she looked me up and down in a flirty way, "But my friends and I are going on a raid. Share contacts?"

He nodded and Kara was added to his friend list. He couldn't help but watch her walk away, he wasn't sure about protection, but the bustier bodysuit did amazing things to her ass. It had been a while since an attractive woman that young had flirted with him like that so openly, it happened a lot in his early twenties, he knew he was a good looking guy. Even at forty he'd done okay that way, but not with ladies in their twenties.

He turned and walked over to the stall he'd seen. And used two of his silver to pick up a newbie guide and map of the city. The south gate led to the city's slums, and the north gate was the ritzier part of town and for high level characters only. At least, if he didn't want to die. 

The east and west gate were for middle levels. It was also possible to leave the city entirely and travel to a new one. There were warrens and sewers below the streets to explore that were very high level.

He assumed there was a lot more than what was included on the map, it was just a general map, but the specific area maps, as well as world maps, were a lot more expensive. Several gold coins in fact, so that would have to wait. He decided to review his spells quick, and then he'd head out.

Fiend fire seemed pretty simple, it would do his current intelligence in damage, plus or minus ten percent. Which right now would make it about ten to fourteen. It also cost ten mana to cast.

Summon lesser demon would summon a succubus, imp, or warrior. Imp would be like a mage so he dismissed it. The succubus had some magic too, but hers confused the enemy and gave them negatives to their attacks and damage. He almost laughed, something along the lines of her tits being too distracting he imagined given the sexual tilt to this game. 

The warriors were tougher, and hit harder than the succubus, but had no magic at all. The spell cost twenty mana and the summoned demon would stay until dismissed or killed. He decided to use the succubus unless something called for one of the others being more efficient.

He walked over to the south gate, and the demon guard sneered at him and he laughed. Right, no positive reinforcement from demons, he left the gate and immediately summoned a succubus, he figured if there was no time limit why wait for battle?

The creature looked remarkably like Genevieve, just the wings were smaller, and she was smaller over all. Sexy as hell, literally, but not as ripe either. Her armor wasn't as good either, she wore what looked like a leather G-string, and as he'd suspected her huge tits were completely bare. She looked at him and licked her lips suggestively, but she didn't say anything. 

He could continue down the street, or go to the left and right. He went straight.

His noticed his mana was recovering, but not nearly as quickly as he would have liked.

The streets were eerily empty, and when he got to the next street he peeked around the corners. To the right he saw a cart of food was being pushed by two small angels, the white wings were a dead giveaway. He studied them and there was a popup that they were level two. He considered for a moment and waited. 

One of the angels grabbed a package from the cart and headed inside a building.

He smiled, and after a muttered command, he and his succubus rushed the other angel. 

The angel's eyes widened in alarm and he pulled a shiny sword from his belt and then he called out for his partner. 

As they closed the distance, he casted fiend fire. Fire exploded from his palm and headed toward the angel, who closed his wings at the last second in front of him. The angel's wings burst into fire for a moment, and looked slightly charred but otherwise okay.

His succubus slashed with her talons, which the angel blocked with his wings again, and returned the favor with a slash from his sword. The succubus parried the strike from the angel's sword as Ted swung the staff at the angel's head, who blocked with his wings.

Crap, he'd hoped to have killed the angel by now, and his buddy would be back any moment. Still, the angel was looking a little beat up.

He casted fiend fire again, and the angel cried out as his blocking wing blackened and fell to dust.

The succubus made a sound of pleasure as she disarmed the angel, and shoved a claw into his chest.

He turned toward the door as the angel came running out with a war cry, and attacked him. He blocked the angel's first strike with his staff, and then struck back. The angel's second strike hit his side, and gave him a light wound, but the armor stopped most of the damage. He grunted, not expecting to feel actual pain, but it stung like a son of bitch. What the hell!

He took a couple of steps back and casted fiend fire, and checked his mana. He still had over fifty. He casted it again, this time the wing disintegrated. It looked like they could take two shots.

The Angel looked disoriented, and his succubus moved in for the kill and slashed the angel's throat. He checked his health, and it was down to eighty-three. His wound looked red but was slowly closing. He shook his head and looked at the succubus. She looked a little worse for wear, but was okay as well. His first battle wasn't bad, but it was harder than he'd expected.

He also checked his percentage to next level, and it was only at thirty-six percent.

He sighed and looked around, and then looted the corpses which had twenty silver each and the two swords, which had a value of two gold each. He put them in his satchel to sell later. Of course, that didn't mean the weapon dealer would buy them for that, he'd have to see. He looked into the cart and there were boxes of canned food. He considered that, and the fact that there was a guarded warehouse of food back in Bastion. Perhaps food was a big deal in this game.

It even made sense if this was a post-apocalyptic world, food would be scarce in a city.

He shrugged, and got behind the cart and started to push it back to bastion. It was heavy.

"Help me with this," he ordered.

The succubus pouted, but helped him push the cart...

The gate guard looked surprised he was back, and had a slightly more respectful look on his face.

"You bring food, excellent, here is the bounty," and he called some guards over to take the cart.

A series of popups came up.

You have completed a hidden quest and been awarded five gold and experience! (Feed the people.)

You have leveled! You are now level two!

He closed them, and moved his arm carefully. His side still hurt, but it was getting better. He had ten points to assign, and decided he needed more demons, so he put most of them in wisdom, and a couple in intelligence. Then he looked at his stats.

Endless war Stats:

Name: Ted

Race: Cambion

Lvl: 2 (TNL:86%)

Class: Demon Knight

+att/+dmg: ½

Str: 12

Mana: 140(73)

Int: 14

Health: 100 (94)

Con: 10

Summon: limit: 2/0

Wis: 20

Stamina: 100 (62)

Dex: 10

Popularity: +6 

Cha: 16

Gold: 5 

Silver: 43

He raised an eyebrow, that food cart hidden quest had almost gotten him to level three. After a moment of consideration, he summoned a demon warrior for his second follower. The succubus negative effects didn't stack, so one would take care of a whole enemy party. Although, if she were killed in battle he'd lose that advantage, so it might be handy to have two, when he could afford it. 

He shook his head in amusement, when the succubus started to flirt with and hang over the warrior. He really should have read that content warning.

He figured next time he logged in he should be fully healed and at full mana, and already have his party. Before he logged out he went over to the weapon's stall.

A very large demon with large muscles looked down on him. The NPC must have been nine feet tall. 

The demon grunted, "Can I assist you?"

He nodded, "I'd like to sell these two swords."

The demon examined them and looked at him again, "Three gold for both of them."

He'd expected as much, and simply said, "Deal."

The demon grunted and handed him three gold.

He opened the interface and clicked logout, and a warning popped up.

If you log out in town but not in an inn or home, you will not regenerate hit points, mana, or stamina. Do you wish to proceed?

He clicked no, and walked over to the inn. There were players drinking and chatting but it was running late, and he looked forward to his evening date with Mia. That thought caught him up a little short, and he shook his head in disbelief. A few days ago he wouldn't have turned down hanging with human people in a bar to spend time with an A.I., he'd have to be careful. Even Mia thought balance was important, which was one of the reasons he was in here, outside of the fact he liked gaming. But the truth was he missed his sexy A.I., and not just for eye candy or the sex.

He'd enjoyed just talking to her and her companionship. He pondered that, he'd always avoided that kind of A.I. before, he was used to a more professional relationship with the various artificial intelligences he interacted with at work. Mia was different, her function was to be his companion, or at least, one of her functions. What threw him off was it went beyond that, she seemed to really want him, and to be his. He shook his head, was overthinking it.

He rented a room for the night for five silver, and went up the stairs. As soon as he closed the door, he laid down on the bed and logged out...

 

Chapter Seven

He smiled as he felt the warmth of her soft supple body against his, and her soft blue-black hair on his neck and arm. He could even smell her wonderful scent, and felt his manhood twitch and waken. He'd forgotten she got in bed with him, and when he looked down she was naked.

Mia said softly, "Welcome home Ted."

She sighed softly in pleasure as he caressed her hair, and tilted her head up for a teasingly soft kiss. Her hand wandered down her body and teased his inner thigh, and lightly brushed his awakening manhood.

He teased, "I think you're supposed to put out after dinner, not before."

She giggled, "Woman's prerogative," and then she kissed him a bit more passionately as her hand dexterously opened his pants and pulled him out.

She slid down his body, and took him between her sexy lips and deep into her warm mouth.

He moaned as she teased his sensitive tip with swirls of her warm wet tongue, and she stroked him lightly with her right hand, adding a slight twist at the top of her stroke. He reached down and cupped the back of her head, and gathered her hair. He looked down and caught his breath at her beauty once again. She looked so damned hot with his cock in her mouth, and her eyes conveyed lust, and a mischievous joy as she played with his now fully erect sex.

She cupped his balls with the palm of her left hand, and teased his taint with her fingernails, while she continued to stroke his base in concert with her slowly bobbing head. Her blue eyes never left his.

"You're so beautiful Mia," he said with a moan. He couldn't help but arch his back and push up into her mouth a bit, but otherwise he did his best to let her control the pace and depth.

She popped off his cock, but continued to stroke it as she looked up at him.

She smiled naughtily and asked sultrily, "Do you want to fuck my tits and shoot your load all over my neck and face? I have to admit I'm curious, and my breasts are really sensitive, I know I'd love it too. Just thinking about your cock sliding between my soft mounds of flesh as I pull and twist on my nipples is getting me so hot."

She smiled wider when he twitched in her hand, and rolled over on her back.

His cock got painfully hard as she stared into her eyes, and got herself off in seconds with her fingers as she made mewling noises of pleasure. It was so damned erotic, and intense as he stared into her eyes as she lost herself in her pleasure and his gaze. He could only conclude she was as turned on by the idea as he was.

He'd never seen anything so hot as when she rubbed her soaked fingers between her breasts, spreading her own liquid pleasure as a natural lubricant while she begged him for it with her eyes. 

She said breathlessly, "Well, get over here and fuck them. They're all for you Ted."

He straddled her thin waist and leaned forward, using the headboard to support himself. She covered her tits with her hands, and stuffed his hard cock between them with her fingertips. And then squeezed her large breasts together, enveloping his sensitive length inside of her warm, silken soft breasts. She slid her hands over a bit and pinched her nipples firmly and gasped.

"Your cock is so warm, and it feels good, fuck me Ted," she begged breathlessly.

He kept his eyes locked with hers as he started to slide between her breasts, which was hot, but the peripheral view of his cock sliding between her tits raised his pleasure up a whole other level, as the tip of his cock appeared and disappeared. She winked up at him, and then tucked her head forward, and licked his tip when it peeked out from the top of her generous cleavage.

It felt incredible, and she was so beautiful, and wanton as she was obviously building up to her own orgasm as well.

She moaned and gasped, and her body arched as she came while he stroked quickly between her soft warm breasts. She pushed them even tighter together to compensate for her loss of muscle control, and it was too much for him.

He grunted, "Mia, I'm cumming!"

He wasn't even sure if she heard him, she seemed so lost in the pleasure herself. He stroked forward hard and watched as he exploded. His first shot hit her chin and her neck, and she looked down and the second one hit her cheek. She made noises of approval and leaned forward and got the tip between her lips, and caught the rest of it on her tongue, as he pumped his seed between her pouty lips.

"You're going to spoil me," he said as he came down, he couldn't remember ever having a more responsive and erotic lover in his life, Mia was amazing, and completely uninhibited. She had no reservations or hang ups and it turned him on in a big way.

He moved back and leaned down to kiss her softly, and then winked. It was his turn, and he moved down her body and between her legs. He figured by the time he made her scream a couple of times with his tongue, he'd be hard again and could take her sex, maybe doggy style this time...

She laid against him, head on his shoulder when they finished. It looked like they were having a late dinner, although technically neither of them needed it. He supposed they should though, eating was probably just as basic as sex to the human mind. It wouldn't be healthy to give up on either.

"How are you doing Ted?" she asked softly, as she traced the muscles in his chest and stomach with a light touch of her fingertips.

He smirked and shook his head, "You are a real woman aren't you?" he asked half accusingly and half amused, "Now you want to talk about my feelings?"

She slapped his chest playfully and said, "Behave Ted. Yes, I am a real woman, but besides that I'm also responsible for your mental health. Your mind and body seem okay, balanced hormones, and are flooded with oxytocin and endorphins at the moment. Chemically your body and mind are healthy. But I'm not a mind reader, this is a huge change for you, I want to know how you're dealing with it."

He frowned, "So you're my lover, doctor, and psychiatrist?" he groaned.

She snickered and giggled into his neck, "Pretty much, except most psychiatrists don't talk to their clients during after sex cuddling. And, you forgot chef. Talk to me. Please," she added sweetly and kissed his chest.

He ran his fingers down her back, and then reached down further and smacked her ass.

"No fair using your womanly wiles to get me to talk."

She lifted her head and smirked, "I'm a woman remember, we cheat. And Ted? Next time you spank me, do it like you mean it."

He chuckled, "Fine. Honestly I've been trying not to think of the fact that I'm really a quadriplegic stuck in a pod the size of a coffin, probably for the rest of my life. This feels and seems so real, like it's really my home and not some virtual construct, and you my sexy sweet temptress are a hell of a distraction. The game was kind of fun too."

He pulled her tighter against him and kissed her forehead.
