 CHAPTER TWO: Ooni and Pleck's Mischief

While Teedla flew off to brood in the trees and plot a way to make up for her failure with the muckdweller, her sister, Ooni was up to no good. Ooni was about to enter a human cottage. The cottage near the dark woods of Glenn Valley was far from civilization. The woodsmen had moved his family a bit too far in the wild lands and built the cottage. As the family slept in the early morning hours, Ooni and her friend, Pleck, crept to the small cottage with pranks on their minds. They flew through a hole near the roof that the woodsman had put there for ventilation. 

Ooni was smaller than her sister and instead of blue coloring, she had light purple wings with large gold spots on them. Her short bushy hair on her head matched the purple wings and her eyes glimmered with gold. She only wore a tight slip-like gown that went to her knees. It too was gold and would shimmer in the sunlight. 

Pleck was her best friend and he was a male faery, and at six inches in height, he was a good head taller than Ooni. His hair was light brown and was mostly hidden by his green hat made out of an oak leaf. His tunic was made of birch bark, and slung over his shoulder was a satchel containing potent pixie dust.

Standing on the foot board of a bed they surveyed the family of sleeping humans. Ooni pointed to another bed that contained the woodsman's oldest son, Jack, who was almost nineteen years old and was snoring lightly as he slept on his back. Pleck nodded with a sly grin and they flew quietly to Jack's bed. It took both of them to lift the heavy blankets, but soon they were crawling and wriggling under the sheets. Between Jack's long hairy legs they went, trying desperately not to giggle. To combat the darkness under the covers, both faeries glowed a soft light.

They finally reached their destination when they reached Jack's crotch. Crouching low, they inspected Jack's sleeping manhood. Soft and limp, Jack's penis was barely two inches long, and it was draped across his hairy scrotum and testicles.

Pleck was looking at as if he was an art critic inspecting a new painting.

"It needs some work." Ooni whispered.

Pleck nodded his head in agreement. "What would mortals do without us?" Pleck asked as he opened the bag of pixie dust.

"Their lives would be soooooo boring." Ooni smiled as she crawled up onto Jack to straddle his penis. She threw one leg on either side of him and reached down with both hands to pull up his cockhead. Compared to Ooni, Jack's penis was the size of a very long watermelon. She carefully exposed his pink glands at the head of his penis. The heavy blankets were forcing her down onto the hot length of flesh.

Pleck took a handful of shimmering powder and dusted Jack's limp penis with it. "With this pixie dust I sprinkle, on this mortal man's dinkle." Pleck sang softly, "Make his manhood brave, make his manhood crave. To break this fun curse of meat, he must accomplish a brave feat!"

Ooni winked at Pleck, and then they both crawled out of the covers proud of their new prank. They would follow this mortal on his daily chores and hope that the entertainment would bring of a few laughs.

Later that morning, the woodsman's family was up and going. Jack was preparing to deliver a load of firewood to Farmer Glendale in exchange for a few chickens and eggs. The cart he had to pull was soon loaded, and after he ate breakfast with his family he went out to make his delivery.

All morning since he had awoke, he had a strange feeling in his groin. Even when he began to pull the cart up the dirt path, he felt something amiss in his trousers. His penis begin to throb to life and swell. He was thankful he was away from his family as he pulled the cart with a full erection. No travelers ventured down the path, but if they had, they would have been greeted by Jack with a lump in his crotch.

"All right now!" He said to himself, "I cannot walk up to Farmer Glendale's with this monster in my pants."

When he was a good distance from his family's cottage and sure no one had followed, he undid his pants. Without his knowledge, Ooni and Pleck had followed him and were setting just a several feet away in a bush watching him pull his penis into view. They giggled quietly as he took his swollen penis, about 6 inches long, and began pumping it in his fist.

Jack had never done this when on an errand, but had on several occasions masturbated in the privacy of his family's small barn. He concentrated on how it felt to squeeze the tip in his hand and then to help speed things along, he pictured Farmer Glendale's daughter, Gretchen. Gretchen was almost twenty years old and quite a beauty. Plus, besides Mrs. Glendale, Gretchen was the only female he had seen outside his family. Jack thought of Gretchen's milky white bosom, which he had seen half exposed and pushed up by her tight bodice. As his mind recalled her shapely figure, his hand pumped faster on his ridged member.

"He is working that thing too fast." Pleck noticed.

"Soon he'll be spent." Ooni said with a disapproving frown, "See? He is about to shoot."

They watched from their hidden spot as Jack grunted. He slowed his hand's pace after a stream of sperm spilt on to the path. As Jack caught his breath, his penis dripped a few more pearly white droplets to the ground. He looked down to pull his pants back up and blinked. His penis looked a bit larger now. It had grown almost a half an inch in length and a bit thicker due to the faery prank.

"Oh no!" Jack exclaimed pulling his pants over his slightly larger penis making an even larger bulge. "This is not good." 

After several minutes his erection did not subside. He began wondering how he could hide his erect situation from Farmer Glendale if it did not shrink back. Hoping that it would not be a problem, Jack continued on his way pulling the cart as his vulgar bulge throbbed. 

Halfway through the morning, he spotted the farm up head. He did not need to look down to see if he was still erect, because he could feel his hard penis straining against the fabric of his trousers. Glancing around for any of Farmer Glendale's family near the wooded path, Jack had decided he would try one more time to relieve himself. He ducked behind a tree and once again undid the laces of his pants.

The two faeries were closer to Jack then last time. This time they perched directly above him on a tree limb looking down upon him. They held their tiny hands over their giggling mouths to avoid getting caught. 

Jack pulled his ridged penis free and was still amazed that it had grown. He looked at it for several seconds, then took it in his right hand and squeezed it. He moaned, and with that moan he began masturbating at a fast speed. The faeries watched as he spit a glob of saliva on the tip for lubrication and kept beating his penis in his tight fist.

Again he pictured Gretchen Glendale in his mind as he masturbated. This time he imagined her undressing before him, and he tried to picture what her body would look like nude. He already had seen half her breasts from her low cut dresses, but he had to invent the rest of her. As he pictured her face in his mind, her brown eyes and full lips surrounded by blonde hair, he felt a climax about to erupt. 

"Ungh!" He groaned as he shot out onto the leaves on the forest floor.

His eyes open and he saw glob after glob of semen shoot from his penis. At least three times as much sperm dropped to the ground than his first ejaculation! "Why so much a second time??" He asked himself as he panted with deep breathes. Suddenly, as Jack looked at the large amount of sperm at his feet, his penis grew again in thickness and about a half inch in length.

"This cannot be happening!" Jack exclaimed as he held his still rock hard, but foreign penis. "What am I going to do?"

Thinking quickly, Jack pulled his now 7 inch penis up to his belly and laced his pants up so it held his member uncomfortably to himself. He looked down and saw the long bulge, but he was thankful that at least it was not poking up in his pants like an horizontal tent.

After Jack left, the faeries flew down to his sperm as it slowly soaked into the leaves. "Its a lot of spunk! Wanna play in it?" Ooni asked her partner in mischief.

"No, not yet. There will be so much more later." Pleck pointed out. Pleck started to fly after Jack when Ooni hurled a handful of warm sperm at his back. He felt it splatter as Ooni laughed behind him. "Awwww, come on, Ooni! We're gonna miss the fun stuff at the farm."

"Alrighty," She giggled, "He might try to hump a pig, let's go!"

Jack took the cart and pulled it from the woods down to Farmer Glendale's farm. As he walked up several of the farmer's children ran out to greet him. Jack tried to keep his bulge hidden as he unloaded the cart, and the small children did not seem to notice. As he finished stacking the wood, Farmer Glendale and his son Hans, who was as old as Jack, arrived with four chicken cages with two chickens in each.

"Afternoon, Jack, how's your family?" The older farmer asked.

"Just fine, sir." Jack replied loading the cart, with his back to the farmer.

"Will ya stay and eat lunch with us, Jack?" Farmer Glendale asked.

"Uh, no, no thank you, my father has many more chores for me yet today."

"Well, we'll get your chickens and eggs loaded so you can head back." Farmer Glendale said with a bit disappointment in his voice.

From the doorway opposite of the farmer, Gretchen stood watching as her mother prepared a basket of eggs for Jack. Jack had not yet noticed her, but Gretchen noticed that Jack was trying to hide something from her father. After watching for a few minutes, she giggled when whe realized he was trying to hide an erection. When he turned to start pulling the cart, she could easily see his lump in the middle of his crotch pointing up to his belly. Despite being engaged to Fenwick Sutter, a soldier in the King's army, she felt a twinge of lust for Jack.

The two faeries from their hidden position could see all as well. They delighted in Jack's uncomfortable situation and smiled knowingly as they spotted Gretchen in the doorway. As Jack finished loading the cages on the cart, the faeries noticed Gretchen slip back inside, but she did not return with the basket of eggs.

"I have to be off, good Mr. Glendale, tell your wife I said hello." Jack said hurriedly as he pulled the cart back towards the path to the woods.

"Good journey, Jack." Farmer Glendale waved as Jack picked up speed. The farmer turned to his son, "Hans, Jack seemed a bit peculiar to day to me."

"Yes, sir." His son nodded.

Gretchen stood inside the door for a few seconds allowing Jack to get up the path, then she exited with the basket. "Father, where's Jack?" She asked innocently.

"Oh! He just hit the woods. Hans, you go with your sister to get those eggs to Jack." The Farmer said not totally trusting his wild daughter's motives.

"Yes, father."

As the two headed after Jack, Gretchen whispered to her brother, "Something is odd about young Jack. Let's see what he is up to." 

As they walked up the path, Hans could see Jack's cart pulled over to the side. "Shhh, let's see why he stopped." He whispered to his sister.

In the tree branches, the faeries watched with amusement as the brother and sister crept behind the wooden cart laden with chicken cages. As the Glendale's peered around the cart, Jack was furiously trying to undo his pants. His hands clawed at his laced up trousers, and he was so preoccupied that he did not see Gretchen and Hans approaching. He pulled his still raging erection out of his pants and began to try and ease his aching by masturbating.

"See, Hans?" Gretchen whispered to her brother, "Poor Jack is overcome with lust."

Hans nodded in agreement as he watched Jack shamelessly pull on his penis.

Gretchen had seen a couple of male sex organs, and this one seemed average to her. What was exciting to her was how frantic Jack seemed to masturbate. Why did he come to our farm so randy? Why could he not wait till he got home? She asked herself.

Pleck looked at the expression on Gretchen's face and turned to Ooni to say, "She won't require any of this." he patted the satchel of pixie dust. Ooni nodded in agreement and grinned as she leaned down from the branch to watch.

Jack's face was flushed red as his fist rapidly pumped his engorged member. Oblivious to his growing audience, he brought himself to another orgasm. Four or five thick spurts of semen shot out of him onto the path.

"Zounds!" Jack gasped, "More than ever before!"

Gretchen and Hans' view was blocked so they could not see the incredible amount of fluids Jack had spilt, but as he turned to the cart they could see his penis twitch and suddenly increase in size. Jack too felt it grow in his hand again instead of going limp. He could not believe his eyes as he looked down to see an even bigger penis in his hand. It was just as hard as it was before.

"How will I fit this beast back into my trousers?" He asked himself aloud.

"Come on, Hans." Gretchen whispered as she pulled her brother around the cart. "Maybe we can help, Jack." She smiled.

"What?!?" Jack jumped back, startled. He yanked his pants up and turned away. "You followed me? You saw. . ."

Ooni and Pleck were clapping in approval above them, but were unheard by the mortals.

"Yes." She smiled at his discomfort, "You forgot these." She held up the basket of eggs. Gretchen looked twice to see if her eyes were lying when she saw the large amount of cum on the dirt path.

"Sorry to catch you at such an....awkward moment." Hans said as embarrassed as Jack was.

"Well, I, uh...." Jack stammered.

"Yes, we did notice you seemed over come with lust today," Gretchen grinned, "And we see that your efforts have not caused the lust to subside." She pointed to his half hidden erection.

Jack sighed. "The worse part is it keeps getting worse. . .and larger." He admitted, "And I don't know what to do."

Gretchen was still grinning as she looked at the two uncomfortable young men. "I know nothing of the anatomy of men, but perhaps Hans can help you. Seeing how he has the same general equipment." She pushed her brother at Jack.

"What can I do?" Her brother protested.

She pulled her brother with her as she made Jack sit on a stump, putting his head level to her breasts. They appeared to be trying to peek out of her bodice at Jack, and his penis throbbed as he stared.

"Jack, Jack, don't try to peek at my cleavage. You'll just make matters worse." She grinned as he tore his eyes away. "Now move your hands."

When Jack obeyed, his penis sprang up out his pants and into full view.

"What do you think, Hans?" She asked, pulling her brother over closer to peer at the erection.

"Looks normal to me." He guessed.

"Have you climaxed before this one?" Gretchen asked.

"This was the third today." Jack confessed.

"Three times?" Hans asked disbelivingly.

"Poor Jack, your arm must be exhausted, and you still have to pull the cart home." Gretchen sounded almost sincere.

"He must be out of seed by now." Hans guessed again.

They all three stared at Jack's throbbing penis. It was still rock hard, red, and glistening with fresh semen.

"How much has it grown?" Gretchen asked curiously.

"An inch or two, I think, and its a bit thicher." Jack answered. "But it still aches. I feel I need to. . .touch it." His hand started to move to his penis.

"No, no." Gretchen said as she pulled Jack's hand away. "Let us try to figure out what this is all about. Hans, you work his, uh, cock, and let's see if things change."

"Me? Why me?" Hans asked, shocked at her request.

"I've caught you a few times in the shed, so I know you know how to work one." Gretchen said with gleam in her eyes.

"It's not necessary, really." Jack protested about the idea of other male touching him.

"No, Hans, right now." She insisted.

Hans obeyed and took the thick penis in his hand. Hans knelt in front of Jack as he gripped the penis. He slowly pumped the penis up and down. Jack groaned when Hans' hand squeezed the tip. Gretchen sat on the nearby cart wheel and watched with perverse delight as her brother manipulated another man's penis. She was thinking of how she could get the two young men to suck each other for her viewing pleasure.

Jack glanced at Gretchen and was shocked to see her brown eyes twinkling. Her eyes met his and she said, "Just relax, Jack, and let it come out."

"I-I think I'm too embarrassed." He stammered. "I'm not used to an audience."

"Faster, Hans." She suggested, "Fondle his balls with your other hand."

Hans reluctantly followed his willful sister's instructions. Jack groaned louder.

"I'll help too." Gretchen leaned closer to Jack while setting on the rim of the wheel, "Look over here, Jack. Maybe these will help your lust." She loosened her corset and pulled the top of her dress down. Jack's jaw dropped as he squirmed on the stump. His fantasies were coming true as she allowed her breasts to spill into view. Jack's eyes widened at the sight of them. Her puffy pink nipples seemed to be staring back at him. To make matters worse, Gretchen cupped them with both hands and lifted them as if she was offering them to him. When she dropped them with a bounce, Jack felt his orgasm take control of his body. She felt proud at the thought of the sight of her body bringing him to climax. 

Pleck's eyes widened, "Look at those mountains!" He hissed to Ooni. Ooni looked down at her own shapely, but minature body, and playfully slapped Pleck.

"I'm cumming!" Jack warned as Hans continued to stroke him. As Jack moaned, his semen shot over Hans' shoulder. Hans leaned to one side as the next few spurts shot past him.

"Oh my!" Gretchen blurted when she saw the amount of sperm erupting from Jack.

Hans squeezed the rest out, which ran in milky white rivers across his fingers and down Jack's scrotum. All three watched intently, and were rewarded with Jack's penis twitching and then suddenly growing to almost nine inches.

"Oh no." Jack groaned.

"It's bewitched!" Hans exclaimed.

The two faeries giggled above them.

Gretchen tucked her breasts partially back into her now loose dress top, allowing her nipples to peek out over the edge. "It cannot keep growing, it just cannot." She moved next to the stump. "Lie back, Jack. We will beat this out of you, so to speak."

Jack leaned back with his buttocks on the stump and his back on the ground which thrust his penis up to the sky. He was so embarrassed, but hoped the Glendale siblings could help.

"Do it again, Hans. Keep doing it." Gretchen sat closer. 

As Hans began pumping Jack's penis with both hands, Gretchen reached down to pull Jack's trousers and boots off. She then began caressing his inner thighs and fondled his aching testicles, lightly squeezing them from time to time. Hans gripped the now thicker cock across from his sister and noticed that while her right hand caressed Jack, her left hand was sliding up her thigh pulling her skirts up. Hans tried not watch but could not help it when Gretchen reached her vagina with her dainty fingers. She was focused on Jack's penis not Hans, so Hans was able to watch as she cupped her hand to her crotch. The sight of her golden brown pubic hair and her finger slowly digging into her slit made Hans' own penis begin to swell. 

Over the next fifteen minutes, Hans and Gretchen were able to make Jack climax two more times. His sperm splashed primarily on Hans, his sleeves and shoulder as he leaned in to pump Jack's penis. The faeries watched each eruption like they were at a fireworks show. Each blast seemed to drain Jack more and his penis grew after each.

Jack laid across the stump exhausted and almost comatose from the drain on his system. Gretchen had her brother stop after Jack's fifth orgasm of the day. Jack's penis was now almost ten inches long and almost as thick as a person's wrist at the base. Soaked in sperm, Hans stood up and stumbled back. Gretchen glanced away from the mammoth penis and noticed Hans now had an erection bulging in his trousers. 
