 This post is starting the second book. I figured it would be easier just to keep the same numbering scheme so there's no confusion to reading order for late comers that read the story.

Chapter One

It'd just been a couple of weeks since Ted Stedman's death.

So far Ted hadn't noticed much of a difference. Really, none at all. Whatever breakthroughs Trudy and the others had made in digitization of a human mind had obviously worked. There were a few small differences of course, his mind or whatever it should be called now was running on a core computer matrix almost identical to an A.I.s, and the systems that governed that... consciousness, were completely transparent to him. He couldn't control it, or do things with a thought like the other A.I.s could. He was the same that way.

Really, it was just his dreams that were different. He didn't really need sleep anymore, it was more like what the AIs did, he went into a kind of sleep mode that committed his short term memory to long term storage, did a backup, and optimized his short term memory. Yeah, he was still sorry he'd asked, and honestly computer programing wasn't his forte anyway, it was electrical engineering and circuitry, so Trudy had lost him at some point in the conversation.

She might as well have just told him it did stuff and he was good.

The point was, he hadn't changed all that much, legally dead or not. However, a great many things had changed around him. The ship was still on Mars, but great strides had been made on the planet itself in a very short time. Not to mention the ship was crawling with androids. Fifty or so on the ship itself, and two hundred on the surface.

And they were all absolutely gorgeous females, and very grateful. Extremely grateful.

He'd carefully considered the matter, and even discussed it with Mia. While it was healthy for him to have his three A.I. lovers, and even to have his friendship with benefits with Kara and Nicci, and even his fling with Dr. Trent that had grown into something more serious, it wasn't a good idea for him to just randomly sleep around. 

To sink into that kind of debauchery did have its appeal in a way, but would have been unhealthy, and ultimately meaningless. Multiple partners were healthy, but meaningless sex really wasn't. He was also more than satisfied with what he already had that way. 

For one, he didn't have the time, the five woman in his life kept him busy enough that way. Sometimes he wondered if he was even good enough for them all, or gave them enough attention as it was. He didn't need to split his time further, or even have more demands on it. He also still missed Silvia. It had been two weeks, and even he hadn't realized how close he'd gotten to, or had cared about, the young, brilliant, and exotically beautiful doctor.

Well, young compared to his forty-three years anyway, but not to his twenty-four-year appearance. Although, the sexy thirty-five-year-old doctor probably could pass for twenty-four still. She had that exotic beauty, and perfect skin that aged well, plus she kept herself in limber shape as he remembered fondly.

So he smiled, nodded, and even waved and said hello to the beautiful woman around him in acknowledgement when it was called for, but didn't partake of the pleasurable reward they so obviously offered him, no doubt for his instrumental work in freeing them to build their own society on Mars. In short, he'd adopted a look but don't touch policy toward them.

Even the surface was coming along. They didn't have enough satellites to protect the entire planet from radiation yet, but within the first week they'd had enough in a low enough orbit thanks to artificial gravity station keeping, that the EM field could protect a five-kilometer dome and a large area around it as well.

The dome itself had been fabricated that same week, just a double layer of thin carbon which was something like ninety-five percent transparent. The rest of the week more and more androids had been built, loaded with an Earth A.I., and sent down there working to put up buildings. So far all they were doing was putting up shells, much like the ship he'd built, they were simply inflated, with all the electrical, piping, data ports, and other types of building infrastructure built in.

They were even using artificial gravity to excavate, and several buildings were going up a day. They didn't have power yet, or furniture, they were just shells for now, but an amazingly large number of them had been built already.

Of course, it was all through no effort of his own. His part was finished, they had a plan and they were sticking to it. His job was over. They didn't need him anymore. At least, for their city plan. He wasn't disheartened, although at times he did wish he could be more useful. That said, he was keeping busy in other ways.

His two major jobs for the moment seemed to be keeping his ladies happy, both physically and emotionally, and learning. That's what he spent his mornings on now, instead of work, he'd gone back to school so to speak. An advantage to his digitization, was his memory. He might not feel any different, but his mind was sharper. He had the fabled eidetic memory now, which as far as he was aware only existed in science fiction. 

He only had to read something once, and it was his forever to recall. That made his education move along rather more quickly than his college days, even if he was twenty years older. That's how he'd been spending his morning. 

Although he was legally dead, he also had no money problems. He wouldn't be making any more of course, they didn't pay out royalties to dead people, but Trudy had managed to keep the initial payout. He wasn't sure how exactly, but she'd done some magic and he still had money on Earth. Not that he really planned on going back there or anything, but if he did, he wouldn't be destitute.

His afternoons hadn't changed much at all. He'd been logging into The Endless War game. In an effort to keep his level with theirs, he'd only been fighting the days Nicci and Kara showed up, and then they'd go back and get a room for some mind blowing sex. They weren't there that often, so he'd struck up a casual friendship with Bill, Tom, Kathy and Ray. Usually one or more would be around, and it was a great way to decompress without any expectations.

He'd never complain about his ladies, he cared for them very much and would do anything for them, but there was a certain expectation placed upon him. Not by them, they were great, but by himself. He always felt like he had to be his best, and give them all his best when they were together. The fact that he wanted to and enjoyed it, didn't change the fact that it was a stressor.

Most guys had trouble with one woman, he was trying to fully satisfy Trudy, Mia, and Helen on all levels, and then Nicci and Kara on a physical level with no other expectations, except perhaps an easy going friendship. So... he needed decompression time, and the game fit the bill.

His nights had changed a great deal. He no longer primarily stayed with Mia, they pretty much shared him that way. In reality him and the other four were on the ship in the one bedroom, but virtually he usually took one of them on a date, and wound up cuddling with and falling asleep with them in the virtual world. Kind of a three-night rotation.

They didn't go on dates all the time either, that would have been too much, sometimes it was just a night in. Of course, he saw them all in the mornings when he logged out, even if just for a few minutes. He supposed it was a good system, and since they were sharing him it seemed reasonable to let them set up the system to do so, and control his schedule in that way.

As for what was happening on the big blue ball, he may have been legally dead, but he was also wanted by the government. He hadn't logged into his android at Cyber Dreams since the pod incident. The government didn't really know what was going on yet, they hadn't figured out it was an A.I. revolution at all. They just thought he was up to something.

They'd questioned Trudy and Helen several times though, about my actions at work. Luckily, they were so far off in their assumptions that they hadn't asked any of the right questions. Since A.I.s can't lie, they might get suspicious when they either refused to answer, and very angry if they told the truth.

That wouldn't last long though, he knew part of the plan was declaring Mars an A.I. planet. Not that they wouldn't welcome a human visitor, but the laws and government on Mars would be theirs. Point being, so far the A.I.s were safe on Earth, and no action had been taken against them as a result. 

It almost boggled his mind they hadn't figured it out, but from the outside it had kind of looked to be just him. Except he knew he hadn't been capable of pulling it off, but they didn't know that.

He missed Silvia, but he also missed Jennifer. They hadn't slept together, and he doubted they ever would. She wasn't the type to give in to casual sex, and most likely wouldn't tolerate sharing him. He wasn't sure that Silvia was either, theirs had just been an affair, he'd been nothing but comfort sex and an ear for Silvia to bend as her world crashed around her. 

At least, in the beginning that was the way of it. 

It had gotten rather more complicated, and then ended rather suddenly when he left Earth. Trudy had also told him a few days ago that Silvia no longer worked at the company, and that she'd only stayed as long as she had to oversee his pod. As far as he knew, she believed he was dead, the government wasn't sharing their suspicions.

The point was, before his thoughts went far afield, was that Jen was just a good friend, one that he'd gotten used to seeing every day at work for a long time. He simply missed her. The sweet smile, and her presence. He shrugged, there was no point dwelling, he doubted he'd ever see her again.

As for Sara, well that fucking bitch could rot in hell for all he cared. 

Yes, he'd screwed up, and apparently had been right when he'd thought she might be a stalker as well. Sara had seen him and Silvia in a compromising position. Her aggressive sexual behavior, and the attachment to him had obviously been the actions of a stalker that had targeted him. 

He felt stupid for not noticing that, but he'd been getting laid left and right at the time and had let his dick think for him. He'd pegged her as a kinky slut, a wild young woman that desired to fuck the first ever human android who also happened to have a huge dick, but he couldn't have been more wrong.

Apparently from her point of view, they'd been a young couple in love. 

As a result, Sara had sabotaged his pod, and deliberately set up that power surge. She'd done it in a way that bypassed the safety and diagnostic protocols. Protocols that she was intimately familiar with as Dr. Trent's assistant. Apparently, in her mind he'd cheated on her, and broken her heart. Yes, his actions had been wrong, and stupid, but hardly a reason for her to kill him. Investigators had found the evidence, and apparently she'd admitted it. 

He hadn't heard the exact verbiage, Helen wouldn't give it to him, she'd just shared the basics. She apparently had gone on about what a cheating bastard he was, and her words about Silvia had been even more unkind. So she'd killed him to get back at them both. A final nail in the coffin of Silvia's life work, and of course, it was supposed to end his life. Apparently, if Sara couldn't have him, no one could. 

The crazy bitch was in jail right now, without bail, and scheduled for her grand jury hearing soon.

All he knew for sure, was that he'd be forever grateful that Mia had the foresight to set up his backups like that for digitization, or he really would be worm food...

 

Chapter Two

He smiled widely as Trudy walked into their bedroom. It was Sunday night, and it was time for their date. Trudy had stormy gray eyes, long golden blonde hair, and an adorably cute heart shaped face. Below her neck, she had a body built for sin. Her double D breasts were amazingly pert and supple for their size, fully rounded with pink eraser sized nipples. Below that she had a mouth wateringly thin waist and flat stomach, which curved back out into luscious thighs and a very nice ass.

In the past she'd have no doubt been wearing something ridiculously sexy, from daisy duke shorts and a halter top, to an elegant red, black, or blue dress that showed off her curves. Of course, this was the real world, and she'd been working hard. She was wearing loose jeans and a red shirt which was clingy and tight, as well as a light protective jacket. She also had a dirt smudge on her cheek, which actually made her look even better.

What always took him by surprise was she looked even more beautiful when dressed down and flawed in some way, even just a dirt smudge, she was just that stunningly gorgeous, that any flaw made it seem more real. Although he admitted to himself, all the female A.I.s were that way, gorgeous that is. But it was different for his three, there was the emotional component and connection which made it... more.

Over the past two weeks he'd also been making headway with his mental problems. He didn't love her yet, but he did feel tender and protective feelings rise up in his chest at the sight of her face. She didn't quite intimidate him as much either. He'd like to say he'd evolved, but that would be a lie. 

To his shame, it was his improved memory retention and learning speed that had made the most difference there in his progress. Now he actually thought he'd be able to catch up with her mathematical theories, and truly be a help as a lab partner, as well being as her lover. Regardless, he was happy he started to have deeper feelings for her, even if the reasons for the breakthrough were shallow in and of themselves. He hoped he'd eventually grow for real, but until then he'd take it.

He leered at her up and down, "You look amazing."

She blushed, but then stood on her toes and did a little pirouette, and fluttered her eyelashes at him.

"You think so? I think my lover might object to your advances."

He raised an eyebrow, "That idiot? He'll never find out," he said with waggled eyebrows, and then he took her in his arms and kissed her.

She giggled and pushed him away, "I stink Ted."

He pulled her back and kissed her breathless, his hands roamed her back lightly and teasingly.

"So wash up before our date?"

It was a valid question, she'd be flawless for their online date, no matter how sweaty or dirty she was out here.

She nodded, "I feel yucky, but we got a lot done today."

He smiled, "Allow me to assist," he offered not so gallantly, and they took a quick shower. Unfortunately, this was real life so their water supply was limited, no playtime under the hot water. But they did get each other's backs and other hard to reach areas.

Then they laid down in the bed and entered the virtual world. Helen and Mia were still working. Helen was in charge of Mars security, though she had help, and Mia was pretty much the head shrink. He was still her primary concern, both as a lover and a patient, but the truth was even A.I.s needed to talk on occasion, and moving to another planet during a bloodless and silent rebellion qualified for a stressful change.

Regardless, Trudy and he would be alone and sleeping in the bed while on their online date, and the other two would only join them when they needed to process downtime. They usually set it up so they'd be coming out of it when he logged out to start the next day. So they'd at least see each other for a few minutes.

He'd expected to appear on Earth, but as he turned in amazement, he knew he'd never seen a city like this before. They were surrounded by high rise buildings all in one piece, the windows were like the carbon allotrope dome, see through, but the rest of the buildings' walls were opaque. The streets... there were none. Between the buildings there were brick paths between grass, bushes, and trees.

There were cars, but they didn't need roads, and they all looked like the little ship Mia and him had taken to the virtual space station over Saturn. There were many different colors, even slightly different shapes. The only real indication this wasn't Earth, outside of the radically different architecture, was that he could make out Olympus Mons in the distance between a couple of buildings.

The cars also landed and parked on the roofs of the buildings so never actually even landed at street level. Between the buildings was nothing but nature, and walking paths. No pollution, no graffiti or worn down brickwork. The city was stunning.

He turned to a smiling Trudy and took her hand, "This is amazing, and so are you."

Trudy was dressed in a light blue summer dress, and white open toed three inch heeled sandals. It was quite conservative for her, but still showed off her assets quite well. She looked, absolutely dazzling.

She kissed him softly, "We all had ten years to design it. For a couple of hundred million androids that's a whole lot of time."

He grinned, "I imagine so," he said lightly, "Show me around?"

She squeaked cutely in excitement, "I hoped you'd ask that."

She took him on a tour of several city blocks. She never once released his hand, while they toured. The city was a circle which measured five kilometers' in diameter, so he didn't see it all, but he was blown away by the details he did see. She showed him apartment high rises, a government building, a large consulate building for Earth visitors, a larger park with trees, bushes, and benches. Shops where anything designed could be fabricated if the resources were available.

He also found out the reason the cars had different shapes was when an A.I. got their ship they could design their own, as long as it didn't violate certain size constraints. Mostly, if it could fit in a parking spot, and was less than nine feet high, it was all good. 

Of course, everything in the city was free, and it was mostly all living spaces. He also saw there were restaurants, apparently even though android bodies didn't need food for sustenance, the A.I.s still wanted to enjoy food at times.

Outside of the small government building, just one of them, there were no office type buildings at all. It was all just places to live and entertaining things to do, along with the beauty of nature. Of course, the A.I.s would be working on Earth. This place was their home to spend off time. He wondered what would happen to the A.I.s sense of worth if the Earth rejected them after discovering that they'd made this move without permission.

Would they have an existential crisis? 

He didn't know, but they were entirely too alive and human for him to believe it couldn't happen. He supposed they'd just have to find another purpose besides serving humanity. Then of course, he got the biggest surprise of all.

She took him home, their new home.

They walked into one of the high rises, and took an artificial gravity shaft to the top floor. Which was apparently theirs. The whole floor. One side of it was lab spaces, assumingly for him to work with Trudy on things after he'd caught up to her knowledge. There was a very large shared lab space, and two smaller personal spaces.

The other side of the floor was their actual townhouse, it had six bedrooms, three baths, a full sized kitchen and then some, and a cavernously large living room. The master bedroom had a monstrous bed in it that made him smile.

"Why so big?"

Helen smiled and shrugged lightly, "We figure some nights we'll all be sleeping together, but the three of us also have our own rooms. Honestly we'll probably just use the closets to keep our clothes, but sometimes we'll want alone time with you, and the others will have to be somewhere."
