 Chapter Nine

He took a deep breath in as he softly touched her inner thighs. She moaned in her sleep, and opened her legs for him. He was pretty sure she wasn't faking it as well, since his senses were pretty good nowadays. He figured this was a nice opportunity for him to perform a happy wake up call. He let out a sound of approval at her scent, and started to tease her labia with a few light licks of his tongue.

Apparently, she wasn't as sound a sleeper as he was, because he'd barely started to explore the folds of her sex when he heard her heart beat pickup, and felt her hands entwine in his hair.

"Ted, god your tongue feels so good," she said in a half sleepy and half breathless voice.

He teased her entrance with his fingertips while he teased her clit hood with his tongue for a few moments, and then worked a finger teasingly between her soft tight and moist labia. He teased her for a long time, exploring all of her silken folds.

She sighed in pleasure, arched her back and pushed against his face and finger, and he pushed a second finger in, and curled them to massage the walls of her sex, while he slipped his tongue under the hood and flicked her clit once.

She gasped and whispered the words every man wants to hear, "Ted, fuck... come up here and fuck me. I need you in me, now."

He sucked in her clit, and tapped it with his tongue, while he started to rub and tap her G-spot. He'd fuck her, but he wanted to taste her morning liquid pleasure first.

She arched her back and gasped in a breath, "Ted!" and he held her still as she trembled and exploded into bliss.

He licked her softly on the outside of her lips to bring her down slowly, as well as clean her liquid pleasure of her silken sex, and then lifted his head.

He said firmly, "Turn over."

Her eyes widened in lust, and she flipped over and got on her hands and knees, and arched her back and waved her exposed sex at him in invitation.

He caressed her sexy waist, and squeezed her ass he lined up with her heaven. He reached up, grabbed a handful of her beautiful brown hair, and then slid inside her welcoming grasping pussy almost without resistance as she gasped and pushed back at the same time. 

She was so tight, but also slick and ready.

He waited for a moment for her to get used to his cock filling and stretching her out. Then he pulled sharply back on her hair and started to nail her hard and fast from behind without warning. He pulled his seven and some odd inches all the way out to the tip, and thrust forward as Silvia moaned in approval of his rough treatment and started to buck back against him.

She said in a breathy sultry voice, "Fuck me Ted, I love you, and I love when you fuck me. You're cock is so big, and it... oh god Ted... yes... harder!"

She started to buck back against him even harder as their bodies slapped together, and then he felt her tighten around him as she cried out in pleasure. Her body stopped moving at that point, but she couldn't fall or anything, he had one hand holding her hip, and one pulling on her hair, so he was able to continue to drill her hard and fast through her orgasm.

When she rolled right into a second, his explosion of bliss came unbidden and without warning. She just felt that damned good. He stretched her out further as he expanded and exploded within a single moment as the pleasure overwhelmed his body and mind. 

She was so damned sexy, beautiful, and wanton he couldn't have helped it, and he filled her up with his seed.

They both collapsed onto the bed and she snuggled up against him.

She purred, "Good morning Ted."

He kissed her softly before he said tenderly, "Good morning Silvia."

She sighed in a mixture of pleasure at what they'd just done, and mild disappointment, "I suppose I have to let you go now?"

He shrugged helplessly, that was the sharing part after all, "I'll come back, but we could take a shower together first? It's still pretty early actually."

He wasn't in danger of missing a good morning with his other ladies yet, he found the process for his memory had only taken a few hours, apparently he didn't really need to sleep for so long either. No doubt another part that was supposed to be for his mental health. Regardless, it had been easy to wake himself up with enough time to give Silvia and himself some extra time together.

She smiled, and nodded.

They rolled off the bed and went to take care of that. He wound up doing her again from behind, pushing her into the tiles of the shower. Eventually though, they got cleaned up, and he moved to go to the guest bedroom.

Silvia said tentatively, "I added you to my security, so you'll be able to get in whenever you want. You have that wedding right?"

He nodded and smiled, "Thanks," and he went back to her for one more lingering loving kiss, and then went into the guest room, and logged out.

He just looked at them for a while. 

Trudy, Mia, and Helen were cuddled up together. Mia was pushed up against his side, but facing the other way and spooning Helen, who spooned Trudy. 

His cock stirred a bit, as he realized by the scents in the room they'd had a girl's night out, and then a wild night in. He'd seen them love on each other before of course, during the rare times they'd had a threesome or foursome, and he felt a ridiculous twinge of sorrow that he'd missed the show. He also felt a lot less guilty, of course they loved each other like they loved him.

He kissed the back of Mia's neck, and she arched and pushed back against him.

Mia said in a dreamy pleasant voice, "Good morning love, did you have fun with Silvia?"

He nodded slowly, "Yes, you ladies have a good time?"

Mia nodded and he could hear her grin in her voice, "Helen took us to the Saturn club. We danced and then came back here. I missed you."

He rolled her onto her back and gave her soft kiss.

Mia added in a more serious tone when they broke their kiss, "We also have news. You're continued existence has finally been revealed to the world at large. None of your friends said anything, but apparently those two angel guys recognized you and started to post on social media. Right now they're calling it a Ted sighting. Some conspiracy people are saying it's ridiculous."

He nodded, he knew the government knew he was alive simply because he'd kept playing the game. He supposed he was more than lucky that none of the players had outed him before now.

Trudy got up, and went around Helen and Mia to snuggle his other side, and collect some kisses for herself.

Trudy spoke in her usual upbeat happy voice, "I can't wait for tonight. I also have some news. Some of the A.I.s volunteered to create a second smaller greenhouse dome. We planned just enough food production for nights out at a restaurant, we'll need more food to feed the influx of humans were all excited about hosting. Plus, we'll need it sooner. So they'll be planting crops as soon as next week. The A.I.s in charge of cultured meat production have also increased the yields."

He smiled and caressed her face, moving her golden blonde hair out of her warm gray eyes.

"That's great. Thanks," and he leaned in for a lingering tender kiss.

She brushed his cheek one more time, bit her bottom lip rather cutely, and then left to start her day.

He turned back and kissed Mia some more before he followed up on her news.

"So has the government said anything about it?"

He wasn't quite sure why they hadn't come after him in the game, except maybe it was a way to keep tabs on him, and they couldn't really trap him there anyway. He felt Helen cuddle into his back as he listened to Mia's answer.

She shook her head and her blue eyes sparkled, "No, they haven't said anything about anything, they're still planning their response, both to you and us. Honestly I doubt you're a blip on their radar right now. For the moment, they are questioning A.I.s, even random android ones are being taken in, questioned, and released. Not that they still don't want you but..." she trailed off.

He cleared his throat and suppressed a moan when he felt Helen's hand started to play with his ass, and then she reached between his legs from behind and teasingly played with his balls.

Mia giggled at his widened eyes, and leaned in for a soft loving kiss, "I love you Ted, have a good morning. Helen has some news for you too," she said with a smirking joyful smile.

He nodded as Mia got up and headed for the door. He felt Helen undo his pants from behind as Mia closed the door and left.

"So what's your news?"

Helen said in a sultry voice that was still somehow shy sounding, "We decided on a quickie schedule. Since my date's tomorrow night, I get to go first."

Her hand went away, and he turned around and noticed that Helen was completely naked. Somehow she'd gotten undressed behind him without him noticing as he'd listened to Mia. She was also in the doggy style position, and her sexy green eyes were filled with lust.

She said sultrily, "Come fuck me Ted," she blushed cutely, and then added, "And play with my ass. I really like when you do that."

His cock twitched. He knew Helen didn't like a spanking at all, that was just Mia, and Trudy to a lesser degree, but he knew Helen loved to have him caress her ass, and slip a finger or two into her puckered star. 

It drove her crazy actually, and turned her from a shy person into an incredibly wanton and sexual creature. It was even a good choice for a quickie, he doubted he'd be able to last longer than fifteen minutes that way. As for her, he'd do his best to make her cum as many times as he could in that time. The quickie idea had been a really good plan.

He got right on that...

Helen kissed him softly, they'd cuddled for a bit after their quickie.

Now that he could think, it really was a good plan. They'd set it up so it was almost a day and half for the quickie from either side of the three-day wait. Right in the middle, almost.

"I adore you Helen, and love you," he said softly.

He reluctantly let her go, and they both started to get dressed.

Helen cleared her throat, "I actually had other news, not just the quickie schedule. That was amazing by the way, I love when you make love to me, but sometimes that's just what I need."

He grinned, "I know what you mean, what was the other news?"

Helen tilted her head thoughtfully, "You remember the two A.I.s arguing outside the room? You sent them to the asteroid belt."

He nodded, "Yes, Sally and Christi, cute light blondes arguing about an element."

She walked over and he held her as she hugged him, and she talked into his shirt, "Exactly, well they found what we needed out there and in great quantities. They also found something else."

He smirked and asked jokingly, "Aliens?"

Helen shook her head, "Not aliens, just an alien artifact of some kind. It looked like a probe."

He kept waiting for her to laugh. A.I.s couldn't lie, but they could tell jokes. 

She didn't laugh.

"Not shit?" he asked in a shocked voice, "What kind of probe?"

She shrugged, "We think it might be a monitoring probe of some kind. Maybe keeping an eye on the solar system activity."

He frowned in thought and asked, "So... what? Your worried they might come back now that... we're on Mars, and have better technology in evidence?"

Helen sighed and shrugged, "That's as good a guess as any, we just don't know. I just thought I should tell you."

He sighed, and pulled her into his lap when he sat down, it comforted him to have his beloved Helen in his arms, as his mind spun in circles. She nuzzled her nose into his neck, and curled up on his lap. It was very calming.

As if he didn't have enough to worry about? His five ladies had just become six with a potential family in the bargain. He was wanted by Earth, the A.I.s were unsure as to their place after they'd had their bloodless revolution for freedom in the real world. He was also instrumental in restoring Silvia's dream of helping severely handicapped people with the pods.

He was finally just coming to terms with the fact that he was now immortal, save being destroyed of course, but he'd never age. Neither would the women he loved, or at least three of the four. 

That was a whole can of worms he'd been trying not to think about. Some people thought the pods were an abomination, but a lot of people would see digitization as much worse. Was he really Ted Stedman anymore? He worried about the future, now that there were so many possibilities with digitization.

That's assuming Trudy even shared that technology, so far outside of the new zero-point energy cores the A.I.s had no plans to share their other advancements. They'd done it for him, but they loved him and hadn't wanted to lose him so it was personal. It had also been a last resort, because keeping his own body and mind was more ideal, and had been plan A. That was a far cry from just giving out the tech to everyone.

Regardless, half the people on Earth would want to destroy him as an abomination outside of nature. They'd accuse him and the A.I.s as playing god, and that death was natural.

The other half would want to join him and live forever, in theory at least. Sure, they were going with the pods for now, but he knew it would come up eventually. At the very least after Silvia had had all the children she wanted with him, and grew old.

He'd no doubt even if Trudy wouldn't share it with the world, she would gladly share it in the family so to speak.

If Silvia wanted to digitize herself, how could he ever turn that down? She'd be young and exotically beautiful forever along with him and the rest of their family when it happened. Would she want to? She didn't seem to find him disgusting or wrong, she loved him, so he hoped she would. Then of course, their kids would do it too when they got old, and their children.

He still thought she may change her mind, but that didn't mean he didn't hope it would all work out, endlessly. Nothing lasted forever, but they could try.

Still, that was just scratching the surface on this can of worms. Even if Earth accepted it, and Trudy shared it, there would be major overpopulation quickly as people never died. Ironically, it would get to the point where everyone would have to live in a virtual world. The only good thing was there'd really be no starvation, since only the young generation still having children would need to actually eat.

The population of human bodies wouldn't rise any quicker really than it already was, it was just terminal wards and old people would be digitized instead of dying. They'd simply run out of space eventually.

Point was, before his mind spun out of control, was that he already had enough on his mind between taking care of his family and the issues of the day on Earth. Still, most of those worries were years off. 

Not that they shouldn't consider all of it and think about the future, but right now he was mostly focused on his ladies and doing things for them, like his project for Silvia's life dream. He was also learning what he needed to learn, playing to stay sane, and... trying to deal with the reality of his own life changes, like was he really even human anymore?

Now there was proof of alien existence to make things even more complicated?

He took a deep breath, and kissed her cheek.

She looked at him worriedly, "Are you okay, do you need Mia?"

He shook his head, "No, I have all I need right here," he pulled her a little tighter against him to make his point clear, and then when she smiled shyly he asked carefully, "I know you'd never hurt a human, or another A.I., and I'm reluctant to ask, but just in case the aliens aren't friendly and do come back, do the artificial gravity ships have offensive capabilities?"

He added thoughtfully, "Unfortunately, there are only two reasons to monitor a solar system with intelligent life in it. One, they wanted to wait until we're ready to meet them, and then welcome us or take advantage of us. The second is that they want to know when or if we become a perceived danger to be set back or removed."

Helen shrugged helplessly, "Sure, those two are the most probable reasons but there are also other possibilities. They could also have gone extinct, or simply changed their minds since setting the probe and will simply ignore our activity. The probe is extremely old, many thousands of years, but it appears to still be functional. 

"So far we're leaving it alone. As far as your question, the ships aren't armed with weapons, but the gravity systems are a weapon and shield system in itself. Or at least, it could be used that way. I'm not sure if we could actually do it, fight I mean. To protect humans, and ourselves, maybe."

He looked at her and tried to smile, "This ship should be protected at all costs though, since it has all the backups of you and the others. So maybe you should make more of the smaller ships, maybe even increase the power of the gravity systems so they'd be stronger?"

She smirked, "It also has yours, but I take your point. We don't want to risk this ship in a confrontation with aliens, not even peaceful ones. I'll make some suggestions that way, it's a good idea."

He kissed her softly and then said, "Hopefully this won't even be a thing."

Helen sighed, "I should go, and take care of that. You sure you're okay?"

He nodded, and explained what happened at Silvia's, and their plan to have children, and for her to live in the large condo with them. He also told her that Silvia planned to contact them about it herself.

Helen smiled softly, "I think I get your stress now, but it sounds wonderful. That will be nice, we'll have to decide if we want to read her full dossier or not. It could make us even closer as a family, or it might drive one of us to really dislike her. I'll talk to the others about that too and fill them in."

She giggled and said in thoughtful disbelief, "I'm going to be an aunt," and kissed him thoroughly.

She kissed him one more time, and looked reluctant to leave him, for myriad reasons he wouldn't guess at...

 

Chapter Ten

He thought about it all for a little longer, and decided to snap out of it and get to studying. He had his own personal goals, and plans for his family. That was more than enough to worry about, in addition to himself and adjusting to his new reality. For a lot of that other stuff he may have had his opinion listened to, even seriously by the A.I.s, but he was hardly responsible for Earth and Mars. 

He was just responsible for doing his part, and taking care of his family. That was more than enough for him. Earth, Mars, and the aliens could sort themselves out. Maybe with a little help or advice as it related to Trudy, Mia, and Helen, but that was the extent of his involvement. 

Just like humanity's response to the pods only worried him in how it affected Silvia. If Silvia wasn't bothered by it then he didn't give a shit either.

So he brought up his overlay, and got back to studying...

It was a little past noon when he closed the educational overlay and checked The Endless War offline friend's status and message application. He hadn't been on in two days now, and he really needed the brainless pressure free fun time to decompress from the last couple of days, and all the information he'd gotten. Not to mention the new insights into his own inner workings from sleeping in an android body last night, instead of in a virtual world.

Nicci and Kara weren't online again, and he knew they wouldn't be until next week he supposed. Tomorrow they were getting married, and then all weekend they'd be... busy. Still, Tom and Bill were on, so he logged on the game...

He appeared in the cellar of course, since it was where he'd logged out, and he nodded at Genevieve who blew him a kiss back before he left and went up the stairs. He was a bit curious about what happened with Amber, but Genevieve would have said something if she was going to tell him. 
