 CHAPTER ONE: Teedla's Swamp Ordeal

Teedla fluttered her light blue gossamer wings faster as she plummeted towards the swampy marsh below. She had detected something moving and was darting towards it. As a royal guard of the Faery Queen, Teedla patrolled the lands around the Fae kingdom rooting out evil. One foul creature amongst the playful Fae folk could be disastrous, so faery warriors like Teedla took their roles seriously. After closer inspection, Teedla confirmed her suspicions. A lumbering muckdweller, half mud, quarter goblin and quarter plant creature, had wandered up from the Backbilge Swamp and it could pose a threat to Faery folk.

Teedla, only seven inches tall, whipped out her sliver of a sword and flew to block the muckdweller's path. The muckdweller, a giant to Teedla at 12 inches in height, looked up at the luminescent faery before it and gurgled a wet growl.

"Now see here, mucky muck! Turn about and lumber back to the Backbilge!" She ordered the swamp creature with an authoritative tone.

The muckdweller looked at her has she hovered eye level to it. It's beady eyes first looked at the tiny needle-like sword, then to the lithe body of the Faery. To the slime dripping muckdweller, her skin seemed to be glowing a pale white, and her flowing blue hair seemed to be made from the sky. The muckdweller's eyes leered at her pert Fae breasts that it could see beneath her white, spider-web thin tunic, it could tell her tiny nipples matched her sky blue hair and wings.

"Hey now! No lollygagging about, mucky muck!" She put one hand on her slender hip and the other extended out to point her sword at the muckdweller's root-like nose.

The muckdweller felt lust grow in its twisted malformed heart, and grinned evilly at her with its wet brownish gray face. It took a plodding step closer, its arms opening up as if preparing for a lunge.

"A-ha! You need a show of force, do you?" Teedla asked as she spun in the air slicing a brown chunk from the muckdweller's slimy head. Unharmed, the creature charged. It rushed straight for her and onto her sword, but even though Teedla's blade was buried deep in its chest, it did not seem to care. A muckdweller's vital organs are tiny and surrounded by muck and gunk, which Teedla was quickly realizing. It's long arms snatched her out of the air and slammed her into the marsh with a plopping sound. It casually plucked her sword from its chest and tossed it aside. She screamed as she felt its tentacle-like arms entwine about her. She felt her tunic become drenched as it held her in a puddle with her wings trapped beneath her.

"Glurbal gurg." the muckdweller said as it seemed to laugh. Its fingers were like vines and one hand seemed to grow as it clutched her neck and arms, wrapping her delicate limbs above her head. The other monstrous appendage ripped her tunic and belt from her with such force that the loud snap caused nearby birds to fly fearfully away around them.

Teedla struggled in the puddle splashing about as she felt the vine-like fingers from the muckdweller tighten, all to its apparent amusement. Its beady eyes watched her slender body writhe about below it, her wet breasts glistened in the sunlight as her blue nipples sparkled. Its eyes scanned down her tiny torso to her curvy hips to her thin thong-like undergarments. Its wood hard fingertips plucked her wet thong away revealing her blue triangle shaped pubic hair at the top of her firm pale thighs.

"You will die for this insolence!" She blurted as it continued to stare at her nude faery body.

Twice her size and 5 times her weight, the muckdweller easily maneuvered Teedla so it could inspect her. All the while something began to stir in its muddy groin area. Teedla's blue eyes widened in fear as she saw a snake-like creature begin to emerge from the muckdweller's vegetation covered crotch. The muckdweller plopped down on its knees in the puddle, splashing the swamp water across Teedla. Her long locks of hair were drenched making them dark blue and cling to her slender neck. Its knees landed between her legs, and it spread its stumpy legs to easily open her pale thighs. She felt her heels dig into the muckdwellers mud-like flesh as she tried to close her legs in vain.

"NO!" She shouted with all the authority she could muster, "Off me now, mucky muck!!"

A nearby swamp rabbit peered curiously over a clump of weeds to investigate the strange diminutive screams and thrashing about. It saw the two strange creatures, one small and pale, the other thick and dark above the other, but the rabbit could not make out that a rape was in progress so was not inclined to help.

Roughly, the muckdweller yanked his left arm and his tentacle-like fingers pulled Teedla's arms behind her head and the other tentacles tightened around her throat nearly choking her. She had to press her shoulders into the mud and arch her back to breathe, which threw her hips up and thrust her torso up towards her attacker. The muckdweller grinned at its brutal twisting of the little faery, and licked its muddy lips with its fleshy green tongue.

Unbeknownst to Teedla, she had a strong resemblance to the muckdwellers' Swamp Princess, who all male muckdwellers lusted after. The Swamp Princess was a bit taller and a bit greener, but the similarity was enough to send this muckdweller into a sexual frenzy. Its face showed this hyper lust as it looked at her writhing body while she strained to resist the choking vines about her neck. 

A malicious streak ran through the muckdweller and it pulled back its mass of vines for a right hand and lashed her pale torso with its many whip-like fingers. Teedla yelped in pain as the tentacles stung her stomach and chest. Her reaction caused the muckdweller to chuckle a wet laugh, and to whip her pale vulnerable body again. The red streaks appeared across her tight stomach and her blue tipped breasts. The muckdweller's knobby green penis twitched a bit more and grew longer out of its patch of pubic vegetation. 

Teedla strained to look down at why the muckdweller had stop whipping her to see it gripping its thick penis with its vine fingers. It was slowly stroking it to make it thicken and harden even more as it stared at her delicate body in its grasp.

"NO! Do not put that vile thing inside me!" Teedla screeched. She wanted to struggle harder but could not, she was completely pinned by the swamp beast. She watched in horror as it seemed to grow in front of her eyes. "IT WON'T FIT!" She screamed in earnest.

The muckdweller grunted at her protests and moved its vine-fingers so one curled around her head and forced its way across her mouth. She tried to scream again, but its tentacle had gagged her blue lips and mouth. She could taste its finger, and it tasted like over ripe vegetables.

It moved closer and began rubbing the olive green tip of its penis up and down the slit of her vagina. Teedla gritted her teeth and tensed up her wet nude body as she prepared for the worse. Faeries are, by nature, promiscuous, but that did not mean Teedla had any desire to be taken forcibly by this repulsive mud/plant/goblin.

"Grungle." It gurgled as its slimy penis head rubbed up and down her slit and inner thighs. "Grungle." It repeated in a strange, almost soothing tone.

Teedla had no idea what this foreign word meant, but from its rubbing (instead of forcibly plunging) and quite tones, she guessed the muckdweller was attempting to coax her into cooperation. "Forget that, mucky muck!!" she screamed inside her head. Her muddy wings twitched in the puddle of swamp water and her body remained stiff and tense as the swamp beast continued to hold her bent backward, hips thrusting upward. 

The tip of its slimy green member began crossing over her clit, and its wet friction made Teedla gasp despite herself. "Grungle." It said again with a twisted smile. It dipped the tip into her small opening just a bit and quickly removed it, as if it was testing the water. It held its throbbing tip against her slit just below her sparkling blue wet pubic hair and said, "Grungle."

Pinned down and nearly choking, Teedla yelled, "Stop dragging this out an just get it over with!!"

The tentacle fingers gripped the muckdwellers thick shaft tighter and began slowly to masturbate as its tip throbbed steadily against Teedla's clit. Its beady eyes stared at her upturned breasts glistening with swamp water and faery sweat. It approved of her hardening blue nipples and felt its own penis harden and grow even longer along with them. 

Teedla squirmed as the growing friction focused on her clit, but to her surprise, the slight amount that she squirmed moved her hips unto its penis making the pressure worse. "No! this is not happening!" Her mind reeled as she felt her petite body beginning to respond to this horrid creature.

Thump, thump, thump. Its penis nudged her clit every time its mass of tentacles for a hand pulled on its shaft. She strained her neck threatening to choke herself worse to look down at his assaulting member. Her eyes popped open wide when she saw the green cockhead oozing a strange precum onto her vulgarly spread vagina. Teedla had to look away as the tight vines around her throat started to cut deep into her skin, but she could still feel the warm, sticky penis slowly nudging against her. For a second time she felt the muckdweller dip just the tip of its penis into her vagina. She could feel it throb as it pulled it back out of her.

"Grungle." It repeated with an ape-like grin as it peered into her eyes.

Teedla became aware of her pounding heart and heavy breathing as it stared at her. The gag made of vines gripped her mouth causing her tiny nostrils flare as she breathed heavily entirely through her nose. Her chest rose and fell with each breath, and she noticed that despite being bent backwards, her body was no longer tense.

"What's happening?" She thought, "This walking compost pile is NOT my type!" 

She renewed her futile struggles, twisting about in the muckdweller's tight grasp. However, all she was able to achieve was to grind her vagina unto its waiting penis.

"No!" She grunted under the gag as she felt its penis head slip back into her tight opening due to her twisting about.

"Grungle." It almost groaned as its throbbing tip began to sink deeper, stretching her opening.

With this third penetration, it did not soon withdraw. Instead, its right hand left its ridged shaft and moved to wrap about her slender waist below her naval. With a mass of its tendrils around her throat and arms and the other around her waist, it began to slowly pull her towards itself. As she slid on her shoulders and wings in the muddy puddle, her legs were forced open wider as the plant-like penis sunk into her deeper. Its slimy coating allowed it to enter her with more ease, but its width began to painfully stretch her vaginal muscles. Teedla groaned into the root-like gag as the muckdweller impaled her on its great, green penis. Despite the fact that its organ was two to three times larger than a faery penis, the muckdweller forced about 3/4's of it into her. That is when the muckdweller felt itself finally press against the back of her vagina. It tried to shove more into her, but it just was not possible. The muckdweller held her tight, bent backwards, as its penis throbbed steadily inside her.

Teedla's breasts heaved with each breathe as her breathing became labored. She felt every single pulse of the invading penis from her clit to cervix. She felt a perverse desire growing within her to grind her pelvis against his penis, and she concentrated intently on fighting that urge. The mere thought of having such desires angered her, and she became furious at herself for even having thoughts of mutual intercourse with a muckdweller. Intent upon not succumbing to her perverse nature, Teedla tensed her body and struggled to lower her butt away from it. Almost choking herself in the process, she felt a slight victory as she slightly pulled away from its penis.

"Grungle!" The muckdweller smashed her small victory by slamming its penis deep back inside of her. The sudden impact made both of them moan. 

She was momentarily stunned by the sensation, but then she returned to her resistance. Her new tactic was too show defiance, so she tried to burn a hole in its mud covered, apish face with a glare of hatred. If she could not escape, then she would show this mud beast that she would not passively accept its assault.

In its pea-sized brain, the muckdweller had its beloved swamp princess in its tendril grasp and it was loving it. However, it longed for her to return its savage lust. Teedla's eyes burned with blue flames as she glared at him. This was not the desired response so the muckdweller continued to try to coax her into cooperation.

"Grungle?" It croaked.

The kneeling muckdweller slid her tense body down its shaft causing the water in the puddle to ripple. Then he slowly pulled her back up. After a few trips up and down its slimy pole, the water in the puddle around them became murky brown. After the sixth trip back up, her icy stare was broken when her eyes fluttered.

"Grungle." It smiled watching her reaction.

The muckdweller increased the speed, and her shoulders began sloshing water out of the puddle. Its glistening penis enjoyed the sensation of the tight faery as the muckdweller pulled her up and down it. It watched as her blue eyes uncontrollably rolled back into her head.

"No, no, this is NOT happening!" She told herself, but with each plunge of the plant cock, she felt her body responding to the stimulation. The sensations below her waist were beginning to cloud her senses as well as her reasoning. She barely noticed when it removed its vine-like tentacles from her neck, mouth and wrists. 

It wrapped its left hand around her waist with its right, and started pulling her up and down on its shaft with even greater force and speed. Sliding in the puddle, her arms and wings were soon coated in the sticky mud. Only her face, torso, and the outsides of her thighs were free of the muddy slime. Now that her arms were free to resist, she did not. Instead, she felt her vagina accepting the plunging of the massive penis, and then aching for its return when it pulled back. Without realizing it, Teedla began to grind her hips with the muckdweller's thrusting, matching his speed.

From the intense expression on her tiny face, the muckdweller could see with its beady eyes that she had finally succumbed to "grungle." It released its vine-like grasp from her waist and was pleased that she continued to hump without its assistance. The muckdweller placed its hands on her shoulders and got on all fours and began thrusting with her. It had to hold her delicate shoulders to keep her from sliding away in the slick mud. As it leaned over her, it dripped drops of mud and slime on her pale luminescent skin.

"I've never been filled like this by a cock!" Teedla thought as her mind reeled from the intense feelings deep inside of her. Suddenly, she became aware of her actions, "What?!?" She said aloud. She stopped mechanically thrusting her hips up to meet the muckdweller's piston-like penis, but he continued driving it in and out. She tested his hold on her and found that she was still pinned, not only by her shoulders, but also by his immense size and weight. As she tried to find a way out, each downward thrust caused her mind to falter as the pleasure flooded her senses. That faltering changed to gasping with each withdrawal of its penis, and soon she was moaning with each plunge. Instead of thinking of escape, Teedla was becoming lost in the intense pleasure of intercourse with the muckdweller. As she longed to thrust her hips upward again, her last ounce of dignity caused her to glance about for any witnesses to what she was about to do. She twisted her head around his massive arms and glanced about the edge of the swamp. Only a few curious birds and swamp critters were watching their perverse coupling.

Spotting no credible witnesses, Teedla's body took over and again she began thrusting back to the muckdweller increasing the pleasure she was already feeling. She locked her arms around its muddy forearms to give herself more leverage to grind in the slick puddle. Her little moans grew deeper and the muckdweller began grunting with each thrust. Her little butt made little splish splash sounds in the mud as her hips humped up at the muckdweller.

Teedla looked down between her mud splattered breasts to her crotch to see its thick green penis sliding in and out of her. She was amazed that she was able to take a penis the size of a thick faery forearm into her. If not for its penis' natural slimy coating acting as a lubricant, she doubted if she would survive this ordeal. Despite the slime, the friction from the huge penis was causing a need for release to build deep within her. Plus, one of the bulging veins on the shaft was relentlessly bumping her clit each time the muckdweller pulled out and then again when it pushed in. She tilted her hips allowing her clit to take full advantage of the knobby vein. Her actions were making this one of the best fucks she had every participated in. Soon, she felt that it was about to end as an orgasm grew imminent. Teedla wanted to prolong it since it was feeling so incredible, but could not slow down her pace.

As the muckdweller grunted above Teedla, it was lost in its fantasies of its swamp princess. It was oblivious when Teedla's body began to tense and her cute face twisted into a tight grimace.

"Yes!" She cried out as an orgasmic tidal wave washed over her.

Through out her climax, the muckdweller continued hump its muddy hips as it still tried to force the last of its penis into her. It did not realize that its penis would not fit all the way in, nor did it realize she was climaxing beneath it. Wave after wave, the orgasm rocked Teedla's muddy little body. When it was over, she laid limp beneath the thrusting muckdweller. If not her climax, the muckdweller was aware of its growing closer to an orgasm. A sensation in the tip of its penis was growing more intense with each thrust, despite the fact that Teedla had stopped thrusting back.

The muckdweller relentlessly pounded into her now motionless body causing Teedla to bite her bottom blue lip. Its ridged penis began to bruise her tender faery flesh as it attempted to force its way in deeper. She was now wincing with each thrust as he increased his force and speed. Her moans of ecstasy turned into whimpers of discomfort.

"All right, mucky muck! That's enough!" she shouted as she dug her fingernails into its arms to get its attention.

It ignored her plea and rammed on. 

"I've got to stop this...get him off." Her mind reasoned as the pain increased.

To speed things along, Teedla clenched her vaginal muscles around its bulbous cockhead. She kept squeezing and began rocking her hips once again in hopes of milking its sperm out. Its beady eyes opened wide as she looked up at it, determined to get it off. It continued driving its long penis into her even tighter vagina, but now it looked confused. Her jaw was clenched with a serious expression on her face as her hips undulated. With her vagina acting as a vice, she was able to cause him to ejaculate.

"Grungle!!!" The beast roared abruptly as it shoved its penis in painfully deep and froze. Nearby birds were startled by its roar and flew from their trees.

Teedla was also surprised, but relieved he had stopped. She felt a hot sticky sensation as the muckdweller's sperm, not having anywhere else to go, leaked out of her around its green penis. Still groaning, the muckdweller raised up to its knees causing its penis to pop out as it slumped back onto its butt with a splash. Its penis continued to ejaculate and a long spurt shot out onto Teedla's mud smeared belly. A final spurt of globby green sperm dropped onto her mud matted blue pubic hair and her tender labia.
