 Ted watched her enter the store. She had red hair and was wearing a short tan mini dress made of a thin fabric. She has a big round ass that shook under the sheer cloth when she walked. The dress clung to her just enough to see she has a small waist and was slightly see-through. He could clearly tell she was wearing a g-string, her luscious ass cheeks exposed under the skimpy dress. She grabbed a cart and passed through the automatic doors. He had not planned on pick up much more than a new shirt and was not going to get a basket. That changed when he saw her big ass rocking in that sheer flowing mini-dress. He grabbed a hand basket to hide what he knew was to come.

Ted has a medical condition. When he is aroused, which is quite easy these days, things happen. When he sees a woman that he finds even moderately attractive, his cock gets hard, fast. He has on two pairs of compression shorts under loose jeans under a long jacket to conceal what can only be called a monster erection.

Ted was once normal, with a modest six inch cock that got hard at a normal rate, but a strange thing happened and now he is over ten inches long and fat. The speed of which he gets hard along with his unusual size is called electrical onset erection. When he is get aroused his brain releases a low voltage current into his nervous system, making him rock-hard in just seconds. The condition also has other side effects.

His cock slammed into a long fat hard on down his left leg when he saw her and for just a second he was very light-headed as blood rushed to fill his expanding member. He used the basked to further conceal what is already mostly hidden by clothes and followed the subject of his interest into the store to do some shopping. He makes it a point no to let the condition get in the way of his daily routine.

It all began a couple of years before when Ted was in a minor car accident. Neck problems developed and his doctor recommended physical therapy to help fix the problem. He was referred to a physical therapist who was also a chiropractor and acupuncturist. 

The therapy was going well until one summer afternoon when everything changed. It was a hot day. He sat in the office waiting to be called to see Doctor Johns. He was in a pair of light shorts, linen shirt and sandals, due to the heat.

Doctor Johns is in her late forties with a nice build, a bit heavy but the weight is in all the right places. Ted had a fantasy or two about her and her capable hands, but he is a decent fellow and kept his behavior with her strictly respectable.

"Ted, the doc can see you now" said Nancy. 

Nancy is Doctor Johns' receptionist and Ted has flirted with her many times. She was a svelte thirty something with black hair a lovely face that really lights up when she smiles. She is an avid kayaker and her arms and shoulders show it. The woman is fit without being too skinny.

"Thanks Nancy. Can I see you after?" Ted waggled his eyebrows at her in an exaggerated expression. He is what could be called handsome, but not overly so. He is average height and lean. He exercised often before the accident and a couple of months ago Dr Johns signed off on him getting back to it, albeit scaled back. He was now well toned but not huge.

"Oh Ted, you never stop trying. I thought you had a girl."

"Nah, she left me for an older man. I guess 34 is not old enough for her, so how about it, I am about done with my treatments, and I would miss seeing your lovely face two times a week." 

"Well maybe coffee sometime. Email me at the office." She smiled and pointed to the door to the doctor's single exam room, "now in and shirt off. The doc will be right with you."

Ted turned and headed to the door. Nancy watched him walk away. She like Ted and thought he was cute with his mussed up brown hair and an easy casual attitude. He did have a nice ass, which she admired as he walked away. Yes, she would go out for coffee with him and see where it went.

Ted walked into the exam room, smiling knowing that Nancy was finally going to see him outside the professional setting. Maybe it was because this was to be one of his last visits and she could drop the professional veneer.

He took off his shirt and sat on the exam table and waited patiently. The Doc frequently took her time.

Doctor Rebecca Johns sat in her office and checked her schedule again, even though she already knew it was Ted Stevens. She liked Ted, he was handsome and she had often caught him trying to look down her lab coat. Her husband was inattentive and she often fantasized about younger men, especially Ted. She had the good fortune to have put her hands on his lean back and chest. He was toned, almost ripped, and touching him made her hot. She stood and slid her panties off and put them in a desk drawer. She had a few minutes before the appointment and decided to put them to good use. 

She sat up on her desk and hiked up her skirt, exposing her neatly trimmed pussy. She began to slowly rub her clit and tease her swollen pussy lips.

"Oh yes Ted" she moaned softly "Lick my clitty, that's it...ohhh..." Her other hand went inside her lab coat to her massive tits and toyed with her nipples, which were erect now and the size of the tip of a thumb.

"Yes that's it..." She slid two fingers into her hot went cunt and began to fuck herself, slowly at fist and faster as she got wetter.

"ugh...yes Ted, fuck me..faster...harder...give me your cock..." she moaned this softly and she pumped faster and faster into her wet pussy. She pinched her nipple hard and shuddered as she came all over her fingers.

She dipped her fingers deep into her pussy and put her juices onto her cleavage and neck like it was perfume. Smelling like pussy in front of Ted turned her on. She then cleaned her wet pussy and inside of her thick thighs with a towel and washed her hands. She smoothed her skirt with her hands, making sure it was in place and hugging her generous big ass.

"Hello Mr. Stevens, how are we feeling today?" Doctor Johns asked as she came in and closed the door.

"Feeling great Doc. Neck pain gone and so are the headaches. You do great work." As Ted spoke her quickly drank in her appearance.

"Glad to hear it." She had on her usual lab coat and knee-length skirt. Dr. Johns has brown hair with just a few grey streaks; it is always up in a bun showing all of her lovely mature face. Her glasses give her that naughty librarian look. Ted tried hard not to look at her body, but her curves were devastating.

He briefly fantasized about her treating him in only the lab coat, open and showing her in all her glory, but immediately buried the thought. He wanted to maintain good behavior. He really did like her and was grateful. He also tries to avoid seeing women as objects and as just fellow humans...but he did find her very attractive. She is beautiful and smart, with some crazy curves and really big tits hidden in her lab coat.

"As you know we are about done with your therapy. I want to try something new today to see if we can't get you fixed up with one last session. I want to use acupuncture and a mild DC current on you while I make the usual adjustments to your neck. They have been having good success with it in China. I picked the technique at a conference I was at a couple of weeks ago. I have used it on two other patients and it definitely made a difference.

"Sure, Doc, I'm game." 

"Great, come over here and have a seat in the massage chair."

He sat in the chair and leaned into it. She began to prep me for the needles while she talked.

"I will need to put just three needles into you back and then I can make the adjustments."

She tapped a needle into the base of my spine and to on either side of the back of Ted's neck, her fingers lingering just a bit here and there on his bare skin. She began to get wet again under her skirt. While she was behind Ted she undid one button of her lab coat, exposing some of her ample cleavage.

"Okay, this may tingle a bit." She then put small clips on the needles and Ted felt a subtle tingling.

"I am running a low voltage current through the needles, very low. It is meant to open up your nervous system to the adjustments. You feel okay so far, no unusual sensations?" She had some unusual sensations.

When she had started the current he felt a light tingle in his brain, and also along his cock. 

"I feel a tingling in my head." He left out the part about his cock.

"Good, that is normal and means it is working. We are ready."

She put her hands on his head in the way she usually does put her mouth next to my ear.

"Now relax" she said softly and so close he felt her hot breath on his ear, and she smelled amazing. Between that and the current, Ted was worried his shorts would not conceal the erection he that was beginning to grow Then she gave him a twist. His neck cracked like thunder in his head. The tingling in his cock increased. She let go and gripped him again by the head.

"And another" she whispered in his ear. What was that scent? And crack, another loud snap and the tingling really got intense. Ted thought it felt similar to touching a nine volt battery to your tongue.

"Okay, one more." Again, so close to my ear her gentle sweet scent washed over him.

She gripped his head, there was a loud crack and Ted promptly passed out and fell to the floor.

"Shit!" 

When Ted came to he was on the cool floor flat on his back. Nancy was kneeling on one side and Doctor Johns was at the other.

"Ted, Ted, you alright?" Nancy was asking while the doc was leaning over him listing to his heart beat with a stethoscope. He was tingling all over, especially inside his brain and groin area.

It was then that he noticed that the doctor's lab coat had come undone a couple of buttons and I could see down into her deep cleavage. She only had on a lacey bra under her coat and her wonderful scent was everywhere. 

That is when it happened. He felt a surge in his cock that felt like an electric shock and he blacked a second time.

He came to again slowly and heard Nancy and the doc talking.

"Oh my god Doc, what did you do? Look at it. It is huge." Nancy said. She could not belove what she was looking at. Ted's cock was massive and standing straight up.

"I must have hit a nerve in the neck that leads to the pituitary gland and stimulated his growth hormones or something. I have heard the process had this effect one other time. I had no idea the effect was so drastic and sudden" The doc's voice sounded distant.

As Ted's head slowly cleared and he felt a peculiar sensation in his cock. He was hard, very hard. Like the hard he gets when throbbing except he wasn't throbbing. It was as if his cock was locked in at the very peak of a throb, a constant rigidity that did not relent like when he was throbbing.

"It happened so fast, damn near knocked me over." Nancy said her voice also strangely distant.

"That explains why he blacked out. His blood pressure must have dropped like a stone." The doc said.

"I have never seen one so...so fucking huge..."

It was then another sensation came to Ted. His cock was more that tingling and it was intense and steady. He opened my eyes; both the women were staring at his cock, which had escaped the confines of his loose shorts and pointing straight up to the ceiling. It was massive. It had to be almost twice its normal size and about as thick and Nancy's wrist. It was bright red and the fat head was a deep rich purple. Pre-cum was running freely down its length.

"Oh god." Ted exclaimed. The sensation was very intense.

Both women looked to him, looks of shock, and something else on their face. Nancy had a look of pure lust and Doctor Johns a look of hunger.

"Mr. Stevens are you alright." Doctor Johns asked, regaining some of her control. Nancy had turned back to look at the giant cock standing straight up right in front of her. She was breathing hard now

"uhg, yeah, light headed, and what the hell did you do, Doc?" He began to try and get up, embarrassed by his predicament, but she put a hand on his bare chest.

"Easy, you just passed out twice in the course of ten minutes. You had a rare, very rare side effect of the treatment. There was only one other case noted, and not nearly this extreme. The needles touched on a nerve that connects directly with the part of your brain that stimulates growth. When I made the adjustment, the sudden shock combined with the current must have triggered some kind of hormone burst."

Nancy looked at Ted, a look of pure hot lust on her face.

"Ted, it's so fucking hot...can I touch it...stroke it?"

"Nancy!" Doctor Johns exclaimed.

Now Ted's head was beginning to clear further and he noticed a few things. The doc's open lab coat again, and both she and Nancy had obviously erect nipples. There was also the smell of cum filling the small room, mixing with the doctor's sexy musk. His cock was out in the open, huge and rock hard, and he was so god damn horny.

"Sure Nancy, but first open your shirt for me."

Nancy began to frantically unbutton her blouse, threw it aside, exposing her firm tits with hard nipples sticking out.

"Mr. Stevens!" the doctor gasped.

"Doc, aside from the size, is there any other side effects? I feel like there is electricity running through my, my uh penis."

"Not that I have heard of, but this is rare."

Then Nancy gripped Ted's thick and slippery shaft.

"God, it is so fucking hot to the touch, and it feels tingly." She began to stroke his new cock slowly with one had and reached up her skirt with the other. The look on her face, the intense hunger as she looked at Ted's now massive pole, was almost scary, but then she started to stroke up and down, and he stopped caring.

"Oh God, Nancy, fuck yeah, stroke it." Ted watched her melon sized firm tits shake as she stoked him up and down and played with her pussy under her skirt.

Dr. Johns also watched Nancy, and her breathing began to get ragged.

"I'll say" Nancy said "It feels electric." She began to speed up her pace and her tits were bouncing wildly as she did. The situation was surreal, but Ted was beginning to really lose himself in the sensations.

"Oh shit Nancy. That is so fucking hot." She was really stroking him hard now as she played with her self. Her skirted had hiked up and both Ted and the doctor could see she was naked beneath and shaved. Her slit was glistening and she was frantically rubbing her swollen clitoris.

"Oh yeah, Ted, your dick is amazing." She took her other hand from her pussy and gripped his shaft with both hands. It still towered over her two fisted grip. "I am going to suck this fucker till you cum." 

She went to put it in her mouth. 

"Nancy, wait!" it was Dr Johns. Nancy touched her tongue to my swollen head and there was an arc of electricity from his glans to her tongue, then her body went rigid and she was tossed aside.

"Shit!" Ted exclaimed, because just as that happened I felt a huge jolt in his dick and single rope of cum shot up, a single thick gout. It arced through the air and landed on Doctor Johns' cleavage. His cock swelled and got even larger and turned a brighter red.

"Ugghh.." Ted groaned. His massive member dominated his senses and he felt like it was going to explode.

Nancy sat up quickly. "I am okay. That cock is amazing." She crawled back over on all fours and grabbed it again. This time the sensation was not as intense.

"Nancy, you should stop until we know what we are dealing with." The doctor sounded concerned. "You could get injured."

"Then hurt me Teddy, hurt me good." With that she opened her mouth and sucked the top of his hard cock into her mouth. Her body went rigid, her nipples got even harder and she began to shudder and moan, even while she did this she sucked with wild abandon.

"Oh shit Nancy, suck it, suck my electric cock." Ted put his head back and Nancy used her tongue around edge of the swollen purple head of his pole.

She took it out of her mouth and looked at the doc "I am fine, it is not has bad as it was at first, and I feel it all though my body, my nipples, my pussy, electricity flowing from his cock. It is so fucking hot. Sucking it makes me feel like I am going to orgasm over and over."

The doctor, without a word, reached out and gripped his slick cock.

"Oh my," She said softly, "there seems to be a low voltage current flowing from you Ted." As she gripped it above Nancy's two hands still a full five inched stood above the three fists. Ted looked at Doctor Johns. The single rope of cum was still on her cleavage and her nipples were huge and hard and straining against her lab coat. "It is so wet; the moisture must by adding conductivity." She nodded to herself, as if coming to a decision

"Nancy, stop, let's get Mr. Stevens to the table so we can examine him better. We need to make sure he is alright."

Nancy stopped sucking Ted, much to his dismay, and both of them helped him up from the floor. He stood, a bit shaky but steadying quickly. His cock jutted far out in front of him pointing up at an angle.

"Mr. Stevens, I think it best if you remove your shorts. Nancy, go lock the front door and cancel the rest of my appointments for the day, then go home. I am going to examine Mr. Stevens. I think a more rational approach is warranted here. I think you need to step away."

"But Doc, he's..."

"Now, Nancy. Mr. Stevens is not leaving town. You can ravage him after we decide he will not be harmed in the process. Now go." Her firm tone left no room for argument.

Ted watched as Nancy collected her blouse and started to leave.

She looked over her shoulder "Call me Ted. I want to finish what I started." She licked her lips and turned and left.

Ted was sad to see Nancy go, but I when he looked at Doctor Johns, flushed with his cum still glistening on the top of her big tits, hew was glad to be alone with her, naked except for his sandals and with a brand new throbbing electric hard on.

"Up on the table and lie back, Mr. Stevens."

He hopped up and lay down. His cock was still hard as a rock, hot and coursing with electricity.

Once on the table the doctor approached him. He noticed another button open on her lab coat, now she was showing real cleavage and his jizz and tricked into her cleavage and beyond.

"First a physical examine." She put on a pair of latex gloves. "These should shield me from any shock."

Ted watched her face as ship probed by abdomen and groin area. She gripped his cock and squeezed and slid her hand up its length, a steady stream of precum ran out and his swollen tip and down over her gloved hand. Ted let out a low moan and lifted his hips off the table.

"Oh god, Doc, you keep that up and I am going to cum. Nancy had me close." His voice was thick with lust. "Looking at you stroke me is pushing me to the limit. You are so fucking hot." 

With that statement she looked up at Ted.

"Mr. Stevens, I had no idea you felt that way." She gave a slight smirk and continued, "Your penis appears to be healthy and normal, albeit unusually large and sensitive. Open your legs please."

Ted spread my legs and she reached between his legs and grabbed his balls. She did not release his cock and continued to stroke it absently.

"Oh my, yes, the effect seems to have passed on to your testicles as well as your penis. They are quite large." She spent some time fondling his big balls as she stroked his freakish cock with her other hand.

"Ughh...doc, you are going to make me cum..."

"Not quite yet, please." She let go. His cock was so rigid it did not move when she let go. She went to a counter across the room.

"I wanted to get you worked up, now I am going to take some measurements."

She came back to the table with a tape measure and a small box.

"This is a volt meter. I use it to calibrate my equipment. Now I will use it to measure yours." She began to get it ready.
