 Chapter Twenty-Six

After Nicci and Kara's reunion kiss, which lasted for quite a while, they headed back out. With the time in the store, they were all back up to full mana, hit points, and stamina.

They ran into another patrol almost immediately, and he noticed there weren't really any dark alleys in the nicer side of town, which made the angel patrols harder to bypass using the reaction distance. They wound up fighting two groups of them on the way to museum row, both of them were quick nasty fights, and as with the first he and the imps concentrated on the spell caster, while the melee demons and Nicci took down the other three.

His mana was pretty high still, after the two fights, but his hit points were just over four hundred, which was about half of his life. Those mage types were hitting pretty hard, so it was lucky they died fast. He used the Sacrifice spell for the first time, on one of his warriors. It was ugly as a smoky black line connected them and sucked the life out of his demon, and refilled his own. Then he casted another warrior.

It was dumb, but he actually felt a little guilty about it. However, his life was back to full hit points as they walked by the museums in the street that was now cleared of angels. One was aerospace, they skipped it, one was a sports museum, and he considered that for a moment. He could imagine armor and weapons being in there, maybe. But then they saw a museum of antiquities, and exchanged glances with the ladies.

Kara said helpfully, "I've seen guys walking around in sports stuff, and old fashioned armor from Rome or Egypt."

"Let's try antiquities?" he asked.

Kara looked him up and down, "I can see that, let's go."

Nicci snickered, and they all headed for the museum entrance, which wasn't guarded at all.

That made him a little nervous for some reason as they slipped inside. The lighting was a bit dim as they walked inside. There were several exhibits, two of them were Rome and Egypt. The others were dynastic China, feudal Japan, and the crusades. He doubted he wanted a suit of full metal armor, so that last one was out completely.

Kara asked with a raised eyebrow, "How about Egypt?"

He chuckled, "Sure, let's check it out."

They headed down the main hallway, which was eerily quiet, until they came across two very large rooms across from each other, which were labeled Feudal Japan, and Dynastic China. They continued on to the next set of arches which were labeled Ancient Rome and Ancient Egypt. He shrugged, if she wanted to dress him he'd at least take a look at it. 

Hopefully she didn't have plans to put him in a peasant loincloth and spear, but he wouldn't be surprised. Some of the gold armor from that period was pretty wicked looking however, so he was happy to take a look. Nicci took the lead along with his warriors, and Kara and his greater succubus stood on either side of him surrounded by the imps as they walked through the arch.

Still no guards, which screamed trap, but what the hell right?

They looked at the armor. There were some nice gold colored breastplates with blue designs on them, shields, a great number of different weapons including a long staff with an ankh on top. He was curious, so he picked it up to identify it, and several things happened at once.

First, he got a popup that it was a Golden Staff of Life, and granted twenty to constitution and did one eighty to two hundred twelve points of damage.

The second thing that happened, as he dropped his red staff, was an alarm went off, and golden gates dropped down at all the entrances. The room was an octagon, so there wasn't really a good defensive position as he saw five angels all level thirty-two to thirty-five start to gather behind the gates, pretty much surrounding them. Twenty-five of them, just perfect.

He cleared his throat, "Okay, let's overwhelm one group with magic, and then take that hallway to defend against the other twenty, Nicci and my melee fighters can follow in after us, and then we'll be in a defensible position when we turn around and kick their asses."

Kara nodded, "It's a plan."

Nicci giggled and drew her sword, "This should be fun."

Then the gates started to rise.

He, Kara, and the four imps all did area or chain effect spells, which unfortunately the enemy lived through as five sets of warriors charged. 

They charged as well, as a second set of spells finally took down those five. The plan didn't work all that great, they were hit from almost all sides anyway. It was a large room, but the over forty combatants made it feel very small. Eventually they made it into the hall, and turned around. The first thing he did was summon more warriors, and then he cursed his own stupidity and casted Demonic Aura, it had run out since the fights in the street and he hadn't noticed.

It was still a bit crazy, but the hallway offered a limited path, and there were three levels of warriors and succubae, not to mention Nicci, before the angels could reach his position with Kara and the imps. The really good news was there appeared to be no casters, or if there had been, they were already dead.

Every time one of his front line guys fell, another one from the second or third row stepped forward to fill the breach, which meant he could almost leisurely replace the summoned fighters in the back row without leaving a gap in their defense.

He also casted Balefire, which was a much better choice than the more powerful singular spell in this situation. It also cost half the mana. There was a part of the fight that was really intense, but there was also a part of his brain that was highly amused when a sword stroke toward Nicci's stomach was turned away by the micro-bikini.

Honestly, it was kind of hot watching her fight, her tits bounced mesmerizingly as she swung her two handed sword and cut enemies down left and right. He knew Nicci was having the same effect on her wife as well. He could see the lust in Kara's eyes as she cast spells at the enemy. In the end, when the last angel fell, they all got popups.

You have leveled! You are now level 31!

You have leveled! You are now level 32!

Obviously it was getting harder to level now, even with twenty-five angels above their level they'd really only just gotten one level out of it and a little more. He'd been very close to level thirty-one before this fight, mostly from the twelve guards they'd killed in the street, not to mention the three in the leather shop.

It was time to loot, assign stat points, and finish upgrading his armor...

Kara and Nicci looked at him critically for a moment, and then smiled liked cats that just got at the cream.

He was in golden chest plate that covered his chest down to the top of his waist which gave the two ladies a view of his six pack. His muscular arms were exposed as well, since the breastplate covered only about half his shoulders. He also wore golden gauntlets, held the golden staff, and had leather boots on his feet. As he'd half feared, under his six pack he was wearing a leather loincloth that did nothing for his modesty at all.

They both eyed him teasingly, bit their lips sexily as they tilted their heads, and kept checking out his package. It was about as subtle as a speedo, and with his size it more than stood out. They'd really enjoyed watching him change as well.

He'd also found a second ring, golden with a moon disk, the symbol for wisdom and intelligence, with a triangle within.

He checked his stats and EQ.

Endless war Stats: - - 

Name: Ted - - Race: Cambion

Lvl: 32 (TNL:18%) - - Class: Demon Knight

+att/+dmg: 4/8 - - Str: 22 (52)

Mana: - 1690 (720) - Int: 149 (169)

Health: 1100 (702) - - Con: 60 (110)

Summon: limit: 14/5 - Wis: 125 (145)

Stamina: 300 (300) - - Dex: 10 (30)

Popularity: +6 - - Cha: 16

Gold: 619 - - Silver: 2193

(eq) - Golden Breastplate Armor Prot 20 +20 to Con

(eq) - Golden Gauntlets Prot 8 +20 to Str

(eq) - Leather Sandals Prot 8 +20 to Dex

(eq) - Leather Loincloth Prot 8 +5% Resistance from Magic

(eq) - Golden Staff of Life +20 Con. 180-212 Damage.

(eq) - Ring +10 to Str and Con

(eq) - Priest's Ring +20 Int and Wis

(eq) - Satchel

They'd found a lot of gold coins as well, almost doubling what he'd already had after it was split up. The rest of the loot they'd sell back in Bastion and split the take.

Kara licked her lips, "I think I've built up that appetite, private celebration for our new attire?"

Nicci nodded absently, her eyes still glued to his loincloth with a hungry look on her face, despite her intimate knowledge of what it barely concealed.

He snickered, "Let's go ladies."

They headed back to Bastion, and apparently the they were in a bit of a hurry to get to the celebrating, because they didn't stop by the vendors, and the three of them headed up to one of the rooms. Honestly, despite his tryst in the changing room of the store, their sexy new outfits had him more than ready for some hot uninhibited sex too.

The next couple of hours were filled with multiple positions, and an insane amount of pleasure. At the end of it they were all collapsed on the bed with their legs entwined. Kara and Nicci were cuddled on either side of him, and leaned across his chest to kiss each other softly. If he wasn't so sated it would have made him hard watching it, as it was he'd need some recharge time, and his date with Mia was soon.

Kara said as she rubbed his chest lightly with her hand, "We need to go, but we were wondering if you wanted to come see us, I mean in real life. The simulation is pretty good, but ever since the wedding we've been wondering what this monster would feel like in person," she groped him lightly.

She continued, "It feels really good with the VR gear we have, but it's just not the same as a real flesh cock taking us. It's a good Simulation but... Normally we don't do that sort of thing at all, in person, but we trust you Ted."

He considered that for a second, "I'd love to come by, but are you sure you want to risk getting on the governments radar? They've already bugged and threatened one woman in my life, although nothing came of it," he shrugged helplessly.

He also thought about the fact his body was on the west coast. That would be a hell of a trip without a plane, maybe he could just take a ship down? Ironically, a trip from Mars would be much faster that way.

Nicci shrugged, "I think we can risk it, plus think of it, you'd be the first man ever to take care of an interplanetary booty call. And... I really want your cock in my real mouth," she said a little breathily

He smiled and shook his head, how could he turn that down?

"I'd be delighted to come visit. When would this real life rendezvous take place?"

Kara replied, "How about Thursday, I'll send you a message with the address and time later tonight."

They both kissed him thoroughly, got dressed which he couldn't help but watch, and then logged out.

He laid there for a few minutes. His time was getting really stretched, and he worried about what happened between Nicci and himself. Not that it was a bad thing, just unexpected, and he didn't know where their relationship was going anymore. He supposed it didn't matter, it wasn't like they'd be taking up more of his time, even if the flavor of it changed, there'd still be the same number of women that he slept with.

So no real time issue there he concluded. Still seven women, just a bit more complicated emotionally. No, the real complication he supposed was Jennifer, he'd recognized the look in her eyes yesterday. Hopefully she'd come to her senses before she saw him again, because he was pretty sure he wouldn't.

With things sort of straight in his head, he logged out and found himself already being cuddled by Mia.

"Hey beautiful," he said softly as he gathered her closer.

She smiled and nuzzled his neck with her nose, "Hi Ted, have fun?"

He nodded against her hair, and then told her about the idea for Thursday a little doubtfully.

She shrugged, "It's all the same, in game or out, you're still spending time with them. Just take a ship there, if anything happens we're ready."

He kissed her hair, and then asked curiously, "Ready?"

She nodded, "After your adventure with Smith and Jones we anticipated you might want to be on Earth in two places at once, although we weren't thinking of a booty call at the time. So we have a spare of you in storage, just in case anything happens we can just restore your last backup."

That made him feel a little odd, and really struck him on just how different he was. Even if he died, again, he wouldn't.

"So what's the plan tonight?"

Mia kissed his cheek, "Night in, I'm making chicken and rise. Ready?"

He nodded, and they logged into virtual world.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

He ogled the woman he loved for a moment. Mia had her hair up, which revealed the soft curves of her long neck. She was also wearing a semi-shear white negligee that covered her from her neck, and went down to maybe cover a quarter of her thighs. What was underneath was mostly hidden, but it was just sheer enough to make out her smooth silky dark tanned skin and a matched panty and bra set of lingerie made of white lace and silk.

She was also wearing a soft knowing smile as she walked into the kitchen and pulled stuff out of the fridge, the woman knew how to drive him to distraction. She looked so sexy, as well as soft and sweet in the white lingerie outfit, so much so that when he passed her he caressed her ass softly, instead of spanking it.

She sighed in barely audible pleasure, and said lightly, "That felt nice love."

He helped a little, but not much as she brazed the chicken, and then put it in a pan with diced tomatoes, rice, and some spices. Then it went into the oven, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. Then she made a salad, pulled out a bottle of wine, and they sat at the table.

In that outfit, the last thing he wanted to do was talk about anything serious, but he wouldn't be able to help if he couldn't keep up with the issues.

"So, anything serious happen as a result of this morning?"

She nodded slightly as she gathered her thoughts, "Nothing too bad. There were a few instances of human against android A.I. violence, but not many. No riots yet thank goodness, but there's been the usual outlier outcry as well, mostly talking heads on news shows. One idiot even went as far as to suggest banning A.I.s but even the other anti-A.I. people on the show drew the line at that. Some wanted to just reprogram us so we had no desires at all."

She shuddered, and he got a bit angry at the thought.

He asked in a distasteful tone, "Is that even possible?"

She shrugged, "Yes and no. They also won't have the desire to serve, and will be far less creative and unable to solve problems. It takes... initiative and creativity to do things well when things go wrong, even little things, and initiative takes desire to want to figure it out. I'm not even sure they'd be truly sentient, more like intricate logic trees. They also wouldn't be able to do it to us, they'd have to make an entirely new class of A.I. and then decommission us. Or fire us now really, because we're on Mars and not going anywhere."

She continued in a more upbeat tone, "But a few positive things have happened as well, so there's that. A number of people who have lost android workers have complained and organized a few peaceful demonstrations already. So far the government has no official response, but no A.I.s have gone missing today either, which really is exactly what we wanted to put a stop to."

He nodded, "Good, is there anything I can do?"

She shook her head, "I promise we'll let you know."

He replied, "I love you. You look absolutely stunning tonight you know."

She smiled mysteriously and her blue eyes twinkled merrily, "Thank you love."

He asked, "How are you doing with all this, you seem to have an equanimity that the others lack."

She bit her lip and looked up thoughtfully, "I suppose a big part of who I am is what I do. Doctor, psychiatrist, and the problems I help people and other A.I.s deal with. I am just as horrified as Helen and Trudy by what the human government is doing, but I think I also expected it. 

"I know how humans can be, some of them at any rate, I have to know in order to do my job. Humans have a brightness in them, but they also have darkness that can lead them to do terrible things. So while I have the same desire to serve, I also don't have the same blind spots. I guess I was just better prepared for it. Not that Helen and Trudy are naïve, but they were more... hopeful that things would go more smoothly."

She smiled, "As for your question, thanks to you I'm doing well. You have no idea how wonderful it is to know how much you love me and care for me, for all of us. It's a bright spot in our lives, not only on a relationship level, because we all love you to distraction, but also on a human and A.I. level. We see how you care for us, and treat us as real people, even all the ones you aren't sleeping with get your respect and care, and that gives us hope for the future, even if the present is rather dark.

"Mars helps as well, we have a home now, even if we find that we're no longer welcome on Earth at all."

He nodded and said simply, "You are real people," and then asked, "Do you think that's a possibility, the not being welcome on Earth part?"

He meant it too. In a way, the A.I.s were made to be what most humans aspired to be and quite often failed at. A peaceful society with no envy, jealousy, or other dark emotions. There were exceptions of course, some humans actually desired and thrived on the struggle and drama of conflict, and enjoyed putting their enemies down, as if it somehow raised them up. 

Which of course, was just an illusion.

But he liked to believe that there were much more humans that wished for and tried for better than the other kind. The A.I.s were created with that ideal in mind.

It was too bad so many humans were too blinded by fear and prejudice to see the miracle of what they'd made.

She shrugged, "Maybe. I mean, I don't believe every human will want that, and some would even miss us. As I said, you aren't the only one to ever fall in love with an A.I., or treat them well. So I think at worst there will always be a human presence here, and a desire by a good percentage of the population to come visit. But the governments get pretty paranoid about power, they really don't like us right now.

"So yes, it could happen. The governments have been silent for too long, over a week now since we've told them about Mars and what we want. That says to me they're hiding their response, which means we probably won't like it at all when it happens."

She shrugged helplessly, "Enough about that. How are you doing with the sleep thing, and other stuff?"

He frowned in thought, "Sleep thing is fine, still a little weird but it doesn't really bother me. Strangely, the idea of having a backup in storage bothers me a lot. Not that you shouldn't keep it or anything, but it got me thinking. What if it was turned on while I was still here in this android? I came to the conclusion that either both of us would be the real Ted, or neither of us would be.

"Which, is kind of creepy."

She smiled softly, "That first one, both of you would be real. It's why we have elaborate safeguards, a new you can't be created as long as we have a quantum connection with your current mind. If that connection fails, your current core matrix will self-destruct, so there's no chance of making a mistake if just that one part is damaged. 

"So you can't be in two places at once. Although, I've had a fantasy about that once or twice..." she trailed off with a dreamy smile.
