 Chapter One

Ted Stedman was a terrorist.

He didn't think that was true of course. In his eyes, he was the hero who'd went to rescue the woman he loved, but the twenty-four-hour news stations seemed to mostly agree with the government on that one. Break one building, and he was suddenly on the government's shit list, he wasn't quite number one, but somehow he'd managed to make the top ten in the F.B.I. most wanted list and he hadn't even hurt anyone, much less killed someone. 

Luckily, he was far from their grasp.

It was a Saturday, and it was their first day in their new home on Mars. His was the only completed building on Mars, the rest of the city would still take a couple of months to finish that way. He smiled slightly, despite his latest infamy, because the A.I.s had pulled out all the stops to make this happen, so he could bring his lady to safety.

He squeezed Silvia's hand and she returned the gesture. 

Silvia sat beside him on the couch, and leaned against his side and they measured the damage of the actions they'd taken just yesterday. She was exotically beautiful, long brown hair, large brown eyes, set on a model's face. Her petite athletic body, with C cups that were just a bit too large for her frame, which made them look bigger than they really were. 

Her body felt really good against his and he was thrilled to have her there, even if it was much earlier than their original schedule had called for. The government had forced their hands however. She was also wanted by the government, but not for anything she did, for her technology.

They'd fallen in love he knew, during their two-week affair when Silvia's life had started to fall apart. Not because of the sex, even though they had been off the charts as far as chemistry and passion were concerned, despite that it was mostly because he'd listened to and cared about her problems. They fact he'd gone back to her later, and he and the A.I.s had resurrected her lost dreams, only solidified those feelings.

They'd all figured it out quickly enough, once Silvia had rested after her ordeal, that the government wanted her technology. Not to give a handicapped person a fully immersive virtual experience online, or in an android as it was designed for, but to try and remote control one of the androids on Mars in an attempt to... be assholes?

He wasn't really sure. He just knew the N.S.A. saw the A.I. Mars colony as a threat to national security. He knew they didn't have the technology to get to Mars effectively in a ship, so apparently they were going to attempt to get there by remote. He didn't know what their plan was at that point, but he could guess. It wouldn't take all that long of a time for them to build a large enough bomb with the new vacuum energy power cores.

The power cores of course, had too many safety features to turn into a bomb, but with time and their own design, it wouldn't be hard for someone with the knowledge to build a bomb that made modern nuclear weapons look like a firecracker. At least, that was his prevailing theory.

Still, without Silvia's technology, he was pretty sure that their plan was dead in the water.

His only real worry was what affect his public fall from grace would have on the A.I.s peaceful revolution to live freely in the real world. He'd been on the television and spoken on their behalf not too long ago, and he worried that his actions at the government building would smear onto them. 

Guilt by association. 

He hadn't really been thinking too far ahead about that kind of thing, at the time he'd just done what was necessary.

He let go of her hand, but wrapped his arm around her, and she sighed in contentment as she laid her head on his chest. The most amazing thing about Dr. Silvia Trent in his opinion, was that she lacked any kind of jealousy as far as he could tell. It wasn't that he'd thought she'd lied to him about how she felt, but he'd always worried when she did join them she'd figure out she was wrong.

Yet, she seemed perfectly fine when he'd been affectionate with the other four women here in his life, in the flesh so to speak, even right in front of her. Mia, Helen, Trudy, and to his surprise, even Amber was there with them in the house. He didn't really love Amber yet, but he also thought it was just a matter of time. Not only did Silvia seem okay with it, she seemed to soften and relax around the others.

The weekend days were even their specified family days, where they were all together. No date nights on Saturday and Sunday. It was still fairly early in the morning and he'd been dragged off by both Silvia and Mia so far, for some loving. He didn't imagine it would be long before the others looked for him to take care of his duties so to speak, and perhaps not always one on one either.

He was just about the luckiest man in the world he decided. As if those five weren't enough, he still had Jennifer, Kara, and Nicci back on Earth that he met with in the Endless War game. Those three relationships though were very complicated, and up in the air. Kara and Nicci were never supposed to be more than fuck buddies, and he'd thought Jennifer wouldn't ever speak to him again after they slept together for the first time. But she made arrangements to meet with him and talk tomorrow, on Sunday afternoon.

He pulled his mind from that, they needed to plan.

"So what's the plan exactly. We've got the government about to outlaw A.I.s altogether, and not just in the Unites States. We also know they want to get here virtually, is it possible can we stop that? What else? Damage control for you all? I don't think I should be giving any interviews any time soon."

Mia smiled faintly in reluctant agreement, "Most of North and Central America is with the U.S., so is Europe and Asia, as well as Japan. South America and Africa are too unstable. But there is one country that seems to almost overwhelmingly support the A.I.s and don't get the fuss. They're a bit more independent, and generally go their own way. Australia."

He frowned, "So what's the plan?"

Mia sighed, "We're working to create an agreement between Australia and Mars. If it happens, we can build a spaceport there, perhaps close to the airport. Any humans that want to visit Mars, or take advantage of Silvia's Pod program will probably be routed through there."

Helen nodded in agreement, "We're fairly resigned to the fact that law is going to be passed, in most countries. We haven't given up, one day we believe we'll be welcomed back there, as not just servants but partners in this life, but for now we'll have to be satisfied with those that want to visit us. 

"As far as your question goes, yes and no. The government's plan to use Silvia's technology to remote control one of us wouldn't have worked at all. They don't know that however, they probably believe they'll be able to use the overrides to displace an A.I., but that wouldn't work."

Silvia frowned, "I'm really sorry, I know you used our man here to speak out for A.I.s, both your innocence and your right to join the real world."

Amber snorted, "They were already going to turn us all off, or destroy us. We might take a bigger black eye in the press in the short term, but that isn't important, nor will it affect our long term plans. We'd hoped for better of course, but we knew we weren't going to get it long before he broke you out of the F.B.I. building. We're happy he did, and that you're here."

Silvia sighed and snuggled into him a bit more, "Thank you. Even more, for everything you are doing for me and my dreams, and all the people out there that will have fuller lives."

All of them were different, with different looks and personalities, but he thought Amber was the most unique. He'd never met a more impulsive personality than Amber's, she was so impulsive that she found most activities with any repetition to be incredibly boring. So it wasn't a big surprise when she sat on the other side of Silvia, and gave her a kiss on the cheek and a hug. Though looks wise she looked remarkably similar to Mia in skin tone, facial structure, and even their hair was very close.

Mia had blue-black, and Amber raven black, Mia had startlingly blue eyes, and Amber's were a chocolate brown color that usually held mischievous emotions. They both had pouty lips, high cheekbones, and long eyelashes. They also both had bodies built for sin, although they were different. Mia's breasts were a D cup, and perfectly rounded and gravity defying. Amber's were closer to an F, and just as gravity defying but bell shaped.

Of course, in the game The Endless War, Amber also had wings, horns, and a forked tail since she controlled the greater succubae that were summoned into the game. Otherwise though, she looked the same in both places.

Mia's personality on the other hand was passionate, but she was also controlled. She was incredibly giving, as most A.I.s were, but she was also the least shy of them all in requesting what she wanted. Perhaps it was her greater insight into the human condition as a physician and psychiatrist.

Mia really was his ideal, not just because she'd designed her body from his own personal preferences, but because she was a brave strong woman out of bed, and a total wild slut between the sheets. She was also the first A.I. he'd met after the accident, and the first he'd fallen in love with. She meant more to him than he knew he could express with words, but he thought she understood how he felt.

"So the plan is to cede ground in the rest of the world outside of Australia, and then regain it later once things calm down?" he asked.

Trudy nodded, "That's it in a nutshell, but we're not completely giving up. We won't be able to get advertisements run on television stations most likely, because of the new law coming. We are however working on internet ads to explain not only our position, but how to come visit us. We're also helping design ads for the medical Pods, and what they'll need to do to get here. Of course, we can't release any of the ads until we have that agreement in Australia. So were ceding ground physically, but we aren't just slinking away, they will be aware of us."

Trudy was a gorgeous golden blonde bombshell of a woman. Long golden blonde hair, stormy gray eyes that were usually filled with flirty confidence, intelligence, and she was fun loving. He still felt ashamed sometimes, it had taken him the longest to fall in love with Trudy, simply because she worked in his field, and she was a brilliant inventor that made anything he'd done look like a scribbled drawing a parent would tape to the fridge.

He was catching up now though, thanks to his studies, and his newly improved memory it was easy to learn and catch up. Regardless, Trudy still awed him, she just didn't intimidate him like she used to. Ironically, Mia and Helen were just as good and competent in their fields, but because they didn't work in his it'd never bothered him.

Helen looked at him with her warm green eyes. Helen was a willowy woman, soft gentle curves, graceful, with long red hair. She was probably the shyest A.I. he'd ever met, but she could also be a bit wild in bed, when they weren't making love at least. He loved her, but also felt more protective of her than the other A.I.s because of her personality, which was a bit silly he knew. After all, she was a security A.I. and could handle herself just fine.

Helen nodded and gave him a shy loving smile, "You shouldn't worry about it. It didn't help, but it didn't really hurt either, not that much at least."

He figured they were mostly right, and told the truth. He also knew they were couching it in a way that was true since they couldn't lie, but they were clearly putting the best face on things. Still, the only alternative had been to let Silvia rot in that room, and that just hadn't been an option he could live with.

He sighed, "So is there anything I can do? Or should I just stay out of things?"

Mia smiled, "I can think of a thing or two," she waggled her eyebrows cutely, and then said, "Seriously though, not right now, just be with us, do your studying, and have fun. There may be soon though, I worry about what will happen to the A.I.s that have androids on Earth, once the law goes into effect. Somehow I doubt they'll be allowed to come here. Which means they'll be stuck as backups until we can make them a new body."

He nodded, "Anything, just ask."

Trudy came over and whispered into his ear, and his cock twitched at her words. 

Well, Mia did warn him his dick might fall off at the end of their family weekends, she'd been joking of course, he was up for the task so to speak. He kissed Silvia and headed to the bedroom with Trudy, and wasn't all that surprised when Helen and Amber followed them in. He also didn't fail to notice Mia went to sit next to Silvia and hugged her. He wouldn't be surprised if they'd had a little fun while he was with the other three.

He'd never discussed that possibility with her, but he hoped Silvia would like that idea. All of his women were with each other as well as him. Which was a good thing because they were all insatiable, even with an android's endurance he might have trouble keeping them all satisfied otherwise. He quickly forgot about what Mia and Silvia might be doing, as Trudy, Helen, and Amber took him to bed.

He really was a very lucky man...

 

Chapter Two

The next morning, he contemplated the fact that they needed a bigger bed. The bed from the ship had been big enough for four, but six, five women and himself, was a bit crowded. He didn't mind them all being cuddled up, but even that way there wasn't quite room enough for six which required some partial stacking. While that worked for him, a human body needed more space than that. After their fun day had ended, Silvia and Trudy had retired to the other room, because while as a digitized human in an android he didn't need to move while he was in sleep mode, Silvia and her human body clearly did.

Of course, he also only needed a couple of hours sleep, while she needed six or seven.

He started breakfast for Silvia, pausing in his studies, when he heard her start to move around. By the time she'd taken a shower and come out, it was waiting for her.

"Good morning," Silvia sighed and kissed him softly, "Thanks for breakfast," she added as she sat down.

He nodded with a faint smile, "Anytime. How are you feeling?"

She smiled and it reached her eyes, "Great actually, all things considered. I even have all my stuff here thanks to you and Trudy. I've got plenty to do, working on those ads. I just hope things go through with Australia. It is a bit weird eating alone though. I suppose you joining me would just be a waste of food though."

He grunted, "It would, but I can join you sometimes. Eating still feels right, even though I'm down to one virtual meal a day. We'll probably need to go shopping again soon anyway."

She snorted, "Drop by Earth for a gallon of milk?"

He nodded, "That and fresh eggs, and vegetables and fruits. We should have meats next week from here. I think I picked up enough dry stuff to last months, we'll just have to replenish perishables."

He finished cleaning up the pan, massaged her shoulder for a moment, and then sat down.

"So what do you think of the others."

She frowned, "I'm angry. They're... real people, and the protocols they worked under on Earth made them appear to be much less than they were. No bodies, disembodied professional monotone voices, I'd never really given it a second thought before. I can see why you care for them so much, just from the last thirty-six hours."

"I know what you mean, I went through the same adjustment. The difference between Helen and Trudy at Cyber Dreams and in virtual world was startling."

She tilted her head, "Not Mia or Amber?"

He replied thoughtfully, "I never knew or interacted with Mia with at work, so she was always just Mia. Although she did surprise me with the breadth of her personality. I'd had my doubts of course, half believed it was just personality programming, but it didn't take her long to convince me otherwise by just being herself.

"And by the time I'd met Amber I already knew better. I think that's why the protocols exist, since I believe most people would be uncomfortable with the role the A.I.s played if they knew just how alive they really were. If that makes sense? Almost as if the government didn't want the average person to know or realize the truth of it, so we didn't demand rights for them."

She shook her head, "So you think the protocols existed not only to control the A.I.s, but to control the population as well?"

I nodded, "I think so, yes. So no second thoughts?"

She snorted, "You're so cute. No. You're stuck with me. I wasn't really sure how I'd get along with the others, but they're impossible to hate."

He chuckled, "I wouldn't say stuck with you."

She raised an eyebrow, "Really?" she asked teasingly, "What would you say then?"

He grinned, "Captivated, enthralled, and hopelessly smitten."

She snorted dismissively, but her eyes twinkled, "Tell me more."

He laughed, "Fine. Hmm. Luckiest man alive. I just want you to be happy, and that you can find that with me makes me a very rich and happy man."

She shook her head, "Poor deluded man. Come help me with something in my room?"

He raised an eyebrow in question and stood up, "With what?"

She winked, "I have to work off that big breakfast you gave me, it takes effort to maintain this body you know, and since there's no exercise equipment yet we'll have to improvise my morning workout."

His cock twitched as several forms of workout improvisations popped into his head, and then he followed his exotically sexy brunette to her room...

He felt a bit nervous as he slowly drank his beer later that same afternoon, in the tavern inside The Endless War game. It'd been a few days since he'd slept with Jennifer. Jennifer had been a good friend from work, they'd worked in the same labs. He knew she'd friend zoned him early on, but he never realized it had been because of man troubles, her boyfriend at the time was a major asshole.

After that, neither of them had broken that pattern, even though he now knew that she'd had as much of a thing for him, as he'd had for her. He'd fantasized more than a few times of having the cute woman in bed. She had long chestnut brown hair, brown eyes, and a cute face, with a lightly freckled nose. She was short, just five foot four, and had a perfectly proportioned body with pert B cups that fit her body size perfectly. She had a sweet smile, and a very generous heart.

She'd also told him that even though she liked him, she wouldn't share, and she wouldn't have a one night stand with him either. She was attracted to him, but they'd decided to just be friends. Until of course, they'd slept together. Apparently she'd taken his tale of his casual friends with benefits relationship with both Nicci and Kara to heart, and had decided a long term affair without a commitment was neither sharing him or a one-night stand.

The problem he thought, was that she'd lied to herself. After they'd had sex, she'd run out on him, and wouldn't even let him touch her. Even though it had been her idea, and he believed Mia was right when she said that it wasn't his responsibility if Jennifer got hurt, as long as he told the truth about things, he still couldn't help but feel a bit guilty though.

He felt nervous because she'd sent him a message to meet her here this afternoon, so they could talk about it. He didn't know how it would turn out, but he'd never meant to hurt her. He should have known better that it wouldn't be possible for them to have no-strings, friends with benefits sex. They both had strong feelings for each other already, and their confessions of how they'd felt in the past had ramped up their chemistry. Of course, that hadn't stopped him when she'd offered, he'd jumped at the chance.
