 Author's note: Hey all, so were closing in on the end of Ted's story, maybe two more posts. It will be the end of both book three and the series. And being a big jerk, I'm going on vacation. So yeah... expect a week delay or so before the last two posts or so go up, to finish out the series. I know some of you probably think I'm losing my mind, an eight woman harem, and now an alien princess on the side. It's all Ted's fault... he's a total slut.

 The action should pick up a bit in the last two posts or so, you know, when I get back from vacation. This post is relationship heavy, just how it worked out. Anyway, I'll shut up now, enjoy...



Chapter Twelve

 He walked down the stairs into the tavern and took a look around, and then walked over to the table and sat down. He'd seen when he logged in that they were all on. Ray, Kathy, Bill, and Tom all nodded at him as he waved at the wench across the room.

 "Afternoon, what's going on? Good to see you two," he said to Kathy and Ray.

 Not to leave out Tom and Bill, but he'd wondered where the other two were since Tom mentioned they hadn't been around. 

 Ray shrugged, "You aren't the only terrorist you know," he quipped, and then he snickered. It looked like he had a slight buzz.

 Kathy glared at Ray, but bit her lip as her lips twitched anyway.

 She explained, "Our youngest was suspended for a week, for being threatening. That's why we weren't around."

 He frowned, "Threatening?"

 Ray snorted, "He drew a picture of a new sword he got while gaming. It was actually really cool looking, and he just wanted to show his friends. Apparently even a picture of a weapon is too threatening and influential on tender young minds."

 His mouth dropped open, "Seriously?"

 Kathy nodded in disgust, "He doesn't really get it, but we had to teach him to not talk about or even reference gaming anymore if he was in school. The damned school threatened us with children services if he ever gets in trouble again."

 He winked at the scantily clad tavern wench in thanks as she handed him an ale, she winked back before flouncing away.

 Tom frowned, "I didn't see you order that."

 He shrugged, "I waved at her on the way to seat. I always get the same thing."

 Tom nodded.

 He wondered if the good service was more gratefulness from the A.I.s and asked, "Is that strange?"

 Tom shrugged, "I suppose not."

 Kathy asked him, "So what's going on with you, what's the real story behind your terrorism?"

 He just explained the bare bones, "They were holding someone I care about. I didn't hurt anyone, but I did blow out a window on the tenth floor, and helped someone leave that was being held as a national security asset against their will."

 Bill cleared his throat, "They say there were explosions in the field next to the building?"

 He nodded in agreement, "Yes, some jets tried to take out the ship with air to air missiles. The ship redirected their fire into an empty field. The explosions were the government's doing. The fact that no one got harmed by it was mine. Or at least, my ship's."

 Ray shook his head, "They're saying you were responsible. Figures."

 "Well, I did break the law. Technically, so were they by holding someone against their will in an attempt to seize their technology. I'm not very broken up about it."

 Tom frowned, "I don't mean to play devil's advocate, but the government is allowed to seize properties, even intellectual, for national interests."

 "Maybe, but they can also be sued to justify it. There's a reason they snatched the scientist on the street, instead of just seizing the data from Cyber Dreams."

 Kathy sighed, "Good point Ted," she switched tracks, "You all jumped ahead of us this past week, so we're going to kill stuff."

 Ray snickered, "Yup, while I imagine it's a certain principal."

 Kathy giggled as they stood up and then they left the tavern for outside.

 Bill, Tom, and himself talked for a little while longer as he drank down his ale and got started with the second one, when he got a message.

 Kara: Come upstairs, our usual room.

 Ted: Be right there.

 "Got to run guys, see you later?" he asked before he drained the rest of the ale number two and stood up.

 Tom and Bill nodded, and Bill said, "Later Ted, watch your back."

 "I will."

 He headed over to the stairs and went up to what he thought of as his room...





He froze in shock for a split second as he opened the door, for two reasons.

 The first was that Kara looked incredibly sexy. That wasn't knew, but sexy in a different way. Her red hair was down, and it was longer like in real life. Her chocolate brown eyes twinkled with mischief, as she took him in with a faint smile on her face, and licked her lips sexily. She was not in her usual bustier armor either, she was wearing a matching pair of black lingerie panty and bra set, and nothing else.

 The second thing which had made him freeze for a moment, was that there was no Nicci, which was another first. They were always together, and never played alone. Even the one exception Kara had given for Nicci and him to sleep together alone, Kara had been right outside the door while they'd been together.

 He was speechless as she sauntered over to him with a knowing smile on her face, as he unfroze and closed the door. He was about to ask what was going on, but she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him passionately, as she melted herself against his body and moaned softly into his mouth. At that point he figured questions could wait.

 Her hands expertly removed his armor in seconds, and it was his turn to moan into her mouth, when with the lightest of touches she started to slowly stroke his manhood. She broke the kiss and smiled at him, and then without a word turned and swayed alluringly to the bed, crawled into it, and turned her head around and looked over her shoulders on all fours with a heated look in her eyes.

 He was rock hard as he walked over and joined her. He was still curious what was going on, maybe after Nicci got a solo run with him she wanted one too? His brain wasn't exactly working the best right now.

 "You look stunning Kara."

 She smirked, a bit of her usual fire showing through, "Glad you approve, now come ravish me. Nicci knows I'm here alone with you. It was actually her idea after you and her..."

 She trailed off as he started to lean down, and slightly parted her lips as he claimed them with his. She sighed in pleasure at the soft but demanding kiss as he explored her body with his hands.

 Something was going on, but he could figure it out later, much later.

 Kara's body was firm and supple, but she completely yielded herself to him, and let him set the pace. He explored her mouth with his own for quite a while before he broke the kiss. He kissed his way down to her neck, and over to her ears, while his hands explored the nubile body below him that he knew so well, which set off little gasps of delight from her lips right next to his ears.

 His cock throbbed and twitched in her hands as she lightly wrapped a hand around him and started to stroke. He reached between her breasts, and unsnapped the bra which freed her generous and rounded C cup breasts, which he started to tease with his fingertips.

 Her breathing hitched and sped up as he kissed his way down to her breasts, and started to worship them with teasing lips, tongue, and fingers.

 Kara sighed in pleasure, and with his cock now out of reach, she entwined her fingers into his hair, and arched her back to push her breasts into his face and hand.

 "That feels so good Ted," she said in a breathless tone that didn't hold her usual challenge, or sultry tones. Her voice had been soft, beyond sensual, and full of the tones of surrender.

 He almost came right there, and would have if she'd still been stroking him. He didn't know what was going on, or where the aggressive Kara was, but at the moment he didn't care.

 He kissed his way down her stomach, leaving his hands behind to continue to tease and please her breasts, and placed a soft kiss on her mound through her panties, which were absolutely soaked with her desire. The scent of her arousal made him moan deeply, and he only removed his hands from her luscious breasts long enough to slip her panties off.

 He did it slowly, as if with reverence. His fingertips slid down her legs slowly, as he removed the lacey soft garment, and then he leaned in with anticipation and licked her lightly. Usually their sex was aggressive, and even very rough. This time he savored each lick as he teased and pleased her silken folds, and only very occasionally grazed her clit. He made love to her sex with his mouth, while his hands gently cradled and caressed her ass cheeks, and the most intense part about it was his eyes had never once left hers.

 Her chocolate brown eyes were filled with wonder and pleasure as he took her slowly toward the edge, and then tipped her over it.

 Kara gasped, arched her back, and ground against his face, "Ted!" she cried out in a breathless whisper, and then little gasping breaths and noises of pleasure filled his ears as he licked her through her orgasm, and claimed her juices with his mouth and tongue.

 Kara trembled as she came down, and said softly, "Ted, please, take me, I need you inside me."

 He'd never heard such a yearning soft tone from her lips before, and the other surprise was the words themselves. Usually her bed talk was sultry and dirty, and peppered with words like fuck, cock, and pussy. He knew his relationship with Kara and Nicci had been changing, and this apparently was another one. He'd known for a while Nicci cared for him, if not loved him, but the soft words or aching need from Kara nearly undid him right there.

 He found he cared about Kara far more than even he'd thought, and wondered at their future. But now wasn't the time.

 He kissed his way back up her body slowly, and then stared deeply into her eyes as he lined up with her hot ready sheath, and slowly slid into her tight sex. The connection between them was so intense as he completely filled her, and stretched her out. He gasped and tried to hold on, she was so tight, and looked up at him with emotions he'd never seen in her eyes before.

 She smiled knowingly and said, "Go ahead Ted, fill me. I want you to, we have plenty of time for round..." she cut off with widening eyes and gasp as his cock surged, and expanded, stretching her out even more as his body grew numb, and a rapturous pleasure gripped his mind and body.

 He whispered, "Kara," as he started to fill her with shot after shot of his seed, their eyes locked intimately as she followed him, and she started to tremble and shake in ecstasy, his orgasm setting off hers.

 She wrapped a hand around his neck and pulled him down for a soft loving kiss as they started to come down together.

 As soon as he was able to control his muscles, he started to rock in and out of her just an inch or two. It was so intense, she was so tight, and the pleasurable friction was almost too much to bear against his oversensitive glans, but he worked through it, and never even softened the slightest bit.

 She gasped in both pleasure and surprise into his mouth, and started to grind her body up against his meeting the gentle thrusts of his body. She broke the kiss and caressed his face, as they once again locked eyes.

 He felt overwhelmed and more than a little surprised, as he found himself making love to Kara. Wild, sexy, insatiable, delightfully dirty, and aggressive Kara... and she was making love to him back, and the look of surrender and love in her eyes absolutely blew him away. It was beyond intense as they he lost himself in the pleasures of her body, and the overwhelmingly intimate connection of their hearts.

 He lost track of time, and of the number of times she'd reached blissful completion under his loving ministrations. He couldn't last forever though, and perhaps after another hour, maybe longer, he felt the familiar feeling and started to expand within her. He filled her again as his body and mind were drowned in ecstasy that seemed to both last forever, and was entirely too short.

 He rolled off of her, and gathered her into his arms. They stared at each other in amazement, both of them obviously shocked at the intensity and depth of their feelings, and they shared tender soft kisses, for quite a while before either of them spoke.

 She sighed in pleasure, and contentment, as she snuggled into him.

 "I didn't expect that," she said simply.

 He smiled, "That's an understatement. I knew I cared for you but that was..." he trailed off, not even sure how to quantify it.

 She said, "Nicci loves you too you know, I don't... I didn't expect this. We were thrilled to find you, a man that treated both of us well even outside of our admittedly intense bedroom games. But it was never meant for anything other than spicing up our bedroom life."

 Too? Kara loves him? He couldn't help but grin, and feel a little relieved. Not that his life hadn't just become even more complicated.

 "I didn't expect it either, the question is what now? I'm..."

 She kissed him when he stopped talking, it was a soft loving kiss, and then she caressed his face, "Tell me."

 "I love you, and Nicci too. Along with a number of others. I know one of the reasons you two stayed with me is I didn't make any demands, but with my heart involved, I don't think I could share you anymore. If you don't decide to take Nicci and run for the hills I mean."

 She giggled, it was a soft sweet sound.

 "Did you think there were others? Yes, you were just the man that spiced up our bed with a beautifully large cock and a very talented tongue, but mostly we're content with just each other in bed. We only met with you every four or five days or so, they rest of the time was just us, there were no others. 

 "Before you yes, of course there were others, but after you no. One boy toy at a time, it's a rule," she said with a naughty grin.

 She added, "Not from any moral stance, but from a practical one. We only had time for one at a time. It was simpler that way too and avoided problems. Does that make sense? So now... well there's no reason to even have another one, unless we break up."

 He kissed her softly, and then said, "So what prompted this, I mean what did you expect."

 She grinned, "I know Nicci loves you. I cared about you too, and I wanted to see what would happen if we were alone together. To see if you'd sleep with me gently and caringly like you had with Nicci. Kind of a relationship barometer. 

 "It's too easy to lie with words, I wanted to know the truth by your touch, and by the look in your eyes as we slept together. I couldn't have imagined how powerful or life changing it would be. I love you Ted, and that scares the fucking shit out of me. What's going to happen now?"

 He pondered that for a moment, he knew Kara was taking business as a major, and Nicci was going into psychology. He decided to go for broke.

 "Well, there will be plenty of businesses on Mars, and I have it on good authority that A.I.s need psychologists just as much as humans do."

 Kara snickered, "So you want us to move to Mars and join your growing family? That would be what, eight of us?"

 He winked, "I have a very big bed."

 She giggled, "Seriously. That's a pretty heavy thought. I love Nicci so much, and she's my life. I think she'd probably go for that, I know I would, I think, but we should discuss it. Also, we have another year of college after this one, so there's no real need to rush. 

 "Most likely we'll just continue to meet here for a long while anyway. Perhaps we can even do the one on one thing once in a while. It's weird to even think that though, it's always been just her and me, and an extra bed warmer."

 He nodded, "You're right, there's no need to rush, and I'll see you both here. If our newfound love is true and strong enough, it won't hurt to take things slow and finish college."

 She smirked, "You can visit us again, we just need to work out when and I'll let you know. I'm glad to see you're not in a rush, or trying to tell us what to do."

 He frowned in thought, "I'll still get to see you both. How do you feel about the fact I have six other lovers?"

 She giggled, "I'm not worried about that at all, after all I'm already used to sharing you with Nicci who I love to distraction. I've already met Amber, and to be honest I'm kind of looking forward to meeting the others, although that could take a long time."

 He shrugged, "Maybe not. You have to finish school, and won't be moving anytime soon, if ever, but that doesn't mean it isn't just as easy for you to visit me on Mars as it is for me to visit you on the east coast."

 Her eyes widened, and then she smiled shyly, "I'll have to talk to Nicci about that as well then."

 She reached down and started to fondle him, "Now show me again just how much you love me Ted Stedman."

 He smiled, and got right on that...

  

 Chapter Thirteen

 It was still early evening when he logged out. His date tonight, on Wednesdays, was with Mia. Still, he had a little time, so he decided to check on Xia. He hadn't really heard anything through his doubled hearing in a while, and he wondered what was going on.

 He wasn't sure what was taking Mia so long to give him a suggestion on how to get them to snap out of it and go back to their race's base form, he'd have to ask her about it later. He also thought he'd probably talk to her about Nicci and Kara as well, the five extra bedrooms were looking to be insufficient now. He shook his head, and bounced to alternate android.

 The room was empty. He got up, got dressed, and left by the door. He almost tripped over two copies in a sixty-nine right outside the door. So much for his hope that it was taken care of. With his perfect memory, he had no problem finding his way to the room he was first taken too. Various members of the crew, all who looked identical to Xia's sexy and beautiful form, were either self-pleasuring, or helping each other out.

 He shook his head as he entered the room with the tubs, and he identified Xia merely by the screaming pleasure of her second as she begged Xia to fuck her harder. Xia wore a dildo, and they were in the tub which appeared to be filled with hot water, and Xylla was bent over the side taking it hard and fast. He stepped back out and let the door close before they saw him, he had no doubt they'd offer him one of their holes if they saw him.

 He'd never thought such a hot scene would ever turn him off, but his cock hadn't even twitched at the sight. They were really hot too, stunningly sexy and exquisitely lovely, but things had gone on too long. There was a desperation to it that struck him as horrible. He started to explore the ship and avoided any invitations to join the crew, which seemed to be fucking all over the ship.

 Eventually, he found his way to the core of the ship, and walked into what he assumed was the control center. There was one person in there, and she was taking herself hard and fast with a dildo, he wasn't even sure she noticed that he'd walked into the room.

 He opened up a connection with Helen and spoke privately.

 "Helen, can you try and access this ship through me, see if you can find a database on their race's psychology and physiology. Something to help Mia figure out how to help break them out of this." 

 He also reluctantly said, "Also, if you do manage to get in there, might as well share any technical information you find with Trudy."

 He felt a bit guilty about that, that would in essence be stealing secrets from an empire Earth was joining whether they liked it or not. But if they couldn't solve this problem, he had no doubts that the empress would lay waste to Earth if she had to put her own daughter down. If they broke quarantine it would be a disaster.
