 We staggered into Liv's bedroom, frantically kissing and touching. She stumbled backward and ended up leaning on the edge of her desk. I straddled her leg and pushed my thigh between hers. She moaned happily at the stimulation and returned the favor by rolling her hips against me, putting pressure on my cock. We moved together, grinding and gasping as we kissed.

She pulled the band from my ponytail so she could run her fingers through my hair. Then she surprised me by grabbing a handful and tugging my head back so she could lick my neck. As she moved downward, each brush of her lips sent a shiver of pleasure through my body. By the time she returned to kissing me, I was breathing hard.

Her hands moved down my shoulders to my breasts, and I cried out as she dragged her thumbs over my nipples. Then she reached down to pull up the back of my dress, exposing my bare ass. She gave it a sharp slap, and my half-hearted squawk of protest made her laugh. She did it again and again until my ass was tingling and I was writhing against her.

I couldn't believe this was happening. I'd been fantasizing about Liv all day and now, finally, here she was in my arms. But even as my desire mounted, doubt crept into my mind. Had I imagined the connection between us? I worried she was acting out of some sense of obligation. Did she want _me_, or was she just helping a friend with a problem?

"Wait," I gasped, pulling myself from her lips with some difficulty. "Liv, stop for a second." She looked concerned when I abruptly stepped back, breaking contact. I nervously tugged down the hem of my dress and wrapped my arms protectively around myself. I was painfully aware of my cock jutting lewdly toward my best friend. "Do you... Are you sure you want to do this?"

"I... Yeah, I mean, don't you?" She seemed flustered by the question. Her chest was flushed, and she self-consciously brushed her hair away from her eyes.

"Yes! God, yes. But you've been taking care of me all day. I just... I had to make sure you weren't only doing this because you thought I needed it."

"Oh, Trish. Honey, no." She smiled warmly, and I grinned with relief. "I want this. Maybe this morning it started as helping you get through but since then? I mean, I wasn't expecting _anything_ that happened today. I'm as surprised as you are, but I'm into this. I'm into _you_."

I felt like I was glowing. My breath caught, and a spreading warmth grew in my breast. I wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. My cock twitched below my dress as if to remind me that I still had some rather urgent physical needs.

"But most of all?" she continued, lowering her voice to a passionate growl. "I want your cock inside me before that pill wears off."

In a heartbeat, I was kissing her again, with my fingers laced in her hair. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders as her tongue moved against mine. The heat between us grew, and she whimpered as I returned to grinding against her. My cock throbbed with every movement, eager for more direct attention.

"Mmm... Pull my hair," Liv purred. I gathered a handful and gave it a gentle tug. I felt her hand wrap around my cock, but she wasn't satisfied.

"Harder..." she hissed in my ear. I tugged sharply, pulling her head back. She gasped happily as I buried my face against her exposed neck. I licked her skin and sucked hard enough to leave a mark.

"Ah! Yesss, like that," she groaned as she tugged and stroked my shaft. "Now put your fingers in my mouth," she begged. I brushed my fingertips over her lips and watched with growing excitement as she parted them for me. Tentatively, I placed two against her tongue and slowly pushed in. She responded by grinding on my thigh and rubbing her thumb against the sensitive head of my cock.

As I worked my fingers deeper, she grunted and tried not to gag. Seeing her eyes water, I worried I'd gone too far, and started to pull out, but she moaned in protest. Her lips closed around me, sucking hard and swallowing to go deeper. I followed her lead and pushed further. Her back arched, and she bucked her hips against me.

When she finally let me remove my fingers, I moved my hand between her thighs to press against her mound. She gasped and struggled with the buttons on her jeans as I caressed her through the thin fabric. As soon as they were undone, she grabbed my hand and slipped it into her panties. She moaned with anticipation while my fingers moved through her thick bush.

I found her lips already slick with her juices and easily slipped one finger between them to probe her opening. She dropped her head against my shoulder, her knees squeezing together and her whole body seeming to fold around me as I pushed deeper. Her insides clenched, soft walls squeezing hot and tight around me.

But when I slid my finger out and moved toward her clit, she stiffened against me, and I felt her fingernails dig into my wrist. "Not yet," she breathed in my ear. Then her hand slipped over the top of mine, and she pushed me further downward.

I grinned and took the hint, slipping my finger back inside. Liv gasped and blossomed around me, loosening invitingly. I added a second finger, her soft inner walls eagerly yielding to me. I pushed further, curling my fingers into a come-hither motion.

She rocked backward and made eye contact with me, still tightly holding my hand inside her panties. Her mouth hung open, and she panted with need, as I began moving my fingers more insistently. I wrapped my other hand around my cock and started stroking.

"Oh, Trish! Just like that," Liv repeated as she started rocking in time with my movement. "You're gonna make me cum." Her breathing was coming in explosive gasps as she rolled her hips, rubbing against my hand.

"Right there!" She grunted as she began clenching involuntarily. "Don't move!" I stopped what I was doing and felt her insides grip me tightly, over and over. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she groaned long and low. A gush of hot liquid drenched my fingers as she came.

Liv only released her grip on my wrist after the last of the aftershocks rolled through her body. I leaned in to kiss her, and she moaned happily as my lips met hers. When I removed my hand, I teasingly grazed her clit, making her shiver. She watched, chest heaving, as I stepped away from her and brought my fingers to my mouth. I carefully licked up every trace of her honey, savoring her flavor and the wanton lust in her eyes.

Suddenly she growled and lunged at me. I squealed with delight as I felt her grab the bottom of my dress and pull it roughly over my head. She tossed it in the corner of her room, and I was left standing naked except for a white lace bralette. Her eyes roamed hungrily over my body as I pulled that off, too. I bit my lip when I saw the lust in her eyes at the sight of the nicely trimmed landing strip above my engorged cock.

She pushed me back onto the bed, and I propped myself up on my elbows to watch as she stripped for me. She peeled her top off, revealing a cute black bra with pink trim, which she unhooked and let fall to the floor. Her breasts were bigger than mine with large dark nipples that contrasted against her caramel skin. She turned away from me as she shimmied her jeans down her hips, before kicking them into the corner as well. When she bent over to peel off her soaking wet panties, I caught a peek of pink pussy lips nestled in her full bush, and I felt a surge of lust.

"Fuuuck me," I said, a little louder than I intended.

"Oh, I'm going to." Liv shot me a pleased smile over her shoulder as she straightened up. She spun around with an exaggerated supermodel flourish and hair flip. Her eyes glowed with desire as she sauntered toward the bed.

I licked my lips with anticipation as she crawled up the bed, moving between my legs. My cock twitched eagerly, and she responded by licking the full length of it. I gasped and dropped my head back on her pillow as she took me in her mouth and swirled her tongue around the tip. I heard her make a pleased sound as she tasted a bit of precum, but I wanted more than her mouth.

"Please," I moaned, "I want to be in you."

"Not yet," she purred, releasing me with a loud wet pop. "I want to grind against this beast." Then she moved up to straddle me, sitting on top of my cock, pressing it against my pelvis. She bit her lip as she spread her labia and nestled the girth of my shaft against her.

I groaned as she started moving her hips, sliding up and down the length of me, but never quite letting me inside. Her juices coated us both, hot and slippery. My cock was throbbing and twitching, and all I could think about was what it would feel like to finally bury myself inside her.

Liv closed her eyes and squeezed her breasts, pinching her nipples. She was rocking rhythmically on me, grunting with exertion. I could tell she was still on the plateau and was working herself up to another orgasm. I squirmed under her, toes curling. I wanted so badly to feel the heat of her cunt swallow me. I'd never experienced something so thrillingly arousing and intensely frustrating.

When she started rubbing her clit, I lost all restraint. I started bucking my hips to force her forward so my cock would slip inside. She gave me a swat and carried on rubbing herself. I groaned in frustration and tried to hold still.

"Trish, your cock is so hot against me," she gasped. I could tell she was about to cum again. Her chest was flushed, and she was sliding rapidly along the length of my cock, fingers flying in tight circles around her clit. It was so hard not to grab her hips and start fucking her. I could feel my own orgasm simmering and getting closer. I slapped the mattress and grabbed a fistful of the sheet, trying not to lose control.

Suddenly, she wrapped her fingers around my cock and started stroking as she rode me. I think she was trying to get a grip to rub me more precisely against her, but the effect of that extra stimulation was dramatic and immediate. My back arched, I cried out, and my cock started spraying thick ropes of cum all over me.

The first shot arced high and actually landed on my face, falling across my chin, bottom lip, and partly into my own open mouth. That surprised me and caused me to buck harder under Liv, who kept her grip on my cock and delightedly aimed it at my chest. Because I was moving so much, I made quite a mess, with some landing on my neck, my breasts, and then in a trail down to my navel.

The sight of my own cum shooting across my face and tits excited Liv so much that she started kissing me, abandoning her own climax for the moment. Her body pressed against mine, our breasts rubbing together. She squirmed against me, enjoying the buttery feeling of my cum spreading between us. After a few seconds of kissing, she was eagerly licking the cum from my skin, starting at my chin and working downward.

Still recovering from my orgasm, I could barely do anything but moan and grab at the sheets. When Liv wrapped her lips around my nipple and started sucking, I felt my cock swell to life again, faster than before. I loved the feeling of her tongue on my skin, but I _needed_ to be inside her. I couldn't wait any longer.

She squealed with delight when I threw her off me and spun her around onto her hands and knees. I pressed my cock against her entrance and gasped at the way her lips parted to accommodate me. I was already slick with her juices, and no longer capable of taking things slowly. In one urgent movement, I pushed deep inside, and we both gasped as her cunt expanded to take it all.

"Oh fuck!" She swore and slapped the pillow. "You're so deep! I can feel it all the way up."

"Liv!" I grabbed her by the hips and started thrusting in and out of her. She rocked back against me with each stroke, grunting and swearing. I pictured the desire on her face when I came on her tits at work. I remembered the elevator ride, and how badly I wanted her. "I wanted to fuck you all day!"

"Me too!" She gasped and dropped onto one elbow, so she could reach between her legs to keep rubbing her clit. Her fingertips kept grazing the base of my cock, and I felt her inner walls moving all around me. "It was so hot when you came on me this morning. And... every time I watch you jerk off... I get... so... wet!" She groaned long and loud, and I felt a gush of liquid around me.

"Ah! Your pussy feels so good." I was sweating and shaking now, and felt my orgasm approaching at full speed. I knew it would be a big one. The biggest all day. "You're gonna make me cum!"

"Yeah, babe, do it inside me!" She was panting with excitement at the thought, and I felt her clench around me. The heat of her pussy gripped me even tighter, and the extra stimulation pushed me over the edge.

"I'm cumming!" I blurted as I felt my cock swelling.

"Trish!" she squealed, "Pull my hair now!"

I lunged forward, grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled back hard, forcing her up onto her fingertips just as my orgasm hit. She cried out with pleasure as she felt my cock throbbing, filling her with my cum.

I rocked behind her, listening to Liv squeal with every pulse of my cock. The orgasm rolled up and down my spine in overlapping waves of pleasure until my vision swam with black spots and I collapsed.

* * *

Hours later, I woke up laying on my back. The open windows let in the moonlight and a pleasant breeze. Liv was curled against my side, with one leg over mine and a hand possessively on my breast. I felt amazingly relaxed and comfortable, and it took me a moment to realize that was because I no longer had an erection demanding attention.

My hand slipped between my legs but found only my own familiar parts. My lips were slick with cum, and my pussy ached pleasantly as if I'd been fucked. I pressed my palm against myself, putting pressure across my entire vulva, and squeezed my thighs together happily. God, I hadn't been fucked this good in... Well, ever. I'd never been fucked this good.

"Mmmmm... what's going on?" Sensing me stirring, Liv moved sleepily against me.

"Everything's fine," I whispered, nuzzling her forehead. "The pill finally wore off."

"S'good," she mumbled.

I sighed happily and then thought of something interesting.

"Hey, Liv?"

"Hmm?"

"You know, there were two pills in that package. There's still one left."

"Oh good. Next time it'll be my turn." She snuggled closer.

I lay in the dark for a long time, beaming with happiness. My fingers slipped lazily between my lips as I thought about how much fun I'd have with Liv's cock.