 A/N: This is a re-submit as this has been on the website before and was accidentally removed.

As with the first time I submitted this story; I do not claim any kind of historical or archeological accuracy in this story nor do I claim any kind of scientific accuracy in temporal theory.

Please be sure to vote and comment! Thank you for reading!

***

Center for Anthropological and Archeological Research of Terra (CAART)

'Never use the chronosphere.' That's what Jamie's father had always told her growing up. But at eighteen, almost nineteen, and the universe was her oyster. In her opinion, rules were made to be broken, especially the one about the chronosphere. As the daughter of the head of research at CAART, it was expected of her to do well in her studies, graduate with honors, and enter her father's line of work. She had to toe the line and follow the rules all the time.

Jamie did that and was now an apprentice at CAART. But she still had yet to be allowed to use the chronosphere. What was the point of being in CAART if all one could do was constantly watch others use it to go back in time for observation missions? She'd been at the Center for nearly a year now and she was impatient for her turn with the sphere.

It wasn't that time travel was all that dangerous. The so-called 'Butterfly Effect Theory' had been disproven a century before. So there was no danger in changing the future by stepping on a mere blade of grass. The danger, according to her father, came from not knowing the nuances and customs of a particular time period and therefore getting killed by the locals. Jamie didn't see the problem. People were people, in her opinion.

She'd show her father and her superiors that she was indeed ready for this. Jamie's plan went into action when a majority of the researchers were away on their yearly conference and the lab was relatively empty. After the few workers that were left had gone home for the night, Jamie snuck into the area of the lab that housed the chronosphere.

There was a basic checklist that she needed to go through. The first step was selecting a time period. Jamie settled on a period so that she could observe early Native Americans around the time that they were settling the region after coming over the land bridge. It should be simple and easy to hide in the forests to observe while they worked. Then she moved on to costume selection based on what the computer told her were acceptable garb for the area and time selected. She settled on a light leather bikini that looked like it was Pocahontas meets Cave Girl. She dressed in the small bathroom attached to her office and checked herself out in the mirror. The costume showed off her round, modest bust, shapely hips, flat midriff, and slender thighs nicely in her opinion.

She then had to make sure that her implants were all working correctly; recorder, immunization, contraceptive, and translation. All seemed to be in working order. Finally she put a chronoband on her right index finger so that she'd be able to come back to this time. The band shrank, morphed, and formed around her finger until it looked like a simple ring. Thankfully, it couldn't be removed short of someone severing her hand. God willing, it wouldn't come to that. She planned on going back in time for only a few hours in order to be back in plenty of time to clean up and reset everything before the morning shift came in.

Fully outfitted and ready for adventure, Jamie stepped into the chamber with the chronosphere. It was a magnificent golden sphere that shimmered like water. She pressed the button confirming her destination and time. Then, without fear, she stepped into the sphere and disappeared in a flash of light.

Sometime around 10,000 BCE in the southern parts of North America...

Marcan the Seeker gripped his spear tightly as he crouched in the underbrush of the woods. There was a change in the air that he could not quite place. He remained motionless, eyes darting around for predators or other potential dangers to the village. Off to his left there was a flash of light and a crack of thunder. Odd considering that there were no thunder clouds overhead. It was another warm day during the bright season granted to his people by the great earth mother.

Unable to put his curiosity to rest, Marcan took off in the direction of the thunder crack. Besides, if it was a threat to his fledgling village, it would have to be dealt with at once. He crested the ridge and cautiously peered over. Down in the next gully there was a beautiful woman standing there, looking around with wonder and amazement on her angelic face. He swallowed hard as he took in her features; hair as read as fire, skin as pale as the moon, a sleek fit body, and womanly curves. His sex went hard at the sight of her. She had nice round breasts that were a large handful. Her hips were flared perfectly for childbearing.

He decided at once that this woman would be his. Truly she was a gift to him from the earth mother for helping his people reach this fertile new land. The woman of flame hair hadn't noticed him yet. Marcan moved in on her to claim what had been given him.

Jamie couldn't believe her eyes. She'd done it! She'd used the chronosphere. She'd actually travelled through time. From what she recalled of the maps of the area, there'd be a new ancient Native American village that was setting up just a few miles from where she was at. She couldn't wait to get started in her observations but she couldn't help but marvel at the changes between modern day North America and where she was at now. She figured in about a few more thousand years, as the glaciers far to the north receded, this area would go from temperate to arid. It was all very fascinating to her.

Before she could even take a step there was a rustling of branches behind her. She turned just in time to see a muscular man bearing down on her. She barely had time to let out a squeak of surprise as the man tackled her. She shrieked and pounded on his chest as he bore his weight down on her. It was like punching steel. "Let go of me!" she cried out.

He froze. He looked down on her with confusion. "You speak my tongue?"

"No, you hear in your tongue you big ape!" she really didn't want to explain how a translation implant worked to someone who couldn't possibly fathom the technology. "Let me go!"

"I think not, I am Marcan and you are my mate, flame-haired," the man said, trailing his hand down from her hair to her cleavage to settle on her breast. He gave it a squeeze.

Jamie trembled under his touch and stopped fighting him long enough to look into his eyes with fright. She could see that he was deadly serious. She began fighting him in earnest, this time by flailing at his head.

Marcan grabbed her hands by the wrists and pinned them over her head. She bucked against him. He smiled as he drove his knee between her legs to part them slightly. "You have fight. This is good. You will bear strong children for me, my flame haired goddess."

Children! The full implication of what exactly this man wanted from her hit her like a truck. It wasn't that she was just going to be merely captured; this man was going to force himself upon her. Jamie protested vehemently and thrashed wildly underneath of him. "Stop it! Don't touch me!" She was suddenly understanding of the necessity of contraception and immunization implants. Her father's warnings suddenly came back to bite her in the ass. "Get off of me!" she cried.

"You squawk like a bird," he said as he grabbed some leather straps from his pouch. He tied her wrists together first and then used more straps to gag her. She mewed pitifully underneath of him once she was tied. Marcan then reached for her breasts, ripping the leathers up and off of her body. Then he moved off of her long enough to remove her loincloths, totally exposing her body to him. "Simply perfect," he said, admiring the view. "Strange that you have no hair under your arms or between your legs," he noted, sliding his hand down her flat tummy to her shaved pubis.

"Noooooo!" Jamie protested behind her gag. She tried to sit up only to be shoved back down to the ground. Marcan pinned her arms down by holding her leather ties. He then continued stoking her bald mound. Jamie felt her body betray her as she felt her pussy going wet from his touch. Her eyes then went wide and she gasped as he buried one of his massive fingers into her wetness. He continued probing into her until he found her maidenhead.

"You are untouched," he noted, a small grin gracing his features. "I shall enjoy being your first and only," he smiled broadly. "Unless you displease me, of course, then I might give you to the other warriors in the village for public pleasure."

"No! No! No!" Jamie cried out behind her gag, bucking against his fingering which only intensified the pleasure being forced upon her. As much as she hated to admit it, his touch felt good. But she was not about to lose her cherry to some random time-lost Neanderthal. He wasn't all that bad looking either. Her logical mind noted that he had to be tall, practically a giant, for his people at being close to six foot tall. He was well muscled and had skin that was practically bronze. Any other woman would probably be proud to bear his children, just not her.

Marcan was incredibly aroused from her resistance. Her breasts were dancing provocatively in front of him as she twisted and writhed in his grasp. His mouth descended onto one of her delicious globes. His tongue darted out to tease and lick her nipple that went instantly hard. Becoming impatient, Marcan quickly maneuvered between her legs, forcing them wide apart with his thighs. He shucked out of his hunting furs and untied his loincloth.

Jamie's eyes went as wide as saucers when she saw how massive and hard his cock was. Marcan did not give her any time to prepare herself as he brought the head of it up to her waiting opening. He rubbed the head up and down her slit, reveling in the sensation of it grazing her bare crotch. "This feels better than a woman with hair between her legs..." he commented.

Jamie squeezed her eyes shut, turned her head to the side, and braced for the inevitable. She then gasped and shuddered as she felt his cock penetrate her. It pressed against her hymen. She whimpered in defeat as he slid it in and out of her a few times, allowing her body to get accustomed to it. He planted his hands on either side of her head as he settled his weight on her. Then while looking down at her beautiful face that was contorted with the sexual energy between them, he pressed into her. Jamie let out a yelp of pain as her virginity was taken and he slid all the way into her.

Marcan sighed with pleasure as he buried his cock all the way into her. Her womanhood gripped him tightly. He stayed pressed inside of her, savoring the pleasure from her body. He brought her legs up to wrap around his waist. Once he was satisfied that she'd stretched enough to fully accommodate his size and girth he began to pump his hips into hers.

Jamie let out a moan; half in dismay and half in pleasure. The sharp pain that had come with her hymen tearing had passed. Now there was only the sensation of feeling his cock slide in and out of her tight pussy. His length slid across her clit sending waves of pleasure radiating out from her loins. The head of his cock continually brushed against her cervix. She felt full and possessed. Somehow, it just felt natural to her. It was nothing more than mating at a basic, primal level; simply a man taking a woman for pleasure and procreation. Her whimpers of sadness at being forced to submit to him soon gave way to grunts and groans of passion as she gave in to what her body wanted.

Soon Jamie was arching her back, pressing her taut and heavy breasts against his hard muscular chest. Her eyes fluttered open and she became even more aroused at the contrast of his tanned skin pumping away between her milky white thighs. Marcan's gentle rocking of his hips against hers became faster and harder. She instinctively bore down, clamping her pussy around his cock like a vice. She heard him moan with pleasure. Jamie started to rock her hips upward as much as she could to meet his thrusting.

Marcan lost all sense of control. His flame-hair was squeezing him so tight that he feared that he might actually lose his manhood inside of her. His thrusting became erratic. He looked down upon her and could see the pleasure on her face every time that he drove into her. With a final jerk of his hips, he buried his cock into her as deep as he could get it as it erupted within her. His cock seemed to explode like a volcano as it shot his seed deep into her womb. He let out a cry of triumph and ecstasy as his claiming of this woman became complete and his balls continued to empty their fluid within her.

The moment she felt Marcan cum, Jamie's body responded in kind. Her world went white as the orgasm ripped through her body. "AUGH," she screamed behind her gag as she climaxed. Her body arched upwards, convulsing, driving her body into his. Her pussy fluttered as it milked his cock for every milky white drop it could get. Then, just as fast as it had come, the erotic pleasure subsided into minor tremors and they collapsed together. Both were covered in sweat. Their combined musk of sweat and sex seemed to fill the air around them. They both panted hard from the sudden exertion.

Marcan slid off of her. He rolled her onto her side and cozied up behind her. He grabbed for his fur cloak, pulling it over top of them both for warmth once their bodies cooled. His arms snaked around her body, claiming what was his. One hand cupped her breast while the other cupped her sex that was oozing a bit of her juices and his seed out of her. "Mine," he whispered into her ear as they both drifted off into a blissful sleep.

Jamie was hardly in a position to argue at that moment.

Sometime later they were both awakened to some kind of beeping. "What is that awful noise," Marcan asked, suddenly awake and alert. His flame-haired woman mumbled something he belatedly realized that he'd left the leather straps in her mouth. "What did you say," he asked as her removed her gag.

"I said that I have to go." Jamie told him.

Marcan chuckled. "You are not going anywhere," he said as he slid a hand up her body from her thigh to her breast. Her body shuddered under his touch.

"You don't have a choice in the matter," Jamie looked up at her tied hands.

Marcan looked at her right hand. The strange noise seemed to come from there. One of her fingers looked like it was glowing red at the knuckle. "Is this some kind of magic?" He sat back with a bemused look on his face. "Ok then, let's see your magic. Let's see you use it to escape from me. Before you do, I would like to know what you are called." He crossed his arms and waited for her to perform her trick. This, in his opinion, should be good.

"Jamie," she said evenly, "my name is Jamie." A second later the beeping stopped. Her body glowed brightly, and then flashed. She vanished before his very eyes with a loud crack of thunder marking her departure.

Marcan stared at the space where she had been at in disbelief. He then raised his fists to the sky and howled in anguish at his flame-haired Jamie being true to her word. She had managed to escape him after all.

Center for Anthropological and Archeological Research of Terra (CAART)

Jamie appeared back in the chronosphere chamber back at CAART. She was lying on the cold, sterile floor. She slowly rose to her feet, shaking slightly from her ordeal. After regaining some sense of balance she managed to walk to the door. That 'Marcan' had fucked her so hard that she was practically walking bow-legged. She let out a rueful laugh at that thought.

She got back to her office and trudged into the bathroom. The wetness of her sex and Marcan's semen had since dried over her pussy and inner thighs. She wanted to clean both him and the dirt off of her. The hot water felt good on her skin. As she sat on the floor of the shower, letting the water cascade over her, she couldn't help but imagine Marcan's powerful hands roaming across her body. Jamie's hands moved up to her breasts. She squeezed and kneaded them hard as she pictured Marcan doing that to her. She then dropped a hand to her pussy and roughly fingered herself. Minutes later she cried out as she quickly and furiously masturbated to orgasm. She slid down the wet tile wall do lie on the floor. Her breasts heaved while her body hummed. It wasn't nearly as good as when Marcan forced himself upon her but it would do for now.

As she laid there with the water pouring down upon her, Jamie couldn't help but wonder if something was wrong with her. She was basically raped but she found herself wanting more. Her body felt tingly as she came up with a way to have the experience again. After washing and drying, Jamie bounded out of the shower to her desk.

She called up her best friend, Sophie, who answered the vid phone with a yawn. "Jamie, do you have any idea what time it is?"

"Forget that, Sophie. You've got to meet me here at the Center, now," Jamie said, "I've got this great idea that you've got to hear. You want to go in with me on a little research project I have in mind?"