 Tell me a story.

I glanced down at her, playing with the hair on my chest, eyes half-closed. The sheets were still damp with our sweat -- being the gentleman that I am, my butt was in the wet spot - and I tried to decide if she was serious. Her eyes met mine.

Tell me a story. 

What kind of story? 

A bedtime story, one I've never heard before.

I closed my eyes, feeling her leg brush mine. I felt a familiar stirring as her thigh slid along mine. Taking a deep breath...

Once upon a time, there was...

Are you serious? Once upon a time?

That's how bedtime stories start!

She rolled her eyes, her face assuming the look I long ago labeled "tolerant".

Fine, once upon a time.

In a place not so different than here and now, but certainly different enough as you'll soon learn.

What kinda bedtime story is this?

Thought you wanted a new one?

Oh ok, keep going.

Her hand moved from playing with my chest hair, to my nipples.

Thought you wanted a story?

I do, she giggled. 

Now where was I? Oh yes.

And in this place was a town.

Red turned the key, unlocking The Goodie Basket. She walked past shelves lined with dildos, lubes, and various bits of leather harnessing, whistling softly and imagining that day's sales. Pushing open the door to her office, she glanced into the mirror hanging from the back of the door.

Five-four, slender, waist-length bronze hair, full-breasts; it was no wonder she had been able to buy out her contract from Mother Goose. True, she'd been a great whore, but it had been time to move on. Hanging her cloak on its hook, she started checking last night's sales figures.

She didn't hear the creak of the door, the soft fall of footsteps on the linoleum floor, not until something clamped tight over her mouth.

Open the register. Make a sound and you're dead.

Don't panic, she thought. You know this game -- just give him what he wants. 

She slowly reached back, grabbed his crotch, his balls. He's HUGE!

What the hell are you doing lady?

Don't you wanna have a good time? I'll give you everything in the drawer; just let's have a little fun first.

She slid her hands along the shaft of his cock, it grew to the point that her fingers couldn't quite meet anymore. 

That's one hell of a piece you're packing.

Thanks...

His grip loosened as her hands worked his cock. Slowly she turned, getting her first good look at her would-be robber. Eyes, ears, fangs...

You're a wolf!

No shit, lady. You still gonna give me the goods, or what?

Her eyes locked on the huge dick. It had to be at least ten, maybe twelve inches long, and was almost as big around as her wrist. Red continued to jerk him off, her hand flew up and down the giant cock. She felt her panties grow wet, her nipples hardened, and the large rings that she worm through them only served to intensify the feeling. 

Oh fuck yea, lady, don't stop...

It's Red.

Huh? 

My name, it's Red, and I'm no lady.

Call me Wolf; call me anything you want, just don't stop!

His hips arched toward her, and she almost lost control. She slowly dropped to her knees, taking the head of his massive cock into her mouth; her free hand gripped his balls, while she continued to jack him off. He threw his head back, howling. Red made up her mind, then and there, that she was going to keep him. She reached between his legs, knowing the shackles attached to the legs of her desk had to be close. While Wolf was distracted by Red's powers of oral persuasion, she managed to lock his ankles into the heavy chain.

As the second shackle snapped closed, Wolf glanced down.

What are you doing?

Red squeezed Wolf's balls tightly, and sucked harder on the massive cock.

Wolf's eyes rolled into the back of his head and he let out a loud low growl and nearly fell over as his legs began to buckle. His long tongue flopped out of his drooling mouth as he continued to moan in delight. She then grabbed, from a low shelf, an iron collar made for one of the dwarves, and clamped it down around Wolf's impressive member, locking it in place behind the balls. The groan that Wolf let out nearly made Red cum on the spot!!!

This is a very, ummmm, interesting story.

Do you like it so far?

Very much! 

She pinched one of my nipples playfully.

Very much indeed!

She draped her leg over mine, pressing her increasingly wet pussy against my hip.

More - tell me more! 

I reached over to the night stand, grabbed a cigarette, lit it, took a deep drag and continued...

Now that Red was fairly sure that Wolf was secured, she sprang back and dashed into the store. It took Wolf several minutes to realize Red had gone, and he tried to run after her, 

but fell flat onto his very erect cock due to the shackles. Red returned promptly with an array of items in her arms. 

While Wolf was stunned, she slapped a set of irons onto his front paws.

What the hell?!?! 

All Red could do at this point was smile. She grabbed the chain from the desk, unlocked it, and dragged Wolf to the back of her office. She pulled out a golden key that hung from a chain between her heaving breasts and unlocked the hidden door, kicked it open, and pulled Wolf into the black void.

He stumbled, off-balanced, through the gloom. His capture, dimly outlined in the darkness, stopped suddenly, pushed him backward with a firm hand on his chest. He felt something hard against his back, and then his arms and legs were pressed into place along what felt like cross-bars. A single candle began to flicker, and Red returned clearly to his view.

Do you like my cross? I keep it for naughty boys. Are you a naughty boy?

Wolf tried to pull against his bonds, but he was securely tethered. Red smiled.

Don't even think about it, you're not going anywhere until I let you, so you may as well try to enjoy yourself.

She reached behind her back, tugged at the tie to her apron, and let it fall to the floor. Her hands slid over her breasts, flicking the nipples, visibly hard beneath the cloth of her bodice. Unlacing the ties, she pushed the crimson velvet aside, baring her tits. Wolf swallowed hard as he glimpsed the silver rings dangling from her nipples.

You like what you see?

Red pulled the rings, her nipples stretched slightly. She then slid her micro-short skirt down over a well-rounded bottom, which she turned to show her captive. As she bent at the waist to step out of the flimsy garment, Wolf clearly saw her smooth, hairless pussy. His cock throbbed, aching to fuck the wet little slut.

Keeping her back to the cross, she let her fingers trail over her ass cheeks, then along the engorged lips of her cunny. She heard the sharp intake of breath behind her, so she turned to allow her new pet a better view. She sat on a small stool, slowly spreading her legs to grant easy access for her hand.

Wolf gasped for breath, watching the long fingers sneak ever closer to the obviously aroused cunt. When Red's nails disappeared into her slick quim, his back arched, his hips thrusting in time with her fingers, which slowly fucked in and out of the brimming pussy.

Red was going to cum, and cum hard, and she knew it, but she wanted to keep her audience erect, so she rolled over, presenting him with her ass. Removing her soaked fingers, she rammed them deeply into her ass, rubbing her clit as she did so. His moan pushed her closer toward orgasm, but she held off, fucking herself furiously. She slid three fingers into her pussy, two into her ass, and began masturbating in earnest.

The sight of Red, ass high, fingers pumping feverishly, was driving Wolf insane. He wanted, NEEDED, to fuck. His hips worked, slamming into the cross-bar in time to Red's movements. Suddenly, her head flew back, her body twisting.

She came again and again. She could feel her body convulse around her fingers, and knowing that Wolf watched made her orgasm all the more intense. For a number of minutes, she couldn't even summon the strength to remove her fingers from her various holes, but she was by no means done with her Wolf.

He became aware, slowly, that the wall in front of him was lined with shelves. On those shelves were things he had only read about in the type of pamphlet that contained naughty wood carvings. There was any number of fake phalluses, leather straps of all types, rings in assorted sizes, too many things that he didn't recognize. He noticed, too, that Red was now standing off to his right side, allowing him to view her collection.

Which one would you like?

HUH??

Hmmmm, I suppose I'll have to decide for you...

Oh, what's she gonna do to him?

Do you want me to tell this story?

Yes...

Her hand wrapped around my prick, and squeezed.

So, what happens next?

Red walked to a lone box and flipped the lid open. The candle light flickered on deep purple velvet, but he couldn't tell what was inside. He watched as she stepped into a convoluted loop of leather. When she turned...

Holy shit lady! What the Hell do you think you're gonna do with THAT?

I did tell you...my name is Red...

He didn't know how she'd done it, but a cock now reared up from her crotch, eight inches in length, maybe two or three inches around - she poured an oily-looking substance on it, rubbing the shaft as she approached him.

I think I'm going to do you with this little beauty.

Listen, lady, um, Red, I'm really sorry I tried to rob you. Times are tough...

This isn't about a robbery! It's about that gorgeous cock of yours. 

She slapped playfully at his fully erect member, moving to stand behind him.

Relax, Wolf, you're gonna love this...

Red tangled her fingers in his fur, pulling his head back so that she could look into his eyes. She carefully began to work the mineral oil into his anus, slowly sliding her fingers in and out of his ass. When she felt he was properly opened...

Oh, fuck yeah! Milk that cock!

She lifted her head, dick in hand, wet with her saliva, and her eyes met mine.

Why'd you stop?

Jesus, I was gonna cum babe! Don't stop now!

But I wanna hear the rest of the story!

Fine! You suck, I'll talk, but don't stop again damn it!

Red positioned the head of her toy against his anus. Slowly, she slipped in just the tip, pulled back. The glans, pull back. The head...

HOWLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Have you ever done this before?

Hell no! Stop, please stop!

Red wasn't entirely convinced by his tone. She studied Wolf's face, twisted in a mix of pain and pleasure, and decided to give him what he wanted. Holding his hips, she began to thrust, feeding a little more of the dildo into him with each movement. His body responded, following her rhythm, even as he cursed and yelled. A vague memory teased the back of his mind...

They had him pinned; he couldn't get up, barely able to breath. One minute, he'd been huffing and puffing; now all he could see were chubby pink bodies, clad in leather, hard, cruel little hooves, and shiny snouts. 

Hold him tight!

Spread his legs!

No, I wanna fuck him first!

A hard object forced its way deep into his ass. His ears echoed with the sound of mocking laughter.

Take it out, lady, fuck me! The hell are you doing!

Relax, Wolf, don't fight me, and it's still Red!

She thrust harder.

Fucking chained! Take it out deeper! No! More! Stop! Don't stop! Harder!

Cum for me Wolf, and I'll take it out.

His body shook, the muscles in his shoulders bunched, then...

Oh fuck yeh!!! Finger that ass!! Suck it harder!!! OOHHHHHHHHH swallow it!! Take it fucking take it all!!!!!

Mmmmmmm I love how you taste... 

His cock pumped in the air and a stream of snow white cum shot across the room.

That's it, Wolf, let yourself go.

Holy shit holy shit Fuck me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOWLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

She waited until his hips stopped pumping against her, then she carefully withdrew. Reaching down, she used the damp cloth she had brought over to gently clean his ass, his cock. She fetched a towel and rubbed him down, then gave him a drink of wine from a silver goblet. By the time she had finished cleaning, he was fast asleep in his restraints. Red kissed him tenderly.

Good night, my pet. I'll be back to play with you later.

Day II

Hey Red, how's it hangin'?

Red looked up from Swingers, smiling at the woman standing by the counter. Extremely long hair, blacker than midnight, finer than silk, piled high on the top of her head, large breasts, tiny waist -- even Red caught her breath when Repunzle entered the room.

Repunzel's almond shaped jade green eyes scanned Red from head to toe, then crinkled slightly at the corners as she smiled broadly.

You got some last night, didn't you?

Maybe.

OooOOOOOOooo! So, tell me everything! HOLY SHIT!!!!!! You're blushing!!! You never blush!!! 

You are not gonna believe the day I had yesterday! I opened the store... 

She wiped a small drip of cum from her chin, and then proceeded to climb on top of me and slowly, gently, ground her dripping wet pussy against my now flaccid cock.

Damn, I needed that. Ok, ready for more of the story?

More ready than you can imagine.

......and have I got something to show you in the back room!

You mean...you still have him? Locked up? In back?

Repunzle wiped away a small bead of sweat from her brow.

She took a deep breath making her large - now erect - nipples almost pop through her black leather corset.

Can...can I see him?

Sure, come on back! Just flip the sign, don't want anyone coming in while we're in back.

Repunzle placed the Closed sign in the window, locked the door, and followed Red into the shadowy back room. She had never been invited into the "playroom", though she had heard Red talk about it on more then one occasion. As her eyes adjusted to the dim candlelight, a figure, spread-eagle in the middle of the room, began to emerge. On one wall, row upon row of toys in every shape and size lined the shelves that stretched from floor to ceiling. Repunzle focused on the figure, mounted to a cross.

Holy Shit!!! That's the biggest fuckin' cock I've ever seen!!!

He's a beauty isn't he?

Red ran her fingers through the still sleeping Wolf's fur.

So, you gonna keep him?

For a while, at least. I wanna try and train him.

You're kidding, train him? He's not just A Wolf! He's THE Wolf!!!!!

With a huge cock! I wanna try, he performed well enough last night.

Really...

Repunzle stepped closer to Red, touching her shoulder gently. When she realized she wasn't pulling away, she slid her hand to Red's breast.

Show me.

What? Rep, what are you doing?

Show me how you played with your Wolf last night.

Repunzle grabbed a handful of Red's hair, pulled her close and kissed her almost violently. Feeling the growing bulge in her friend's dress, Red returned the kiss, her left hand dropping to cup Repunzel's snatch.

Wolf heard a soft moan, and opened his eyes. Blinking rapidly, he focused on the two women locked into an embrace, not three feet from him. He felt his prick begin to stir as his captor pulled the stranger's leather bodice down, exposing large, deep red nipples atop full, firm breasts. 

Red's tongue flicked from one nipple to the other. Her hands gripped her friend's hips, tugging at the fabric of her skirt. Repunzle tangled her fingers in Red's long hair, arching her back to offer more of her ample chest. Red captured a nipple between her teeth, and bit down.

Fuck yeah!

I've wanted a go at your tits since the first time I saw you.

Oh, damn it Red, tell me you still have that harness, I saw you order it.

You mean my...special toy?

Red stepped away from her friend, and crossing to the shelves, lifted a set of leather straps from which two dildos protruded. She slid the contraption over her hips, shifting to move the dildos into place; one for her ass, the other for her pussy. Fastening the buckles securely, she moved back to Repunzle, kissing her passionately.

A soft whine caused both women to look over at the cross. Wolf was practically drowning in his own drool, his cock rock hard and standing at full mast. Red straightened and walked slowly towards her captive, hips swinging gently.

So, you seem to be enjoying the show.

Wolf's long tongue swiped his muzzle, and he whined again, an almost imploring sound.

Awww Red, don't tease him! He looks so...lost. And that cock...

What do you think we should do with him?

I've never seen a cock that big before!

Not even yours?

Red slipped behind her friend and yanked her skirt the rest of the way down. Wolf's eyes nearly popped from his head as he realized what he was looking at. The stranger had breasts, pussy, and a cock! His woman wrapped her hands around the impressive member; nowhere near Wolf's in size, but fairly large for a human!

Still like what you see?

Please...

Ohhh, that's a good boy; please what?

Please, I, umm...

Red, he's being a good boy, you said so yourself. Can't we just...

Not yet, Rep. I haven't even started his training.

Saying this, Red spun Repunzle and kissed her passionately, caressing her ass as she did so. When the other woman moaned, Red spun, presenting her bottom, and held her cheeks aside. Repunzle needed no further urging. She lunged forward, pulled down her friend's harness and pierced the offered pussy. 

Oh, look who's awake!

It's kinda hard...

I noticed!

Cute. I meant your hand is making me hard.

How about this?

She turned, crouching over my head, her pussy only inches from my mouth. I licked my lips.

And how am I supposed to tell you the rest of the story if I'm...OHHHHH...

Her mouth opened, sucking hard at my balls, and I realized she never intended to have me eat her out; she only wanted to tease me with the sight of her fully aroused, dripping wet cunny. Trying to focus, I took a deep breath and continued...

Red groaned as the substantial prick plowed into her. She allowed each thrust to push her whole body forward, knowing Repunzle would follow. She glanced up into her captives' eyes, and then took the head of his cock into her mouth. She knew she'd never be able to swallow the massive dick, but she intended to take as much as she could!

Wolf was panting hard. Between the phenomenal blow job and the sight of his female being well fucked by a woman with a cock, he knew he was gonna cum soon. Just when he thought he couldn't take anymore, that he was going to shoot his load, she stopped!

What the fuck?

Shhhh, I'll let you cum, I promise, but not in me.

Red removed the collar from the base of his throbbing cock, dropped it to the floor. She then disengaged herself for Repunzle, crossed the room, and returned to the shelves, sorting through assorted plugs. She finally settled on the plug that she herself preferred; 5 inches long, 1 ¾ inches wide. Grabbing a jar of lubricant, she stood behind her captive, and slowly, teasingly, rubbed the lube into his ass. She slipped the plug into Wolf's anus, fucking in and out, just a bit at a time, opening him.

I want you to keep this in your ass. If it falls out, I'll be VERY displeased, and you do want to please me, don't you? Hey, Rep, you still wondering about his...talent?

Without waiting for an answer, Red grasped the other woman's shoulders and twisted, throwing Repunzle off balance. Before she could regain her footing, Red pushed her back into Wolf, bending her over as she did; forcing Wolf's colossal cock into Repunzel's still sopping pussy. She threw her head back, screaming in pleasure and pain as the enormous member pushed deep into her.

FUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!

That's right Wolf, fuck her good!

Red slid down Repunzel's body, licking and nibbling as she went. She sucked at the head of her friend's cock, then, without warning, swallowed the entire 8 inches. Repunzle cried out again, thrusting her hips back against Wolf, forcing his gigantic prick even deeper into her quim. He used the tip of his tail to keep the plug his woman had shoved into him in place, realizing he truly wanted to please her, and besides, it felt REALLY good!
