 I made it through the rest of the car ride, but by the time we arrived at Liv's place, my cock was fully erect again. She had a great apartment right on the top floor of a new building that I usually was super jealous of. Right now all I wanted to do was get inside.

She fumbled in her purse for her fob to unlock the door. A stiff breeze rolled down the street, gusting beneath my dress and giving me a vivid reminder that I wasn't wearing any underwear. Despite the warmth of the summer afternoon, I shivered. Finally, the door clicked, and I followed her inside.

Her lobby was a broad open space with all sorts of hipster decorations like half a bike frame mounted on the wall next to a map of Brooklyn. She walked into the mail room and checked her box while I waited, trying not to think about what would happen when we got upstairs.

There were a couple dudes with full lumberjack beards sitting on a couch. They were sipping lattes and talking about the startup they worked for. I wondered if I'd enjoy kissing a guy with a full beard, but that daydream morphed to the two lumberjacks making out with each other instead. I turned away before they noticed me grinning at them.

A beautiful woman was working in the glass-windowed rental office. I pretended like I was examining the list of available apartments, but my eyes were actually on her chest. I imagined ripping the buttons on her expensive blouse and burying my face in her cleavage. In my mind, she squealed with delight. In reality, she looked up when she felt me staring and smiled in case I was a potential renter. My cock throbbed urgently as I smiled back, imagining her lipstick around the base of my shaft.

I looked away and saw Liv talking to a guy in the mail room wearing soccer gear. She laughed at something he said and touched his arm, and I wondered if they'd had sex yet. I decided they probably hadn't. She'd never mentioned him, and I think she would have. I watched her pretend not to notice him checking out her tits, and wondered how he'd react if he knew she'd let me cum on them. Would he be into it, or would he see me as competition? Would he let me join in when she finally allowed him to fuck her?

Finally, they said goodbye and the soccer boy walked out the front door. I admired his ass as he walked away and then followed Liv to the elevator. It was hard not to whimper as the fabric of my dress rustled against the sensitive head of my cock.

"Don't worry," she said, misunderstanding my reaction. "This elevator is a lot faster than the one at the office, and there's hardly ever anyone on it this time of day." She looked my direction with a reassuring smile, which quickly vanished when she saw what I was doing.

I had positioned myself with my back to the boys on the couch, and Liv was between the woman in the office and me. So she was the only one who could see that I was eagerly rubbing myself through my dress.

"Trish!" She squeaked, "Can't you wait? Someone could see you!"

"I can't help it," I grunted as quietly as I could with a handful of my dress wrapped around my cock. "I'm so _fucking_ turned on. God, I wanna cum all over everyone in this lobby!"

She looked over my shoulder at the lumberjacks and frowned a bit, not a fan of facial hair. Then she followed my gaze to the woman in the office and nodded understandingly.

"What about that soccer boy you were chatting up?" I asked, "Have you guys fucked yet?" I hesitated for a second and then blurted out what I was really wondering. "Do you think I could watch?"

"Jesus, Trish!" She laughed in surprise before answering me. "No, we've only talked a few times. And... maybe." She blushed and looked away, but I could tell she was grinning at the thought.

The elevator finally arrived, and she pushed me inside before anyone could see me. Mercifully, there was no one inside this time. The instant the doors closed I dropped my purse, bunched up my dress and started openly stroking my cock. I groaned with relief and leaned against the wall. My head was swimming with an orgy of filthy thoughts about all the people in the lobby. A drop of pre-cum appeared at my tip, and I rubbed my thumb over it, using it as lubrication.

Liv stood across from me, eyes twinkling with delight as she watched me masturbate again. "Fuck," she breathed, "seeing you do that turns me on so much." She slipped one hand into her top and inhaled sharply as she pinched her nipple. Her other hand slid down her body to press between her thighs. I gasped with excitement as she squirmed in front of me.

In my head, the lumberjacks paused their make-out session. The runners all stopped panting and sweating. The soccer boy put his jersey back on. Even the office girl pulled her top back together and watched approvingly. Nobody could hope to compete with Liv.

Before anything else could happen, the elevator chimed as we arrived at her floor. She snatched up my purse and started shoving me down the hall, still masturbating. There were no doors open and nobody in sight, but I'm not sure I could have stopped even if there was. The pressure was building, and it was too late to pump the brakes.

We arrived at her door, and she was fumbling with the lock as I stood behind her, my hand flying on my cock.

"Liv," I groaned, "I'm gonna cum soon! Hurry."

Finally, the door opened, and she pulled me inside. I was still rubbing myself as she pushed me against the wall and let the door close behind me. For a moment, we stared at each other, unsure what would happen next. Then she lunged forward and kissed me deeply. My knees almost gave out, but she was still pressing me against the wall.

"Oh god," I gasped, breaking our kiss after what might have been days, but probably only seconds. "I need you. Please. Please."

She was breathing hard, and her cheeks were flushed, but she nodded and dropped to her knees. I stopped stroking as she started kissing and licking my cock, and I felt my orgasm boil toward the surface.

"I'm gonna cum!" I blurted, and she wrapped her lips around me. I felt her tongue swirl around my head as I tangled my fingers in her hair. She had one hand moving between her legs. The other reached around to squeeze my ass, pulling me forward, trying to take me deeper.

"Oh fuck! Your mouth is so hot. Ah, god! I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"

Liv moaned when the first spurt hit the back of her throat and then she was sucking and swallowing everything I could give her.

We moved in unison for a long time, each pulse of my orgasm rocking through both our bodies. I came so hard I saw splashes of red and white and yellow, like fireworks. When the pulsing finally subsided, I collapsed to my knees and fell into her arms. We were both panting with exertion, and it was all we could do to hold each other up.

Before I could begin to figure out how to express the gratitude and deepening connection I was feeling, my cock begin to stiffen again. I could have sobbed with frustration. I just needed, like, a minute to work through some things, but my body had other ideas. Already I was becoming more aware of the heat of Liv's body against mine.

Sensing the shift in my mood, she leaned back and looked at me. I opened my mouth but utterly failed to say anything coherent. "Liv, I..." She was looking at me so attentively, and she had done so much to help me. "I need to tell you..." She reached up and brushed a strand of hair behind my ear. Her lips looked so soft.

I stopped trying to talk and leaned forward to kiss her. She let out a pleased sound and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. Her tongue danced with mine, and I could taste a hint of my cum in her mouth. When she sucked on my bottom lip my cock twitched against her thigh. She broke off and laughed as she looked down at my swelling erection as if it were a puppy begging for attention.

"Looks like you're not done yet, babe."

"Uh, yeah," I laughed. Fuck it. There would be time to sort out the emotions later. For now, I resolved not to overthink it. "That's what I was trying to tell you. But I was nervous because you've helped me so many times already."

"Mmmm." She moved forward and started kissing up my neck until her lips grazed my earlobe. "S'okay. I'm not done either."

Then she stood up, took my hand, and led me toward her bedroom.

TO BE CONCLUDED