 He had to hurry.

His footsteps echoed down the street. Had he escaped it? Well... it certainly seemed so. He leaned against a brick wall, a sigh of relief escaping him. Though not completely comfortable, he slowed down to a brisk walk, although often he found himself looking over his shoulder, and shuddering. Finally he reached his own front door. He gave a small chuckle of triumph, digging for his keys in his pocket, before finally able to enter his own home.

He flopped down on his couch, still breathing heavily. He leaned his head down, closing his eyes, feeling a light bead of sweat drip down his forehead.

Then he felt it again.

He recoiled, but instead it forced itself around his neck, not quite tightly enough to choke him, just soaking his skin again in that wet, rubbery liquid. He tried to yell out, but the foreign limb went just a little tighter against his skin in a threat.

He was still panting from the running, and though he hated to admit it, the little tentacles were indeed cooling him off. They slipped through his jeans first, ripping them and destroying them completely, before going upward and doing the same with his shirt. He felt a few softer tentacles wrap themselves around his wrist, before gliding themselves smoothly into his hands, and his fingers reflexively gripped them. The beast seemed to shudder with anticipation. The man, despite himself, smirked a little.

The tentacles went toward his head, massaging his scalp, while others traveled down his spine, tickling and massaging each individual bone. They touched and prodded at his nipples, before abruptly sticking a sucker on each. He gasped, trying with difficulty to withhold his moans.

There were tiny ones--small, almost cute with no suckers, touching and caressing the rest of his chest, his abs, going down to his hips (which he had difficulty with not bucking) and navel. He suddenly felt tentacles even tinier than those go against the back of his feet, before finally settling in between his toes. They didn't stop; they went up his legs, playing and gliding easily along the bend of his knees, reaching up to his thighs. 

The beast shuddered again, and he almost couldn't help but shudder with it. The wet tentacles were all lubricated, and as they glided along his body they coated him as well, until finally some of the liquid began dripping on the floor. It made his body glisten slightly, and his underwear was absolutely soaked with it.

The tentacles were ever moving and ever playful, fitting and almost gently getting him worked up and ready. A tentacle slithered past his lips, and he opened his mouth, licking the spongey flesh and tasting the suckers. The creature seemed to moan now, it's shivering more than apparent, although it stayed patient, taking it's time with the human.

Suddenly a rather large one came toward his back, and tore his underwear apart. It revealed just how hard he was--without it actually touching him there, no less--and slid itself between his butt cheeks, rubbing up and down, fucking him just like that. He nearly bit the one in his mouth as the smaller ones that were still between his toes and had glided up his legs now reached up and tickled his balls. Suddenly one--no, two--wrapped around the base of his cock, keeping the blood from flowing, and thus preventing him from cumming, which he had felt like he would do any second now.

They twisted themselves against his cock, intertwining amongst themselves, before reaching the bottom of the head. They seemed to lick it, right there, and at long last a deep moan came from within his chest. The creature kept tickling him there, as the one exited his lips, leaving him whimpering. The creature shook a moment, and he wondered if it would cum, before the ones on his nipples suddenly pulled off, leaving them red and raw. The ones between his hands (who had been, of course, thrusting adamantly between his fingers) suddenly let go, as well as the between his cheeks--the ones between his toes--until finally there was nothing left that the two that were wrapped around his dick. They stopped tickling.

He caught his breath. He wanted to cum. He wanted to be fucked. Suddenly he realized what it was the creature wanted. He turned around on the couch, got on all fours, and closing his eyes, he pushed his ass into the air, offering it over. 

The creature didn't want to be run from, and he never really wanted to run in the first place.

It just felt so... good.

He was like this a moment, feeling nothing but how hard and sore his dick was, and how some of the wetness trickled off his skin some more, running down and keeping him coated with the natural lubricant.

His heart skipped a beat. The tentacles came back, all at once, and now it felt more like a full blown assault. The one that gripped his throat seemed larger, and it held his head back, caressing and massaging his neck. The tiny ones at his dick wrapped themselves around the head, attaching their suckers to him, and it felt so disgusting and wonderful he screamed and his legs almost gave way, but the tentacles held his ass up.

The one that had been in his mouth before came back, and it seemed thicker than before. The ones between his cheeks stopped, and he moaned in anticipation as the tentacle found his taut hole and entered into him deep, his ass tightening around it, letting it feel the pleasure it wanted. He was making sounds he didn't think humanly possible, tears beginning to fall down his cheeks, because oh, fuck, this was all just too amazing. 

The tentacle fucked him, going deep and prodding his sweet spot, taking time even to caress him while inside. He bucked his hips, letting it match the thrusts, which were starting to become wilder and wilder. He felt it swell while inside him--he felt all of the tentacles swell suddenly, and he was outright sobbing and screaming and groaning, right when the tentacles at the base of his cock let go.

They came together.

He didn't even scream. He opened his mouth soundlessly, as the tentacles slowed down, covering him till he was splattered by this foreign, hot cum. Finally... he felt release, as he came so hard he thought he might faint. 

The tentacles removed themselves from him. He lay down on the couch, which by now, of course, was sopping with disgust. He panted, his body already starting to feel sore as he closed his eyes. He'd had enough. They both had.

He felt the tentacles come up from underneath him, picking him up till he was lifted off the ground. His legs hung rather limp and awkwardly, and though he panted for no more, he couldn't fight it. They placed him on his bed, and in an almost loving way, caressed his face. He smiled as some of them curled against his skin, and the two of them rested, at least for now.