 "Did you get the incubator?" Sophia asked.

"It's right here!" Ava was holding the device. "I'm all set."

"Good luck out there!" Sophia said, without turning away from her computer.

Ava walked out of the door into her ship, and set course to the alien planet.

The girl was a young biologist working to take care of endangered species. Her boss, Sophia, sent her on an assignment to collect eggs from some kind of creature. Ava was always excited to help, but usually skipped over the details. She had no idea what kind of creature she had to deal with.

The trip took nearly a day, of which Ava spent resting instead of studying. Upon arriving at the planet, she changed into casual clothes, took the incubator and left the ship.

The air was breathable and this region of the planet was near a dense forest.

Her personal helper device pointed to the direction of the creature. She entered the forest and walked a few minutes to her target but upon arriving, she found nothing.

"It was supposed to be here," she said.

"I'm here for your eggs. Come on!" she tried calling the creature's attention by showing the incubator, which was a common looking device with a glass tube.

"You're the last of your species. You don't wanna go extinct, do you?"

Ava felt a tickling touch on her ankles. Startled, she looked down to see purple, wet looking tentacles circling around her lower leg.

"Is that you? Care to put your eggs in here?" Ava asked.

In a sudden movement, another tentacle pulled the incubator from her hands and threw it out of sight. Ava could hear the sound of glass crackling. At the same time, tentacles grabbed her legs and arms and held her up in the air.

A chill ran down her spine. She was completely held up by some creature in an alien planet and she had no idea what it could do to her.

The creature finally revealed itself, its large body slowly descending from the trees in front of Ava. It was covered with purple tentacles, and had two sharp eyes right in the middle of that blob of members.

"There's something about the way you're looking at me..." She said, fearful.

"I don't have the incubator, where exactly are you planning on planting your eggs? Don't tell me you... in me...?" Ava asked in disbelief.

She tried to free herself from the tentacles but they were too strong.

"Ok. I have to think of something," she said as the creature slowly approached the area between her legs. Its eyes were fixed right in the middle of them.

"There's no way to fight this thing," she thought.

"Do you at least promise to let me go after you... do it?" She asked, as a last resort.

The creature looked up at her and briefly nodded.

Ava swallowed dry. "Ok, here we go. I have to save your species from extinction, even if I have to carry your eggs myself!"

More and more tentacles slowly covered her body, caressing every part of it. First at her tits, from below her shirt, then at her legs and thighs. The creature easily tore her shirt off. In a more sudden movement, it pulled down both her shorts and panties in one go, tossing it aside.

Her shaved pussy was now completely exposed to a myriad of tentacles and that evil pair of eyes.

Ava was twitching in anticipation, and dripping wet. The first tentacle rubbed against her clit, its wet texture pleasing Ava like nothing before. She moaned and moved her hips accordingly.

She let out a gasp as it slid inside her already wet pussy without much resistance. The terrifying creature was taking its time to enjoy every inch of her vagina. Then, she felt another wet member pressing against her ass entrance. It slowly forced its way through as Ava moaned loudly, and an incredible wave pleasure took over her body.

The tentacles switched places one by one, as the creature savored Ava's holes with every single member it had, sometimes two or three at a time. Some were thicker, some were much longer. She took it all, as she had no choice, but while also enjoying herself intensely.

Then, she saw a much thicker tentacle rising in the area between her legs.

"What's that now?"

Her personal helper device was in the pocket in her shorts, but she could still ask it for information. The device informed her in a robotic voice: "The organ through which the monster injects its eggs on the female."

"Oh, no," she thought. "That thing is too thick! Will it even fit in me?"

"I must be strong! For your own good!" She said out loud, trying to convince herself.

Other tentacles pulled out of her pussy to give room to the thicker one. It was almost as wide as both of Ava's arms combined. It rubbed against her vagina's entrance for a few seconds, lubing it and opening it up. Then, it slowly pushed in.

Ava let out a scream, orgasming just out of the pressure applied on her vaginal walls. She felt it going inside her bit by bit, until it reached her cervix, where it stopped.

"This is not bad at all, actually."

Then, a bulge started moving up from the root of the tentacle all the way up to the tip.

"Here it is. It'll stretch me even more!"

As is passed through Ava's pussy, she came again. The egg reached the tip of the tentacle and forced its way into her cervix. The monster held her firmly in place as it pushed, until the egg finally slid inside her womb.

Ava was so completely taken by pleasure at this point she barely noticed as the second egg moved through and was put in her. Then a third, a fourth and a fifth.

"Oh my! You're filling me up!"

Then, the creature released her on the ground. Ava needed a couple of minutes to recover from all the orgasms she had. Then, she got up, and picked her clothes. The monster was gone, and she walked back to her ship.

Ava looked down and saw the bulge on her lower abdomen was noticeable.

"This is going to be an awkward thing to explain back in the lab."

On the trip back, Ava found out the hatching period can be as short as one day. They'd be ready by the time she got back to work.

As she arrived hours later, she put her bag in front of her body to hide it and went in to the lab.

"Did you get the eggs?" Sophia asked from her chair as Ava came in.

"Yes! Got all of them right here" Ava replied, trying to fake enthusiasm.

She swiftly walked into the breeding office and locked the door. Stripping down, she waited until one by one, the small tentacles came out of her. As they passed through, a tingling pleasure took her. All five of them were alive and well, thanks to her. She moved them to a safe container and began writing her report.