 "It's all here. Food for a few days, my equipment and most importantly," Ava raised the small container with the pheromone, "this thing".

"Seems like you're ready. Make sure to bring them home safe," her boss Sophia said, and they parted ways.

Ava's job as a young biologist was to protect endangered species throughout the galaxy. Her next target was a group of creatures that had to be moved to a safe location from their now hostile environment.

She woke up to her ship announcing their arrival on the alien planet. She changed clothes and went outside on the red grassy land. Here, the air was breathable for humans, but local industrial activity had poisoned the land, endangering local beings.

Ava looked up on her personal helper device and located the creatures. The walk towards them took only a few minutes.

There were five of them. They were taller than 6 feet, a tad taller than Ava. Their purple humanoid like bodies were covered in long tentacles (but not long enough to touch the ground), with a pair of large eyes on their faces. Her device told her they weren't as intelligent as humans, but that they could cooperate. They were docile and generally welcoming to the presence of humans.

Unfortunately, these were some of the last of their species. Ava's job was to take them into her ship's cargo container and lead them to a new home.

Her job was relatively simple. She loaded her pheromone dispenser and burst some of it on the air. The creatures reacted positively, but didn't move from their place. Then, Ava walked a little further away and sprayed some on the air again. They seemed to notice her, but they just wouldn't budge. They'd walk briefly but ended up staying in the same place.

Ava was confused as to why it wasn't working. She checked her personal device again and read some more. It said they're very passive creatures, but they would enter intense periods of activity when met with their opposite sex.

"Damn. Does that mean you all males? That sucks," Ava said to herself.

"Why isn't this crap working anyway?" She looked at the pheromone container. "I guess you're too smart to know there aren't any females here. It's just a liquid I'm squirting."

Frustrated, Ava walked back to her ship to figure out her next step.

She spent a few hours reading resources about the creatures, but she always ended up with the problem of needing a female one.

"I don't have one of those. I don't have a fem..." she stopped short of her thoughts.

"What if I use the pheromone on myself?" Eva thought about it for a while. "Maybe they'll be attracted to me and follow me back to the ship. Ok. Spraying it on myself won't work, but what if I drink it?"

"Wait. No. That's crazy," she thought. "What if they actually think I'm their mate? Would they try to fuck me with those... tentacles?"

Ava thought about it for a minute. The idea grew on her, and she was actually starting to feel aroused by it. "Maybe I'll even have a little 'fun' with them."

Without another thought, Ava drank the whole container up.

"Ugh! Is this what your females taste like?"

Ava picked up her personal device and left the ship again, walking towards the creatures.

She was immediately met with a different reaction. The creatures were looking at her with intriguing looks and moving around restlessly.

"Alright, now come," Ava instructed them as she began walking back to the ship.

Surprisingly to her, they started following. "It worked!" She said, enthusiastically.

As they were halfway to the ship, she felt something touch her inner thighs. She was wearing short shorts and a simple tee, as the whether here was warm. She turned back to see one of the creatures was walking up close to her, his tentacles agitated.

Ava smiled maliciously. "What is it?" She stroked the tentacle for a moment and imagined what it would feel like inside her.

Suddenly, she felt several slimy tentacles touching all over her body.

Tentacles were going up beneath her loose tee and caressing her tits. All over her chest and back, she could feel the wet members moving. She took her shirt off as she got surrounded by the five creatures.

She undressed out of her shorts and panties, then laid back on one of the creatures, who held her with their members. They towered over her and she was enclosed by all sides. They handled her by rubbing their tentacles on every inch of her body. Her shaved pussy was dripping wet at this point.

They picked her up by her legs and spread them. She could barely tell which tentacle belonged to which creature. She looked down and saw her entire body covered, being caressed and loved by them. One tentacle stood out and slowly rubbed its tip on her pussy. She moved her hips up and down against it until it naturally slid inside her vagina. It went all the way inside until she couldn't take it anymore, then it pulled out. It repeated this movement for a few seconds until it pulled out and she saw a blob coming from the bottom of the tentacle, moving all the way up to the tip, where it spit a white, warm and sticky substance on her pussy. It made a mess, and the next tentacle took advantage of her lubed pussy to go in. Again, it did the same thing until it came.

Another one entered her mouth, making the same pumping movement and came in the back of her throat, forcing her to swallow it. It was quickly replaced by another.

Ava looked at the amount of tentacles around her. "Do I have to satisfy each one of you?" She wondered. "I look forward to it".

Then, she felt a tentacle pushing in between her asscheeks. She did the best she could to help it in. This time, it went even deeper than in her pussy. It went on and on, she lost track of how deep it went. Inside, it made quick movements in and out until she felt a large blob going through her ass.

Ava felt a wave of pleasure taking over her. She fucked them all for minutes, as the creatures became even more thirsty for her body. She saw several tentacles trying to penetrate her pussy at the same time, and spread her legs as far as she could to let them in.

With tentacles all over and inside her body, Ava came time and time again. They slowly stopped, one by one, as they all finished on her. Her hair, face, and entire body was covered in white goo. It dripped from her holes what seemed like liters of the stuff.

She got up on her feet again as the creatures slowed down. She picked up her clothes from the floor and walked to the ship. They followed her diligently into the cargo container, and she closed the door.

After a long shower and a trip back home, Ava delivered the creatures to her organization for a safe relocation.

"Amazing job, Ava. How did the pheromones work?" Her boss Sophia asked.

"Wonderfully," Ava replied, not looking forward to explain the details.