 I heard the rustling of footsteps on the long grass outside my tent and lift my head up from my inflatable pillow. I listen. The woods are alive with a million insects and animals, but this was different, bigger.

It's the second day of a college trip into the woods a few hours out of the city, where me and a few other teachers had been chosen to chaperone environmental awareness and activity award none of us gave a shit about. 

The park we had chosen was nice, it was a big enough place that you could wild camp where ever you wanted but still close enough to the city that you could do an overnight and still have plenty of Sunday afternoon left to get ready for the coming week. 

As I waited in the darkness, I thought about the trip. I had been upset when my name had been randomly pulled from a lost and found hat in the teacher's lounge. The woods were not my usual grind, but it had been a nice change from the usual loneliness of my life. 

Being a part of a trip like this, surrounded by teachers and students was a lot better than leaving school at the end of the day, going home to an empty apartment, grading papers, watching television, playing on my laptop and going to bed. 

The noise outside of the tent again. A step, then another. They were getting closer, walking toward my tent. 

I waited. My heart was pounding in my chest. Someone had gotten up in the middle of the night, but who? And why were they coming toward my tent? 

When we had arrived at the camp a couple days before, my tent had been around the main group. That's where I had started, where all the other teachers had decided to pitch. 

But I'm a light sleeper and both Adam and Kent snored. They sounded like lawnmowers in the middle of a dark forest. The worst was when, somehow, they found a rhythm to their snoring, when they synced up and it became a cacophony.

And I didn't mind moving my tent away. I had been having a hard time lying still and the sound of a sleeping back in the middle of a quiet night is not quiet. So, tossing and turning, lying there surrounded by tents filled with different people - it was really too much anyway. I had been happy to move. 

The sound of crunching leaves and breaking twigs grew louder. Someone walked to the door of my tent. "Knock-knock?"

Kimberly. Of all the people that were taking part in the field trip, she was perhaps the most timid. I bet I hadn't heard her say more than ten words the entire two days we had been gone. I barely recognized her voice in the darkness. She was bookish, with long dark hair and black-rimmed glasses. She had a round face but thick lips. She was cute, a tiny frame with an impressive rack, although she wasn't the kind of girl to show it off. She never wore anything provocative. And she didn't run with the popular crowd.

"Kimberly?" I asked, lying in my sleeping bag and hoping she'd go back to bed soon enough so I could get some rest. I was already running dangerously low after last night and it was late. Almost everyone else had been asleep for over an hour, even the late ones who had stayed up around the campfire sneaking a few drinks now and then had gone to bed. 

"I can't sleep." She whispered. "Can... can I come in?" she asked.

I laid there and stared up at the top of my tent for a moment. I had to gather my patience. What the fuck was she doing? And why me? I turned on the small light I have, which Kimberly must have taken as me admitting entry, because she unzipped the outer door to my tent and then the inner one.

"Hurry in then," I hissed.

She climbed in wearing a dark green, vest top and little, light blue, cotton shorts. Her hair was pulled back with a single clip at the back of her head. She had no bra on, and it was the most skin I've ever seen on the nineteen-year-old. Her pale skin glowed against the small light in the middle of my tent.

I knew the risks of having her in there. I don't really know why I let her. I mean, she had unzipped the tent and climbed inside before I could really say anything. And then there were her breasts, hanging in the vest top, swinging back and forth as she crawled through the little opening. 

If any of the other teachers had known she was in my tent, my career would have been finished. I would have never taught anywhere, ever again. Yet knowing the risks, for whatever reason, I didn't move. I just sat there and waited for an explanation.

"I'm sorry miss Conroy" she said, sitting on her knees and looking suitably embarrassed. "I just couldn't sleep and... I miss home. And my boyfriend. I've never been this far away from them all for this long and I it's so scary out here." She took off her glasses and rubbed her eyes like she was crying. 

It took all my strength not to roll my eyes at all this show. "And what do you want me to do Kimberly? I mean... what can I honestly offer? Do you want me to drive you back? Because if you do it will have to wait until the morning." I tried to not to be too irritable, but the childish act wasn't working for me and I wanted her to know it without just telling her.

Her brown eyes glanced up then, for once not framed by her glasses. Perhaps she had been expecting more sympathy from me. She held my gaze for a moment until she sadly shook her head.

"You're not scared. You're not homesick. What are you doing in my tent, Kimberly?" I drank her in. It was late, and I hadn't slept well the night before. My self-control was probably slipping a little bit, but I didn't care. 

"I saw you by the river earlier," she put her glasses back on and glanced at my sleeping bag. 

My heart felt like it stopped. It was impossible. I had walked for like twenty minutes, winding my way down the little stream and then off into the woods. No one had followed me, I would have heard them. I would have seen them, it was late fall, the trees were all sticks and crunchy leaves. 

I went back over everything. 

I had told the teachers that I needed a walk, just a few minutes to clear my head. Anytime you are out on a trip with students, even if they are young adults, it's stressful. They are young, you are in charge. There are constant worries. It's just stressful. 

And so, I had taken a walk. 

I hadn't told any of the students, most of them were off working on water samples and cataloguing insects anyway. It had been the perfect time to slip away. And I had wandered off into the woods.

It was impossible that Kimberly was talking about what I was thinking about. But what other time had been by the river? 

"What do you mean?" I asked, hesitantly. 

"Now who is playing like she doesn't know why I am here?" She whispered. 

She had seen me. 

I could see it in her eyes. But how? I had gone so far. And the little spot I had found had been so private, so tucked away. 

I sat up and looked into her eyes. "Kimberly, do you know how risky that is?" I whispered. "I could lose my job! No, you cannot stay." I couldn't believe I was having the conversation. I couldn't believe any of this was actually happening.

Her brown eyes fluttered slightly, and I felt the familiar desire. Was she more than she seemed? Could she be? 

"Please," she whispered staring at my sleeping bag. 

I sighed. How could I say no when what she had watched was because of her? The little spot I had picked out, the little cluster of smooth stones next to the rippling water, had been secluded enough that I felt comfortable stripping down and sliding into the water. I had taken a little dip and then, giving into the fact that I had some privacy, I had sat back on the stones and masturbated until my clit expanded into a long, hard cock. 

I had been thinking of her. She had been my favourite on the trip, she was so sexy and had no idea. I loved her innocence. 

I unzipped my sleeping bag and pulled it open. I guess she hadn't expected me to be naked. Her eyes got big when she saw my condition. My clit was already slipping from the little shrouded hood at the top of my pussy, growing, stretching out the way it had when had masturbated to the fantasy of Kimberly straddling it.

"It's unbelievable," Kimberly's eyes were glued to my dick. 

I spread the sleeping bag out flat and turned off the little light. "Get in here and you're gone before dawn." I told her.

She crawled across to me and slithered onto the bag, stretching her legs along mine.

I slipped my arm around her and pulled her close. 

She was so warm. Her breasts pressed into mine as our lips met. 

She scooted closer and leaned into my body. 

Her lips were so soft, so supple. 

My body ached to be touched. 

But I couldn't it. It didn't' matter that she knew my secret. I couldn't sleep with a student. It would be the end of me, I would have to find something else to do, somewhere else to live. 

"You should go back" I broke the kiss off and pushed her away. "Seriously, we can't." I said with exactly zero conviction. 

She ran her hand under my loose-fitting t-shirt, her fingers sliding over the curves of my breasts. "No," she said, seriously before she kissed me again, this time lightly, teasing me to chase her lips. 

My body stirred. It didn't matter how dangerous she was, she was stunning. 

She parted my lips with her tongue when I kissed her. 

Her hand snaked down my belly and found my erect cock. 

I signed, and she bit down on those full lips. 

"It's so hot." Her petite hand moved slowly up and down my shaft, teasing around the tip slow enough to let me know that she knew what she is doing.

I swallowed hard and then turned to face her. Without thinking, without asking and without considering any consequences, I reach down and pushed the elastic of her shorts aside. 

I could feel a small tuft of hair and then very wet lips. 

Kimberly gasped as my thumb brushed her clit and my index finger curled into her already slick pussy. 

"Oh, fuck, miss Conrad." she bit her lower lip and shifted her hips as I pushed my fingers into her.

"Shut the fuck up," I rasp. "Unless you want us both to get into serious trouble." I looked at the walls of my tent and did my best to listen past the blood rushing in my ears. 

What we were doing was so wrong. 

I imagined the teachers, what they would say, if they found out. 

She nodded and closed her eyes again while my fingers explored her sex. 

She was so tight and wet. 

Her pale cheeks blushed as her hips began to move in rhythm with my fingers. 

She spread her legs and then reached for my sopping cunt. Without a word, she ran her finger along my slit and then pressed it into me, returning the favour while her other hand worked my length. 

I turned my attention to how wet and tight she was. She may have been experienced but she had never had a cock like mine before, I was going to stretch her. 

Kimberly leaned forward and sucked my right nipple into her mouth. 

I put a hand on the back of her head and let her suck as I spread my fingers inside her. 

She squirmed in my arms, her cries were muffled by my breast.

She arched her back and spread her thighs wider. 

My fingers moved in and out slowly, diving in and slowly curling into her. She quivered every time I moved.

"Don't stop," she gasped.

But I didn't listen. I pulled my fingers from her and sat back. 

She was breathless. 

As if she had been reading my mind and knew exactly what I had been thinking, Kimberly pulled down her shorts and revealed her glistening peach.

I got onto my knees and roughly spread her legs, her sex glistened, inviting me to take her.

"Not a sound." I warned her as I placed the head of my thick cock against her enticing entrance.

"Yes," she hissed, "fuck me."

I pressed the head into her, stretching her tiny pussy open. 

She gasped, and I pushed more. 

Her warmth wrapped around me. It was so tight, and I was only halfway inside of her. 

Every little thrust made Kimberly gasp and I knew I was hurting her.

"Fuck you're so tight" I hissed as I reached down and slipped my hand behind her back, pulling her body closer as I inched my way into her. 

The sleeping bag made so much noise, but I didn't care. 

I reached down and pulled open her vest, needing to see quite how big her tits were. They were two pillows in the moonlight and I greedily kneaded her flesh and pulled on her pink nipples until she let out a gasp of delight.

Her moan was so loud, I put a hand over her mouth. "No," I said and started to fuck her faster, feeding her long, firm thrusts that made our breasts bounce. 

"God what is this girl doing to me?" I thought every time I found her cervix.

I wrapped my free hand around her milky thigh and drilled into her harder. 

Her back arched in pleasure. 

It took all the willpower I had left to stop fucking her for a second, I didn't want to cum yet, her pussy was too good. 

But Kimberly took the opportunity to remove my hand from her mouth and climb onto my lap. All while keeping my cock firmly ensconced in her pussy. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and her eyes stayed on me as she began to grind on my cock 

Now it was my turn to moan. 

"Not a sound" she teased in a whisper against my mouth. She bit my lower lip playfully just as my hands went to her firm ass, gripping it as she slid her pussy up and down my cock. 

It was slow, almost painful, the way she fucked me. Her feet on the floor beside my thighs, she rose and fell, like a yoga move onto and off my rock-hard dick. It was art watching her. 

And she knew it.

I pulled her down on my lap, burying myself to the hilt. My pussy contracted, and I kissed her. Her hard nipples grazed my own. She rocked her hips, speeding up, gasping in between kisses, building toward a mutual orgasm. 

I knew it was all wrong, that I shouldn't be doing any of it, but it was far too late to car. 

Overcome, I threw her down on her back. I climbed on top of her, between her legs. 

"We shouldn't be doing this," I said as I reached down and guided myself to her gaping hole. "You're my student." I thrust myself deep into her darkness.

On her back she could do nothing as I pounded her pussy. Arms and hips wrapped around me all I could hear were the muffled moans coming from that pretty little mouth and the sound of our hips colliding

Her orgasm took her by force. She moaned and then her whole body went rigid. Her tight pussy clenched around my cock and her fingers dug into my shoulders. 

I grunted as quietly as I could as I pulsed ropes after rope of cum into her, thrusting as I looked down at her bouncing body, the satiated smile on her face.

Tomorrow, I'm sneaking into her tent.