 The passing street lights illuminated the sides of the road as the car's headlights pierced the darkness. An occasional yawn and a creeping groggy feeling caused me to look towards the dashboard. The radio was off but the clock read 2 AM, indicating that I've been driving for over 3 hours. My attention was drawn away from the clock as I felt the mounting pressure build up in my bladder. The two empty water bottles that sat in the passenger seat passed through me quicker than I imagined. I contemplated pulling over to the side of the road to relieve myself but with my luck, someone would drive by and spot me. The previous idea was wiped from my mind when I spotted a sign up ahead indicating that a rest stop was only a few miles away and given the time of night, it would probably be empty. I took the exit ramp and drove a few hundred feet towards dimly lit building which would be best described as a bathroom in most parks where I did my daily runs. I parked my vehicle and to my surprise, one vehicle sat idle in the parking lot. As I walked towards the bathroom, I peered inside a saw a young girl sleeping inside, she looked around my age of 22, give or take a few years. My gaze was drawn away as the pressure continued to mount inside my bladder causing my pace towards the bathroom to quicken.

I walked into the bathroom, found the nearest stall and sat down, I barely had enough time to pull my panties down before a stream of urine began. The immediate relief brought a shiver up my spine as I sat alone in the bathroom. After what seemed like an eternity but was really a few minutes, my bladder was empty and I moved my hands towards the toilet paper, ready to wipe myself clean. As my hand drew closer to the holder, a faint rumble shook the building and the hanging lamps, instantly I thought earthquake but it was over before I could move. I was from around this area so I wasn't familiar with the frequency of earthquakes but this one wasn't strong enough to raise any concern. As I spread my legs apart to wipe away the urine from my vagina but the cracking of tiles and fast movement of two skinny, lightly colored objects caused my head to whip around frantically as two tentacles wrapped themselves around my wrists, pulling them away from my body and pinning them. Panic overtook my mind as I struggled against the two slimy, pink tentacles that held my arms. I attempted to push myself up with my feet but that prospect was quickly over as two more tentacles joined in, wrapping themselves around my toned calves. Unable to comprehend, I wasn't aware as I was slowly lifted into the air by these tentacles. I was unable to move, suspended in midair by these foreign objects as I heard a bubbling sound beneath me.

I turned my neck and looked down and watched as multiple tentacles emerged from the toilet, moving swiftly towards my suspended body. Before I knew it, a tugging at my shirt was quickly replaced by a loud rip as my shirt was ripped away revealing my breasts and bra. At the same time, my leggings were ripped away followed by my panties, leaving me in the air with nothing covering my lower half and a cheap bra protecting my breasts. Two tentacles sprouted between my legs, instinctively causing me to push my legs together but unable to do so as the tentacles around my calves held strong. The tentacles between my legs opened up, revealing small tendrils that moved towards my vagina, poking and prodding at the outsides of my nether region. The tendrils slowly pushed apart my vagina lips, making way for the other tentacle which began angle itself to penetrate my vagina. 

This would be how I lost my virginity, fucked by some sort of alien creature, the thought was quickly replaced as the tentacle pushed past my lips and inside of me. The tentacle holding me open soon latched itself onto my clit and began rubbing it. Fear was too strong in my mind and nowhere could a single ounce of pleasure be found as my young body was violated by these things. During this, two more tentacles joined and removed my bra, ripping the fabric and dropping it towards the ground. They to opened up revealing small tendrils as well, which attached themselves to my nipples and began caressing them. The tentacle in my vagina reached my hymen and began to push harder and harder until a sharp pain indicated that my virginity was lost. The tentacles all over my body began working in unison, the two focusing on my tits began squeezing them and rubbing my nipples as the two in my pussy caressed my clit and began thrusting itself in and out of my body.

The fear began to subside, while I was still afraid of being violated, the mounting pleasure building up inside of me overcame my inhibitions. I began looking around and soon found myself gazing into the mirrors over the sinks, I was able to see myself being fucked viciously by the tentacle in my pussy, my blonde hair swaying as the tentacle thrusts itself in and out. I watched as another slowly crept up, slithering through the air approaching my asshole. Behind it, smaller tentacles, about a dozen or so followed and positioned themselves around me. I looked around at the smaller tendrils and watched as they opened up revealing small, mouth like structures. I watched as small lumps moved up their thin bodies as a green liquid was shot from their open mouths, coating my body. I felt a tingling, pleasurable sensations on my skin all over myself and watched as the green liquid was absorbed into my body. The mouth-like tendrils soon began rubbing themselves all over my body, focusing on every pleasurable area on my body, bringing me to unimaginable heights, something that no person could ever achieve.

I suddenly remembered the tentacle moving towards my ass as I felt it reach my back door and began pushing itself inside. The wetness of my pussy ran down and moistened my asshole, allowing the slimy tentacle easy passage into my rectum. I let out a moan of sheer ecstasy, louder than the ones before, my whole body was being worked on and fucked in perfect unison, a smile crept across my face as I closed my eyes. While my eyes were shut, another tentacle saw the opportunity to move into my mouth and explore my throat. Before I realized it, I saw a thick tentacle rhythmically forcing itself into my mouth and felt as my throat stretch as it moved deeper inside. I began breathing through my nose and my moans became groans as sound was unable to escape my stretched mouth. I was in perfect harmony, feeling my body begin loved in every area with my holes stuffed. I felt an orgasm coming inside, warmth began burning circulating throughout my body as I began to come. My body quivered and my muscles spasmed as I experience my first, full body orgasm. The tentacles held me still but my body was still squirming as I slowly came down. The tentacles continued, with seemly no end in sight which didn't bother me at all. I felt the tentacle pop out of my asshole, leaving a gaping hole for three smaller ones to assume and move inside of my body. The large tentacle that was in my ass moved to join it's friend inside my pussy. I felt as my hole was stretched to its limits as it pushed itself inside. I was stretched to the limit, the void inside my pussy filled by two thick tentacles that brought me more pleasure than I could ever imagine. Soon, I felt the tentacles began to throb inside of me indicating that it was almost over. They gave it their all until finally I felt a warm liquid being deposited inside my throat, my pussy, and my ass. I expected it to be over but soon I noticed in the mirror small, round objects moving up the lengths of the tentacles towards my body. Still high on my orgasm, I watched as these orbs reached my entrances and forced themselves inside. Suddenly I realized that the tentacles were impregnating me with not only their seed, but their eggs as well. I felt multiple smaller eggs being deposited into my ass and two larger ones in my uterus and stomach. A rumbling began once again, followed by a loud cracking sound, as I turned my head, I saw the ground open up, revealing a deep pit shrouded in darkness. The tentacles slowly began lowering themselves with me still in their grasp, beneath the surface, fear becoming ever more prevalent. I watched as the hole above me closed as I was lowered deeper and deeper into the pit. Soon, soft purple lights on the wall revealed a massive cavern, presumably where these tentacles resided. I looked around at my new surroundings, fearful but in awe at the beauty that surrounded me, purple crystals on the wall shimmered with light, in the background, a waterfall gushed releasing a faint mist into the air. I was slowly lowered onto a soft, yet slimy floor as the tentacles released me from their grasp. I laid there, resting my head on the squishy floor, exhausted from what occurred. Despite the fear in the pit of my stomach, the eggs that were inside me began to tingle, relaxing my nerves. I spread my arms out and let my breasts fall naturally, I stretched as far as I could, and closed my eyes.