 Náriël Séregon sat cross legged, elven eyes closed, breathing in the fall morning air. She mentally touched the mountain forest as she centered herself for the day. Her long silvery blue hair tucked under her knitted cap, still damp from her shower, felt cool on her neck. Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe in, breathe out. Centered, Náriël opened her silver eyes slowly, lying back on a pine needle covered earth, she stretches. She loved having the privilege of living on Earth. Each day fresh and clean, in perfect balance. History reminded her that Earth was not always this way.

About a millennia ago, Earth was polluted, its citizens burring fossil fuels, doing little recycling, and consuming everything in sight with out thinking on the consequences. That time was right on the cusp of the apocalypse. Countries were still fighting over who pushed who and how hard. It took the humans almost destroying them selves to finally coax them into learning to get along. By that time they were into another ice age, the poles had shifted and magic with its creatures was back.

Náriël stood, stretching; she could smell the coffee from the house. She and her best friend since high school, Gdel Lightgilde co-owned this cabin on the edge of the forest where the farm lands begin. Elven ears pricking, Náriël could hear Gdel singing an old dwarves tune, "gold, gold, gold...." She smiled, loving the sound of Gdel singing her heritage, as she moved noiselessly through their vegetable garden at the rear of the log cabin.

"Morning Nári." Smile lighting up the darkly tanned features of Gdel's face.

"Morning." Pouring her self a cup of steamy black coffee from the French press, she moves towards the kitchen table.

Gdel finishes braiding her hair. "Excited about leaving for Mars?" Her green highlights being emphasized by her braids. 

"I don't know," sitting down at their kitchen table, "I have mixed feelings. On one hand I'm excited; I've never been to Mars. On the other I dread leaving the sanctuary that is Earth."

Náriël tapped the table's interface to read the day's news and weather. She glanced at the weather then thumbed through to the main page of the virtual paper. 'Solaris Congress appoints Nátulcien Amandil and Dacra Godsbellows to mediate between Orion's Belt and Polaris as requested by the two parties.'

'Incoming call From: Counsel Woman Alatariel Séregon of the Earth Counsel to: Náriël Séregon' "Accept" she said.

Gdel slips out of the room to give Náriël some privacy.

"Morning Náriël, looking forward to your off planet adventure?" With darker hair and golden eyes, a slightly older looking version of Nári looks back at her. 

"More like apprehensive Mom"

Alatariel chuckles, "It will be good for you to get off planet and see Mars, I hear they have some excellent climbing."

"That's the only thing that I'm really excited about."

"You mean to tell me you are going 78.3 million kilometers to Mars and you are not going to look for a nice boy?" Eyes wide and innocent.

Náriël grinning from ear to ear,"Boys? What about men?"

Alatariel rolls her eyes, smiling. "Packing finished?"

"Other then a few basics that I'm using today, yes I am."

"Good because they've moved up your transporter departure time to 1pm Earth time."

"Wow Mom, that's five hours early. Why the change?"

"Leoros requested your expertise at his conference to the Aquarian System Ambassadors. It seems that Fëanáro was called away on 'family business'."

"Surprise there." Náriël glancing at her watch "I should get going; I'll need to pack a few more things for the conference before I go."

"Be sure to call in a few days to tell me how your adventure is going."

"Will do."

"I love you sweetie."

"Love you to Mom." Her mother's holographic image disappears from above the table. Náriël heads for her room and her desk, to pick up and pack a few more items. "Gdel?" she calls to the back of the house as she makes her way towards her bedroom. "I have to leave in about half an hour. They have moved up my departure time."

"Oh yeah?" Gdel calls back from her bedroom.

"Leo requested my help at the conference." Náriël hears Gdel's foot falls come towards her bedroom.

"Let me guess," Gdel leans on Náriël's door jam "You get to fill in for Fëan"

Rolling her eyes. "Yep."

"That arrogant prig!"

Náriël grinning, "Which one?"

"Fëanáro Coamene a.k.a. Fëan the Eccentric." Gdel's emerald eyes laugh.

Gdel giggling, "That's putting it politely. It will be good to see Leo."

"I can't wait for the three of us to hang out again."

"I know It's been years." Náriël shrugs into her red and gray internal frame backpack, "Gdel you will be up in a week?"

Gdel picks up Náriël's small rolling suitcase, smiling. "I wouldn't miss harassing the two of you for anything."

* * * * * * * * Earth that was...

At the turn of the century, scientist had recently figured out that the poles had switched through out the planets history. There seemed to be a corresponding ice age. What they didn't realize is how close they where to another ice age. Scientist and outdoor folk alike had noticed the magnetic north was drifting south. This caused the magnetic field, that protected the earth from solar radiation and helped keep the atmosphere in, to weaken. The polar caps crept towards the equator, society as we knew it in the 21st century collapsed. Plants and animals that weren't hardy or couldn't adapt didn't survive the cold.

People were left to survive to the best of there abilities. Older ways of living released humans from there materialism. Since the mind was free and not bogged down from luxury and gluttonous behavior, spiritual matters could once again be addressed. Thoughs in the philosophical world began to spread the word that the mind could do anything and that we are the creators of our reality. Some people believed the scientists point of view, yet others inadvertently discovered the same thing with there 'spells' and 'prayers'. More of the suns radiation beat down on the planet. Mutations started occurring, soon elves, dwarves, trolls, and other humanoids roamed the earth with there seeming super powers. And so magic and it's creatures once again roamed the earth.

Since that time we have moved off of earth, now called Terra, and into space, the Moon and Mars. We have traveled beyond Solaris, know in 2005 as the Solar System, and met other intelligent beings just beyond our doorstep. Terra has warmed again, but is balanced for agriculture and nature preservation.

* * * * * * * * After the one and a half hour drive to the Stargate station, then the hour long weight in line for check in, then milling around for half an hour for her turn through the Stargate she was stepping off of the Earth to Mars ramp and into the arms of her other best friend from high school, Leoros.

His troll arms encircling her, "It's wonderful to see you" she mumbles into his blue skinned shoulder, her feet dangling.

"It's good to see you to" He said, setting her down. "Sorry I didn't call you myself to ask if you'd cover for Fëan."

"It's all good." Náriël, smiling, gives his hand a good squeeze. "I don't mind at all coming early to help you out."

"In my opinion you should have been here to begin with." Gazing at Náriël with admiration and affection. Turning he picks up her huge backpack and leads the way through the crowds.

Chuckling, she follows, at his side, dragging her small wheeled suitcase. "That may be so, but I don't have the wealthiest father in the Verse."

"You'd think after society's implosion almost a thousand years ago people would have figured out that money doesn't buy you everything"

Grinning from ear to ear, "Ah, my friend, there in lies the problem." Chuckles, an arm attempting to hug his huge troll waist as they walked side by side to the planet transporter gate.

He raises an eyebrow at her inquisitively.

Chuckling" You think."

Reaches down and tickles her mercilessly.

Giggling, she squirms. "Uncle" squeaks out of her mouth.

They step onto the 'Mars local' transporter platform. "Destination?" the transporter operator asks

"SE Tharsis Montes" 

"Energizing"

Stepping off of the transporter platform, Leoros takes her bags as he leads the way to his personal transport vehicle.

"Nice PTV." It's sleek and rugged exterior reflecting the Martian landscape.

The vehicle recognition lights blink green as they step up to the craft. Popping open the cargo door. "Thanks." He puts her backpack and suitcase into the compartment and closes the door.

Passenger doors slide open revealing a purple interior with leopard print trim. Nári chuckles, "Some things never change."

"I know my taste in the car's interior is audacious, but I love it." Closing the doors with a flick of a button, Leo turns the vehicle towards his home.

On the way to Leo's abode, Nári gazes out the window at the Martian landscape. "What time do I need to be at the conference? "

"24:00 MT"

"What topics do I need to cover in my talk?"

Glances over at Nári, "I need you to cover how we have balanced Earth to use as our agriculture source as well as a preserve and tourist destination."

"Wow, Fëan sure covered a lot. "Cheerful sarcasm dripping from her voice.

"I know.' Leo replying in earnest. Grinning, "Any new beau in your life?"

Smiling, " Oh yes I've found a handsome 2000 year old tree in my back yard I just adore."

Reaching out his muscular troll's arm, he ruffles her hair her long silvery blue hair. "I assume this fine specimen knows of your affections."

"Oh yes." Peels of laughter bursting forth from her lips. Nári grins lopsided at him. 

Looking out her window, the precipice of Valles Marineris accelerates past. The canyon's vastness stretching far into the distance, farther then the Grand Canyon of Earth. Looking down into its depths, she sees hang gliders dancing on the updrafts far below. "It's huge!"

Leo smiles at her, "Yep, the best backpacking and climbing ever."

She searches for other dwellings, she feels as if she were in the middle of no where, she can't see any other buildings or houses near by. Mars officials had done a beautiful job of preserving the landscape.

"And it's right at your back, no front door." Pulling into the underground garage at the side of the house. "They did a really good job of terraforming Mars yet keeping close to its natural state."

"I've always loved that about Mars. They have even made it mandatory to blend the houses into the landscape."

The PTV pulls into what looks like a cave. There are a short flight of stairs leading to a door at the side of the cave. They step out a door sliding into place at the cave entrance the space illuminated by unseen light. Following Leo, she steps up into a sunken foyer. On the right wall of the foyer hooks for coats and hats, shelves for shoes and cubbies for purses and briefcases. A bench and floor to ceiling mirror share space on the left wall.

"Who says it's not worth visiting Mars." Giving her a hard time. "The politicians did there job for once when they colonized Mars, they accurately thought about the future and how they'd be using this planet."

Nári slips out of her shoes and puts them on the shelf. She steps up, her feet luxuriate in plush pale rose carpet. Nári gazes around the circular shaped living room, walls a deep rich chocolate, art dating back to the 20th century hanging on the walls, a fountain filling up a large portion of wall, entrances to what she guessed to be a kitchen and dining room at about 9 o'clock and probably and office or den at bout 12 o'clock. At 3 o'clock she saw an elegant yet slim staircase that followed the curvature of the wall. Behind her a large picture window looks out into the canyon.

Nári's eyes open in astonishment, "I had know idea you could earn this much on the Professor's salary."

"You can't. It's the second life I lead playing liaison for the government."

Following Leo, he leads the way up the stairs. "Mmmm" she thinks to her self noticing how graceful and muscular Leo's huge troll body is. A large stained glass sky light in the center of the house streams down dappled green light onto his long black hair almost making it sparkle. It feels like walking through a deciduous forest in late spring, the colors so vivid...

Looking up as she goes, the oak stairs empty out onto a gorgeous oak tongue and groove floored balcony that circles around the whole level and looks down onto the living room. At the top of the stairs he continues on to the right. The first door he comes to, "That's my bedroom." The next doorway he enters. 

"This will be your home away from home for the next few months. You have your own private bathroom." Leo sets her backpack down on a queen size bed.

A love seat faces a tall window, the window taking up one wall. There is a low slung table in front of the love seat. On either end of the table there are chairs matching the love seat. Nári sets her black suit case beside the love seat. She stands in front of the window gazing out at the canyon floor 10 kilometers below. She was truly in awe, she thought the Grand Canyon was deep it only reached 1.6 kilometers into the Earth's crust.

Leo regards Nári's tall slender yet muscular silhouette. Reminiscing about there last trip out to the backcountry on a rock climbing/backpacking excursion and watching her lithe body climb up a tricky route as he belayed her from below. Her muscles tensing in all the right places. His manhood twitched, bringing him out of his reverie.

"Remind me to get out my telescope." She raised an eyebrow in question." You can watch people climb some of the canyon walls from here."

Silvery eyes light up, "Rock'n!"

"Would you believe that we have nutters that climb at night when both moons are out?"

Turning around to look at him, "Yes, I could. I'm one of thoughs nutters." She grins wickedly at Leo.

"We have about three hours until we need to leave for the start of the conference."

"Awesome. I'm going to unpack, take a bath and get organized."

"Any dinner requests?"

"Hmmm." Starting to empty her internal frame backpack on the bed. "Salad and anti-pasta?"

"Coming up."

"Could I get a before dinner drink?"

"What does the lady desire?"

"Water, with a spritz of lemon"

"As you wish." Leo bows with a flourish. He heads downstairs to the kitchen. He pulls the ingredients from the fridge for the salad and for the anti-pasta. He grabs a cutting board, knife and bowl. He starts chopping the spinach for the salad.

Nári continues unpacking and putting her things away in the small walk in closet. She pauses long enough to get the bath water running and to put in a few handfuls of lavender rosemary bath salts. She sets up her small alter on the table in front of the window. Just as she tucks her backpack onto a shelf in the closet Leo walks back in.

"Here you go" Handing her the glass of water.

"Thanks" takes a sip.

"My compliments to the chef" winking.

"Don't thank me, thank the replicator."

Giggling "I'm going to have to kick you out. It's bath time."

"What, I can't watch?" in mock hurt, a pout on his face.

Nári rolls her eyes smiling as she is shooing him to her bedroom door.

Closing it she tugs off her clothes and places them into the launderer She takes her drink and slips into the hot steamy water, the tub automatically turning the water off before it over flowed. The water is scalding hot, she can feel her muscles instantly relaxing. Tension melts away. The fragrance of rosemary and lavender fill her nostrils, the sent easing her mind out of a tight mental knot.

Nári closes her eyes and lets her mind lower its psychic barriers slowly, like someone peeling an onion. She wants to get a general sense of the psychic aurora of the populous around her. Nári listens mentally to the other households near by, she touches two or three others with mental shields, they seem peaceful to her. Sensing no malevolence nearby, Nári reaches out further with her mind. All seems at peace.

She luxuriates in the water for a while, washing her face and upper body swirling around her nipples being gentle not to scrub to hard. Her hands move the scrubby thingy all over her body, every nook and cranny. Dipping the scrubby thingy into the now warm water she lets the water run down her back, careful not to get her hair wet. She stands up stretching like a feline.

Nári steps out of the tub, it drains as she dries off. Moving into her bedroom, she hears music coming through the door from the living room. It sounds rhythmically ethereal and sexual. Her small walk in closet beckons, she picks out a deep purple brocade corset and matching lace thigh highs to wear underneath her retro 1930's dress suit. 

Nári slips into her corset. She pulls the stays tight as she pulls hard on the laces with nimble fingers. Tying off the lower laces, she moves her attention to tightening the upper laces. Nári loves the feel of a corset, she feels sexy and powerful. She pulls tighter on the upper lacings, her breasts mounding as she gives another tug. She breaths in delighted at the sensuous sight of her self in the mirror. 

Giving one last pull on the upper laces, she ties them tight. Nári unties the lower laces and begins tightening the corset. Her waist line is pulled smaller as she tugs on the laces. She tugs again, feeling the corset constrict her lower abdomen. She ties the lower laces tight then steps in front of the full length mirror in the closet to examine her self.

Nári loves how she looks, she smiles at the soon to be hidden sexy secret. Bosom nearly spilling from the top of her corset, her cleavage absolute perfection. The deep purple brocade flattering her skin tone beautifully.

Nári sits on the side of the bed pulling on her silky deep purple lace thigh highs. "Yummy." She thinks. Nári then slips into the rich forest green short sleeved suit Jacket, next the matching A-line skirt. Nári arranges her hair, leaving it long it flows down to mid back. Changing her earrings, she puts on a dash of makeup. Twirling, she gives herself a quick look in the mirror. 

"Straight out of the 1930's." she mummers to herself, smiling, picking up her pumps and briefcase she makes her way down stairs. Leo's bedroom door is open. Nári looks in, she doesn't see him.

Down stairs in she makes her way to the foyer. She sets her shoes and briefcase down ready to go when they leave in two hours. Still no sign of Leo, music still throbbing in the living room she lets it take her. She moves her body rhythmically, sensually to the intoxicating music.

Leo steps out of his room onto the balcony, watching her from above he is mesmerized. There had always been a bit of sexual tension between them but both of them never followed through in all these years. Right now he was sorely tempted, watching her body undulate through space was a beautiful thing. It is like a slow and fluid belly dance.

His manhood presses into his pants yearning to be used. "Venus Hum, Heaven" Leo steps down the stairs. He watches her body flow like an ethereal being. 

Still dancing, "I love it." Silver eyes rimmed with bronze, the Elven signature of lust. Nári feels the slow burning of passion rising through her body. Beckoning Leo in her dance she stretches an arm, then a hand, then her fingers towards him.

"Nári..." his voice heavy with lust. Leo's feet move him closer to her sensuous body of their own accord. 

Nári arches her back, flinging her arms out behind her as she lets her head fall back. Beautiful cleavage drawing Leo's attention, his pole starts to stand to attention. She then tilts her hips back, her belly follows in a snake like undulation. Her hips sway from side to side, her arms weaving an intricate pattern in the air. Nári whirls her long hair flying around her as though it was thread of silken gossamer.
