 Greetings one and all, I'm JT, short for Jon Thomas. I'm over 150 years old. As a mortal I worked for enterprising ladies who sought to sell their most personal and private possession. I would coordinate, facilitate and if necessary intimidate on these ladies behalf. I worked the streets in London England, in Brothels of the old American west, and finally in a 20th Century Cathouse in a southern state in America, where my life ended abruptly due to three gunshot wounds to my upper torso. I thought of myself as a personal assistant. Unfortunately, when I arrived at the pearly gates Saint Peter called me a pimp and sent me to purgatory. I've been stuck in Purgatory for the last ten decades. In order to redeem myself for having taken advantage of these poor delicate flowers and earn my way into heaven I have served as a protector for sexually adventurous women, ensuring that they are kept safe while they seek to satisfy their carnal cravings. 

~~~

I'm bummed. This report to the old man on the life and times of Sharon might be my last.

Here's what happened. 

Sharon was having an after dinner drink with her best girlfriend and the girlfriend's husband. I was hovering above their dinner table weekend before last, bored out of my mind. I was just about to call the weekend person at the purgatory reception desk to ask, "Why in the name of all that is holy I had been called in to escort Sharon."

At that moment, out of the blue my girl asks both of her hosts, "Are you guys sure about this?"

Sharon's girlfriend Kellie had a smile that stretched from ear to ear when she said, "We're sure we won't have second thoughts in the morning, or insecurities moving forward. I'm ready for you to rock Brett's world."

She was still smiling happily when she kissed Brett deeply and said to him, "Have fun, and make me proud." 

She then took both of Sharon's hands in her hands, looked into her eyes for a long moment, and then said "Ride him like a rented mule!"

I almost spit out my coffee when she said that. Sharon replied to her girlfriend, saying, "I'm gonna break his back." 

It turned out that while I was on another assignment the last few weeks, Sharon had arranged to cuckold her best friend, and her friend couldn't have been happier about it.

The plan was for her to fuck Kellie's husband Brett in the guest bedroom, while Kellie was in her and Brett's bedroom watching TV.

~~~

AS soon as Sharon and Brett walked into the guest bedroom she went into full whore mode, and something nasty was about to go down.

Sharon is a shade over six feet tall plus sized girl, with smallish breasts and a shaved pussy. Brett is an inch shorter than her and thinner too.

As she was getting undressed, she was grinning from ear to ear. Once they were both in their birthday suits, she walked up to him, put both her hands on his chest and pushed him backwards onto the bed. He was halfway lying down, when she dropped to her knees and put both her hands on either side of him, and then lowered her mouth to the tip of his dick.

She gave his soldier a few aggressive licks, before she plunged her mouth down on it, taking it balls deep into her throat in one motion. She bobbed her head up and down on his thing until her saliva coated his nuts, then she had him scoot around to a corner of the bed. At that point she had my attention. Once he was in place, sweet and innocent Sharon, former wife and present mother straddled him while still standing.

People let me tell you, she rode him like a jockey riding a thoroughbred. I've never seen a woman work her ass the way Sharon worked hers, and I've seen some pros in action. To top it off, the entire time she was bouncing up and down on his dick, she had a realistic beast cock butt-plug stuck up her ass.

Unbeknownst to Sharon, Brett had taken a little blue pill, so he was able to fuck her for hours. They fucked in doggy-style, missionary, and cowgirl with oral mixed in. I think her shear nastiness also helped him stay hard for so long.

The grand finale was a blowjob where Brett emptied his nuts in Sharon's mouth. She jumped out of bed and hurried to Kellie and Brett's bedroom. When she got in there, she climbed into bed with Kellie, and kissed her on the mouth with her hubby's cum still in Sharon's mouth.

I'll admit it. I got a boner when she did that.

~~~

Oh wait there's more. The following weekend she had an MFM threesome.

I took my popcorn for that one, and let me tell you that she-devil Sharon, didn't disappoint.

The guys knew each other, but Sharon only knew one of them. As I listened to their pre-game conversation, it was quickly obvious that Sharon's guy friend had brought his buddy along, because his buddy was bringing a big cock along with him.

Sharon was giddy with anticipation. After chatting for a bit about this and that, she excused herself to go potty. She returned about ten minutes later wrapped in only a towel.

When she dropped it and slid into bed, both men made a mad dash to the bathroom to drain their tool, and prepare for battle.

When they were all in bed I broke out my cell phone and turned on my video camera. This fuck session was going to be jack-off material for me later.

I kid you not, that group of nymphs went at it for eight hours straight, with no more than a pee break or two thrown in.

I stopped counting at number nine. Nine being the total number of times Sharon got fucked in the ass, pussy or mouth combined. I didn't count the hand-jobs and blowjobs she gave to both guys.

She mostly took her guy in her ass, while she tried to suck the big dick guy's brains out through his love pipe. When she deep-throated his big dick, it looked like she had a pair of nuts attached to her chin.

At one point she maintained consistent contact with big dick guy's meat sickle for 30 minutes. She was sucking, licking, or pumping his manhood with her hand the entire time. 

When she finally pulled off of it to focus on the pussy eating she was receiving from her friend, the mushroom head of that big eight and a half inch dick was purple and swollen.

After her friend had eaten her to an orgasm, Mr. Big Dick went to town on her tight little box. Her moaning and whaling could be heard up and down the hallway of the hotel, as well as on the floor above and the floor below.

And yes her box is still tight, it's my job to know, I'll leave it at that.

Thanks to her being so noisy when big dick guy buried his bone to the hilt in her tight pussy, I had to cast a spell over hotel guests, which concealed Sharon's screams of pleasure. Now I'm going to have to fill-out a mountain of paperwork, to justify casting the spell.

By the time the mini-orgy was over Sharon's poor cum filled pussy and asshole was battered, bruised and sore. She filled up her bathtub several times the following day, and soaked her abused kitty and booty in hot water.

~~~

As if that wasn't whorish enough, the little minx had already added another notch to her bedpost, less than a week after that marathon fuck session. Her love hole barely had a chance to close, before she had another stiff prick filling her void.

However, she walked away from that one niter disappointed. Her latest cock with a man attached to it failed to demonstrate a sufficient level of creativity and filthiness to satisfy her. She could barely contain her disgust when all he did was hammer her pussy in the missionary position until he came

That was the first time I've seen her not bother to suck a cock.

I was beginning to wonder if I should protect Sharon from the men, or protect the men from Sharon. That was when she broke the news to me that one of the guys she'd fucked was going to be her boyfriend. I kid you not. Just like that her kitty was closed to the public. I didn't see that coming.

This sweet innocent angel Saint Peter had me protecting from all you lecherous men, put more points on the board than an NBA player, but as soon as she found a guy she liked, she took her pussy off the market.

I'm happy for her though, besides I was able to report to the old man that I had safely brought another ship into port.

My own personal porn movie was over. I was so bummed until I didn't feel like filing this report right away.

I even went to Florida to watch some spring training baseball. Just so I'd have something to do, I offered to keep an eye on some of the working girls that follow the teams, but for some reason Saint Pete wouldn't let me. Yet it's fine for me to watch the Sharon's of the world. I'm not so sure Pete understands women's sexuality.

Case in point, the other day right in the middle if the ballgame, I'm sent to watch over a single lady. She's both an aunt and a granny. Obviously, she's sweet and innocent, right? 

So you know this married cad must be taking advantage of her, right? The correct answer would be, WRONG!

When I got there, ole Romeo was in the saddle hammering away like he does when he's home with his Mrs. Aunt Granny is doing everything she can to make it interesting. She's rolling her hips, she's pumping her pussy up to meet his thrusts, and she's crossing her legs behind his ass trying to spur him on to ride her harder. None of it worked.

Once again I'm asking myself, who's the victim here?

After Mr. in and out, in and out, comes back from taking a pee break, Aunt Granny is on her knees with her ass in the air. OK now I'm interested. But he wasn't. I couldn't believe it, but he grabbed her by the hips and turned her around so he could climb back in the saddle. If you could have seen the look on her face, it was priceless, and killer.

I sat in a chair, put my feet on the coffee table and took a nap.

P.S. I didn't mention any dick sucking or pussy eating because there wasn't any of either, not that Aunt Granny wasn't down for it, but Mr. in and out, is also Mr. Vanilla.

~~~

This is what I'm reduced to watching without Sharon. I need a vacation from this vacation.