 Copyright 2015 © Objurgation 

All content created by Objurgation and used fictitiously. All characters, companies and places are the product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons or business entities, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 

This work is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of Objurgation.  

Terra-33 

Episode 0.3 

"Jared!" 

His friend shouted something back but an explosion rocked the side of the building that Remi was crouching behind. What had only been the bare bones of a prefabricated temporary shelter shattered inward, the steel sheeting screeched horribly as it was ripped away from the support beams. Remi cradled his head in his arms, cowering from the falling debris. When his neck and arms stopped being pelted by various, mostly hot objects, Remi risked another glance around the corner. What was left of Jared had been thrown fifteen yards from the building. Remi looked away, not wanting to see more than the split second he already had. Rising to one knee, he thrust the barrel of his rifle out of his cover, sighting on one of the slumpers. No one knew what they were called or where they came from. The surveys of the world hadn't turned up any surface dwellings or areas that looked heavily populated by intelligent life. That didn't matter much now though, the few remaining human survivors were hard-pressed to muster any sort of coordinated defense. 

He stroked the trigger twice, sending heavy brass screaming into the torso of the crouching humanoid. It shrieked and fell backwards, dropping the weird-looking grenade launcher/mortar-type weapon. They had been firing these occasionally for three days now that the humans were dug in, the bulbous tubes ejecting speeding high-explosive rounds. A slumper would amble up and crouch, bracing the weapon against its lower body and then let fly. Remi hadn't seen this one coming, trusting Jared to cover that angle. Jared had been taken by surprise though, at least that's what he assumed. The swarthy man had been sprinting back to Remi's position when he heard him yell and Remi had turned, everything slowing as he recognized the slumper's burping weapon discharge. It was squirming on the ground now, bleeding some dark fluid onto the dirt. Remi sighted down on another as it approached warily through the ruin of a transport vehicle. 

The way they moved was weird and alien to Remi, almost more than their features. They were bipedal, but the lower of two knee joints was reversed and the way their torso curved made them look like an S shape with an extra curve added. They ambled more than walked or ran. Not sure if that's the right word, he thought, watching the slump move. It was a weird, shifting motion, their upper bodies swaying side to side with each step. It seemed that with the shape of their bodies, rapid movement should be impossible, but they were fast when they wanted to be. Remi had seen one leap across a twenty yard gap in a couple of heartbeats, slashing into a defender with its bladed armor. Their upper arms were much bulkier than their legs, not so much that it looked ungainly, but Remi was surprised by the difference. He hadn't heard them speak yet, or make any of the battle chatter common among humans, and that was off-putting too. 

Remi's visor had been damaged, cracked down the middle from a face-plant onto the dirt. Without the HUD assisting, combat became a lot harder, and a lot more dangerous. The besieged humans had run out of all Sharp and Burn ammo too, falling back on standard-issue brass and lead cartridges, which Remi was glad they had brought along as a backup plan. He scanned the area, waiting as the dust and dirt particles cleared slowly. Another slumper was ambling their way, armed with the alien's version of a rifle. It didn't appear to see Remi, so he took his time, waiting until the soldier reached a solid kill range. He stroked the trigger again, the muzzle flash blazing even in the middle of the day. When his first round missed, the alien fell prone immediately, presenting a much smaller target. It must have had a HUD or targeting system of some sort, because it focusing in on Remi's position and started cracking out shots. Remi had taken cover hastily after missing his first shot, hoping that one of the girls that had posted up with him were still combat ready. He tried to get eyes on one of them, but with the imploded steel wall and pile of junk blocking his vision, he couldn't see much. 

Ricochets pinged off of the wall and Remi cringed as he waited for the firing to die down. He checked his magazine, the LED-Smart display showing seven rounds left. Shifting around, he prepared to stand. As the firing stopped, Remi exploded to his feet, sighting on the last position where he had seen the slumper. It was moving slowly, reloading or fiddling with its weapon. Remi had a much better angle now and let fly, hammering all seven brass slugs at the monster. They impacted heavily, dark liquid ejecting out of burst armor. The slumpers wore a tight-fitting, nearly black armor that looked almost like an exoskeleton. It certainly worked for hand-to-hand with the blades affixed to their forearms, but these .50 caliber rifle rounds tore through it. He had witnessed people using shotguns to similar effect, the lead pellets ripping up the alien armor easily. The slumpers' sheer numbers had been the real problem, and their similar technology level when it came to armaments. Remi was just glad his armor was mostly intact because without the compensators, he would have a lot of trouble handling the recoil of even semi-auto fire on his rifle. 

He tried not to think about how many of his friends were left alive. Jared had been one of the core group he had come to Terra-33 with on the drop party. He and his twin brother, Jerome, were from Remi's hometown of Portland. He had worked a few odd jobs with them after school and knew them pretty well at this point. Now they were both gone. Clara might still be alive but he hadn't seen her in an entire day. That left Ann, who was somewhere in this wreckage that used to be a building. Remi had shoved his way through the blockage and was delving deeper into the sagging structure when he saw her. A ray of sunlight from a fist-sized hole in the wall illuminated her face. It also illuminated her left shoulder, which was a mangled hunk of flesh, with no arm in sight. Remi ran to her side and fell to his knees, forgetting the thumps of gunfire and roaring explosions. 

"Ann..." 

Her eyes snapped open, feverish and wild. Remi gasped and cast about for something to tie the wound off with. 

"Remi, ah... fuck," she sighed, the words whispering past her lips. "Where's my arm?" 

"I don't know, I'm sorry." Tears burst into Remi's eyes but he kept them on hers. 

"I'm done." 

"No! We can make a tourniquet..." Remi trailed off as she gripped his left hand hard. 

"You're a good dude, Remi. At least I got to sack up with you, befo-" she coughed. 

Remi was silent, knowing she was right and not knowing what to say. He couldn't remember the last time he had seen a medic and their sickbay had been destroyed a couple days ago. 

"Hey, promise me you'll live. Give those fucking slumps hell." 

"I will, Ann. I..." he felt her hand slacken. "I love you." 

Remi's heart was in his throat as he stared down at her lifeless eyes. He hadn't even had a chance to tell her how he felt. They had just started getting serious, after years of flirting and occasional fooling around. Ann had grown extremely close to him in the last month, the two-week voyage from Earth to Terra-33 being spent locked away in their small room. He had been with girls before, but Ann was different. Maybe because he had known her most of his life, and wanted her for most of that time. It had seemed so real, their budding relationship, and Remi couldn't believe that she was gone now, really gone. Their constructs had been killed days ago, this was real life now, and real death. He held her as he cried, oblivious to the chaotic sounds of battle. 

What seemed like hours later, Remi was finally done. He looked down at her one last time, then searched her quickly for ammo, food and water. Adding her dwindling supplies to his own, Remi stood and hefted his rifle. He reloaded grimly, silent and brooding. When he stepped out of the ruined building, Remi was a new man. Reborn in blood, his only purpose was to end as many alien lives as possible before they ended his own. 

--- 

"Remi." 

He heard a girl's voice and thought it was Ann, somehow. 

"Remi, wake up!" The urgent whisper brought his eyes fluttering open. "Where were you?" 

"What?" Remi asked, staring up at Trix's concerned face with foggy eyes. 

"When you were dreaming, where were you?" 

"Oh," Remi said, the images coming rushing back. "Just, a dream..." 

"Somewhere bad, Remi, what happened to you?" 

"Just..." he groaned, sitting up on the couch. His living room was dark and half of her face was in shadow. He could see her eyes though, bright and shining. It almost looked as if she'd been crying. "Sometimes it comes back. It was a long time ago, another life." 

"You only get one life, as far as I know," she said, cocking her head. 

"Trix, I don't know if I'm ready to share this," he could see something in her eyes when he said that. She was upset about something. "Forget about me, what is going on?" 

"It's you, so I can't forget about you. You are the problem, but also the solution, I think," she stammered. Remi sat still, gazing across the room at her. She was crouched on his loveseat, like a bird on a perch. Her hands held her jaw and chin and her hair was loose. "Remi, you don't know me." 

"What do you mean? I know a lot about you." 

"Not really. What's my name? All of it?" 

"I don't know," he responded honestly. 

"Why don't you?" 

"Because you haven't told me yet, despite my asking." 

"Beatrix Lisette Unterbrink," she said quietly, "But don't call me that." 

"Wow, ok. Why are you telling me now?" 

"Wow?" Trix shifted, letting her feet drop to the floor. Remi saw that she was still wearing shoes and clothing, but he felt rested, like he had been sleeping for a while. "I've been thinking." 

"For how long?" 

She shrugged exaggeratedly. 

"You haven't slept, have you?" 

"No..." Trix ran her hands through her hair suddenly. "No, I haven't. I've been watching you, thinking... Mostly about you. We need to talk, Remi." 

He felt a sinking feeling, his emotions already high from the memories of his final moments with Ann. Those words, with that tone, usually meant something bad was about to be said. 

"Oh, sorry," she said, seeing his expression. "I need to talk." 

"Ok." 

"Look, I'm not good at this, obviously!" 

"What can I do to help?" 

She stood and began pacing back and forth in front of his low, polymer-topped table. 

"I don't know," she said finally, "Probably nothing. Just listen, ok?" 

"Sure." 

She paused and looked at him in the little bit of moonlight that was seeping through the window near the kitchen. Trix spun on her heel again, resuming her pacing. Remi just sat still, not wanting to interrupt her. There was something wrong and he knew that it must be something important, he had never seen her this serious. 

"When I said that I don't peg every boy I meet, that's true. You're my first. Actually, you're my first in the other way too," she paused to look at his shocked expression. "Just anal, I mean. I've had sex before." 

"Why didn't you tell me?" 

"That's the real question, isn't it?" she asked bitterly. "I don't know, well, I don't want to tell you. I've been to bad places too, like that place in your dream. I don't want to think about that now though. Look, Remi, you're the first boy, man, really... I mean, you're the first one that I've been comfortable with. I feel like we have a future, like when you submitted to me-" 

"I didn't really submit," he interrupted. She looked at him and rolled her eyes. 

"Really?" 

"Well..." 

"Yeah, so, when you submitted to me, it was like you flipped a switch inside my brain. After that, I would have let you do whatever you wanted. Actually, I probably did," she paused. 

"Mmhmm," he said with a slow smile. 

"You're a bad boy, Remigius. But I like it." Her smile was beautiful and real. "I like you, and really, I think that you're probably a really good guy. Ida basically proves that." 

"Why? Because I didn't want to turn her in?" 

"No, because you believed her. Pretty quickly too, from how she tells it. You could have just assumed she was being controlled and playing a joke on you." 

"That was the first thing that crossed my mind," Remi agreed. "But it was too real, she seemed too emotional and desperate. Plus, she kind of punched me in the face and escaped all on her own." 

Trix frowned cutely when she heard that. Remi motioned her over and she didn't hesitate, jumping up and falling into his arms. He caught her, staggered by the momentum but letting it carry them down to the cushions. Her lips found his and he returned the kiss, taking his time. They kissed slowly, a totally different experience than the last time he had been with her. He couldn't believe that she had bared herself to him emotionally like that. She always seemed so full of bravado and spunky energy, ready to shut him down with a quip or mocking grin, or a pistol. Now that he had glimpsed a very real side of her, he wanted more, and hoped that she wouldn't revert completely come morning. For now, he held her tightly, pressing his hands against her lower back. Her mouth became more urgent and Remi was hardening quickly. When he slid his hands down to grip her ass through her tight shorts, she moaned against his lips and grinded her pelvis against him. Remi cried out, laughing as he had to reposition his erection underneath them so she wouldn't beat it up too much. 

She moved off of him, sliding to the floor on her knees, keeping her hands in contact with his chest, legs or bulging pants at all times. He had swapped out the jeans for some sleepwear-type clothing when they had all gone to bed, Trix insisting that Ida alone have the bed. He watched her yank on the knees of the pants and pushed himself up so she could get them off. His cock flopped onto his stomach and Remi sighed as Trix ran a slender finger slowly from the tip, all along the sensitive underside of his shaft, to the base. He jumped a little when she kept going and poked at his ass, causing her to erupt in quiet laughter. Remi leaned back into the couch, gripping the base of his dick and pressing it up, at a right angle to his pelvis. As his hand tightened, the blood flow to the shaft and head increased, making the veins and his cock bulge. Trix's laughter turned into a moan and she took him in her mouth, slowly using her tongue on his sensitive head, flattening it out and rubbing the rough flesh against him. When she increased the suction and dropped halfway down his dick, Remi groaned and lay his head against the backrest. 

"Keep it like that," she whispered, spinning around and dropping her shorts in one smooth motion. Remi held his cock steady, pointing rigidly at the object of his lust. He could see that she was ready for him as she backed her legs against his. Her fingers came down and spread her lips as she looked between her legs, gauging the distance. Remi grabbed her right hip as soon as it came into range and pressed her down. In one motion, her legs were flush against him and he was fully inside of her. Her passage gripped his shaft hard, her tightness even more noticeable when he knew that this was in person and she didn't have full control. Trix began slowly rocking against him, sliding his dick back and forth but not letting much of it escape. Remi felt her fingers again, this time on his shaft as she furiously rubbed her clit. He gripped her around her slim waist, guiding her as she rode him. Trix threw her head back and her body with it, forcing him to reposition hastily. He felt her ass smash against his hips and her mouth found his. He moved his hands up, massaging her firm breasts and humping up steadily, letting her feel him fully for a few seconds with each thrust. She grinded her ass against him, moaning into his mouth as she continued rubbing herself. 

"Don't come," Trix ordered. "Not until I'm ready." 

Remi didn't respond verbally, gnawing on her neck instead. She shook on him and he let her control the pace, deep and slow. When she started breathing faster and her sheath pulsed around his hardness, Remi pushed her hand away, taking over on her clit. He pulled up with both fingers spread, exposing it completely, then covered it with his index finger and began rubbing half of the digit against it roughly. Trix lost it, shaking and moaning on top of him. Remi was surprised when he felt her squeeze his balls firmly. He felt her begin to orgasm and she didn't let go of him, slamming her pussy down and sliding his balls around with her fingers. It became too much for Remi and only moments after Trix began to come, he felt himself spurt. He growled against her shoulder, thrusting violently as she squeezed him harder, feeling huge bursts erupt from his dick. The relief was instant and amazing, the first time he had physically come inside of a woman in years. He sank back, sliding down further, his ass slipping off the edge of the couch. 

"Mmm, I should grab your balls more often." 

"I'd like that," he said, shifting them both into a spooning position. His couch was fairly deep and they both fit easily. During the shuffle, he felt himself pop out of her clutching warmth. Her thighs were wet from their activities and he nestled his softening cock between her ass cheeks. She pressed her back against him and he buried his face in her hair. He had kept his distance from women in the last couple of years and this was a pleasant and welcome change. Remi felt Trix's breathing change, becoming deeper and slower. He fell asleep shortly after, satisfied emotionally as well as physically. 

--- 

"I've got to pee," Remi said, awakened by the thin morning light. 

"Me first!" Trix shouted as she rocketed to the bathroom. 

Remi sighed and stood, stretching lazily and grabbing his cock at the halfway point. He walked over to the bathroom door and did a little dance, holding himself to try to stem the urgency. After what seemed like minutes, but was probably just seconds, Trix came out and he rushed past her. Remi popped the seat up on the toilet quickly and sighed in relief. 

"Hey, Remi..." 

"What?" he said over his shoulder, the bathroom door slightly askew behind him. 

"Ida's ID is ready. And we have a problem," Trix said, poking her head in. 

"What is the problem?" 

"Look," she shoved her smartphone at his face. 

When his eyes focused on the image, he saw his own face looking back at him. 

"At least they used a good picture!" 

Remi snorted a laugh, her words actually very true. They had used a picture of him getting off of his bike, looking over at the camera with bright blue eyes. His short, blonde hair was tousled from the helmet under his arm. Pushing the phone away, he moved over to the sink, splashing water on his face. He didn't want to take the time to shower, hoping that neither of the girls did either. Ida hadn't poked her head out and they would have to wake her soon. Remi brushed his teeth quickly while Trix did the same, her free hand sliding bathroom supplies she had brought into the bag they came from. Remi tossed his toothbrush and deodorant in the same bag, once he had finished with both. They hustled into the living room and were packing things into Trix's duffle when Ida shuffled out of the bedroom. Remi stared for a moment, forgetting that she had uploaded the dye pack they purchased for her last night. 
