 Copyright 2015 © Objurgation 

All content created by Objurgation and used fictitiously. All characters, companies and places are the product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons or business entities, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 

This work is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of Objurgation.  

***** 

Terra-33 

Episode 0.6 

"What's the word?" 

"Our buggie is down for another few hours while they repair the nest," Remi said with a wink. "So, we have some downtime..." 

"Why the big smile?" Trix asked, cocking her hips and raising an eyebrow. She had a pretty good guess as to what was making Remi grin, but it was still fun to feign ignorance. 

"Ida had a little talk with me." 

"Oh, I'm sure you'll fill me in sometime," Trix said, unable to resist the setup. 

"Sometime soon, I hope. Ida mentioned you'd be interested in some group activities tonight and that I should lead you to our cozy quarters whenever you're ready," Remi smiled, clearly enjoying the situation. 

Trix held out her hand in response, not bothering to reply. She had stayed in the shower for a while after Ida stepped out to talk to Remi. Afterward, she donned her priming suit which covered her from ankle to wrists to neck like a second skin. They had special shoes that went with their feet armor which were little more than a thin layer of material that went over each toe, the bottom with a little tread. She liked the feel of them, able to walk almost barefoot when not in her armor. 

Remi was quiet, holding her hand for the short walk to the their quarters. The night was already getting dark now that the suns had sunk beneath the horizon. Terra was quiet at night, outside of the city. Trix looked off to the mountains and watched the darkness creep over the peaks, slowly killing their color. By the time they were near the ramp, the purples and blues had been replaced by black and shades of gray. Terra-33 had a moon very similar to Earth's, but the illumination provided by the sun's reflection seemed to be dampened somehow. Trix noticed that effect now as the brightly lit campsite contrasted with the lurking night surrounding it. She wondered how much of it was the glare tricking her eyes but it couldn't displace the feeling of quiet malevolence that seemed to creep over her. Even after over a week in the untamed wilderness, nighttime caused a visceral reaction in her. It made her glad for the low-light optics built into her visor, not that it helped her now when she was without. 

When Remi gave her a gentle push, she realized that she was hanging on the edge of the ramp, staring out into the darkness. She had revealed her fears to Ida and Remi, who had each had similar experiences with different personal reactions. Ida had been frustratingly scientific about it, rationally providing facts on the surface reflection properties of Terra's moon. Apparently, even with two suns, this moon reflected less than 8% of that light. Trix had been subjected to an unrequested lesson and now knew that Earth's moon reflected only about 12-13% of Sol's light, even when full. Remi had grunted and asked Ida if she downloaded an electronic encyclopedia. She told him that she had done just that and Trix had lunged across the small room to prevent further lectures. Her groping and fumbling in their cramped quarters had led to the second occasion where all three of them had participated and the memory made her shiver. 

She preceded Remi up the ramp and down the small hallway to their door. Not bothering to knock or check the lock, Trix pushed down on the handle and swung the door out. Remi was forced to try to lean past the edge of the door and her shoulder to get a look inside when Trix didn't immediately enter. The reason for Trix's pause was reclining against the wall opposite the door. Ida was covered in diaphanous fabric that clung to certain areas of her body while wisps of it stirred in the air displaced by the opening of the door. Her lips were parted and Trix could see her hooded eyes, an uncharacteristically wanton lust floating in them. The black tendrils of fabric contrasted with her new, paler skin. Trix saw her left nipple and half of that breast as her gaze traveled lower. It came to rest on the bulging object between her legs. Ida held it clutched in her hand, her slender fingers rubbing languidly along the shaft. Trix stepped into the room when she felt Remi push on her lower back once again. She felt him enter behind her and heard the door click shut and the manual lock-bar fall into place. 

"Come here," Ida commanded. 

This time Trix didn't need Remi to push her. 

"Touch me," the construct said, her voice firm and authoritative. 

Trix did. As soon as her palm touched the head of Ida's dick, she moaned and leaned forward. Remi was fumbling with the fastening on her one-piece suit and Ida moved to help him, grabbing a handful of Trix's breast as soon as the fabric had cleared her shoulder. Trix's eyes closed and she lost herself in the sensations for a moment. Her right hand was exploring Ida's rigid erection while Ida played with her left nipple and abdomen. She felt Remi sliding the suit down to her knees, his fingers following it while his tongue stopped at her ass. His long, slow lick along her spine had been more than enough to make Trix clench her cheeks and she felt his tongue run along the hard flesh, then down, licking the crevasse between her thigh until he reached her hip. 

Without speaking, Ida pulled her closer. Trix followed lazily, still a bit stunned by the situation. She had been anticipating something like this but the reality of it was entirely different than any speculation. Remi's strong palms struck her shoulders and she groaned as his fingers wrapped around, rubbing her deeply. His thumbs dug into her back as she stepped onto the bed. Trix looked down and saw that they had shoved two of the cots together to form one decent sized little nest. It looked like they had piled the other mattress over the two in order to get rid of the gap. Dismissing the random observation, she let Ida guide her onto her dick. She had let go with her hand at some point, but Ida kept her own grip on the base, angling the head to strike right at Trix's opening. 

She wasn't fully wet because of the abruptness of the situation, but she ground her slit against the bulging head, opening herself as well as providing some lubricant for entry. When Ida was finally able to get inside, she buried herself halfway immediately until the lack of fluid stopped them. They both moaned at the sudden insertion and Trix took the lead, rising up and down in a rocking motion to get more of it inside. Remi was still massaging her and the effect was relaxing, which was probably his intent. When she slammed down on the warm dick fully, Trix giggled as her breasts pressed against Ida's. She moved her upper body back and forth to feel her nipples glide along the exposed skin with its flimsy covering. Ida's bright green eyes were full of lust when Trix looked up at her but there was a trace of a smile was on her lips. Trix thought that her lips looked pretty and that it would be a good idea to taste them. 

While they kissed, instead of going hard, Trix just moved slowly against Ida's hips. She let her knees grip Ida's outer thighs and the construct thrust up a little when her legs came together. With a gasp, Trix felt Remi's tongue again, this time between her ass cheeks, which must have become quite a tempting sight in her current position. She felt Ida's shaft graze her clit as it worked deep inside of her and shook a bit when Remi's tongue penetrated from the other side. His hands had moved to her hips, thighs and stomach, gliding and pressing and squeezing. He pushed his tongue in and out for a few seconds while Trix grinded Ida then she felt him move away. She lost herself in the motion again, watching Ida's large breasts droop a bit as she slouched. Reaching out, Trix had just gotten a handful of the partially exposed left side when she felt Remi return. 

"Ohmygod!" 

At least one of his fingers was inside of her ass to the second knuckle. 

"Too much? I thought the lube would be nice..." 

"Just, unexpected," Trix panted, trying not to dislodge the finger with her motion. 

She felt Remi's tongue on her lower back this time as his finger moved in time with her. Ida seemed content to lay back now and was cocked at an awkward-looking angle but Trix didn't want to move back right now and risk surprising Remi. This was a first time for her and already the pressure of two things in either of her holes was a little overwhelming. She gasped and closed her eyes when he moved his finger back, then inserted another with it. He had definitely applied some kind of lube to his fingers and they slid easily into her once she relaxed enough to let them. Remi didn't rush it, letting her control the pace. Ida's shaft was rubbing just right on her clit from this angle and the construct was doing most of the work at this point, pressing herself up at a steady rhythm. Trix sighed and pushed back on Remi's fingers. 

When he removed his fingers, Trix thought she knew what was coming next and tried to prepare. With Ida's shaft stretching her pussy and Remi's pushing at her back hole, there wasn't much she could do but relax and let them do the work. The head of Remi's dick felt huge as it penetrated her slowly, stopping just inside. He worked it back and forth, adding a little more at a time while Ida stayed fully embedded. Ida was leaning even farther over to watch Remi behind Trix and it appeared that she had forgotten to thrust. When she felt like she could handle it, Trix surprised them both by slamming her body backward, impaling Remi's dick completely and causing Ida's to lodge right along the front of her opening. She groaned at the simultaneous sensations, her clit pulsing with every small motion of Ida's shaft. Trix saw Ida exchange a look and a smile with Remi and she couldn't see his response, but she felt it immediately. His hands were on her hips and he gripped hard, pulling himself back before pushing deep again, gaining a rhythm. Ida slid down more and Trix felt her begin to fuck as well, both of them penetrating her fully in unison. The combined sensations were almost too much for her to handle and she collapsed on Ida's chest, breathing heavily into the side of her neck. 

They continued their rhythmic thrusting while Trix bounced against Ida like a ragdoll. As she licked Ida's neck occasionally, she began to see the signs that the construct was struggling not to orgasm. Being as full as she was, Trix was distracted from her own orgasm and thought that it might help to make Ida come and soften up a bit. Her lips moved up to Ida's ear but she was only able to moan when Remi slammed particularly hard into her ass. When she recovered, she licked around Ida's earlobe. 

"Ida, I want you, to come, inside of me," Trix said, her words staccato with the rhythm of their sex. 

"I can?" Ida asked, seemingly surprised. 

"Do it," Trix commanded. 

With that, Ida closed her eyes and Trix watched her face from the side as she let the sensations build. In a few seconds, Ida gripped her waist above Remi's hands and thrust deep, screaming incoherently. Trix shook with the friction and when Ida fell back to the bed, she stayed on top of her. Ida's shaft was softening and Trix already felt like she may be able to come soon herself. Her fingers shot between their legs and she used her index and middle fingers to massage her clit, occasionally feeling Ida's shaft still partially inside of her. When it finally slipped free completely, Trix gasped and frantically rubbed herself as she felt Ida's fluid leaking onto her fingers. In moments, she was coming. 

It was immediate and euphoric, her body gripped by an uncontrollable surge that clenched all of her muscles. She heard Remi's quickening breathing somewhere in her subconscious and felt him bury himself again but she was still shaking through another wave of satisfaction. Trix heard someone screaming in pleasure and as the last of the powerful orgasm subsided, she realized it was her. She shut her mouth with a little click, slightly embarrassed at the level of noise she had been making. Remi was not thrusting, just slowly falling out of her. When he did, Trix let her hips fall back to the bed and rolled off of Ida. She saw Remi standing there, cock dripping, with an expression of stunned contentment. While it hadn't been his first time inside of her ass, it looked like this had been the best. 

"Are you well, Engineer Remi?" Ida asked coyly, amusement in her tone. 

Remi frowned in reply and seemed to become aware, his eyes briefly searching out Ida on the bed. "Hmm," he replied. Trix and Ida watched as he turned slowly and went to their small sink. He washed quickly then returned to the double cot, collapsing in the middle of them. Trix scrambled out of his way as he went face first onto the bed with his arms outspread. He caught her shoulder and pulled her back down. The three of them pushed and shifted until they were reasonably comfortable and Trix smiled happily, even though she had been pushed into the wall. 

"I'm not normally one to deny a cuddle with such hot companions," Trix began, letting the words hang in the air. "But I'm going to need a shower before we sleep. And some food, maybe lots of food..." 

"Bring me some," Remi mumbled into the mattress. 

"Do you need assistance?" Ida said, her diction precise even if her tone was dreamy. 

"No, you two sleep. I'll be back before you know it and stealing your blankets!" 

Trix ran over to the small sink and cleaned up a little. She dressed quickly and stepped into the hallway, shutting the smooth, metal door behind her. Trix leaned against it, sighing and soaking in the physical bliss that her body was floating in. She felt like she had been working out but in the best way possible. Both of her holes felt a little stretched and were tingling, making her shiver with remembered pleasure. Her eyes were closed and she knew that she had a ridiculous smile plastered on her face. Not that she cared, no one would be around anyway and if they were, why should they think poorly of her for being happy? 

With a final, longing thought for the throbbing between her legs, Trix kicked off the door and walked down the little hallway toward the exit. The command vehicle had two personnel quarters, both identical and at right angles to each other. Each room was only a few square meters, enough room for cots, a few personal grooming items and a mirror. They were in a big, rectangular box with shiny hallways of helot or coated steel, she wasn't sure. The whole thing was armored on the outside and very basic in design, no variation or aesthetic considerations were apparent. Trix didn't mind it too much for now but each time they got to bunk on the bird, she was thrilled. The anticipation of a soft bed with clean sheets and some space around her was very appealing. The beds were big enough for all three of them to relax easily without having to jam two together like they'd done tonight. 

Fantasizing about their scheduled downtime tomorrow night, Trix walked out of the hall and down the ramp. She was glad to have a fresh priming suit on, but wanted to keep it that way and knew she needed to take another shower. Plus, all that activity had worked up her appetite and the mess area was nearby. The cook left various dried and preserved foods for anyone to access and there were packaged snacks, sandwiches and the like in a refrigerator. The thought of taking her time to select just the right snack, in the right combination and proportions made her stomach growl. 

She approached the nearby shower area and slipped into one, not noticing any other people nearby. Still, she got fully inside before reaching her arm through the door to hang her priming suit outside the cylinder. Taking her time for the second time of the night, she lathered up and washed all over. Her thoughts bounced around, finally settling on the unpleasant fact that her period would be coming soon. Even with modern birth control reducing the experience to only a couple of days, it was still an annoying thing to deal with. Especially in the middle of a pseudo military operation. The showers had a warm air-drying option if you didn't want to go the towel route and when she was done, she let it blast her body. Snaking her arm out of the door again, she dressed quickly and brushed her fingers through her hair. 

Trix wondered what Remi and Ida were talking about right now as she walked to the mess area. They had both seemed tired, but she knew from previous experience that Remi would talk if she did at night. It was a fun, nostalgic thing that reminded her a bit of camp as a kid. The lights would go out and they would share stories which wouldn't be spoken of in the morning. Not that they were all bad, it just seemed that the things they shared had a bit of a secret quality. Trix also thought that Remi was more open and honest when it was dark. She could tell that he kept some memories of his past from her and Ida, but he did seem to open up a lot and had even talked about the things he'd done in the last few years. 

She mused about it while assembling a plate of fresh pear slices, half a cold sandwich, a little box of crackers and a brownie-like dessert item that Harris called a mudball. He was pretty eccentric, although she hadn't known many cooks and thought that maybe it was a common trait. There were a few scattered late-night snackers, but no one she knew very well. She opted to sit on her own, her back to the support beam and wall so she could see who came and went. Johnny and his counterparts from the other technical filtered in after a while, the married couple grabbing food and heading out immediately. She thought their names were Isaac and Kara but wasn't sure. Johnny saw her and smiled, looking for a second like he was going to come over before shrugging and making a sleeping pantomime. Trix waved and he left with his team. 

As he was clearing the ramp, Trix saw Thor's bald head bob into view. The mess area was attached to one of the support beams, like most of the command vehicle's facilities. It was raised off the ground but open to the night on the sides, with a ramp for access. All of the food was sealed up but you could enjoy the night from the benches and stools. It seemed like he locked onto her immediately, cutting through the small crowd to focus on her. She hunched over a bit unconsciously, not liking the way his eyes glittered when he saw that she was alone. It was the first time that had happened since they started traveling. He was a few inches taller than Remi, probably 6'3" or 6'4". Oh, right, metric... almost two meters then? Trix thought. She was still getting used to the conversion, having grown up using American Standard even though her parents were first-generation German immigrants. 

He walked up to her without getting any food, taking the seat next to her instead of across. His forearms were corded with muscle and exposed by his short sleeved, tight-fitting shirt. The black hair was distracting to her and she stared at his hand as it touched her own forearm. She tensed and felt her legs coil, ready to spring up and sprint out of the now cramped mess area. Thor's hand clenched down and she knew he was looking at her but she didn't want to meet his eyes. When she tried to stand, he forced her back down with a hard squeeze as his elbow dropped, causing her to moan with discomfort and sit. 
