 Hi! This story has girls with dicks, just as a warning! Please enjoy~

***

Around the time that the first of the big titted, brainless horde started smashing on the door to her lighthouse abode, Dr. Malvina Practice started wondering if her decision to spike the local town's water supply with Bimberium had been a good idea. 

"Do you think that this could, in some infinitesimal way, be my fault?" she asked, removing the charging cord from her grazer cannon. 

Her assistant, having been long-since programmed with her Owner's preferences, immediately shook her metallic head. "Of course not, Mistress. This has to be because of some factor you had no control over. Alternatively, one of your rivals could have caused this to make you look bad." Karel looked for all the world like a dutiful maid...if a maid wore short skirts, had silver skin, and had glowing orange eyes whose pupils changed to icons displaying her current thoughts...so not at all like a maid. 

"Of course! It was probably Xenia, that rocket-obsessed incompetent. I'll make her rue the day she pulled that physics degree out of the claw machine!" Dr. Practice tied up her glossy red hair into a tight ponytail. Once her hair was out of her eyes, she adjusted the settings on her augmented reality glasses. Tactical data analysis from the outside cameras streamed into the left side of her vision, while the right side showed potential countermeasures that her elaborate security system could deploy to defeat these strumpets. 

It found none. 

CRASH! They watched on the security screens in the top floor lab as the wooden door to the first floor of the building disintegrated into splinters. A second, metal door slammed down to replace it, but judging by the way the steel slab was bending inward, it wouldn't last long either. 

"Why are they so strong?" Mal asked, flicking the internal defences to Active on her master control board. 

Karel held up a finger. "I did mention that the interactions with subterranean ore deposits combining with the released Bimberium would..." Her hand dropped as she weathered a withering gaze from Mal. Though her face lacked all the expressiveness of a biological version, the slouch of her shoulders and the way her glowing blue eyes looked down at the ground showed off great humility, even to someone as socially stunted as Malvina. "My apologies. Perhaps my memory circuits are damaged." 

"Bah!" Mal stomped down the curving staircase several floors, only stopping when she had the metal door in sight. 

Dozens of hand prints warped into the metal made it clear that these were no ordinary sluts. An insistent little though popped into her mind. One of her very few remaining fragments of a conscience blossomed. Though they were trying to capture and probably do unforgivable things to her, Mal knew they were once innocent village folk. And, with some assistance from her brilliant mind, could be once more. With mild reluctance, she switched her grazer to stun. 

"Defences on Stun settings only." 

"But...Mistress!" Karel said, grabbing her owner by the forearm. "If they capture you, there's no telling what they'll do!" 

Mal harrumphed. "That's a big if. I didn't graduate at the top of my class at the Zvyozdny Institute of Superscience and Technology to get muscled under by a bunch of horny sluts. Karel, to your post!" 

Her robot servant wasted no time, heading back up the stairs to 'man' the defences. Mal herself tuned in the myriad features of her Grazer cannon and waited. 

She didn't have much time to rethink her decision, as less than a minute later the metal door collapsed under the strain. Bulbous, squishy forms emerged from the wreckage wearing tattered clothes. All were blonde, with the telltale glowing pink lips of acute Bimberium poisoning. There could be no helping them now. Only if she survived the night could she begin to undo her mistake. 

"Level One Defences, activate!" 

From a dozen hidden ports in the walls and floor of the building, dexterous metallic tendrils exploded out to seized the arms and legs of the besieging bimbos. Claws latched firmly onto flesh, dragging them toward the wall and immobilizing them with further deployable shackles. 

While the tentacles attacked, Mal let loose with her grazer cannon. Thick green rays bombarded the horde of hussies, felling several into shivering catatonia. Others replaced them, working their way free of the tentacle attacks and heading for the first flight of stairs. 

"First floor is lost!" Mal announced, lifting the cannon up off the banister. "Initiate the Fallback protocol and activate Level Two defences!" 

"Mistress, look! To the far left side!" Karel's voice in her earbud said. Mal saw only the writhing mass of horny women...until she zoomed in closer with the telescoping feature of her AR glasses. Off to the far left, one of the crowd had been using one of the tentacle arms to masturbate with. As her movements got quicker, she thrust her hips forward and moaned shamelessly. The remnants of her pants were quickly soaked, and the Doctor was just about to look away in embarrassment. But there, she saw what Karel was referring to! 

The blonde was fading from her hair! Her colossal assets started to shrink, growing almost to a level that could be associated with a respectable human being! She remained a captive mess of the intelligence-altering effects, by all appearances, but that physical reversal of symptoms may manifest mentally if enough stimulus was provided! 

"Of course! The release of endorphins following orgasm flushes out the neurochemical interference caused by the Bimberium, causing a total thotonic reversal! Incredible!" Dr. Mal tapped the comlink in her ear. "Karel! Make Level Two defences focus on the erogenous zones of the attackers!" 

"Umm...Mistress? Isn't it a little inappropriate to-" 

"Just do it, you glorified smartphone, or I'll reinstall your brain into my fridge!" 

The second floor served as the main workshop for her more practical projects. With the many uses of robotics, the majority of these took the form of a dozen half-finished automatons. All activated in a flash of activating optics. The majority were humanoid, though the more exotic shapes included a large arachnabot and a squid-tron that flagellated its way across the floor. As Mal was a pervert, a lot of these creations were 'fully functional' in the erotic sense, even the spider. 

They fell upon the attacking zombimbos with ferocious determination. Rather than violence, however, they set about stimulating their quarries with mechanical precision. The room soon filled with moans and squeals as the horde was only too please to be getting off in this way. Dildos hammered into rumps and pussies, and strategically placed orifices were exploited by the women with dicks to pleasure themselves to their fullest. Mal used the Grazer cannon sparingly, picking off the women who were not pulled under by the autoerotic automata. 

The machines did their best to delay the corrupted women, and the sounds of wet slapping were joined by the straining of servos and motors. But it was simply not enough. The machines were woefully unequipped to handle the insatiability of the bimbo horde. One by one they were torn apart in the iron grips of their lovers. Arms, legs, and heads flew by while they were hammered apart by a seemingly endless supply of superpowered power bottoms. Her cannon's rapidly dwindling energy reserves were used in a desperate attempt to forestall the inevitable. She ended up hucking the large weapon at the closest blonde, who batted it away with a condescending giggle.

The second floor was lost. Mal dashed up the staircase once more to the floor that held her meagre living space. Her bed, her tiny kitchen, and her vast library of research material dominated most of the space. Above her, accessible via a secondary protected staircase, was her lab. The final floor, and the last possible refuge from her assailants. 

"Level Three defences, Karel!" Doctor Practice instructed. As Mal took the last few steps backward to the final doorway, her firm butt bumped right into the four inches of neosteel. 

"Karel, open the door and turn on the defences. They'll be on me at any minute!" 

Her tinny, artificial voice sounded resigned when she replied. "I'm sorry, Doctor Practice, but these are my orders." 

Mal slammed her hand on the blast door. "You imbecile! I gave you your orders, and I'm giving you new ones. Open this door!" 

"Again, I apologise. But I cannot counteract my first command. I am, 'at all costs' mind you, to protect your research and your projects in progress. Allowing you to in would mean the zombies would get in, which would mean that I would have failed in my mission. I wouldn't be a very good obsequious servant if I couldn't perform a simple task like this, would I?" 

"Curse my neglect of the works of Asimov!" Malvina howled, shaking her fist in the air. The first of the zombimbos had reached the landing by the time her hands had fallen to her hips. "I'll get you for this, Karel." 

"I'm sure, Mistress. And do not fret! I'll endeavour to recover your bimbified self as soon as safely possible. But for now, try to enjoy yourself. I'm told that humans quite like the experience of sexual intercourse. Perhaps you should try it out for once?" 

"DID YOU JUST-" Mal managed before the connection promptly died with a squeal of interference. How did her assistant become so sassy? She could have sworn she had disabled the optional Sass protocols upon initial installation of Karel's personality! Not that it mattered. In mere moments, she'd be yet another of the horde of incoherent moaning jezebels. 

That is...unless... 

She gripped the twin protrusions on either side of her belt and twisted them. They unfolded in a display of mechanical wizardry into a pair of kinetic energy pistols. Blasting the first bimbo with enough force to huck her back into the far wall, Mal went to work around her living quarters. She had a plan! 

The cortical stimulant from her bedside table, her personal calculator, and even the power supply from her vibrator were cobbled together to form the gadget that had taken shape in the vast machinery of her mind. If she could create a copy of her brain right now, she could inject herself with her own personality even if she was taken over! It was just crazy enough to make sense! 

The zombimbos did not halt their progress. On the contrary: their pace and ferocity increased! They must have sensed her dire predicament, she reasoned. Mal had to continue taking breaks in the middle of complex assembly tasks to blast those that made it up the stairs into an ever growing pile of horny idiots along the wall. They writhed with one another, enjoying the proximity, but they did not stay distracted for long. 

Only moments after the last of the energy in her first pistol was drained, she had the emergency recovery node finished. She slapped its burrowing spike into the back of her neck, shivering as the device interfaced with her nervous system. It beeped at regular intervals, letting her know it remained in operation. Unfortunately, this served as sufficient distraction, and the bimbos we able to get close enough to grab her. 

Hands grabbed her wrists, prying the guns from her grip and dragging her off her feet. She thrashed, desperate to free her arms and legs and find a break in the crowd to slip away. But they were far too strong to resist openly. They did not harm her, however, though Mal knew they could have. The crowd looked down at her with a growing lusty energy that the captured scientist feared...and found intriguing. 

More hands pawed at her labcoat and jumpsuit. The reinforced fabric can't stand up to their enhanced strength, so she is quickly revealed for all to see. If they were surprised to see her hen, none of them gave any indication. The bimbos accepted her for who she was, or rather, who she would become. 

The closest bimbo to her right looked familiar. Had she been the town's mayor? The kindly storekeep whom she'd purchased supplies from? It was difficult to tell, as her features mostly blended together with the rest of the blonde busty belligerents. She peeled out her own cock from behind a torn pair of pants and shoved it towards Mal's mouth. Her initial efforts to resist were deterred when a firm hand squeezed her jaw, letting her know just how precarious her position was. Hoping it would satiate them, she let the girldick slip past her lips. 

Mal was not normally one for the passing delights of intercourse. But for some reason (that she knew likely had something to do with the tainted energies pulsing through each creature around her) the tip in her mouth tasted positively divine! Her compliance was rewarded with soft fingers gripping her stiffening member. Other hands pawed at her vulnerable body, tweaking her nipples and squeezing her soft body. She allowed herself to be a passive dick receiver, relaxing into the teasing attention. In no time a thin glaze of fluid emitted from the bimbo's tip, which tasted even better than her cock! Mal drunk it down greedily, eager to satiate a growing hunger in her belly. 

That hunger was not the only thing growing. Though distracted by the oral assault of her person, she could not help but notice the growth in her diminutive breasts far exceeding that which her hormone treatments had provided. They bulged outwards like filling water balloons, seemingly in defiance of the laws of conservation of mass. Her scientific hackles were further aroused by the growth in other parts of her body. 

Her short cut hair blossomed into long, blonde locks that would not look out of place on the pages of a magazine. Her ass, once a cute handful, bloated outward and almost lifted her off the ground with its increase in size. Her lips became beestung around the prick she was pleasuring, which likely was the cause of the increased moaning by the cock's owner, who possessed similar features in abundance. 

The only thing that didn't grow was her hen. At first she was relieved, but when the chemicals in the precum she was ingesting starting addling her mind as well as her body, she grew disappointed. Why couldn't her whole body be whorish and lewd? She was rewarded for that thought immediately, as her little nub started shooting out her enjoyment all over the girl who was stroking her off. Wow! She'd never cum that much before in her life! Thick ropes plastered the poor doll, covering her face it yummy cream. Though her noodle hadn't grown any, it certainly had increased in productivity!

Mal felt the mental effects take hold. Even after the glow of the orgasm faded, she didn't feel her higher function returning. Everything felt like it was stuffed in a cottony haze. Her thoughts were short, languid blips that sauntered across her mind for her to casually glance at. Those largely took the form of observations like "damn that girl is hot" or "wow I feel really good!" and did not aid in any way to understanding the changes taking place. Her libido also increased, reaching far beyond what was normal to her to reach an obscene, nymphomaniacal pinnacle. Almost all her thought processes were directed towards obtaining and maintaining physical pleasure.

Her participation in her own conversion quickly became voluntary, and she flipped herself onto all fours to present her body as an ideal receptacle for cock. The bimbos obliged, spitroasting her in between the dicks of two well hung women who proceeded to kiss while railing the scientist between them. Tainted, corrupting semen soon flooded both her mouth and her ass, further speeding up her transformation. Her half-hard hen spurted in sympathic rhythm with the dicks inside her, and soon a puddle of collected sexual juices had formed underneath her. More of the bimbos joined in to provide her with kisses, groping, or simply to use her as a catch for their masturbation. She took it all in stride, happy to help others achieve similar bliss to the kind she was experiencing.

The bubbly, carefree sensation overwhelmed her. The once comforting pings from the emergency recovery node became unimportant annoyances. The most important thing to note was the cute dicks and pretty girls around her! She giggled around the dick in her mouth and was rewarded with another blast of delicious girl cream. She swallowed it down enthusiastically, accepting her place in the horde as just one out of many. She didn't notice the slight reduction of blonde from her assailant's hair, which quickly returned. The Bimberium's hold over them was total, at least for the moment.

When it was over, she looked the part of a sex-obsessed thrall. Long, blonde hair, gorgeously abundant breasts, and lips that looked like they belonged wrapped around a cock. With a vapid giggle, she jumped up and into the pile of bimbos. With no life forms in sight to fuck and convert, they slowly found their way down the stairs and out the door. She shambled alongside, cum drooling from her ass and mouth. There were plenty of small towns around that could be converted! Mal hoped to show everyone living there what fuck being a dumb slutty bimbo could be~