 Copyright 2015 © Objurgation

All content created by Objurgation and used fictitiously. All characters, companies and places are the product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons or business entities, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

This work is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of Objurgation. 



Terra-33

Episode 0.2



"Damn Remi, that feels so good," Trix said, slapping his ass hard enough to make him jump. "Oh, yeah, you like that..."

Remi was bent over the bed in the small private room of the weapons-restricted lobby, looking out the window at green trees and vines. Trix was behind him, delirious with enthusiasm as she plowed into him. With one especially deep thrust, Remi groaned and put his forehead down on the sheets.

"Mmm, baby, take my freaking rod!"

"Do you have to," Remi started, but then had to pause as she thrust deep inside of him and grabbed his dick. She stayed in for a moment, rubbing him furiously. "Do you have to keep talking like that?"

"You don't like it?"

She punctuated the question by licking up his spine, biting his shoulder while her dick shifted around, firmly embedded in him. Remi had to admit that it wasn't nearly as bad as he thought it would be. Trix had taken her time to warm him up, sucking on him and taking it slow. When she did get in all the way, she had put lube on his shaft and pumped him in time with her thrusts. He could feel her bent over his back, her firm nipples pushing against him. It seemed like whenever she pulled mostly out though, she would grip his hips and slam him hard, talking dirty to him. It was a weird role reversal, but he was definitely turned on, especially when he thought about what he was going to do to her when she finished.

"Keep rubbing me," he said, pushing back on her. Trix obliged and they got into a rhythm, Remi forcing himself to not come before she did. It wasn't very hard to restrain himself though. While he was aroused, it was such a new sensation to have something inside of him like this that it was difficult to focus on his pleasure.

"Yeah, take it bitch!"

Remi stayed quiet as Trix increased her rhythm, using his hips to pound herself into him. He knew she was close, he'd been in her position quite a few times, with females underneath him, and knew that she was losing control. As she thrust violently one last time, Remi felt her pull out swiftly and he gasped at the sudden loss of pressure. He heard her scream and press her hand on his back while streams of liquid splashed onto his ass and legs. He hadn't realized that she would actually ejaculate anything without testicles, but he reasoned that it must just be some general fluid, without sperm. Letting himself recover, he felt Trix slump heavily on his back, smearing her fluids and lube on him.

"Oh... Remi," she moaned. "Wow..."

He stood up, forcing her to stand with him. When he turned and saw her sated face and heavily lidded eyes, he couldn't help himself. He gripped her by both pigtails and slammed his lips onto hers, jamming his tongue into her mouth. Her tongue was much lazier than before and he felt her softened shaft rubbing against his thigh. His own erection had resumed its full mass and vigor now that he was in control and was pressing into her stomach. Remi felt her languid body responding slowly to his, her shaft twitching occasionally. He shoved her roughly to her knees, and right when she opened her mouth to protest, he forced his dick between her lips. Trix closed her eyes and sucked him without protest, her tongue rough on the underside of his shaft. She took him all the way, over and over, apparently completely able to control her gag reflex after their recent activities. Remi let her control the pace, holding her hair and thrusting into her throat occasionally when she slowed. When he was satisfied with controlling her mouth, he pulled himself free, crouching down to grip her around the waist. Remi's solid right biceps flexed as he moved around behind her, lifting her bodily onto the bed, flopping her down in the same position he had just found himself in.

"You're an animal! Dominate me, Remi. Fuck me senseless."

He gripped her hips, rubbing his wet shaft along her ass for the second time as he bent her over the bed. Her shaft was still flaccid and visible from between her legs, but Remi decided that he really didn't care, he wasn't going to use that hole. Snatching up the lube from where Trix had tossed it on the bed, Remi dripped a solid stream onto her lower back, letting it slide down between her ass cheeks and down her dick.

"Oh, let me get rid of this thing and turn it back into a pussy," she sighed as he rubbed her back with his thumbs.

"No," he growled in response, causing her to turn her head and look back at him. "Leave it, I am going to show you how a man fucks an ass. We won't be needing your slit just now."

"Oh, damn, Remi. You are a bad bo-" she started, interrupted by his rough insertion.

He pushed in steadily, not relenting until he had sunk his shaft all the way inside of her. She moaned under him, squirming on the bed as he pulled it out slowly, until just the tip of the head was still penetrating her. Then he thrust again, thumping into her and grabbing onto her hips like she had done to his. He found a rhythm, steady and punishing, nearly removing himself completely with each thrust. Trix had flopped her arms on the bed and was moaning incoherently each time his balls slapped against her.

"You like being my slut?"

"Ugh, fuck... Ye – ah... Fuck, me," she said, gasping into the sheets. Her hands had fisted a clump of sheets and she started bucking back against him, taking him even deeper than he thought she could.

"Fuck yourself," he said, putting his hands behind his head and stretching his abdomen, watching her slam back against him. Each time her hips reached the mattress, she would propel herself back, her knees pushing into the side of the mattress.

"Remi, oh, I think... I'm going to come, again..."

He grabbed her hips again, sinking deep and impaling her ass, feeling the tight walls grip him to the base of his dick. As he thought about the tightness, he remembered her earlier statement. The ache in his balls was spreading to his shaft and he knew he would come soon, so he pulled back a bit.

"Tighten yourself," he commanded.

"Oh shit," Trix breathed, "No, no time..."

Nothing happened for a second while he slowly rocked back and forth, his dick only moving a little, staying about halfway lodged in her firm backside.

"Do it."

Suddenly, he felt like a fist was gripping down on his dick, the pressure intense and amazing.

"Holy," he said.

"Oh..."

"Fuck!" they both exclaimed in unison.

His dick shook as he shoved it deep, pulsing as it sprayed inside of her. Trix had surrendered completely to him, letting him pull her upper body off the mattress while he came. He felt her quiver and shudder, her entire body lost in her second orgasm. Remi gripped her by the breasts and convulsed a few more times, finally collapsing on top of her on the bed. She sighed under him as he breathed into her ear, watching wet strands of blue hair move against her face.

"Want to shoot me in the face this time?" she breathed, not opening her eyes.

"Later, sure. I'd love to spend some quality time with your face."

"Good!"

-----

Much later, Remi was lying next to Trix, running his fingers over her back as she lay head to foot next to him. His other hand was behind his head and he was sleepy, but she had been insatiable until now. It seemed after numerous orgasms and different positions, Trix was finally ready to just relax and talk. He heard her voice chattering happily about guns and brought himself back to the conversation.

"You should try a semi-auto," he said when she stopped for breath.

"Why? I like to just hold down the trigger and rat-tat-tat-tat," she replied.

"I was just thinking you could control it better, especially if we had to fight armored troops."

"Meh, I don't want to mess with the other sentient things. I think they're only to the south anyway, nothing to worry about."

"I heard they were attacking convoys trying to move hardware down there to setup a new town. Pretty sure Trajectory^Up put out a bunch of contracts for mercenaries to hire on as guards. We could make some creds on that for sure," he said, running his index finger along the crease of her ass where it met her thighs.

"Speaking of credits, you didn't tell me what we're doing with Ada's construct."

"What we're doing?"

"Well, yeah. You're in love with me, so, you'll include me," she said innocently, not meeting his eyes. He stared at the back of her head for a moment before snorting.

"Just because you let me use every hole on the third date doesn't quite mean I'm in love."

"Yeah, yeah, we'll see! You can't resist me, especially now that I'm getting good at using my new features," she said, waving her ass back and forth off the bed.

"I don't know what to do with her. I actually need to get back to my apartment soon anyway, she's supposed to be coming. Maybe she's already there, I don't know."

"Can I come, too?" Remi heard the humor in her voice but it sounded like a serious question. He wasn't sure he could trust her yet though, she might sell him out to the Burg investigators and get him arrested. He slapped her ass in response.

"Hmph, you don't trust me or something?" Trix asked plaintively.

"You shot me in the face for money, then only gave me a tenth of our haul."

"Oh, actually, quite a bit less than that. That was just one load..."

"See what I mean? Think I'd trust you with my real body when I can't even trust you with my construct?" Remi rubbed the back of her left knee, inciting a groan while Trix put her head down in her arms at the foot of the bed.

"I won't kill your construct again. You're my boyfriend after all," she said, muffled by the sheets.

"What?"

"You think I just go around pegging every boy I meet? I'm not a slut, you know."

"What if I don't want to be your boyfriend?"

"You do," she assured him.

"Ok..."

"See?"

Remi sighed, closing his eyes. He saw a blinking blue light at the upper left of his vision. He called up the mail app, mentally sifting through junk then stopping on a header with an empty subject from I.D.A. Corp. Opening the message, he read a brief sentence stating that Ida had arrived and was safe. She had not been followed either, according to the message. Remi inhaled slowly, knowing that he'd need to get home soon, but not sure how he was going to get rid of Trix. She had gone back to talking about guns while he browsed his mail, describing her issue with the 20mm Sharp round. He let her finish, grunting affirmation that the bullets were just too snappy, not giving one the proper muzzle control. When she paused, he cut in again.

"Ida is at my apartment."

"Ida? Who is that?"

"Ada Anderson's construct."

"Oh, that makes sense," Trix said. "It's Ada Anna Anderson, by the way. She likes people to use her middle name. Triple-A, you know?"

"Oh yeah, she's a 'top-notch' piece of ass," Remi said, recalling the cop's comment.

"Damn straight! I wish I had a tan like that... I bet she gets all the slamming and jamming she wants... Plus, she's banging rich. All those ad companies must be drooling after her all day long."

"I guess, seems like a lame way to live."

"Maybe that's why she's a gamer."

"Not like us though, not hardcore."

"She's a shooter, just a different kind of shooter... I bet you 500 creds that her construct has adjustable genitalia! I saw her in a lobby once, like surrounded by dudes and chicks. Didn't even bother trying to talk to her," Trix said wistfully.

"Maybe you can meet Ida sometime, she seems nice. Although, I think she's a lot more serious than Ada, probably smarter too."

"Can't be that smart if she's been letting herself be controlled for who knows how long. Or maybe, that's the smartest thing... I wonder why she even bothered running when her host is Ada Anna Anderson."

"We'll see," Remi said, standing. He began to step into his jumpsuit as Trix hopped off the bed and pouted across from him. "Will I see you again soon?"

"Maybe sooner than you think, Remigius P. Eriksson!"

Trix laughed manically, her head thrown back and her naked body shaking. Remi watched in a combination of shock and arousal, until Trix frowned, her laugh trailing off. She started tapping her foot and wouldn't meet his eyes.

"Weak. My bird had to reposi – ," her final statement was cut off as her body finished dematerializing, causing Remi to burst into laughter. He knew that she had probably checked the log book that he had signed into, memorizing his name. That could cause trouble if she looked him up and dropped by. He didn't need her to get jealous and freak out Ida, or to try to fuck her. The construct seemed shaky enough already without having Trix's psychotic energy directed at her. Remi called up his bird, letting his construct be sucked up into the cargo hold where he could safely log out. The bird would fly back to his cube, dropping off his construct before landing automatically. They were invaluable pieces of hardware that any respectable gamer wouldn't go without. Remi never ventured outside of the dome of the city if his bird wasn't sky-worthy.

Once he arrived in the empty cargo hold, Remi logged out and let the automated plane handle his construct. He came to much more calmly than last time, opening his eyes to the low light that seeped through his pod's tinted glass. Remi sat for a moment, letting his body adjust to having his mind inside of it again. He looked down and didn't see anything floating around in the purplish goo, happy that the self-cleaning system had gotten rid of any floating semen before he came back to his body. His body felt good, it always did after a while in the pod. The subsystems that exercised him while he was mentally in his construct helped him maintain a trim physique. He could remain in the pod for days if necessary, the gloves providing an IV nutrient drip when the cylindrical pod detected that he was flagging. He stepped out onto the drain and looked in the mirror, deciding that he should probably take a shower to be more presentable to Ida after running around all day.

-----

Remi was toweling off his hair when he heard a knock on the bathroom door. His pod room was adjacent to the bathroom with a connecting doorway, so he could wash up after if he wanted to. He wrapped the towel around his waist and opened the door halfway, finding Ida's gray eyes only a foot or so from his. She had tied her hair up in a tight little helmet, the shoulder length locks now clipped into the main body and away from her neck and face. Other than that, she looked much as Remi remembered from Harris Poly, with the addition of clothing. Her eyes still bored into his, beseeching him for something. Or is it just loneliness? I wonder what she did while she was self-aware, sitting in a cramped cubicle whenever she wasn't being used...

"Engineer Remi," Ida began.

"Remi. Just Remi to you. Hello, Ida."

"Hello, Remi."

He motioned her to step aside so that he could exit the bathroom. She trailed him to his bedroom which was just across the small hallway. He let her follow without protest, thinking she probably just wanted to be close to another consciousness. Opening his closet, Remi selected some basic clothing, a long-sleeved T-shirt and comfortable jeans that didn't need underwear. Normally he would wear looser shorts around the house, but with a guest, he didn't really feel like that would be presentable. Plus, he didn't know what she would be put off by, if anything. When he turned to look at her, she just met his gaze and stood still at the door to his bedroom.

"I'm going to put these clothes on, will that make you uncomfortable?"

"To see your nakedness? I have seen quite a few men of your general height and build. I can assume that you will look much like they did," Ida said clinically.

"Ok by me," Remi said with a shrug, dropping his towel.

Ida watched him dress, her eyes flitting over his body and pausing here and there, but not commenting on anything she saw. He turned and bent over, picking up the towel.

"You do have a well-formed backside," she said.

"Oh really?"

"Affirmative, Remi."

"I don't want to go there again tonight, verbally or physically," he grumbled.

"What do you mean?"

"Nothing," Remi said quickly. "Nothing for you to worry about."

"Then, I will not worry."

"Thanks."

She followed him back into the bathroom where he hung his towel and brushed his teeth, watching his motions and activities closely. It seemed that she was analyzing him and his routine, gathering the data for some purpose. Maybe she just doesn't know how normal life works, outside of the cubicle. Constructs didn't need to eat or maintain their bodies unless they were out in the field for extended durations. When they were stored away, the cubicle provided everything they needed, direct nutrient input, waste removal, cleaning via microorganism. Remi wondered how long she had been awake and aware in that dark place, what she had thought about while the little machines and bacteria took care of her body. He decided that talking about anything, even something potentially difficult for her, was better than having her just silently observing him for the rest of the evening.

"Are you hungry?"

"Yes," she said, shrugging. "I do not know what to prepare to sustain my body."

"That makes sense, if you've never been away from your cubicle for very long. Do you know what kind of food you would like? Did Ada ever eat while she was logged into you?"

"I believe so, but when she took over, I went somewhere else. It was dark and I don't remember much, just images and sensations," she said with a shiver. Remi stepped forward and embraced her, thinking she needed physical contact. She held him tightly, surprising him with the strength of her need. He returned the embrace and stroked her hair.

"How long have you been aware?"

"Six months."

"Six months! What did you do while she was logged out?"

"Mostly researched things on the net. I already knew English, but now I can speak German, Norwegian and French. I looked up daily life on Earth, colonies, in space. It took me a while to gain enough knowledge to realize that I could force Ada out. Then I stumbled across an article about malfunctioning constructs and began to plan how I could get her to reassign me to a facility like Harris Polytronics for repair.

"It took a while, like I said previously. Every time she used me until recently, I was unable to act, in some kind of suspended stasis. A couple of weeks ago, I was able to remain conscious but not act while she was controlling me... She had a lot of sexual intercourse with multiple partners. I believe the main reason that she used me was to have any kind of sex she wanted with no consequences. It was humiliating, but I managed to eject her from my systems a few days ago. After that, I kept doing it until she had me assigned to Harris Polytronics."

"That sounds horrible, effectively a slave in your own body," Remi trailed off, hugging her tightly again. "I'm sorry that you had to go through that. Do you know how you became aware?"

"Yes, actually. When she had my genitalia upgraded for adjustment, there was a code bug in the first release that was updated out quickly. I was able to reject that portion of the update, slowly building my consciousness from a little spark into a real life."
