  (c) SirFapsAlot

Disclaimer: All characters are fictional. Do not repost this on any site, edit, or take credit for the work. This story may be referred to or used in analysis or work.

Note: This is my second attempt at writing and submitting a story. Read it, like it if you do, rate it. Just don't steal it and/or plagiarise it. If anyone wants to work with the story line, as in a parallel one or prequel blah, blah, blah; just contact me and we can sort something out. I'm not in this for money or anything like that; I just wanna make a good story.

---

Crack. Smash. Crunch. "Mate, I think I just stepped on a fucking beer bottle." Tom said.

"Haha, you're a fucking idiot." Jacob replied to him in a mocking tone.

Tom and Jacob were on holiday in Germany; they had just finished a night on the town and were drunk. Not to completely hammered, neither were they tipsy. They were drunk. 

They were walking in a seemingly uninhabited street at 3am when they saw a road branching off leading to a Greek fast food shop with its white light still illuminating the street. Almost telepathically without saying a word they looked at each other and shrugged. They turned left into the street and then walked into the greasy Greek fast food shop on their right.

"Excuse me, do you speak English?" asked Jacob to the lonely shop keep who was sat on this own counting his takings.

"A little bit" replied the shop attendant in a distinct accent.

"How much for a Giro?" Jacob enquired.

"No food, drink only." The shop attendant replied. Jacob and Tom stumbled over to the fridge with an assortment of various drinks. Both took out a can of cold beer and paid the man and exited.

As they left the establishment, instead of walking back the way they came the decided they continue down the road. It was then that they noticed the red, ominous glow of the red light district. Tom though about it and thought it'd be funny if two 18 year old adolescents took a stroll through the street which contained artisans of the oldest profession. "Jacob. Mate, let's walk through the red light district" Tom suggested to Jacob.

"Fuck off, that's embarrassing. There's loads of old random Johns walking around." said Jacob in a defensive manner.

"C'mon man, it'll be fun" Tom said as he turned right and led the way.

As they started walking up the stretch of road immediately the 'Artisans' of the so-called oldest professions took notice and tried to entice them over, waving at them, knocking on their glass doors even as far as standing in front of Tom and trying to sweet talk him and his friend into paying for her services. All they did was simply light up a cigarette each and walk on while conversing about their social lives and how it'd be funny if one of them got a prostitute.

"'Ere, mate. I know you're still a virgin, so hows' about fucking a prozzie fer teh banter?" Jacob implied mostly due to the fact Tom wasn't the best looking, physically fit male. In fact, he was the not 'shy' but misunderstood nerdy fella whom everyone knew due to his ferocious antics and humour, standing at 5' 11" with scruffy raven hair and some odd yet appealing facial characteristics such as a faint yet noticeable scar on his left cheek .

"D'ya knows what? I might be drunk but that's not a bad idea Jakob" Tom taunted. 

Instantly, Tom noticed her. Olive skinned, blue eyed, brunette babe bombshell that was in a windows ahead of them to the right. Her arse was small, although it was shapely and perky. Her tits were just prefect, with the right amount size and perkiness. All she was clothed in was a black lace thong and a flimsy lace bra. His heart started to throb and ebb, his brain was fixated on her like a drug. Somewhere deep inside him whatever left of his pure being screamed danger, however, compared to the earth-shattering howls that was his brain and heart the screams of his being where only a whisper.

"Looks like you see something you like Tom, let's see how much she wants" Jacob nudged Tom.

Immediately as the pair started to move towards her blue eyes affixed on Tom, she then opened her window and spoke.

"You wanna fuck me? 30 euro." she said in distinctly heavy foreign accent, which flowed like honey and stung like a bee.

Before Jacob could even reply Tom interjected "Hell, yes."

Jacob stood there gob-smacked as Tom stumbled to the door a few paces to the right of him. "Get in, Tom!" he uttered words of encouragement. 

The door swung open and the beautiful babe was standing there with her hand out. Tom shoved his hand in his pocket and brought forth three 10 euro notes and handed it to the prostitute. 

"This way, yes?" she spoke as she urged him towards the staircase. She closed the door behind them and led the way up the staircase, hips swaying back and forth due to the 6" black high heels she wore. Tom, utterly mesmerised, followed the sway of her shaped arse.

They came to another door within the building and as they entered the room beyond it a wave of lust hit him, he just had to reach out and touch her arse. He did so, and she giggled and told him "Let me take my panties off first"

She closed the door and sat down on the single green bed in the small yet profession relevant room.

"My name's Vanessa by the way" Vanessa stated. Tom now knew her name and planned to savour the next 30 minutes. 

"Tom, nice to buy your time" Tom comically added.

"Mmm, my pleasure, now, get naked" Vanessa replied as she waited for Tom for undress, she then took her heels off, lifted her legs up in the air and removed her panties from her bare, save the landing strip, cunt and left them on the tip of her toes, aiming them at Tom.

Tom took the panties and inhaled deeply, the scent of moist pussy lingered in his nostrils and he threw them to the floor, he then grabbed the foot that the delicious black panties once hung from and admired them. French manicure painted with black nail polish, pressing her soles against his face, god they were perfect – she was perfect. As he began sucking on her big toe he manoeuvred her other foot to his cock and inserted his dick in between her painted black toes.

Tom's cock started to throb "Oh, you like this?" She teased as she removed her toes from Tom's mouth and started working his dick like the pro she was, wrapping her toes perfectly around the base and tip of his cock, kneading it with her luscious toes.

"Can we '69'?" Tom asked.

"Okay" Vanessa retorted.

Vanessa pulled her toes away from his now throbbing dick, Tom laid down on the bed as Vanessa climbed on top of him exposing her beautiful cunt and ass by hovering it over Tom's face, She then pursed her pink glossy lips and lowered her head into Tom's groin until his throbbing cock disappeared in her mouth, Tom then grabbed both beautifully tanned globes that is her ass cheeks and lowered her ass and cunt right into his face.

Tom attacked her cunt lips with his mouth, sucking them, tasting them, nibbling playfully on them, Tom then proceeded to eat her cunt, diving his tongue into her snatch, teasing her clit with his lower lip whilst she went to town on his dick.

Feeling he was coming close to erupting Vanessa dismounted him and spread her perfect legs at the edge of the bed until they were almost linear, her soles wrinkled as she curled her toes and then she proceeded to spit on her and rub it into her wet cunt. Her pussy's complexion was the same as her skin save it was several shades lighter; her lips glistened in moisture begging to for a cock to separate them. A scent filled the room that drove his lust over the edge, clouding his mind. 

"Come, fuck me now. Yes?" Vanessa stated.

Tom rose up from the bed and aimed his cock at her cunt, aligning it perfectly, then as if an unworldly force was warning him urgently to halt, clarity struck.

"I'm sorry. I can't do this, I'm a virgin" Tom said as he motioned away to grab his clothes but was halted as Vanessa rose up and pushed Tom back onto the bed, straddled him and aligned his cock to her cunt.

"Mmmm, I love poor defenceless young virgin mages" Vanessa then thrust down unto his hard cock, enveloping it in one foul swoop, stealing his virginity as she started to moan loudly.

"You cr-crazy.. crazy..." Tom started to say, but was overwhelmed by the feeling of his first cunt, wrapped firmly around his hard cock.

Tom could feel the insides of Vanessa's vagina pulsating, twisting and tightening around his hard shaft, as if she where milking him of his cum. Vanessa pinned his torso with her palms, uttering the unbearably lust words "I want your hot cum." 

This was enough to send Tom into the abyss of lust, his balls tightened. He was about to cum when her tail wrapped and tightened around his cock stopping his ejaculate. Her tail? 

"Not so quickly, I want to savour your soul" Vanessa decreed as rode him cowgirl position with what seemed unholy strength. 

Only then did tom realise her fingers were no longer delicate and luscious as they once were, they were more claw like.

"WHAT ARE—"

"Shhh, enjoy the loss of your soul, I want – you are – going to shoot your hot seed and soul into my wet, warm demonic cunt, where, you will stay for all eternity – as a part of me." It Spoke as it smothered him with those deliciously unholy breasts.

The demon's cunt grew even more taught as it tried to suck his soul through his cock. Tom's mind reeling; realising she didn't even enquire a condom, he should of seen the warning sign, pleasure building.

Tom felt his balls tighten in anticipation.

"Yes, seal your fate! Pump your cum and soul into my wet pussy! CUM IN MY WOMB!" it commanded.

Tom's cock twitched and jerked ready for release as it whispered "Cum inside me, fill me up. You know you want to give your soul to me, think how much pleasure you will feel trying to knock me up, filling me to the brim".

Tom couldn't help but explode in her tight cunt, feeling his cum leave him along with fragments of his soul, he kept cumming and cumming until he fainted, not before he hear Vanessa – or it to be more precise – scream, "WHAT?! A PROTECTION CHARM?! NO!"

Everything faded to black.

------------------------------------------------------------

Tom awoke realising he'd left his friend Jacob outside for 35 minutes. 

And then it hit him. He remembered what seemed to have just happened, but, he was alone on the bed, naked. 'I must've passed out during the middle of it' he thought to himself 'what a weird dream'.

He dressed himself in his garments which lay strewn on the floor; he noticed the bracelet his grandfather gave to him before his death was gone. "Never lose this, it'll give you luck and protect you against things that shouldn't be on this earth." His grandfather's words played in his head.

Tom left the building to meet his Jacob outside his a cigarette in his hands.

" 'Ey, mate. Did you enjoy yourself, eh? Eh?" Jacob remarked.

"Yeah, something like that" Tom replied feeling empty yet invigorated.

------------------   End    --------------

End of part one, part two coming along shortly hopefully. Hope you enjoyed it, please leave feedback in the comments so I can make part two a bit better. 

And yeah, my grammar and punctuation is atrocious. I fucking know. Jus' sayin.