 It's her! The one, the only, everybody knows her name so she needs no introduction, but one will be given anyway... legendary explorer Tessa! She's very famous, and if one happened to maybe not know who she is, then they may want to study up on their lore. There are only a few explorers more famous than the formidable and tenacious Tessa. She's a short, light coffee skinned, brunette with a snaggle toothed smile and sharp green eyes that never miss a detail except when she can trip over it. Wearing her khaki vest and cargo shorts, she sets off this time into a strange and unknown woods. It's bright and sunny, but thick with brush, vines, and strange, vibrant plants. 

"Awwww yeah! Unknown woods!" Tessa shouted, standing atop a large, half buried rock, arms raised above her head in victory. Victory, that is, in succeeding in getting lost. Still a victory though, even if a scary one. Because, as is known, the only real defeat an explorer as great as Tessa can face is finding a road. 

"Reveal your secrets bright shrubbery!" Tessa jumped off the rock, landing with her gaze at her feet, posing as though she were a hulking creature. She imagined the earth shook under the force of her greatness and, as is known, when the formidable and tenacious Tessa imagines that her very arrival shakes the ground, then it does indeed tremble, and that is obviously why the entire forest's population of birds have just taken flight. 

"Eh?" Tessa looked up, eyes scanning her suspicious surroundings. Slowly back and forth they scanned. One thing stood out. There was a strange looking flower, many of them. They were orange with a round gaping center and all about the size of her foot. Not too threatening, but...suspicious. They all grew in trails as if someone had planted them on a casual walk through the forest, tossing a seed with every step. A trail of them went off in three different directions. They were definitely not to be trusted, but too interesting to ignore. 

"Uh-oh," Tessa said. "I hope this doesn't mean someone's been here." This definitely didn't look like a way flowers would naturally grow. There was one way to find out though. Tessa chose the trail in the center and trotted up to it. She eyed the first suspicious plant in the line, nudging it with the toe of her shoe. squish, squish... 

"It's squishy..." Other than that, it didn't do much. "Suspicious potatoes..." Tessa's gaze followed the line of flowers into the forest till they eventually disappeared behind drapes of vines. The question was: leave the flowers be, or follow the trail of oddities? What truly great explorer could refuse? So She followed them, walking alongside the trail of flowers in a confident power walk that no suspicious flowers would ever be able to stop. 

"Alright flowers, where are you headed?" Tessa asked, pushing aside a curtain of thick vines, cool to the touch. sniff...sniff sniff. "Is that the flowers that smell like-wah!" Tessa's nose had just caught wind of a strange, sweet scent when her next step didn't have anything to step on. She tumbled forward, rolling across something spongy and falling perfectly upright in a round hole. 

"Landed on my feet," Tessa said proudly. "Couldn't have...ewww what is this?" Busy being pleased with herself, she hadn't immediately noticed how slimy it was. 

"Blech," Tessa scowled, shaking strands of thick, orange-ish slime from her hands. "Wait a sec...this is one of those flowers." Upon closer inspection, Tessa hadn't actually fallen into a hole, but the large, open center of one of the orange flowers. This one, however, was much larger. It's center alone could have held some of the tree trunks in it and each petal was large enough to use as a serving platter. 

"Perhaps this was a bad idea," Tessa said. Hup... uhhhhhh...hup... "This was a bad idea!" Tessa had gone to step out of the flower and realized she couldn't move her feet. She didn't know what they were stuck in, but they were stuck. 

"Stupid orange flower," Tessa slapped one of the petals. "Let me go!" The opening of the flower abruptly snapped shut around Tessa's hips with a loud slurp. 

"What!" Tessa slapped the flower repeatedly . "That's the opposite of what I said. Let go, stupid! Let go!" The flower didn't listen, rather, it felt like it sucked her in deeper and Tessa could feel something slimy wriggling against her leg. Tessa continued to the slap the plant and attempting to pull herself free but, like quicksand, the harder she pulled the harder the flower sucked her in. Its petals started to move, curling inward and revealing that each had an opening at the petals tip, each petal curling in so the opening face her. 

"Ehhheh," Tessa laughed. "I don't like thiiiiis. Mmmf!" Tessa stiffened, feeling something push up against her crotch. "Hey!" Tessa flushed. "What's the idea you pervy flower!" What felt like a slimy vine kept rubbing between her legs like it was trying to work its way into her shorts. 

"Ah..." Tessa winced. "What is with this thing? Hey! Knock it o-" The petals around Tessa suddenly pulsed and with a loud hiss, let out a fog of bright pink mist. It was thick, crowded her nostrils and smelled like a concentrated vat of fermenting strawberries. 

"Oh...oh wow..." Tessa went cross-eyed, unable to hold her breath, the sweet smell strangely intoxicating. "That smell...really is the flowers." Tessa huffed her words out, mind going as hazy as her vision. She relaxed and slumped forward, and didn't remember anything after that. 

Tessa's eyes fluttered open to a rising sun peaking though gaps in the vines. Still in a daze, she wiggled her toes, flopping her feet back and forth. 

"Did it...did it let me go?" Tessa yawned. Ahead of her, the large flower was closed up and several feet away. It seemed like Tessa had been propped up against a tree. The tiny beams of sun felt wonderful though and the dew laden grass was cool against her skin. She could feel it all the way up her legs. 

"Am I...na...ked?" Tessa stopped, awake enough now to look at her feet. Not that they were different or, at least, they shouldn't have been. For one, she was missing her shoes and... 

"Why are my feet green?" Tessa said. She raised a hand. "Why is my hand green? Why is my other hand green? Why am I green!" Tessa looked down, further confusion. It was like she was in a completely different body. She knew her breasts weren't this big. They were just a modest handful each, baseball sized. People always called boobs melons and while that description didn't work for her, it did for these. They were like cantaloupes or small watermelons. 

"What the heck?" Tessa cupped them with her hands. "Mmm..." She flinched. They were strangely sensitive and lifting them made her chest tingle. Her nipples were already incredibly hard...too hard. She eyed them, pinching one lightly between her fingers. 

"Ah!" Even a light touch made Tessa jump. "Okay, enough of that." Stranger still, her nipple felt leafy and less like a nipple and more like a... 

"Flower bud?" Tessa said. "What did that flower do to me?" She froze, dread creeping over her. "No no," Tessa slapped her cheeks. "Get a hold of yourself, Tessa. It's just a hallucination from that weird gas. A flower would never get the best of me." A small leaf fell to Tessa's shoulder. She grabbed it, looking up into the trees. She squinted at the leaves and then looked back down at the one she held. She did a double take. The leaf in her hand looked nothing like the ones on the tree. Above they were bright green, but the one she held was long, jagged, and more of a teal color. 

"Wait..." Tessa swung her head quickly back and forth. She couldn't feel her ponytail whipping around behind her. Rather, shaking her head made a subtle crackle like a breeze sifting through...leaves. Tessa put her hands on her head. 

"My hair! L...Leaves?" She could feel them, course and planty in her hands. One snapped as she took her hand away, and half a leaf fluttered down, brushing past her arm. 

"Eeeeee!" Tessa shrieked, jumping to her feet. "What happened to me! Why am I- ah..." She stopped. Her excitement had made her boobs bounce. They sloshed and weighed her down. Was having boobs this big supposed to be like this? 

"How am I supposed to go jumping and exploring with a rack like this?" Tessa turned, looking over her shoulder behind her. It seemed her hips were wider too, and her butt rounder than before. 

"Really?" She looked down the other side of her body. It was the first time she ever had to look past her boobs to see. She looked down her weird, green, nude body, eyes landing on her clit. It was stiff and swollen, sticking out too far and looked just like her nipples, a darker green than the rest of her skin. 

"Do I even want to try and touch it?" Tessa asked. She looked up, eyes landing on the closed up flower that had caught her. She backed away meekly, afraid it might wake up and do something else. 

"Whoa!" Her heel caught on something and she tumbled backward. "No, no! Not again!" She landed on her back, and quickly flipped over and jumped back to her feet. She breathed heavily, scared and winded. She hadn't fallen in anything this time though. Instead, she found herself in a clearing, brightly lit by the morning sun. 

"Oh..." Tessa relaxed. " Oh. Mmmm." The sun warmed her skin and felt more soothing than it ever had. She inhaled deeply and backed up and slouched against the tree behind her. "Oh wow..." Tessa's body shuddered. "This is...like...really...Ah...Ahhhh!" An intense spike of pleasure rolled up in a wave from Tessa's crotch. It subsided quickly. Tessa looked down, parting her breasts to see. Her pussy dripped on the grass at her feet, and her clit had...bloomed. Tessa's heart skipped. She was right. They were flower buds. Her clit had bloomed into a flower with a yellow center and white petals, like a little daisy. It was so bizarre. Tessa wanted to touch it, but refrained. It looked so delicate, freshly bloomed in the sunlight. Bzzzzz. A little honey bee buzzed past her ear. Tessa froze, watching it circle back. She normally didn't like bees so much. Her fear was gone though, replaced by an affection for the little creature. She found its presence comforting rather than alarming, like she was fond of it. It was kind of cute. It buzzed around her, stopping at her breasts as if inspecting them. She watched as it sunk below them and her heart fluttered as she felt its tiny body bounce off her skin just above her navel. It flew out in a wider arch, sinking lower as it flew back in. Tessa moved her breasts and watched. The little bee gently buzzed just above the flower on her crotch. Then, it landed. 

"Hah!" Tessa gasped. An invigorating shock hit her. She could feel the bee's tiny legs tickle her. A bee...It wants my...nectar. She was right and when the bee went for it, it was like a tiny tongue lapping and sucking at her clit. The area was so much wider now though and the feeling so much more intense. 

"Mmmm," Tessa covered her mouth, feeling weak in her knees. They trembled as she pressed them together. Eventually she couldn't stand. She slumped to the base of the tree at her back, throwing her head back and cupping her breasts. A tingling feeling rose up in them slowly, like they were going to erupt. 

"Oh god..." Tessa moaned. "What is happening? Why does this feel so...ahhh! Ahhhh!" Her whole pelvic area spasmed, shaking as she felt herself squirt on the grass. "I can't...believe this." But she couldn't help it. The feeling was so intense she lost control. "Mmm...Mmmm..." Tessa practically growled as the sensation subsided. When her pussy gave its last twitch, she lurched her head upright, watching dizzily as the little bee buzzed upward and into the air. 

"Little bastard," she gasped. "Just teased me and flew away." She looked down, breasts still in her hands. They were different now too. Just like her clit, Tessa's nipples had both bloomed into the same kind of flower. She let go and her breast jiggled against her body. "Mmmm," she winced. "Still not used to these." She looked at her hand. It was sticky, wet with some kind of ooze. Her other hand was dry. Tessa reached across and touched the opposite breast with it. Same thing. A sticky substance clung to her hand. It was coming out of her breast just below the flower. 

"Nec...tar?" Tessa said slowly. It must have been why they seemed so heavy. "Are my breasts full of...nectar?" Tessa shook her head, parting her breasts and looking down at the grass between her outstretched legs. The grass had the same stuff on it. Tessa had thought she had peed or something. But what had come out of her pussy wasn't pee, but...more nectar. She put her hand in it. It even felt the same. 

"Whaaaaaat?" Tessa was dumbfounded. She didn't feel alarmed though. Sitting in the sun was so relaxing and her mind felt rather blissed out by what had just happened. She let her arms fall to her side and sat there, confused. She wasn't worried, but felt like she should be. I have leaf hair, green skin, nectar in my boobs, and a flower on my pussy. What is wrong with me? Tessa's ear twitched. She looked up. Over her, hanging from a high branch, was a bee hive. Her ears picked up the faint sound of their buzzing. It seemed like more and more of them were coming out of the hive. Some of them floated off elsewhere, but some started to hover down toward her. Tessa sat, entranced. She wanted to bring them all in for a fluffy hug, but couldn't, or at least knew she shouldn't. In her head it felt like she loved bees. The sight of them getting closer and closer made her heart flutter. She stared as some of them came to eye level, unable to look away. She didn't utter a sound. They buzzed closer to her breasts, hovering at a distance from the flowers at their tips. 

"Hya," Tessa squeaked. The first bee landed on her right breast, tickling the flower. It wasn't as intense as the one on her pussy, but it made her shoulders tense and her body shiver. Another bee landed on the opposite flower. Tessa bit her lip, turning her head away and closing one eye, her arms curling up. She moaned deep but softly as the bees lapped at the flowers, taking nectar from her breasts. Eventually another bee landed. And then another and another on each breast. With each one the teasing got more intense, like someone was playing with her nipples. She bit down on her finger to try and stop herself from moaning. It worked for a minute, but then more bees showed up. Some flew off and more came. They crowded the flowers and their teasing was relentless. 

"Ahhhh, my breasts," Tessa let out. "These bees are...Mmmf, Pollinating my breasts." Tessa mind was wavy and becoming delirious. Her own words felt weird to hear. She moaned, hearing her voice echo. Being heard didn't occur to her though. She bit her lip watching the bees. Why aren't they using my pussy flower...they need to use my pussy too. Tessa used her hands and shook her breasts. 

"Hah..." The pleasure was like a jolt. The bees came off her breasts, but quickly settled back down. "C'mon..." she whined. "Stop teasing me you...you...bugs!" She couldn't think of anything better. Her mind was spinning and only came back to one place. And she finally got what she asked for. A few bees buzzed down from above, but didn't stop at her breasts. Her eyes lit up when she saw them and watched them as far as she could. She didn't want to move her breasts and disturb the other bees. When they went out of sight, Tessa slowly spread her legs for them. It felt instinctive. I...I need to expose my flower for them... 

"Ahhhh!" Her cry went out loud and clear. She felt the bees the moment they touched down. Everything was so sensitive. Her hips bucked and she squirted on the grass again, drops of nectar flying up as Tessa threw her head back. 

"Oh god..." She writhed. "They're pollinating me! The bees are pollinating my flower pussy!" It was so invigorating. Tessa let the waves of euphoria take her over. She forgot why she was even in the forest. She knew she must have looked ridiculous sitting there against a tree bucking her hips while bees pattered around the flowers on her breasts and crotch. She didn't care. All she cared about now was letting the bees have their way. She let them use her, sat there all day while waves of them came and lapped at her flowers for nectar. She cried out, moaned, talked to bugs that couldn't understand her. "Make honey out of me. Pollinate me. Turn me into your meadow. Rake me! Plow my fields and fertilize my mounds. Turn me into your garden." The thoughts either went through her head or came out in sloppy moans. It was what she wanted. They crawled over her in droves. I'm theirs. I belong to the bees. I'm their little flower to milk and pollinate. 

It was hours before they left her, drool running down her face, nectar splattered all around her. She smelled just like the flowers that turned her, sweet, an inseminated strawberry, ripened and blooming. I'm their strawberry, Tessa thought as she watched the last of the bees buzz away, sun now high in the sky. She silently hoped that strawberries might grow on her now, so that when the bees came back she would have little fruits for them to eat. 

"Come back tomorrow bees," Tessa giggled. "Keep using me. I want all of your sweet...sweet pollen." Tessa's eyes fluttered and closed. She lay there, content and smiling, her breathing subsiding to a gentle rise and fall. She was comfortable where she was, propped against the bee's tree, lewd, pollinated breasts pointed out, like peaks with flowers at the top glistening with nectar in the sun. She let herself drift away, naked in a forest clearing, and fell asleep. 

When Tessa woke up, it was once again to beams of light peaking through the leaves from a rising sun. 

"Mmm...Huh?" Tessa stirred, drowsy and disoriented, but feeling heavy and off. She gazed up into the hazy sky for a while, feeling relaxed, like a peaceful morning after. She looked down. The buds on her breasts were closed again, but looked a bit bigger now. Aside from that, something else was bigger too. Past her breasts, she could see her belly, round and bulging. Slowly, Tessa put her hands on it. It was definitely her belly. She felt at the smoothed skin, her belly rounded and large. 

"Pr...pregnant?" Tessa sat up, examining herself. "Am I pregnant?" Her heart skipped. She looked at the sky. Morning again... "How long was I asleep? How did I get this pregnant this fast?" It seemed impossible. She wasn't just pregnant, she looked like she was about due. It wasn't winter or anything though so it hadn't been that long. She looked up. The hive of bees was still there, sitting peacefully dormant. She looked back at her belly. The bees... they really did...pollinate me. Tessa balanced herself against the tree and stood, slowly. Just standing up had never been so laborious. Between her breasts and her pregnant belly, she wasn't accustomed to being so front heavy. Tessa took stock of herself. Feeling at her belly, following its curvature to her hips and back to her rounded butt. Tessa put her hands to her cheeks and blushed. I've never felt so fertile. Tessa smiled brightly and swooned. Those cute little bees really impregnated me. They made me a mommy. I wonder if- Tessa slapped herself. 

"Get a hold of yourself girl," She said. She couldn't stay here. She really had no idea where she was anymore, but there had to be someway out of the forest. Surely someone could figure out what was happening to her. She stepped into a brisk walk across the clearing, feeling ridiculous as she could feel her hips sway, her butt wiggle and her breasts and belly bounce along with her. Being naked made her feel wildly self conscious, just walking in a forest like this out in the open. Tessa stopped, leaning against a tree, only making it from one side of the clearing to the other. 
