 May 23rd, 2057 11:24 am PST

Like a spy cloaked against its enemies, three small spiked shapes danced unnoticed by the neighboring cells floating in the culture dish. Dimmed light from the monitor lit Dr. Campbell's face while he watched the movement of the magnified sample. Computers hummed in the darkened room, providing power to the algorithms that automatically tracked and recorded the specimens. 

Dr. Campbell cleared his throat before speaking. "Allie, begin recording. Adenovirus infection test number 689. This sample is from batch 23-A and I've recoded to hopefully prevent the previous disruptions of the cell wall. I've introduced the virus into the sample of cells and am- hang on, here we go. Allie, mark affected displayed cell as a-1, please. "

One of the spiked viruses attached itself to a cell and Dr. Campbell watched quietly as the tiny structure decomposed after delivering its payload. Mentally, Dr. Campbell counted slowly while watching the larger cell. When he passed ten seconds, he smiled; when he reached thirty, the normally restrained man felt like laughing.

"Allie?" The doctor said out loud.

A soft feminine voice purred in response. "Yes, Dr. Campbell?"

"Status on a-1, please?"

The small array of computers silently ran a series of tests while he waited. Once completed, the AI gave its report. "A-1 shows the modification as described in your test case scenario, Dr. Campbell."

"Beautiful," the man whispered. "Now... Allie, I need an assistant. Please create a listing for me. Maximum of $5000 for the budget and I want precedence given to the local university listings. Male or female between 18 and 25 with some experience in biology but nothing beyond either simple interest in the subject or high school classes required. Give the advertisement a seven day lifetime."

"Yes, doctor. The postings have been created and I've debited your account for $4503. Shall I keep you notified of potential applicants?"

Dr. Campbell tapped his nose in thought. "A daily reminder is fine, Allie." On the screen, only one adenovirus was left and he watched it attach to another cell. "I need a cryo injection on the samples. And disposal. Have my car ready and notify my office that I'm on my way."

"Yes, doctor," Allie responded.

Dr. Campbell stood and knuckled his back. "And, Allie, once the samples are disposed, please roll back to the save point created at 7:00 am this morning. That includes all data."

A faint hiss announced the destruction of the samples currently on display. Dr. Campbell watched as the small tray was carefully lifted by a delicate metal arm. Five seconds later, a cheerful 'ding!' sounded over the room's speakers.

"Good morning, Dr. Campbell," Allie announced.

Following routine, the man answered. "Good morning, Allie."

"Dr. Campbell, you've received two emails regarding applications for an assistant's position. I've located advertisements listed in eleven different resources on the Internet. Would you like a summary of the applicants and their qualifications?" Dr. Campbell could almost hear the frustrated surprise in Allie's voice; a frustration that could never exist in her electronic brain.

"Not at the moment, Allie. Please set up a daily notification at 5 pm."

"Yes, doctor," the voice replied.

