 Walking down the rainy streets of New York on a gray bastard of a January day Brian pulled the zipper of his army surplus jacket up as high as it could go. His friend Photo just lets the water be absorbed by his mop of brown hair. 

It seemed like forever until the light turned red and they could walk across the street. The rain started to sting their faces as it transformed into hail.

They had just raided the used book store by the pizzeria and had made some great finds. All of them double bagged against the prying fingers of the invasive and spiteful rain. He'd feel like crap if a forty year old hard cover was going to be ruined on his watch. And all the while he could see her smile and the way her nose would twitch up. She was the sort of girl who smiled with her whole being. And picturing it made the hurt inside of him even worse.

"You are thinking of her even now. Aren't you?" Photo blurted out interrupting Brian from an imagined kiss.

"I don't know. Why? I am thirty; I should not be getting crushes on girls. But I did and this time it was hard. There is something about her. In anthro class I would picture her dressed as an Aztec princess and we would be making love on top of some ancient alter. I'd turn us so we would both face the rising sun to bless our union, and yet I could still see her smiling face, golden in those first moments. It's like I was outside of myself.

"Ziggurat? Is that what you mean? The one with the big ass and pretty smile? Not the building but the girl. Yeah I could see that, course Shelia would kick your ass. Told you not to make a marriage with no red headed goddess," Photo said not even having the decency to wipe the rain off his aviator glasses.

They ducked into a doorway to light up. Brian to be sure loved his wife, it was that there was something about Emily. Snatches of love songs played through his head. He actually felt hurt when she did not come to class one day. Oddly enough the whole term they might have talked three or four times. He pictured in his soul's eye another kiss as his hands encircled her waist pulling her closer it was the holidays and they were home together...then Photo coughed as he lit his blunt.

"Trouble is you are not wrong, if you feel like that, like an emotional connection, especially when you barely know her, it's because she's a reflection."

Brian knew enough to take a drag before asking him what he had meant, all the while part of him was still thinking of her. It was the only thing he could do to make that guilty hole in his spirit feel better, even if it was for a moment.

"Okay, they have these realities, one on top of another. Normally they glide clear of each other, sometimes...sometimes they touch a bit and you get deja vu. Sometimes you don't even notice it. You walk by her and think of what might have been and sometimes you are in there deep"

Brian's mind flashed to him and Emily in bed, it was a room that he never saw before but he felt comfortable in. They had just made love and they were a smelly, sticky, but happy mess. All this occurred in a mere second, he made a recovery as Photo smiled at him, "Like in that film The Matrix?"

"Sort of. At least in the first film. Hey! is that the cops over there? Nah! But you also get, I dunno, feedback from your other self."

"Feedback. What you mean feedback?"

"Well unless your other self is dead or in a coma, you two are alike right? You are the same model transmitter Ever put the microphone down by the speaker? You get some feedback It sounds like you must be feeling right now."

Brian did feel awful, all that heart sickness he thought he had left behind him decades ago. 

"Yeah? And..."

"...transmitter, so you can occasionally feel what he does and vera...visa... uh vica...ver...you know what I mean."

"So I am feeling what he feels and ..."

"Hey with the almighty's infinite variations you are looking through the eyes of another Brian who is married to that sweet little smiley thing. And in another universe he sees a hot redhead with a temper and a good right cross."

"You sure that dope is okay?"

"Take comfort in this, in some other time line you are with her but then again...

Sound of record scratch across the universe...

Brian and Photo walked through New York on a gray day, the sun refused tot come out of the clouds, but at least the rain held off, though the forecaster with the helmet hair said it might snow that night. It was a shame as Brian loved the rain and hated the snow.

His fingers were a bit numb. They had raided the local record shop. It was "dollar album day." He had asked the scowling counter girl for a second bag and placed it over the records, just in case. He looks over at his friend Photo, his scalp was getting a layer of fuzz that showed just how bad his male pattern baldness would have been had he kept his hair. He must have been on the outs with his old lady as he always took pride in his leaving the house in the morning with a shiny smooth look. 

All the while he thought of her, dressed in tiger skins. She was the red headed jungle girl from the movie serials his grandfather used to watch with him come to life. She moves closer to him. He can smell that mixture of sweat and jungle flowers. Her lips moved teasing close to her and then he realizes Photo was staring at him.

"So there is this girl I see in my literature class, you know the one with the red hair, the one with the fierce green eyes. I don't know why I am getting these crushes, I am over thirty.

Photo darts his eyes around to look for a store front to take a nip in.

"Nah! Man you are okay but it is like this..."