 I was unpopular for my whole life. 18 years of being mocked by the other kids. I was unattractive, overweight, and a virgin. I had no particular reason to be popular. Of course, I had friends, but we mostly wallowed in our unpopularity together. On this particular day, which I will remember for the rest of my existence, myself (Jamie) and my friends Mark and Peter were sat on the coach on the way back to school. A-Levels were over, and the whole of Year 13 had been on a week-long trip to celebrate. Mark and Peter were having a Pokémon battle, while I sat and watched.

"What you losers doing?" Asked Adam, one of the unpleasant people sat in front of us.

"None of your business," replied Peter, but Adam just leaned over.

"Baby stuff I see," Adam said, grabbing Mark's 3DS.

"Hey! Give that back!" Mark shouted.

"Now now, don't be mean," said Alex, Adam's girlfriend. "If they want to be infinitely unpopular and the scum of the Earth for the rest of their lives, that's their choice."

"It's a pretty stupid one, I'd say," Adam said. "Do you dorks know what I'm going to do when we get back? I'm going to drive Alex here home. Then I'm going to carry her up to her room and make her scream like she's being murdered."

"Shut up..." Alex said, blushing.

The three of us got back to what we were doing, but it didn't last long. I heard one of the other pupils shout "Smoke!", and everyone turned to look at the back of the bus. Clouds of smoke were indeed pouring out of the petrol tank. I saw a flash of light and felt a surge of heat, and then, nothing.

When I opened my eyes, I saw a bright light. When my eyes adjusted, however, I realised it was just the lightbulb on the ceiling. I sat up, and realised several things. I saw that I was in a large room, with quite a few sofas and tables. The tables were covered in plates full of all sorts of delicious-looking food and drink. Everything looked completely luxurious.

The next thing I noticed was that I was not alone. All my classmates were present, sitting all around the large room. And they were all naked. I looked around, and my eyes widened at the sight of my classmates' bodies being completely exposed. So many girls I'd previously imagined naked were now available for me to see in all their glory. Well, at least until they all realised they were naked, and all screamed and tried to cover themselves. The boys also tried to, although it was even more difficult for us, as just about everyone, myself included, was getting a boner from the sight of all this nude flesh. I settled for just letting it all hang out.

"Alright, alright, calm down everyone," said our teacher, Mr Johnson, standing up.

"Oh shut up Richard, you're not helping anything," said Miss Wilson, the young, 20-something newly-qualified teacher.

"Sir, where are we?" Asked one girl.

"I don't know Becky," replied Mr Johnson. "But everyone just stay calm and we'll figure it out."

Just then, a set of large doors opened, and the class saw 4 men and 4 women walk in. Each one of them was dressed in pure white robes, and had large, white wings protruding from their backs.

"Greetings everyone," said one of the women. "My name is Luna, and these are my associates."

"So could you kindly tell us what is going on here?" Asked Mr Johnson. "Why have we been kidnapped and why have we been stripped naked?"

"Please do not interrupt, thank you," said Luna. "If you could all remain calm and co-operate we can get through his quickly. You will all be asked for your names and given a hand stamp. Please do not resist."

"Now look here, you can't just-" said Mr Johnson.

"Name," said Luna.

"I'll be contacting the police-"

"NAME."

"His name's Richard Johnson," said Miss Wilson. "And I'm Sally Wilson." Luna looked over at the man stood next to her, who started looking down the list on his clipboard.

"Um...Up for him, and Down for her, Miss Luna," said the man.

"Not what I'd have gone for," Luna said. "Alright, everyone get to work."

The group split into pairs, and went around asking people their names. I watched as the lists were checked, and everyone's hands were stamped. Eventually one of the pairs came up to Mark, Peter and I.

"Names," asked the girl.

"Um...Jamie Robertson," I replied.

"Mark Ackers."

"Peter Ward."

"Up for all of them," said the man. The girl stamped our hands, and moved on. We looked at our hands, and we saw that they'd stamped on a bright blue cloud.

"What is that?" Asked Mark.

"Dunno," I replied.

The people continued stamping people, and everyone compared their stamps. Most of us had blue clouds, although a few had what appeared to be a red flame.

"Attention everyone," said Luna. "Could everyone who has a blue cloud please go over there and stand with Rafael, and everyone with a red flame go over there and stand with Dominique.

My friends and I went to stand with the cloud people. It was most of us, with only maybe a dozen or so people, including Alex, Adam and Miss Wilson in the flame queue. The woman known as Dominique opened a door, through which fire and screams could be heard. Everyone seemed afraid, and the flame people were herded through it, their stamps being checked as they did.

"Alright everyone," said the man called Rafael. "Please line up in single file. Your stamps will be checked and you'll be allowed in."

"In where?" Mr Johnson asked.

"Please hold all questions until you're inside." Rafael opened the door, and I saw a blinding white light inside. It felt nice. "I'd like to get things over with quickly."

The others lined us up, and one by one, our hands were checked and we were allowed inside. I was behind Alice Walker in the queue, and I found my eyes drawn to her bottom. It was different to how I'd imagined it would be, but it was still beautiful. My dick got hard quickly as I was fixated by Alice's posterior. Unfortunately, as we moved forwards in the line, I moved a little too enthusiastically, and my boner rubbed itself against Alice's booty.

"Sorry Alice!" I exclaimed.

"It's alright..." said Alice timidly. I loved how cute she was. So forgiving.

"Ahem." Alice and I both turned to see Rafael looking annoyed at us.

"Oh...I'm sorry," said Alice. She showed her hand to Rafael.

"Alright, go on in." Alice walked forward, and the last I saw of her was her bottom disappearing into the light. I then looked at Rafael, and showed him my hand. "In you go."

As I walked forward, the light got more and more intense, and I was consumed by the most wonderful feeling of happiness. When it cleared I found myself stood in my living room at home. I was still naked, my cock softening after being made erect by Alice's bottom. It seemed to be night time, with all the blinds shut. The only light in the room was coming from the many candles that were scattered around the room, which I know my mother and sisters were quite fond of.

"Mum?" I shouted. "Hello? Anyone?" No response. Next to the sofa were two tables, which were covered with plates of all my favourite snacks. Confused, I sat down and ate a biscuit. It tasted absolutely wonderful. I poured a glass of coke, and it too tasted incredible. But I still didn't understand what was going on.

"Hello there." I jumped in my seat, and turned to see two girls stood in the doorway. One was Asian, the other Caucasian. And both were completely naked and drop-dead gorgeous. My cock immediately began to stir. I noticed that the Asian girl had a large set of wings protruding from her back like the people earlier had. Despite this, I found myself backing away from the girls.

"Don't be frightened," said the Asian girl. "We're not going to hurt you. Nothing will ever hurt you again."

"What's going on?" I asked. "Who are you?"

"I am Amu," said the Asian girl, who then looked over at her friend, who appeared to be extremely nervous. "Well go on then. Introduce yourself."

"Oh, yes," the nervous girl said nervously. "I'm Jayma...Mr Robertson...sir..."

"Just relax Jayma...deep breaths, don't be nervous," Amu said to her, before turning back to me. "I'm sorry about Jayma. She's new, and I'm training her up. This is her first time on the job."

"What job?" I was still rather afraid, although admittedly most burglars don't tend to work naked.

The two girls simply walked over and sat down on either side of me.

"Do you like the food?" Asked Amu.

"It's good, but please, I want to know what's going on," I said.

"What do you remember?" asked Jayma. "Before waking up naked, I mean."

"Well..." I thought. "We were on the coach on the way back to school. I heard people screaming, and then I felt really hot, and then...I woke up."

"The petrol tank of the coach exploded," said Jayma. "Everyone on board died instantly."

"So I'm dead?" I asked, and Amu nodded.

"Dead. Expired. Deceased," said Jayma. "Biting the dust. Sleeping with the fishes."

"That's enough Jayma," said Amu sternly.

"Yes Miss Amu..."

"Wait, if I'm dead, then that means this is...what's next," I said.

"That's correct."

"So...which one is this?"

"This good one," Amu smiled. "Welcome to Heaven, Jamie."

"Heaven? But why?" I asked. "I've never believed in God, and I'm not exactly perfect."

"God does not care about whether or not you worship him. Only that you are a good person, and he has judged you to be so. As such, you are to be rewarded for all eternity."

"So what are you then?" I asked, before looking at Amu's wings. "Are you angels?"

"Yes," Amu replied. "We're here to welcome you to Heaven."

"But I can't be dead!" I shouted, standing up. "I'm only 18!"

"Everyone dies at some point," said Jayma.

"But I had so much I wanted to do!"

"You can do whatever you want here."

"How's my family going to react!?"

"Reacted. You've been dead for over a week, so they'll have found out by now."

"A week!?"

"God is a very busy man. It takes time to judge all the dead of the universe."

Amu stood up, and gently lowered me back down onto the sofa. The two angels began stroking my legs. They were trying to relax me, but honestly it just put me more on edge.

"Please Jamie, just relax," said Amu.

"You're asking me to give up everything I've ever known!" I shouted.

"I really don't understand why you're upset," said Jayma. "Heaven is a million gazillion times better than anything that rubbish planet has."

"Jayma, I've told you, you need a light touch," Amu said, the two girls still stroking my legs. "What my apprentice was trying to say is that you can have anything you want here. Anything." As she said that, she moved her hand further up my leg, and began rubbing my balls. Jayma soon followed suit. My cock gave in at that point, my resistance no longer being able to prevent it from hardening.

"Your every desire can be yours," said Jayma, whispering seductively in my ear. "There is no sin here. If you desire it, you shall have it."

"Anything?" I asked, still overwhelmed by the new sensation of my genitals being fondled by two attractive girls.

"Anything," Amu said, before kissing me deeply on the lips.

"Oh my God," I said as she broke the kiss.

At this point my cock was harder than it had ever been in my entire life, and it was tingling with anticipation. While Jayma continued playing with my balls, Amu began running her finger up and down my firm length, causing me to shudder even more.

"There is no pain here," she said. "And all positive sensations are amplified beyond human comprehension." I could believe that right there, but I got to experience it first-hand when Amu pulled back by foreskin and began rubbing the head with her finger. I let out a loud groan, and arched my back from the sensations. My dick was throbbing with pleasure, and it was soaking wet with pre-cum. Amu continued playing with my cock, smiling lovingly as she did, while Jayma continued providing exquisite stimulation to my balls.

Amu then finally moved her hand to grasp my penis. As she held it in her hand, I tried to compose myself, wondering what I'd ever done to deserve this. Amu then began jerking me, causing my moaning to increased. Jayma fondled my balls while Amu wanked me hard, still rubbing my tip with her thumb.

"Oh God! Oh my God!" I moaned loudly. "Oh God, I'm gonna cum!"

"Don't resist it Jamie, just let it happen," said Jayma.

"Oh my God!"

And with that, I toppled over the edge with an almighty groan. And let me tell you, if you think orgasms on Earth feel good, you just wait until you feel one in Heaven. The first contraction alone was greater than the total sum of all orgasms my mortal body had ever had, and milliseconds later, I felt another, even more powerful contraction as huge amounts of semen surged out of my cock. My body was completely overwhelmed as it tried to get to grips with what was going on in my groin area. I humped the air as I came, my natural reaction to my first real taste of what Heaven has to offer. Rather than the individual shots of cum, my ejaculation was instead more of a constant stream, the heavenly contractions happening so frequently they'd all but blended into one. It felt a little like I was urinating. You know, except with copious amounts of semen instead of urine. And with the almost unbearable amounts of sexual pleasure.

I don't know how long I came for, but by the time it ended, I could barely think straight. I was slouched on the sofa, my body drenched in sweat. I was panting heavily, my entire middle section tingling intensely. I looked down at the floor, which was covered in an insane amount of my cum. I felt my penis begin to soften, but as it did, I noticed something odd. Although my cock was indeed becoming soft and floppy, it wasn't shrinking, remaining at its erect length and girth.

"What's happening?" I asked between pants. "To my dick I mean."

"We thought you might like a bigger one," said Jayma.

"How is all of this possible? My dick growing, and that orgasm...Oh God, that orgasm..."

"God's power is infinite, and it is his will that all the virtuous people of the universe be given an eternity of bliss, pleasure and happiness," explained Amu.

"Why?"

"It is not our place to question the Lord. That God deems you worthy of eternal bliss is enough."

"So if this is Heaven, presumably there's a Hell too?"

"Of course," said Jayma. "Where all those nasty sinners get their punishments."

"So it's as bad as you hear?"

"It's worse," said Amu. "You know all that pleasure we just gave you? Imagine that but as pain."

"That's awful...so is that where the people with the red flames went?"

"Yes. We could you show it to you if you'd like, but it might be quite distressing."

"No, it's alright...But what sorts of things go on in there?"

"Tortures of the worst kind. But it really doesn't bear thinking about," said Amu. "Jayma, why don't you show Jamie some more heavenly pleasures?"

I didn't get a say in that. Before I could react, my scrotum was in Jayma's mouth, being sucked on by the gorgeous angel.

"Uhhh..." I groaned.

"Does that feel good?" Amu asked me, and I just nodded. She kissed me lovingly yet rather sloppily, and then picked up a slice of pizza from the table, feeding it to me. The flavours...Oh God, the flavours. That pizza had every single one of my favourite toppings on it. It had stuffed crust, and it was just the right thickness. Everything about it as perfect. I didn't know which bit of me felt better, my mouth or my balls. I didn't even notice that my dick had gotten hard. And I definitely didn't notice Amu giving Jayma an order.

"Suck his dick."

I gasped sharply as I felt Jayma engulf my dick with her mouth. I leaned my head back in pleasure, trying to get to grips with the overwhelming sensations. After years of wondering I finally knew what it felt like to get a blowjob. The answer was it felt fucking amazing. Although granted said blowjob was coming from a literal angel. I instinctively spread my legs, and looked down at said angel. It was at that point I noticed how big my boner was. It was at least twice as big in all dimensions, and my balls matched.

"Oh my God, it's huge..." I moaned, barely able to comprehend the sensations.

"Of course," Amu smiled. "You didn't think we'd beef up your soft dick but not your hard dick, did you?" Amu kissed me at that, sliding her tongue into my mouth. "Mmmm...tell me Jamie, have you ever touched a girl's boobs?"

"N...no..." I replied, not quite sure what I should be focusing on.

"Let's fix that then."

Amu broke the kiss, and then climbed on top of me, riding my stomach, her wet pussy rubbing against my chest.

"They're all yours," she said, presenting her huge boobs to me. I just stared at them, part mesmerised, part paralysed from my ongoing fellatio. "Here, touch them." Amu grabbed my right hand, and put it on top her left boob. It felt nice. I ran my hand across its surface, paying particular attention to her nipple. I then gave it a squeeze, enjoying it greatly.

"Like that?" She giggled.

"Um...yeah..." I managed.

"Don't be nervous sweetie. It's all perfectly normal."

I put my other hand on Amu's other boob, and began playing with it. Between Amu's boobs and Jayma sucking my dick, I felt as though I'd, well, died and gone to Heaven. I could feel the head of my penis rubbing against Jayma's tonsils, before she would move her mouth up to where only the very tip was still inside, and then she'd slam my length back into her, and the process would start all over again, her angelic tongue never ceasing its ministrations.

"Suck on my tits, Jamie," said Amu seductively. I just nodded, and she helped me into position, leaning forward slightly. In position, I took her left boob in my mouth, sucking and licking hungrily. To my surprise though, as I sucked on Amu's nipple, I felt a warm liquid coming out of it. Amu's milk was the most wonderful thing I'd ever tasted, even better than the Heavenly food they'd fed me. I don't really know how to describe it, but the taste WAS pleasure. Like, as I drank Amu's milk, I could feel huge amounts of sexual pleasure in my mouth, and running down my throat to my stomach. I'm not exaggerating there. I mean literal, sexual pleasure in my mouth and throat.

It was all too much for my body to handle, and I had yet another orgasm. The feelings in my cock were even more intense than last time, but whether that was down to Jayma's skill or Heavenly magic I don't know. What was different from last time though was the spread. A normal orgasm is confined to the groin. But not this one. This one was felt all over my body. Every cell in my body was consumed by sexual pleasure, though it was noticeably more intense in my mouth (Thanks to Amu's milk) and so many enormous orders of magnitude stronger still in my groin, my cock once again releasing an ocean of cum into Jayma's mouth.

I don't know how long I came for. Time seemed irrelevant in Heaven, but it was mostly because I passed out mid-climax. The next thing I knew I was waking up in the most comfortable bed I'd ever known. I opened my eyes and realised I was merely naked in my own bed, although it felt much comfier than normal. I thought back on that dream I'd had, about how I'd died and gone to Heaven. Nonsense, of course, because there was no such thing, but God, it'd felt so real. So pleasurable.

I rolled over in bed and screamed as I saw Jayma, laid in bed next to me, smiling.

"AHHHHH!"

"Oh, sorry Jamie, I didn't mean to scare you..." she said, kissing me as she stroked my skin to try and comfort me.

"Oh my God, you mean that wasn't a dream?" I asked.

"Nope."

"So I really am dead? Oh God..."

"I don't understand why you're so upset by this. You're in Heaven. HEAVEN. Literally the greatest place in the whole of existence. Why would you be sad about leaving the terrible mortal plane to go to a place of eternal happiness?"
