 As always I love a slow built up, but finally, after this chapter, we are through the long exposition.

-

Cooking class went down, and us making a full English breakfast. After that I went to the gym, where we held my security and physical training. 

My teachers were Anastasia and Mia, a Russian and Chinese duo. Mia being the Physical trainer, who taught me a lot about the human body. She kept giving me massages, taught me Yoga, even though I was really bad at it, and meditation lessons. On the ship, my job was to be, partly work with the doctor, helping physical training and the maintenance of the crew's body.

Even though a lot of times we were naked, while we were taking massages and yoga, just to understand how muscles worked and all that, nothing sexual ever happened between us. 

Anastasia took over after that. She was an ex-Spetsnaz. She taught me everything about guns, how to use them and tactics of all situations. Grenades, bombs, close quarters combat and emergency medical treatment.

Between the two of those extreme physical training, I was exhausted like never. And then came Barbara, and her trusty servant, Melanie, teaching me history, ethics, and overall diplomacy. The first few weeks I usually passed out around 9 o'clock. Especially when Barbara took me to our bed for sexual training. Or meeting with Amanda secretly, for some fun times. I was completely worn out.

But I had pro teachers and they knew my limits. In less than a year I was declared good enough, and in the start of the 2nd year, my skills were sharpened even more. Especially with Barbara. Later on she spent every night with me. And when nature prevented it, Amanda joined me. I don't think I spent a single night being alone.

I learned so much of the female body. How to pleasure it, how to fuck it, and most importantly, how to make love to it. Amanda was the innocent one, yet sometimes asking me to fuck her in the ass. Barbara kept making love to me, and giving the best blowjobs, even though she was so cold to me other times. The difference between the two women was huge, both physically and psychologically.

I think I fall in love a little with Amanda. I definitely learned, how to respect woman properly through Barbara. But everything ends! We all knew our relationships going to end, especially. Still I remember them fondly, even after 120 years later in Earth time. 

Three months before the asteroid Helena would hit Earth, our ship was ready and my crew was also finished training. 15 young, capable, smart women, and most importantly, compatible with me regarding impregnation. All of them, from different cultures, sizes, shapes and races. Except the twins, all the women looked, and were different. 

Our departure was a final goodbye to everyone. I said goodbye to my mothers, my friends... and even to Nikki. She couldn't get into to the program, so with a huge chance, she would end up dead in less than 3 month. We had to say a sad, and full of tears goodbye again. Almost as if, it was our thing as a couple now.

But these were different times, and we knew our duty. I knew how lucky I was. Going on a journey with 15, young, gorgeous, smart, and willing woman. For almost 6 years! And then, our primary objective was to land on a planet, and restart the Human civilization. But for this gift, I had to let go of every single human, who was close to me. At the year 2100 the Leben ship left Earth's orbit.

I guess I should start describing the Leben. Many of my children and grandchildren and so on, will be curious about this part. She was magnificent! She was built in space over a year. Almost 1 kilometer long and about 200 meters tall. Yet it wasn't a beautiful ship really. She was essentially a box. This is space, aerodynamics are not a concern, and this ship was meant to land on a planet only once. Our final destination.

This ship had to house a full farm for vegetables, crops and fruits. The field was almost 300 square meter big, with state of the art automated farming equipment and soil recovering fertilizer. 

Other than a few chickens, fish and larvas, and a few cows, pigs, we didn't brought any live stock. We gained meat through cloning technology in a tank. Put a piece of cow meat into the tube, and in a month you get about 30 kg of meat. The technology is ancient, I think it first popped up around 2020, and it was perfected over the decades. We had fresh and healthy, cow, pig, crab, salmon, chicken and other types of meat growing in a 30 by 30 meters room constantly. 

The ship needed oxygen, so the entire top floor was a jungle, that could be visited any time. We gained water very simply. All the nitrogen and hydrogen floating in space? With minimal electrolization, you could have oceans. Although I don't understand the technology completely. Energy was harnessed through black matter. It was already an easy and safe technology at that time. 

The ship's engine took up about 30% of the entire hull. It also made artificial gravity. Almost everything was automated. From the full life support, to the farming, up to the navigation. Even cleaning and medical treatment was automated. Us humans had almost nothing to do for 6 years!

Well, nothing important for the ship itself to run. Sure, pilots and engineers were checking everything everyday. The doctor and me making examinations every week. The farmers spending most of the time in the farm lands and, the jungle making sure the plants are fine and healthy.

With everything else, the human crew had about 200 square meter on 3 levels. We had quarters, med lab, lounge, entertainment, gym, kitchen, navigation, and workshops to be packed in this big area. Anything you could really think of, we had it.

The first week was very busy. We were constantly checking every system, protocol, every inch of the ship, really. I started to work closely with captain Emily Kennin, and her co-pilot Sabrina Rodriguez. They wanted me to supervise the whole ships check up It was the first time I finally met every girl, personally. Sure, I saw profiles of them and pictures, but finally I could meet them. I don't think humanity had more beautiful women, then them. They were cute, gorgeous, sexy, and beautiful respectively. But, in the first week, nothing happened really. I started to cook for everyone of course, quickly receiving all the praise from the girls.

The very first injury came from Sabella Cane. She was this petite, black haired, french girl with the biggest boobs on the ship. She was flirting with me, from the first moment we met, which was at our goodbye party on Earth. She was constantly touching me, staring and making double meaning comments. Everything about this girl was sexual. The second day on our journey, she coyly asked me if she could sleep with me in the same bed. Only 3 days after we have met! I was saved by the captain, Emily, because she needed Sabella for something. It's not like I was shy, but I didn't wanted to jump into things so quickly. We had all the time in the world.

Anyway, less than a week passed, and Sabella pulled her back. She was arranging some of the equipment for better cataloging, and arrangement for her own liking. She was one of the engineers, and spent most of her time in the workshop. 

The doctor, Gala, was called, determined it wasn't so bad, and she only ordered physiotherapy. That meant massages, light exercise and very light yoga, by my strict supervision. Also ice and heat treatments. I called her into the saloon the same hour, after the injury.

"Why don't you take off your clothes, and lie down on the massage table." I pointed in the middle of the room. 

She only smiled and moaned slightly. She took off her jumpsuit, which was very form fitting, by the way. It was showing off her incredible tits. Beneath that, she was only wearing tiny panties. She continued to lay down onto the table. By leaving the pink panties, she wanted to play with me!

So I entered the game. I poured some almond oil in my hands, grown on the farm above us, and started to lightly loosen her back up.

"You know I meant panties too right?" I asked her right away.

"Sorry commander! I didn't think about it!" 

She was grinning and blushing at the same time, clearly fooling around. As the only male, I was in charge of the whole operation. But I was constantly assessing the situation, with Emily the captain, and the rest of the crew. It wasn't a real dictatorship or anything like that.

"Well, next time you are going to misunderstand my order, you are going to end up tied up, and sexually tortured for hours. Understood?"

As I was saying that I pulled her panties down and started to stroke her clit. She only managed to squeal and lightly wriggle, as her back still hurt. But I didn't let her come. After a minute or so, I stopped.

"Pleaseee..." She tried to put my hand back to her ass again, but she had no chance to reach me.

"Now close your eyes, and start to relax. Computer! Start the Jungle Meditation soundtrack!" I shouted.

The pleasant, but constant sound of a waterfall came from the room. Than the birds started to sing. Different animal sounds came out of the hidden speakers. Basically nature surrounded us. But I finished the session, without any other fooling around.

For the next week Sabella came for my therapy twice a day. Next time she didn't even hesitate to strip completely naked. I teased her every time at the start of the session. Stroking her clit, sometimes pushing a finger into her pussy, and one time my pinkie in her ass, two fingers in her pussy and my other hand on her clit.

It's ironic really... this girl's best asset was her breast and I never actually touched them. Barely saw them since my job was to actually relieve pain and heal her back injury. But I loved, us fooling around. Later she admitted she never actually orgasmed for that week, but she was constantly on edge. Thinking about me or about Gala, the doctor who quickly became her girlfriend after the third week.

But finally with proper treatment, medicine and rest, she healed completely. The last massage was in order and I decided to "reward" her for good behavior. As always she laid on the table naked ready for the treatment. But this time instead me touching her pussy first, I started to work on her back again.

She was so disappointed, I could feel it just through her shoulders. I went through the session the normal way, but at the end I spread her legs as if they were in the way. Then immediately I went in and licked her from clit to her asshole. She screamed at the surprise and I had to hold her thighs so she would not close her legs.

I was merciless and kept on licking her... well everywhere, but I concentrated on her asshole the most. Than switched to her pussy lips and her proper entrance. When finally she was just whimpering and unable for a proper response, I went in for her clit and sucked hard. 

I had to close my eyes because she started squirting. Good I thought, I'm gonna enjoy her body even more like this. She finally begged me to stop. I stood up and started to give her a light and relaxing massage everywhere, from legs to head. 

She fall asleep, but before that she murmured something I couldn't understand. With her back finally healed properly, my job was done here. I gave her shoulders a kiss, and covered her with her silk robe. I left just to bump into Gala the doctor.

"Oh, hey Max! Treatment went well?" She asked, and for the first time in my life I saw and understood jealousy. She was smiling, but her posture, her voice, her demeanor was very clear: she was annoyed, perhaps distressed. This small thai girl was annoyed or angry with me, probably because I just pleasured her girlfriend!. I had to find a solution for these kind of problems quickly.

-