 Honestly I'm a bit lost with this series at the moment, don't know where I'm taking the characters, the ship, the universe it self. Hopefully I wont make a lot of filler episodes!

‹3

***********

I was always lucky, to have somebody to wake up next to. The feel of a warm, soft skin against mine, was always having an effect on me. But waking up, and having it the first feeling of the day is always a good start for me. Feeling Yang's super fit body next to me was... a bit weird? I'm more used to, women snuggle to me, or at least try to cuddle. But she was just laying there. Always trying to move away from me, the closer I got, and only allowed me to put an arm over her.

After a while I stopped trying and got up. Internal clock told me it was 6 AM, almost an hour before, I should have woken up. Decided to put on my jumpsuit, and went for an early breakfast. My shift didn't start until 9 o'clock, so this morning Veronica was the one who prepared the food for the early risers. Those who missed breakfast, they got energy bars, which gave enough vitamins and energy to last at least, until dinner.

Had my favourite: English breakfast! Waking up with Yang and now this? Could not have a better start! Veronica and I idly chatted, planning the meals for the following week. She always was a happy girl with lots of smiles, but this morning she was even flirting with me, which was surprising. For almost two week nothing from her but, now she was all touchy feely. It was confusing. 

"What about some salmon? We didn't served fish for at least a week. We could use some of the lemons too, that just grow! " As she was saying this, she sat down next to me, one of her hand on my leg, other taking notes.

"Sure, the classic Garlic Lemon butter salmon maybe?"

"Okay... look wanted to talk with you about, what happened 2 weeks back."

"Oh? I thought we agreed to wait until you spoke with Hope?

"We did talk. She said she saw us! That you knew too, why you didn't tell me!?" I saw that she was angry and also disappointed. I was busted, and sort of felt bad for not letting her know.

"Sorry, but I thought I should let the two of you deal with that one."

"I was so embarrassed! You are lucky Hope took it well!"

"What did she said?"

"Well, she was okay with it actually. She said it was bound to happen. I thought she was gonna be, super jealous or something, but she just said...." She cut the sentence there, and got this embarrassed look with a blush. I know that reaction!

"What did she said, Veronica?"

"That we can do it anytime..." she murmured, barely audible. I couldn't help but have a big smile.

"Great, I am glad you two worked it out so well!"

"You are not off the hook sir! It was so embarrassing! No more sex out in public!"

"Oh? So there will be more?" I said smiling, placing my hand on her thigh. 

"Oh god." She sighed. " I should really punish you! And you are also taking Yang to your bed!"

"Now how do you now that?" This was an important moment. The first time the girls faced the whole polygamy thing openly to me.

"Hannah, one of the pilots? She said Yang was not in her room again during the night. Not hard to figure out, you having the only free bed space. You and Emily of course. But she is taking Sasha recently in to her bedroom!"

"How did this become a sitcom? Everybody is starting to switch with everybody. But than I guess, it's normal. They did assign us, and we did not choose with whom we sleep."

"It's great! So many gossips" And with that she was back to her cheery self, talking about all the switches and romances. Apparently everybody started to be more open about sex. Even the first threesome already happened, and I wasn't on it! Missed the opportunity, I guess.

"Anyway, we weren't the first one caught playing naughty! Gala said she saw you and Sabella too! Lucky for you they also managed to talk it out. But we should really punish you now!"

"Nope! Everything worked out! Besides I am not really into receiving, the punishment. You on the other hand..." I started going higher on her thighs, and leaned in, nibbling her ear, my other hand straight to her boobs.

" Oh god! Please, I don't want to get caught again!" 

"Nobody is up yet." Whit that I started to zip down her jumpsuit, and reached in between her legs. Only a white cotton pantie was in my way now. "You haven't answered though. Would you like that? If I spanked you maybe?"

I just got a shiver and a big moan from her. I was already stroking lightly her clit, kissing her neck. Enjoyed being a bit predatory, especially, after last nights love making with Yang. 

"Hmm, would you like that? Or maybe some bondage will get you going more?" 

Again no answer, just the shakes and and moans. I remembered her comment about anal too. Wetted one finger with her juices, and went down, gently stroking her anus. But I wanted more, so I positioned one finger at her asshole and one at her pussy, and pushed in the same time, when I pushed my tongue down her mouth, penetrating her 3 places at once.

She just hugged me as much as she could, moaning to my mouth shaking and came for me, almost immediately. The shakes didn't stop until a minute or so. When it was finally over I extracted my fingers from her, but hold her through her afterglow.

"How did you know" She asked.

"About what?"

"That I am into the kinda stuff? I didn't tell anybody, and never even tried, only alone a few times."

"Back home, the 2 weeks before departure? They placed cameras in everybody's room. They wanted to construct profiles for me, so I knew how to handle the crew. They caught you doing some self bondage." I smiled apologetically.

"Oh god, really!?" She was beet red, and started crying.

"It's okay, only one person saw it. And she said she enjoyed it very much!" I winked at her, than said "Well I saw it too!"

"You did!? OH god!!!" And she just broke in to, total crying. I felt bad about, all the teasing finally, so I just held her and comforted her. After a while she got herself together, and I started dressing her up. Cleaned her face up too with tissues. She was like a little girl again.

"It's okay, nothing wrong, that you are in to that kinda stuff. And I already saw a lot of you! I just got a delicious preview!" At least that got her chuckle a bit.

"Wait! Does that mean you have videos of the other girls too?" 

"Yeah, they were really creepy about it, they even put cameras in the toilets! I didn't watch everything though. Actually I saw only your video, because the women said I really should watch it. The rest I was just too creeped out."

"And nobody else saw it right?" Glad she was a bit back to herself again.

"Yes, nobody else. You know... I still got it?" I said with a naughty thought. 

"What!? Please delete it! I don't need that kind of embarrassment existing!"

"I don't know, I enjoyed it. Rewatched it a couple of times. I think we really should show it to some of the girls, help you find a playmate!"

"Please don't! Do you really want to do this? Me begging you? You blackmailing me?" She was looking at me with big puppy eyes, but she was actually fidgeting around! She was excited about the idea!

"Say the words Veronica!"

She was looking down, and murmured something. Then on the second try she gave in.

"Please don't show the video to anyone! I will do anything for you."

My dick jumped a little hearing those words. I felt bad for the blackmailing, but I was never gonna do it anyway, and I hope she knew that too. 

"I need you to come to my room tonight, and bring your two favourite sex toys. We are gonna have a fun night together then."

"You will brake me, I think."

After that we were interrupted by Yang. Thats going to be interesting. Veronica's smell was still in the air and she hadn't fixed her hair yet. The jumpsuit wasn't fully zipped, and a tissue as the final telltale sign. Yang stopped mid stride, then continued and set next to me on my other side. 

"Good morning. Is it early for breakfast yet?" She asked Veronica, breaking the awkwardness. 

Veronica jumped up and took Yang's order, and went to the kitchen preparing the meal. Once she was out of earshot Yang asked:

"I think I can smell her, Max. Did you do her already?" There wasn't any anger or poison in her words. Just curiosity.

"I pleasured her, if thats what you mean."

"Oh. Like me?"

"Not quite, I don't know yet if you like it that way yet." I knew anal isn't for everybody, so I kept my self back until the girls came forward with it. I smiled and turned to her finally. God her body was tight! Especially after Veronica's normal, average build. " Does it bother you?"

"It's weird...but I think I'm fine as long as I get some too." She said it with a hint of blush, which was highly unusual. 

"Meaning to ask: Do you want to spend every night with me now? I'm fine with it but, might get complicated if the others... well you know."

"If you start fucking the others? Sure, I wont try to make us exclusive." She said it with a smile. She didn't seem angry or poisonous. "But I do want repeats! Last night was fun! My grandmothers always said: the first time, I wont enjoy it, but I totally did!"

"Yeah, not that many women got to orgasm on their first go." I didn't see behind me, but Veronica came back with Yang's food. She was blushing too, probably heard us. Typical to Yang, she didn't show any embarrassment, and started to eat her bread vegetables and cold meat.

"Did you come the first time you had sex, Veronica?" I asked the Irish girl. I thought silent awkwardness wont help us here. She only murmured a "you know I did" and went back to the kitchen. That was fun.

"So you did do her!"

"Yeah, but 2 weeks ago only."

"So who else?"

"Well, fooled around with Sabella. But didn't 'do' her."

"You are surprisingly timid. I thought this ship would, become orgy express into 2 weeks."

"Oh, I wouldn't worry, some of the girls are almost there already."

I smiled, said my goodbye's and went on for my day. Prepared some light lunches, and a bigger dinner. Also did the usual evening exercise. That was fun! The girls were defiantly more playful now. Asking to show some particularly interesting poses, making them band over. I allowed my self to be more touchy too, running my fingers through thighs, backs, stomachs...I was in heaven to say the least. Luckily I didn't get any jealousy from anyone particularly. Looks like sex and romance is more and more in the air. I saw a lot more hand holdings and kisses, and general honeymoon phased couples.

I tried to note down who was with whom, but once I saw Sasha, Grace and Ashley all giving kisses to each other, I decided there is no point. I also got some alone time, so went in to the gym for some practice rounds, made sure mine was the top score, and than back to my room to take a shower. Veronica was late, so I read some, while I waited for her.

About 10 o'clock she knocked timidly, and I let her in. She was holding a small bag, and was blushing around, checking my room for the first time. 

"Wow your place is much better than ours! And you have your own bathroom!" She exclaimed, checking out all the features. " Is the captains room also this good?"

"It is exactly the same as mine. She even has the computer like mine. Only the bridge has these puppies." These computers were the best humanity could produce. Through them you could actually control the ship, ran multiple simulations at once, and even make complicated calculations, like plotting a course through a asteroid field.

"... I brought, what you asked." She said quietly. With that she produced a chrome vibrator from the bag, but I haven't seen one like this before. It was u shaped, one end felt smooth and silky, the other end a bit rougher, and actually was designed to push out a little, than back.

"Interesting, never seen one like this before."

"The model's name is Mirage. The smooth part is the vibrating part, that goes on to my clit... and the rougher part goes in me, and specifically designed to stimulate my g-spot. Best part about it you don't need your hand to use it, once you placed it in. Back home it didn't do it for everyone, but for me this is my favourite. It gets me from 0 to 100 in 2 minutes. Sometimes less." Veronica was blushing deeply, while saying this, but was also excited showing of her toy. Indeed I could imagine it being very efficient for a lot of woman.

"Cool! So where is the other one?" I made her bring two of her favourite toys, and the small bag was empty. I got a - what was to become my favourite thing about Veronica- big blush.

"It is already in use... it's my favourite butt plug." She was fidgeting a little when she said that. Lord this woman was amazing.

"Alright then, strip for me." She gave me her toy and started to undress, quite sheepishly, but still it got me to a semi-hard state already. I was sitting on the bad, when the jumpsuit was gone and only a cute thong with hearts on it stayed. For that she turned around, and bent over a little and pulled it down. And as she promised, in there was glistening again a heart shaped, white butt plug. This was going to be a fun night!

I stood up and undressed to, bit more unceremoniously. Enjoyed her, staring at my hard dick, while I appreciated her body too. She kept in good shape, after all I was the one who put her diet together, and looked after her exercise. Her breast medium size, smoothie skin with average build. Her red bush flaming at me. After a while she reached over, and gently took hold of my cock in one hand, and the other cupping my balls. 

"Before we departed I always fantasised about the real dick. You know back home real life-like dildos got really popular, to the extent of a complete ejaculation system, built in heater, even ones like auto adjusting for your vaginas size. Yours is just a little bigger, than the one that took shape at home."

"You left it?"

"Yeah I thought, why should I take it, when I will have the real thing with me." With that she kneeled down, and started lightly kissing my head. "You know I practiced a lot of fellatio, once I saw your picture, and read through your profile. You can practice, fucking with a toy and enjoy it. But sucking a dick is quite selfless, you know? Normally its not something you do alone, because it doesn't give you pleasure. But I wanted to be ready for you. I read so many articles, on how to do it. I wanted to pleasure you any way I could."

She took me in my mouth and steadily went down on me with no hands. I felt her throat, than passed that too. Soon I was literally balls deep in her mouth. It was the best feeling, so snug and warm and wet. Only slightly worse than an actual pussy. She started bobbing her had up and down, using her hands only on my balls. I could stayed like that forever. Soon though I changed things up. Told her to spread her legs and use the vibrator. I lied down on the bed and she went back to serving my dick. I heard a click and a slight buzzing noise started. She was quivering immediately.

Very soon she was shaking, and I heard a squelching noise, and with that she came, and she came hard. I don't think it was more the 3 minutes. She laid her head on my thighs and pulled out a wrenched vibrator. 

"Wow, you get this wet all the time?"

"Usually, when its hitting my g-spot. I need special sheets, if you are playing around there!"

"Noted. Let me get up."

I went to the drawer where I prepared the ropes, and I borrowed a ball gag from the equipment room earlier. "Now, little Veronica, I'm going to enjoy your body truly. Lie down on your back."

She was shaking actually, and couldn't produce a single word, while I secured her hands, quite tight to the bed's frame. I also spread her legs, pulled them up, and tied them to her secure hands. While I was doing this, she was shaking, moaning, her eyes showing a lot of lust, but also some fear. I didn't want to comfort her yet. A little fear did a lot to her lust in this position. Her pussy was literally dripping, both from the cum earlier, and the new situation. I put the ball gag into her mouth, but not before I kissed her deep. 

Whit her silenced somewhat, I started to feel her body up, playing with her nipples, even biting them lightly. My hands roamed her frame, her thighs, sometime circling around the butt plug, lightly touching her clit. With my mouth I started whispering things, and playing with her earlobe.

"You are mine! I will do this to you every week if I can help it. You will come to me obediently, and offer yourself to me. If I'm not here you will tie yourself down and wait, an entire night if you have to! And I will do all those things to you, which you fantasise about, and more!"

With that I positioned myself between her legs, and pushed in to a very wet pussy. She gave out a big moan, having a small orgasm. I didn't stop, started pumping with quite the force. She was shaking, and drooling constantly. Her pussy gave quite the wet sounds, and it was gripping and pulsating around my dick. I felt the butt plug lightly pushing back at me through her walls.

She was in heaven, her eyes glazed and unfocused. After a while, when she wasn't orgasming constantly, I reached for the vibrator, and place it over her clit. I slowed down a little bit, and put a pillow under her ass. This way, my dick was hitting her g-spot constantly. I turned on the chrome toy, and she jumped, tried to get away but couldn't. I was very close but tried to held back as long as possible. 

Once I saw her eyes turn up, and a very big moan started from her, I blasted her inner walls. She had a huge orgasm, all wet, and drooling from both her mouth and her pussy, shaking, not thrashing, trying to get away from the toy. I spared her, and turned it off. Her muscles were spasming everywhere, gripping my dick. It was amazing for both of us. I pulled out of her, and a lot of juices drilled down coating her butt plug and asshole. I finally untied her, and took the ball gag away. She just cuddled up to me, occasionally spasming a little, and sighing a lot. After a while she fell asleep. I quickly, but as gently I could, cleaned her sex with tissues, as well as myself, and went to sleep. We both had a very long and satisfying rest.

*********

Thanks for reading this chapter. By the end of it I decided where I will take this story, and have a general plan, on how to continue. Hopefully wont be many delays.

Cheers!