 First story so please, send feedback! Also this chapter is slower, but it will get better later on!

~

I was already special when I was born. I didn't have any special abilities or skills or anything like that. Simply because I was born as a man. At the year 2080 there was the Event, the way we call it now. A mutant attacked our planet. A bacterium that could produce millions of viruses. For whatever reason it only attacked the male population, and killed most of it. Not just humans, but animals too. As you can imagine, only a handful of farm animals and other, ecologically important animals were saved.

Only 5 men survived. 2 European, a Chinese and 2 African-american. Pretty good selection if you ask me. Scientists say they were somehow immune, although how, it's still unknown. Something regarding DNA and red blood cells not carrying the viruses.

The first few weeks were full on panic mode. A full female council was formed, whose job was to assess situation, and assure the continuum of civilization. At that time humanity was still bound to earth mostly, and the Solar system. Although we just barely discovered hyper-lanes. A way to travel system-to-system in much higher speed than the light. Only one automated scout plane was sent out to the closest star system, before the Event. 4 others to other systems with much longer journey.

Brutal laws and decisions were to be made. Farming had to be supported as well as energy production. After all Hong Kong, Berlin, New York won't power themselves. They took those 5 men, and spread them equally around the world.

My father was sent to Berlin, the centre of Europe. He had a very comfortable life in a mansion, with a staff and 10 woman rotating every 2 weeks to be impregnated. These women had to go through full medical examination, including fertility and compatibility with the man. DNA and psychological tests were conducted. Every woman had to go through these tests, no matter what. One of those women, was my mother Eva. 

She was already married to Anna, my other mother. The way I understand. they were together before the Event, but unfortunately Anna couldn't bear a child. Still they understood what was their duty, and Eva went for that 2 weeks when she was called. 

When I was born, I was the 65th male child, and the 144th child overall. We lived in the former Hungary, Budapest. Anna was Russian while Eva was Hungarian. I should remind the reader, at that point nations were gone for 20 years and we were the Human Republic.

I had a comfortable, peaceful life mainly because the government gave us everything we needed. I understood that pretty much I was the only boy in Europe. I think there was one in Berlin, not sure though, never met him. I didn't go to preschool or kindergarten, but received some, very good home teachers. But I did join high school in the former Austria, Vienna. With magnetic ships using the Earth's magnetic field, it took me to get to Vienna from Budapest 10 minutes.

It was eye opening to finally meet girls my age. Most of the games I played, and movies/cartoons I watched were all specifically chosen for me, so I would understand the human male's role in history. How to act manly or decisive. It was already sexist, but humanity couldn't afford a boy to grow into a gay man. Even though they had zero problem with it. This is 2080. Humanity was long past racism, or nationalism. But this was about survival and not complicated ideas like the above.

I had my first sexual experience, when I was about 14. Maybe 15. Remember this is Europe, the age restriction is a bit lighter. Nikki was her name. A very petite girl even at that time. She was a real tomboy and she was my best friend. One afternoon, after weeks of not meeting each other, her parents had gone for a vacation in summer break, and she stayed at our house. We decided to see each other naked. There was nothing sexual, only curiosity. We blushed and examined each other, but that was it. 

Years past, me quickly becoming the popular kid in school. Me being the only boy pretty much on the continent, and Nikki my friend. For others, she was a kind, helpful person to talk to, who never backed down from a fight and she was, always loyal to her friends. 

It was our 18th birthday when we finally spent the night with each other. We never really cared about the age or anything like that. But that birthday was special to us, and at that point we had access to the internet. Well only me. The higher ups wanted me to look at all the porn that they approved, not the garbage that filled the internet before. But more educational I guess? I was more than happy to share it with Nikki. We were curious and we experimented. Unfortunately it only lasted for a month or so. That's when we received the news from the asteroid.

G84F they called it, or for the public, Helena asteroid. It's not enough that humanity barely survived one apocalypse, now we had to deal with another one. Scientists guessed that it would take the asteroid 3 years to reach the planet, give or take. Humanity's survival was very questionable, if Helena hit earth.

Pravaas was announced, migration in Hindi. The government decided that Earth was lost and we should send out Seed ships. One male and as many young and healthy women on a colony ship as we can afford. Only one guy stayed, in case they survived the hit.

I was chosen to be sent out on the seed ship called Leben, or life in German. Our objective was Tau Ceti star system. Quite far, even with FTL, faster than light travel. Estimated travel time was 6 YEARS! I was shocked, but I understood. Training began in less than a month. They brought me to the former Switzerland. A number of women was assigned to me as teachers. 6 to be specific. 

My goodbye with Nikki was hard. Later, I learned, that she started to use any kind of method to enhance her fertility she could find. Hoping to bear my child. This was only sent to me months later, after we departed. She tried to get pregnant no matter what. But the times were different, and I had a duty to perform, no matter how ridiculous it sounds. 

Because I didn't show any particular skills and profession, they trained me as the ship's cook, sheriff, and diplomat. Cook, because I had interest in food. Sheriff, because I had a good physic and morality. And diplomat, because I was pretty good with words and understanding people. At that time we didn't met the aliens before, but they wanted to cover as much ground as possible. I was legally allowed to negotiate on behalf of humanity. Ironic really since I could blow up a person's head from 100 meters with a simple side arm pistol.

My training began immediately. My teachers were all very good. But I should mention Barbara. She was my Diplomacy and Erotics teacher. Yeah, most of the time, we just screwed around. 

She was a 41 year old ambassador. Tall women, with dyed blond hair and pierced nipples. Very thin, with no boobs to speak of. The first time I met her she was really kind and friendly. Our first class was a week later, where she checked my historical knowledge. The second class was way more interesting. Her job was to teach me the art of bed gymnastics, the way she called it.

We met in the evening, in the lounge, with a fully stacked bar. This is Europe. Being 18 is more than enough to drink in most former countries and cultures. I tried for the first time Amaretto - highly recommend it - and got a pleasant buzz.

"So Max," Barbara said, as she took a swing from her drink "How much experience do you have, regarding the ladies?" she asked with a grin on her face. 

"I guess not much. I have only been with one girl, and even that was more exploration, than anything else."

"Hmm, that's interesting, because I thought you were a virgin. Did you enjoy it?" She looked into my eyes without blinking and me blushing.

"Absolutely. She was amazing and I think I impressed her as well".

"Interesting, that you phrased it that way. Did you care, about her enjoying it"?

"Of course. Otherwise what's the point? I mean sure humanity's survival and all that." She snorted at me! 

"That's a good way to think young man. Why don't we go up to your room? You know exactly what do I have to teach you tonight."

To clarify, we were in a 5 star hotel, that was recommissioned just for me and my training. I think it's name was Four Seasons? Or something like that. She reached for my hand and led me to the elevator. We went up to the presidential suit, my room, and I let her in. It had a king size bed, with all the entertainment system you could imagine. A jacuzzi, a shower and a simple 2 person bath in the bathroom, and a private study/office. 

Barbara led me to the bed and made me sit down on it. She started to take her clothes off, starting with her light blue blouse. She wasn't wearing any bra. Her breasts were so small that they didn't need it anyway. I didn't mind though. Her pierced nipples were already erect and quiet big. I liked how her lower abdomen was formed into a slight V shape. I wanted to reach out and touch her everywhere! But she just pushed my hand away, hissing 

"There will be a time for that!"

She turned around and started to peel off her black short shorts very slowly, revealing a skin-colored G-string, something I have never seen before. I liked how her cheeks trapped the string. I couldn't hold myself and reached for those small, but very firm buttocks. Later on I realized, I liked a woman's ass with more fat and a bit bigger, but at that time, I was completely lost in her.

Couldn't hold back again and went in for a sniff and a good lick on her covered pussy. To my delight she gasped, reached back and pressed my face to her crotch while she was bending. 

"Hmmm... good boy. I think, I have a great student already." 

She kept on holding my face, until she pushed me back, and pulled her panties down, if you can call them that. She turned around and started undressing me too. Jeans, a shirt and boxers went flying, immediately socks following them.

"Nice! Good length, girth and a slight arch. You're going to make a lot of girls happy with this cock, my padawan."

Padawan? I guessed she referenced some kind of story or movie with that one? I didn't care, as she was leaning in for my first blowjob with her tiny mouth. She took me in immediately, and started sucking on my dick's head.

Her tongue darting out and caressing me constantly, but lightly. I thought this was the best sensation already, when she started to bob her head, me going deeper and deeper in her mouth. All I could think of was: I need more! The feeling was incredible and she kept me sucking, and not letting go. When I finally looked up, I saw a thin woman between my legs, looking up at me, her small but shapely ass sticking out. 

Her brownish, with some small green eyes and her mouth smiled at me, and I just couldn't take it anymore. Literally I blasted into her mouth. She swallowed everything I got to offer. She seemed to be happy about it, and even moaned during my orgasm.

When I was finished, she gave my cock a few kisses, then climbed up to me and laid on my shoulders, a leg over my thighs.