 Whow, it was a long time ago since I even wrote a single word down, sorry about that, kinda lost motivation, but here is me getting back to it!

Cheers!

*********

Next few weeks went by relatively fast, with normal daily routine, nothing really exciting happening. Yang, didn't approached me after that night again, which I was initially worried about at first. Was she regretting her decision? Maybe she just wants to take it slowly. Either way I was out of play pals again. Neither Veronica and Hope, or Gala and Sabella gave me signs that they resolved the issues between the three of us.

Did not mind it though there was plenty work to do, with the cooking and yoga lessons, general problems that came up, getting them solved. If you worked with a smaller company that has less strict policy's, problems come up everyday, that needs to be decided. It was just like that: getting the food tanks working more optimal. Preventing the big jungle that provides oxygen to the ship, getting on fire, because a few trees started to grow too close to the artificial sun lights. 

Had to take our first space walk, because we noticed an anomaly on the ships hull! That was fun, enjoyed the zero gravity, the absolute silence, only broken by my breathing. Luckily the problem was just a faulty sensor, that got replaced quickly. But thanks to that, I got to spend some nice time in the changing rooms and have a romantic space walk with one of the engineers. Ashley the Aussie. 

Loved the accent from the get go, but her personality was what won me over. Super cheery (to some, to the annoying point) , always seems happy and optimistic. She was short barely reaching the 160 cm, and super thin. If I wouldn't personally manage everyones diet, I would think she is anorexic. But I check regularly, she always cleans her plate, and overall does not self starve. Still she was super thin, no boobs to speak of what so ever, and a nice smallish bubble butt. Got to see her changing for the space walk, and I still felt aroused looking at her, in a thin jumpsuit, on which the actual suit goes on. 

The whole time she was chatty and even flirty a bit. Holding my hands while we walked out, remarking the incredible view, telling this is like a first date. Replacing the sensor, take only 10 minutes, so we stayed behind and enjoyed the spectacular show that was happening around us. Far Far in the distance we still saw the Sun, getting smaller and smaller. We already couldn't see Earth, and if everything went right we would officially leave the solar system in a week. Communication with Earth remained stable with just a 10 minute delay if we went live. We would receive messages from relatives and friends, and Central Command would advise us on everything based on the reports the Leben sent automatically. 

The situation back home was getting depressing. Finally they told the public there wont be anymore seed ships. We were the last one to send out, unable to finish Solokov-1 in time, next one after Leben. Surprisingly there weren't any uprising or riots. The world didn't stop, some women still kept working, others took up the chance and started travelling and touristing. Most of the places visited, wont stand a chance surviving. The government realised the need and kept travel expenses lower so anybody could do a little trip at least. Asteroid Helena will hit earth in 1 month and 2 weeks and 3 days. Of course there was a counter. Probably 2.8 billion women and one men will die in less than 24 hours after the hit, if the predictions are correct. 

They didn't tell the public, but they started building a giant underground city or bunker if you like, in Australia (furthest place from where the meteorite will hit). They will put as many healthy women there including Tom, the last men on earth and the government. Fully supplied for at least two century, it was the last hope for survival. Of course there were other plans like, shooting every single missile at the asteroid humanity could provide. And they will do it ,if they find consensus, but they say it will only make problems worse. 

Actually, the Leben was also going to fly near the asteroid, in a week, taking crucial readings about it, sending it back home. Maybe the asteroid will be smaller, or it will be hollow inside, or made of different material, making it lighter. Anything! Anything that could give hope, a slight chance to survive. 

So here I was with Ashley, standing almost at the end of the ship in magnetised boots in our space suits, looking for an invisible earth to the naked eye, as if home is already blown up. I think I heard some sniffs from her, and couldn't help but feel emotional too. Either way if earth survives, or not, we will never return to it. With that note, I turned to Ashley, grabbed her, and we started to get back inside. 

"Come, on. Lets get two large beers, it is the end of our shift"

"Sure thing boss. Anyway, I was meaning to ask..." She started shyly, with a mischievous smile, half way back "Have you had sex with anyone yet?"

"Why, are you offering?" I asked half jokingly half hoping. "My bedroom door is always open!"

That got her chuckle a little but she dropped the conversation as we went through the airlock. I got to admire her tight little body again, this time her actually making a show of undressing. But that was it, after getting dressed we went straight to the bar. Went behind the bar and started pouring our own crafted beer. It was always perfect but sometimes the farmers experimented with them: this time it had a slight taste of lemon, guessing added in the process. My chef mind already started thinking about possible recipes for tomorrow's lunch.

Poured two large ones, and set one before Ashley. Soon we started to chat again, finding out she was 19, lived and trained in Sydney, only got to Europe 2 weeks before departure. Said goodbye to her family, and girlfriend and went with us. She was the main engineer, thus making all the hard choices when it come to day to day problems. I didn't noticed before but she actually was stressed already. Took a note to discuss it with Gala later. 

She also mentioned her roommate Mira, how they basically only sleep in the same room and thats about the only thing happening between the two of them. I guess not getting any sex, or intimacy and having a lot of stress from the job got to her. Still she was constantly smiling, never actually complaining. I admired her strength, she was a really good addition to the team. 

We were interrupted, by Veronica and Yeng joining us, ordering from the new beer. Soon others arrived too and I was busy tending the bar. Once everybody settled in and basically only Emily the captain, 2 of the engineers, and Mira the farmer was on duty. Everybody was having a good time, chatting, lightly drinking, playing small party games. Overall having a positive experience. Soon though they were leaving to bed, slowly the crowd getting thinner. Only the twins and one of the European girl, Sasha stayed, not having early shifts.

"I'm telling you, we are actually having the real Mona Lisa in our cargo hold. Why having keeping it dusty in the corner if we could hang it here in the bar, where most smiles are happening?" Obviously Sasha got too much to drink, but I did noticed she was light weight regarding booze.

I sighed, this was the point where I stepped in to the conversation.

"We can't, otherwise we will shorten the lifespan of the painting. Everybody will be disappointed in us!"

"What nobody knows, will hurt nobody!"

Okay, so Sasha, she was never considered stupid, or idiot... but she is kinda care free? Not in the bad or ironic way. Really, she is a sweet girl, with always good intentions, just simply always forgetful? Seriously ask her about plants and she can go for hours, even on the atomic levels. Anything else than that, you might have a handful of a girl. Both mentally and physically! She is the curviest woman on board! Breasts that you could loose yourself, yet having the perfect hip to ass ratio. Blond hair that goes forever. The whole woman screams bimbo, and it gets reinforced by her personality too. Just less annoying. Well most of the times.

"Okay, what about this: we put up the Mona Lisa at the bar, and we put a dumb reason in the log like, 'We feared the painting will be more damaged if not put under constant light.' Thats believable right?" Sasha was looking at me with cute, hopeful eyes.  

"I'm pretty sure thats not how it works. The painting will get worse if we put it out. Also, we are not changing the logs!" It was Grace who jumped in this time.

"Honestly, I don't think we should keep the original one for the future. It is the most known painting in our history, mostly because its mysterious, most people never actually saw it. We should put it out!" Everybody was surprised by Hope, the other Latina twins comment. " What? I never saw it either in real life! And I think it should do good for the morale!" It was easy to see, that she was embarrassed, than I remembered how much drinks she had.

This was getting out of hand. I don't stop this right know, we will end up with a deteriorated painting by the end of the journey!

"Okay what if, we make engineering put up a realistic holo? It's expensive and will take some time and materials but, we could do it!" Hopefully that idea was a good enough compromise.

"NO!" Is all I got from ALL 3 girls. Honestly I was taken back by the sheer resistance. "Really Grace? Even you"

"Well, it's either all or nothing, really!" Grace had changed her mind! I always had the impression Hope was the dominant one between the sisters, but I did read through her file. She always followed her sisters, no matter what. Even sacrificing her freedom of choice and happiness. On one occasion she broke up with her girlfriend, just because Hope did not like her. I heard a gossip that Hope is deciding how her twin sister Grace is dressing everyday! Rumour, that is all... still, enough to make a mental note.

"The painting is priceless! You want to have it ruined, by putting it up here, where we cant provide, the right light to not damage it, and thus probably loose it, before our children could even see it?" I was a bit angry, and I don't even know why really.

The last part of the sentence changed the mood though. The twins got embarrassed and looked away. Sasha though was taken back, then got angry and disgusted, then back to her normal self. I barely noticed, but later watched the security cams and confirmed it. She was disgusted by the idea of getting pregnant! That was a huge problem IF it was true. Nothing wrong if you don't want children, but when you are one of the 15 girls who have to restart humanity...not a good trait to have! Central made sure to recruit girls who LOVED the idea of becoming a mother. Not just simply tolerated it.

"Anyway, it's not our decision. Do you want me to ask the captain and the rest of the farmers? Sasha, you are not permitted to bring this up until I talk to them. Probably until 48 hours passed at least. I can't have you influence them with your womanly charms!" I decided to give up the painting. It keeps the crew happier, our children won't miss much. (Really, have you seen the painting? It's smaller than you imagine, and less impressive, in my opinion.) "I will bring this up, and we will have a vote. Just don't come to me crying if you don't get it!"

"YESSS!" That's all I got from them.

I called last call, cleaned up after the girls, and left the bar. I had a lot on my mind after today. I had Ashley who was open to me and kinda clingy, now that I look back our past interactions. I had Sasha's weird negative reaction to pregnancy, and her destructive idea of putting the Mona Lisa up in the bar, and potentially ruining the painting. It was already in a bad shape, needed constant restorations. It was also interesting seeing Grace the submissive twin, show zero thought of what happened her catching me, balls deep in her girlfriend. The memory just made me remember Veronica, Hope's girlfriend, her tight pussy. It made me remember, how long ago I had some. 

I got back to my room, and went for the shower. I spent more time in there, than I should have, but it felt amazing. Did all the necessary check up on my implants too. Can't afford them starting to malfunction, not for at least until we land on our new home. 

I had implants in my brain, heart, balls and legs. Each for it's specific reason: Head is for a mini computer, that could translate for me, make calculations, being a communicator, and overall a interface for most of the ship. The one in my heart is to make sure I stay healthy, pumping me full with antibiotics if I get sick. The ones in my balls is obvious: they make sure I shoot blanks for the moment, but once we land they will do the opposite and push my potency. The ones in my legs are more like a enhancement again, like in my head. Burning off excess fat, strengthen my muscles all over my body. So far I only used the ball implants. There was no need for the others. 

Getting back to the bedroom, again I was greeted by seeing Yeng on my bed. Me naked again, this time though she wasn't shy about the situation. Without saying a word she got up, and started undressing. I liked her body. Very fit, hard and smooth, she was an exercise junky after all. She walked up to me and kissed me. She took control and pushed me down on the bed. I couldn't take my hands off of her even if I wanted. Liked every curve, secret spot on her body. I was so entranced I didn't notice her aligning my cock, and starting sitting down on me. 

I heard the sharp inhale, than felt it. I broke through her virgin pussy, felt surprisingly light resistance, yet she was fitting me like a glove. I pulled her down and hugged her, kissing her neck, and not moving in her at all. I waited for her to move first. 

Which was quite a while. Whenever she felt me to start getting soft, she would reach back and stroke my balls or the base of my dick. She was feeling emotional, and she wanted to feel the moment longer I guess? Or the pain was a bit more than I thought? Eventually she started little movements at first, than doing half up and downs. Soon she was bouncing on me fully, but I noticed she was grimacing sometimes. I realised she was still feeling the pain, yet she surprised me by pulling out a clit vibrator. 

Turning it on she put it to her crotch, and stopped bouncing. Instead she started to grind her crotch to mine, and soon she was shivering and quivering on top of me. The amazing feelings, her quite but sexy moans, and her firm tits was enough for me. She started to shake really hard, and I felt her pussy convulse around me. I shoot up her really hard, filling her to the point where my cum was leaking out. Turning off the vibrator, she fell on me again, panting in my ear, stroking my hair. 

"Thank you." She said, which to I could only chuckle.

"You telling me? That was amazing! Did it hurt much?" I tried to show concern. Her grimace was not pleasant to see.

"At first, yeah. Once the vibrator came out it was better though. Even managed to cum a little."

"Good lord woman, that was a little orgasm? Can't wait to see the good ones!"

She only blushed, and got off me. She reached for the tissues on the night stand and gave me some too. Soon we realised it wasn't enough, and we quickly rinsed in the shower. She was super embarrassed about the mess her body made, mostly the blood. My response was just simply kissing her, and taking her back to the bad. We tucked in, cuddled and basically passed out.

**********

Thanks for the patience, I already noticing my style in writing is changing, hope not getting too much worse. Wont promise when the next episode is coming out!