 Still new to this! Tried to respond to the feedback too. But, English is only my 4th language so please, forgive me and any grammar issues. 

-

She sighed happily. 

"You know it was a long time ago since I swallowed a load. I'm not that into blowjobs, but goddamn, that was hot."

We laughed quietly, not wanting to ruin the moment. I tried to touch her, caress her, explore her everywhere. We would lay like that, for 15 minutes maybe, when I decided to reciprocate. 

I turned her on her back and started to go down on her. I was so inexperienced. I didn't try to kiss her anywhere, just going straight to her clit, thinking I'm gonna impress her. Luckily she was patient with me, and more importantly, she didn't had much expectations. For now at least. She seemed to be enjoying my work on her.

She was starting to touching my head, when I was going more aggressive on her clit. Gasping when my tongue entered her pussy. Moaning when my finger intruded her asshole. I went for 10 minutes, I think, when she simply pulled me up with one of her hands, and with the other, she pulled me in her. She wasn't as tight as Nikki, but she was way more active, wet and vocal, pushing against me.

"Yesss! That's it Max! Slow but hard and decisive. A lot of girls like it that way."

I tried to follow her instructions. Trying to keep kissing her on the mouth or the neck. Sometimes, even the ears. Trying to remember all those porn, and erotic stories. I was groping her ass constantly. She started to gasp again, whispering encouraging words to me, to go on, to change my movement and angle so I could go deeper.

As much as I'm embarrassed about it, I didn't last long. I started filling her pussy almost immediately. She just smiled happily, I think.

"Ahhhh, finally!" Stroking my head, as she said. "Tomorrow, you are gonna have to do much better though!"

I was just laying on top of her panting, promising her I will do better. We settled in for the night and I fell asleep immediately. Later on, after we departed Earth, she sent me her diary. In that she rode, that it was much better, than she wanted to let me on. But she had to maintain a serious relationship. And so she kept it from me how much she enjoyed our time together.

Next morning I awoke next to a woman for the first time in my life. She was so warm, I didn't wanted to let go of her. I hugged her body even firmer. But we had, or more precisely I had, classes to attend to.

"Hello, Lover boy!" Barbara smiled at me. Then she slowly flung her body on top of me.

"I thought we would sneak in a little training this morning, before you go."

She started to kissing me, groping my already hard dick, writhing her body on me. She was a masterful seducer! Almost immediately she pushed her cunt down on me, and we both groaned. She was so warm and wet! Soon the dirty language came out. 

"That's it boy, feel that pussy! Do you like it? How warm it is? How wet it is?" She started to ride me, groping me, and grabbing my hand, and placing it on her non-existent boobs. 

"Tell me you love these! They are so small, but also so sensitive!"

She started to moan and groan really loud now. I was already in heaven, but something was not right. I wanted to be in control! I placed both my hands on her ass, and started to lift her up and down. She only stared wide eyed, and started to scream, and convulsing. She collapsed on me and hugged me, while I kept thrusting into her, until I shoot a load in her pussy. We lay that way for a time, until we heard a knock on our door.

"Sir, your first cooking lesson is about to begin!" Said a high pitched voice.

"Okey, I will be out in 10 minutes!" I shouted, and we heard, as the women walked away from our door.

"So, I guess this is goodbye for now. But, tonight I will meet you again after all your programs, and teach you, how to eat a pussy properly!"

She smiled and get up from me. She dressed in her blue blouse and black shorts, but throw her g-string at me!

"Keep it in your pocket! Every time you remember me, smell it! That's a teacher's order!" She winked at me and left the room. I smelled the thong, and it was filled with her scent.

I chuckled, got dressed, and went down to the kitchen for my first class: cooking.

The Indian master chef, Ashan was waiting for me in the kitchen. She was one of the best chefs in the world, even, before the Event. She was tasked, to teach me how to cook for 15 people. Mostly she was skilled with the asian and french cuisine. Her sous chef, Amanda, was covering more western and hispanic recipes. I learned everything, to be learned about cooking.

I had a fun time with Amanda once, when we were send to the greenhouse to collect vegetables. I noticed she was staring at me with glazed eyes a lot of times. Other times flirting with me. Even though she was more of a plump, curvy woman, I found her kind face attractive. With brown hair, which she always wore in a ponytail, and brownish eyes, that streamed warm feelings to me. I fantasized many times, about her. She was the perfect next-door girl.

When we entered the greenhouse, she started to bend down from the waist, to pick some vegetables. I knew she was inviting me, and I didn't hesitate. I tucked up her skirt, and pulled her tong sideways. Took my dick out and plunged into her pussy. She gasped, but she was so wet, tight and welcoming. 

She braced herself against the building frame, and took me completely. I think this was the first time, I actually fucked a woman. Looking at her nice and shapely ass, with tan lines, I just lost control. Grabbing her hard by the waist, not caring if she enjoyed it or not, I just couldn't stop thrusting into her hard and fast.

She was such a sweet, next door girl. I wanted to corrupt her. I didn't last long either, just shot everything, I had into her. When we were done I felt guilty. I watched her dressing up, while I was doing the same. I just couldn't hold back, and said:

"Sorry, I was so rough..."

"Don't worry about it! It was exactly, what I needed! If we ever end up here alone again, I want you to take me like that again. Or anywhere else. Promise me please?"

She was looking at me with such sweet eyes, I couldn't say no. We went back to the kitchen smiling like idiots, but not caring.

-

Thank you, for your patience! The longer I write, the more I develop the plot, and the more action is coming! I only wish to get rid of this curse, called the grammar... 

I'm looking for an editor!