 Sorry for the delay, but the next week I'm traveling, and there will be more time between episodes!

- 

Only two days has passed, since the awkward interaction with Gala. The crew was finally comfortable and settled in on the ship. As the only male, I got the biggest room. With a small private shower and a toalett! Only Emily, the captain got that kind of privilege. Everybody else had to share the big communal bathroom. 

The crew was placed into rooms by two, with one big bed. Don't know what was the point of that, but they quickly sorted themselves out, and in less than the first hour of our journey everybody was paired up, except me and Emily of course. Finally the ship was to our liking, everything was working 100%, and daily routine was established. I spent most of my time in the kitchen, cooking two times a day, sometimes three. 

There were no other real injuries, so Gala the doctor, the small thai girl, avoided me as much as possible. It wasn't that obvious, in fact, I think nobody noticed it, besides me! But at that point the crew was still at the getting to know each other phase.

Twice a week, at the evening, I held the yoga sessions. Well, evening by the internal clock. It was great! All these young girls in sports bras and short shorts, bending over and showing off all their curves and body parts. Still, it was for the crew's health, so I took it seriously, and kept them training properly. Sometimes I took one or two girls, and had them work extra time in the gym. Mostly it was random, other times when I noticed someone was falling behind. 

I guess, I should talk about the crew more? 15 girls all above the age of 18. Yet I was the oldest, with my whooping 23 years. 

5 girls, including Sabella, were the engineers, whose job was to maintain the ship. Repairs, maintenance, everything really that needed attention on the ship. 

We had Gala, of course as the doctor and head of Biology, and me being the nurse and mainly the physiotherapist/cook. Then there were the 3 Pilots: Emily, Sabrina and Hannah, Emily being the captain of the ship. They spent most of their time on the bridge in rotations. The bridge was never left empty, even though it was mostly automated.

We had 3 farmers or gardeners, whose job was mainly to attend the crops and the jungle up top. But they were also the artists of the ship. They maintained all the physical art work on the ship. We carried some Rembrandt and Dali paintings, some original poetry, and hard-copy music. The rest of humanities culture was carried digitally.

I had a replacement as well. Veronica's job was the same as mine, when I was off duty. She was this lovely irish girl. Thin and of course real ginger with freckles. Surprisingly though we met each other the least amount of time, even though we basically did the same work on the ship. 

And then we had the latina twins of course: Grace and Hope. Yeah, the parents already named them like they knew their future. They were the science nerds! They had the least amount of work on the ship, but they had the biggest responsibility once we landed. They had to teach all our kids, examine our new home, and overall the smart and wise observers of our trip. They also acted as my advisors in case of a diplomatic exchange. Let it be human or something else!

Finally, the first two week passed, and I still haven't had sex with any of the girls! Well besides that one time with Sabella, playing around. But I was getting frisky, with all the yoga sessions, and overall only female interactions? I tried to restrain myself, saying to myself, I will have plenty of time for that kind of fun! But biology took over me. So in one of the evenings I sought out Veronica.

As I said the picture perfect irish girl. Average height, thin and smaller boobs. I found her in the bar and recreation room, drinking red wine, alone. God bless the engineers back on Earth, for a fully stacked bar for years! We could also produce alcohol ourselves if needed. 

"Hey Ronnie!" I said hello happily, but walked to her with intent.

"Hey! What's up? Do you wanna talk about next week's menu?" She was always so concentrated on her job. "Also I think we should look into the crab tank. Somehow the quality is not to my liking!"

I cursed at myself, and made a mental note to have one of the engineers look into it.

"Ok, I will send one of the crafters to look into it tomorrow."

I poured some sake for myself, and we sat in silence for a few moments. I was always bad at approaching women the frisky way. I guess, I should just say whatever I want?

"Otherwise, do you like it here so far?" I asked.

"Yeah, sure... Hope has been keeping me company every night so far!" She had this grin that was so satisfied. I knew they were paired up and shared their bedroom, but didn't know they were that close already!

"And with the others? Do you like them? Any dramas I should know?" This was more of a professional question. I did have the responsibility to keep the girls at ease. Have them working together. Although, it was more of a secret job.

"Nothing really... Hope, surprised me, but everyone else was a sweetheart really."

"Surprised you how?" 

At this point I noticed she had quite the flush on her skin, and when I asked this, she went full red! My best guess this wasn't her first glass of wine tonight. The dark red liquid also looked mean, very strong stuff. 

"She has this amazing talent to lick my...." She blushed deeply and took a heavy swing from her wine.

"To lick what?" I asked grinning. We were already, on the right path!

"Nothing!"

"As commander of this vessel, I demand an answer!" I only played the authority part, didn't take it seriously. I even tried it to be less serious as it sounded. 

"Yeah? Is it gonna be like that every time, I wanna have a secret?" She asked looking up at me. I think, I actually saw real concern in her eyes. 

"No! But, how will I know, how to give you an easy orgasm otherwise? Well, of course unless I command you to my chamber every night!" I was such a schmuck! Being the egoistic man.

While saying that, I reached for her thighs, and started to grope her, as if she was mine.

"So tell me, where and how she licks you, that you like it so much?"

And with that, I started to touch her clit gently, through her black jumpsuit. We sat there for a few moments, her intently looking into my eyes and grasping my hand, while I grinned like a stupid idiot, feeling her up. Eventually she half moaned, half whispered something.

"What was that Ronnie?"

"My asshole! I love it when she plays with it!" 

She finally spit it out! Her face was dark red, looking at me, scanning my face. I think she was afraid, I would find her disgusting or something like that. 

Suddenly, I stood up and pulled her with me. In the bar we had this huge sofa for bigger gatherings. I stopped her right before it and reached in front of her. I started to unzip her jumpsuit, and revealing her firm, freckled skin. 

Her whole chest and cleavage was filled with them, as I looked over her shoulder. Her small, but very firm breasts were delicious. I wanted to kiss them, hold them, but tonight I had another part of her body in mind. She was so surprised I guess that she didn't move. I was trailing kisses down her back, when finally I reached her asscheeks.

Nikki always said to me: No panties, No problems. Ronnie seemed to share the same idea.

Anyway, Veronica just stood there awkwardly, but seemingly enjoying my administrations. Finally I arrived at her inappropriate hole. Without a hesitation, I had my first, but many big licks. She was a bit salty, guessing she didn't had a chance to shower today yet. I loved it nonetheless. 

I made her bent over by the waist, and started to be thorough, first with her asshole, than with her pussy. Than I remembered what she had admitted to me, and went back to her backdoor. At this point I noticed she was still quiet. Nothing wrong with that, but I wanted to hear her high pitched voice. 

So I put my tongue at her asshole, and started to push rather hard. I popped in, and that's, when I heard her gasp. Then she started to shook in orgasm. I felt so lucky at the moment. This girl was already a sweetheart, and she loves anal play. And she can cum that easily!

I kept my tongue firmly, but still at her hole. She plopped down on the sofa, and I went after her, and held her for a while. She was panting and I was hugging and embracing her as much as I could. I had this warm and homely vibe suddenly! I don't think it was really a feeling of love, but we definitely connected. Or to be more precise she opened to me. 

After some time, she got up and got between my legs. She had these lustful eyes that could kill a weak hearted man. She unzipped my black jumpsuit and helped me out of it. Off went my tight boxers, and without a thought she took me into her mouth. I couldn't even gasp, before she tried to go full deepthroat on me. But this was her first cock. and she gagged immediately. 

She coughed, spat, and before I could apologize, she went back with haste. She was this crazed maniac, who tried to deepthroat me every 2 stroke. Eventually she managed to do it, and it was heaven. Her throat massaging me completely. Only a pussy is better than that feeling. 

With that thought, I took her head and pulled her up. Without a question, she climbed up on me, and again just like with her throat, she plunged herself down on my cock. I went into her almost fully on the first stroke!

"AHHHH" She screamed and not in a good way. I tried to pull her up on my cock so she wouldn't hurt herself further, but she just kept pushing down.

"Please... I need it... I need the pain...and the pleasure!" She whispered into my ear, and started to rock back and forth.

Her voice was so innocent and desperate. In my whole life, I thought, pain was bad. And yet, here was this girl, asking me to be rough, to not hold back. She was enjoying pain, which to me was impossible.

I am ashamed, but I was already lost in Ronnie. Her cunt, sweat, skin, voice. I couldn't stop myself and started to plunge up as hard, and fast as I could. I was grabbing her ass, and I pushed one finger into her asshole, not caring if she was lubricated enough or not. That was more than enough for her, and she started to thrash on me. 

To this day, she is still one of my favourite girl. When she cums, it's like thousands of gentle, silk covered fists grip my cock. Couldn't even hold back and blasted into her cunt. We were hugging each other, and it felt perfect. We could only grasp and lay there for minutes, enjoying the hugs, kisses, and caresses.

Of course Hope, her partner, had to just walk in at that moment.