 This novella is intended for adult readers only. The content is sexually explicit and intended for mature readers (18+). 

*****

A heavy shock hit her chest. Sitting up quickly, she began heaving and coughing in an uncontrollable fit. As she blinked her eyes, she could see her coughing was much more than just air. Each time her chest heaved reflexively, a stream of pink viscous liquid shot from her mouth. Her arms flew forward in a panic with her fingers extended outward. She probed for something to hold onto. Her hands quickly found the smooth rounded edges of the tub. Grabbing it she flexed her arms as she leaned forward, gagging on the fluid being ejected from her lungs. Looking down she could see her body had been submerged in the same pink fluid that she was coughing up. As she blinked, she realized the world was rose tinted because her face and her entire body were covered in this stuff. 

A soothing male voice next to her said slowly, "Easy, easy now, you've only just woken up. Coughing is perfectly natural. It's the way your body works to expel the oxygen infused liquid nutrient." 

"What's happen...(cough) ...ing? Where am I?" 

The voice answered her, "You've been in a nutrient bath getting your body upgraded. Do you remember your name?" 

She sat still and stopped fidgeting. She really had no idea. Wiping the ooze from her face, she looked in the direction the voice had come from. Her eyes were having trouble focusing. Still, she could see an old man with a long silver beard that was dressed in a blur of tan robes. 

Shocked by this new revelation she burst out in a panic, "I don't...oh god I can't remember anything." 

"Ssshhh, calm yourself child. This is also perfectly normal and it will come back in time. The nanotech inside the tub has made a great deal of changes to you. You've been out for at least a month while they worked. During hibernation, the human brain has a way of moving unnecessary information to the back of your mind. It will come back to you in time. For now I want you to focus on taking slow deep breaths. We have to clear the remaining fluid from your lungs." 

Pushing back her panic, she nodded and forced herself to relax while taking deep breaths. Each time her lungs became fully inflated, it triggered a coughing reflex. Her face creased into a bitter expression and she spit into the tub saying, "Guuhhh...that shit is really nasty. It tastes like nickel, iron, and vomit all mixed into one." 

Extending his hand, the old man offered, "We need to get you washed off. Come with me and I will guide you to the showers." 

Again, she nodded and placed her hand inside his. She immediately noticed that his hands were like stone. The hand was larger than hers, and she felt comforted by the large warm mitt that wrapped around her own. Stepping out of the tub, she staggered and almost lost her balance but the Grey bearded man was very strong and caught her before she fell. 

Walking slowly with her following behind him, the old man continued to talk softly to her, "We're almost there. While we're waiting for your memory to come back, I think it's best to get the basics out of the way. Your name is Shea and mine is Jasper Murdock. These biological upgrades you've been given are my doing and I've paid a lot of credits for them. Do you know why that is?" 

No memories were surfacing. She shook her head saying, "No...I have no idea. My mind is like a black hole. This is terribly frustrating." 

He nodded, "Nothing to worry about. I was only curious if that bit of information was in your head. The reason I paid for your beautiful body is because I am your master." 

Shea felt her heart jump in her chest at the sound of the word master. Her body woke up in a very sexual way. Her cheeks flushed and she felt a warm feeling in her chest growing larger and spreading outward. She went to speak but she was already overwhelmed by her lust. Swallowing hard, she nodded her head that she understood. 

The old man waved his hand over a sensor and the glass door to the shower room opened. Jasper spoke in the direction he'd waved his hand, "Computer, activate the nanobot neutralization program." 

After a short beep sounded in the overhead speakers, a voice said, "Yes Jasper, program activated. Please place the subject into the chamber for processing. 

Stepping into the shower, Shea felt warm water at the perfect temperature coursing over her body. Her skin tingled and she watched goose bumps as they appeared on her breasts. 

Breasts? she thought. She grabbed them and lifted. Under her breath she mumbled, "I have breasts...large breasts." 

There was a flash of light followed by the computer's voice on the overheads, "Neutralization complete. Subject is free of active nanotechnology." 

The flash did something inside her body that she did not understand but she did not need to. She immediately felt better and her vision snapped into a sharp focus. Smiling from ear to ear, she turned to face the kind old man and said, "I can see master." 

Her mouth opened in shock. The old man had entered into the shower with her. He was naked and looked very excited. From her perspective, her master stroked a large fleshy stick that was stuck between his legs. Jerking at the thing, he stared devouring her with his eyes. 

Still holding her breasts, she realized she had subconsciously started fondling them. Her hands squeezed and kneaded them. As her hand circled around, her thumbs and forefingers pinched her nipples. 

Looking at her master, Shea's eyes scanned his body trying to remember anything at all about this man. Nothing...she couldn't remember a single thing about anyone, let alone this naked and erect man in front of her. His cock was narrow at the base but tapered wider up the length. Just before the head it tapered back down a little. She had no idea why but she really liked the look of this thing. 

Jasper said in a nervous voice, "I wanted to give you some time to recover and get your memory back but I can't wait any longer. You must serve your master right now." 

The old man was rail thin and bald. His old skin was tanned and he had no hair on his body other than his long beard. One of his eyes was solid white and the other was hazel. The look on his face gave Shea a thrill that struck her to her core. He seemed like a hunting wolf ready to attack its prey. 

The words Serve Your Master triggered her body again. Her cheeks flushed and she could feel her sex getting warmer. She felt her knees weaken at the thought of touching the strange pole between his legs. 

Dropping to her knees she whimpered, "I don't remember what to do master. I only know that I want to make you happy." 

He smiled down to her with a devilish grin saying, "That will do just fine slave. Follow my instruction; that is all you need to focus on today. Now get on your back and grab your knees. Pull on them until your ass is straight up in the air." 

Shea lied down onto her back; she nodded as she submitted to her master's will. The entire bottom of the shower was a perforated stainless steel grate. The metal was cold but she would happily do whatever her master asked of her. She grabbed her knees as instructed and pulled on them. Just as Jasper had said, her ass moved up until it was straight in the air. What took her by surprise was the large flaccid cock and balls in front of her vagina. 

"I have a fleshy stick too! With the soft eggy thingies," she gasped. 

The old man broke out into a fit of laughter and chortled, "Oh that is truly adorable. You don't even know what a cock is because your memory is so incomplete...ooh I suppose I could have kept you in the oven for a little longer. You really weren't quite done yet. " 

Standing above her, Jasper spit into his hand and wiped it onto her vulva. The sensation was strange to her and she had no idea what he was doing. Whatever he was up to, she just wanted to serve her master to the best of her abilities. 

Looking up at him with innocent eyes she asked, "Master...am I doing okay? Is this what you wanted?" 

Jasper did not answer her. He was busy wiping more of his spit onto his cock while rubbing her pussy with the other hand. His expression frightened her a little. The way he was looking at her bottom without speaking to her was causing her to become anxious. 

"Master this scares me. The look on your face is angry. Did I do something wrong. Master...?" 

"Shut your mouth slave. This will hurt but you just need to...gahh...just be quiet." The old man pressed the knob headed cock against her pussy and pushed. The unexpected downward pressure caused her to lose her grip on her knees and her ass fell. She fumbled to get herself back in position but old Jasper was not amused. He chided her again, "Jesus! You idiot just hold still until I'm done fucking you." 

As hurt as her feelings were from disappointing her master, she grabbed her knees and lifted her ass back into position and readied herself. Even being frightened, the command shut your mouth slave had affected her deeply and she didn't dare speak again. 

Why he was pushing his hard flesh stick against her bottom was the strangest thing in her mind. She watched him with the curiosity of a child as the old man grunted and pushed. The slippery and wet cock sliding up or down against her body fascinated her. Each time it glided over her clitoris, she was filled with a wave of bliss. Smiling up innocently she didn't know what he meant. This wasn't painful at all. In fact, she loved this feeling. 

The old man cursed and held the tip of his cock in place. Pushing harder now, she felt the tip of the throbbing thing stretching her skin somehow. What was he doing? This old man was very strange. Each push forward, her skin gave way more and more. When it finally happened, the pain caught her off guard. Her skin tore and let the fat pole go inside her body. He continued to push until he had the whole thing inside her. 

She yelped, "Master! Your pole thingy went inside my body! It hurts! Please take it out!" 

Jasper grunted as he started moving his cock in and out of her pussy at a very fast rate. He fucked her hard and fast with little consideration for her well being. Jasper stared at her ass as he started mumbling to himself in his euphoria. 

"Oh that is the tightest virgin pussy all week. Fucking clone bitch...fucking good Futa pussy. Ooh my god I'm gonna fill your pussy with so much cum." 

Strangely to her, the pain was subsiding and the initial shock was wearing off. Whatever her master was doing was what he wanted and she was doing what was expected of her. It wasn't any fun for her but making her master happy was enough. She bit her bottom lip and held her knees tightly, whimpering with each thrust. 

Leaning forward, Jasper began squeezing her large breasts. His rocklike old hands hurt her but she did not cry out again. This was what her master wanted. She could feel his cock throbbing and pulsing in her only a half a second before he cut loose and started hammering his bony old pelvis into her ass. Slaps echoed through the shower stall. Each impact moved her along the stainless steel floor an inch at a time, until the shower wall bumped against the top of her head. She grimaced as each shove was now a smack on her cranium. Gnashing her teeth she held her breath as he pummeled her. 

It is enough that my master is happy. I'm doing what is asked of me, she thought. 

She looked around the shower. Everything seemed interesting and new. The tiles on the shower ceiling and walls were black stone with red and white swirls in it. Thin white lines separated them. Looking at the grate below her, Shea saw a flash of light, then another. Looking past the grate she could see that underneath where she was lying, there was a very large tube that started in the square shape of the shower stall and tapered into a vast round drain pipe that continued downward for hundreds of feet. The flashes of light were arcs of electricity dancing across the tube at many different depths until the arcs were so far down, they simply resembled a flashing pinpoint of light shining up at her from the depths. 

"Wow...that is so pretty," Shea said so captivated by the view, she was unaware she'd said it out loud. 

Smiling from ear to ear, Jasper grunted, "Uhhh! Uhh!! Fucking Beautiful! No shit, that's what your idiotic mind sees?" Picking up speed and intensity he howled, "Ooh you filthy whore. Jasper's gonna fill your baby maker. Futa clone bitch, when I destabilize your particles, I'm gonna make a new one just like ya. I've outdone myself. This fat little pussy of yours feels so amazing. Ooh shit I'm gonna pop! AAAhhhh!!" The old man's eyes rolled back in his head. His cock flexed squirting cum deep inside her uterus. "Hold still you idiot clone bitch I'm Cuuu..." Jasper's face froze in a strange expression like he'd just seen a ghost. 

Shea watched him fascinated by his strange words and behavior. None of it made sense to her at all. It was the way he'd stopped moving that made her curious. She wasn't allowed to talk. She did her best to just lie on her back and watch him like a good slave. His mouth was wide open and his solid white eye twitched. Time seemed to stand still as she did her best to hold her knees and not slip. She could feel the warm liquid spraying inside her and the painful cock stretching her open. The fat thing felt like a whale relentlessly trying to dive deeper into her body. That feeling combined with the burning sensation from her torn hymen had her on the verge of tears and ready to cry but, she desperately wanted to make her master happy. Gripping her knees tighter, she braced herself fully ready for when her master continued his assault ...but her master had stopped moving completely. 

From her vantage point, she had to look up the length of her own body past her flaccid cock and balls to see the grayish white face of the old man, towering above her. His wrinkled toothless mouth hung agape with a long string of spit dangling from his chin whiskers. With his eyes rolled into the back of his head, the dead white spheres gave him an eerie look. 

Shea realized something was wrong. The painful expression on her face melted away. She looked at him again a little closer. There was something deep within the human mechanism that was making her sick to her stomach. She instinctively asked in a quiet submissive tone, "Master?" 

Jasper grunted two last times and exhaled just before his body went limp. She felt his bulbous cock pull a vacuum as it was yanked out of her body. The shocking sensation made her gasp and the old man fell to the ground cracking his head on the steel grated shower floor with a dull thud. He was dead before he landed. 

"Master!" She yelled as she sat up horrified by what she just witnessed. "Master what is wrong!?" 

There was a squishy, bubbling sound and a terrible smell that assaulted her nose. She looked to the direction of what she heard. The old man's bowels were voiding excrement onto the shower floor. Shea had no idea what to do. 

Shea panicked at the terrible sight; the shower water raining down on the dead old man. His cock still rigid and covered in her blood. Her eyes watched the crimson streaks running down between his legs and down the drain. She felt like she'd killed her master. Without knowing what to do she leapt up and ran out of the shower yelling, "Help! Someone please help! My master is dying! Please help!" 

The room was quiet. She couldn't hear anyone else moving or talking. Unsure what to do she called out, "Computer?" 

There was a beep followed by the computer's voice. "Unauthorized voice, access denied." 

"Computer please help me! Please help my master! This is an emergency, I think he might be dying." 

The computer system beeped and spoke again, "Emergency response program initiated, scanning the human known as Jasper." A green laser grid covered Jasper's body quickly followed by another beep. "The human formerly known as Jasper has expired. Please call the federation and notify his family. Additional: Please appoint a new facility custodian. This position is now available." 

Shea scratched her head mumbling, "What is a custodian?" 

No response. 

She reflected for a minute and then said, "I mean; computer, what is a custodian?" 

The familiar beep sounded, "Attendant, Caretaker, Janitor, Cleaning Person." 

Her brow furrowed from her poor confused brain. She continued with her line of questions, "Computer, why is the cleaning person my master?" 

Beep: "The janitor known as Jasper was not your master. You have no master." 

Almost too afraid to ask, Shea continued, "Computer, when will I get my memories back?" 

Beep: "Your mind is functioning at 100%" 

"Computer, that is not possible. I can't remember anything." 

There was a short delay, then another beep, "Check sum program completed. Data has been verified. There is no mistake. You are functioning at 100% of your... current abilities." 

Shea did not know what to think. None of this was making sense. She murmured to herself, "What a stupid computer. There's no way I..." She stopped dead in her tracks staring. 

For the first time since she'd been awakened, she saw her reflection in the bathroom mirror. She had no hair on her body anywhere but the most disturbing part of her was the opaque skin. It was faint but she could actually see her heart beating inside of her chest just past her ribs. 

From the sheer shock of seeing herself in such a way she asked, "Computer...what is wrong with me?" 

"(Beep) you are incomplete." 

"Computer, don't you mean my upgrades are not complete?" 

"(Beep) that is incorrect. The janitor named Jasper stopped your cloning process early." 

Shea felt a sinking sensation inside her chest. She wasn't sure that she wanted to continue along this line of questioning. Forcing herself to speak again she asked, "Computer..." She choked on the question and closed her mouth. Covering her heart with her hand, she took a deep breath and forced the question out, "Computer...how old am I?" 

"(Beep) Twenty three minutes, and fifty eight point two five seconds." 

She felt a sharp stabbing sensation in her head that came with this answer. 

"Aahh!! Ouch! ...what a horrible pain. Being incomplete really sucks." She took a deep breath and tried to relax. The pain was slowly subsiding and she opened her eyes again. "Computer, why are you responding to my voice now? I thought my voice was not authorized." 

"(Beep) you became authorized the moment I pronounced Jasper Murdock dead." 

Shea's brow furrowed. That was a peculiar thing for a computer to say. She mumbled to herself, "The custodian takes my virginity, fucks me senseless, shits himself and dies and I get promoted. Not an uneventful birthday to say the least. ...computer, why did the late Jasper Murdock stop my cloning process early?" 

"(Beep) Illogical phrasing, it is not possible for me to understand what a human is thinking. Please try rephrasing your question." 

Rubbing her chin, Shea dwelled on this for a moment before continuing. Finally, she threw a finger in the air and asked, "Computer, how many times has Jasper Murdock stopped the cloning process early?" 

"(Beep) Five thousand, six hundred, and eighty three times." 

It was not at all what she had expected to hear. It seemed to her like each question only cracked a bigger hole in her existing knowledge; each answer coming with a bigger shock than the last. 

Bewildered she asked, "Computer, how many times did Jasper take a clone's virginity?" 

"(Beep) Eleven thousand, seven hundred, and twenty five times." 

"Computer, I would very much like to talk to some of these clones. Could you help and introduce me?" 
