 Topaz, wearing a thin nightdress, gratefully climbed into her bed after a long day working in her farmhouse studio. It was a warm summer night in Nebraska, so she only pulled the sheet up to cover herself. She'd decided to leave the window wide open for ventilation, also. There wasn't very much wind, so the fields of ripe wheat that surrounded her house made only gentle whispering sounds as their heads brushed against each other. Out in the fields, crickets chirped their nighttime communications. That susurration was quite soothing and Topaz quickly slipped into slumber.

Sometime later, the crickets hushed their melody, reacting to some stimulus.

The craft descended from the sky and silently aligned itself with Topaz's bedroom window. Sensors probed the interior of the room. A dim beam struck the sheet covering Topaz, whereupon it gracefully and soundlessly folded itself to the foot of the bed. No one saw the beam, since Topaz was sound asleep and there was not another farmhouse for miles. That same beam then scanned up and down her recumbent form several times, as if measuring or calculating something. The beam vanished, and there was a long interval.

A slightly brighter beam of a different wavelength emerged from the craft and enveloped Topaz completely. Bathed in its eerie luminescence, she didn't awaken. Perhaps some property of the beam even deepened her state of sleep. Therefore, she didn't swim her way back to consciousness, even as the beam lifted her gently up above her bed. As the width of the beam decreased, Topaz rotated in the air until her head was pointed at the open window.

"Careful now, Grendel. Don't let her bump against the window," Matrix said.

"I've got it. I can handle this. I'm not an idiot, you know," Grendel complained.

Perhaps it should be pointed out that their names were not Grendel and Matrix. But that's as close as we can get to the strange sound patterns of their actual designations. Also, strictly speaking, they weren't talking to each other using vocal speech. They were communicating in a manner that we humans would call mental telepathy. But it seems easier, for the purposes of the story, to act as if they were talking. Oh yes, in case you hadn't figured it out by now - these two were aliens.

Grendel deftly maneuvered Topaz through the window and in through the open hatch of the craft. The hatch closed without a sound, and the craft lifted skyward. "See? I got her in just fine - not a scratch on her."

"Okay, okay! Can you rotate her vertically now?" The beam moved, activated by the controls being manipulated by Grendel. Topaz inverted into a head down position. "I meant the other way, stupid," Matrix complained.

"Well, you didn't say!" Grendel rebutted. But careful manipulations of the beam followed, and soon Topaz was floating, head upwards. "There! Happy now?"

"Yes, I think so. Now put those things... ummm... earthlings call them 'feet' I think... against the deck for balance and then carefully narrow your beam upward until it only covers the top part of her."

"You mean her head, don't you? You may as well practice the correct designations."

"Yes, yes! Till the beam just holds her head, Grendel. You can be such a ojiwetz, at times, you know!"

Grendel controlled his anger at being called a 'ojiwetz' like that, because he needed to have a delicate touch on the beam controls. When its luminescence only covered Topaz's head, he paused, feeling a bit drained, but triumphant. "Now what?"

"Now I use this," Matrix replied. Again the dim beam sprang to life and move to Topaz's shoulders. The cloth of her nightdress started into motion, slipping slowly off her shoulders and moving downward. The smooth pink skin between her neck and shoulders was revealed, as was the skin over her collarbones. The beam slid lower, and the top of the nightdress followed it downward.

When the nightdress top reached the region of Topaz's areolae, it seemed to snag. Matrix had to gently jiggle the beam until the cloth finally slid free of her nipples. Similarly, it took a little jiggling to work the material free when its sleeves reached her wrists and hands. Finally, the nightdress rippled down to the floor, leaving Topaz fully naked. Matrix used the beam to move her nightdress to a nearby bench.

"OK," Matrix said. "Can you get her onto the examination table?"

"Piece of utzka," Grendel said, confidently.

"Well, if it's so easy, then get on with it, instead of bragging about your prowess," Matrix complained.

Grendel held his rebuttal, and concentrated on enveloping Topaz with the beam again, lifting her, rotating her, and floating her to land softly on top of the table. The beam vanished for the most part, leaving only a tiny spot on her forehead to keep her sedated, and they both gathered around their specimen.

They started methodically at the top, examining Topaz's flame red hair, which fell in soft waves almost to her shoulders. Her eyes were closed, and they left them like that for the moment. Her nose, ears and mouth seemed to conform to the manual they were studying as they examined her.

"This specimen seems to have excellent mammary glands," Matrix remarked, pushing them gently from side to side.

"Oh?" Grendel sort of mentally grunted. "And what are those for again?"

"The manual says they're for nourishing the young. They give off some form of liquid." He scanned down the page. "A footnote says they also contain pleasure sensors, perhaps to insure that she spends enough time feeding her offspring."

Grendel gave one of Topaz's tits a firm, but careful squeeze. "I don't see any fluid," he complained.

"Did you ever stop to think that maybe she has no young that she's nourishing?" Matrix said, with overtones of smugness.

Grendel failed to rise to the challenge. He continued his examination down her torso, giving a cursory look at the curious indentation in the center of her abdomen, and moving lower. "Aha!" he almost crowed. "You picked a defective specimen!" He couldn't help but sound both gleeful and disappointed.

"What do you mean?" Matrix asked, a tinge of worry coloring his mental communication.

"Look down here," Grendel said, indicating Topaz's rather untamed pubic bush. "This one lacks a sexual opening. See?" He practically shoved the manual at Matrix. "Right here on the diagram. It shows a sexual slot. This specimen has none! Crap! We wasted the trip! We'll be a laughingstock."

Matrix examined the area, covered with the matted flame colored hairs. He produced a couple of tools rather equivalent to forceps, except they were glowing bands of hardened light. Prodding extra delicately in the pubic forest, he said, "Wait... wait. Look. Look here. If I pull these back, like this... there! There's her slit! It's just concealed!"

"Then why does it look so different on the diagram?" Grendel almost whined.

"Maybe that's why this craft comes equipped with the solution rack. Did you ever think of that?" Matrix offered. He carefully snipped off a few of the pubic hairs, collecting them. He also brushed off several flakes of her nearby skin. "Let's test these samples."

Grendel placed a hair, and some skin cells on a reaction plate, and added a drop of solution with the equivalent of the symbols 'KHE32' on its label. They waited. Nothing happened.

On another reaction plate, Matrix used a new hair and skin cells, and tried solution KHE65. In seconds, both the hair and the skin cells dissolved completely.

"Too strong, idiot," Grendel complained. He harvested some more pubic hairs, and skin, and tested them with solution KHE51. To their delight, it worked perfectly! The hair dissolved completely, but the skin cells were totally unharmed. "Yes! This is the right one! Make a note, Matrix." A suction device snaked up from under the table and was placed close to Topaz's sexual region. Grendel carefully sprayed the area with more KHE51, and, as the hairs dissolved in it, the resultant fluid was briskly sucked away. He then flushed the region with water, which also whisked into the vacuum.

With the suction device retracted, Matrix compared the diagram in the manual to the place where Topaz's thighs met. The depilatory solution had performed perfectly - her sexual region was now fully exposed, and met all the proper criteria. Grendel was still holding the spray device. "Should we use this solution elsewhere? Like up here? Or in here?" First, he pointed at Topaz's head, and then at her armpit.

Matrix did the equivalent of hemming and hawing. "I don't really see any reason to make alterations at those places. Listen. We can't keep her unconscious for much longer. Let's do the rest of the initial inspection before we bring her out of it. Otherwise she might be squirming around or something." Grendel indicated his agreement.

Strangely enough, as eager as they'd seemed to be to uncover Topaz's sexual area, they both acted reticent to start looking there. Instead, they got magnification devices, and looked into her ears, nose, and mouth. They lifted her breasts in all directions, as if expecting to find something under them. They inspected the strange depression in the center of her abdomen, but remained clueless as to its purpose. They spent an inordinate amount of time examining her toes. 

Finally, Grendel said, "What are we waiting for? You know what we really want to study!" He sounded a little exasperated, either with Matrix, or perhaps even with his own hesitation.

Matrix sighed mentally. "You're right. You take that limb, and I'll take this one. Let's separate them for a better view." He took hold of Topaz's thigh and leg on one side, while Grendel lifted those on the other. As if the young woman was some fragile piece of fragulim, they gently pulled the limbs a little sideways, and lifted them up at the same time. This also caused Topaz's pelvis to tilt towards her tummy.

It was probably a good thing that Topaz was unconscious. She'd probably have been mortified to have two perfect strangers staring at her most intimate area as it was thus revealed. The tilting of her pelvis brought her pinkish-brown ass hole into view. And the separation of her thighs had caused her labia to part, opening her slit.

"Oh, Feiksowej! We're breaking her!" Grendel exclaimed, seeing what looked like her flesh splitting open.

"Language, Grendel! There's no need to use such a swear word!" Matrix chastised him. "If you'd spent more time studying the manual, you wouldn't be panicking. That opening is normal."

"Really? They come apart... or... I mean... they come open like that?" Grendel sounded astonished.

Matrix tried to keep a tone of smugness out of his communication. "Yes, yes. That's the whole reason we came to this place. Look at it carefully."

Grendel studied Topaz's crotch. "Well, if I ignore the fact that it's so... so... such a hideous pink color, it looks kind of nice, I guess. It'll take some getting used to, though." He looked closer. "I wasn't expecting three openings. Why three?"

Matrix glanced at the open manual. "It says that this highly constricted one is for the release of solid wastes." He indicated Topaz's anus. She puts food into her mouth up there, and, after processing and assimilation, what's left emerges from that opening down there. Similarly, this very tiny opening - right here - that's for the release of liquid wastes." He was, of course, indicating Topaz's pee hole at that point.

"OK, I get it, I think," Grendel commented. "That leaves this larger one. So that's the one where the offspring emerge?"

"That's correct," Matrix agreed. "And it'll be the focus of our experimentation. But let's not forget - she also has sensors here, here, and especially here that we need to keep in mind." He'd indicated, respectively, her mouth, anus, and clitoris.

"That little thing? That's important?" Grendel scoffed. "You can barely see it, almost covered by that yucky pink flesh."

"Don't worry... you'll learn soon enough," Matrix said. "Now, we're about ready to wake her up. Remember what the manual says about first encounters. We can't let her see our true form - not right away. We'll do this gradually, in steps. First we can look like humans."

"Right, right," Grendel said, almost signaling boredom at this lecture. "Once she figures out she's in a spacecraft, we'll get a mental image from her of what she expects aliens to look like and then we'll assume that form for a while. And once she acclimates to that, we'll let her see what we really look like. But we might have to sedate her again at that point."

"Very good," Matrix praised him. "So you were paying attention, at least to that part. I'm turning off the sedative beam, and putting her in a stasis field. I think having her upright will help her feel less panicked." As, using a beam, he manipulated Topaz up against a bulkhead, the air around the two aliens shimmered, and their forms took on the appearance of two men in white lab coats.

Topaz blinked a few times as the fog in her mind lifted. "This isn't my bedroom," was her first clear thought. She seemed to be in a bright room with metal walls. Strange equipment was visible, here and there, and unusual sounds could be heard - sort of electronic sounds. The air seemed very fresh, almost like a Spring morning. There were two men in the room, and she was about to speak with them when she spotted something very familiar. Her nightdress. Over on a bench. She looked down. "Oh my god, I'm naked!" she choked out, covering herself with her hands.

The men moved closer, a look of concern on their faces. "Calm down, please. Everything is fine. You're safe."

Somehow, Topaz didn't feel safe at all. She felt naked and vulnerable. She was so distraught that she didn't immediately notice the loss of her pubic hair. She was too concerned as to why she was here, and who these men were. So she called out, "Who are you? Where am I? What do you want with me? And why am I naked!" Her tone of voice was a mixture of anger and hysteria.

The taller man spoke. "It's OK, Miss. Really it is. We're a scientific survey, and we've selected you as a specimen."

Topaz's eyelids flew up out of sight. "What? A specimen? Like for dissection?" Her voice was now filled with panic.

"No, no! Nothing like that! I assure you. We're just going to do some measurements." He made a sound like he was clearing his throat. "Umm, and that's why we had to remove that lower hair, in case you were wondering."

She instinctively cupped her sex, and her touch reported how bald and smooth it felt. It was actually rather nice. But nice as it felt, it didn't distract her from the key word he'd said. "Measurements?" Her hands dropped to her sides as she looked around the room more carefully. "Say, wait a minute. This isn't some laboratory. When I went to sleep I was in my own bed. And there couldn't be a laboratory like this for hundreds of miles. This is... this must be... a spaceship? And you must be aliens?!" She sounded actually curious now.

Meanwhile, Matrix and Grendel were getting strong mental pictures from Topaz about her assumptions of what aliens looked like. "Oh no," Matrix groaned mentally, "not the big head idea - that looks so gross."

Grendel sighed back, "It's what she wants - what she expects. At least they're green. Ready for transformation?"

Matrix thought back at him, "Yes, let's do it." To Topaz he said, "Yes, Miss. You saw through our ruse. It's no sense hiding anymore." The air around the two men shimmered, and they now looked smaller - alien - green skinned, large domed heads, skinny legs, and long prehensile fingers and toes. "Please don't be frightened. We mean you no harm." 

Topaz was, of course, hearing his words in her mind. But the clarity of the communication was such that she didn't even notice that only she was speaking aloud. "And you want to perform some measurements. And then I'll be released, unharmed?"

"That is precisely correct, Miss."

"You know, I've heard about these alien abductions, but I didn't believe in them," Topaz stated. "But I guess they're true, though."

They could tell she was relaxing, so they moved slowly forward and began running their fingers along her body. They were careful to touch her gently, because at first she was as skittish as a newborn filly, shivering wherever their fingers made contact. They were intrigued when goosebumps formed near their fingertips. Topaz might have been thinking they were measuring her, but they were actually feeling her up, and enjoying it greatly, now that she was alert and cooperating. 

Her heart rate and breathing rate slowed as she calmed down. She liked the way her hair was being stroked. Those gentle tugs at her scalp sent soothing waves through her nervous system. And when one of them stroked the back of her neck, she almost purred with delight. Gradually, she felt caresses on her buttocks, thighs, calves, tummy, hips, flanks, neck and breasts. She was no longer thinking about measurements - she was awash in pleasure.

As her excitement grew, her breathing accelerated, as did the pumping of her heart. Her nipples engorged, stiffening, and the areolae that encircled their bases became all crinkled and pebbled, creating a fascinating texture. Grendel focused his attention there, exploring seemingly each and every one of those tiny pebbles with delicate fingertips, before grasping her nipples and tentatively squeezing them with a mild pressure. Topaz gasped and nodded.

Meanwhile, Matrix had become intrigued by her labia as they also engorged and became puffy. As he ran his fingertips along them, they reacted by opening of their own accord. A thin fluid began leaking out of her largest opening down there, and it gave off a mesmerizing scent. He knew he'd have to sample that fluid, sometime soon. It might prove to be the very essence of this being. But his attention was diverted at that point. Almost as if by magic, Topaz's clitoris had slid into view, dark pink, swollen with hot blood, and visibly throbbing with each beat of her heart.

Even though it was pink, Matrix didn't let that bother him. It was enchanting. Without really thinking about it, he took his fingertip and slowly stroked the clit's shaft from its base to its tip. Topaz groaned loudly and shook. Worried, Matrix looked up and said, "Sorry, Miss. Did that hurt?"

"Oh my god, no!" she exclaimed. "It felt wonderful. You guys may be aliens, but you're really making me horny, touching me like this! Please measure that part again!"

Matrix obligingly stroked her clit again. After all, they were experimenting and gathering data. He learned that it took six more strokes like that before Topaz stiffened, and then started shaking uncontrollably, voicing strange syllables with her eyes squeezed tightly shut. They were seeing their first earthling in orgasm, and mentally sharing in her sensations - these novel thrills were exhilarating to the aliens. Her violent shaking made the nipples on her chest vibrate against Grendel's fingertips in a most pleasing manner, he also learned. 

After Topaz seemed to get her breathing back under control, Matrix said, "That takes care of the external measurements, I think."

Topaz was getting her eyes back into focus. "The external ones?" she echoed. "Oh I suppose now comes the anal probe, I've heard about. Honestly, I don't know what aliens find is so fascinating with our poop chute!"

"Well, it's not exactly an anal probe," Matrix stated, manipulating the field that held her so that it bent her over at her waist. His garments dissolved like magic, and Topaz found herself faced with a pretty nice looking cock jutting from his loins. It looked like it was fully erect, and a perfect size, even if it was green.

Topaz was still feeling blissful from her lovely climax, so she murmured, "Oh! It's anal sex! Well, I guess I can't stop you." She actually giggled. "Now I know why those big macho guys that were abducted called it an anal probe! They didn't want to admit to being buggered up their asses!"
