 I was mortified of course. My face went full blank, and I shrinked in Veronica's pussy the same second. 

You see, we all knew what had to happen, but the crew and me, never actually discussed the whole sex thing. I think the people up top thought it was natural. But we never agreed on any kind of response to this kind of situation. I really hated to get in between these two women, but then again, Veronica was more than eager. Maybe it's not that big of a deal?

So here I am, balls deep in a woman and Hope, her partner, just staring at us, wide eyed. She blushed, turned around and left the room! Damn, this was the second time, I upsetted one of the crew members, just by being with their partners.

Ronnie of course didn't notice a thing, as she was showing her back to the door. Eventually we disengaged, cleaned ourselves and dressed. We kept the awkward silence, not looking at each other for the whole process.

"Sorry, but do you regret this?" I just couldn't hold back and blurted it out.

"No!" She almost shouted at me, blushing. "It's just that this was my first time and, well I don't know, how to explain it to Hope."

"Do you think she is gonna be mad?" I pounced on the opportunity.

"Don't think so, actually. She talked about, how she was interested in you, and wanted to know you better too. But you are literally, the first man she ever met. Or any of us actually. Maybe we all need some time, to adjust?" She asked hopefully, looking at me. 

Ronnie seemed to look at me constantly for approval. Like I was her daddy or something. I quickly dismissed the idea.

"Maybe. It is certainly a weird situation." 

A bit relaxed, I went over to her and reached in for a kiss. She just simply melted to me. Here was this incredible woman, trying to give her whole body to me. Or at least I saw it that way. 

We stopped kissing, finished our drinks and said our goodbyes. We both had a lot to think about, yet I decided I needed a distraction, so I went to the gym.

We had this incredible gym. It had everything you can imagine, including a holo room. In this room, you can do anything really. Have a tactical practice range for combat situation? A good hike in the mountains? Maybe just a meditation session in the desert? Really, only your imagination was the limit. Anything, that was not part of the program, you only had to work a little with the interface, and you had it. 

I set it for the S.W.A.T extraction program. Got the practice shotgun, pistol, and started to go through the sessions. Each time getting better and better. I just wanted to turn off my brain, let my body do all the rest. 

At the end, you would get this leader score wall. For the first week, I was the only one on this board. But this time, I noticed another name: Chen Yang, in the fourth position in overall score. She was this tall, black haired, chinese women from engineering. Whenever I saw her, I had aristocracy come to mind. With small breasts and a very serious tone, she seemed such an ice queen. I will have to ask her about it later. But for now, I had to go shower and then sleep. I had a shift the next day as the cook again.

The next day was mostly uneventful, with only the occasional looks, from some of the girls. I cooked breakfast, a light lunch, and kept the evening yoga session. All the girls were looking spectacular. Although, I got a weird vibe from Hope, especially when I touched her to correct her positioning. 

She wasn't really a flexible girl to speak of, so I needed to spend more time on her training. At the end of the session, I called her to me, while everybody was leaving already. When we were alone, I finally addressed her. 

"Sorry to ask, but do you feel sick today? Maybe, a bit tired? Your performance was one of the worst today." When I saw her disappointed face, I added a weak "Sorry."

"No, I just..." She had such a high pitched voice. If I didn't know she was barely 19, I would have guessed she was a little girl. Just like her twin sister, Grace, she was this bronze skin colored, black haired, average height and build. But their asses was worth to die for. I think they come from the former country of Venezuela.

"I guess we should talk about yesterday?" I asked and showed her, to sit down on the couch next to me.

"I guess..." She was still avoiding eye contact.

"Did it hurt you, to see us like that?"

"Yes. But then again, I kinda knew it's gonna happen, so it wasn't that bad."

"Do you want me to stop, with Veronica?" I was fully prepared to do it. We had the means to impregnate the girls, if needed, artificially. 

"Maybe? Only until she and I discuss the ground rules! Obviously, it's my opinion that has to change, and not yours or hers." As she was saying this, she showed this slightly kind but weak smile.

"Listen you two will get as much time as you want. You know well enough, that this can only end one way. Me impregnating the both of you. But otherwise, how and what happens between the two of you, is up to you okay?" She only nodded to me.

"Yes, that's not just true but simply, the law. Like all the laws in nature, you cannot change it." 

She had this determined look, with small twitches. I think she was trying to convince herself. I couldn't resist myself and leaned in for a small kiss. It was only on the lips, without any passion or tongue. But it was a start. I stood up, and helped her up from the couch. 

"Why don't you go, and have the rest of the day off?" I saw her suddenly relieved. "You will need to think through everything, besides it is already past dinner time."

I went for a shower, thinking through all the events of the last two weeks. I think, I repaired my relationship with Hope, but with Gala, I think it actually worsened. Just because I didn't spoke to her, after the whole Sabella incident. But then again, she also didn't come up to me with the subject. She was always strictly professional. Maybe, I should just be more decisive with her and take control?

I entered my room dried and naked. I always slept naked, but this was this the first time I was embarrassed about it. On my bed was sitting the Ice Queen, Yang. She was also surprised by my glorious entrance and looked away immediately. 

"Sorry! Why don't you take on some clothes?" She was speaking in a heavy accent, which was quite rare on earth, but her parents were very strict chinese woman, as I heard, and only spoke to her in Mandarin. I only took on a sweatpants, and sit down next to her. 

"What can I help you with?"

"Would you put on a T-shirt or something else?" She blushed, or at least, I think she did. It was very subtle. 

"I'm fine the way I am, thanks." I answered. 

She actually Hmph-d! Who would have thought. Yang quickly gathered herself, though. 

"I came to have an agreement between the two of us! We all know our situation, and duty. So, without anymore delay, I wish to start the coupling sessions." 

She kept her eye contact, almost to the end, but at the word "start", she couldn't look at me anymore. She kept staring at her feet. I think I noticed a slight blush on her cheeks, but I'm not sure. 

I was confused a bit, to say the least! Here was this gorgeous woman, asking for sex in the most formal way anybody could ask. Besides, I wore an implant, several actually, which prevented any kind of pregnancy while the journey lasted. If Yang came forward, with this kind of proposal, she wanted something, and definitely not pregnancy!

"Is that really what you want? Or is this just duty speaking from you?"

"Of course not! But you cannot deny what will, and has to happen! I just merely not prolonging it!"

"Okey, so here is my condition. From now on, you will have to have, at least two orgasm each session!" I could only grin at her. This was such an idiotic, sexist, objective thing to say. I wouldn't actually hold it over her, after the first 5-10 times. Maybe not even that long. 

But, I had this sudden realization that, for this woman, sex was not about pleasure, unless I made it that way. It was a gamble, but I was confident, that it was the right decision. To my surprise she only seemed hesitant.

"I don't know, if I could hold that promise up. I never had an orgasm." As she was saying that, she seemed sad a little. I could only stare at her. 

"Are you a virgin?" Only a meek nod was my answer. "Have you ever masturbated?"

"My mothers, they permitted me to do anything sexual."

Not going to lie to you, my dear reader. During the 6 years of our journey, I felt like the man, quite a lot of times. Doesn't matter if, it was true or not. But this was the first time, I felt responsible for a women, as a man. Not to protect her. Not to be a good companion or partner to her. But simply, to guide a woman to herself. To help her, found herself. And, I think that's why, I was scared at that moment. And when I do that I try to prolong the inevitable. 

"Yang, why don't we try to this a bit slower? I would gladly take you right now, but..."

"No! We are going to do this right now!"

To emphasize this, Yang jumped at me, and started kissing me. Badly I might say, but then again this was her first kiss. Her long black hair and slender body shielding me completely from the lights. To be honest, I didn't try to resist anymore, so I took her in my arms and we laid on the bed, me on my back, and she on top. I took hold of her head, to slow her down, and started leading the kiss. 

As soon as she settled on top of me, I took her ass, and started to maul them. They were great to play with, but the jumpsuit, as always, was in the way. So I quickly turned her around on her back, and started to zip it down. I guess she came prepared, and didn't wear anything underneath. 

Once it was off of her, I dove in for her clit. I didn't play around, and just started to eat her out. I was careful not to use my fingers. I didn't wanted to injure her hymen, or more importantly, cause pain with it. And I think any kind of ass play was way too soon for her. So I just hold her very slim thighs, or sometimes played with her small breasts. 

Maybe because it was her first time, she was nervous. Probably the feelings took longer to adjust to. Or maybe, I'm just bad at eating out a woman, but it took her longer to reach her first orgasm. It was absolutely worth it though. Yang was sweating quite a lot, and her whole body was almost pink! She didn't squirt or trash around, like my previous lovers. She was quiet too. 

But her thighs vice gripped me, and her hands kept my face at her core. She gave out these quiet whimpers, almost like a little puppy. Luckily, I was able to breathe, and I kept my tongue pressed hard on her clit, but not actually moving it. I didn't know if she liked it that way like some woman, or if it was too sensitive for her. But than again, I think she was discovering the answer to that herself too. 

It was a longer orgasm. I think, I held my tongue like that for a minute. Finally it ended, and I crawled up to her, and took her in my arms. There will be times, when I'm going to fuck this women regardless she actually likes it or not. There will be times when, I'm going to try to eat her out for an hour, or make love to her for the whole night. But right now, she only deserved the best cuddling I could give her, and let her fall asleep.

I was more tired, than horny actually, so I too, fall asleep, regardless of the lights. The ship's computer will turn it off in less than 10 minutes. The entire night I held her, making sure she got the full experience of sleeping with a lover. 

*****

I'm still traveling around, but I hope to post one story per week. Sorry if I fail with that promise!