 So what started as a drunk blurb has turned into a twisted stress relieving experience. My shrink is going to have a field day if he ever finds out. Any way onto the warning. Non-consent, swearing, drug use, magnet use, women with dicks, and dicks in women. 

Still have a few more chapters in mind. Leave me feedback and i'll shoot out another chapter when I sink into a drinking problem. 

***** 

Miranda woke up smelling of dried cum. It was still all over her. She wasn't coated in it, but whoever had cleaned her up missed ever nook and cranny they could. Her red hair was still streaked white and the bedsheets between her legs were slick with the cum pouring out of her holes. Bedsheets? 

Her elbows propped her up on a soft bed with silk sheets. This was a room that looked like it belonged just below the penthouse suite. The walls were covered in fancy paintings and the windows had heavy scarlet drapes. That mixed with the smoking chairs and mahogany tables might have convinced her it was all a dream, but the ceiling was a giant TV and cameras were in all four corners. Oh, and the cum that was leaking from her ass and pussy was a dead giveaway. Large double doors were closed and no doubt locked across the bedroom and a single door was to her right. A little stickfigure in with tits and a short third leg indicated this was the bathroom. 

At the sight of that, Miranda checked on the tent she was making out of the covers. Suddenly aware of her state, Miranda threw the covers off and trudged into the bathroom. A steady trail of white puddles followed her as she opened the bathroom door to see a king size multi-directional shower with a clear sliding door. The right side was almost entirely mirror over a spacious double sink. The toilet was one of those really advanced ones with a control panel on one side as well. 

"No expenses spared for my prison, huh?" The pleasantly warm air was interupted by the AC kicking in spreading goosebumps over her cum covered skin. A beep called her attention to the ceiling. The silver black of a TV screen mirrored her face. At the very center was a viewer count of several million. Miranda gasped when she saw the cameras in the corners. She covered herself far too late. Looking in her reflection, her breasts swelled past the constrictive arm and her dick bounced at the sudden movement, adding to the erotic show she was giving. 

"Fucking bitch..." The Addon Arena was supported by every major underground boss and so was kept silent, so this was all special treatment. After a moments hesitation, she dropped her arms to her side. "I don't give a shit. These bastards probably saw worse yesterday." 

The shower didn't steam up the glass as she had hoped. It didn't stick to anything but her skin and hair when she tested it. She stepped into the shower, with enough room for her to hold her arms out and spin, and reveled in the hot water rushing down her back. The jizz loosened in her hair and began to run down her body and into the drain. Miranda stretched her back and felt all the pockets of cum on her front squelch. 

"God that's nasty. Fucking Largo is gonna pay for this." As her erection spun around into the water, the sensation was tenfold stronger than before. She yelped and jumped back, pressing her ass up against the glass to keep her cock out of the water. Tentatively touching the shaft, a spark of pleasure ran through her. Wrapping her hand around the shaft, she slowly rubbed down the length. The pleasure built like a small wave and splashed against her when her hand stopped. With that splash, a shiver ran up her spine. She sucked in air as the sensation spread through her head. 

"Why am I so fucking horny? It wasn't this bad earlier...AH! Its the Addon Arena, Remember Miranda?" Largo had picked out a modification for her after he won. She knew that was going to happen, but her loss had been distracting to say the least. The memories of her match fought the anger for attention in her mind. One hand balled up into a fist, and the other was already wrapped around her dick. The blinking light made the decision for her. "I'm not giving you assholes a free show." 

The emotional stew in her head gave way to pure apprehension as she inched back into the shower. Using her hands to cover the sensitive pole, Miranda made her way under the stream. Even the hot runoff from her hands felt like a warm caress on her dick. Trading off hands and using creative angles, the cum was washed from almost everywhere. There was only one place left unchecked. The same areas that Largo Splatersmith had pounded in gallons of cum last night. The only way to it was by going under her newly oversensitive cock. 

Careful not to give the perverts at home a show, the ex-pilot began to manuever with her back to as many cameras as possible as she reached up to the shower handle. After some jerking on the handle a few times, and consequently letting a few million paying customers see her tits swing and bounce, the handle came loose. After testing her ass and pussy to make sure they weren't also modified, the nozzle was brought up and used to clean out the cum. It took a while and toomk several breaks between scoops, but she finally got it all out. Happy with her efficiency, Miranda smiled in victory and ran over her now clean holes with water. 

Her wrist tired from manuevering the handle, she switched hands. The dial on the shower head accidently turned in the process, changing the flow to deep massage. The handle kicked in her hands and blasted the underside of her shaft. 

"OHHHHH FUUUUUCK!" Each of the powerful rapid jets sent a crushing wave of pleasure into her and destroyed all thoughts in her head. The pleasure was many times stronger than what her cock had been capable of before. Within moments she was hunched over and unconsiously keeping the water on her cock as it bobbed with each pulse. After a few moments of her moaning, she finally came to her senses and turned off the water. Her face and the top of her breasts were flushed red when she put the showerhead back. She glanced at the number and saw that it had jumped by another two million after her display. The camera focused on the best angle for the viewers. Her arm went back across her nipples, forcing her E cups to be pushed up again. Her bare feet pattered across the floor, putting jiggle into her ass. The cameras slowly zoomed into her sleek wet skin and the water droplets that clung to her expansive ass. 

She finally found a towel in one of the drawers and somehow managed to not rub her cock as she dried herself. She raced across to the bed, ignoring the cum left in there, and slid under the covers. A smaller feeling of victory showed on her face as she watched the number of viewers go down considerably. When it was only one million viewers, she risked getting up and exploring. The exploration wasn't very long, but she did manage to find a dresser in the bathroom. The clothes inside couldn't fit while she had this 12 inch monster roaring to go, but the possibility of modesty was comforting. 

As she searched the drawer, she found a drawer filled to the brim with sex toys. After a yelp of surprise, she slammed the drawer shut. Deciding there was nothing more worth seeing in her royal prison cell, she slid back into bed. The hormones that the Creamers spunk was filled with spiked her arousal even higher, but at least she was covered without having to worry about any of her curves showing off. 

"So he chose a hyper sensitizing addon for my futa parts. This is going to be a major weakness if I can't figure out how to put this beast away. Honeyslut ran her fingers on the seal and put it away, so maybe that would work again." Miranda's mind was now glazed over with lust and her cock kept rubbing in the slick lube of cum that was on the sheets. 

Her fingers slid down her body until they came to wrap around the base. She could feel every inch of her length waiting to be rubbed. Her hand slowly ran up her length and made her knees raise slightly in response. On the way back down she had to consiously stop herself from thrusting. It felt like there was a dam waiting to break and carry her over the edge, but she tried to keep a facade of control by going slow. 

"Just looking for any giveaway or hint at how to make it dissapear." She explained outloud to the voice of reason in her head. The viewcount started rising again, but she didn't notice. She was entirely focused on the action under the sheets. As the minutes wore on, that reason grew weaker and weaker. Ten minutes later, and she had a sheen of sweat and was actively thrusting into her hand. The arm was growing tired of keeping the heavy cover up and the pace wasn't fast enough to get off. 

Casting aside the covers, the count in the tens of millions far from her mind, Miranda started to jack off as fast as her arm coud go. Moans flowed freely and her hips bucked in time. Her toes went cold as she planter her feet and raised her bare ass off the bed. The skin was being rubbed dry, so she scooped some a clump of cum off the sheets and rubbed it al over her cock before going faster than before. Her free hand went past the frantic strokes to the slick pussy beneath. In no time at al she was fingering herself at the same pace that she was jerking off. An immense orgasm started to build deep inside her. Soon even her hands went numb as the pleasure gathered at the base of her dick. 

Miranda Poundsworth started going to town on herself as she reached that crest. IT was right there and then...Nothing. The pleasure held just before the peak, then fell to just insanely aroused. She froze and her moans cut off. The sensations in her cock were still just as intense, but the orgasm was not going anywhere productive. She felt a hollow feeling as the orgasm itself seemed to dissolve and dissapear. 

"No. No you SON OF A BITCH." The rules said only ONE implant per loss. 'One of many.' The commentator's words rang in her ears. Desperate for release, Miranda frantically built another orgasm, but she couldn't get it. The remnants of the orgasm built in the back of her head. She had a second orgasm that forced her to edge every time she got close. Over the course of the next hour, she discovered that each new orgasm was even bigger than the last. Still none of them made her eyes cross or brought the cunt shattering cumfest each new buildup promised. 

For the next hour she desperatly sought release. A dozen times she tried jacking off whilst frigging herself. A few times she stuffed three fingers in her ass to stimulate the prostate for her cock. She even managed to get the head in her mouth while she two handed the shaft. After over twenty different tries, tears streamed down her face as she screamed in frustration. 

"JUST LET ME CUM. What do you fucking WANT!" She yelled at the blinking red lights. In a lust frought haze, she staggered over the drawer and pulled out as many tools as she could carry. For the two days that followed, she tried to make it happen. She only stopped for a few minutes to wolf down the food that came through a slot in the door. Double sided dildos in both holes, vibrating butt plugs and spinning clit teasers, a cocksleeve filled with the best lube on the market. Nothing. Several hundred build ups and no pay off. After every denied orgasm, the pressure inside her increased until she was sure her next climax would fry her nerves. She felt her internal balls swell before storing there load in the slip storage implants. 

After falling asleep from exhaustion, waking on the third day brought some acceptance. She managed to roll out of bed, over the dozens of toys that were slick with her juices, and trudge into the bathroom. In front of the mirror, she felt the skin around the infernally useless dick for someway to make it go away. Her mind was still full of nothing but cumming, but she managed to eek some logic out of the chaos. She noticed a faint blue circle around the base, the same as the outline from the tattoo, with ten very faint light blue dots. 

"There has ot be some combination that makes it go back. There wouldn't be a fucking release combo for the seal without a way to put it back, right?" Her scarlet hair was a mess, clinging to the sweaty frustrated face. Her eyes held dark bags and were lined with dried tears. Miranda's chest rose and fell with deep ragged breaths through her sore throat. Shaky hands traced the circle again, looking for anything useful. Everytime her fingers brushed against her over stimulated dick, a haze of pleasure and lust flooded her mind and she had to brace herself against the counter waiting for it to recede. By this point even the slightest touch sparked a shadow of the unfathomable orgasm that waited after two days of denial. 

After a several minutes and a few breaks, the markings began to respond to her touch. It was some sort of combination lock that reset after a wrong input of four dots. With nothing else to do, Miranda methodically figured out the proper code and was rewarded with a blue light emerging from the ring. It covered the length of her penis before slowly fading back into the tattoo. As it went the nerves seemed to stop sending signals and the dick dissapeared behind the light. It returned to the pattern she had known with only an equally frustrated pussy to deal with. Still she was used to having that familiar ache. 

Laying back on bed, her muscles relaxed for the first time in days. The need was very real and VERY potent, but there was some control restored to her. She didn't have a NEED to finger fuck herself senseless. That said the deep, yawning orgasm still lied in wait inside her. At the risk of losing herself, she touched her folds gently and felt the familiar surge that was limited to her female parts. 

"Guess it's better with just one sex organ fucking with me. Now i've got a real edge over those bitches. Can't make me cum and you can't use that Milker on me again." The thought of that machine making sucking the cum out of her shaft with her face pressed against the glass came to mind. Shaking her head vigorously managed to make it fade. "Don't go getting horny again, Poundsworth. Just got my shit together, don't lose it over something you know is futile." 

Looking back at the TV she noticed the number had gone down to sub one million. A self satisfied smirk crossed her face as she imagined the perverts at home trying to get off to her puzzle solving routine. Walking to the dresser, with the noticable absence of a steel shaft bobbing as she did, Miranda threw on a blouse that was just slightly too small around the chest and one of the multiple skintight jeans. 

Sighing at the sizes, the phrase 'beggars can't be choosers' came to mind. Miranda sat in one of the smoking chairs and ran her hands through her sweat drenched hair. The arena would call her number again soon, so she needed to get her head back in this. 

'So they put a sensitivity implant in my cock and something to SERIOUSLY spike that libido up. That mixed with the orgasm denial means... shit they gave me a worse version of Largo's mods.' Imagining that bastard giving a smug grin as he wrote down the list made her pound her fist down on the armrest. 'They allowed him to pick more than one addon for me. They aren't playing by their own fucking rules. Just need to...God I can't think of anything. I'm so tired." 

The weight of the past three days exertions finally caught up to her and she fell onto the bed. She fell quickly into sleep, overpowering scent of cum be damned. 

After several hours of sleep, she awoke to a familiar sound. Moaning. More specifically, her moaning. Now it was screaming and making unintelligible noises. Confused by the noises, she rolled over on the bed and opened her eyes. 

The ceiling was lit up with her face in the throes of ecstasy as Largo plowed her from behind. The camera angles changed and she saw his massive cock sliding in and out of her tight hole as the mechanical tube ran up and down her length. It cut to earlier, when she first came, as she held herself up high. She saw her eyes wide and tongue sticking out as she quivered. The camera showed how her tits shook for the audience in this pose before they got a good view of them pressed up against the glass.  

Mortified by how it looked now that she saw it, Miranda brought her hand to her mouth. She remembered this, but seeing it was different. Witnessing herself cum over and over sparked an unmistakable flame deep in her core. Miranda stopped her hand as it slid between her legs. 

"I can endure this all day, fuckers. This is... holy shit." 

The money shot played on the big screen. Her face pressed up against the glass as Largo hosed her in his hot spunk and plastered her hair took up the whole screen. The next shot was him reaming her cunt with the jizz leaking around his cock. Finally a close up of her face as he squeezed out one last pint of spunk onto her face. 

Unwillingly her hand had found her folds and started without her. Embarrased by her lack of control, she retracted her arm and threw the blankets over her. Before her actions sunk in howwver, a floral scent reached her nose and her consciousness faded. The knockout gas was quick to come and leave in the vents as men marched in stripped her. They managed to stuff her into the slutty red pilot suit, making sure that her nipples and pussy lined up with the precut holes. 

When Miranda woke up, two things were apparent: She was in the changing room for the arena and her wrists had something new on them. Sitting up, with some difficulty, She looked in one of the small mirrors. The same view from the last time greeted her. Her nipples stood at attention through the holes in the chilled air and her slit was on display. The opening was still the size it needed to be to allow her member, but a small blue tattoo took its place. Her burning cheeks cooled slightly when she thought of her advantage today. 

The buzzer sounded as the elevator door slid open. Miranda was tempted to refuse entering it, but the potential consequences made the token gesture seem a waste of effort. Rising onto the high heels of her suit, she clacked her way into the elevator. Inside and waiting to be lifted, Miranda examined the metal bracelets on her wrists. Nearly weightless, the bracelets were durable enough not to be easily broken despite her efforts on the metal elevator walls. The metal itself hardly suffered a scratch and still blended in perfectly with the suit. Miranda ran her finger across the flatside on the back of her wrist as the familiar crackle played in her ears. 

"Welcome back ladies and gentlemen! We have another exciting matchup in the Mirandized Addon Arena." 

"That will never catch on man. Anyway, after last match the auditorium is nearly packed and our broadcast rate hasn't been higher since we had that barely legal pornstar that wouldn't do anal." 

"Oh she did anal. Haven't seen an ass that stuffed since... well since our contestant got fucked senseless last week. By the way, did you catch the entertainment inbetween?" 

Miranda had kept up a pokerface for the intro, but now some red had bloomed into her cheeks. The thought that these assholes had seen her in her weak state was a royal embarassment. She gritted her teeth as they laughed amongst themselves. 

"Are you kidding? With the discount rates they sold that show for, I wouldn't be surprised if every guy she every beat down on the street watched that. I hear some prisons even showed it to appease the inmates!" 

"That part where she sucked her own dick was something special, right John?" 

"I've been trying to do that since I was twelve myself." 

"...John." 

"Too much? Too much." 

"Right. Anyway we can't forget the part where she found the lube container." 
