 Alright. So this one is out of the blue. I got messed up over the weekend at a friend's house, logged on to my computer, and realized I had written about 8 pages of this. It was rough and repetitive, still kinda is, but the concept was there. It was funny and a little dark as well as absolutely ridiculous. So, Disclaimers. Got some nonconsent, dick on chick, nonconsent themes, nonsensical world setting, stupid announcers and proportions in all aspects that are... not even. Take all of this with a few grains of salt.

This was also the most fun I had writing a side story. I think...this started as practice for sex scenes? If so it spiraled out of control. Regardless, I would love feedback as to flow, clarity visuals, and any repetitiveness that I couldn't remove. This ones gonna get pretty interesting in later chapters I think.

*****

Miranda Poundsworth had fucked up. She knew it and they knew it. Her suit had run out of juice, which meant she was just a chick versus several ogres. It had started out so well, too. She had gotten the call form home, kissed her girlfriend goodbye, the kiss turned into them fingering each other, and she got to roll call twenty minutes late.

She belonged to the Anti Sex Slave Ring Platoon. A highly trained band of ex PMC and military ladies that used their powered plugsuits to take out any and all underground sex rings. They all operated solo and had no contract that required you to show up, so it seemed like a great job choice after Miranda got out of the military at twenty. Dishonorably discharged. Molested her female CO is what the report says. Two consenting adults and one liar is what she says. Command knew which is why she was free and even got a recommendation for this squad. In the two years in ASSRP, she had a long list of achievements from corrupt politicians detained to Mafia slave trades shut down.

Anyway, at roll call (or pick your bounty time) Miranda managed to snag a nice 200,000 cred job. A simple smash and grab for some intel. Guarded by ogres, massive demihumans in two regards, and unable to be blown up. Seemed easy.

Nothing seemed wrong her suit room as she checked all her suit sensors. Putting on the skintight latex undersuit was a hassle as always. Her hips were too wide, her ass filled it to the brink, and she had to really tuck her E cups into it. Then she had to undo it to finger herself until her clit stopped showing through the suit and put it back on.

She gently rubbed the suit just a few inches below the belly button. Right there was a little tattoo that she had gotten in college. She never could remember why or where, but she knows that ever since she had this her libido and endurance were ridiculously high. Even her lovers had asked over the years what it was after the two hours it took to be satisfied. She never had an answer for them. Focusing on the task at hand, Pilot Poundsworth checked her suit charge and weapons then set off.

The crash part of it worked fine. She willed it, and her suit constructed a grenade launcher as she stood atop the apartments opposite the warehouse. Jumping almost a hundred meters out, she unloaded the six round drum on her way down, two of which were tear gas. She never wore a helmet because it messed up her textured dark red hair and because it matched the crimson plugsuit. To make for that, a clear, light constructed face mask filtered the air as she searched for targets.

Tear gas may be devastating to humans, but ogres are tougher in many ways including lung strength. A small cough was the only warning Miranda had before the massive fist collided with her kidney, sending her through one of the shipping containers. The suit made it so the damage was almost non-existant, but it still smarted. This is where things went south. See the container was full of illegal suit batteries and siphon tanks. She must have turned one on, because her suit battery started plummetting. Before she could react, the ogres pal caught her with an uppercut to the gut, which would have been fatal, but the suits power was too low to reduce it entirely. She crumpled on the ten foot tall idiot's fist.

When Miranda awoke, she knew she had gone down shit creek and was sinking fast. Her suit was now completely dry which made it incredibly hard to move in, which made any hope of getting out of the binds impossible. The cold touch of steel on her neck told her what kind of table she was spread eagle on and the sterile whiteness of the room told her what her captors meant to do. She started to struggle immediately, but no matter how hard she threw her weight nothing budged.

A whirring noise of a machine starting up rose up followed by the table smoothly moving. Soon , various scanners and testers passed overhead. Gauging from the array they had, this was a full physical checkup. Given how many of those machines were focussing on her assets, she tried struggling again. Finally the machine noises stopped. A sharp prick in the back of her neck was the last thing Miranda felt before fading back to unconsiousness.

'Oh my fucking head! I feel like I tried to headbutt a jackhammer. And why does my throat taste like olive oil?' Her eyelids slowly cracked open in the blinding light. A monitor buzzed to alert that Miranda was consious and some heels started clacking across the tiles towards her. A blonde haired women came into view in a lab coat. Miranda could have sworn she had seen her before.

"Hello Ms. Poundsworth. I imagine you can almost recall who I am." The arrogant british accent immediately brought a name to mind. Her first arrestee.

"Olivia Honeyslit. Surprised you still have a job after the fumble you made. Cost your gang a lot of creds." The pilot smirked at her former target.

"Oh the case you stole was quite important. I got put into the Addon Arena after that, you know." A mock hurt look played across her face.

"So the rumors were true. There is a place like that. I hope it sucked, bitch." She spat out the words, but raised an eyebrow at the smile that grew on Olivia's face.

"Oh it did. I had to work quite hard o get out of it, but not before I lost a few times. You see, when you fail in the arena, the victor is allowed to select a modification for the loser. It can add up rather quickly to be a signifigant disadvantage. It's hard to explain so," the smile turned sinister as she spoke, "I SIGNED YOU UP!"

The laughter she held in echoed maniacly in the large medical room. Miranda seemed dazed by the news herself. She had heard of the rumors for the place. Even hardened criminals were broken by the arenas, and the Addon Arena was supposed to be on another level.

"What do you mean you signed me up?" She spoke in a quiet voice, almost drowned out by the laughter. Olivia finally curbed her laughter and wiped a tear from her eye.

"I mean you are set for the meat grinder and you will not be coming back. Not did I sign you up, but I even got them to change the rules just for you. You have made quite a name for yourself since I went away and quite the list of enemies. Normally they keep these really hush hush to keep from being caught, but they told every boss you messed with, every criminal and professional you ruined, and every dirty comrade you turned in that you will be in there."

Miranda lay there with a blank stare as the immensity of the trouble she was in dawned on her. Shaking her head, she put her game face back on.

"I don't give a shit who knows. I put them away once and i'll do it again. Besides I know some people who came out of the arenas before. I'll just kick ass until I'm out."

"Oh, but it won't be that simple. This isn't a fight club, the Addon Arena has a different goal in mind. Let me give you a hint as to the contrast." She pressed a button on a console out of view and a giant mirror slid into place above her. Her orange suit was put back one her, but with some noticible changes.

Her suit had been cut and changed to look like a porno prop. The nipples were exposes and tight to make Miranda's pink tips stand out, her pussy and ass were completely exposed as hish as the tattoo mark, and the whole think lokked like it had been thinned to show off every curve. Her eyes widened as she understood.

"The sex arenas!" The point of those arenas was to fuck the opponent unconscious, make them submit, or please the crowd the most.

"Oh yes. I, and many others worldwide, will enjoy watching the great Miranda Poundsworth getting raped over and over again."Miranda opened her mouth for a snarky reply, but was cut off once again. "I intend to modify your body for the tournament, but the scans indicate that you did some altering of your own. This little tattoo perplexed me until I pulled your classified records and saw you had a futa switch installed then wiped from your memory."

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

"The records do not lie. You put a cock on yourself like the whore you are, then you removed it. Probably because you wanted to get a dicking from someone who didn't like futas." Miranda opened her mouth to swear at Olivia when she saw the scan. Sure enough she had two orbs the size of kiwis in her body behind the tattoo. "If you don't believe me, I'll show you."

The doctor's finger traced the outline of the tattoo on a screen. Soon an immense pressure came from her crotch as the flesh bulged and spread. Gritting her teeth, the cock just kept growing until it was at least ten inches long. She watched it twitch in the air as the nerves connected for the first time in years. The sensation added from her member was something she could hardly prepare for since it used nerves that she had never felt with before. So when Olivia ran her finger up the underside, Miranda could hardly contain the moan or the precum from leaking out.

"You sealed the memories and paid good money to make sure any doctor who saw your internal testes wouldn't mention them to you. You can hide the flesh, but those balls of yours have been responsible for the famous libido. I imagine it is why you were discharged from the army. I am curious to see what your chances will be now that you have another weakness." Her labcoat fluttered behind her as she turned and the same pain stabbed into Miranda's neck.

"I swear TO GOD WHEN I get out of...here I'm gonna...tired." Darkness took over one more time while Olivia prepped all the implants required for the arena.

"Try not to lose yourself too quickly, Poundsworth."

The waiting room wasn't so much for waiting as it was for getting rid of excess "stress". The smell alone told her that the sealed bin in the corner wasn't for needles. The stench of cum didn't help Miranda in the slightest as her dick stood hard and ready. Its throbbing was incredibly distracting and there was a curiousity about how good it would feel to rub one out, but she saw the blinking red lights on the cameras there and knew they were watching. She didn't want to give them a show.

The light above the door finally flickered on and the click of the lock signalled it was time. She got up and nearly fell again; The suit was modified again to include high heels that were impossible to remove or move in. The material wasn't the same either as her tits threatened to tear out of her chest and her ass jiggled with every clock of the heels. She stepped into the small room beyond, which turned out to be a lift, when a voice spoke up inside her head.

"Well John I can't imagine Isabelle will be able to walk for a few days after that pounding. Up next we have the real star of this event. Turn's out she's infamous with this crowd."

"Yeah I had to serve six years because of this bitch. Turn out she's rocking a cock now too, so we should see her getting whats coming to her."

"Futas have never done well on the field. We haven't seen any for a while now, not since that witch three months ago, right?"

"Still remember her face when she came so hard she passed out against the roper. Poundsworth's luck is even worse though. I've seen the lineup and it ain't pretty. Not that i'm gonna say nothing, cuz I'm sure she is listening."

"Thanks for reminding me. Fighters, your radio receptors are active, and you can turn them off speaking to your assigned coaches. At least I normally say that. One of the many handicaps put on the ex ASSRP pilot is complete info blackout."

"One of the many, Wesley."

A click signalled the line closing. An automated voice informed her they were talking to the audience. Miranda snarled at the new.

"Got some bullshit you don't want me knowing HoneySLUT! I'm gonna beat your fucking arena and shove my FOOT up your ASS!", she yelled at the camera. The camera didn't have a microphone, but Olivia probably got the jist of it. As the lift neared the top the radio clicked again.

"So basically, Poundsworth is gonna have to pull a miracle to win this one."

"Yeah, but with The Creamer stepping in, I don't see it happening."

"Now for those of you just joining now after grabbing your lotion, this is something special." Theme music started to play in the background, like it just came off commercial break. Miranda was now waiting in a tunnel ending in a locked gate. The buzzer above the door meant she had to wait her turn.

"Right you are. The Addon Arena is the most customizable ring with its revolutionary grid combat. The walls and floor are composed of eight by eight squares that each house a trap. The traps are randomized before each match, but are on a 1-3 tier list based on numerous factors. Once a fighter has built up enough points, they can call out the name or number and the trap will come up for them to utilize."

"Fighters get a map usually, but the pilot gets fuck all. Any penalties are on a 'call by ref, choose by vic' system. Also the floor is covered in lube. Enough of this boring shit, kill the fighters radio and lets get to it." A click again and the buzzer rang above the door. Her clacking was muffled as she stepped into the inch of transparent lube that covered the large square mats making up the floor. She stayed at the entrance a moment to get a lay of the land.

The room seemed about the size of a basketball court with walls surrounding all sides. One of the long ones was semi transparent so she could just make out the massive audience shrouded in the dim light. From the ceiling hung multiple cameras on mechanized arms for the broadcast and a gigantic screen seemed to show choice shots from the arena. The lower part of the walls had the same fighting mats, probably more traps, as well as little holes in between.

The screen panned up her body, spending a little longer than needed on her ass and exposed nipples. She didn't bother covering up as it would just give them more enjoyment, but she was burning up with embarassment. She had always been a little shy about her libido, despite her seeming laviscious behavior. It had always scared her how her libido was seemingly inhuman. She had also never shown her naked body, let alone the cock she never knew she had, to anyone but her lovers. The men in the crowd were all staring at her, drinking in her body and she could do nothing about it.

It should be noted that getting lost in such thoughts should never happen on the battlefield. Especially not when your enemy was already released. She only heard the muffled screams in approval as warning before a large figure was behing her and pulling her arms up and behing her back.

-="Fuck! Get the hell off of me!" Miranda tried struggling, but the grip was like iron and she couldn't properly kick him with her high heels. The crowd roared in approval of whatever was happening behind her. Outside the arena walls, the announcers were going wild.

"Just started and probably over already. Don't know why she spaced out right after entring the arena, John."

"Do you see how hard she is? The slut just wants to get off!"

"Didn't know you were into futa John."

"I'm not, but I know it won't be here for every match. Besides with mounds like those and that ass bouncing in front of me, I can jack it to her for days."

"A little too much information."

"The pain from the grab seems to be getting to her, cuz that meter is going up for The Creamer."Behind Miranda, a bar was filling up on one side of the screen as pain shot down her shoulders. The bar had three segments, and the second one was already half full. The man started to pull the back of her suit. Figuring out what he was trying, she squirmed in his arms, but without her powered suit she was no match for the raw strength.

Pressure built on Miranda's tits as she saw the material thin and stretch. Finally the plugsuit started to give, creating a canyon of cleavage. Then it peeled down to reveal her toned stomach. Eventually it could contain the bulging titflesh no longer, bursting forth as the thin latex was ripped from her torso. He dug his fingers under the waist line and had to peel the skintight pants off of her expansive ass and slender legs. Finally he pulled the arms of the suit off, one at a time.

The muscular man holding her up, let her down a little so she suported her own weight. He switched to using just one hand for that as his other snuck between her legs. Miranda was raising her leg to hit him, not knowing what he planned.

"Shouldn't have let me down you stupid little-Ahhn! Take your fingers out of my Pu-ohhh." She lost any strength in her raised leg as his fingers dived into her pussy and started to finger her. He even went at a sideways angle and hitting her right on her sweet spot. Her kicking leg went down to try and close her legs, but that only served to push his fingers down harder on her g-spot. "Stop-Ahh fuck- stop-UHHNN- FINGERING ME!"

To her surprise he stopped, but it was right when she was close. She felt empty and her cock was practically steel with how horny she was. She stood there dazed, trying to get a reign on her rampant desire to fuck something. She knew that was a lost battle at least. She spun around on uneasy legs to see the muscled man called The Creamer.

"So it was you after all, Largo."

"You left me blue balling. I will finish what you started."

Largo Splattersmith. She had broken this guys sex slave chamber a while back after going undercover as a prostitute. He would kidnap a women and then dump her after a few weeks, still alive and kicking. We only knew it by his calling card: covering the victims in gallons of his cum before dropping them off. Turns out he had accelerated healing in his already oversized balls.

"How the hell did you get out of lockup? You should still be in lockup after my sting operation." He started walking towards her as he licked his fingers. Her legs were still too weak to fight on heels, so she kept backing up. They were moving away from the screen, so she saw the meter showing how close she had come to...well...cumming. The sensors implants said one thing: Miranda Poundsworth was going to cum.

"Shit, I heard about this on the inside and the bosses hand picked me for the first round. I haven't been able to blow a load in a YEAR because of you. They even installed Slip Storage in my nuts to keep the cum building." He stopped walking a few feet away from her. Undoing his larger that average zipper, he pulled out his huge member. It was both longer and wider than her own, with a thick glaze running down its underside from the copious precum. "When I heard I'd be fighting you, I started edging to give you something really special. They even gave me one free addon."

He reached below the base of his cock and pulled out his ball sack. Not two, but four heavy fist sized balls. His quadsack swayed slowly beneath him as stepped to the edge of the mat she was on. He ran his hand down its length once and a wad of precum poured out of the tip and onto the gorund. She could only imagine how much was really stored in there. The scent alone made her breath catch as the testoterone filled smell wafted to her.
