 The Abductors of Euskera: The Taking of Vanessa

Chapter 1: Vanessa's Dream

Today was just another day, another passing clock-tick in a life of routine, yet the daily drudgery and stress were worth it as Vanessa pulled into her driveway and her eyes soaked in the spectacular mountainscape that towered above her little house. It was good to be home, she thought, and thank goodness it's Friday. She grabbed up her purse and the bottle of chilled rosé wine she picked up in town, and prepared to settle in for the evening.

Vanessa cooked herself her favorite comfort meal, a choice cut of range beef covered in mushrooms with a side of fried asparagus smattered with almond slivers, just like mother made. She popped the cork of the rosé and made her way out to the back porch for a sunset dinner in the clean mountain air. The sun was just setting and a spray of orange and reds laid in a thick haze over the mountaintops, then slowly melted away into darkness as the day's end drew to a close. As Vanessa was finishing her dinner, the last flickers of daylight disappeared and replaced by a big, glittery starry sky. The wine was the perfect nightcap and a well-earned reward for a tough week at the office. The light fruity aromas and semi-sweet taste made for a suitable dessert after a satisfying meal. Vanessa lounged deeply in the padded cushions of her chair with her feet up on a worn tree-stump that she thought was too pretty to burn. She was a sucker for natural wood and everything country. This is living, she thought, then took another long sip of the aromatic rosé.

As Vanessa's eyes panned the brilliantly jeweled night sky, she saw something unusual. It appeared to be a bright star, but it moved in several directions like a firefly. It was too high and didn't mover like a plane, nor could it be a satellite. The star shot directly above her and stopped, a vast white glow that radiated brighter than anything else around it. For some distance outside of its shape was a ring of total blackness, as if it consumed all the light from the surrounding stars. Then in an instant, it shot straight up and disappeared among the white speckles of midnight. Vanessa's heart was pounding, not from fear but excitement. "What the hell was that?" she said out loud as she squinted and tried to peer deeper into the darkness in search of the mysterious star. It was gone. Vanessa took the wine bottle and poured what was left into her glass and drank it down in gulps. "I hope someone else besides me saw that," she said looking up into the darkness. With the euphoria of the wine starting to kick in, Vanessa thought it time to call it a night. She would call her neighbors tomorrow to see if anyone else saw what she thought she saw, whatever it was.

It was late, and Vanessa was tired and tipsy. She made her way to the bedroom, flipping off lights as she went, and entered the master bedroom and locked the door. Locking doors was a habit that was nagged into her by her parents and their constant concern for her living alone out in the country. Piece by piece she stripped off her clothes and left them in a trail on her way to the bathroom. A warm shower at the end of the day always made her sleep better, not that she would need it after drinking an entire bottle of wine. Besides, she was feeling lightheaded, and a little unsteady, and a shower may clear her head a little after experiencing that strange light in the sky.

Vanessa stepped into the shower with the water pressure on full, and the temperature cranked up. She let the jets of water massage her shoulders and backside as she leaned against the wall with both hands. The hot water ran down her body and pooled at her feet, washing away the chill from the night air. Trying to overcome her alcohol-induced brain-fog, Vanessa kept replaying the movements and image of the bright start, not wanting to forget any detail when she would talk to the neighbors tomorrow. She lathered up her youthful skin and slender limbs, releasing a strong lavender scent from the bubbling suds. Her whole body felt warm and relaxed, and the flower-scented steam began to intensify the sedative effects of the wine. Vanessa turned off the water and took a few deep breaths before stepping out of the shower. Sleep would come fast tonight.

After a quick buff with the towel, she slipped on her satin nightgown and climbed into bed. Her head was spinning as she began to drift into slumber, and visions of the bright star that visited her began to meld into a dream. Her body sank limply into the soft fluff of her bed, the glow of the memory of the light in the sky began to change into familiar images as she drifted into a deep sleep.

____

Vivid colors and pictures revealed themselves to her mind and then faded away, one after another like flowers opening and closing to the rising and fading sun, each one of them creating feelings of happiness, safety, kindness, and pleasure. The images started with her favorite things—flowers, hikes in the mountains, holidays with family, laughing with friends, and exquisite foods that caused her to salivate in her sleep. The images began to create other sensations in her body—sexual ones. Her skin became so sensitive it felt as though a warm breath with phantom lips brushed along the fine hairs standing up on her goosebumped skin. She felt touching all over her and then caressing, fondling, stroking. Her body tingles in response to what felt like a half-dozen exploring tongues sampling every inch of her flesh. Her clit and nipples throbbed and twitched as electrical sparkles seemed to drip over them like warm oil. She could feel herself squirm and wreath in pleasure, but in her dream, she was unable to move, yet she could feel her legs being pulled apart, and her hips scooped upwards as if moved and manipulated by an outside force.

Her first orgasm came upon her like a sudden storm and shook her entire body. Her sex exploded with rapid squirts of gooey drippings that streaked the inner walls of her pussy like hot fingertips. The seemingly endless vaginal contractions and exploding shudders of pleasure made her want to curl into a ball and pull away from such intense stimulation, but she still couldn't move, even when her insides were tremoring, and her limbs were shaking from the rapidly renewing orgasms and discharging vaginal juices. She could feel her body emanating a primal heat as her orgasms grew even more intense. Each orgasm seemed to rise from different parts of her body and then overcome her with an outwardly expanding wave of euphoric bliss. Her nipples stretched, and her breasts squeezed, her neck cringed from sensations of racking teeth and suckling lips, her clit flicked and swirled from a force that dripped over it with a frothy war liquid. Her toes twitched at the touch of kisses, her abdomen tensed as the stroke of a masculine jawline traced paths to her navel and the intense presence of a lover so close to her mouth that she can feel his breath enter her lungs each time she gasped in pleasure. It was a dream far more intense than any reality she had ever experienced. She struggled to see her fantasy man or men as it could have been, but it was all feelings and sensations without a face or a body.

She remained seized in a coma-like state while her body continued to shake from one intense orgasm after another. She didn't even try to move anymore, she just took it in and surrendered to it. She didn't even feel a sense of alarm when the pressure between her legs caused her labia to gape open and stretch as a large ribbed shaft pressed deep into her belly. Her body welcomed it, yearned for it, and exuded its warm slippery sexual ointment that coated the immenseness felt within her. With each penetrating plunge into her, a shudder of pleasure spread through her body, and she could feel a contraction within her squirt a small amount of her slippery heat onto the thick, pulsing shaft. The rhythmic strokes back and forth made her feel as though she were being lifted by a thousand soft hands and passed over the heads of a vast crowd of lovers. 

Vanessa didn't even have a sense of angst when she felt the thick girth slip from her vagina and move to her anus with gradually increasing pressure. Her body was still experiencing what felt like an eternal orgasm that washed over her again and again like waves crashing on the sands of a sunny beach. She offered no attempt at resistance, and the pressure against her sphincter easily gave way and slipped over the bulbous end of the thick shaft. The sensation within her bottom was like nothing else she had experienced. As soon as she felt the shaft press fully into her rectum her entire body detonated in an ectoplasmic velvet spray of cosmic cum. She could hear herself cry out in pleasure and feel the sheets grow wet beneath her as she released a final gush of creamy sex. Her hot drizzle seeped from her spent pussy and drooled onto the shaft and dilated ring of her anus.

As the satin feel of the long shaft began to slowly pull out of her bottom, her body continued to shake and twitch with aftershock waves of that shook her pelvis. After what seemed to be an entire night of constant stimulation, endless orgasms, all her openings stretched and repeatedly penetrated, and her sex drained of every drop of lubricating excretions, her mind and body finally were left to settle into a deeply peaceful and gratifying sleep.

Vanessa was woken by the sun's warm rays that filled her bedroom. Morning came too fast, and she felt exhausted. She sat up in bed and looked at the clock, "Eleven o'clock!" Vanessa rarely ever slept past seven, even on the weekends. She rubbed the sleet from her eyes and stretched, "Oh my word, I'm so sore this morning. It feels like I ran a marathon and did a thousand sit-ups in my sleep," she thought. Every muscle in her body ached, yet her nipples were still hard and tingled as if they were covered in peppermint oil. She sat up and turned to slide out of bed when her satin gown brushed up against her pussy and clit, and just that slightest touch caused her to drop to the floor and onto her knees in a shudder. That slightest touch caused a small tremor of an orgasm to shoot through her abdomen and up her spine. Her stomach tightened as the unexpected thrill shook her body and released a small amount of creamy dew that she felt warmly spread between her labia. "What in the world happened last night," she thought after the last quiver of pleasure settled low into her pelvis. She had never had an orgasm triggered so easily, or her body respond so powerfully. Not even the men she had been with in the past had ever brought to climax even close to what she had experienced during her dream.

After taking several minutes to collect herself, Vanessa pulled herself off the rug and headed to the bathroom. She staggered as if she was a drunk eighty-year-old. She didn't feel like she was hungover, she just felt like she had been fucking all night long. She made it to the stool, hiked up her nightgown, and slowly lowered herself onto the stool. Every muscle screamed, and even her bottom felt tender against the seat. Looking down between her legs she could see dried excretions all over her pussy and inner thighs, along with the fresh glossy remnants of the unexpected morning orgasm from just moments ago, and it was visible proof that the orgasms she experienced were real. Vanessa tried to recall images from last night's dream, but all she could recall was the bright star and then a flood of sensations through her body. She couldn't remember one face or any event in her dream. She had sexual fantasies in the past but never had she orgasmed without touch herself, let alone having multiple orgasms in her sleep that left her covered in her juices. "Maybe, I should go into town today and buy up the rest of that rosé wine," she grinned to herself, her slight laugh causing a twinge in her aching muscles.