 The blaring of his alarm clock was the last thing he wanted to hear at the moment. "Hey Sam, could you get that." After a few moments of incessant beeping he forced his eyelids open, "Sam just reach over there babe...ugh I forgot she had an early class," Tyler groaned rolling towards the vacated spot next to him where the two had pushed their small twin beds together. He could make out that Sam's sheets were thrown back and her half of their makeshift larger bed cold to his skin as he crawled towards the object of his annoyance. Even though it would only take another couple seconds of crawling towards the edge of her bed, Tyler stretched out as far as he could, his fingertips barely touching the alarm clock. He grasped at the button to silence it and succeeded in making the noise cease.

Proud of himself, and now fully extended across both their beds Tyler felt his body drift back into the sweet embrace of sleep. Lying face down outstretched his breathing brought with it the sweet scents of Sam mixed with their passionate love session from the night before. He couldn't help but smile as he recalled the way her body felt against his, the way she had pleasured every inch of his body-

*FUCKYOU* *FUCKYOU* *FUCKYOU* *FUCKYOU* 

Might as well have been what the alarm clock was blurting out again as Tyler groaned heavily and shouted, "God dammit! Just shut up!" at the inanimate object. Pulling himself over the edge of the bed he reached over easily and silenced the alarm this time instead of just pressing the snooze button. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he realized there was a note sitting atop his desk written in Sam's flowing script. Swinging his legs over the side of the bed and sitting up he reached down and plucked the note from his desk and yawning a little began to read.

"Morning sexy, I hope you slept well. I know I did after last night ;) After that stunt you pulled on me yesterday with my breasts I thought you might like to play a game..."

Tyler cocked his head as he remembered the day before, and how she'd showed him how to alter reality with the book and how he'd made her breasts much bigger than they already were. He felt his loins begin to stir, but quickly focused back on the letter in his hands.

"So last night when you were sleeping I cast a spell that altered reality. Only since you were asleep you don't know what it is. So here's the game: If you guess what I changed, you get to make a change and I have to guess. If you guess wrong, I get to make another change on top of the first one and you'll have to guess the next day. We get points based on how many changes we can get past the other person. So if you can't guess what I changed by the end of the day I get a point, but if you do, you'll get the point. If you can't guess tomorrow either of the two changes, then I'll get two points giving me three..."

Tyler knew Sam was competitive, it was one of the things that drew him to her. He couldn't help but grin as he read on:

"Oh and I've written down the change in the notebook on the desk, which you can't open until it's your turn =p Good luck honey, and oh by the way I'll give you a hint about the change I made: It's probably hanging right in front of you if you know where to look.

XOXO Sam <3

Tyler sighed and chuckled a little looking over the note one more time before looking up around the room. "How am I supposed to guess something that has changed if it's always been that way for me?" Shaking his head, he felt his gaze search the walls for anything hanging there that hadn't always been there. But sure enough he sighed a moment later, "Well since there's only one picture hanging on the wall, and it's a picture of Sam's Field Hockey team from High School I doubt that has anything to do with this. After all, I assume she made a change to me and not herself. But it doesn't necessarily say that she couldn't have changed something about her-"

*BEEP* *BEEP*

Tyler's head spun to his phone lying on the desk. From where he was sitting and the sound he knew it was a reminder to head to his first class. "Well I've got all day to think about it," he thought as he lowered himself onto the cold tile floor. He winced slightly, the feeling of the cool tile on the bottoms of his feet was slightly pleasant, but he always managed to bounce just enough when he did that so the tip of his cock would touch the floor too. He quickly stood up straight and lifted his hefty member with one of his hands so that it hung a couple inches off the floor. He was glad that Sam had convinced him to start going to the gym since he got to campus to better help with his ability to move around without having to hold his penis aloft with both hands. 

Turning towards his closet and the full length mirror standing next to it, he couldn't help but admire himself again. With one hand underneath the base of his enormous penis lifting it up it only hung down to his knees and covered a little of the view of the inside of his legs with its girth. Right below his arm he could feel his melon sized testicles resting against his thighs, and he reached down with his other hand to scratch them and his thighs beneath. But looking at himself in the mirror he knew most people considered him a freak, after all flaccid his cock was as long as his leg, just a little under three feet long. To him though, it was a symbol of how different he was, and to Sam he knew he was anything but a freak. 

Absentmindedly he found his hand caressing the underside of his cock as he thought about Sam, and how she had wrapped her legs around his erect shaft the night before, using her whole body to stimulate every inch of his person sized erection. Her breasts, so large even on her frame looked so tiny when she'd wrapped them around his enormous dick, and when she'd started to lick the tip-

*BEEP* *BEEP*

"Alright, I'm going!" Tyler shouted to his phone, only to realize that he was beginning to feel the lightheadedness that came about with his erection. He honestly wasn't sure how his body had enough blood to even give him an erection, but he knew that most of the time he was likely to black out after cumming. He chuckled when he remembered waking up after his first time with Sam and the look on her face once he'd cracked a stupid joke. Shaking his head though he reached into his closet and grabbed a pair of his ball holders gently stepping into them and pulling the straps up over his shoulders like suspenders. Now that his penis and balls had some support he could use both hands to adjust the cups so that his testicles sat as comfortably as they could within the cups. The familiar weight on his shoulder was comforting to him as he stepped forward, pulling a "cock sock" as Sam liked to call them from the same drawer he'd grabbed his ball holder. Carefully, he shimmied the fabric of along his penis so that it was completely covered. He then reached in and grabbed a pair of pants with a large hole in the crotch and slid them up his legs, careful to push his whole dick through the opening in the crotch. Taking a quick look in the mirror to make sure the fabric over his penis covered all of his skin, he buttoned up the top button of his pants cinching them about his waist. He then grabbed the tip of his cock sock just as he would have done with a belt and pulled it around his waist, making sure to catch some of the metal loops on the outside of the sleeve in the loops where his belt would normally go. Completing the loop around his back, he took the strap on the tip and tied off a knot in the front to the belt loop of his pants. He made sure to give himself some slack so that he could bend at the waist and to anyone looking on it would have appeared like Tyler was walking around with a large body pillow wrapped around his waist. Satisfied he reached into the closet and pulled out a shirt and tossed it over his head, careful to tuck it into his pants to avoid chaffing his stomach and lower chest against the fabric of his cock sock. Finally, he hopped around a little pulling his socks on and slipped into his shoes before grabbing his backpack and phone and heading off to class.

***

"So babe any guesses yet?"

"Are they free guesses?" Tyler sipped at his drink as he and Sam lounged in one of the cafeterias on campus. "Because if this is like twenty questions I'm pretty sure I can narrow it down."

"Keep dreaming," Sam snorted her face buried in the text book in front of her. "I already gave you a hint, and a generous one at that."

"So you keep saying," Tyler chuckled, "But somehow I think you were a little delusional after pleasing little Ty."

"Little Ty," Sam chuckled, "Isn't so little anymore?"

"What do you mean by 'anymore?'"

Sam looked up from her book a slight blush on her cheeks, "I meant, uh, that he probably hasn't been considered 'little' for quite a while."

"Well I guess everything is relative," Tyler shrugged resting his arms easily atop his sleeved penis like someone would in an armchair. "But I suppose when you're a half a foot flaccid at age five it throws off your perspective."

"I'm sure," Sam rolled her eyes, but Tyler was sure he could see a little flush come to her cheeks before she hunched back over her book. Leaning back like he was Tyler could see her breasts hang magnificently inside the loose blouse she had put on this morning. He could almost make out the outline of the bra cups when she did that, which he was pretty sure was exactly why she was wearing such a cleavage displaying shirt. As she wrote notes in the book beneath her, Tyler watched as every time she erased one of her notes the fleshy spheres within her shirt set to shaking like Jell-O. He remembered the night she'd convinced him to trade a bra for one of his ball holders and the two set about laughing when both actually fit the other.

"If you're done staring down my shirt," Sam said without looking up, "You should probably study for that test you have this afternoon."

"If I don't know it by now, I'm not going to learn it in the next hour." Tyler replied as he absently picked up his notebook and began thumbing through it.

"It's not fair that you can just 'know' thermodynamics." Sam huffed, "Here I am struggling with basic Psych."

"That's because you have to memorize definitions for that. I'm all about application and understanding the underlying principles." Tyler shrugged, "And that's why I'm studying Chemical Engineering and not trying to make my way into Med School." Suddenly he narrowed his eyes, "Is that it? Did you switch our majors and make me a science nerd?"

Sam looked up from her notebook and raised an eyebrow, "Is that your final answer?"

"Heck no," Tyler laughed. "Besides if that's what you did you'd at least make yourself good at Psych."

"Touché," Sam smirked. She set her pencil down and leaned back stretching her shoulders and thrusting her chest out in the process. "So you really haven't got any ideas?"

"I'll get it don't you worry. I'm already planning out what I'm going to do to you tomorrow."

"Someone's cocky." Sam said then snorted a little. "Get it?"

"Ha, ha," Tyler clapped mockingly, "that's the first time I've heard that one."

"No need to be such a dick about it."

Sam and Tyler stared at each other for a moment before erupting in laughter.

***

"Ugh I probably didn't answer a single one of those definitions right."

"You say that after every exam and you always end up doing just fine," Tyler put his arm around his girlfriend's shoulder and kissed her on the forehead.

Sam looked up at him and sighed, "And you always come out of exams looking so cheerful and happy. It's kinda frustrating; although not nearly as much as coming out of all my exams and seeing you standing there because you finished yours early. Don't you check your work?"

"If I answered the question, I answered it as right as I thought it could be the first time," Tyler shrugged, "going back just gives me a chance to change it to the wrong answer."

"Sometimes I envy you, you know that?"

"I know, but at least I'm not a complete dick about it."

That earned him a little chuckle from Sam and he knew he'd made her happier. The two of them were approaching the courtyard separating the dorm from the field house where the two parted ways after class every day. Sam turned to him and pecked him on the cheek before asking, "So what are you going to do while I'm at practice?"

"I was thinking I'd use the book to cast a spell so that I could win-OW, I was only joking!" Tyler chuckled rubbing his ribs where Sam had elbowed him.

"Good, because if you try that's an automatic negative ten points."

"Making up the rules as we go are we?"

"Cheaters must be punished." Sam wagged her finger at Tyler, "and that's just the first offense."

Laughing Tyler clapped Sam's shoulder with his hand that was wrapped around her. "No, I think I might upload that video from last night though...if you're still alright with it?"

Looking up at Tyler she had a puzzled look on her face as though she was searching her memories for something. "What video are you..." Then her eyes lit up and she blushed a little, "You mean THAT video."

"of course I mean THAT video," Tyler rolled his eyes. "Unless you're having second thoughts. I mean I don't have to, but you know the viewers would LOVE it."

"Just watch it first yourself and make sure that the glamour I used to change my face so that I'm not recognized holds up through the whole thing." Sam whispered as they came to a stop at the courtyard. "I don't need to tell you that being in a sex tape would get me kicked off the team for sure."

"Scouts honor," Tyler stood with his hand over his heart. Then he relaxed and hugged Sam one last time, "After all we established that I'm only mostly a dick."

Sam smiled and kissed him before turning back towards the field house. "I seem to remember saying something to that effect last night." Then grinning even wider she shouted back, "And I expect a guess when I get back after practice!"

Tyler smiled mischievously back and waved at the retreating form of Sam as she trotted off towards the field house and he turned back towards the dorm room.

***

Although he'd done this sort of thing with dozens of women in the past, some he knew intimately, others for just a couple hours, he was always surprised at just how fired up he got watching himself in sex tapes. And beyond that, after only a few minutes into the video he remembered what he had discovered the night before: none of those experiences even came close to how he had felt with Sam.

Not that you could tell it was her in the video. Her glamour had held up well, and the raven haired beauty shared none of Sam's facial features, even if her body was simply a more enhanced version of the already curvaceous girl. The video was now beyond the strip tease portion that Sam had improvised for the camera at the start and Tyler was watching as Sam seamlessly transitioned her attention to the second camera which showed both of their bodies from the side. She was straddling his waist and facing away from him, her breasts resting on the tops of his legs. After a few gyrations of her hips something began to rise between her breasts, the sheet still covering what looked like Tyler's leg rising into the air. 

"Mmmm I think he likes me," Sam's altered voice moaned through the speakers. She grasped the pole with her hands and pulled the sheet down to her naked waist revealing Tyler's monster cock. "I wonder how big I can make it?" Her hands cupped her breasts moving them up and down on the rod of flesh in front of her as it continued to rise. It wasn't long before even at an angle the tip of Tyler's semi erect state stood taller than her kneeling body. From the video Tyler could clearly see what he felt last night and when Sam moaned, "I didn't think a cock existed that I couldn't wrap my titties around."

It was at that moment Sam stood up on the bed and hands still trying to squeeze her breasts around the large slab of meat between them. But for the first time Tyler could hear himself moan in pleasure when Sam's tongue plunged deep into the slit of his cock head. Slowly her tongue made its way around the top of his still swelling cock, reminding Tyler of the sensations he had felt the previous night. He knew that her glamour had also taken away some of her height, leaving her at a little under five and half feet tall. At the time she had said it was to accentuate her assets, but now Tyler knew better. Especially as he watched on the video the part he remembered so well from last night. When Sam's tongue could no longer reach the tip of his cock and instead she was licking around the base of the glans pausing for only a moment to gasp out, "I never thought I'd find a cock bigger than me. God I want you inside of me!"

At that moment Sam gently leaned forward on Tyler's erect monster forcing it back to the bed. Her breasts forgotten but still trying to encase his enormous erection while her hands found themselves running along the seemingly endless flesh of his pleasure organ. The camera swapped views again, to the one right above Tyler's head, showing what he had seen the night before as his cock descended. Sam was riding it like a jockey on their prize horse, her knees drawn up, giving Tyler and the camera a beautiful view of her luscious ass and absolutely dripping wet pussy. He remembered wanting to reach forward and use his hands to pleasure her, but she had told him before the video he was not to touch her during the video. She wanted everyone to know that it was simply the size of his cock alone that filled her with ecstasy. At the time he had complied, but now all he wanted was to thrust into that now gyrating pussy on the screen. Especially as Sam had finally gotten his cock to lay relatively flat and was now sliding into a bull riding position. Slowly at first, but then faster and faster her hips gyrated and slid up and down his cock. He could remember the feeling of her lubrication against his hot skin as the cool air reached places she had been and left only to return again. 

This continued for a few minutes, the camera switching between views, until finally Sam began to slow down, her body sliding further and further forward until she was resting near the head of Tyler's cock. "Mmm that was amazing," the Sam on screen gasped, the sweat visible on her face. She bent her head down and placed a couple of kisses and a quick lick on the tip of Tyler's cock causing it to twitch. "I think it's about time for me to finish him off don't you think? Oh but what I wouldn't give to be able to fit this massive cock inside me." She paused to lick and kiss Tyler's cock some more causing it to twitch shake despite her weight atop it. "I would love to feel the gallons of hot cum pour inside me, as thrust after thrust," she accentuated these words with thrust of her own body atop Tyler's cock causing it to twitch even more, "of this enormous dick stretched me beyond reason. But I think we can try something else, how much do you think I can swallow?" Tyler then watched for the first time what it was that Sam had done to him the night before, her tongue tracing a line from the rim of his glans to the tip of his cock. Then her mouth wrapped around it and her cheeks puffed up with a big breath before she released it down his cock. What followed he remembered clearly, as he could hear himself moan in pleasure in the background and Sam's body shook violently atop his penis. From her position atop his cock with her head leaned over his cock he watched as her head nearly snapped back at the wave of white fluid pouring forth from his cock as the camera went black.

"You know my mouth still hurts from that stunt."

Tyler spun around quickly in his chair, a loud *THUMP* echoing through the room as his semi erect cock slapped into the wood of his desk. "Sam I, uh, wasn't, umm..." His voice trailed off as a mixture of pleasure and embarrassment colored his face.
