 Sam found herself looking forward to getting back to her dorm room after their long practice. It wasn't because she was tired, although she certainly could feel the ache and slow burn creep into her muscles following a good hard practice. More than that she was excited to see Tyler. She had been thinking about him a lot lately, something that wasn't entirely unexpected given the past couple weeks they'd spent together. Sam had been clear that she didn't want anything permanent until Tyler had a chance to get over what had happened with Megan. "That didn't exactly stop you from sleeping with him that night, or a couple days later, or last night," She quietly smirked. 

It wasn't Sam's intention to lead him on, but to be perfectly honesty she hadn't expected him to be that good. She couldn't help but skip a little as she thought about what the two of them had done last night. Smiling she remembered that it was the first time he had woken up before her following one of their trysts and she hadn't left his bed yet. It wasn't the first time she stayed a little for some post sex cuddling, but it was the first time he'd noticed. Sam remembered the feeling of having her hair stroked when she woke up, but more importantly the look on Tyler's face when she had cuddled up a little closer to his bare chest.

"I'll get him back for that tonight," Sam whispered to herself as she turned the corner and walked down the hallway to their dorm room. She thought of all the ways she could tease him, and looked down almost instinctively at her breasts pushed together tightly in her sports bra. "Too obvious," she muttered, but not before stroking her chest a little as if to tell her breasts they hadn't done anything wrong. She was only steps away from the door now and sighed, "Guess I'll have to think of something, maybe invite him into the shower with me," she smiled mischievously. 

As Sam stepped through the door she was surprised to see Tyler laying back on the bed, propped up on one elbow. "Yo Sam." Tyler waved without looking up from the book that was propped out in front of him on his bed. 

Sam recognized the book instantly and sighed, "Do I really have to find another hiding spot for that?"

"I'm half tempted to find one for you," Tyler chuckled still head down glancing at the page in front of him. "Your hiding spots kinda suck. I mean under your mattress, really? Did you not have any siblings?"

"There's nothing wrong with under the bed, so long as you don't have a roommate who's snooping around looking for something that isn't his." Sam rolled her eyes as she pulled her shirt over her head and tossing it into the hamper. Glancing quickly over her shoulder she saw that Tyler hadn't even looked up from the book. "Well, guess it's time to get his attention." Sam thought to herself with a grin as she reached under her arms and slid the bra up over her head and tossed it aside. "Why don't you look at something a lot nicer than that stupid book that you can't even read anyways." Sam voice dripped seduction, and although she stood back to him, she was sure she had his attention now.

"What do you mean I can't read it? I can read this page just fine-"

"What?!"

Tyler finally looked up from the book on his bed and Sam saw his eyes go wide at the sight of her. "Wow, didn't know you were going topless tonight."

"Never mind that!" Sam crossed the room and ripped the book from Tyler's hands and held it up in front of his face. "You can read this? As in you see words on this page?"

"Uh, that is how reading works Sam." Tyler's brow knit with worry, "Did you get hit in the head with a stick during practice? Because we can get you to the trainer if you think you might have a concussion-"

"I don't have a concussion!" Sam shook her head vigorously before looking at the book and gesturing to the top of the page, "What does it say here in the first line?"

Tyler still looked at her worried but obliged, "It says, 'the transformative spells listed within this section adhere to the laws of the zodiac as described in subsection three of transformative spells and their effectiveness-"

"You can read this!"

"Uh of course I can read, Sam. Are you sure you're alright?"

Sam blinked as she looked down over the top of the book at Tyler, his face a mask of pure concern. Taking a deep breath Sam closed the book in front of her and turned her back on Tyler to place the book on her own bed. "He shouldn't be able to read this," was the only thought coursing through her head. "Only people like me can read that book, and at that only a few people. He shouldn't be able to-" She felt a warm hand touch her shoulder and trace its way down to the small of her back and up again.

"Sam are you alright? You're scaring me."

Turning around she saw that Tyler had backed away a step to give her some space. "Yes, that's what I need, space." She thought as she saw Tyler's frightened face. Taking another deep breath, she regained her composure and crossed her arms over her chest. "Did you read any of the spells allowed from the book?"

"No I was just skimming through it." Tyler shrugged, "Figured you had to have some sort of magical power to be able to actually cast anything, but just to be sure I never tested it."

"Well that's good at least," Sam turned and picked up the book and walked over to her backpack. "Look I don't want you to freak out, but I'm going to take this with me, just to make sure you don't feel tempted to try anything."

"Okay, but where are you going?"

"I need some space and some time to think about this."

"Think about what? Did I do something wrong?"

She sighed as she stood back up and looked back at Tyler, confusion and a little pain surging through his face. "No Ty, you didn't do anything wrong. Well, not yet anyways. But, look, I just need some time to figure out how to deal with this. By all rights you shouldn't be able to even see letters on the page, let alone read them. So I just need some time by myself to figure out what that means."

"Alright I guess." Tyler said resigned to the fact that he wasn't going to get anything more than that at the moment.

"Thanks, I'll be back later and explain it to you then alright?" She took a couple steps towards him and kissed him quickly before turning back towards the door, grabbing the backpack as she passed her bed.

As she got to the door and put her hand on the door knob she heard Tyler whisper, "Uh Sam?" Sam turned to face Tyler who simply pointed back at her, "the girls might get a little cold going out like that. Not that I think anyone would mind though."

Sam looked down at her chest and realized she was still shirtless and her nipples were at this point rock hard standing out from her cooling body. With a sigh and a smile, she turned to her closet, grabbed a sweatshirt and slung it over her head eliciting a mock sigh from Tyler. It was then she knew that Tyler understood, his mock humor was his sign of acceptance that he trusted her and they were good as far as he was concerned. "Now I just have to make that a reality." Sam thought as she opened the door and headed for a long walk in the fading sunshine.

***

Tyler stood patiently inside the small room that Sam had ushered him into while she hesitantly closed the door behind them. Although she had come back the night before and explained to him that she was going to teach him some basic principles of magic today, she hadn't revealed much more than that. Which was why, when Sam finally turned around and looked at him standing there, arms across his chest, he asked, "So explain to me again why we're doing this in the Library and not in the privacy of our room?"

With a huff Sam hurried past him to the table and gestured for him to sit down. He sighed and set his backpack down beside him, only to hear her slam the large leather bound volume on the table in front of them her hand firmly atop it. "Because, I wanted to lay down some ground rules pertaining to my training you."

"Okay...but did it have to be a public place?"

"It's the library Tyler," Sam said gesturing around at the empty study room and then to the door, "how many people did you see on the way in here like a half dozen?"

"Alright but that still doesn't -"

"Rule number one." Sam interrupted holding a finger up, "No magic in the dorm room. I don't want to come back and see floating pens and shit moving on its own."

"Okay so that kinda explains why we're here in the library."

"Rule number two," Sam continued un-phased, "No performing magic on another magician. Mainly no performing magic on me or on yourself."

"But wait," Tyler blurted out, "You did magic to me before we went to go meet my ex. So you broke the rules."

"Who said these rules applied to me?" Sam held up her finger pointing it directly at Tyler, "These are rules for YOU. And I assumed it went without saying that these rules are all of the 'do as I say, not as I do' variety." She watched as Tyler opened his mouth and closed it again without making a noise, clearly annoyed. "And the last one for now that I think we'll need is that you don't do anything without me present. I'm not going to be picking up your mess because you do something stupid you can't fix yet."

"There any particular order to these rules? You know like the 'Three Laws' from Asimov?" Tyler snorted.

"Yes, they're all important." Sam said leaning back in her chair and exhaling heavily. "Look, I know you're probably pissed at me for acting like this-"

"Ya think."

"Don't make me add a rule for interrupting me." Sam wagged her finger mockingly. "But I am sorry, I just, well, I never expected to meet anyone else who could read the book." She sighed and smiled weakly at Tyler, "let alone one of my best friends, and on top of that agreeing to teach them."

"I guess I didn't quite realize what I was asking when I said I wanted to know everything." Tyler set his arms on the table, and gently stroked the binding of the book. "I guess I also didn't know that even among you magicians this book is special."

"I'll give you the history lesson later," Sam smiled mischievously, "Unless you wanted the lecture now?"

"Dear God no."

"Good because it's boring as hell." Sam leaned forward and taking care she opened the book to the table of contents and scanned it briefly. Without a word she simply pointed to a spot on the page and then lifting her hand away Tyler watched as the pages turned themselves, quickly stopping at what he assumed was the page Sam had pointed to. "Alright let's start with the basics, levitation and telekinesis." Sam said with a smile spinning the book around so that Tyler could read it. "Let's start with the first spell on the page here, see what it says?"

"Uh, no."

"The one at the top of the page," Sam gestured to the book, pointing to the top of the page. "The one that says, 'Basics of telekinesis and Mastery of the Mind.'"

"I'm telling you Sam, there's nothing there." Tyler sighed as he looked up to meet her eyes, "I believe that's what it says, but to me the page just looks blank."

"You're kidding?" Sam grumbled. "Hang on a second," she reached down and closed her eyes, placing her finger on the page. Tyler watched the pages' flip on their own again before Sam again pointed to the top of the page. "What about this one?" Tyler shook his head as he stared down at a blank page once more.

Looking down at the book in disgust Sam closed it with a clap, only to open it again to the main cover and table of contents. "You can read this right?"

"Yep it's the table of contents."

"Alright what's the first category you can actually read underneath it?"

Tyler's eyes scanned the page until he got about halfway down, "Transformative Magic."

"Of course it would be that." Sam groaned. "I was afraid of that."

"Is that bad?"

"No, it's just a whole heck of a lot more noticeable. Should have guessed when I did that little trick with your ex it would awaken that aspect first."

"So this will let me do things like..."

"Like switch genitals with someone," Sam filled in Tyler's unspoken sentence, "Ya that's exactly what this will let you do. After some practice of course." Sam used her finger to flip to another page within the book and Tyler watched as something seemed to shimmer around her arms. Placing one hand on the book, Tyler glanced down at what Sam was reading aloud, only to realize that the page appeared blank to him. Giving up on that he saw Sam extend one of her hands towards the door and the shimmering around her arm leapt towards it. What looked like a wave of light struck the door and expanded outwards, forming what looked like a large flat mirror. Only Tyler watched as instead of seeing their reflection the surface rippled outwards from the center, and the surface was soon replaced with a vision of a girl asleep in her dorm room.

"This is called scrying," Sam said snapping Tyler's gaze back to his roommate. "It can be used to show you a vision of whatever you're focusing on."

"So this is real? Like this is someone sleeping right now?"

"Yes it is." Sam answered, but continued cutting Tyler off before he could open his mouth. "And yes it has a limit range and yes there are certain magicians who were quite the voyeurs in their lifetimes." Tyler smiled a little at that and Sam continued, "Also the girl lying there is Andrea, one of the girls from my field hockey team. It helps to have some sort of positive bond with the person or thing you are looking for while scrying."

"Okay," Tyler blushed as his gazed returned to Andrea as the mirror showed her kicking off her covers revealing a pair of panties around her waist and a t-shirt hanging loosely about her shoulders. Shaking his head and turning back to Sam with a slight blush to his cheeks, "So why is it that we're spying on Andrea?"

"It's scrying, not spying." Sam shook her head. "And to answer your question, transformative magic requires you to physically see or touch the person or object you're looking to transform."

"So you want me to transform your teammate?"

"That is why I conjured this up." Sam grinned. "And don't worry about her waking up, she was out partying heavily last night, I bet she'll still be hung over by the time practice starts this afternoon." Getting up from the table, and crossing to the other side she sat down next to Tyler on the bench and threw her arm around his shoulder and pointed to the book with her other hand, "So whatcha wanna do to her?"

"Uh...I don't know, I mean, ummm."

Sam laughed and planted a quick kiss on Tyler's cheek before pulling the book closer to her. "I love how cute you are when you're indecisive. Look, you've got total freedom here, well short of killing her of course. Nothing you could do is going to shock me, remember I did all of this for the first time too." She giggled again as Tyler felt himself blushing. "Alright I'll start things off so you can see how it's done." Tyler watched as she flipped to a page and placed her finger on a spell in the book. "Now Ty, watch my hand and the page before you look up and see what happened." Sam nodded towards the book, alerting Tyler's gaze to the book and the line of text which instead of being its normal black ink was shining golden. "Now when you cast a spell you can either think of the target, as specific as you are willing to go, or you can say it out loud. Normally you would never have to say the spell aloud either, simply placing your finger on the correct spell will do. But if you want increased...potency, saying it aloud is the best way to get more bang for your buck." Sam whispered into Tyler's ear.

"Kinda like you did with the scrying spell."

"Exactly," Sam grinned, and Tyler noticed that the ink on the page beneath Sam's finger was fading back to black. As she lifted her hand she used her other hand to direct Tyler's gaze towards the scrying mirror and whispered into his ear, "Now watch and you tell me if you can tell what I did."

Tyler turned back towards the mirror and watched as Andrea's body squirmed a little in the bed. It didn't take him long to realize what Sam had done. Andrea's body rolled to the side and Tyler could see her breasts drape themselves across her left arm. Within moments, Andrea's arm was nearly completely obscured by the swelling and billowing mass of her t-shirt. The shirt seemed to have quite the elasticity to it, as Tyler watched it creep further and further up her stomach, more and more of it being required above to continue to cover her swelling breasts. Another turn of Andrea's body and she was once again on her back, Tyler staring in awe at the sheer size of her breasts. On her back now the t-shirt was stretched nearly to bursting, without it Tyler was sure her breasts would have looked like two pillows beneath her splayed arms. Instead, her entire stomach was bare, showing off her bellybutton piercing, and the cream colored flesh of her now enormous breasts peeking out from beneath the hem of her shirt. 

"What did you do?" Tyler gasped, his face flushed with both arousal and embarrassment. 

"I simply cast an expansion spell on her breasts," Sam giggled behind him.

"How can she breathe with those?" Tyler asked incredulously. As if in response Andrea turned again onto her side, her completely outstretched arm covered completely to her wrist by the swell of her t-shirt. Andrea's other arm swung over the top of her breasts, barely able to reach around the mounds as she squeezed them tightly like anyone else would a body pillow. "And how big are they?" Tyler finally managed to get out.

"I actually have no idea," Sam said. "I wanted to show you one of the other benefits to magic."

"Which is?"

"You don't need to be specific." Sam tapped her finger against the spell in the book, "when I cast this, I focused on her breasts growing large enough to completely fill her shirt without it causing her pain, or breaking the shirt." She then gestured to her sleeping teammate who was still snuggling with her massive breasts in her sleep. "That was the result." After a brief pause, Sam tapped Tyler on the shoulder, "care to give it a shot, or are you just going to stare the whole time?"

Tearing his eyes away from the scene of Sam's now ridiculously well-endowed teammate hugging her breasts, Tyler looked down at the book in front of the two of them, "So how do I do the whole *whoosh* thing to get to the page I want?"

"Just put your finger down on the page and think about what you want to do," Sam shrugged, "if you can actually cast the spell it'll flip to the page you had in mind."

Nodding Tyler placed his hand on the page and after a few seconds lifted his hand from the book watching as the pages flipped until two spells appeared. "Uh which one do I want to use? They both say the same thing." Tyler gestured to the page and pointed to it.

"Is one of them in red and the other in black?" Sam asked. 

"Can't you see it?" Judging by the slight glare he got from Sam he answered quickly, "Yes, the top one is in black and the bottom one is in red."

"To answer your first question you want to cast the top one, always cast the black inked spells." Sam sighed again, "And no I can't see the bottom one, but I'll tell you what it does later."

"So there are things you can't do?" Tyler elbowed her in the ribs lightly. "Guess I should go find another teacher."

"Just cast the spell already before I do something to you."

Tyler laughed and placed his finger on the top spell of the page and recited the words in his head. He remembered what Sam had said about being specific versus broad, but this time he knew exactly what he wanted to try out. Closing his eyes and focusing on the image in his head, he felt a surge of warmth flow over his body. It was like someone had wrapped him in a warm blanket. A really warm blanket. But as soon as the warmth came, it left and was replaced almost immediately by desire and ecstasy. He could feel his body growing flush, the redness of arousal rising to his cheeks, the pleasant and nearly erotic feeling of euphoria flowing through him caused his cock to stir within his pants. He could feel himself growing harder, the pleasure so intense, and instinctively he knew it was the magic, but he didn't care, it was just so-
