 Sam scrambled to close the book on her bed as she heard the doorknob turn. Fuck I can't put this back on the shelf, she thought stuffing the book underneath her pillow. I was almost positive I locked the damn door too-

"Hey roomy."

"Ty!" Sam jumped up on her bed, "I wasn't expecting you until tomorrow night."

"Yah, rough night with the girl- er, with Megan."

"Ty..." Sam whispered cautiously looking at him standing in the doorway. "What happened?"

"I just don't...I don't..." his voice trailed off and his head hung to the ground. When he looked back up he had tears in his eyes. "She's cheating on me."

Sam was up from her bed immediately, crossing the room in a few strides. With one arm she grabbed Ty in a tight embrace, while with the other she pushed the door closed behind him. "Hey come inside, no sense in letting the rest of the dorm know about this yet." Tyler allowed himself to be led towards his bed, it was only a few short shuffling steps, but Sam let him cling heavily to her. He almost didn't seem to have the strength to move on his own without her support. 

Letting him down slowly to his bed she watched him practically collapse in on himself. His body looked to implode, all the sensations and feelings Sam had seen so many times from his face and body language replaced entirely by sadness and despair. She sat down next to him, her arm around his shoulder, holding him as she knew he would have done for her. "Whenever you're ready I'm here."

"Thanks." Tyler sobbed. She could tell he was struggling to get his emotions in check.

Suddenly she was chilled to the core by a single piercing thought, "Ty...this wasn't because of me, was it?"

Sam felt sick as she said it. Deep down she knew that it must be the reason. She'd been there once, in Megan's position and had felt all the jealousy, all the cold rage, and knew what she would have done in that situation. She flinched as Tyler's face turned up to meet her own.

And through the tears an earsplitting grin greeted her eyes. "Of course not."

"Ty, I'm serious. I'll go...I don't know. Beat the shit out of her I guess." Sam shook her head. "If that little tart was so afraid of me that she hurt you-"

"I told you it wasn't you." Tyler sniffed, his emotions coming back under his control. Sam watched as his hands clenched and unclenched, stretching his fingers to the max and then curling them into a tight fist. His breathing slowed down; his eyes closed as breath entered through his dilated nostrils and out in a constant slow stream from his mouth. She knew he was calming himself down, and that any minute he'd have control again, she just had to wait. "It wasn't your fault Sam. You just happened to be a convenient excuse."

"What?"

Tyler stood up slowly and walked towards his desk, grabbing a tissue and holding it to dab his eyes. After blowing his nose he elaborated, "The night started out fine, dinner, small talk, the usual." He came back and sat down on the bed. "She got up to go to the bathroom before we left and I saw her phone buzz. Without even thinking twice I reached over and answered the text message she'd gotten thinking it was her roommate or something."

Tyler shook his head and took a deep breath before continuing, "The text read, 'hey sexy when you gonna break up with that asshole so I can be the only cock you've sucked tonight.'"

"THAT BITCH!"

Tyler for his part let out a small chuckle, "It gets better believe me. I just assumed it was a wrong number, so I went to respond and tell this fucker off. I opened up her texts, and saw a string of texts from this number, and that she had them under the name Jack. One of them was from earlier today, with a picture of his dick, with the caption, 'Now that you're done talking to that asshole and the slut you were telling me about, this is in the back waiting for you.'"

Sam was shaking with rage, but she kept it at a smolder. She was here for Tyler, but knew there was more to the story and let him continue. "So I set her phone back down, and when she came back told her she got a text. She looked at her phone, I could see her eyes go wide as she asked me if I read it. I lied and told her I hadn't. She winced a little, but I had paid the bill so we left and got in the car. On the way back I asked her how her new manager Jack was doing at the coffee shop. She told me that he was 'fitting in well' and I lost it. I asked her if she was cheating on me. You know what she said?"

Sam knew it was a rhetorical question so she just held his gaze.

"She said, 'Well you can have fuck two girls so why can't I fuck two guys?'" Tyler sighed and tears formed in his eyes again. "She told me that as soon as she knew about you she came to a game to see you and once she saw you she just assumed I was cheating on her. So she thought it was fair for her to sleep around too."

"Tyler I'm sorry-"

"And you know what the best part was?" Tyler yelled almost in hysterics, "She told me if I promised to stop sleeping with you she would forgive me and stop having sex with Jack." Tyler shook his head tears now freely flowing again. "Can you believe that? She would forgive me! Are you fucking kidding?" He steadied himself, and lowered his voice almost to a whisper, "I just left her at her apartment. Kicked her out of the car on the curb and started back here. I was driving past the coffee shop and saw him in the window."

"Tyler you didn't-"

"I stopped the car and got out," he cut her off continuing in his soft voice. "I went inside and saw him at a table taking an order. I walked over and shouted, 'Your little cum slut is waiting at her place. Why don't you take the night off and go plow her right in the ass you fucking prick.' And then I punched him right in the jaw. He went down in a heap, knocked him right out. And I was pretty proud of myself, until I saw that the table he was serving was two cops."

"Ty you're joking."

"Nope, they cuffed me on the spot. Impounded my car which I had left running in the middle of the road, and I spent the night in jail." He sighed before continuing, although his voice now sounded hollow. "I have a meeting tomorrow with the school disciplinary committee, not much they can do to me, but I still have to go since I'm a student here. The police already talked to my parents and the school and most likely I'll be placed on house arrest-"

"So you'll have to leave?"

"You didn't quite let me finish." Tyler put his finger up signaling her to wait. "But they understand that I'm the top of my engineering class and so I've been granted house arrest here at school until they can find out if Jack is going to press charges." Tyler shrugged, "It's the best I could hope for. The cops don't think he will. It's tons of paperwork and legal fees that he probably doesn't want right now since he just took over the place." Finally he sighed, "It was just stupid of me, should've just come back here."

"No, stupid is what she did to you."

"Sam, I know that tone." Tyler put his hand on her arm, "That's the tone you have when that bitch forward from Lostra comes to town for a game. I don't want you to do anything to Megan, just let me deal with it. I've done enough already."

Sam struggled to control her rage, but she did and slowly forced it back down. "I promise I won't do anything to Megan."

"That includes using the book." Tyler nodded towards the pillow. "You really should be more careful with it."

"I promise I won't do anything to Megan." Sam said feigning exasperation, "and not everyone has keys you know to our room."

"The door was unlocked."

"Dammit!" she shouted grinning the whole time. She was taken aback by Tyler as he rested his head against her shoulder and she could feel the tears dripping onto her t-shit. 

"You really are a great roommate you know. Even if it was on accident."

Sam just smiled and wrapped him in a hug before slowly easing out of the embrace. She walked to his desk and tossed him the box of tissues. "Take these and clean yourself up. I'm heading down to the dining hall to get some work done before practice tomorrow. Maybe get some food too, you wanna come?"

"I think I'll just hang out here." Tyler sniffed before blowing his nose, "Besides, prison food, while not great, is not actually all that terrible."

Sam and Tyler exchanged smiles and a laugh as Sam began packing up her backpack with some books and notes. When Tyler turned away she hastily snuck the book from underneath her pillow into the bag. Then with a smile, another hug, and a jingling of keys she was out of the door locking it behind her.

***

Jack hated closing. For pretty much the last hour and a half he was open lately not a single customer would show up. He'd often complained to the new district manager that the hours were ridiculous, that no matter how much he wanted to think so people didn't buy coffee at 9:00 PM. But Jack didn't get to make those kinds of rules and so he grumbled as the clock on the wall read 8:45. His frown deepened as he heard the door to the front slam shut, and turned already starting to groan when he stopped. 

Walking into the shop was none other than that slut Megan's, thankfully now ex, boyfriend had brought in the other day. He couldn't help but smile as the girl began walking towards the counter. She looked like she had just rolled out of bed, her tank top fit snuggly against her huge breasts while riding up slightly to show the slight hint of abs above her belly button. Below that Jack got a quick glimpse of her long legs and tight butt framed by short shorts that covered barely any of her thighs. His view of her legs was quickly obscured though as she walked towards the counter and slid herself into one of the high bar chairs. 

"Can I help you honey?"

The girl looked up at Jack giving him a sly smile. He'd used his best proprietor voice, and could tell this girl appreciated it. She slung her backpack off her back, and set it on the stool next to her, "What time do you close? I'd hate to have you make something if you're just about to close up."

"For you honey I'll stay open as late as you want." Jack smiled laying it on thick.

The girl smiled and a twinkle flashed in her eyes, "no need to do that, I'll just a hazelnut coffee with cream and two sugars."

"Late night?" Jack asked reaching for the pot as the girl pulled a book from her bag and set it on the counter top with a small notebook beside it. He heard her mumble something, but didn't quite catch it.

"Depends," the girl said loud enough for Jack to hear this time just as he turned back around to face her. "I'm trying to decide if this guy I know finds me attractive."

"No offense honey, but you're a fine looking woman."

"None taken," the girl smiled slyly. "But tell me seriously, why is it that all guys have to have types?" She gestured to her own body, "I mean aren't I perfect?"

Jack didn't know why, but he answered her truthfully, "Honestly if you asked I'd do you right here on the counter."

"Come on a guy like you probably has a hot piece of ass waiting for him when he gets out." The woman said sipping her coffee.

"Yah, but I could care less about her. She just broke up with her boyfriend so she's got some emotional shit going on. If I went over there it'd be for a quick fuck and I'd be out of there."

Jack thought he saw something dangerous flash in the girl's eyes, but as quick as it was there it was gone. "So what's this chick got that I don't? Obviously something's stopping you from taking me right here?"

"You just ain't my type." Jack shrugged. He knew it was true, but then again he hadn't found a single woman yet who was his "type."

"Oh and what's this type of yours?"

"You really wanna know, huh?" Jack raised his eyebrow, unsure why this girl was having this conversation with him. Strangely though he felt obliged to talk to her, to tell her what he really thought. He sniffed and itched at the gauze wrapped around his nose where that asshole from last night had broken it. It wasn't the first time, but it sure didn't feel any better.

"Sure, tell me why I'm not hot enough for you."

"Well I didn't say you weren't hot enough," Jack said waving his hands disarmingly, "I just, well, I just don't like controlling women."

"You like to be the dominant personality." The girl nodded, writing something on her notebook, "your dream girl has to be the submissive one. Do whatever you tell her to right?"

"Yah, that's the way it's supposed to be."

"That's it then? I'm just too forward? Other than that I'm perfect?"

"Well I didn't say that," Jack blurted out. "I mean you're way too tall."

"Little me?" the girl laughed. "I'm only five ten. You've got to be at least six feet."

"Six one thank you. And like I said, you're like ten inches too tall to be honest."

"So like what? Children?" The girl cringed a little before grabbing her breasts, "so I'm guessing flat chests too right?"

"Heck no! I ain't no child molester." Jack shouted waving his hands furiously. "I like 'em big, bigger the better I always say. Wouldn't mind even bigger than yours."

This got an eyebrow raise from the girl, but was quickly replaced with a hungry grin. "And here I was worried that I had brought the wrong assets for this."

"Don't get me wrong a nice tight ass with just the right amount of jiggle is just as important."

"Of course, of course." the girl nodded her hand still writing in the notebook, "wouldn't want her to be too top heavy."

Jack nodded vigorously, his mind racing with all the ideas he's had for his ideal girl. When the girl finally sighed and set her finished coffee cup down she stretched and stood up picking up her backpack. "Thanks for the chat, Jack. When you close why don't you meet me out at my car..." she let the thought linger on the air unfinished. She winked at him and continued, "if that offer to plow me still stands."

Jack looked around as if in a daze. Glancing up at the wall he saw the clock read 9:20, I've been chatting for over a half an hour. Fuck, I still have to clean for first shift tomorrow. He looked towards the girl, clutching her book and notebook to her chest, her breasts forced upwards displaying generous amounts of flesh through her tank top. "Give me a second to clean up in here," then returning the wink, "the offer still stands."

"Don't keep me waiting too long." She sauntered out of the front door.

***

As Jack locked the front door he looked back quickly at the clock inside. 

"9:30 damn that has to be some kind of record." he whistled to himself pleased at not only his speedy cleanup, but also at the prospect of what was to come. Turning toward the street he saw the girl beckoning him closer around the corner toward the back parking lot. Jack gave it a single second of thought as to why she didn't just park out front on the street this late at night, but as the girl's tank top slipped off one shoulder that second was all the thought it received.

He didn't want to run, but Jack certainly didn't want to keep this girl waiting. His legs began to move and with each step he took his anticipation grew. He knew he was already building to an erection and that was just at the thought of the girl so he was surprised a little when he didn't feel it straining against his pants. He knew he must be close to full mast, but dismissed it. 

As he walked towards the alleyway he noticed something else felt, different. It was almost as though his steps weren't taking him as far as before. And something else felt different, his uniform wasn't nearly as tight across his shoulders as before. It was still tight across his chest, almost painfully so, as a matter of fact, but it wasn't until he reached the corner of the alley and turned into it that he truly noticed something wasn't right. Jack turned the corner and saw the girl beckoning to him a few feet away and he took one step towards her. 

And fell forward onto his chest. "Dammit, that hurts." Shouted out a voice that was too high pitched to belong to Jack. Horrified he reached up to his mouth as he realized the sound had come from his mouth. Looking down, eyes wide with fright he saw his shoes kicked off behind him, and his pants looked huge in their waist down around his ankles. At least, if he could see his ankles beyond the huge mounds of flesh that jutted up from his ass. Realization dawned on him as he heard a ripping sound from beneath him and felt the uncomfortable pressure centered around his upper back give way. Shirt and thread tore down the middle of his back as warm flesh pressed even more against his ribs and arms. 

"Wow those are bigger than mine."

Jack's eyes shot up to the girl, she was smiling in the moonlight, and was walking towards him. "What the fuck is going on?" His voice again sounded way to high pitch, and even cursing his voice had a sultry note to its tone.

"Let's just say I'm giving you what you described." the girl smiled. "Yours are bigger than mine."

Jack's eyes shot up to the girl, she was smiling in the moonlight, and was walking towards him. "What the fuck is going on?" His voice again sounded way to high pitch, and even cursing his voice had a sultry note to its tone.

"I'm giving you what you wanted." the girl smiled. "Your type."

"But how? I mean what? I don't...ooooohhhhh." Jack moaned as he felt something wet slide between his legs. The feeling was fleeting, but the wetness remained, running down his thighs.

"You just spent a half an hour describing your type to me, and I've been kind enough to bring it to life for you." The girl tut-tutted with her tongue, "The least you could do is show me some gratitude."

"I'll show you some fucking gratitude!" Jack roared as he hurried to his feet. He had already discarded his pants from down around his ankles and had every intention of laying this girl out cold. 

That was if his body didn't feel so out of balance. He stumbled forward a step; his massive chest slapping hard against his stomach as he stood. He could feel the flesh behind him jiggle loosely with the step, but he still had his dignity. Jack was going to show this bitch.

Until he realized he had to look up into her face. Way up.

"You were saying?"

"How did you get so tall?" Jack retreated a step, causing his massive endowments to shake and jiggle anew.

"I'm not tall, I'm still the same five foot ten I always was." She pointed to Jack, "You said you liked smaller women though. Ones with frankly outrageous proportions as you're probably now discovering since you've tried standing and walking. Those curves would be ridiculous for me to carry around, let alone on little four foot ten you."

"F-f-f-four..." Jack stammered.

"Yes four foot ten." She smiled. "You said I was way too tall for you."

Jack stared wide eyed up at the girl then back at himself. His hands reached down and cupped his massive chest. 

"They're like an L-cup or something." She twirled her hand nonchalantly. "I wasn't sure how much bigger than mine you meant. I mean I'm an H-cup which I thought was pretty big...at least until I saw those. You're gonna have a hard time finding bras for them, and don't even get me started on pants."

"Why did you do this to me?" Jack cried as he realized for the first time that his hair had fallen over his shoulders and rested atop his breasts. It had turned platinum blonde, a stark difference from his dark brown hair he was used to seeing atop his head. 

"Why? Because you fucked up my friend's relationship." Her voice had grown cold. "And he made me promise not to do anything to her. But he never said anything about you. Be thankful this is all I did."

"People will notice I'm gone!" Jack yelped struggling to find a way out of his predicament.

"No, they won't." Her voice remaining calm and definitely in control. "You will change into this body whenever you leave the coffee shop. Only in the coffee shop will you be able to have your old body, and when it closes regardless of whether you're inside or not you'll transform into your type." She said it with disgust as though she wanted to do more. "I haven't done any of the mental transformations that I could have. You certainly have a very specific view of your ideal woman I'll give you that. If that she's nothing more than a glorified sex slave to do your bidding."
