 The Adventures of Bethany Starglider

Part Two - On Mars

It was some hours later and the two girls had been fucking most of that time but the now exhausted Sarha had headed to her cabin for a rest. Bethany still needing some clothes had quickly washed and was now in Sarha's giant closet looking for an outfit.

Bethany was lost; the room was huge and full of many thousands of outfits and shoes. All very expensive and very revealing. She didn't know what to select, her recent experiences had made her decide that her old fashion sense was probably a little outdated but most of Sarha's clothes were just too revealing.

She walked down one aisle her hand running down the rack of clothes. There were mini-skirts, hot pants, bustiers, crop tops, bikinis and g-strings all in leather, latex, PVC or animal skin. As she touched the PVC it reminded her of how Sarha had been dressed earlier and it made her pussy tingle. She decided that PVC would defiantly be her material of choice. 

Then she saw the outfit she wanted, grabbing it and quickly putting it on she was soon admiring herself in the full-length mirror of the dressing room. The whole outfit was in light blue PVC, which looked delightful with her long, blonde hair. The top was a tight crop top, which covered her tits but had straps crossing her cleavage and back. She also wore a tiny g-string with the PVC material pushing high up her arse and dug into her pussy, Bethany thought the feeling was utterly divine. Over the G-string at the front she wore a simple PVC loincloth that just covered her groin but did nothing to hide her butt. To finish the outfit off she wore a pair of thigh high, stiletto heeled boots just like those Sarha had worn as they fucked only in these were in light blue. It was more daring than she really wanted but she couldn't deny that she looked incredible in it.

Bethany then headed to the main cabin and was surprised to see Sarha awake and at the ship's controls also a little disappointed to see she had dressed again.

"Bethany darling I like your new look, it's making me damp already." Sarha laughed as she saw Bethany.

"Your not the only one." She giggled in reply.

"Well that will have to wait I'm afraid, we're arriving on Mars to meet the other girls."

"Where are we meeting them?"

"A little bar in the space port that I know. They should be there by now we'll just land and get through customs." Sarha answered.

"Will that be a problem? I mean you did say you were a pirate."

"That's true but you forget Lara's a Captain in the Martian Marine Corp, she's managed to get us passports to get straight through customs. Which is a bloody good thing; Martian Customs tends to be manned by a mixture of trigger-happy marines and overzealous officials. But I guess that's what you get with a military dictatorship. And remember Bethany watch your self, this isn't some safe Earth arcology. The marines will arrest you for any minor offence so be on your best behaviour." 

"Sarha, I'm always well behaved. But should we change into something more, err, conservative?" Bethany said hoping that her new image wouldn't cause any trouble on the planet.

"God no. The marine corp is 80% male, these outfits may give us a little more leeway." Sarha answered, confident that her years of experience dodging the Marines and Lara's passes should mean they would have no problems.

**************

Sarha piloted the Dominator down through the Martian atmosphere towards the planet's main spaceport at the foot of Olympus Mons. As usual space traffic was light around the spaceport mostly just Marine Corp vessels and a few traders.

As the ship approached the spaceport the paranoid Martians sent a pair of Marine Fighters to escort them down the surface. All normal procedure for Mars Sarha assured Bethany. However the tons of military equipment flying around and on the ground was making Bethany nervous. She couldn't believe Lara would actually sign up with these people; she used to be such a nice, polite rich girl not a blood thirsty, weapons fetishist killer.

Following the Marine Fighters in the Dominator landed in a small bay a short distance away from the main landing pads. The bay was empty except for a marine squad standing by the main exit.

"Why have we landed here Sarha?" Bethany asked concerned by the huge guns the marines were carrying.

"I don't know. I could only follow the fighters down but this isn't the normal landing pads. We should go out and see what's going on."

The two PVC clad hotties left the main cabin and headed off down the landing ramp. As the pair reached the bottom the marine squad parted from the doors and an officer clad in full ceremonial uniform walked out and towards the girls.

"Welcome to Mars. I am Major Jerok and it is my and the Marine Corps honour to greet you." Said the officer. Bethany was stunned, this wasn't the welcome she was expecting and neither was this dashing young man what she expected for a marine. She had taken quite a fancy to him and only hoped the acres of flesh she had on display would please him. However as she and Sarha moved forward to greet the Major it become clear that like so many men before he was transfixed by Sarha and more precisely her mammoth tits.

"That's very kind of you Major but I have to say I wasn't expecting such a reception." Sarha said whilst managing to make a hand shake a sexual act.

"That's OK, Captain Jones is it?" Sarha nodded her head. "You will find that on Mars unlike some decadent worlds treat diplomatic guests very well."

"Diplomatic guests?" Bethany asked trying to ignore the drool dripping from the Major's mouth as he stared at Sarha.

"Err, yes. That is what your computer transmitting your passports as, you are diplomats aren't you?" The Major asked as he desperately fought the erection in his pants.

"Of course we are Major. Now where do we go to leave the spaceport?" Sarha said, pushing her chest out as fair as possible. Bethany was quite envious at the results.

"Just straight through the doors and to the left. Even with diplomatic passports there's still a brief customs check I'm afraid, nothing serious though then you free to travel Mars."

"Thank you Major" Sarha said as she and Bethany walked off towards customs. Behind them they could hear the Major letting out a large sigh of relief.

*****************

The girls entered the VIP customs area and were surprised to see that it wasn't manned by marines or even humans. Two Reptilians stood ready to begin the inspection.

"Reptilians? Why Reptilians?" Bethany asked her bit titted friend.

"No idea though they're generally nice guys so maybe they thought it would be a better way to greet VIPs than a bunch of psycho marines." Sarha answered.

"Hello ladies I am custodian Grokk." Said the lead Reptilian. Reptilians were human sized, humanoid reptiles covered in dark green scales. Intelligent and excellent with technology but they can be a bit slow when the cold-blooded creatures can't get warm.


"Hello Grokk" The girls chorused, slightly amused by this talking lizard.

"If you could both step through this door I and my partner Trokk will begin the inspection." Grokk said.

"Of course" Sarha said as she led Bethany, Grokk and Trokk into the small side room.

Once both hotties and the aliens were in the room the door slid shut.

"I will check this one," Grokk said indicating Sarha "Trokk you deal with the smaller breasted one".

"Yeah Boss but I don't think it's fair I always get the one with small tits." said Trokk.

Bethany was getting quite annoyed at the Martians constant obsession with Sarha's tits, it wasn't like she was flat chested, most women would kill for a pair like hers.

Then without any warning Trokk grabbed Bethany's PVC top with his clawed hands and tore it off. Another rip from the other side of the room let Bethany know that Sarha has suffered the same indignity.

"Hey what are you doing? We never said you could strip search us." Bethany said.

"This isn't a strip search. You simply have to please us or we won't let you through." Grokk answered as Bethany saw his hands attempt to cover Sarha's naked breasts.

Bethany was about to protest when Trokk's long tongue, which looked much like a snake's, flicked out and across both her nipples. The tongue was warm and very slimy, leaving globs of greenish fluid on both nipples but it felt wonderful. Bethany could feel herself getting wet again, something that had happened more in the last 24 hours than in her whole life before. As the reptilian's tongue continued to lick around her breasts she could feel her juices dripping from under her g-string down her thighs. A quick look to one side showed that Sarha was getting the same treatment and was just as pleased as she was.

Trokk then began pushing her towards the ground so Bethany laid herself on her back on the cool tiled floor. Trokk stood with a foot either side of her, staring down at her body his tongue flicking out and tasting the air. Then using his clawed hands he ripped off his Martian immigration uniform. Bethany had never seen a naked Reptilian before and she shocked, his entire body was covered in the green scales including his dick, which was also gigantic in size. Perhaps only 10 inches long it was however very, very wide being a good 4 inches in diameter. Bethany was getting even more excited as she stared at the huge, reptilian cock.

As she stared at the massive member, Trokk lowered himself down on top of Bethany. He gently sat on her stomach which left his cock between her breasts. His scaly hands, feeling rough against her skin, each took one of her pert tits and pushed them together around his dick. He then slowly began rubbing himself between the warm fleshy mounds of Bethany's chest. His gooey saliva that he had covered her tits in, now acted as a lubricant and he thrust away faster and faster. She briefly managed to pull her gaze from the big cock in her face and could see that Grokk's cock was similarly pounding away between her friend's tits and by Sarha's moans she was obviously loving it. 

As Trokk continued to tit fuck Bethany he constantly massaged her pert breasts, roughly pushing them around his cock, occasionally digging his claws in. The feeling was a little painful but wonderful, she began moaning feeling an orgasm slowly building inside her.

Suddenly Trokk's dick jerked and before Bethany could react it began spurting hot, dark green jism over her. It came out in thick globules for over a minute each one hitting her in the face, on her hair or on her tits. His dick finally stopped spasming and Trokk stood up. 

Bethany then pulled herself to her feet and saw her reflection in a wall mirror. Her pretty face was dripping in the slimy reptilian cum, little of her skin could be seen underneath. Her once shiny blonde hair was matted with the stuff and what looked like pints off it dripped off her tits onto her flat stomach and the floor. The cum felt warm and smelled sweet so she risked licking a little off her lips. It tasted amazing almost like cream. She desperately tried to lick the stuff off her face but her tongue wasn't long enough to get most of it.

She then turned round and saw Grokk had got off Sarha and that she was also totally drenched in the green reptile cream. So she ran forward her mouth clamping around one of her friend's massive cum soaked tits. Sarha had obviously also tasted the cum and began licking it off Bethany's face.

"Every time boss. Human women are always the same, why do they like the cum so much?" Trokk said as the two aliens watched the two half naked girls suck on each other's tongues.

"No idea but if I could get my wife to swallow it would be a miracle. " Grokk laughed in reply, a little surprised at quite how eager these two girls seemed to be, they tongues touching all over each other's beautiful bodies.

Minutes passed and Bethany and Sarha had finally licked every drop of the cum from each other. Despite drinking pints of the Reptile jism Bethany was not satisfied, she still hadn't cum and she could tell Sarha wasn't finished yet either.

"You can't be finished yet?" Sarha said as she walked up to Grokk her hands cupping her massive, naked tits.

"Please you can't leave us yet." Begged Bethany as she pushed her hand into her g-string to touch her dripping pussy.

"You mean you don't wish to leave yet?" Grokk asked, confused as Sarha pulled off her hot pants in front off him.

"No. We want you to fuck us!" Sarha said as she pushed the naked Grokk to the floor.

Following Sarha's lead Bethany pushed down her g-string and loincloth. Sarha was already straddling Grokk and had his cock buried inside her. The massive girth was stretching her vagina to obscene proportions but Bethany thought it looked great. Not wanting to be in control like Sarha was, Bethany turned around and got down on all fours. Turning round to look at Trokk who had quickly kneeled behind her, Bethany grabbed her pert little arse cheeks pulling them apart to show off her wet cunt and said, "Fuck me Trokk! Fuck me with that fucking lizard dick!"

Trokk promptly obliged and forced his cock into Bethany, hilting himself and banging his balls against her soft arse. She nearly screamed as her cunt was stretched like never before, she thought she was going to rip in half. But she quickly got used to the feeling and she began massaging the scaly dick with her cunt muscles as he slowly rubbed himself inside her. It was gentle and calm unlike any sex before and Bethany loved it. She then heard Sarha squeal as she and Grokk came together. Bethany desperately wanted to cum too but something was missing then she realised what it was.

"Uhhhhhh! Grab my....uhhhhhhh...tits! Pleaseee..uhhhh" Bethany managed to gasp. Trokk did as ordered and reached for her now sweaty breasts. Bethany felt his scaled hands grab them, felt his claws dig into her softy flesh and that was enough. Three orgasmic waves flowed through her body, each one bigger then the last, her cunt spraying juice out down her thighs and over Trokk. As she came so did Trokk and as before he spurt pints of jism, this time flowing deep into Bethany's womb. Trokk then stood and walked away, grabbing the barely recovered Grokk.

"Come on boss. We gotta get out, I can't take any more of this" Trokk said as the two aliens dragged themselves out of the room.

Bethany managed to pull herself to Sarha who lay collapsed on the floor stinking of sex in a post orgasmic glow. The blonde friends embraced their honey and green cum covered thighs sliding together.

"I can't believe they ran away" Said Bethany as she slowly licked the beads of sweat from her lovers tits.

"It doesn't matter we already late for the meeting anyway, we have to get going." Sarha said. As she disentangled herself from a very disappointed Bethany and began to dress.

**********************

The Reptilians had quickly let Bethany and Sarha through customs and the pair were now walking through the starport to meet up with the other girls. Not as busy or cosmopolitan as the starport on Earth but still very large Bethany let Sarha lead the way. One thing she noticed was the huge number of Martian Marines guarding, in fact she felt a little overwhelmed by the massive number of fit young men in uniform.

"Are there this number of Marines all over Mars?" She asked, simultaneously hoping maybe they could stay for a while longer and wondering quite when she became quite so sex obsessed.

"Not quite as many as here but they do say one in five people on Mars works for the Corp." Shara answered.

"Ooo lots of soldiers then." Bethany giggled.

"Ummm but we haven't got time to hang around I'm afraid, if we want to get to Pleasauous IV anytime soon."

The girls continued walking on getting almost as many dirty stares from the marines as Bethany was giving back. Soon they arrived at a small starport bar, an upmarket place that clearly did good business with top marine officers and diplomats. 

"We're meeting them here?" Bethany asked, wishing for the first time that she had chosen a more sensible outfit. "Won't we look a little out of place?"

"Probably but this is where Lara said to meet." Sarha said as they entered the bar. It was quite full with small groups of well-dressed men and a few marines in dress uniform. Tarhanian choral music played quietly in the background and the whole place had a very refined ambience. Walking quickly across the room Bethany and Sarha got a few disapproving looks, a couple of lecherous stares and induced a heart attack in one old diplomat.

"I don't like this place, where are they?" Bethany said still hurrying towards the back trying to ignore everyone in the bar. "Ahh! That old pervert just pinched my bum!" She squealed whilst giving the aged letch a slap across the face.

"Come on stop making a scene. They said they'd be out back." Sarha said as she pulled Bethany away from the old man who now seemed quite upset about getting slapped for pinching what he thought was a whore's arse.

Finally in the much emptier back section of the bar Bethany caught sight of her three friends. She gasped a little in surprise when she saw them, just like herself and Sarha they'd been pretty as young girls but now as women all three were stunningly beautiful with the sexiest bodies Bethany had ever seen. Frankly vile images jumped into her brain full of what she wanted to do with them but she quickly shut them out as they jumped up to greet her.

Emily Nova was first, she like the others was a sight for sore eyes with a saucily curved body with tits only slightly smaller than Sarha's and an arse any girl would die for and long tresses of dark red hair. She was wearing a very tight grey, pilot's jumpsuit, which despite showing little flesh left little to the imagination. She'd became a hotshot space pilot Sarha had said running any cargo, anywhere in the quickest time. 

"Hey Beth baby, how you doing?" Emily asked as she tightly embraced a grinning Bethany.

Emily let go and Lara Europa replaced her in Bethany's embrace who was hoping none of the girls could see her erect nipples. Lara was the daughter of a rich astro-mining family, she had abandoned the family legacy and joined the Martian Marine Corp. Showing excellent aptitude in the art of killing she's been quickly promoted to Captain and now lead an elite battalion in some of the most violent conflicts in the galaxy. The corp had given her a firm, trim body with smallish breasts and short, shoulder length black hair. She was dressed in her marine uniform of tight black combat pants and jacket. Not as outright sexy as the other girls but with a certain roughness that Bethany quite liked.

"Good to see you again Bethany" Lara said as she slipped from Bethany's arms. The last of her friends then stepped up. Kara Xenothorpe had left earth to find her inner self, she had always been a spiritual girl, and somewhat surprisingly she found inner harmony as a ninja-assassin working for the highest bidder. She was blessed with a sexy, olive skinned Mediterranean body that was quite thin due to her profession and with cascades of long dark hair rolling down her back she looked very exotic. She wore a skintight black lycra body suit with a large panel cut out over her pert cleavage. As with the others Bethany was delighted to see her and even happier to hug her wonderful body.

"Hello Bethany I trust the Universe treats you well." Kara said.

"It's great to see all of you, really great." Bethany said.

"How was the journey from Earth?" Asked Lara.

"Errr, interesting but let's head back to the ship and I'll fill you in on the way." Bethany said with no intention of revealing all the details of what had happened to her on the trip so far.

End of Part Two