 Bard stood at a fork in the road, lost in thought. Two wooden road signs before him read Darkwood Road and Gloomveil Road. Both sounded equally depressing and treacherous to the man. What moody bastard had thought up such welcoming names? Bard glanced back down the path he had just travelled but thought better of it. He was a thief on the run and would meet with certain punishment if caught by the locals of Riverwood, the town he had last visited.

The thief had robbed not one but three wealthy merchants, all within the same night. He would have gotten away with the robberies unnoticed had he not been caught fucking the last merchant's wife. Bard couldn't help but smile to himself. This wasn't the first time he had made such a mistake, but it was well worth it. His lust for coin was only outweighed by his lust for women.

"Those breasts were magnificent," he mused to himself as he remembered visiting the merchant's shop earlier that week.

Earlier That Week

Bard walked down the busy streets of Riverwood, eyes open for opportunity. A thief of notable skill, he made a living by stealing from various wealthy merchants and nobles. A grin spread across his face as he spotted a jeweler's shop up the market road. Jewelry shops were by far his favourite places to rob because they often proved the most profitable and least dangerous, at least compared to other jobs he did. Bard made a habit of scouting out the places he was going to rob beforehand.

With a small spring in his step, the thief made his way to the jewelry shop. Inside he found a fat but well-dressed man tending to a young couple, who were pointing at a golden necklace in the showcase. Probably the owner of the shop, Bard thought to himself. The thief walked with his hands clasped behind his back as he looked around the shop. His gaze scanned the various jewelry, as well as the general layout of the shop and its doors. He always liked to know all potential escape routes if things went amiss.

"See anything you like?" a sweet voice asked him from behind. Bard turned around to face a young and beautiful redheaded woman with long flowing hair. She must have been in her early twenties. He immediately noticed her large breasts, which threatened to burst from the top of her blue dress. She also wore a silver pendant necklace that nestled between her ample bosom.

"Why yes, I see several things I like," Bard beamed as he glanced at the woman's cleavage, noting how her dress tightly hugged her hourglass figure.

The woman must have noticed his look because a sly smile formed on her lips. "There are many desirable items you will find in my shop," she said, eying him in return.

Now Bard was not a muscular giant, but rather a man of average height with a lean and athletic build. There was a rugged handsomeness to him, with his short dark hair, groomed stubble and grey eyes. He wore form fitting dark leather clothing with concealed daggers and a pair of black leather boots that had seen better days. A man in his mid-twenties, matched with good looks and charisma, Bard had known the touch of many women during his travels.

"Ah, you are the owner of this fine shop, miss...?" he inquired.

The woman's expression changed and she shook her head with a small chuckle. "Mrs. Burkland, but call me Clara. No, my husband owns the shop. I simply help around," she nodded her head in the direction of the fat merchant, who was still busy helping the young couple. Her expression was easy to read -- she detested her husband. "What is your name, good sir?" she asked as she offered her hand to him.

Ever the opportunist, Bard smiled at Clara and began to work his magic. He took her hand gently in his and leaned forward to kiss it. "My name is Bard. Your husband is a lucky man to own such a lavish jewelry shop and to have such a beautiful woman to call his wife. If only all men were so fortunate in life." He released her hand.

The busty redhead blushed at his words and clasped her hands in front, her arms pushing her large breasts together in the process. Bard wondered how it would feel to have his cock sliding between her giant tits. Suffocating, he decided.

"You flatter me, good sir!" Clara glanced at a nearby showcase and smiled. "Ah, but you must be here to find a precious gem for your wife, yes?" She motioned with her hand towards an assortment of earrings and necklaces in the display.

"Alas, no. I have no wife. A young sister in need of a pair of earrings for her birthday though, yes." Bard had no siblings, but it was a lie he often told. The thief pretended to take interest in a set of silver earrings in the shape of intertwined leafs. They looked of elven craftsmanship or at least an imitation of it.

The woman's bright blue eyes sparkled with interest. "Oh, what a loving older brother you are! Well, we must certainly find her something suitable, but it seems as though you already have an eye for lovely things," she noted as she took out the silver earrings for Bard to see.

He carefully took the earrings from her and inspected them closely. "Yes, these will be perfect. But I'm afraid I will have to return tomorrow to purchase them. I have but a small amount of gold left with me today. A walk down the market does leave a person with a lighter wallet, does it not?" he grinned as returned the earrings to the voluptuous merchant. "Would you be so kind as to set them aside for me?"

"Of course! They will be here for you tomorrow," the woman said, still blushing from before.

"Until then," Bard smiled and winked at the busty redhead before making his way to the door. The young couple also happened to be leaving. The thief held the door open for them, ever so courteous. Once the door was closed and behind him, Bard could hear the woman's husband begin to shout. Something about "being useless" and "not making a sale." The thief sighed. Some men were such assholes.

Later That Night

It was late at night and the only light came from oil street lamps burning. There were guards on patrol, as there were in most towns of such size, but Bard knew how to move between the shadows and remain unseen. He had already visited two other shops that night and had a bag full of gold coins as a result. The jewelry shop would be the icing on the cake though.

Upon reaching the merchant's shop, the thief examined the scene. The jewelry shop was dark, the curtains raised behind the windows. Not seeing any trouble, he moved towards the door and took out his tools. He had picked hundreds of locks in his time and could manage to do it even in the darkness. After a minute, he heard a satisfying click in the lock. Turning the door handle, the thief silently made his way inside.

There were two candles burning in the room, one on top of a showcase and the other on a desk. An opened bottle of wine and a half-empty glass were atop the desk. Bard narrowed his eyes at the sight and listened for a moment. His eyes scanned the room and he found nothing out of the ordinary other than the alcohol. He shrugged and began to move around the shop, silently snatching various jewelry and stuffing them in his bag. A sudden sound from behind the counter made the thief go stiff.

A sleepy looking Clara rose unsteadily from behind the counter. She was wearing a white nightgown that was slightly undone down the front, revealing her enticing bosom once again. He noted that she was still wearing the silver pendant from earlier in the day. Quickly putting the situation together, Bard deduced that the woman had been drinking alone and had fallen asleep on the floor.

The busty redhead squinted in the darkness, before recognizing him. "Bard? Is that you? What are you doing here?" She braced herself against the counter and leaned forward, revealing a little more cleavage in the process.

"Ah well, I could not wait until the next day so I decided to come tonight." The thief smiled weakly. What the hell was he going to do now?

"Oh good, I was hoping you'd come. I had a dream about you. Maybe I'm still dreaming now," she said huskily as she made her way around the counter.

Bard couldn't believe his good fortune. The voluptuous redhead was still a little drunk. Eying the bottle on the desk, the thief asked, "Now why would such a beautiful woman be drinking alone in her husband's jewelry shop?"

A seductive laugh escaped her mouth. "Why, to await my burglar of course?" This took the thief aback.

Clara began to slowly move forward, her hips swaying alluringly. "You didn't think I'd notice you eying more than just our jewelry?" she said as her fingers traced the pendant down her open neckline. "There have been rumours spreading down the countryside of a handsome yet lecherous thief." Bard was alarmed by this news but he tried not to show it.

She looked at him with a dreamy expression on her face. "I did not expect to find him in my husband's shop though." The woman was not as drunk as he had previously thought.

"Ah well, you've caught me red-handed then. What will you do?" the thief asked, as he put a hand on his belt, ready to grab a concealed dagger if needed. Bard had killed people before but he never relished conflict. It was a dirty business to leave bodies behind at a robbery and he hated the idea of leaving this gorgeous woman dead in her own shop.

The busty redhead saw his hand movement yet still moved towards him. "A good and faithful wife would call her husband for help... but I am tired of being those things. I would see if the rumours are true." A wicked grin spread across her lips as she reached out and felt the bulge in Bard's pants.

The thief was both shocked and aroused by her boldness. He mirrored her expression as he lowered the bag of stolen goods to the floor and cupped one of her large breasts through the nightgown. "An unhappy wife would do other things, no?" He felt a nipple under the clothing and pinched it lightly. A soft gasp escaped her lips.

"Oh yes, other things. Depraved things," she said seductively before closing the distance between them and kissing him. Her lips were soft and moist, and her breath smelled of cherry wine. He kissed her hungrily as his hand continued to fondle her large tit.

Clara broke off the kiss suddenly and took a step back. "We must be quiet though. My husband still sleeps upstairs. I would not have that fat oaf come down here and interrupt us," she said in a sultry voice.

"Of course. We must be quiet as shadows," the thief said as he moved towards her, cupping both of her large tits this time.

"Mmm, yes," she moaned softly. "They need attention. My fat, stupid husband is more concerned with business than with his wife's needs," she complained.

"We must see to your needs at once then," he reassured as he pushed the nightgown off her shoulders and watched it slide to the floor.

Bard's hands went to work on the woman's magnificent breasts. They were large yet soft to the touch. The rest of her body was equally beautiful and in need of his attention. The busty redhead gasped as Bard began to play with her nipples, twisting and pinching them gently. She repaid him by massaging his balls through his pants.

Bard leaned down to place a kiss on her shoulder, then collar bone, before finally finding her sweet nipples. She moaned softly as he took turns flicking his tongue across her erect nipples and gently biting down on them. Her hand began to frantically undo his pants, fumbling with the buttons.

"He's eager to greet as well," the thief chuckled as the woman dropped to her knees in frustration and began to undo his pants with renewed concentration.

His cock was already hard when she took it out. She eyed it hungrily before touching it. "So big. Much bigger than that fat bastard's." She began to stroke his shaft.

Bard continued to fondle her large tits as she played with his dick. He squeezed her breasts, desperately wanting to shove his cock between and giving them a good titty-fuck. Clara's pace increased below, as she stroked his cock up and down harder. He looked down at the busty woman, who smiled lustfully up at him before opening her mouth and putting the cock in her mouth.

Her mouth was warm and wet - a perfect home for his cock to live in. She began to suck on him, slowly bobbing her head up and down. He put a hand through her long hair and guided her face. He felt her tongue along the length of his cock and released a low groan. His dick was now slick with her saliva. She slurped hungrily on his cock, taking more of it in her mouth and down her throat. He could tell that she was skilled cocksucker.

Clara eventually released the cock from her mouth, trying to regain her breath. Her eyes spoke mischief as she cupped her own breasts and grinned knowingly at the thief. "Don't think I didn't notice you staring at my tits earlier today. You want to fuck these, don't you?" she said seductively as she squeezed her own breasts.

"Who wouldn't want to bury their cock in those delicious tits?" he asked.

Clara guided his cock to her chest and wrapped her large breasts around his shaft. Bard groaned as she began to slide her soft tits up and down on his cock. Definitely suffocating, he thought. He had always loved titty-fucks, especially from a well-endowed woman. He thrust his hips into her chest, watching the tip of his cock disappear into her cleavage before returning and hitting the tip of her silver pendant necklace.

"You like that?" she cooed as her tits bounced up and down on his cock. He could see by candlelight that the valley between her breasts glistened with sweat and saliva.

"Fuck, that's good!" he grunted as Clara humped his cock with her tits. He reached out and pulled her nipples as he titty-fucked her. She gasped in both pain and pleasure at his touch.

"Don't come just yet!" she said as she released his dick from her breasts and stood up. She moved over to the counter and turned around, jutting her ass out at him. "Come here," she said huskily as she wiggled her perfect heart shaped ass.

Bard didn't need to be told twice. He noticed she was completely shaved as he stepped forward and lined up his cock with her pussy. Her cunt was already wet when he rammed his dick inside. She cried out at his sudden entrance, but slowly began to moan as he thrust into her from behind. He grabbed her hips and began to pump his cock into her. She pushed her ass back against him and moaned louder.

The thief grabbed her tits from behind, kneading her soft breasts. She bucked against him, moaning noisily as he pounded away at her wet pussy. Her necklace clicked against the top of the counter, each time he slammed into her ass. "Oh yes!" she moaned as she arched her back in pleasure, pushing back against him with each thrust.

Taking a hand off the counter, she put a finger into her mouth and began sucking on it loudly. Not sure what Clara was doing, the thief continued to pound into her doggy style. She reached around with her wet finger and shoved it into her ass. Her sounds of pleasure only increased as she began to fingerfuck her own ass and take Bard's cock in her pussy.

Within moments he sensed her body shake with an orgasm. She was practically screaming in ecstasy now. So much for being quiet as shadows, he thought. Bard only hoped that the fat husband upstairs was a heavy sleeper. The thief felt that he was close to cumming as well. His pace quickened and Clara moaned louder. He was surprised to see Clara sneak another finger into her ass.

"You like it in the ass, do you?" the thief asked as he slowed his pace and stared at the two fingers buried in her anus.

"Yes!" she breathed, like a bitch in heat. "Please, put in my butt," she begged. "My husband says it's dirty so he never uses that hole. I've never had a cock in my ass before, but I use my fingers and other things around the house. I love the way it feels!" she confessed as she pulled the fingers out of her butt.

Oh, life was good for Bard. A bag full of coins and stolen goods, his dick balls-deep in a wanton bitch who was begging for anal. Could things get any better? The thief pulled his cock out of her dripping cunt and spat down on it for some extra lubrication. Clara put her head down on the counter, her big tits pressing against the surface. She took both of her hands and spread her ass cheeks apart in anticipation. He lined up his cock with her puckered asshole, ready to thrust in. He was ready to cum at just the thought of entering that sweet hole.

"Do it!" she urged with lust and excitement.

A loud noise interrupted the horny duo. The woman's fat husband came crashing down the stairs. The buffoon must have lost his footing coming down. Bard stared with wide eyes as the man groaned in pain and slowly stood up. The husband took in the sight of his naked wife and the thief behind her. His eyes went mad with rage though when he saw the bag of stolen goods on the floor. "A thief in my house and shop, raping my wife and stealing my wares?!" he roared. His wife dropped to the floor and attempted to look innocent by covering herself up with the discarded nightgown.

The fat man advanced with a yell. Bard quickly moved back and grabbed his pants. The fat and angry husband tried to throw himself over the counter heroically, but couldn't get his fat ass up over the ledge. He huffed and tried again, but gave up when he saw that the thief had put his pants back on already.

"Thanks for the jewels," he nodded towards the merchant as he picked up the bag of stolen goods. "And thanks for the fuck," he winked at the busty redhead before running out the front door.

The night air was cool on his sweaty skin. He heard the merchant yelling for guards at the top of his lungs behind him. He cursed the man for interrupting the romp with the busty wife, but began to laugh as he heard the town's tower bells begin to chime around him. It wasn't exactly an unfamiliar sound to him, but he welcomed it nonetheless. Something about being on the run gave his heart joy. Perhaps it was that feeling of living on the edge. Either way, he already had an exit strategy and made his way towards a nearby sewer grate. He knew it would take him well beyond the walls of the city and out of danger.

Back At The Crossroads

The thief sighed with regret. He was so close to having that busty merchant's ass. What a shame to be denied such a thing from such a willing woman. He put a hand in his pocket and pulled out a single gold coin. Staring at the two wooden signs before him, he held out the coin and said, "Heads for Darkwood Road and Tails for Gloomveil Road." He flipped the coin and watched it fly before it hit the ground, heads up.

"Darkwood Road it is then." Bard knelt down and picked up the coin. He blew at it and dusted it off before putting it back in his pocket. He smiled as he began to move down the road. "Darkwood Road," he murmured, shaking his head in amusement. Gods, what a friendly sounding path.

To Be Continued...