 The Adventures of Bethany Starglider
Part Two - The Xithor

After all the excitement with the Reptilians in Martian customs and then meeting all her old friends Bethany had gone to her cabin for several hours sleep. By the time she had woken up Sarha had flown the ship far out of the solar system and into deep space, traversing light years with each wormhole that the ship opened.

Bethany walked into the main cabin where Sarha was preparing the ship for it's next Wormhole jump whilst she chatted to Emily. Sarha had changed since Mars into what Bethany thought was a somewhat ugly combination of Sarissan Leopold Skin mini-skirt and Bikini with Larkian Crocodile Skin boots. Whilst Emily still wore the incredible tight grey shipsuit, which while it showed off her amazing arse perfectly, Bethany thought it, could show off a little more flesh.

"I've got to say intergalactic space travel is more boring than I thought. Now the solar system was exciting, really exciting but this is dull." Bethany said as she approached the other two girls.

"That's right honey. Being a space pirate..." Answered Sarha.

"Or top-class cruiser pilot." Chipped in Emily.

"May sound very exciting but most of the time you just sit around waiting for the ship to jump. Deep space is boring, it's only when you meet other ships or get to planets that the exciting stuff happens."

"Well when does any that stuff happen to us?" Bethany pleaded, a bit disappointed that after all the initial excitement nothing much else might happen until they got to Pleasarous IV.

"Well due to my, err..Less than popular status on most civilised worlds in the galaxy I was hoping to avoid any stops on the way." Sarha said looking a little bit embarrassed.

"You're going to have to tell us exactly what you've been up to Sarha!" giggled Emily.

"Well it's quite a long story but a few months ago did you hear about the Princess of Harla eloping with some lover of her's rather than marrying her second cousin in a political arrangement." 

"Yeah, so what?" Answered Bethany, she and Emily were now quite concerned at where this tale was going.

"Well that lover wasn't some palace guard like everyone speculated. It was me." Bethany and Emily gasped at the revelation. 

"My God Sarha! You naughty girl!" Said Emily.

"Maybe a bit naughty but I don't think it deserves having a million credit bounty put on your head, does it?"

Bethany was suddenly feeling a bit jealous; Sarha would risk upsetting one of the most powerful planets in the galaxy for a fuck with some royal slut. "What was this princess like?" She asked trying not to let the jealousy show.

Emily spoke up before Sarha could answer "You've never seen the reports from Harla? The princess and at one time heir to the throne is considered one of the most beautiful women to ever live. Guys were committing suicide around the galaxy when she vanished. Hee hee, apparently into the arms of our dirty little friend here."

"Most beautiful woman ever eh? Well where is she now Sarha? Waiting somewhere for you to come home?" Bethany nearly shouted, getting quite upset now.

"Calm down honey, we had a few arguments and she left. She may be hot but she's also a bitch." Sarha said, looking a bit guilty.

"Yeah don't get worked up Beth. Can't you be happy for Sarha? You're not her mother?" Emily said, rather bemused by Bethany's reaction. Still, she thought, she's always been a bit stuffy so maybe the thought of Sarha being a lesbian had shocked her.

"Sorry." Bethany mumbled as she turned around to look out the ship window into the black expanse of space.

"Let's just forget it. The ship's ready for the next jump anyway." Sarha said as she turned away from Bethany to pointedly look at the console.

Emily couldn't understand what was going on with these two. So Bethany didn't like her friend being a lesbian but it was hardly a new revelation and Emily had thought Bethany's new PVC wardrobe had indicated a less old fashioned attitude as well.

Suddenly Bethany spoke up "What's that over there?" pointing at a small grey dot in the far distance.

Emily turned to look at it "Looks like another ship to me, bit too though quite far away. Scanners say it's dead in space must be a wreck."

"Can we check it out?" Bethany asked excited again.

"I don't see why not, someone could go over in the shuttle." Said Sarha; happy to see Bethany had got over the Princess. She made a mental note not to mention any previous fucks to Bethany; she was obviously the jealous type and if she found out about the thousands of girls before might not take it too well.

"I'll take you over if you want, exploring a wreck might be fun." Emily offered and the others quickly agreed.

  ************

The small shuttle craft approached the huge, dark hulk of the space wreck, it looked totally devoid of life and had obviously suffered a lot of damage to it's hull in collisions after years of hanging in deep space. Large holes dotted the surface and most of the weapons and communication systems had been ripped off.

Bethany, sitting next to Emily who was piloting, was wide eyed with amazement as they approached. She'd never seen such a big ship before, "It's massive! I didn't think ships could be so big."

"They not, at least not these days. This is an Avarian Battlecrusier; they were built over 200 years ago. Totally amazing warships they could take on several battleships at the same time but the last was commissioned in 2278 shortly before the Avarian economy collapsed. A few are still kept running by the larger navies but they really are too old and are falling apart. I can't believe we've found a wreck, if any spare parts are left in working order we could be rich." Emily answered, a huge grin on her face.

"It doesn't look in a very good state."

"My dear Bethany these things could survive direct nuclear strikes, a few meteor collisions will have done little damage to the internal systems. All we have to do is get to the bridge, get the power online and we can see what's still working."

"But if anything works, why leave it here?" Bethany asked whilst still staring at the huge wreck getting closer all the time.

"Who Knows? Crew mutiny, no fuel or maybe the ship was in combat and at the time thought too badly damaged but these days even damaged parts could be worth loads."

Suddenly the shuttle's command console began bleeping and several data readouts began filling with information.

"What's that?" asked Bethany.

"Um, well it seems the ships communication transponder is still on. That's more than a bit odd; you'd normally turn it off if you abandoned a ship as it could cause confusion to other ships. Still least we now know some power is still operating. Check out those screens it will tell you about the ship."

Bethany began reading the small data screens printing out information from the Battlecrusier. "It says the ship is called "The Aurora" and it was part of the 12th Martian Fleet. It claims to be in a holding orbit but I don't know around what and it says nothing about being abandoned." She read out and now not so sure about the excitement of exploring the wreck, "Do you think we should maybe leave it alone?"

"No we'll just land and take a quick look around. No one could possible be on board, we'll be alright." answered Emily not really reassuring Bethany or herself.

  ***********

The two girls crept through the corridor from the shuttle bay towards the bridge. A low level of power just about provided enough light to see by but strange shadows flicked across the walls. Thankfully environmental integrity had been maintained so the girls didn't need spacesuits but Bethany was wishing she had something else to wear, her PVC g-string and crop top were not providing much warmth in the cold atmosphere of the wreck.

"I'm beginning to think we should have bought some of those laser guns Sarha offered to us." Said Bethany.

"Don't be silly Beth. No one's here." Emily said somewhat unconvincingly.

Then suddenly the ceiling a few metres in front of them collapsed. When the dust cleared the girls saw why. A large beast stood before them, standing over seven feet tall it had a roughly male human torso and head but with night black skin and with a large fanged mouth then a enlarged abdomen which had eight spindly spider legs coming from it. Both girls recognised it straight away as a Xithor, one of the most vicious alien races humanity had encountered. Now spread throughout the galaxy they were without a homeworld after a human armada had sterilised the planet shortly after first contact had turned into bloody genocide. Evil and hyper-intelligent they were a menace to all human life. Particularly two unarmed girls.

"Then Emily what the hell is that!" Bethany screamed as the pair turned and ran.

They got about half way down the corridor back to the shuttle bay when another section of roof collapsed just above them. A second Xithor came tumbling down on top of them. Bethany just managed to scream before one of it's thick; spider legs smashed her around the head sending her into unconsciousness.

Emily managed to dive out of the way and kept running, she nearly reached the end of the corridor when a third Xithor appeared directly in front if her. Spinning around she began heading back the other way. She could see Bethany unconscious in the grip of the other two Xithor as they vanished back up into the ceiling.

"Bethany! No!" Emily screamed, wishing Bethany would awake and escape.

"Doooo nooot worryyyyy abouttt herrr little humannn." The Xithor now right behind her said, "Sheee hasss muchhh longerrr tooo live thannn yooou. We neeeeeddd heerrrrrr buttt nottt yoooou."

Paralysed with fear Emily just stood staring at the alien as it advanced on her. Expecting to die a swift and messy death she was surprised one the creature raised one of its legs and ran it across her large chest, pushing against her squishy tits.

"Yessss, yooou will beeee fuuunnnnn." The creature said as a large, slimy tongue slipped out of its mouth and flicked across Emily's face and red hair leaving a trail of sticky, yellow goo.

Emily was barely breathing, frozen still as the creature's forelimbs flicked across her body slicing her shipsuit but leaving her flesh unharmed. The shipsuit then just fell away from her body leaving her naked and still with fear.

The Xithor advanced towards her and Emily could now see a thick, two-foot long cock jutting out from its abdomen. Its front four limbs then grabbed her, holding her tightly about the arms and waist. As it held her it's slimy tongue slid out and ran over her big tits, encircling her small, pink nipples that were erect with the cold atmosphere of the wreck. 

Emily continued to just stand, now unable to move in the aliens grasp even as she began to overcome her fear and regain some rational thought. It's tongue continued to run over her big, pert breasts which were now coated in the thick, yellow slime which dripped from the creature's mouth down it's tongue.

"Please let me go." Emily begged, tears filling her eyes but the Xithor just let out a hissing laugh and continued to lick away. The yellow goo was now covering Emily's torso and was beginning to drip off her nipples onto the floor.

Apparently bored with her tits the Xithor suddenly stopped licking and pulled Emily next to it's body. It was warm but smelt disgusting and Emily tried to scream but as she opened her mouth the alien thrust its tongue into it. It pushed its long, slimy tongue deep down her throat and surrounded her soft lips with its fanged maw. It tasted absolutely vile and Emily began sobbing as the tongue flicked around her mouth and then further down her throat towards her stomach not believing she was about to be raped by an alien.

It was then she felt it's mammoth dick against her leg, it was hot, damp, very long and very hard. She could feel it rubbing further up her thigh towards her cunt then slowly the Xithor pushed it into her. Emily wanted to die as an inch of the alien dick entered her, then three, then six. Each stretching her pussy more and more.

A loud bang suddenly filled the air, the Xithor relaxed it's grip and then collapsed away from Emily, leaving her standing naked, chest and face covered in yellow slime with more of the goo now dribbling out her mouth. She looked around not understanding what had happened and saw Sarha and Kara at the end of the corridor both armed with large plasma cannons.

"Emily, God! We should of come sooner." Sarha shouted as she and Kara raced towards the stunned Emily.

"We were waiting for you to get back when the scanners suddenly picked up Xithor life signs, we hurried to get here but....Emily I'm so sorry." Kara said as she grabbed the goo covered Emily.

"It's.....It's OK" Emily managed to whisper.

Sarha who had ventured further down the corridor spun round and said "Emily! Where's Bethany?"

  ***********

Bethany slowly awoke, feeling groggy and with a pounding headache. 'Where the hell am I?' She thought as she began to get her bearings.

The first thing she noticed was that she was completely naked again and promptly wondered why she kept losing her clothes. She slowly tried to move and discovered that she couldn't. She seemed to be tied up by tough strings of white webbing wrapped around her legs and arms in the middle of what appeared to be a giant spider's web. She then remembered the Xithor and began to get very scared.

The Xithor that had grabbed Bethany then appeared, scrambling over the webbing to get to her.

"Gooodddd. Yooouuu arrrreee awakkkeee. Theee breeeedingggg cannnn nooooww beginnn." The alien hissed at her.

"Breeding? What breeding?" Bethany demanded as it continued towards her.

"Ourrrr Queeeennnn issssss deadddd buuttt yoooouuu humannnn haveeee rightttt geneessss. Weeee cannn breeddddd andddd yooouuu willlll beeee ourrrr neewwww Queeeeennnnnn."

Bethany wasn't sure whether to scream or cry. She then noticed the massive two-foot cock swinging from the creature's abdomen, already dripping with black pre-cum and despite a little fear Bethany began to think that being Queen of these creatures might not be too bad.

"Ohhh...errr, well OK then. But be gentle with me." Bethany said, as once again the depths of own depravity shocked her.

"Offff courseeee myyy Queeennnnnn." It answered.

Bethany opened her mouth and erotically flicked her tongue out. The Xithor responded and it's own tongue slipped out and around Bethany's. She let it's yellow slime drip onto her tongue and tasted it. She moaned quietly as the liquid slipped down her throat, it tasting delicious to Bethany.

The creature had moved right next to Bethany and its musky smell was driving her wild, her cunt was again dripping with honey. It used three of it's limbs to free Bethany from the webbing and the mismatched couple then embraced, Bethany throwing her arms around the muscled, male torso of the alien and pushing her pert and aroused tits against it.

She then began kissing its mouth, her tongue licking its fangs and into it's big mouth tasting every inch of the creature that had gotten her hornier than ever before. It replied by sticking its massive tongue into her mouth and slowly down her throat, streams of the yellow goo flowing deep into her stomach that she thought felt divine.

They kissing and licking got more and more passionate but Bethany was rabid with arousal and wanted its cock in her. So she reached down with one hand and grabbed the hard, alien dick. Her fingers barely managed to surround it but she none the less guided it to her sticky cunt. She placed it at her opening and let go. The Xithor threw it's head back, roared and with one motion speared Bethany with it's cock, banging it's large, black balls against her soft, creamy thighs.

Bethany buried her face in its chest and let out a large moan. She could not believe the whole dick was in her but it did just fit, though she could feel the tip against the far wall of her womb.

The alien held her steady as it began pumping away. At this point Bethany lost all rational thought as orgasm after orgasm hit her. She was moaning and screaming, humping the creature back as honey flowed from her pussy, writhing around in ecstasy. 

After twenty minutes and forty orgasms Bethany lost count having regressed into a raw animal state just needing to fuck the Xithor but the mating continued for at least another hour. She was exhausted, barely conscious and sweat flooded from her body but finally the Xithor came. It was in one long burst lasting only a few seconds but intense in power and volume. The black jism filled her insides very quickly and the remainder just burst out from between her pussy walls and it's cock. It spurted everywhere covering human girl and alien alike.

Once spent the Xithor shock it's head, silently let her go and backed off, leaving her alone on the web. She was terribly out of breath and very sore but very, very happy. She vaguely wondered if she was now pregnant with a Xithor half-breed but really only wanted to know when the Xithor would be back.

Minutes passed and she still lay hoping the creature would not be long, as her cunt really needed filling again when she heard someone call her name.

Surprised she looked towards the edge of the webbing where a corridor met it and was shocked to see a heavily armed Sarha and Kara.

"Bethany are you alright?" Sarha asked from the webbing edge.

"Ummm...Yes fine. The Xithor have left me alone for now." Bethany lied hoping they wouldn't know what the Black liquid covering her was.

"Well come on over here quickly we can get out of here." Kara ordered.

"Oh. OK then." Bethany answered, once again a little disappointed that her friends had to keep rescuing her from these situations.