 Anessia was a half-elf. Or as the elves called her, half-human. Either way she was shunned by the elves, and she didn't really care. Her Elvin mother ran away from the beautiful land of Tithenost to be with the handsome human warrior. They married and Anessia was their only child. 

Anessia left home at 18. The proper age for a human, but still an infant by Elvin standards. She learned to fight from her father. She had strong muscles and frame, like a human, but also had the grace and beauty of an elf. 

Anessia was now 24 and was a force to be reckoned with. She never let anyone into her heart. She left a trail of men that would have given anything to tame her and keep her in their beds. She was now on a mission to protect a caravan though the Dark Woods.

In the group of sell swords protecting the merchants was a black robed mage. He stayed in the confines of his robes. No one ever saw his face. He was tall, but it was hard to gather anything else about him. 

The black mage was Klanan, an elf. He was banished from the Elvin lands for practicing the black arts. He was tall, handsome, and graceful. He had the fine delicate features of all elves. The one remarkable feature about him, was the piercing blue eyes. 

The first day of the trip Klanan noticed Anessia standing among the other mercenaries. He noticed the way she held her head high, and her over all bearing. Klanan knew this woman was not a human, though the cut of her long auburn hair hid the pointy ears. He movements were not the clumsy over bearing human way of moving. Klanan knew she was at least half-human. At that time Anessia turned and looked straight at the black mage. Her eyes were the green of perfectly faceted emeralds. It took his breath away. 

"What in the abyss am I thinking? I have no time for wenches. She is probably diseased of some kind. I am sure she hasn't been waiting on a husband to bed her." Klenan mumbled to himself.

Anessia saw the mage. A brief ray of sun from parting clouds, allowed her to see part of the mage's face under the cowl. She thought to her, "He's an elf, it is so apparent. These humans must be blind."

Most of the trip went uneventful. In the moon light Anessia found a clear stream. She decided it was a good of time as any to clean the road dust from her body. 

Anessia unbuckled the straps of her Armour and piled the leather neatly on the ground. She undid the bindings she used to keep her large breasts covered and out of the way from her longbow string. As she set her breasts free she couldn't resist to fondle them. 

"It has been too long since I felt a man touch me. I am sure one of those dolts in the caravan would be more than willing to get on this body, but I won't let one of those dirty men touch me. I am sure they have never had a bath in their lives."

She removed the leather breaches and was relieved to feel the cool night air on her. She was wet from the ministrations she gave her big tits. 

She sunk down into the clean cool water of the stream and went in till only the top of her cleavage was exposed. 

In the shadows of the trees stood a lone figure clad in only black. Klenan was enjoying the show. He watched Anessia undress herself. He watched her play with her breasts. He watched how the leaves from the trees danced shadows on her body. Klenan felt stirrings in himself. He was supposed to have these feelings under control. He was a master of magic. The magic kept him satisfied. He never felt the need of a woman until now. He had his fair share of conquests. He bedded many serving wenches in inns.

As Anessia sunk in to the water Klenan did something he never thought he would do. He left the alcove of trees and walked to the waters edge. 

Anessia heard the mage. She was half-elf. She could hear the rustle of his robes as he walked behind her. 

"I knew you were not all human. I could tell from your grace. And now I have confirmation." Klenan spoke the words from under the cowl of the robes. 

"And I know you are a dark elf. What makes you go against the grain? Over compensation for something? You practice the black arts to keep your manhood undercover of soft black robes?" Anessia couldn't believe she was being so bold. But she was horny and she wanted a man. This dark elf was as good as any. 

Klenan settled himself on a boulder on the shore. "My manhood is fully intact and functional thank you. Proceed with the show I was enjoying it"

Anessia smirked. She put her hands to her ample tits and played with her nipples. "Is this what you want to see?" She walked to the shore, her hands still on her breasts. She stopped just short of the water uncovering the fine red hair that surrounded the folds of her womanhood. She then let go of her right tit and put her hand on her clit. The small waves from the movement of her fingers made her so hot. The feeling of touching herself and the water moving over her was almost too much. She stopped. 

"Are you just going to sit there?" 

"No I have plans." Klenan then stood he threw back the hood of his robes. Anessia caught her breath. This man was the most handsome she had ever seen. She had seen Elvin males before. But none of them looked like him. His eyes were the blue of the sky on the most beautiful of days. 

Klenan undid the fastens of his robe he let it fall to the ground. He was clad in only homespun breeches. Anessia could see his cock was hard. And no he was not over compensating with is magic. He was finely built. His whole body was toned and muscled. A frail mage he was not. He moved into the water with the grace of a cat. He put his arms around Anessia and lifted her out of the water. He carried her to shore and laid her on a soft patch of grass. 

Klenan stood over her, his dick hard as stone sticking out. Anessia reached for him but he grabbed her hands. "show me what you do to yourself when there is no man to help you"

Anessia obliged him. She took one of her hands and rubbed her nipples. Paying attention to both tits. With the other she reached for her wet pussy. She rubbed her clit in small circles. Occasionally dipping a finger into her hole and using her own lubrication. 

Klenan knelt down in front of her bent knees. He watched the woman play with herself. He put his hands on her knees and spread her legs further so he could see her open cunt. She was so wet she was dripping her fluid from her hole. He pulled his long light brown hair back with one hand then put his face into the junction between her thighs. He licked her slit up and down teasing her. Anessia would lift her hips to his tongue wanting him to do more. Klenan held her down. He put his hands on either side of her hips and held her to the ground. He then found her clit and used his tongue like she used her fingers. He licked her until he felt her stiffen for the coming orgasm. Klenan than sucked her clit and flicked it with his tongue. Anessia screamed with the release. She begged him to stop. Klenan kept sucking until he felt her fluid gush from her. Her taste was so sweet. He let go of her clit and licked around her hole and thighs tasting the sweet honey of her cum. 

Anessia laid panting. Her orgasm was so powerful that she felt she couldn't move. She heard Klenan shift his weight. She was ready for him to impale her on that huge shaft of his, but it never happened. She opened her eyes to see him straddling her chest. He took both of her huge tits in his hands and wrapped them around his cock. 

He started to fuck her tits. She lifted her head to lick his dick and he told her no. He continued to hump her tits and look in her eyes. He used his thumbs and forefingers to pinch her nipples almost to the point of pain. He suddenly stopped. He got off of her. He lay on his back and pulled her to him. He set her still sopping pussy on his face. He spread her lips until his tongue found its mark again. He licked her clit, and stuck a finger deep in her hole. Anessia rode his face for a while then leaned forward. He couldn't stop her now. She was on top and she was going to suck that dick. 

Anessia used her tongue and licked up and down the shaft. For the moment she ignored the head. She felt him moan into her pussy. Then she took his whole cock in her mouth, swirling her tongue around his head. She played with his balls. In the mean time Kenan inserted two fingers into her twat. He finger fucked her, licked and sucked her clit. 

Anessia was close to another climax. Klenan felt it. He fingered her pussy harder, latched onto her clit, and stuck another finger into her ass. Anessia screamed and sat up. She moved her hips fucking his hand and face. 

After her pussy stopped convulsing around his fingers. He removed them. He lifted Anessia off of him. She lay on the grass curled up with her knees covering her tits, panting. 

Klenan rolled her onto all fours. He came up behind her. He reached around and played with her hanging tits. Then he went lower and rubbed her clit. He bucked his hips and with one hard thrust was up to his balls in Anessia's pussy. 

He fucked her hard. He made no sound. Anessia was moaning and panting.

"Harder, Harder. Oh fuck me. That's it rub my clitty. Oooooooohhh"

Klenan kept thrusting hard as he could. With one hand he rubbed her clit. With the other her rubbed her ass. He then stuck one finger in her asshole. Anessia moaned louder. 

Klenan couldn't take it anymore. He pulled out of her. Anessia turned around to face him he grabbed a hold of her red hair and shoved her face on his dick. She sucked him off tasting her cum with his. They collapsed on the glade floor. 

Anessia curled up to Klenan they were both laying on the grass and covered with her blanket. She looked into his blue eyes. "What kind of spell have you put on me wizard?" 

"None. I think it was you who bewitched me"

Back at the caravan the coach master was cussing, looking for the mage and the fighter. "oh well fuck them both. I am leaving. And they won't get paid."

The merchants finished packing up the camp. With a crack of the whip the wagons moved on. Anessia and Klenan stood at the top of the ridge and watch the caravan snake their way through the pass.