 Here's the first real chapter of my Genie Servant story. Thanks to Joe Brolly for the original story and to 800IbGorilla for creating a new story in that universe. Hope you like it. Again all constructive critisism is welcome, and I'll try to respond to everyone who leaves an address. 

All characters are over 18, even the genie who was just born is 2500 years old. Lines in italics are either internal dialogue or if they're in quotes it's telepathic communication. 

***** 

Sean blinked slowly as he tried to wake up, and judging by the TV he hadn't been asleep long. His thumb throbbed with pain, reminding him that he hadn't been asleep; he had inhaled some kind of gas, A drug maybe? He sucked on his thumb and noticed several spots of blood on his leg and jockey shorts. Maybe I just stuck it on a splinter. 

He stood up to go find a band-aid and had just taken a step when a soft voice spoke out, "Hello, Master. May I be of service?" 

Startled, Sean fell back into his seat and looked over at the apparition in his living room. An angel knelt by the end of his coffee table, an angel with hair the color of polished gold in a single long braid that trailed on the floor. Her age was impossible to pin down, and could have been anything from 16 to 26. She had pretty little ears that seemed to come almost, but not quite to a point, and a graceful neck. Her skin was the light golden color of a healthy tan, not that of someone who fried herself with sunlight. She was very petite, and had excellent muscle tone, like a gymnast or a ballerina. It was hard to tell how tall she was with the way she was kneeling, but she seemed to be rather on the short side, and she was... dressed like Princess Leia in her slave outfit? What the... 

It wasn't quite the iconic costume, though; it was even more erotic. Where the original was an opaque brown, hers was a transparent blue, and the eraser shaped nipples on her small breasts were easily visible. He hopped up again and began to stammer, "Wh, who are you? How did you get IN here? Is this some kind of joke?" He rushed to the window, knowing that he didn't have any friends that could pull off something like this. There were no strange cars in the driveway, so he turned to face the girl who was looking at him with an expression almost as confused as he felt. "This really isn't funny, you know." 

"I'm sorry Master, I have displeased you somehow. I am not a joke. I can see that you are upset, what have I done wrong?" Her jewel bright blue eyes met his briefly before they filled with tears and she looked back down. 

He took two deep breaths, then sat back on the couch before addressing her. "Ok, explain who you are and what you're doing here." The dogs weren't barking, so he knew that no one had come up to the house on foot. There were no cars in the driveway. What is going on here? 

"I am your Genie Servant, Master. Your blood opened my vessel and my essence was released. That began the bonding process and now I am bound to you forever." She glanced at him, unsure of his reaction. 

"A Genie? Genies don't exist, they're just legend. What are you really doing here?" There's no way this is happening. What was that mist though? Where did it come from? 

"Forgive me, Master, but genies are real. I was sealed into that sphere as a gift to a man who had done my creator a great service. Obviously that was not you, but you apparently share enough qualities that you were able to release me. I am now bonded to you as your servant for as long as you will have me." She kept her gaze down, but stole glances at him as she spoke, trying to gauge his reaction. 

Sean scoffed at her causing her to flinch a little, "A genie, huh? So what, I get three wishes and you go back into your ball? I can just wish for a giant pile of money and suddenly I'm rich?" 

She was already shaking her head before he finished, "No master, you're thinking of more powerful Djinn who were bound to a vessel as a punishment by the king of their tribes, or who were trapped by a sorcerer to do the bidding of the one who holds their vessel. I am a genie servant, bound to one Master forever, that is you, and you get as many wishes as you want as long as they are within my domain of influence." 

"Domain of influence, you say," Sean was still obviously skeptical. "And what, pray tell, is that? Look at me please, I want to see your face." 

She looked up at him with her small button nose and her cupid bow lips. The hint of dimples sat beneath her high cheekbones. It was her eyes that struck him most though; bright blue with flecks of silver and gold scattered throughout. "I am a genie servant master. My entire existence is dedicated to your pleasure and sexual gratification. You may force me back into my vessel, punish me, even destroy me, or if you allow I can serve you in whatever manner you see fit. I can be your servant, your companion, a member or even the head of your harem. My powers will protect you from harm, and I can grant nearly any wish that has an erotic component or relates to love or physical pleasure." 

"My protection? What kind of protection?" He saw that his thumb was still oozing blood, and stuck it in his mouth. 

"OH! Master, you're hurt! Please allow me to help." As she stood and approached him he saw that she really was short, maybe 4'10-11". She was like a petite version of Kristen Chenoweth, or maybe a slightly softer Olsen twin. Her muscles rippled underneath her skin, and the flowing bottom of her outfit was just as translucent as the top showing off a completely bald mons. In fact, it appeared that she was completely hairless other than her head and eyebrows and eyelashes. She took his hand, suffusing it with brief warmth, as she spoke. "Your protection from all harm and illness, Master. My powers will keep you completely healthy." 

He looked down at his now healed thumb, Maybe she's telling the truth after all. Looking back up at her, he couldn't help but take in the view of her body, "You are so beautiful." His automatic reaction was obviously apparent. 

She blushed, "Thank you, Master. You made me so. When my essence first bonded to you the magic involved read your sexual history and preferences in order to craft me into the form of your ideal sexual partner. I am a combination of everything you find desirable." She looked down, and blushed again before reaching out and touching his tented jockey shorts, "May I be of service again, Master?" 

Without waiting for a response she knelt and pulled down the waistband of his underwear. He flushed with embarrassment, not only because of his reaction to her, but also from his size. She didn't seem bothered by it though. She leaned in and licked his cock from base to tip several times before finally taking him into her mouth. He was already sweating with excitement and panting for breath. It was his first intimate touch from a woman, and it was a girl he had just met! That she was a magical creature whose entire existence revolved around his pleasure was beside the point. If anything that thought was speeding him along. 

He had no basis of comparison, but her blowjob skills were highly effective. In no time at all he was approaching the edge, and just when he thought he couldn't hold off anymore, she pulled off and began to lick and suck on his balls. She would pull one into her mouth, and hum around it before switching to the other one. While it felt wonderful, it was different enough that he calmed down, and she went back to sucking and bobbing on him. He had no idea that a tongue could DO those kinds of swirls and other movements with his cock that far inside her mouth. 

Even her skill wasn't enough to hold off the inevitable, however, and all too soon he was growling a warning, "Gonna CUM!!" Undeterred she bobbed deep one last time, then pulled back so just the crown was in her mouth and proceeded to stroke him as she drank his cream right from the source. The pleasure was so intense that reality faded away as he groaned his release.