 Alice's thoughts were fuzzy and sporadic as they trickled back into her mind. Her body felt so overwrought, her nerves hyper-aware of the feel of the tee-shirt rubbing against her nipples. She moaned at the sensation as her body returned to consciousness. 

She blinked open heavy eyelids and looked at the textured white ceiling of an unfamiliar bedroom. 

"Oh god... What did I do last night?" She groaned as she tried to recall why she'd woken up in someone else's bed. She hadn't gotten this drunk since her first misadventure with alcohol. She tried to press her hands to her forehead but her arms came up short as she realized she was shackled to a bed. 

"Oh double god... "

She'd ended up in a few situations she wasn't proud of but being shackled to a bed was a new one even for her. She turned her gaze to her shackled wrists and finally saw enough of the room to recognize it. She felt a giggle bubble up from inside her. The room seemed stayed and repressed with video game posters and magical drawings stuck on the walls, Levi had finally snapped and tied her down to have his wicked way with her. 

The thought was ridiculous, but there weren't many reasons to tie a girl to a bed that weren't for sexual reasons. She searched her memory and discovered a haze of wild sensation and a few flashes of erotic memory. Her nipples hardened beneath her shirt as she got one clear memory of her mouth wrapped around a cock, and the sensation of someone frantically tonguing her as she ground her snatch onto someone's face. 

She groaned again. She really had gone a round with Levi. She didn't even like men, or at least thought she hadn't but the few clear memories she had made it clear Levi had rocked her world. Maybe she was bi. She tested the theory and she pictured Levi in front of her naked, and aroused, and glorious. Her mouth watered and she felt an urge to run her tongue down his imaginary chest. The small fantasy surprised her. She really was attracted to him. She searched her memory some more and caught another scene, her mouth wrapped around his member, Levi shouting in pleasure and something... divine filling her mouth. She had the vague recollection of a taste that was utterly indescribable and a burning liquid sliding down her throat then her body had drowned in a pleasure so sharp her brain had shorted out completely. 

Just the memory of the sensation had her body curling into a ball of mindless lust before she burst like an over-full balloon. Her body shook in sharp spasms as she came. Her arms flailed and pulled tight against her bonds before her body settled and she panted.

Good lord... 

She thought, half amazed and half frightened. She'd come from just the memory of drinking his seed. That spurred more memories and she finally remembered why she was here. Levi's offer, her acceptance and the wild sex that had followed. She looked down at her tee-shirt and grinned like an idiot as she saw her boobs pushing up her tee-shirt. She had boobs, real boobs! She'd been wanting them for years and now she had a pair. They were modest by most standards but at least they could be classified as actual breasts. 

She wanted nothing more than to cup them in her hands and feel the delicious weight of them as she giggled in glee. It was a shame she was tied down. Maybe Levi would play with them for her. The thought sent a bolt of lust through her body and her nipples tightened.

Where had that come from? She moaned as her pussy clenched in desire and wetness ran down her thighs. She was on a hair trigger.It was a strange feeling, but not unpleasant. She'd always liked being horney. To most people they masturbated when ever their body got worked up to stop the feeling. Alice on the other hand would tease herself for days. Playing with herself when she had free time but not to orgasm, just enough to keep her wet and wanting. It made the world sharper, made her feel alive. It was a strange habit but the feel of a orgasm days in the making was better than every other sexual experience in her life. Until last night. She shuddered again and a throb started in her nipples and clit. 

************************************************************

Levi walked into the room, just as Alice was looking for a way out of her bonds. He noticed her tugging at her cuffs and caught her eyes. "Alice are you in there?" He asked in an exhausted voice. His eyes were red-rimmed and he walked with the vacant expression of someone in desperate need of sleep. He sounded as if they'd had this conversation more than once and she'd never given him the answer he was looking for.

"Soooo... I finally fall asleep at your house and wake up tied to your bed. A bolder move than I would have expected from you, but I have to admit I like this new side of you." Alice said with her normal impudent grin. 

Levi's shoulders sagged in relief as a weak smile came to his face. "Thank god." he said as he started working on the restraints. "I couldn't have done this for another day."

"What do you mean another day. I came over last night." Alice said as her arms came free and she rubbed the red marks on her wrists. She sat up and looked into Levi's eyes. 

"No, actually it's Friday afternoon. You've been out for almost two entire days." Out wasn't quite the right word. Alice had spent most of the last two days moaning in mindless lust and trying to seduce him in the most juvenile and ridiculous ways possible. It wasn't a pleasant memory and taking care of her had been a nightmare.

Alice looked at him with a shocked expression. "I don't remember anything past... She blushed and looked away. " When I swallowed." Her body shuddered in a way entirely to distracting for Levi. Fending off your crush as she tried to convince you to fuck her and jam your cock down her throat would take a toll on any man. Levi was tired, sore from sleeping on the couch, and horney as hell. 

"That's pretty common. You got a good deal more of me than I wanted to give you. I'd expected you to be out of it until tomorrow morning." Levi said clinically, as if his room wasn't filled with the smell of Alice's arousal. After two days it had saturated into everything. He didn't even want to think about what his bed smelled like. He knew damn well as soon as Alice left he'd be sniffing his sheets while he stroked his rod in a frenzy. It wouldn't be a proud moment in his life but it was going to happen. He was so damn hard. He didn't even want to think about how long it would take for her smell to dissipate. He might need to burn everything in his room or he'd never get any sleep. 

Alice stretched her legs and stood up. Her chest bounced a bit with the motion, and Levi groaned. He long tanned legs were visible below the tee-shirt she wore and she cupped her breasts in both hands and jiggled them. His groan turned into something akin to a whimper.

Alice ignored him and walked out of his room and out into the kitchen where she fixed them both pancakes and sausage. Alice ate like she was starving, which she likely was. He'd tried to feed her, but his options were rather limited while she was tied down, and every time he'd untied her she'd done her best to rape him.

"So..." Alice said finally, her words garbled around an entire pancake she'd just shoved in her mouth. "What's the plan?" She said as she looked up at him with those two beautiful green eyes. Levi just stared at her, with no idea what to say. 

"What's, what plan?" He asked baffled. Alice rolled her eyes. 

"Well, we just had sex." She said as if they were discussing the weather. "I mean I think that two friends having sex sort of changes things. Then there's the fact I've got boobs now. Thank you for that by the way and for taking care of me. So what I guess I'm asking is where do we go from here?" She said, her eyes open and honest. 

She was always so damn blunt. If something needed talked about, then she brought it up. Didn't matter if people were comfortable, or if it was a good time, or even if they were alone. Levi rubbed his forehead as Alice stood up from the table and stretched. Her tee-shirt pulled tight over her new breasts. The sight tightened his jeans and his mouth watered. 

"The way I see it. We've got a couple of options." Alice said as looked at him earnestly. "We can pretend nothing happened. Go back to our lives, our friendship, keep things comfortable until you leave for school and we grow apart." Levi stared into her green eyes and thought nearly sickened him. 

"Or..." She said as she walked toward him with a seductive swing in her hips. "We can see how deep the rabbit hole goes." Her long legs mesmerized him as she stalked forward and it was a stalk. He felt like a mouse as a cat walked slowly towards him.

"I'll say Legs. You were the first man I've ever been with. I didn't even know a man could get me hot, but the feel of your mouth on me." She was three steps away and her pace slowed. " The feel of your cock in my mouth." The distance narrowed to two steps. " The feel of your hands on my body and you sucking on my tits." One step, and Levi's back pressed against the kitchen island. She ran her hands down her body as she closed the final distance. "It was so... Fucking... Good." She growled as she jerked his head down and kissed him. Levi indulged both her and himself for a few seconds before he pried her away from him. 

"Alice stop... This isn't you. The magic is still in your body." He said, his breath a bit shallow from the kiss. 

"I know it is... I can feel it. My skin is so sensitive, and just the thought of your hands and mouth on me has me wet, but that's not all of it... God, Levi. You can't even imagine what it was like. I've had a few partners but... It's not even close to what you do to me." She said as she reached out towards him again. Levi caught her hands, not giving in yet. 

"I get that you're trying to be all chivalrous, but stop. Just let it go. You want me... I want you. Why make everything so fucking complicated?" She said as she reached for him again. 

Levi wavered... He was only a man after all. Why shouldn't he just take her. She'd feel so damn good. He was tired of holding himself back, tired of towing the line, he just wanted to throw all of it out the window and pound into Alice's sweet warmth as she came apart in his arms. Still, he didn't know what to do. He'd gone from sexual famine to feast and he didn't know how to deal with all of it. 

"Alice... What's gotten into you?" Levi asked, meeting her eyes. She smiled up at him and stepped even closer pressing her body against his chest. 

"Levi, I'm a slut. I always have been, since the first time I kissed one of my friends on a dare at a sleepover. I like sex. I like to touch and be touched. The only reason you've never seen me act like this is because I've never wanted a man...now I do." Alice had always had a low voice but now it was full of smoke and promise. Levi's cock throbbed in response. 

"Now... I've got brand-new tits and I want to try them out so badly I've already soaked through my panties. Put your hands on me." She growled as she kissed him again, and in the time honored tradition of most men, Levi's good intentions died. 

His arms wrapped around her and pulled her tight against them as their lips locked and tongues tangled. His senses shifted as the incubus in him rose, then he could feel Alice in a way that went beyond the feel of her mouth and his hands on her ass. He could feel her hunger for him. This wasn't like last time. Last time She'd been tentative, almost resigned, offering herself up to pay a debt. She'd known Levi had wanted her while she'd remained uninterested. Now it was different. She wanted him, he could feel how it surprised her, but also how she liked it. How she wanted to explore this new thing with him, wanted his hands on her body. 

Levi obliged her, breaking their kiss long enough to pull the thin tee-shirt she wore over her head before they were kissing again. He reached up and cupped her newly grown perky breasts. Her body seemed to go liquid and she melted into him and moaned. He could feel how sensitive she was there. He'd noticed during their last session how sensitive her breasts were but it was even worse now, or better judging by the way she was mewling and grinding her wet sex against his leg. It was the effect of his magic. Making her more sensitive, making her want him. He didn't know if the effect would be permanent but he hoped not. He'd already changed her, he didn't want anything else on his conscious. 

"Legs... " Alice growled. "Stop thinking. I'm naked and were having sex. Turn off that damn brain of your for a few fucking minutes." She said as she reached down and grabbed his cock. Levi hesitated for another moment then stopped thinking. Turning himself over to his demon and letting his lust run free. 

Levi hauled Alice up his body before turning and pushing her down onto the island. He pressed her down, stepping between her spread legs. She gasped at the rough handling but the spike of lust it sent through her let Levi know she wasn't protesting. He took a long look at her glorious body laid out before him. Her body was long and lithe, with the muscles and build of an athlete. Her legs and arms were tanned a beautiful bronze, but the rest of her was paler shade. It was obvious she tanned in the nude, but didn't do it enough to blend the shades completely. That made him smile, and he ran his tongue along the tan line on her neck. She shuddered and the bolt of lust it send through her flowed into him. It feed the incubus part of him and filled his magical reservoir. 

He wondered at that. He honestly had no what he could do. Every mixed-breed had gifts apart from normal magic and incubi were very rare. He'd held off her orgasm last time they'd had sex but that was almost instinctual. Messing with a partner's sexual pleasure was an incubus's main purpose, so it didn't surprise him it had been ridiculously easy and had only cost him the smallest drop of power. He'd always been a strong magic user, and the feel of Alice's desire flowing into him as he teased her, made him think he'd be able to manage quite a bit if he knew what he was doing. 

He was curious though. He focused his magic and desire, then tried something. The tips of his fingers filled with infernal magic and a large chunk of his power left him. His balance wavered from the sudden drain but he shook off the dizziness as he placed his magiced fingers onto Alice. He played them over her skin with the lightest touch. She writhed like a wild thing as pleasure exploded from the flesh he ran his fingers over. He was amplifying the pleasure of his touch and the sensitivity of her skin. It was a ridiculous use of magic but rather useful for this one specific circumstance. Alice must have approved because her surge of lust hit him like a punch and the magic he'd just expended started filling back up. 

Alice was enjoying his new fingers but she wanted him to suck her nipples. The thought was so strong it was nearly screaming in his head. Levi wanted to suck her nipples as well, so he gave in and took one of the hardened nubs into his mouth, while his fingers continued to play over her body. Alice's hips bucked upwards and she grabbed two fistfuls of his messy hair. Her boobs were still hyper-sensitive and his first good suck sent her crashing into her first orgasm. Levi kept sucking as she cried out and shook. She tried to push him away as the feeling was too intense but Levi held her down and kept sucking. Alice went crazy, her whole body bowing into a rictus as she frantically tried to break the connection. 

Levi gave in and let the nipple go, only to latch onto her other breast just as she relaxed. She moaned and bucked again as another orgasm started to build, and Levi happily suckled her until she was right on the edge. Then he sent out another piece of his power to prevent her from cumming at the same time he slid his super-charged fingers down her body and onto her clit. This time she screamed, long and loud as her body strained to find release but could not. Her could feel how good it all felt for her, her tension kept rising but was unable to break free.The pleasure rose and rose until he could feel it turning into an awful sort of agony for her. This was dangerous, he knew that instinctively as well. If he pressed too much he might really shatter her mind, or give her a heart attack, or something equally bad. He held her there for one more seconds then let her go. 

She sobbed in relief as her orgasm started and Levi held her as she thrashed and screamed. He picked her up as she came down from cumming, then took the two steps over to the kitchen table and laid her down on it. It was lower than the island at at nearly the perfect height. He adjusted her limp body until her spread legs were on either side of him. Then before he lost his nerve he slid his cock into a girl he loved for the first time. The sensation was was indescribable. It wasn't just the physical sensations, those he could at least find words for. She was so warm, tight but obviously no virgin, and so drenched for him. It was the other feelings he couldn't quite wrap his brain around. They were connected now on some primal level. It wasn't the demon in him this time, it was the human. This just felt... right, good. It felt like coming home. 

He was sure he was romanticizing things, this was his first lay after all, but he could now understand why sex made relationships so complicated. It would be hard to share something like this with someone and not have it seriously strain any relationship they'd already built. It was like wrapping a giant vice around their relationship and squeezing. If they fit together right it would press them tighter together, if not it would just shatter and leave nothing but broken pieces.

He pulled out, then thrust back in. His demon senses were telling him Alice's emotions were all over the place. She'd felt the connection and was both happy and scared at this new connection they had. Levi looked down into Alice's wide green eyes and smiled before kissing her. She wanted to stop this, to talk. She wanted him to continue, to share this bond with him and see where it lead, and the demon magic still in her wanted Levi to push her legs up over her head and pound his cock in until they both came. 

Levi picked option three. Partly because it seemed the most fun and partly because he was too chicken to explore the other options. He pulled up her legs and spent the next ten minutes pounding orgasm after orgasm out of her sweet pussy, before pulling out and cumming all over her stomach and new perky breasts.

As pumped up on lust as he was, he came like a fountain and think rope after thick rope covered her tan skin. She laughed aloud as she ran her delicate hands through the mess, giggling in joy while Levi slumped against her trying to catch his breath. Sex was hard work and he was out of shape. Still, the expenditure was well worth it. He pressed a kiss against her lips and they smiled as they looked into each others eyes. 

Then Levi pushed himself up and pulled out of her as he turned away to grab the paper-towels from the holder on the island.

"Hold a sec, Lemme get something to clean you up." He said around a laugh. He walked over the the counter and pulled a bunch of paper towels off the roll. That's when he heard the muffled scream from behind him and turned back to Alice only to see one hand pinching her left nipple while her cum-covered right hand was stuck into her mouth. 

"Damn It!, NO!" Levi shouted but it was too late. Alice was already off on another sperm bender, writhing and twitching on the kitchen table. He should have known better. She'd just come down from the last time. That was like waving an open bottle of scotch under the nose of an alcoholic. 
