 Part One - The Journey Begins

It is 2469 in the arcology on earth where London and much of the south of England once stood. A sprawling mass of mile high towers connected by transit tubes all under a giant protective shield. It is home to over 10 billion people, many of whom won't even travel to another arcology on Earth once in their life, let alone one of the many planets now in reach of humanity. However some do leave when the chance arises even if it is against their better judgment. This is the story of one such journey.....

Bethany Starglider looked around her clean, stylish apartment for what might the last time in a while. A smile crossed her face she'd finally got the place looking just how she liked it. The bright walls and carpets with flowery curtains and furniture looked perfect. So she didn't have a boyfriend to share it with but at least he didn't spoil it with his silly bloke stuff.

She sighed as the thick, metal door to the apartment slid shut behind her. She was leaving her apartment and the safety of her home arcology for the first time in her 23 years and it filled her with dread. It had seemed such a wonderful idea all those months ago when she'd finally got into contact with her childhood friends again. Somewhat unusually all had left Earth for life amongst the stars something Bethany could not understand. But they had all been happy to talk to her and each other, so Bethany suggested they meet up, back in London she had assumed. Unfortunately then Shara had suggested Pleasauous IV in the Andromeada galaxy, Bethany had never heard of it but the other girls seemed to jump at the idea and Shara had even said she had her own ship for the trip so Bethany agreed.

A little research in the Arcology's databanks had then shown her that Pleasauous IV was a very popular holiday destination, particularly amongst young, trendy people. Not really the sort of place she liked but Bethany decided to go anyway, it would be nice to see her old friends again.

She'd even bought a few new outfits for the trip like the one she was currently wearing. A lovely pale yellow summer dress, a little more daring and fashionable than usual for her with a hemline that was only just above her knees and a cut that was much tighter. She blushed slightly as she looked at herself in the shiny metal wall of the arcology corridor and saw that in fact the dress was quite a bit tighter than she wanted. Then Bethany giggled realising it made her look a little like one of the tramp sluts that worked the lower levels with the dress clinging tightly to her pert butt and nicely showing off her firm, round, large tits.

"If only Boris Jackson could see me now, he wouldn't think I was frigid and stuck up now would he." She giggled as she continued on her way, tossing her long blond hair behind her, "Maybe this trip won't be as bad as I thought."

**********

Bethany was walking through the Arcology's starport and having never been to the starport or taken a shuttle was very lost. The starport was crowded with thousands of people and even aliens all from apparently different corners of the galaxy. People tried to sell her everything she had ever heard off and more, some girls even offered to do things to her she was sure couldn't be legal and the fashions were amazing. Styles and clothes Bethany had never seen, most of which made he decide that she was still overdressed.

Standing in front of the departures board trying to comprehend what it said in dozens of languages some of them not even human with people, aliens, robotic luggage carriers and starport staff surrounding and pushing her, Bethany began to despair.

"Oh, I knew this was a bad idea. I can't even find my way out of the arcology." She sobbed, tears beginning to well up in her eyes.

"Are you OK fraulein?"

Bethany looked around at were the question had come from. No one was there.

"I am down here" the voice said again.

Bethany looked down; standing beside at about three high was an middle-aged professor with a long white lab coat and small, round wire frame glasses.

"I am Provessor Von Kronstein. I have just arrived from Berlin, could I be of service to a damsel in distress?" the short professor said.

"Maybe you can, I'm trying to find the shuttle bay for the Luna express." Bethany answered.

"Travelling to the moon then are you?"

"Ummmm, yes but I'm just meeting a friend's ship there."

"Vell you are in great luck. The Luna Express has been cancelled for today but I have a private vessel vhich is heading to the Moon shortly. I vould be honoured if such a fair blonde maiden as yourself vould join me." The Professor smiled oddly as he said this but Bethany could see few other options and he seemed nice enough.

"That would be wonderful, thank you. My name's Bethany by the way."

"Vell Bethany follow me and ve can leave shortly."

**************

The professor's craft was much bigger than Bethany had imagined, a small section for flying the ship sat at the front, though it was completely automated according to the Professor, whilst a giant stardrive and life support section sat at the back.

"Wow! Your ship is so big." Bethany said, wide eyed as they entered the shuttle bay.

"Ja it is large. I spend much off my time in space so I have a vull laboratory on board. Ve Vill be the only ones travelling fraulein Bethany so I can show you it after we take off."

The beautiful Bethany, her high heels clicking on the metal floor, followed the diminutive German Professor into the spacecraft. The pair hurried to the life support section as the ship went through its pre-launch cycle.

Entering the main lounge of the ship the professor indicated a large, high backed, silver chair with large arm rests. "Please sit there and place your arms on the rests. The chair will restrain you during launch."

Bethany hurried over to the chair and sat down, tightly grabbing the arm rests and nervously fidgeting as the professor took a similar but much smaller seat near her. A great roar filled the ship as the engines cut in and moments later the chair sprung to life. Straps zipped from compartments in the chair firmly grabbing Bethany, four wrapped around her arms and legs and two more grabbed around her chest. The straps firmly squeezed her tits, wrapping around them and meeting in the middle of her cleavage. It hurt a little but she quickly realised it was necessary as the ship launched and several g's of force pushed against her.

After the initial shock Bethany found that the pressure of the straps around her tits was actually quite pleasurable. They were crushing and squeezing her pert breasts in ways that there had never been before, it was sending waves off pleasure down her body straight down into her pussy. As the ship continued through the atmosphere towards space Bethany's cunt began to get wet, she rarely masturbated and there had only been that one time with Boris Jackson meaning she was quite unused to the erotic pleasure flowing through her. She could feel her cotton panties getting soaked by her own juices and her nipples poked up right through her dress between the straps.

Then suddenly the ship was free of the atmosphere, a brief moment of zero g followed before the ship's anti-gravity kicked in. Things quickly returned to normal and the pressure on Bethany's tits stopped, she immediately became very embarrassed at her feelings. She could still feel her soaked panties against her skin and the dampness on both her thighs. She just hoped the Professor wouldn't notice anything.

The straps on the professor chair flipped back in and he walked to stand in front of the still restrained Bethany.

"Errr, Professor isn't the chair going to release me?" Bethany asked a little concerned.

"Of course not you stupid, naive fraulein. I cannot believe you would get in a strange ship with a man like me. HA HA HA!" boomed the Professor as he stared up at Bethany's chest.

"Please.....don't kill me." Bethany whimpered as fear quickly replaced the arousal and embarrassment of moments before.

"Don't worry darling, I could never kill a veutiful Aryan girl like you. No, I have a much higher purpose for you." The dwarven nazi then climbed up onto Bethany's lap, sitting with his legs around her thighs. Then in one quick motion he reached up and ripped off Bethany's dress, completely tearing it off her.

Bethany screamed, still tied up and now only wearing her white panties and bra she could barely breath due to the fear.

Laughing manically the professor reached up again and pulled off Bethany's bra. Her pert tits popped out, bobbing gently with the freedom. Her smallish pink nipples had nearly returned to their unexcited state but a hint of erectness remained. The professor saw this and promptly bent forward his mouth sucking in one of her nipples. The silence was only broken by the Professor's occasional laughter and some sick slurping sounds, he moved between each nipple licking them then sucking them into his mouth. Bethany was disgusted but couldn't ignore the pleasure she was feeling, with each flick of his tongue her nipples became harder and harder. Bethany could even feel her juices bubbling in her pussy again and she began emitting soft moans.

"uhhhh...what do....do..uhhhh...you want me for?...uuuuhhh" Bethany asked.

"You will be mother to my race of Ubermensch star varriors vhich I vill use to rule the galaxy." The Professor answered in between nipples.

"uhhhh...you...will be...uhhh....the father?"

"No my dear. As much as I vould enjoy it, the results vould not be right." With this the professor climbed off Bethany, pulling off her dripping panties as he did so to reveal her tight, soaking pussy and neat pubic hair. Disappointed the sucking had stopped and the fear now gone Bethany couldn't wait to see what was next.

"No the father vill be my genetic creation Adolf!" The professor screamed as he made a wide motion with his arm to point at a man who had just entered the lounge.

Bethany gasped at the sight. He was a perfect man, the sort she had daydreams about all the time, the sort she never, ever met. He was tall and incredible well muscled, blonde with a finely chiselled face. And naked.

Bethany gasped again when she saw his cock; erect and thick it was at least a foot long. A little of the fear re-entered Bethany, she didn't really want that inside her. However Adolf moved forward and as he did the straps around Bethany's legs began to move to each side, making her spread her legs wide apart. Soon Adolf was standing between her spread legs, her pussy was still dripping her honey onto her legs, the chair and the floor but a look of worry was on her face.

"Please I can't take that, it's too big, please?" Bethany begged.

"Do not be foolish girl you vill love it and remember this is just the first of many times! HA HA HA!" cackled the professor.

Adolf staring blankly at Bethany knelt between her legs and placed the end of his dick against her pussy lips. Slowly he thrust forward, Bethany's cunt stretching to accept the thick meat. She screamed in a mixture of pleasure and pain. Then he was hilted inside her, she'd never felt so full it was amazing.

"Oh god yes! Fuck me! Please fuck me!" Bethany moaned, it seemed her dream man also had her dream penis. As commanded Adolf began humping her, nearly fully pulling out then hilting again. As he did so, he reached up with both hands, cupped her ripe tits and began squeezing them, much like the straps had done earlier. Bethany was in heaven and she could feel her orgasm building as she moaned with each thrust. Then she felt it, beginning in her pussy and spreading around her body, Bethany had a monstrous orgasm. As her cunt spasmed, tightening around Adolf's dick, he also came, firing spurt after spurt of hot jism into her body.

Adolf pulled away, as did the straps but Bethany just lay there, a huge smile on her face and her body covered in sweat as her honey and Adolf's cum dripped out of her pussy.

"Good my beautiful children, you did well but now rest shortly, I will extract the fertilised egg from Bethany, induce another egg then you can fuck again." said the Professor.

Bethany smiled at the thought of a lifetime of being fucked by Adolf though terribly guilty at being so dirty at the same time it wasn't like her at all. When suddenly the computers announcing system cut in throughout the ship.

"WARNING! HOSTILE VESSEL ON ATTACK VECTOR!"

"Vhat who vould attack me and vhy?" Screamed the Professor.

Small explosions began going off all around the ship then suddenly a massive thud was heard. Bethany watched, still too tired to move, as the professor ran around the lounge screaming obscenities in German. Adolf stood motionless to one side, a big smile on his face.

"WARNING! HOSTILES NOW BOARDING!" the computer announced.

Seconds later the door to the lounge burst open. "Sarha!" Bethany screamed when she saw who the attacker was.

"Stay down Bethany I'll deal with these scum!" Bethany's newly arrived friend said. Bethany was pleased by her best friends appearance, she had no idea how she had found her but now at least she could get on with the holiday even if it meant no more Adolf.

Sarha Jones was just like Bethany remembered, a very pretty girl with long blonde hair she looked very similar to Bethany, when they were children people often said they could be sisters. The way you could now easily tell the apart was their tits. Whilst puberty had not been unkind to Bethany it had been very, very generous to Sarha. Her breasts were at least twice the size of Bethany's.

Also, like Bethany remembered, Sarha dressed in a much less modest style than herself, something she always found a bit shocking. As Sarha strode about the lounge blasting the Professor and Adolf with a large laser pistol as they tried to escape she wore a very tight black PVC bustier which more than showed off her giant tits, black PVC hot pants and black, thigh high, stiletto boots. 

Bethany, her strength returning, began to move towards the door but couldn't keep her eyes off her beautiful friend that she hadn't seen for six years. Her best friend had become a sexy, dominant bitch and Bethany found herself enjoying watching her.

The Professor had finally managed to escape from the lounge and Sarha turned to Bethany, "Come on Bethany we'd better get out of here before he comes back with some more of those dishy blonde guys."

"Ok I'm coming Sarha." Bethany answered quietly still totally naked though the cum and sweat was beginning to dry. Bethany followed Sarha out of the Professor's ship and into the airlock connected to her ship, all the time her eyes flowing over the body of Sarha. She didn't really understand it, she'd never felt so attracted to a girl before but then she'd never seen a girl like Sarha before.

The two girls had finally got to Sarha's ship and as she locked the airlock and ordered the computer to launch she said "Welcome onboard the Dominator, I'm sorry I took so long Bethany when you didn't meet me I hacked into the Earth Immigration computer to see what had happened. When I discovered you'd left on that freak's ship I came straight after you but I'm sorry I wasn't quick enough."

"Quick enough?" Bethany asked.

"Yes, I mean they did rape you didn't they?"

"Oh yes....ummm, yes it was horrible but I'm glad you arrived." Bethany felt a little white lie at this point was probably better than the truth. 

"Well I'm sorry again Bethany but it's OK now, I've set the ship on course for Mars so we can pick up the other girls then get on with this holiday." Sarha said as the two hotties walked down the corridor.

"Now I don't understand all this. How come you've got a spaceship and laser pistols and can hack into computers, what do you do Sarha?"

"It's simple I'm a space pirate." Sarha proudly answered.

"Wow that's so exciting." giggled Bethany as the pair entered the main cabin of the ship.

"Yeah it is but I'll tell you about it later. First we better get you some clothes."

"I haven't got any of mine now. We left all of them on the Professor's ship."

Sarha stepped up to Bethany and looked her up and down in a way that made her shiver. "Well you can borrow some of mine, that's if you want to put any on." Bethany gulped more than a little nervous from her friend's proximity. Sarha continued "I've missed you all these years Bethany and to see you now all grown up, beautiful and naked. It's making me wet."

"Me....too." Bethany just managed to whisper as the two girls embraced. Their soft red lips touched, mouths open and tongues flicking one another. Bethany pushed her body against Sarha, relishing the feeling off her boobs crushing Sarha's through the cool PVC.

"I've never had a girl before." Bethany said between kisses as Sarha's hands roamed over her once again aroused body.

"Don't worry darling I have....many times." Sarha breathed as she pulled away from the embrace pulling off her top and hot pants.

Bethany gasped at Sarha's naked body, it was more fabulous than she imagined and the boots she still wore now looked even sexier, she had to get herself some.

"Lie on the floor, I'll so you how to lick a girl out." commanded Sarha.

Bethany couldn't refuse this sexy, dominant girl and she lay back on the hard, metal floor stretching her legs apart. Sarha quickly fell to her knees before Bethany and then bent down, her tongue pushing straight into Bethany's slimy cunt.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" Bethany screeched.

"Calm down baby, let your orgasm build slowly, lie back, enjoy yourself."

Bethany tried to do as Sarha said, trying to calm herself, slow her breathing but as Sarha's warm tongue continued to lick deep in and around her cunt, her orgasm got closer and closer. Then without warning Sarha bit her clitoris and Bethany came, sending her honey all over her blonde friend's face. 

Sarha lapped it up but didn't stop the attention on Bethany's cunt and she could feel another orgasm building. Bethany soon came a second, third and a forth time. Sarha finally pulled herself up, her face still dripping in Bethany's honey.

"Well baby, do you think you could lick a girl out now?" asked Sarha as her tongue licked cum from her face.

"I think I could try..."