 Levi slid through the streets of Reno on his floundering hover-board. The damn thing was listing and he had to keep leaning left to balance it out as it continued to tilt to the right. The Air runes that were supposed to be keeping the thing off the ground needed re-worked but he sucked with Air magic. Earth he could get by with, but Fire and Darkness were the only elements he felt comfortable enough with to try and repair professional work. 

His board gave another lurch as the screwed-up matrix over-strained another rune and broke the enchantment completely. Light flashed and a small wave of magical power erupted as the board flipped and only Levi's quick dismount kept him from slamming face-first onto the street. He landed half-jogging and caught himself on a streetlight before he ate asphalt. He looked around with a sigh. 

The heat reflecting up off the asphalt and concrete had turned the entire city into a giant frying pan. Only a few people determined or stupid enough to be out in this weather were outdoors and the streets were nearly empty of both pedestrians and cars. At 2:00 PM on a Tuesday most people had better places to be. Levi spotted an empty bench beneath a half-withered tree. It wouldn't provide much shade but Summer in Nevada was hot on the best of days and even a mixed-blood like him was uncomfortable when it was over a hundred. 

He slid onto the bench and wiped the sweat from his forehead with the collar of his shirt, before flipping his board up into his lap so he could look at it. The results were as he'd suspected, three broken runes. 

"Shit..."

He swore darkly. Three runes would cost him damn near three-hundred bucks to get fixed. He could buy a whole new board for that much and he didn't have that much money anyway. He'd only just graduated high-school a week ago and was leaving for college when summer was over. He'd need to spend what little savings he had on books and tuition unless he could find work somewhere. Not that there was much calling for a darkness mage, especially a mixed-blood one. Darkness wasn't a branch of magic that leant itself to commercialization, and although race discrimination wasn't supposed to happen it always did. It might have been alright if he was part fey, or nephilim, or something a little more PC, but being part demon usually turned off prospective employers. He was only 1/16 demon but the stigma was still attached. 

His demon blood was thin enough he looked like a normal human but he wasn't. It was part of the reason he was so skilled with Darkness and Fire magic, but the price for that skill was high, and he couldn't even cash in on it. Darkness wasn't good for much but corruption and death, and all the things he could probably make that would sell were also illegal. 

He sighed as he leaned back against the bench. The sun beat down overhead and the sad looking tree wasn't really helping. He could always just hoof it back home to the Air-conditioning at his dad's house but that was all the way across town and it would be a miserable walk in this heat. He was weighing his options when someone slid onto the bench beside him and bumped him hard enough to push him nearly off the bench. 

"Hey Legs, whatcha doin'?" Came a teasing female voice as his best friend punched him in the arm. Levi's eyes flicked up to sparkling green eyes and a impish grin. He sighed in mock exasperation then righted himself, taking the opportunity to catch a glimpse of the long tanned legs that he loved so much. It always amused him that his own long chicken-legs had earned him the nickname Legs, when that's the one he always called her in his own mind. It was a damn shame she was a lesbian.

He'd liked her for almost as long as he'd known her, but romance was a great way to kill a friendship. Still, her tastes ran the other direction so the point was a moot one, but as a drop of sweat ran down her long neck and disappeared down her collar he really wished she wasn't. 

Alice wasn't a beauty, 5'10 and lean with a long sharp face. She had non-existent breasts but decent hips and everything lower was grade A. Alice looked like the epitome of the female athlete. Her pixie cut blonde hair made her look younger than she was and if it wasn't for her amazing ass she'd look like a boy. Her loose athletic shorts and her basketball jersey didn't do much to feminize her but it did at least let Levi see her long legs.

"My damn board broke... Again." Levi grumbled as he leaned the broken board against the bench. 

"How many times is that? When are you gonna throw that piece of crap out and get a new one?" Alice asked him, her voice was a cool alto, deeper than most girls, but it had a throatiness to it he'd always liked. Then again, he was part demon, so he liked pretty much everything about all women. That was where his problem was, being part incubus made sex... complicated. 

Sex as an eighteen year old guy was complex enough without throwing in sex-demon mojo. He didn't have enough incubus in him that girls threw themselves at him or anything, but physical contact with any sort of sexual connotation would usually trip his magic. His first kiss had proven that to him. 

The girls were playing spin the bottle at a party back in ninth-grade and Mandy Tanner's single peck on his lips had ended in her trying to rip off his clothes and rape him in front of fifteen people. That had pretty much done it for any possible relationship for the rest of his high-school days. So he was still a virgin. It wasn't that he couldn't have gotten a girl, but how was he supposed to know if a girl actually liked him or was just drunk on his magic. It seemed wong to put the whammy on someone just to get off. 

"If you wanna pay for it, i'll be happy to buy it." Levi said bitterly, coming back to the conversation. "I'm broke as hell." 

"You're the best mage I know. Christ, if I had your talent I wouldn't even both with college." She said as she splayed herself out on the bench. Alice acted about as feminine as she looked. She was loud, crude, and didn't have a dainty bone in her body. 

"Who needs Fire magic done in a damn desert, and don't even get me started on Darkness." Levi sighed. "At least with a degree I could move somewhere and find work doing magical research or something. Besides, the college gave me a fat scholarship, affirmative action and all that. Apparently, they needed to bring their number of mixed-racial students up."

"Well, go charm a few widow's then. I know old Mrs. Carver would fork over some green for a ride. She's always watching you when you're around. Hell, you could make a circuit of it. " She said with a grin as she elbowed me in the ribs. 

"I'm not becoming a man-whore." Levi said exasperated. "I've got some standards. Besides, I want my first time to be special." 

"Not this again... Gods, you're as bad as a middle-school girl. Your first time is going to be embarrassing, and awkward, and awful. You might as well just get it out of the way. It's not like saving yourself is going to accomplish something." She said, disgusted. 

"Yes, because your such a role model. Just because I'm not hopping in the sack with someone different every week doesn't mean I'm the one with the problem. " Levi said. "And close your damn legs, the smell is bad enough when it's not 100 degrees."

Alice snorted and punched him again, before her eyes widened slightly at something past him and she whistled softly. "Good Lord, she is hot." Levi followed her gaze and saw a woman walking a snow-white baby griffin down the sidewalk. She was wearing movie-star sunglasses to cover her eyes and face but she had a body of pure sin, and boobs as big as volley-balls. She was dressed to kill and was drawing the gaze of all six people on the street.

"Probably a senator's wife, she's a trophy if I've ever seen one. " Levi said as he watched the swing of her hips. He really did need to get laid. Maybe he should take Alice's advice and just get it over with. "Likely some nymph or dryad in her with that green hair." He continued.

"I wish I had boobs." Alice said wistfully. Levi caught the flash sadness in her eyes before it was gone again. As bad as high-school had been for him, Alice hadn't had it much better. Being openly gay was bad enough but combined with her boyish features he knew she was teased and bullied all the time. Boys were cruel, but girls were always way worse when it came to bullying. It was why they'd started hanging out together in the first place.Things weren't so bad in high-school for her, but Levi knew that junior-high had been hell.

Still, her loss had been his gain. He'd never wish it on her, but if she hadn't been such an outcast they'd have never become friends. They were two pariahs who'd both been seeking someone to share some of the burden with. It had taken them all of two days of eating lunch together to be inseparable. Now he couldn't imagine life without her, leaving for school was going to be hard on them both. 

"Would you really want to look like that. How could you even bend over?" Levi asked jokingly. He liked a girl with some curves but he'd always thought Alice looked good. He'd always carried a bit of a torch for her though. Looking at her objectively, she was probably below average. 

"God yes." She said seriously, her eyes filled with longing look he'd never seen on her. Something was definitely wrong. Alice was foul-mouthed and more than a bit crude but she was always good natured. It paired well with his own brooding personality. Her acting serious always meant something had happened. He gave her leg a light tap with the back of his hand to draw her attention and met her green eyes with his own blue ones. 

"What's wrong?" Levi asked her. 

"Nothing... It's just..." She sighed.

"Common, spit it out. You know I won't leave it alone, and it's too damn hot out here to make me drag it out of you." Levi coaxed. 

"Mandy cheated on me." She said finally. "It's not like we were in love or anything but you know? She could have at least broken up with me first. I mean it's not that hard, you'd think someone you shared yourself with would give you at least a bit of respect. But seeing your girlfriend with her tongue down some bimbo's throat ten minutes after she texts you that she can't see you tonight..." A tear rolled down her face and Levi started to panic a little. He'd NEVER seen Alice cry. "Why can't it just be me for once?" She choked out as she started to cry.

Levi looked at her, completely at a loss for what to do. Then he wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him. She sobbed harder and he held her in silence as she cried herself out. It took a while, and the heat of the day was starting to break by the time she pulled herself back together. 

"Thank you... For being you." She said finally as she finally pulled away from him and stood up. "I'm gonna head home. I'll see you tomorrow." She said as she wiped another tear away and started walking back to her house. Levi watched her go with a pensive expression. He'd never seen her in such a state and he didn't like it. He bit his lip as he grabbed his broken board and started his long walk home. He had something that might help her, but he didn't know if he was more afraid of her saying no, or more afraid of her saying yes.

**************************************************************

Alice sat in Levi's gaming chair on the floor of his bedroom as he paced nervously. He'd texted her after he'd gotten home last night to meet him, but now that she was here he didn't know if he really could go through with it. It had seemed like something he should at least offer her, he owed her that much. It was definitely going to complicate things if she said yes, and it was more than a little dangerous. 

"So are you gonna tell me what this is about? You invited me over to your house when your parents aren't home. I gotta say I'm fearing for my virtue a little." Alice said with a wry grin. She was dressed in a pair of capris and a green tee, and her voice sounded more teasing than worried. 

"Did you mean what you said yesterday?" Levi turned and asked her, his expression deadly serious and his eyes a little wild.

"Did I mean what...?" She asked cautiously.. She looked confused as she stared up at him from her seat near the floor. 

"That you'd really want to change your body if you could?" Levi asked her again, his eyes never leaving hers. She frowned in confusion.

"Yes... I did, but I don't see what that has to do with you acting all crazy. What's going on?" She asked.

Levi wrung his hands as he turned away from her and started pacing again. " You know I'm part incubus, If you really want to change... I could help you." He looked at her tentatively as he spoke, not sure what her reaction would be. She just looked confused though. 

"I don't under... " She started then her eyes widened. "That's actually true? I always thought that was a myth. You mean your... actually?" She said, her eyes as big as saucers. 

It wasn't a myth. He knew it wasn't. His father only had three wives, but he'd seen his grandfather's harem. Dozens of women who all looked like porn-stars and super-modles, and the others... The ones that the magic had broken. Women with breasts as big as their bodies constantly leaking milk, women jamming huge objects into their gaping vagina's as they tried to sate their endless lust, women turned into muelling animals in constant heat, with their juices leaking down their perfectly toned legs. 

"Incubus seamen is a class five magical substance for a reason." Levi said as he looked into her green eyes. " It was one of the first things dad told me when I hit puberty. I can't even throw it away. I've got to burn the tissue every time I jerk off." Levi said with a sickly smile.

Alice leaned back in the chair with wide-eyed wonder. She was silent for a long time before she finally turned back to where Levi continued to pace. "And you want me to...?"

"No, I don't WANT you to. The stuff is crazy dangerous, and addictive as hell. It's like crack times a hundred. It's almost impossible to know what will happen. I mean, I'm only like 1/16 incubus but that doesn't always mean much with demons. With Vamps and Loup and most other mixed-breeds you can tell how powerful they are by how diluted the bloodline is but demons and celestials are different. It's all up in the air until they start really using their power. But you're my friend. My best friend, hell, my only friend and you should have the choice if you want it." Levi said as he ran a hand through his short-brown hair. 

Levi started to pace again and silence fell in the small room. It wasn't much to look at. His father was loaded but he never gave Levi hand-outs and Levi always felt more comfortable in smaller spaces. A few video-game posters and some magical scribblings from the few projects he was working on hung on the walls, while his computer sat on a cheap desk along with his TV.

"I think... I think I want to." Alice said finally. "I mean, nothing crazy. I've heard the stories about what can happen to people who use a lot but maybe... maybe just a little. I mean, It would be nice to make it to a B cup. " She said a little shyly. 

Levi sighed and closed his eyes, as if he'd been expecting and fearing the answer. He turned to her slowly looking at her face. She looked afraid but determined. He stared at her for a few more seconds before shaking his head and shrugging. "Alright, wait here. I'll go take care of things and bring a little back for you. You have to actually eat it or it doesn't do anything." He reminded her as he headed for the door. 

"Wait what? You're going to go jerk off?" She asked incredulously. "The hell you are, get back over here." She said as she pulled her tee-shirt over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra and Levi's eyes snapped to her nipples. She really didn't have any boobs but the sight of the pink flesh made his cock stir.

"Aren't you into girls?" He asked prying his eyes away from her breasts and back to her eyes. He couldn't say he didn't want her. He'd wanted her forever but this... this just didn't feel right.

"You're doing me a favor, I can do you one. I see how you look at me, and you're my friend.I know how hard it is for you. Your part sex demon for christs sake, most guys would be banging a different girl every single day in your shoes but you hold yourself back because you don't want to hurt anyone. So take me. I've never been with a guy before, it might be kinda fun for once and... I think I'd want it to be you if anyone." She said, a faint blush coming to her cheeks.

Good Lord, first tears and now a blush. His whole worldview seemed to be crumbling. Then she was standing and pulling his shirt over his head. He didn't have the looks of his father or grand-father, they both looked like male models but Levi was more than a little under-weight. He was only an inch taller than Alice and her Green eyes stared into his as she ran her hands lightly over his chest. He couldn't stop himself. He'd wanted her for so long, but he pulled himself back. 

"It's more dangerous this way. I'll only give you a spoonful or so to try if I go jerk off but once we start making out you're probably going to lose yourself you my magic. It's dangerous if you drink down all my cum." He said as he held her back. He was part incubus and he could cum ALOT.

She ignored him like always and pulled their faces together as she kissed him. He felt his magic stir but he pressed it down. He didn't want her in some mindless frenzy. He wanted her here with him, physically and mentally. His kiss was clumsy, completely unpracticed but Alice knew what she was doing. He supposed lesbians probably kissed a lot more than most guy-girl couples. They always seemed so much more tender towards each other. It was a ridiculous thought to be going through his head but his mind was shooting off in odd directions as his hormones addled his brain.

Levi let her set the pace and guide the action and soon her tongue slipped into his mouth. He reached out and pulled her tighter against him. The movement brought their naked chests together and the feel of her small nipples rubbing against his chest turned his blood to fire. 

The darkness stirred inside him and suddenly he could feel her in a way he never had before. He could feel her emotions, her lust, her hesitance, her resolve. Looks like he was an incubus after all. It had required a partner to wake up his demon blood. 

Alice wasn't with him all the way. He could feel it in her. To her this was still more of a gift she was giving out of duty than something she wanted for herself. She wasn't really attracted to men in that way but he could feel the small spark of possessiveness deep inside her that wanted to be his first woman.His magic told him he could work with that. 

His movements became more sure as his incubus instincts woke up. He slid his hands up her body to play in her hair. He knew she liked that, he could feel it. The way it sent little sparks of static from her scalp down her spine and into her most secret places. Levi felt her nipples harden against his chest and he took control of the kiss, still toying with her short hair as he plundered her mouth with his tongue. She made a soft mewling sound and he felt her lust rise in her. Now she was with him. 

He pulled away from her mouth and bit her on the collarbone, in the spot she was secretly begging him to. He wasn't gentle, she didn't want him to be. She had a bit of the masochist in her and his bite made her moan. Her lust built and he could feel it flooding into him, feeding him, making him stronger. This was what it meant to be an incubus. 

His hands slid from her hair down her body and he cupped her tiny breasts in his palms before pinching both nipples and giving them a twist. For all her lack of breasts, her nipples were extremely sensitive, and she loved having them played with. She wanted him to suck on them, but he wouldn't yet. He didn't want her to cum now. He wanted to build her into a frenzy. Not with his magic, but with his own hands. 
