 Ellie's First Story: "A Rouge's Misstep"

Ellie had just finished checking her leather armor when a light noise stirred the otherwise still air sitting over the Tulcoria Valley. Her eyes glowed a pale green, she scanned the surrounding area, trying to pinpoint the menial disturbance. As the small night vision incantation wore off, her eyes took a few seconds to readjust to the exposure of night. She cleared her eyes and methodically doubled checked herself; left calf: long razor dagger - check, right and left hip sheathes: dual silvered butterfly knives - check, lower back: custom made short rapier - check, left wrist: two spring loaded knife blade charges - check, and finally throwing dart hair pin - check.

Ellie's leather armor was a light brown, paired with thigh length boots, flat and course at the bottom, but adding one inch to her diminutive five foot frame. The leather armor wrapped her body like a one piece bathing suit, form fitting her tight stomach, her toned ass and thighs, and pushing together her 28C breasts. She rearranged her bursting cleavage, wishing her armor wasn't quite this small. However, it would be foolish for one to pass up Flash Leather armor, when it was being sold at quarter price. After she fixed her breasts she pulled up her elbow length, matching gloves. She knew full well buying armor one size too small was worth the annoyances. Flash Leather armor bestowed her with enhanced mobility and the ability to teleport short distances five times per day. And even though Ellie was five foot, ninety five pounds, the extra, extra small Flash Leather armor gave her a deep vaginal dent, often exposing a perfectly defined pair of lips. She made it a point to stay shaven regularly, as the Flash Armor was not the most practical coverage an adventurer could wear.

Ellie's warm white skin, and long, straight, ponytailed blonde hair, matched with her squeezing light armor. This combination gave her the look of a model, rather than the look of her infamous monicker, "The Bone Picker". Ellie was known across the Tulcorian Province for her curious nature of luring adventurers to certain doom and picking the remains for valuables. Her regular happenings consisted of telling under experienced adventurers about massive treasures in dungeons, following them into the obviously superior dungeon, and when they had fallen to the boss (who would now be half-lifed) she would be able to easily one-v-one, take the dungeon's loot, and pick the rare items and gold from the dead adventurers she had fooled.

For the past month, she had been scouting a particularly well ado guild, The Gromur Clan. It was a clan feared across the Tulcorian Province. To become a member of the Gromur Clan, one must complete a near impossible task; successfully killing an elder troll, alone. And while the layman may not be able to sympathize with the difficulty of this task, any adept adventurer understood the effort needed in soloing a twelve foot, eight hundred pound humanoid, with a history of ripping things in half and eating them (not to mention their unmatched self-regenerating capabilities).

Ellie's first encounter with this group proved to be quite a misstep. She had made a guild deal with the Gromur Clan; they would help her clear a nearby, high level spider dungeon, and they would be compensated with a first pick on rare items and seventy percent of the gold found, she would take only one rare item and the remaining thirty percent. She and the Gromur Clan easily over powered this notorious dungeon, but when it had come time to battle the dungeon's boss, a Queen Leaping Spider, Ellie bailed on the party, hoping their tired status would result in a loss, and her massive gain. It was to her surprise, when she snuck back into the Queen's Lair, there was no sign of a Queen Leaping Spider, or the Gromur Clan. She knew they somehow killed the Queen while being underpowered without her.

Ellie stood atop a tall, deep sloping hill, looking down upon the main camp of the Gromur Clan. The camp was hidden in a thick of dense trees, but their camp fires gave away their clandestine position. She knew they had succeeded that dungeon, and she knew they obtained the crown rare item, a Queen Spider Pheromone Sac. In the hands of someone less experienced in the world of arcane magic, this item was unendingly useless, but to the trained hand and mind, it was worth upwards of ten thousand gold. Wizards, alchemists, and shamans alike lusted for this item. And with their lust, came the hefty price tag Ellie lusted for herself.

Ellie ran through the night, dodging trees, bushes, clumsy animal traps, and other cumbersome obstacles. She kept her eyes focused on the burning torches hiding in the forest, keeping care to move as quickly as possible while being as quiet as possible. At the precariously opened bamboo gate of the Gromur Clan's camp, she knelt down and willed herself invisible. It was only in the recent months she had gained enough experience to learn the art of invisibility cloaking. And while impressive, she was still an amateur, for any attack or excessively difficult task would break her concentration, and her invisibility would be dropped.

She backed up a few steps, climbed a heavily limbed tree, walked across a thick branch, and sat like an owl, watching, waiting, for the perfect moment to strike. From her advantageous position, she could make out every detail of the crude outpost. There were three buildings, two for sleeping and one for storage. The buildings were surrounded by an eight foot bamboo fence, complimented with sharpened stakes facing outwards, easily warding off potential predators. The buildings were scattered, one to each corner, and the fourth corner, the one closest to her, was a messy stack of broken bricks, cinder blocks, and cracked cement. In the center of this outpost was a group of four fallen trees, with a central bonfire blazing, making a neat box, and cooking station for the Gromur Clan.

Ellie could see most of the members of the Gromur Clan. First was an odd pair of twins. Two white men with bald heads, scowls, hulking muscles, and boxy lantern jaws. They sat with muttons, chomping through them like they were mere appetizers. They seemed to not notice the weight of the great swords slung across their backs. There, next to them was the clan's shaman. An older black man, with a heavy protruding gut, an aboriginal bone necklace, and only a tattered loin cloth to exemplify any semblance of modern decency. He was balding, with a large patch missing from the crown of his head, but sported a sheep like salt and pepper fluff around the sides of his head. He sat staring into the fire not moving, with the often exception of scratching his un-shoed feet. And there pompously regaling was the leader of the Gromur Clan, Fergo. A tall black man, sculpted from the finest hands of creation. His body was a wonder of the world unto itself. His abs boomed from his stomach, appearing to be natural full plate armor capable of deflecting any physical attack foolish enough to think itself mighty. His biceps, triceps, lats, back, and chest showed no sign of sag or fat. Every inch of him was chiseled from a perfect combination of endurance muscle and power muscle. His height was of great note, almost seven foot tall, with almost impossibly large hands, large feet, and amazing, lengthy yet strong legs. His face was decorated with scars from countless battles he had won, and his posture was that of an undefeated champion in his prime. His inaudible tale was complete with fist swinging, leg kicking, and great axe swinging. The only member whom Ellie could not see was the rogue she remembered. (Normally with quick guild agreements, the maker of the agreement only converses with the leader of the guild. This common practice resulted in Ellie forgetting all of their names, except Fergo.)

Ellie knew his ramblings were just the distraction she needed to get into their supply shed, find the case holding the Queen Spider Pheromone gland, and get out fast. The boys were generous with their portions of ale and meat, she knew this would play into her favor in a worst case scenario. And with that, she leapt from the tree branch, just clearing the jagged fence top, and landed quietly near the pile of broken blocks. Her feet hit the ground quietly, the wind at the moment was more noisy than she. She dashed across the small enclosure, passed the twins, passed the shaman, and passed Fergo. She stopped at the supply shed. Ellie saw the door faced the men and they would obviously see the door open. Luckily for her, she found a crude window on the back end of the supply shed. She hoisted herself up, and crawled along a few stacked boxes and barrels until she was on the ground. She looked about the small, cluttered room. None of the boxes seemed special, and in this way Ellie found their brick headed tendencies to be quite genius. She knew there was no way she could open every box without being heard. She needed to concentrate on her quiet movement. And under the obvious assumption she was unable to be seen, Ellie dropped her invisibility to give her mind the focus it needed.

"Gotcha", Ellie heard as a hand grabbed her by the back of the head and smashed her face into a nearby tall stack of wooden crates. She felt her head bounce, she turned, pulling the short rapier from her back and stabbing straight.

There he is...

She was eye to eye with the missing member of the Gromur Clan. Ellie remembered this rogue was particularly skilled with nunchucks, an odd but effect choice for a rogue. He leaned back. Ellie's short arms failed to reach his neck. He swung the nunchuck from under her vision and cracked her elbow. She dropped the short sword, and before it could hit the ground, the phantom rogue leapt over Ellie's head, landed gracefully behind her, and dropped a forceful kick into her lower back. She flew through the flimsy door of the supply shed, and tumbled through the dirt and splintered scraps. This ungraceful entrance pulled the attention from Fergo, and sent his men into action.

Before the twins could stand, Ellie had fired one spring loaded knife from her wrist, flying into the chest of a nameless twin. He fell off his crude chair and lay on the ground screaming. The phantom rogue was on her again, this time bringing both of his nunchucks down at the back of her head while she scramble on the ground. She avoided the steel batons, smashing and pinging as they hit the dirt, Ellie withdrew the long razor knife from her calf's sheath and cut the exposed Achilles tendons of her attacker. The nunchucks never left the ground, for he quickly fell to his knees, immobilized. Ellie saw the shaman stand, raising his hands to cast an incantation. Before she had time to intervene, the unharmed twin lunged his great sword at her.

Ellie's enhanced mobility proved to be priceless, as she jumped back, allowed her attacker to pass her, and as he did, she threw the razor dagger into the back of his head. He fell to the ground in a lump while his twin was coughing up copious amounts of blood.

She removed her dual silvered butterfly blades from their sheaths and slit the throat of the nearby crippled rogue. Fergo ran at her, axe readied over his shoulder, and while he aimed to swing down on her, he changed up his motion to throw a forceful front kick. He smashed Ellie in the gut, she hit the ground hard, loosing her knives in the process. As Fergo's axe came down at her face, she used one charge from her Flash Armor. She picked up a butterfly blade. Second flash, and had the other. Fergo swung around his body, bringing the axe with it. Ellie flashed passed his axe, behind Fergo and shoved the blades downward into his back. He dropped to the ground as quickly as his axe.

The shaman, all while being unexciting, had built himself an electrical barrier which surrounded him. He pushed his hand outward, a bolt fired at Ellie. Fourth flash, the bolt hit the bamboo wall and set it on fire. She ran to the shaman, fifth flash. Ellie put herself inside the dome with the shaman. She backhand swung with her right hand butterfly knife across his face, and brought her left hand up to his chest. The shaman, sure to be dead burst into a chilly cloud like air, and mingled out of the lightening dome. Ellie was now trapped, and with pleasure the shaman brought the full paralyzing force of the lightening down on her head.

Ellie awoke several hours later, dazed, blinking, the sun blinding her efforts to adjust quickly. She was tied at the wrist and the ankles, a gag in her mouth. She saw all of the members of the Gromur Clan, standing, talking, she couldn't make any of it out. As she stirred awake, the shaman noticed her and brought the others to her attention.

"Well, well, well, Ellie, this is a fun way to see you again." Fergo was in her face. He pulled the tight cloth gag out of her mouth.

"...How...how did you get back here so fast? You're supposed to respawn to the nearest safe zone, the closest is days from here..."

"That's why we've got this beautiful man right here."

Fergo grabbed the shaman by the shoulders and shook him.

"This man right here, he's everything to us. Do you know why? I'm not sure if you have run into enough shamans, so few people practice it these days. If they study enough, they can actually grant a temporary spawn point for others. We keep that pile of rocks over there smashed up so no one sees it. But if any of us die, we just put them in the right order, and poof, they're back. Isn't that nice?"

Ellie glanced over and saw the pile of stones now formed a clean square, and though she couldn't see the top, she could see a strange green light emanating from the top.

"So now what are we gonna do with you? You really fucked us good, didn't you? First you bail on us in that dungeon, and now we find you trying to steal from us. You're trying to kill us, man you are one ballsy lady, aren't you? So let's see what are we going to do to you..."

"Just kill me, let's get it over with. You win alright?"

"Hahaha, no no no. No we aren't going to kill you. That's not interesting enough. I could defeat you a hundred times in battle, but you would still get up. We need to really defeat you. Hmmm, how should we do that?"

A nameless twin walked up to his side and whispered something in Fergo's ear.

"I like it. Get started, I'll watch first."

And with that, Fergo sat down on the fallen tree bench, and took off his armor. The shaman joined him and the brothers picked up Ellie, carried her to a nearby wooden crate and laid her on top. The rogue stood, leaning against a tree watching. She knew what was coming, and could feel the men around her becoming aroused. 

The twins pulled apart Ellie's armor and cut the ropes from her ankles and wrists. She kicked one twin and tried to run. Before she could fully lift herself off the crate, the second twin grabbed her ponytail and slammed her head down. Her eyes watered, she grabbed the back of her head. This moment of weakness was more than enough for the first twin to stand, pull apart Ellie's legs and start preparing his cock. Before her mind could fully clear she realized the other twin was already pushing his cock into her mouth. She could smell his musky manhood as her head was held hanging off the crate to make all the better of a throat fucking angle. He was as rough as he could be, while being cautious enough to avoid her teeth. He methodically pushed his cock head straight down her fragile windpipe. And as Ellie's reflexes attempted to push out the foreign dick, the twanging of her throat caused a premature ejaculation. The twin pushed his cock down her throat to ensure every drop made it to her stomach. Ellie closed her eyes while she tasted every salty gulp of her assailant's seed. His balls fell across her close eyes as he pumped to ensure not a drop was wasted.

His brother was stroking his seven inch cock, spitting in his hand, and jamming his fingers into Ellie's tight pussy. It was common for rouge women to be more slutty than other female adventurers, due to their nature to travel to so many lands and using seduction as a calling card. Ellie however, at 26, was so consumed with her dungeoning work, she had only been with four men prior.

As she finished her protein shot, she felt her second attacker pushing himself inside her. Her clean shaven, petite pussy, gave her an innocent look, which made it all the more enjoyable for the twin; just to destroy something beautiful. His spit proved to be adequate lubricant as he felt little resistance while initially entering Ellie's little cunt. He did however, find it a difficult task to continue pushing inward, as it was obvious to him, his cock was in fact the largest she had ever experienced. Ellie's pussy tightened in fear, and the twin took the challenge. He gripped her thighs, put her ankles next to his ears and pushed with all of his might.

Ellie screamed as her cunt was filled beyond anything she had ever felt. More so the scream came from the abrupt motions the twin was using; pushing in balls deep, and quickly withdrawing his cock fully, only to stuff it back in balls deep again. This extreme change of full-empty, full-empty, full-empty, drove Ellie crazy. And as much as her throat and pussy ached, her cunt became more well lubricated, not by the twin, but by her own betraying emotions.

Ellie was pushing against the twin's pelvis, attempting to slow him down. His brother lifted himself up, and sat down on Ellie's face. Her widen mouth, gasping for air, was filled with a dangling pair of hairy testicles. Her gasping for air caused her tongue to dance wildly, trying to move the heavy ball sack out of the way of her strained windpipe. Ellie was resolved to take gasping breaths through her nose as her pussy was being pounded, and she suckled on a pair of thick balls.

The twin in her mouth began jerking off, reawakening his cock for another fresh round. She could hear Fergo and the shaman laughing and cheering as their comrades gang fucked this helpless tiny woman.

"Alright, move over I'm getting in there."

Ellie heard the rogue walking towards her, she heard the jingling and jangling of his armor, and listened in horror as his clothes hit the ground. The twin fucking her exhausted cunt tried lifting her up, pushing her face deep between the legs of his brother. His brother lifted himself out of Ellie's mouth, she sucked in huge gasps of clean air, knowing full well this may be the last clean air she would have access to for a while. The twin remained in her pussy, lifted her against his chest, laid himself down on the crate, and held her hips to make sure she couldn't wiggle away. With Ellie now on top, his brother walked around the box, seeing an opportunity to redeem his short lived first load, and began licking Ellie's rarely explored asshole. She shuddered as his tongue pushed into her hole and flicked wildly against the inner walls of her anus. The twin didn't wait long to attempt pushing his hard cock into her near virgin rectum.

His cock was finding the task to be near impossible until he pushed forward as hard as he could, Ellie was jolted forward, and she felt a pop, as the head of his cock just made it into her ass. She screamed as if she had been shot with an arrow. The pain she felt was almost as bad. She had only once allowed a man into her anus, and after a similarly bad reaction, she vowed herself anally celibate. 

Her gaping scream was all the room the rogue needed to push his shorter, but much thicker penis into her mouth. Ellie was overwhelmed with the sheer demand of sensory overload. She felt like she was on the edge of orgasm from this filling cock in her pussy, the gagging choke of the cock in her mouth, and the pain running around her lower back from her cock in her anus. The men pumped as varying rhythms, never giving her a moment's peace in any hole. As the cock she was sitting on slinked out of her cunt, the cock in her mouth was pushing deeper, and the cock in her asshole was moving in and out fast. As the cock in her pussy pushed back in, the cock in her ass was still, attempting to push deeper than the last push, and the cock in her mouth was pulled out, only leaving the head pressed against the flat of her tongue.
