 Author's Note: The second installment of The Adventures of Bard, the Wandering Thief is in! Thank you for the support and comments on chapter 1. I look forward to writing more chapters, so stay tuned for more busty adventures with the thief!



"Darkwood Road it is then," the thief mocked, recalling his words from three days ago. Bard did not care for the forest road or the tall trees that surrounded him. Many common folk had the misconception that Darkwood Forest had trees with bark and leaves as black as ink. In reality the forest looked like any other except that it was incredibly dense. Very little sunlight made it through the forest canopy, which gave the lower levels of the forest a look of perpetual darkness. Within the first day in, Bard discovered that travelling by night was impossible. He could barely see the stars or the moon through the thick tree cover during the night.

The thief had spent his first night sleeping uncomfortably against the side of a tree, dreaming of a particular busty redhead and a night of unconcluded illicit pleasures. The other nights proved even more restless. By the third day the thief was in a sour mood and longed to be out of the woods for good. He wanted to sleep in a warm bed and have a hot meal. A person could only eat trail rations for so long before becoming utterly sick of them. His cock was also aching for a pussy to fuck but he knew he wouldn't find one out here in the wilderness. 

Despite his gloomy thoughts, Bard knew that he shouldn't complain. The bag of stolen coins and goods he carried promised that he would live lavishly once he found another town. He would buy all the things he longed for and more: a nice room at an inn, delicious food, great ale, fine clothes and women – lots of women. The thief fantasized about visiting a brothel and unloading his cum in every mouth, pussy and ass that money could buy. He just had to put enough distance between himself and Riverwood and all these things would become true.

"Soon!" he exclaimed as he tossed the bag of loot in the air. He caught it and smiled when he heard the coins jingle inside. Who said that money couldn't buy happiness?

The thief continued on the road in silence for a while. He found it unsettling that the woods were eerily quiet and devoid of any signs of life. He could not recall hearing the sound of a bird calling or squirrels chattering. Bard wondered if the forest was home to goblins and orcs, and whether they had eaten all the indigenous wild life. What was stranger yet was that Bard had not come across any other travelers. He did not expect to see many travelers, but to see none at all in three days seemed odd to the thief.

The thief shook his head and tried to think happier thoughts.

"It would be better if this place was home to some beautiful wood elves instead," he said aloud, though there was no one around to hear.

Bard had never fucked an elf before, but it was certainly on his to do list. Just like humans, elves and half-elves could be found anywhere in the Kingdom. Though they looked similar in appearance to humans, there was something exotic about elves. Definitely the ears, the thief mused as he kicked a small rock on the road and sent it flying. He revised his earlier plan – he would find an elf to fuck in the next town. The thought of burying his cock in between an elf's tits brought a wicked smile to his lips. 

Bard's expression grew solemn when he looked up and saw that he had perhaps a few hours of sunlight left. It was difficult to gauge time from the gloom of the forest floor. There was nothing for it but to keep going forward until the light ended. The thief let out a long sigh and marched on.

* * *

A few more dreary hours passed by until the thief came across a small wooden bridge. The thief had passed by a handful of small streams and brooks on his journey so far, and figured that this would be as good a place as any to sleep for the night. He stepped off the road and crunched about on the forest floor, feeling his way from tree to tree while keeping the stream to his left for bearing. Bard was not foolish enough to sleep out in the open and in sight of the road and possible danger, so he searched for a suitable spot a bit away from the road.

The thief paused when he actually saw something in the darkness. Light. He cautiously moved towards it until he reached an open area. He looked up and saw the clear night sky, unobstructed by trees. The moon was full and the stars bright. Bard realized that he was standing in the middle of a small grove. He took in his surroundings, well illuminated by both the moon and starlight. He noticed that the stream opened up into a small pond in the center of the grove. The thief moved towards the pond and put his hands into the water, surprised to find it warm to the touch. 

Even though it was dark outside, with the help of the moonlight Bard could clearly see the bottom of the shallow pond. He put his arm in deeper and found the bottom smooth and without vegetation. It almost felt like sand on the beach.

Bard sniffed his sweat stained clothing and grimaced. "Why not?" he thought as he dropped his bag and stripped out of his clothing. After all, he was on the road for three days now and had escaped Riverwood through the sewers. He must have looked and smelled like shit; he deserved a nice and relaxing bath.

The thief eased himself into the warm water and let out sigh of relief. He washed his body first, making sure to scrub all the grime and dirt of the road off his body. Once his body was clean, he dunked his head under the water and cleaned his hair. The thief let out a bark of a laughter when he surfaced. The water felt amazingly good on his skin. He glanced at his nearby clothing and decided that he would clean them as well. Carefully removing his concealed daggers, the thief spent a good while scrubbing his well-worn travel clothing.

"New clothes for sure," he muttered to himself as he felt a hole in his shirt. Once the thief was done washing his garments, he left them drying on a nearby tree branch. He considered going to sleep in the buff since the night was so warm, but the pond was inviting him back. Okay, a few more minutes in the water he decided as he sank back into the pond up to his torso.

More than a few minutes passed as Bard sat in the warm and refreshing water. He was beginning to doze off until the snap of a twig stirred him awake. The thief looked around, trying to find the source of the disturbance. He saw nothing but trees and a single moving tree – a single moving tree! He looked in horror as a lone tree stepped out of the forest and into the grove. His body refused to move as he stared transfixed on the sight before him.

The tree was humanoid in shape and size. It looked distinctly like a woman with shapely curves and features. The thing had leaves of various shapes, sizes and colours on its head that reached past its shoulders. A low creaking sound came out of the tree-creature as it stopped and looked down at him with green glowing eyes. Bard's breathing became shallow. He had to admit that the thing was both alluring and terrifying at the same time. The thief felt an almost unnatural compulsion towards it. He then noticed that the creature had long wooden claws for fingers and a mouth that looked like jagged and splintered wood for teeth. Yes, he was either going to die to some mythical tree-woman-monster or was about to have the kinkiest sex of his life.

"What are you?" he finally dared to ask.

The tree-monster released a long drawn out creak as it began to change before his eyes. Slowly the creature's bark became smooth skin and its leaves turned to long flowing hair until the tree-woman was no more. In its place stood a beautiful and naked wood elf, glistening with light sweat under the moon and starlight.

The thief was in complete awe. She was simply the most stunning woman he had ever seen. Bard had seen countless beautiful women in his travels, but they all seemed to fail in comparison to the majesty that stood before him now. The wood elf was completely flawless – she had a perfect hourglass figure with fair skin and big tits that could only be described as divine. They were full, high, round, and looked firm. She had rosy areolas and nipples that stood erect in the twilight. The busty wood elf had long brown flowing locks of hair with streaks of blonde in it. He noticed long and pointed ears peeking through her hair. Bard's eyes met hers, which were emerald green but no longer glowing. They were completely mesmerizing. 

"You're a wood elf?" the thief asked in disbelief. He had no idea that wood elves could shapeshift into tree-women. 

The wood elf giggled at his words. "I join you?" she asked, ignoring his question. Her voice was completely intoxicating. He felt himself go hard under the water as she descended into the pond, not waiting for a response. The busty wood elf sank into the pool until only her green eyes remained above the surface. Bard could have sworn that the pond was not that shallow. She stared at him for what seemed like an eternity with her mouth and nose under the water. The thief felt like he was the one holding his breath, rather than her. 

The gorgeous wood elf finally moved, her body gliding under the water until she finally surfaced right in front of the thief. He felt her sit in his lap under the water as she wrapped her legs around him. He sucked in a breath as his rock hard dick pressed against her body. The wood elf draped her arms around Bard's neck and pulled his head closer to hers until their noses were almost touching. Her firm yet soft breasts crushed into his bare chest. He could feel her breathe hot on his face, which smelled like wild forest flowers. 

She wore a curious expression as she looked at his face. Bard felt one of her hands slip off his neck and touch his face. She traced his jawline slowly and put her palm against the scruff on his face. Her hand rubbed up and down the side of his face repeatedly, as if feeling facial hair for the first time. 

"Yeah, I know," he chuckled uncertainly as she continued to feel his face. "I must look a bit like a wild animal by now." The thief hadn't groomed his face for a good two weeks now. Another thing to add to the list, he thought.

"Wild, like a wolf," she cooed affectionately. People had described him as having wolfish features so he wasn't surprised when she called him one. The busty wood elf put her hand through his short hair and stroked it gently "My wolf tonight!" she said suddenly and fiercely as she pulled his hair roughly. The wood elf's expression was both savage and curious as he winced in pain. She stared at him with dominating feral eyes before her expression softened again. A luscious smile formed on her lips. 

"Hush now," she comforted him with a delicate whisper as she pulled her body slightly away from his. She slid her other arm off his shoulder. Her free hand found his lean chest and began to explore his body hair. A look of intrigue and pure wonder was on her face as her hand roamed across his chest. Now that he thought about it, Bard couldn't remember seeing a male elf with facial or body hair. He wondered if female elves found facial and body hair on humans intriguing and exotic.

Two could play at this game, he thought as he pulled a wet hand out of the water and touched her face. She stilled at his touch, waiting for his next move. The thief put his hand through her soft hair until he felt her ear. He traced it with a finger before reaching the pointed tip. He squeezed it lightly. Elf ears! A stupid but happy grin spread across his face. 

"You like?" she asked coyly as she tilted her head to the side so that he could get a better look at her elf ears. 

"Yes," he breathed. "But I like these more," he said more forcefully as he pulled his free hand from the water and grabbed a perfect tit. He squeezed it gently and the wood elf gasped in response. The thief released her ear to grasp her other breast. He could have sworn that her eyes lit up with excitement. A feeling of pure bliss overcame him. Everything was right in the world – he had his hands on the most perfect pair of tits imaginable. 

"Yes, feel now," the wood elf whimpered as he kneaded her breasts. Her roaming hand departed from his chest and plunged under the water with a splash. He felt her hand close around his throbbing cock.

He massaged her large breasts in a circular motion, feeling her hard nipples beneath his palms. The thief redirected his attention to her nipples by rolling them between his fingers.

"Yes, do this thing!" the busty goddess sighed with pleasure as she jutted her breasts out for him to play with. Bard obliged her and pulled her nipples, lightly at first and then gradually harder. The wood elf let out a long and drawn out moan. 

Her hand was busy at work below the water, creating ripples in the pond as she stroked his shaft up and down. "You like this?" she asked as she caressed the tip of his cock with gentle fingers. 

He opened his mouth to reply but her lips came crashing down onto his. The busty wood elf kissed him hungrily. Bard pressed his lips against hers and invaded her mouth with his tongue. Her tongue found his and they wrestled in a contest of passion until they were both gasping for breath. He released her tits and grabbed her ass cheeks under the water. She moaned into his mouth in response and lifted her body slightly, guiding his cock under the water towards her cunt. Once aligned, she thrust herself down on his dick and screamed in delight.

Bard groaned as he penetrated the wood elf's tight pussy. She wrapped her arms around his neck again and pulled him closer to her face. Her breathe was hot and ragged against his as she began to ride him. The water splashed noisily around the two as the elf goddess bounced happily upon his shaft. He leaned in to kiss her again but she pulled her face back and smiled mischievously at him. Instead, she stared at him with those fierce emerald eyes of hers. He felt as though she was looking right through him.

The thief thrust his cock up into the tight wood elf's cunt each time she came down on him. Her moans were becoming increasingly louder

"Yes! Enjoy me!" she cried out gleefully as Bard leaned down to suck on one of her nipples. He bit it gently and she gasped. The thief clamped his mouth down on her nipple and sucked hungrily, like a newborn babe. He could taste the sweet sweat on her body as she rid him like a wild animal. Much to her enjoyment, the thief paid her other breast the same attention .The busty wood elf pouted when he finally stopped sucking on her tits.

She leaned forward suddenly, her forehead pressing against his. Her eyes searched his. "You want different? All of me is yours," she cooed naughtily as she bounced up and down on his lap. 

"All of you?" a wicked grin spread across Bard's face as his hand explored her ass under the water until it reached its target. He gently pressed a finger against her asshole and watched her expression change from curious to impish. 

"Yes!" she exclaimed enthusiastically as he pushed a finger into her tight rectum. "Like special place!"

This is so fucking hot, the thief thought to himself. His finger thrust into her ass, in harmony with his cock. The wood elf bit her lip as he pushed a second finger into her butt. There was no discomfort on her face as he finger fucked her ass. The horny wood elf rocked against his body and moaned loudly as he dug his fingers deeper into her anal cavity. 

His body was beginning to feel wrinkly from being in the water for so long. "Let's get out of the water for this," he said as he patted her ass cheeks. 

The wood elf stopped bucking against his hips. "Mmm. On soft grass, yes," she pulled herself off his cock and stood up. Her cunt and thighs were dripping with water. She giggled playfully as she skipped out of the water, splashing about. The thief shook his head in amusement as he followed her out of the pond.

Bard grabbed his still drying shirt and laid it out on the grass. He watched the busty wood elf slink down to the forest floor on all fours, her knees resting on top of his clothing. Her fingers dug into the grass and earth beneath her. She wiggled her ass back and forth, as she turned her head and looked up at him expectantly. 

"Wait," he told her as he walked around to face her with his cock. She looked up at it in admiration and bumped it affectionately with her nose. She laughed and Bard grinned. The body of a goddess but the mind of a child, he mused. 

The busty wood elf's expression became hungry as she opened her mouth and took in his still dripping dick. He felt his cock sliding slowly into her mouth along her tongue. The thief used both of his hands to hold her hair as he started to thrust his cock into her mouth. He was surprised that the elf didn't make any gagging sounds as his cock went down her throat again and again. She slurped his cock happily and without complaint. Gods, her mouth felt amazing! But the real prize was elsewhere.

Once he felt his cock was properly lubricated with her saliva, he let go of her hair. The wood elf reluctantly opened her mouth and released his cock. She spat on his cock for good measure and looked up at him with the most wanton look he had ever seen.

"Come to special place, my wolf," she cooed at him. 

Bard knelt down behind the busty elf and readied his cock. He pressed his pole against her anus and stopped. The thief looked around wildly, but found no fat husband to stop his fun this time. He groaned triumphantly as he slowly penetrated her tight ass. With an audible pop, his head pushed into her butt. Her felt her ass muscles contracting around his cock and her body spasm in orgasm. She let out a long and low drawn out moan as he started inching his cock slowly.

Bard paused when half his cock was inside of her ass. He waited for her to adjust and get used to the length, but was surprised to find her pushing her perfect butt back at him. Bard grabbed her hips and pulled her ass towards him.

"Yes!" she cried out in joy with each inch in. "All in!" she screamed in pure carnal pleasure once his entire cock was up her butt. 

It was an incredibly tight fit. Bard didn't know how long he would last in that miraculous ass. He started to thrust into her ass, slowly at first. She arched her back at him, and he could see light sweat covering her back under the moon and starlight. She was beginning to let out low and guttural groans as he fucked her ass raw. The thief pumped into her ass repeatedly, each time harder than the last. He absolutely loved how this freaky elf slut was getting off with just a cock in her ass. She didn't even finger her pussy or play with her breasts as he slammed into her ass over and over again.

Bard wanted the elf goddess to cum again, so he leaned down and grabbed her by the shoulders. He pulled her body up against his and grabbed her big tits from behind. She moaned loudly at the sudden change in positions and stretched her arms back to intertwine her hands in his hair. He cupped her large breasts as they bounced up and down. His fingers found her nipples and he pinched and twisted them. She hissed in pleasure at his touch. They were both breathing raggedly, bodies glistening in sweat from the steamy sex. He was ready to bust his load deep in her ass.

"Please, my wolf!" she begged him. "Be one with me!" she screamed in ecstasy as a second orgasm shook her body.

Bard felt his orgasm coming, so he pumped his cock as furiously into her butt ass as he could. Finally, he let out a loud groan as he cummed deep inside of the wood elf's ass. Bard immediately felt all the energy drain from his body. The thief leaned down on the busty wood elf, almost collapsing on top of her. He braced his hands against the soft grass and panted for breath above her now slumped form. She was also gasping for breath on the cool grass beneath them.
