 "Just who is this Futa-Girl???"

Jacqueline Rothstein, mayor of Gammaville, stood at the end of a conference table, visibly irate. Her advisors looked on as the young politician launched into a tirade, going off on Gammaville's newest superhero.

"This Futa-Girl is a menace!" Jacqueline screamed in a rage. "She claims to be a great superhero, but she just let Dr. Heinous get away last week!"

Jacqueline's advisors remained silent, the fear evident in their eyes. There was a reason Jacqueline had been elected Mayor of Gammaville at only twenty-seven years of age, and it wasn't her good looks, although that wild shock of brown hair, her shapely legs, killer thighs, and impressive D-cup breasts certainly didn't hurt. No, Jacqueline Rothstein was truly a ruthless politician, dedicated to her craft, confident that one day she would become President of the United States, and with a cutthroat attitude like what Ms. Rothstein was displaying at that very moment, it certainly wouldn't surprise anyone.

"Not only is she a lousy 'hero,' but just...just look at her! She's...so lewd! If Futa-Girl thinks she's being some sort of role model for the young women of this city, parading out with that...that penis flopping about, engaging in high-profile public sex with criminals, including super-criminals, she's DEAD wrong!"

Turning her back on her still-silent advisors, Jacqueline faced the wall, putting her hands behind her back.

"I must find out who this Futa-Girl is...what is her secret identity?"

"S-she could be a millionaire with too much time on her hands," one of Jacqueline's advisors stammered.

"Are you kidding me?!?" Jacqeline guffawed. "That's stupid!"

****************************

"It's a good thing you're a millionaire, Hillary," Sue Christensen said to her friend, famed young archaeologist Hillary Trenton, as the two sat by the fenced-in swimming pool on Hillary's multi-acre estate on the edge of Gammaville, taking in some sun as they relaxed from a long week. "And I have to say, that swimsuit looks great on you."

Hillary's bathing suit sure did look good, a simple, pale yellow two-piece bikini, but that wasn't where it's main attraction came from. Idly hanging out of the bottom was Hillary's massive, currently flaccid cock, the cock that gave her the superpowers needed to fight crime as the masked heroine, Futa-Girl.

"Why do you say it's a good thing I'm a millionaire?" Hillary replied.

"Well, if you weren't fabulously wealthy, you wouldn't have the resources to be Futa-Girl as often as you do," Sue said.

"True. You know, Sue, there is a problem with that, though."

"Oh? What is it?"

"I haven't been Futa-Girl since yesterday," Hillary replied, getting up from her chair. "Gammaville needs me."

One quick journey to the secret lair and change of clothes later, Hillary was soaring above her city, no longer a mild-mannered millionaire playgirl, but the hung heroine Futa-Girl.

The city seems pretty quiet today, Futa-Girl thought, surveying Gammaville as she flew over it. Wait a second...what's going on there?

Futa-Girl spotted a large crowd gathered outside a bank. Curious, our heroine swooped down to see what was happening.

"You there, citizen," Futa-Girl said, landing next to a woman standing on the edge of the crowd, doing her best to sound like a true, authoritative superhero, "what's going on here?"

The woman didn't respond, only staring blankly off into the distance through glazed eyes.

"Hello?" Futa-Girl waved her hand in front of the woman's face, to no response.

Weird, Futa-Girl thought. I'll ask this woman instead.

Futa-Girl repeated her question to another woman, but was met with an identical response. After moving throughout the crowd, Futa-Girl found that everybody seemed to be totally spaced out.

What's going on? Futa-Girl wondered as she made her way into the empty bank. Looking around, Futa-Girl didn't see a single soul, until she accidentally bumped into a masked woman. Two large bags with dollar signs on them fell from the woman's hands.

"You oaf! Look at what you-" the woman started, stopping when she saw just who she was talking to. "Futa-Girl!" she exclaimed, jumping back.

"Do I know you?" Futa-Girl replied, sizing up this strange woman. Wearing a purple, masked cowl that concealed her identity (and her hair), the woman stood at about the same height as Futa-Girl, with green eyes and puffy lips. She was wearing a purple-and-black singlet that hugged her curves, showing off her large tits and slim figure, leaving her arms and legs exposed. She wore short cuffed gloves and ankle-length cuffed boots, matching the rest of her costume's color scheme. Around this woman's waist was a belt, to which a strange-looking gun was attached. On the forehead of this woman's cowl, as well as emblazoned on her chest, was an image of a white-and-black circular hypnotic disc.

"You should know me, and you should fear me!" the woman cackled, drawing the strange gun from her belt. Now that Futa-Girl could get a better look at it, the gun appeared to be some kind of ray gun, purple, green and black, with what looked like a radar dish instead of a barrel. "I am Lady Hypnotica, and today, Futa-Girl, you fall under my gaze!"

The woman pulled the trigger on her strange weapon, purple rings emanating from it, enveloping Futa-Girl. Futa-Girl struggled against it, but to no avail.

"W-what are you doing to me?" Futa-Girl gasped, her head suddenly feeling like it weighed a thousand pounds. The woman let go of the trigger and the gun's activity ceased, leaving Futa-Girl frozen in place. W-why can't I move??? Futa-Girl thought, no longer able to speak.

"Thanks to my Hypno-Ray, Futa-Girl, you are now under my control!" Lady Hypnotica cackled. "You have no choice but to do my bidding! Under the effects of my Hypno-Ray, you cannot do anything, not even speak, without me telling you to!"

Futa-Girl could only stand there helpless as Hypnotica circled her, laughing menacingly. "Now..." Lady Hypnotica said, "let's just make sure my Hypno-Ray did its job. Futa-Girl, touch your nose."

Unconsciously, Futa-Girl reached up and touched a finger to her nose, just as Lady Hypnotica commanded.

"Now, Futa-Girl..." Lady Hypnotica said coldly, facing our heroine, "say that I am the greatest supervillain of all time."

No! Futa-Girl screamed inside her head. I won't say it!

"You are the greatest supervillain of all time, Lady Hypnotica," Futa-Girl said. No! I'm totally under her control now!

"Excellent," Lady Hypnotica mused, rubbing her hands together, catching a glance of Futa-Girl's erect penis. "Oh, Futa-Girl, I had almost forgotten about your...powers."

What will this fiend do next??? Futa-Girl thought, still unable to do anything unless Lady Hypnotica commanded it.

"That's an awfully big cock you have, Futa-Girl," Lady Hypnotica teased, running a finger up the length, causing the frozen Futa-Girl to quietly moan. "I bet you have to cum an awful lot. I can imagine it must get...uncomfortable if you don't cum for a while."

Kneeling down, Lady Hypnotica beheld Futa-Girl's cock. "I cannot lie, this is one magnificent specimen..." Lady Hypnotica teased, her hot breath on Futa-Girl's thick shaft. Looking up to Futa-Girl, Hypnotica issued another command. "Futa-Girl, first, stop touching your nose, and second, you will not cum until I say so. Reply with 'yes, mistress.'"

"Yes, mistress," Futa-Girl replied. No! Hypnotica, you dastardly bitch! I can't believe she is controlling me! I have to find a way to fight it!

"Now, Futa-Girl," Lady Hypnotica grinned, "start jerking off that fat cock of yours. Remember, you cannot cum until I say so!"

Powerless to stop her hands, Futa-Girl watched in horror as she began jerking off, both hands rubbing up and down her hard shaft. Futa-Girl moaned as her cock began to leak precum, which ran down the shaft, helping to lubricate her throbbing cock.

Oh god... Futa-Girl thought as she jacked off her massive cock, I shouldn't be liking this, being forced to jerk off in front of Hypnotica...but this feels so good!

"That's right, Futa-Girl, stroke that fat cock for me," Hypnotica purred, still on her knees, her face right up close to Futa-Girl's cock.

Oh god...I'm going to...I'm going to...

I'm going to...

Going to...

Futa-Girl's eyes went wide as she madly stroked her cock, the pressure built up to levels the heroine had never experienced before.

C-can't cum, Futa-Girl panicked. I can't cum!

"I can see the frustration building up in your eyes, Futa-Girl," Lady Hypnotica purred, watching deviously as Futa-Girl stroked her shaft harder and harder, unable to reach orgasm. "All right, Futa-Girl, that's enough. Stop masturbating."

Futa-Girl wordlessly obeyed Lady Hypnotica, immediately removing her hands from around her throbbing cock, so close to and yet so far from release. Fuck, Futa-Girl thought, her heart racing as Lady Hypnotica pondered her next move, I'm so fucking close to cumming. I have to break free from Lady Hypnotica's control!

"Mmm, I have the perfect idea," Lady Hypnotica purred, standing back up. Walking away from the helpless Futa-Girl, Lady Hypnotica picked up a chair and sat in it, legs splayed. Futa-Girl watched on as Lady Hypnotica moved her singlet to the side, exposing a dripping, clean-shaven pussy.

"Watching you stroke that magnificent cock of yours really turned me on," Lady Hypnotica said sultrily. "Futa-Girl, be a dear and eat me out. I want to see how good of a rug muncher you can be."

Futa-Girl was powerless to not obey Lady Hypnotica's command, the hung heroine robotically moving forward, walking to where Lady Hypnotica was seated.

I know I should be resisting this every chance I can, Futa-Girl thought, but damn, her pussy looks delicious! No! Focus, Futa-Girl, focus! You've got to break free!

Futa-Girl knelt down, her mouth inches away from Lady Hypnotica's damnp pussy, her hot breath exciting the horny supervillain.

"Let's see what you can do, Futa-Girl. Start eating me out and do not stop until I have cum three times," Lady Hypnotica commanded. Futa-Girl pressed her lips to Lady Hypnotica's slit and began licking at the wet folds.

"Ooh, that's it," Lady Hypnotica moaned. "It's been too long."

Futa-Girl continued eating Lady Hypnotica out, sucking on Lady Hypnotica's engorged clit, the supervillain moaning in pleasure.

"Ohhh, yesssss, I'm already about to cum," Lady Hypnotica groaned. "You're not too bad at this, Futa-Girl!"

Futa-Girl's tongue snaked into Lady Hypnotica's pussy, roaming around, Futa-Girl listening for Lady Hypnotica's moans, stopping when she had found the spot that the villain liked the most, focusing her cunnilingus on that one spot.

"Oh fuck!" Lady Hypnotica moaned, her hands gripping Futa-Girl's head as her most sensitive spot was expertly stimulated by the heroine's tongue. "I'm cumming!"

Futa-Girl moaned into Lady Hypnotica's pussy as it gushed sweet nectar all over her face, the heroine greedily swallowing all of the pussy juice she could. It's so delicious! Futa-Girl thought. And...it's turning me on even more!

Futa-Girl's cock began to leak precum once more, stimulated by the heavenly juices the heroine was sucking down.

Oh fuck, I just want to stroke it so bad, Futa-Girl thought, Lady Hypnotica thrashing above her as Futa-Girl continued to eat the villain out, orgasm #1 already over. I have to...fuck, I'm ready to burst...I have to jerk off, and soon...

Futa-Girl concentrated all of her willpower on moving a hand to her cock, making sure not to neglect Lady Hypnotica's pussy, lest the villain realize what Futa-Girl was trying to do. To Futa-Girl's surprise, her arm began to move, slowly but surely heading towards her penis.

Yes! I'm overcoming the effects of Lady Hypnotica's Hypno-Ray! Futa-Girl thought triumphantly. Now, just a little more, and...

"I'm cumming again! Oh fuck!" Lady Hypnotica screamed, her pussy once again gushing juices, Futa-Girl not missing a drop. Futa-Girl's hand began to move more freely, her fingers wrapping around her rock-hard, throbbing shaft.

I did it! Futa-Girl though, moaning into Lady Hypnotica's pussy as she began to stroke her cock. Oh fuck, I'm getting more and more turned on!

"Yessss, keep eating me out, you superslut!" Lady Hypnotica moaned, her eyes fixed on the ceiling as Futa-Girl's tongue gave the villain pleasure she had not experienced in a very long time. "I am in control of you, and I will make you my sex slave! You will never cum as long as you are under my control!"

This woman is insane! Unfortunately for her, the more her pussy juices turn me on, the more I break from her control! Just a little more...just a little more...

"You will be my little whore, to be used as I see fit!" Lady Hypnotica gloated, her pussy juices coating Futa-Girl's face. "Nothing can stop me!!!"

Suddenly, Futa-Girl stopped eating Lady Hypnotica out.

"Oh, really?"

Her eyes coming down, Lady Hypnotica came face-to-face with Futa-Girl, the villain's eyes growing wide as she realized what was happening.

"Looks like I've broken your little spell, Hypnotica," Futa-Girl grinned, gripping her fat cock as she towered above the speechless supervillain.

"But...I...you...Hypno-Ray..." Lady Hypnotica stammered.

"Hypno-Rays are no match for the power of horniness," Futa-Girl smiled. "The more turned on I became, the more I slipped away from your control."

Lady Hypnotica began to reach for her Hypno-Ray, but Futa-Girl snatched it out of the villain's hands before she got a chance to use it. Placing the Hypno-Ray on the floor and sliding it away from her, Futa-Girl grabbed Lady Hypnotica's legs.

"You know, Hypnotica, you never did cum that third time," Futa-Girl grinned, lining up the head of her swollen cock with Lady Hypnotica's weeping pussy.

"N-no way! Y-you'll break me in half!" Lady Hypnotica begged. "I-I've never taken a cock that big before! I...I had control!"

"And now I have control, Lady Hypnotica," Futa-Girl grinned, lifting Lady Hypnotica's legs up high, sliding her cock into Lady Hypnotica's cunt.

"Oh fuck! It's so big! Y-you're breaking me apart!!! I-I'm cumming!!!" Lady Hypnotica screamed, her cunt clenching around Futa-Girl's monster meat as it penetrated her deeper and deeper.

"Damn, your pussy's sucking me right in!" Futa-Girl moaned. "It's a good think it's already totally juiced! You're cumming just from me putting it in!"

"F-Futa-Girl...oh god, I can't stop cumming!!!" Lady Hypnotica moaned, writhing around as Futa-Girl speared her with her super-cock.

"Fuck, you're so tight!" Futa-Girl moaned. "I'm not even halfway in, but I'm already about to cum!!!"

"N-no!!!" Lady Hypnotica screamed. "D-don't cum in me!!! I...I order you not to cum in me!!!"

"Did you forget who was in control here, Lady Hypnotica?" Futa-Girl grinned, bucking her hips, thrusting her cock deeper and deeper into Lady Hypnotica's spasming cunt. "I'm in control, and I'm..."

Futa-Girl slammed her member into Lady Hypnotica, hilting her thick meat staff in the supervillain's cunt, Lady Hypnotica howling as a powerful orgasm rocked her body.

"...CUMMING..."

Futa-Girl repeatedly slammed her cock in and out of Lady Hypnotica's pussy, ravaging the villain with her throbbing, engorged rod, the pressure inside of Futa-Girl reaching a crescendo.

"INSIDE!!!!!"

Futa-Girl screamed as she thrust her hips forward, her cock erupting deep into Lady Hypnotica's womb, cum gushing out, filling the villain's tight cunt with hot, creamy spunk. Futa-Girl thrust a few more times, fucking her cumload into Lady Inferna, the villain's eyes rolled back as she came again and again from Futa-Girl's cock jettisoning hot, thick cum deep inside her.

"Oh fuck, I'm cumming so much!" Futa-Girl moaned, bucking her hips as her cock continued to shoot creamy spunk into Lady Hypnotica, a small bulge appearing on the villain's belly as she was filled more than Futa-Girl had ever filled any woman before. "I'm so backed up!" Futa-Girl moaned. "Oh fuck!"

As Futa-Girl's orgasm finally settled down, she pulled her sore cock from Lady Hypnotica's well-fucked pussy, cum leaking out as the villain collapsed onto the floor.

"Now, what to do with you..." Futa-Girl mused. Looking around, she spied the Hypno-Ray she had taken from Lady Hypnotica. "Hmm..."

Picking up the device, Futa-Girl pointed it at Lady Hypnotica and pulled the trigger. Lady Hypnotica immediately froze, the tables having been turned, the villainess now under the heroine's control.

"Lady Hypnotica," Futa-Girl commanded. "You will surrender yourself to the police, and sit in jail and think about what you did. You will return to your senses only after you are locked up for good. Understood?"

"Yes, Futa-Girl," Lady Hypnotica replied, her eyes glazed over.

"Also," Futa-Girl added, "tell me how to undo the effects of this Hypno-Ray on the people outside."

"The effects of the Hypno-Ray on the people outside were designed to last for only an hour," Lady Hypnotica replied. "It has been about fifty minutes, so they will snap out of it in another ten."

"Well, that seems okay," Futa-Girl said. "When you surrender to the police, make sure to tell them that."

"Yes, Futa-Girl."

"Oh, and Hypnotica?"

"Yes, Futa-Girl?"

"When you get out, it's okay for you to go back to your life of crime, just make sure I know about it first," Futa-Girl said with a wink. "And when you do confront me again, you will perpetually forget that extreme horniness breaks the effects of your Hypno-Ray. I can't wait to do this again."

With that, Futa-Girl took off, flying back home, smiling to herself at a job well done. Maybe Lady Hypnotica would get out of or escape from jail in the future, but if that happened, Futa-Girl would be ready for her.

****************************

Well, dear readers, that concludes today's tale! What lies in the future for Futa-Girl? What challenges will she tackle next? What other dastardly villains lie in wait to take a shot at Futa-Girl? What is Mayor Jacqueline Rothstein's problem? What does Dr. Heinous, who has sworn revenge on our heroine, have in store for the she-cocked superhero? Well, dear reader, the answers you seek are still to come in...

The Adventures of Futa-Girl!