 Usual disclaimers, everyone is over 18. yadda yadda. You should start at the beginning if you want to know the characters. Italics is used for internal dialog, "italics" is used for telepathic communication. 

***** 

As the fog of euphoria lifted, Sean couldn't help but smile as he thought, It is SO much better when someone else does it! Looking down at the genie still sucking his cock, he realized he was still going soft. He couldn't have been out of it for long. As she finally let him slip from her mouth, he softly whispered, "Thank you, that was amazing. I wish I could touch you, and return the favor." 

He felt a tingling sensation in his mind, just before she smiled and her eyes flashed a soft gold light. "Your wish is granted, Master!" She giggled as she climbed up onto the couch beside him, and held out her arms. 

Sean moved into her embrace, and softly touched the side of her face as he went in for a kiss. Gently he kissed her mouth, and her face, as if afraid she might break, or just disappear. He could see tiny freckles scattered across the bridge of her nose and her cheeks. Kissing his way to her ear, he stroked her neck and shoulder, slipping off one of the straps to her top. He didn't really know what he was doing, so he just did whatever he felt like as he nibbled her earlobe, eliciting a moan of pleasure, before working his way down her neck. He kissed and licked his causing her to shiver with a giggle. 

He pulled back long enough to untie her top from each side and lift it away from her. He lightly traced his fingers between her breasts and down her flat belly. She was even smaller than he thought; not much bigger than the porn star Kitty Jung. His interest in short, petite girls started all the way back in high school with an unrequited crush, and continued through his whole adult life. With rapt fascination he bent to kiss his way down her chest, rubbing his hands around the outsides of her tiny breasts, pushing them together to give her just a hint of cleavage for him to gently nibble. 

He kissed and licked around them, alternating between them without mirroring his actions on them. Her areola was almost non-existent, just a stiff nipple that jutted out like the eraser from a pencil. He found he could fit almost her entire breast in his mouth as he sucked one, slowly pulling away until just her nipple was in his mouth. Gently clamping down with his teeth he sucked firmly and lashed it with his tongue, cause her to squirm and moan, "MMMMmmmmm... Oh, Master!" He smiled, and pinched the other nipple, pulling it away from her body until it popped free with another mew of pleasure. 

Her reactions encouraged him to be a little bolder, and he kissed his way down her taut belly, lightly tracing her barely visible abs. He lingered for a bit at her belly button and firmly ran his hands from her hips, up her sides, and back to play with her breasts. As he continued downward, he decided he wanted to leave the bottom of her outfit on. Lifting the long strip of fabric to the side he discovered that it was an even naughtier version of the famous costume. Instead of a full loincloth, it was just two strips of cloth suspended from the ornamented belt, with nothing to directly cover her. He smiled in anticipation when he saw her pretty little slit, just barely puffy enough that with the right clothes it would show some camel toe. Her clit was already so engorged that it was just barely peaking from between her nether lips. 

He kissed his way along her hipbone to the crease where her thigh and hip joined, causing her to writhe and moan, then down to her inner thigh before moving to the opposite leg and doing the same thing in reverse. He kissed ever-tightening circles around her slit, until he was licking the outside of her labia. She was dripping wet already, so he spent some time in the losing battle of licking it all up. He had heard and read many descriptions of a woman's taste before this, and none of them were close to the light taste of honeysuckle and jasmine that he was experiencing now. With that taste he was convinced that she truly wasn't human, and her story just might be true. 

Hitching her legs over his shoulders, he flattened his tongue and licked up her entire slit a few times before gently probing with his tongue. He made sure to stop just short of her clit, not wanting to make her cum too soon. He sucked one of her labia into his mouth and tongued it while rubbing the other one, then gently spread her open to look at her. He had never seen one up close before, but saw what he thought might be a hymen. He dismissed that notion out of hand, How can a sex genie be a virgin? He twitched a frown at his own inexperience, then pressed his mouth against her and tried to fuck her with his tongue. 

She was steadily moaning, and he had to hold her still to keep himself on target. Her copious juices were flowing down his chin, and dripping onto the couch, but he couldn't get enough of her. He did take notice when her breathing pattern changed, however, and thinking maybe she was getting close he eased a fingertip inside her and moved up to suckle on her clit. Pulling a gentle suction on it, he rubbed it in random directions with his tongue as quickly as he could, while fucking her with just the first joint of his finger. 

Suddenly her moans turned to a drawn out scream, and her hips broke free of his grip and pressed harder into his face. Her juices were practically pouring out of her now, and he kept up his ministrations until she started to calm down. When her hips settled back down, he released her clit, and gently bathed her pussy with his tongue, lapping up her fluids without aggravating her hypersensitive skin. 

He grinned up at her as he lowered her legs, "What's your name, beautiful? I can't keep calling you genie. Unless that's actually your name, of course." 

She smiled blissfully at him, "No, Master. I have no name. As my Master, it is up to you to give me a name." She sighed with contentment, as he ran his fingers lightly over her body. 

"I'll have to give that some thought. I've never named a person before." He continued to caress her, enjoying the touch of another's flesh. He was just beginning to realize just how lonely his existence had been before now, and it was like he was starving for affection and physical contact. "So you're a sex genie, huh? In that case I wish I could fuck you, now." 

He felt the tingle in his mind just before her eyes flashed again, and his half hard cock was suddenly mimicking a piece of re-bar. She giggled as she replied, "Granted, Master, but you don't need a wish for that. All that I am is yours to do with as you please. That includes my body. I could never refuse your touch, nor would I ever want to." 

From where he knelt, the seat of the couch was just above hip height. He smiled as he dragged her hips forward to hang just off the seat, "In that case, I wish I had the stamina to make you cum several times before I do." Again he felt a tingle in his mind and her eyes flashed. There was some relation there, but now wasn't the time to ask. He ran the head of his dick through the wetness still oozing out of her, getting it as slick as he could. Holding her open, he pressed against her entrance, raised his hips more in line with hers, and pushed gently. 

She was so tight, and wet and hot! Slowly she stretched around him and closed behind his crown, and he pushed slowly inward until he felt a barrier in his way. He looked at her in surprise, "You're a virgin, too?" As soon as the words left his mouth he was cursing himself for admitting he had never had sex. 

"MMmmm! Yes, Master. I was created just for you. You are the only man who will ever touch me, unless you say otherwise." She couldn't stop her hips from rocking with little twitches, even from this minimal penetration. 

"The first time will hurt, you know. Can I wish it away? I don't want to cause you pain." He pulled back the fraction of an inch without letting his crown leave her entrance, then pushed back in to her block. He couldn't stop himself from fucking even just that small amount, so close was he to realizing a dream almost 30 years in the making. 

She sighed with his movements, "No, Master, that's not possible. It's part of the bonding process. When your seed mixes with my torn flesh, I will be bound to you forever. Once it's complete nothing less than a Djinn King will be able to separate us, and maybe not then. I'm ready for you, Master!" 

Nodding his acceptance, Sean pulled back as far as he could within her, then shoved forward hard! He felt the tear as she cried out, and he froze to let her adjust. He could feel her starting to unclench, and just as she opened her mouth to say she was ok, he started to fuck his way slowly deeper into her. Pulling out half an inch, then pushing in a whole one, he pulsed his way in, until his pubic bone mashed her clit. At that contact of full penetration, she cried out with pleasure. Her hips lifted pressing against him and her legs wrapped around him to pull him tighter. Had he not wished for greater stamina, her contractions would have already sent him over the edge. 

He was stroking her hair waiting for her to come down a little, when he impulsively pinched one of her nipples. He wasn't sure if it counted as a second climax or not, but it certainly sent the first one into another surge. Chuckling softly, he began to caress and pet her body, enjoying the feel of her pussy milking his cock without him having to fight off an orgasm. It felt better than he could have possibly imagined it would. 

As her breathing began to settle down again, he started slow strokes of his full length. As he gained a sense of the rhythm he was able to speed it up until he was pumping her as fast as his admittedly limited coordination would allow. Settling in a little, he forgot to keep his hips raised even with her and was stroking from slightly below her. Her vocal reaction surprised him as her moans turned into screams of pleasure. If my anatomy is right, this angle should have me pushing against her "g-spot". He shifted downward a little more to as much pressure on it as he could without hurting himself, and was rewarded when her body went completely rigid and started to shake. Her mouth was open, but the scream seemed to be so intense it was silent, and a veritable fountain of her nectar came spraying out around his cock, soaking his front and dripping to the floor. 

He kept up his rhythm and pressure until her convulsions calmed to twitches, then came to a stop fully seated inside her. He leaned in and kissed her gently, "You ok?" Smiling blissfully her only response was to kiss him back, thrusting her tongue into his mouth. He wasn't sure how long they kissed as he ground himself against her clit, but finally they broke for some air. Grinning at her he put his arms around her, picked her up still impaled on his cock, and stood up. She was so light it wasn't that big of a struggle, and he turned around and sat with her straddling his lap. Lying back, he began to play with her breasts again, and waited to see what she would do. 

Smiling down at him, she began to lift up, then when she sank back down she would grind in circles against him, simultaneously rubbing her clit on his pubic bone, and swirling his cock inside her. What followed was like an old fashioned belly dance with him fully inside her, interspersed with quick bounces to fuck up and down on him. He could feel himself building to another climax, and knew that his wish was just about over. From her pants and moans, as well as her increasingly frantic movements, she was close as well. All to soon he groaned a shout, "I'm losing it!" 

Pressing hard against him she gyrated in circles until a torrent of his cum burst within her. As he did so he shouted out one name, "Sarah! Sarah! Sarah!" Her Master had named her just as their final joining took place. She didn't have time to ponder the implications of that as her shouts of pleasure easily drowned out his as they came together. When it had finally run its course, he pulled her to him for another kiss, and made another wish as he drifted off into a pleasure induced fugue, "I wish I could stay semi-hard and comfortably inside you until I have to pull out." And he did.