 Hillary Trenton was having a blast.

The buxom young archaeologist already had everything she could ever need in the form of lots and lots of money, but recently, she had been getting what she wanted. An incident with gamma rays and strange extraterrestrial debris had imbued Hillary with superpowers, including (and especially) a super-cock, massive in size, seemingly able to make any woman wet just looking at it. Utilizing these newfound powers, Hillary had taken to the skies as the masked heroine Futa-Girl, dispensing justice upon evildoers. Often, she would get to use her cock to teach these criminals a lesson, which was rapidly becoming her favorite part of being a superhero.

"So, anything happening today?" Hillary asked as she entered the secret lair beneath her house, where her friend and erstwhile partner, Sue Christensen, was monitoring a colossal crime computer.

"No, today's been very slow for crime," Sue replied.

"Well, if I can't get my rocks off outside, how about...?" Hillary asked, biting her lip. Sue turned around to see the blonde already sporting a sizeable bulge in her pants.

"When are you ever not ready to go?" Sue replied, cocking an eyebrow as she bit her lip. Sue moved forward, getting on her knees, mere inches away from Hillary's bulge. Sue placed a hand on Hillary's crotch, caressing the blonde's growing bulge.

"Oooh, that feels so good through my jeans," Hillary moaned. "Can you make it feel even better?"

Sue smiled, undoing the fly on Hillary's pants, Hillary's monster cock springing free from its denim prison. Sue jerked her head back, narrowly missing Hillary's cock slapping her in the face.

"Looks like someone's happy to see me..." Sue purred, rubbing her hand down Hillary's throbbing shaft.

"Mmmh, yeah, stroke my cock," Hillary moaned.

As Sue stroked Hillary's cock, precum began to dribble out the tip. Sue rubbed her palm over the head of Hillary's prick, the sticky, warm precum sticking to her hand, which she then ran down Hillary's thick length, lubricating Hillary's throbbing erection. Once Hillary's cock was well-lubed, Sue placed her mouth at the tip and slowly began sucking Hillary's cock.

"Oh, fuck!" Hillary moaned as Sue gobbled up her monster cock. "You're sucking me so good!"

Sue took Hillary's cock deeper and deeper into her mouth, Hillary's moans growing louder as more and more of her thick, meaty length entered Sue's mouth and throat. "Fuck..." Hillary moaned. "I'm gonna...I'm gonna..."

Suddenly, Hillary's enjoyment was interrupted by the piercing scream of a siren as red lights began to flash throughout the lair.

"What the fuck?!?" Hillary exclaimed as Sue quickly pulled Hillary's cock out of her mouth and rushed to the crime computer.

"Villain alert!" Sue exclaimed. "I had this installed for when the crime computer detects supervillain activity."

"Always when I'm busy..." Hillary groaned, looking down dejectedly at her rock-hard cock, glistening with saliva.

"Looks like some sort of robots have broken into a bank downtown," Sue said, looking at what appeared to be security camera footage. "Someone is right there controlling them, but there's a bunch of smoke and I can't make anything out."

Grabbing her costume, Hillary quickly changed, her identity transforming from famed archaeologist Hillary Trenton to the masked, impossibly well-endowed superheroine, Futa-Girl.

"I'll take care of this, and then I'll be back to finish what we started," Futa-Girl shouted while flying up and out the secret exit to her lair.

As Futa-Girl flew to where this alleged supervillainry was taking place, she couldn't help but slowly stroke her cock in mid-air, the hung heroine still very horny from her near-orgasm. "This better be fucking worth it," Futa-Girl murmured. 

As Futa-Girl approached the scene of the crime, she could see a cloud of dust and smoke from where a hole had been blown in the wall of the bank. The entire scene was already deserted.

At least the civilians are smart enough to stay away, Futa-Girl thought. All right, let's find out what I'm up against.

Futa-Girl entered the bank through the gaping hole in the wall, the bank filled with smoke, making it hard to see.

"Who's there???" a woman's voice cried out. "Heinous-Bots, attack!"

Suddenly, Futa-Girl was besieged by several humanlike robots. Their exterior a shiny silver, the robots resembled well-endowed women.

"Fembots? You have got to be kidding me," Futa-Girl laughed, smashing the first robot to get to her to bits. That didn't stop the other robots from attacking, but Futa-Girl made quick work of them with her super-strength, the heroine finding herself standing amidst a pile of scrap.

"Heinous-Bots, respond!" the woman's voice cried out. "Whoever you are, now that you have destroyed my Heinous-Bots, you shall now face my wrath!"

Futa-Girl began to make out some kind of person charging at her through the smoke. As it neared, its shape took form. It was a woman, with big tits, bigger than Futa-Girl's, short, straight blonde hair, and blue eyes. She wore a form-fitting black labcoat, with black latex gloves and boots, and wore a black domino mask to hide her identity. The woman emerged from the smoke, shaking a fist at Futa-Girl.

"You'll pay for this, you...you..."

The woman trailed off as she beheld Futa-Girl. "Who...what...are you???" the villainess asked, fear in her eyes, lust growing in her voice, unable to look away from Futa-Girl's crotch.

"I'm the new superhero here in Gammaville," Futa-Girl replied. "You can call me Futa-Girl. And you are...?"

Quickly regaining her composure, the woman shook her fist at Futa-Girl. "I do not care for your name!" she shouted melodramatically. "I am Dr. Heinous! Not only am I this earth's greatest scientific mind, I am its greatest criminal mind as well! Now, Futa-Girl-"

"Hold on," Futa-Girl interrupted.

"You dare interrupt me?!?" Dr. Heinous shrieked.

"Well, you said you don't care for my name, but then you called me by name," Futa-Girl calmly replied. "If you were truly as great of a mind as you say you are, you wouldn't have made that mistake."

"I do not make mistakes!" Dr. Heinous screamed. "It is you who has made the mistake, by getting in my way! Prepare to die, Futa-Girl!"

Dr. Heinous reached into her labcoat. Futa-Girl steadied herself, ready for whatever insidious device Dr. Heinous would pull out.

Dr. Heinous' eyes went wide, and she began patting herself down. "What...where is it???" she said, panicking. "I...I brought my death ray...didn't I???"

"Are you serious?" Futa-Girl asked mockingly. "You're supposedly this great villain, but you can't even remember to bring anything to take me out?"

"Th...this isn't over, Futa-Girl!" Dr. Heinous shouted, beginning to retreat. "I'll be back with a death ray, and then your death will be guaranteed!"

Before Dr. Heinous could make her getaway, however, Futa-Girl launched herself at the villain, knocking Dr. Heinous to the ground on her back.

"You won't get away that easily, Doctor," Futa-Girl grinned.

"Unhand me, you brute!" Dr. Heinous shouted, futilely struggling as Futa-Girl pinned her down to the ground. Futa-Girl's cock throbbed as she had the villain right where she wanted her. Sitting on top of Dr. Heinous, Futa-Girl moved her hands to the Doctor's breasts, kneading them through the skintight fabric of Dr. Heinous' costume.

"My, what big, wondrous tits you have!" Futa-Girl exclaimed, her hands roaming all over Dr. Heinous' milk jugs, molesting the supervillain through her clothing.

"Mmh," Dr. Heinous stifled a moan.

Futa-Girl's cock twitched at the affirmation of pleasure from Dr. Heinous. "My, Dr. Heinous," Futa-Girl cooed, "could you be...liking have your tits roughed up by me?"

"N-no," Dr. Heinous stammered. "Un...unhand me..."

"You don't sound very sure of yourself, Doctor," Futa-Girl teased, giving Dr. Heinous' tits a powerful squeeze, causing the villain to gasp in pleasure. "In fact, I bet if I were to take a look down there, you'd be soaking wet!"

"N-no! I don't like this!" Dr. Heinous weakly protested.

"Tell you what," Futa-Girl continued, moving her hands down to Dr. Heinous' smooth belly. "If I take a look at your pussy, and it's not wet, I'll let you go. But If you're wet from looking at my cock and being molested by me, I'm going to fuck you, OK?"

"You wouldn't!" Dr. Heinous protested, her eyes going wide at the thought of Futa-Girl's giant cock penetrating her cunt. "You couldn't!"

"Oh, I can and I will," Futa-Girl replied, sliding off of Dr. Heinous. "Now, let's see how you're doing down there."

Effortlessly, Futa-Girl tore away the fabric covering Dr. Heinous' crotch, revealing the villain's snatch.

"Well, would you look at that," Futa-Girl smiled. "You are wet. Dripping, in fact! You know what that means!"

"N-no! P-please don't!" Dr. Heinous begged, her body not matching what her mouth was saying. "Y-you're too big! You'll break me in half!"

"Spare me, Doctor," Futa-Girl rolled her eyes. "I know what my penis is capable of, and it will fit in your pussy. Besides, judging by how much you're dripping, I'd say you want it anyway."

Futa-Girl lined up the tip of her cock with Dr. Heinous' quivering snatch, the villainess still weakly protesting.

"P-please, don't...don't...doOOOOOHHHHHHHHH SHIT!!!" Dr. Heinous screamed, throwing her head back as Futa-Girl pressed her fat cock into the villain's pussy, the thick shaft sliding into the well-lubricated hole with ease.

"See? You had nothing to worry about," Futa-Girl grunted, working more of her monster meat into Dr. Heinous' tight snatch. "Oh fuck, you're so tight! Your pussy feels good around my cock!"

"Oh god, your cock's so big! It's filling me up! I'M CUMMING!!!" Dr. Heinous screamed, her pussy tightening up on Futa-Girl's cock, the villainess cumming harder than she ever had before.

"Fuck, you're getting even tighter!" Futa-Girl moaned. Futa-Girl grabbed Dr. Heinous' legs and lifted them above her own head, thrusting her cock in and out of Dr. Heinous' quaking pussy. "Cum for me, baby!"

"Fuck! I'm cumming! It won't stop!!!" Dr. Heinous screamed, bucking against Futa-Girl's dick. "Keep fucking me! Don't stop!!!"

"Oh, fuck!" Futa-Girl moaned, slamming her cock in and out of Dr. Heinous' cunt, her rampaging cock nearly getting out of control, each thrust slamming the head directly into Dr. Heinous' cervix. "I'm gonna cum!"

"Yes! Cum in me!" Dr. Heinous moaned. "Fill me to the brim with your cum!"

Suddenly, Futa-Girl moved back, pulling her cock all the way out of Dr. Heinous' pussy. Now on her knees, Futa-Girl began to jerk her monster cock.

"W-what are you doing?!?" Dr. Heinous cried, her voice full of disappointment and panic.

"You hardly put up a fight. You don't deserve my cum inside you," Futa-Girl grinned, moaning as she began to near orgasm. "That's why I'm going to cum outside. Oh shit, here it comes! I'm cumming!!!"

Futa-Girl moaned hard as her cock bucked, cum shooting out of the tip, thick ribbons of cum landing on Dr. Heinous' prone body, streaks of pearly seed coating her black outfit. Moaning, Dr. Heinous came again, her pussy gushing fluids, just from the sensation of Futa-Girl's thick, hot cum covering her clothes.

"Ohhh fuck, that's it, cum for me!" Futa-Girl moaned, jacking her fuckload all over Dr. Heinous, her creamy cum coating the villain's stomach, chest, and face. "Cum just from getting covered in my hot spunk!"

"Oh god..." Dr. Heinous moaned, covered in cum, her pussy totally spent.

"Fuck, that was good," Futa-Girl sighed, feeling her powers weaken as her orgasm ceased. Looking down to the cummed-out supervillain, Futa-Girl admired her handiwork.

"Well, you don't look like you're going anywhere soon," Futa-Girl said, getting up. "I'm just going to leave you here so the cops can collect you after I'm gone. Later!"

At that, Futa-Girl flew off, leaving Dr. Heinous laying there in the bank she had previously been attempting to rob, covered in spunk.

Futa-Girl flew back to the secret entrance to her lair, flying through the hatch into her secret lair. After she landed, she immediately began changing out of her costume, reverting back to Hillary Trenton.

"Oh, you're back," Sue Christensen said coldly, turning to face Hillary with her arms crossed.

"Yeah, it was a piece of cake!" Hillary replied. "I wouldn't mind fighting that particular villain again."

"Well, you're sure going to get your chance," Sue replied, gesturing to the crime computer, which was displaying a news report.

"For those of you just tuning in, it is here that known supervillain Dr. Heinous battled Gammaville's newest superhero, Futa-Girl," a lady reporter said, gesturing to the bank where Futa-Girl had indeed faced off against Dr. Heinous. "Our sources indicate there was a long and protracted battle, partially caught on the bank's one working security camera. However, due to its rather...graphic nature, we cannot air it. Strangely, after the, er, battle was finished, this so-called hero, Futa-Girl, left Dr. Heinous unattended, enabling the villain to escape before police could close in on her. The supervillain remains at large."

"Your first supervillain, and you just let her get away!" Sue chided.

"Relax," Hillary replied. "She was a complete pushover. I doubt she'll ever be a threat to anyone, and if she shows up again, I'll be there to fuck her into submission, again."

"You fucked her?!?" Sue shouted. "Wait...why am I surprised? That's pretty much the only way you fight crime."

"Relax," Hillary reassured her friend. "Dr. Heinous is nothing."

***********************************

"So, Futa-Girl thinks she can fuck me, and then not even cum inside???"

Dr. Heinous stood inside her secret laboratory, located on a hidden island.

"That so-called 'hero' is so foolish that she left me to my own devices, enabling an easy escape! Futa-Girl thinks she can cum all over me and get away with it, well, I'll show her! I'll show everyone! Heh...ha ha...MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!"