 he Adventures of Bethany Starglider
Part Four - Pleasourous IV at Last 

It had been a week since the girls had escaped the Xithor infested wreck but finally they had arrived in orbit above Pleasourous IV. Bethany thought back to the dull and torturous week it had been, the Dominator was a small ship and had little to entertain them. The few vids and VR games quickly became boring and whilst she had enjoyed chatting with her old friends what she really wanted was time alone with Sarha fucking like rabbits but that couldn't happen in the crowded ship. But now, finally, they were at Pleasurous and Bethany was very excited. She was in her cabin packing a few clothes as the other girls got ready and she could barely contain herself. When she started out on the trip Bethnay was a little unsure about the hedonistic delights of the resort but now she was dying to try out every experience they had to offer. 

Emily poked her head around the door and said "You ready Beth? We should be landing in a minute." 

"Yep nearly there, just can't decide what to wear." 

"Nothing too thick it's very warm on the planet." Emily answered as she entered the room and Bethany saw she had taken her own advice. She's finally dumped the dull shipsuits she'd been wearing all week for a very small bright yellow bikini and high heeled shoes. 

"I don't want to just wear a bikini though." Bethany said as she studied Emily's near naked body. 

"Well how about this then babe?" Emily asked as she held up one of the many costumes Bethany had borrowed from Sarha but hadn't had the guts to wear. It was a black lycra microskirt with black boots and bikini. Bethany was more than tempted by the saucy clothes.

"Alright then Emily, I will." Bethany said as she grabbed the outfit.

  ************ 

The ship had landed and the five girls had disembarked and booked in at the five star Banana Cove Hotel. A huge palace situated on a cliff overlooking a large, sandy beach and the deep blue Orgasma Ocean. The hotel had it's own pool complex, health spa, four nightclubs, ten bars, two sex clubs and a whore house(staffed by a variety of humans and aliens of both sexes). It seemed to the girls to be a fairly close approximation of heaven and Lara, Sarha and Emily had gone off to try all it had to offer. Kara and Bethany however had gone to their rooms to unpack and freshen up. Bethany had just finished unpacking all her outfits when she began to feel a bit odd. 

It started with a dull ache in her stomach but soon developed into sudden sharp pains all over her lower abdomen. Moaning with another sudden stab of pain Bethany lay her sexy body on the big, luxourious bed that filled half the hotel room. Though the silk sheets felt great against her skin, the pain got worse and worse, it felt to Bethany as if something was smashing her up from the inside. She then looked down at her stomach and was horrified to see that as the pain lanced through her body, her stomach distended hidesously. 

Bethany was in shock and was about to scream when she realised what was happening. She was giving birth to the Xithor's child. She was having a baby. Now understanding what was happening she began to calm down a little and as she did the pain lessened. Her panic had obviously upset the baby. So she lay back and pulled off her lycra microskirt so she could part her legs fully. Bethany could now feel the baby inside her, definatly alive and growing at an incredible rate. As she watched her stomach just grew and grew, obscenely pulsing and stretching. She was worried her body might not be able to survive the birth but the pain had seemed to stop and she seemed ok for now despite the bizarre twisting her stomach was going through. Her belly was now as large as a big beachball and she couldn't even see her legs. 

Then without any warning the baby moved, Bethany could see and feel it slip from the safety of her womb towards her vaginal opening. She could feel something touching the inside of her pussy now and could see the large shape leaving her stomach and pushing through her pelvis. Bethany couldn't understand, she ought to be in agony but in fact it felt wonderful, her body so full and complete. The Xithor birth process must include free pain killers she concluded as the pleasure grew as the creature totally left her womb and entered her birth canel. The stomach bulge now gone Bethany could once again see her own legs and as the baby neared her entrance she could see a thick, black mucus running out her pussy over the silky white sheets and her pale thighs. 

She wasn't sure before but now with her legs stretched fully apart and the baby filling her pussy like never before she could definately feel an orgasm building. Bethany couldn't help herself and she ripped off her bikini and grabbed her big melons, squeezing them and forcing the first orgasm to flood over her. She squeeled with pleasure. As she panted to get her breath back the head of the Xithor lavae, Bethany's baby, emerged from her massively streched cunt. It was giant black skinned maggot about eight inches in diameter and over two foot long. Two small eyes and a tiny, fanged mouth sat on it's head and the mouth was opening and clasping shut, obviously hungry. 

Bethany squeezed her cunt muscles and tried desperately to help her baby out, but recurring orgasms kept distracting her. Her hands had continued to fondle her breasts but now several inches of her child were free and she grabbed the slimy head of the maggot to help it out. As she did this her nipples continued to hurt with the desire to be touched so she vainly tried to lick them. Her tongue streched out but was not able to reach the top of her large tits to touch her marvously erect nipples. 

Over a foot of the creature was out now free aided by the black birthing goo which now covered all her legs, abdoman, stomach, most of the bed and was dripping off the edges of the sheets onto the floor. With one final pull of her hands and squeeze of her cunt Bethany yanked the lavae free. Several pints of the birthing liquid gushed out her pussy, sloshing off the bed onto the floor. But Bethany didn't care she hugged her baby to her body, it was calm now and quietly lay against it's mother. 

"Oh little one you're so cute." Bethany said between deep breaths. 

She held it for a few minutes, so happy and proud to be a mother, until the lavae became restless, seemingly trying to push towards her breasts. At first Bethany tried to hold it up. 

"Baby I'm sorry, you're hungry aren't you." she said as she realised what it wanted. 

So she moved it till it's little fanged mouth sat by one of her nipples. Unsure whether it could drink human milk or whether she could even produce any, she waited hoping her little child wouldn't starve. Thankfully the maggot latched onto the nipple and began half sucking and half chewing. After a couple of seconds liquid began flowing out of Bethany's tit. She was a little surprised to see that it clearly wasn't human milk. It was creamy in texture but blue in colour with small yellow lumps in it. However the baby seemed to love it and ferciously sucking on the hard nipple, it's teeth pleasingly digging in. 

Unfortuately it was also very messy, it's little fanged mouth didn't properly fit on a human nipple and much of the milk was spraying over Bethany and the bed. A lot of the blue liquid was hitting Bethany in the face and somewhat curious she licked a little of it up. She'd thought Reptilian jism tasted good but this was even better, she couldn't believe her own body could produce something so tasty. Bethany licked what she could from her face and then seeing that her child had stopped feeding she gently placed it down on the bed before grabbing one of her tits. She then bent her head down and brought her own nipple to her mouth. She began sucking vigourously on herself, drawing mouthful after mouthful of her own milk. Bethany loved every drop of the milk, it was totally delicious.

After several minutes the first tit seemed to dry up so Bethany hurriedly grabbed the other one and after slurping away for some time, had sucked that one dry as well. Now properly satisfied she looked around for her baby, it had vanished. Bethany was distraught, how could she be such a terrible mother. Then she noticed a thin slime trial going out the window, away from her and she knew, somehow, that it was always this way with the Xithor, for them to be strong the young had to fend for themselves. A little tear rolled down her cheek, she'd wanted to raise her baby and even sadder she knew that with no baby, she'd never produce more of that milk. Sniffing she began to clear up the slimy mess of the bed and her body. Vowing that she'd get pregnant again by a Xithor as soon as possible and that she had to try and avoid constantly getting covered in alien slime. 

**********

Bethany having recovered and cleaned up found Kara and they decided to look around the resort and were heading towards the main town of Fucharda. Kara not wanting to lose her normal ninja advantage had decided the best way to blend into the crowd was to wear a shockingly small black g-string and bikini. Something Bethany thought was great as her tanned, trim body was a wonderous thing to have to look at all day. Though she'd hoped Kara might go topless like many of the girls she'd seen in the resort. Though the many naked breasts were having quite an effect on Bethany and she hoped the dampness she could feel between her legs didn't leave a damp patch on her g-string. 

The resort was full of people and everyone was throughly enjoying themselves. The colony had been founded only 20 years ago shortly after the planet had been discovered by the exploration company IEA. It was a lush, warm tropical world with gravity and atmosphere remarkably similiar to Earth's inhabited by a wide ecosystem of plants and small creatures but nothing large, dangerous or sentient. The intersteller enterepter Dick Pickle saw the potential of such a world and bought it off IEA, setting up the whole world as a tourist destination. He had been shockingly successful and the planet's natural assets mixed with the hedonistic delights he imported now attract millions of visitors each year. 

The path Bethany and Kara walked down ran next to one of the resort's many tropical beaches with fine, yellow sand dotted by palm trees which ran into the clear, blue water of the warm ocean. The twin suns of the system poured down bright, hot sunshine onto the resort and they wasn't a cloud in the sky. In fact Bethany thought it was a little too hot as she was more used to the cold rain of the London arcology and she was getting quite sweaty despite only wearing a little bright green bikini and g-string cut in an even more daring style than Kara's. 

"It's a bit hot, I wish they was a little more shade." She said. 

Kara looked at her a little surprised "What are you talking about Bethany? It's lovely, just like all those holidays father took me on to Greece when I was a girl." 

"Umm whatever but I wouldn't mind a sit down somewhere cool, I'm covered in sweat and I burn easily." 

Kara looked over Bethany's near naked body and saw that indeed her pale english flesh was covered in a sheen of sweat and getting a little pink. 

"OK we'll find somewhere, we wouldn't want your lovely skin getting all burnt would we and I suppose it's not your fault you come from such a cold and wet place." Kara said. 

"Humph, we can't all be bronzed mederterrian goddesses." Bethany giggled. 

The pair continued walking for a while longer until they came upon a small, mostly empty beach front bar. It had all the standard tropical bar cliches but at least seemed cool so the girls went inside. 

"Ohh lovely and cool in here, this is nice." purred Bethany finally feeling like she wasn't being cooked. 

They walked up to the bar which was wooden and covered in palm leaves, large bottles of mulitcoloured cocktail ingredients filled the shelves behind and menus listed the various cocktails and prices. A reptilian stood behind the bar dressed in just a pair of tight, black trunks. Bethany was quickly reminded of her earlier adventures back on Mars and saw that size was something all Reptilains had in common. She blushed slightly as she stared at the reptilian wondering if they also all tasted the same. 

Finally broken from her gawping when Kara handed her a drink, a bright purple, blue and orange mixture with each colour band seperated from each other. 

"Oh thanks Kara. Ummm tastes good" Bethany said as she sipped the fruity drink. 

The two bikini clad beauties then headed further into the back of the bar, a small group of figures could be seen at the far back but no one else was in the bar. 

"Very quiet." Said Bethany. 

"Yes everyone else is out enjoying the sun." Kara answered jokingly. 

They sat at a small table towards the rear of the bar chatting quietly, Bethany trying to avoid staring at Kara's chest as it bounced around in her bikini. They could also see from they table that the other group in bar were a pair of Karaylans. Large invertabrate aliens with a central nervous system and brain wrapped up in a small ball at the centre of their bodies which were made up of a semi-translucant jelly which is very slimy and tends to leave a trail behind them. They came in a variety of colours with the larger of these two in the bar being vomit green and the other a dull orange. The Karaylans are virtually asexual without real sexual organs, any two can breed at the correct time in their lifecycle though this is only for a very short time. This had resulted in a very conservative society which shuns fun in any form and particuarly finds human obsession with sex to be sick and wrong. However not a violent species they are usually happy to live with humans though are constantly preaching about how wrong human lifestyles are. 

The two girls continued to chat away quitely about the holiday and what they wanted to do, all the while hoping the Karayalns wouldn't notice them and begin preaching as they always seemed to do. Especially to a pair of young, scantily clad, clearly immoral girls. 

Then suddenly Kara hushed Bethany "Shhh...listen Bethany." 

Bethany did as the toned ninja asked and she could now hear the aliens speaking. The large green one was obviously in charge and seemed to be ordering the other around. 

"You will plant bomb by pool and by beach and by hotel. I will plant one, two, three more. Then they explode and human perversion be gone." The large one was saying. 

"Yes I will do this. What of other Karaylans? Where are they?" the slightly smaller orange one said in the stilted dialect of the alien blobs. 

"They will be here soon to help. We strike first though. Perversion ends. Karaylans be happy." the large answered. 

Bethany was stunned, this was totally out of character for the normally placid Karaylans, still she supposed all races had their extremists. 

"What are we going to do Kara?" she then asked. 

"We must inform the authorities at once, they seem to be amaeuters and shouldn't be too much of a problem. Let's go." Kara said but as they got up to leave they noticed the aliens had began to slide up to them leaving a trail of slime over the table and floor. 

"I think we should run Kara!" Bethany shreiked but as she tried to move she found herself grabbed back. The orange Karaylan was decetively fast and had formed a long appendage from his body which was now wrapped around Bethany's arm and the other had grabbed Kara. The slime limb wrapped around her arm felt warm, wet and sticky and whilst Bethany didn't really want to be here she did concede it was a nice sensation. 

As the girls vainly struggled to get away from the aliens who now held them both with limbs wrapped around both thier arms the green one spoke "Crok close the bar. We have spies. You were foolish to let spies in. You will be punished. First we deal with perverted human spies." 

With this the Reptilian barman looking very worried shut and locked the bar door and then ran through a door behind the bar. 

"Let us go now or you will regret it!" Barked Kara as she contined to struggle but even her ninja training was useless in escaping the slimy, liquid like limbs of the Karaylan as more limbs were formed and gripped her legs. 

"Silence human pervert. You will now be tortured. We know how humans work. Push you to pleasure limit. You will break. Realise how sick you are." The alien leader said as further limbs grew from it's slimy body and receached out for Kara's body.

Bethany had given up trying to fight the orange blob holding her at the mention of being pushed to the 'pleasure limit', this she thought sounded intruiging and she had to admit the feeling of the slimy jelly limbs around her arms and legs was nice and wondered what they would feel like elsewhere on or in her body. She quickly found out as the orange blob pulled her into it.

Bethany couldn't believe what was happening as her entire body was pulled into the jelly body of the creature. It was an amazing feeling like slipping into a steaming hot bath. However as it continued to suck her in, she realised it was going to take in head in as well and she began to panic, trying to force herself free as she didn't want to drown inside an alien slug. With a final tug Bethany head and blonde hair was sucked into the Karaylan, she tried to hold her breath but failed and the creature's body began to actually slide into her mouth and down her throat. She started to gag but then realised that the jelly must contain a lot of air and it was actually allowing her to breath. So she opened her mouth wide and began gulping the tangy tasting jelly down as she began to relax and enjoy the wonderful sensation of being inside this alien. 

Looking over she noticed Kara was also obviously enjoying herself trapped in the alien. The tanned ninja had removed her bikini and her big, juicy breasts were quite obviously being forcibly massaged by the green blob. Not wanting to be left out Bethany managed to move her arm enough to pull off her bikini. The slug took the hint and she began to feel a surprising amount of pressure all around her chest. Somehow the alien was able to exert a particuarly large amount on her hard nipples. And as Bethany had discovered any stimulation on her nipples sent shockwaves straight to her cunt. So she pulled her g-string off and was surprised to see that around her pussy the orange alien goo was mixing with her creamy juices that had begun seeping out of her. 

This thought along with all others vanished from her mind as the blob took advantage of her now naked cunt and arsehole. The jelly began sliding up both holes and unlike that which filled her mouth and throat wasn't passive. It swirled around, pressing against every inch of her insides, slipping up her to fill her womb and rectum. As with so many times already on the holiday Bethany felt a monstrous orgasm building. The constant pressure on her tits and in both holes was incredibly erotic and Bethany closed her eyes as the first high hit. 

Kara was enjoying the same experience and was thrashing about inside the green slug as it exerted a particuarly large amount of pressure on her arsehole so that it stretched and filled it in an ugly but intensely pleasureable manner. Bethany was recovering from the her first orgasm and knew she wanted more when she was surprised by the alien beginning to slide over to the other one. Kara had also cum and the two girls looked at each other confused as the two karaylans slid closer and closer together.

The slugs touched and to the girls immense surprise began to merge into one greeny orange blob. Within seconds Kara and Bethany were both floating in the same jelly sea and the two aroused girls new what they had to do. Bethany and Kara slid their bodies together, arms wrapping around each others bodies, legs entwinning and mouths slipping over each others. Bethany was surprised at how cold Kara's flesh felt compared to the aliens but it was a nice comparision and Bethany took great pleasure in running her hands over Kara's big melons that she'd been lusting over all day. 
