 The Adventures of Bethany Starglider

Part Five - The Journey Home

To Bethany's dismay the holiday was over. She'd done lots of exciting things but the main attraction had been regularly fucking Sarha and Kara, sometimes at the same time. Bethany was quite amazed that of five friends three would turn out to be such sluttish bisexuals. She'd hoped Lara and Emily could be turned as well but despite her many attempts both they cunts were still a mystery to her, well maybe next time she thought.

They had left several days ago and Sarha had already dropped off Lara, Emily and Kara on route. Within a day Bethany would be back in boring old London without Sarha or Kara and she wasn't happy. She moped around the ship, a sullen look on her face, wishing that the holiday could've gone on forever. 

She began to work her back to the bridge hoping that Sarha could leave the ship on autopilot for a while and that they could have some last minute fun. As Bethany passed one of the many mirrors in the corridor she checked herself out, making sure she looked just perfectly saucy for Sarha.

Of course I do, she thought. She did look great and so much better than when she left London. Her blonde hair fell in long full tresses round her shoulders unlike her the old, plain style she used to wear it in. Her full lips were painted in bright red and her beautiful eyes were brightly highlighted yet before she'd rarely worn any makeup. But most of all her clothes had changed. Gone were the long dresses and trouser suits, today she wore black and red PVC mini-skirt, obviously without anything underneath, a matching bikini and the thigh high, black boots that she'd become very attached to. 

Bethany managed to pull herself away from the mirror and continued towards the bridge, sure that her appearance would get Sarha excited. She walked into the large bridge of the ship, it's computers humming away and doing most of the work allowing Sarha to sit lazily in her large, leather pilot's chair. Bethany walked up to her friend and felt herself clench her thighs together as she took in Sarha's body. 

The breasty blonde was wearing a tight dress made of Acardian Spider Silk, the material was incredibly strong and durable but silky and almost completely transparent. As Sarha had as much an aversion to underwear as Bethany this meant Bethany could see every curve and bump of beautiful friend.

"Sarha darling you look just too good." Bethany said as she erotically licked her lips.

"As do you my PVC clad sex kitten." Sarha answered, her eyes look up and down Bethany with a wicked grin on her face.

Suddenly a huge explosion filled the air and the ship violently shock. Bethany let out a little yelp before dropping into the co-pilot seat next to Sarha how was already thumping controls on the ship's panels.

"What's going on?" Bethany asked trying not the let the panic she was feeling slip into her voice.

"Someone just fired at us. No major damage but I don't think that will be all." Sarha said.

Bethany sat back feeling a little useless, Sarha had shown her a few of the basic ship functions but she just didn't know what to do in a situation like this. Sarha however did know and Bethany watched her with more than a little pleasure and pride as her sexy, cool and calm lover tried to bring the situation under control.

"Shit!" Sarha swore as a little of her calm seemed to vanish.

"What is it?" asked Bethany.

"The ship that fired at us is a Shark Class Battlecrusier."

"That's bad?" Bethany asked, already knowing the answer.

"Oh yeah. It's about 20 times bigger than The Dominator as well as faster, better armed and usually full of blood thirsty marines. I've managed to evade it for now but that won't last." Sarha answered.

"Who's is it? Why are they trying to kill us?" Bethany said as there was another explosion towards the rear of the ship.

"I don't know. I can't get a reading on it's identification but it doesn't seemed to be from any major government. Pirates maybe? Or mercenaries. You haven't pissed off anyone have you baby?" Sarha said.

"I don't think so." Bethany answered, hoping Sarha couldn't tell see was blatantly lying. Both the Karaylans and probably the Xithor would be mighty pissed at her.

"Didn't think so. It's probably me they're after, I've certainly upset enough people." Sarha said.

Yet another explosion hit, bigger than before and was quickly followed by a series of much smaller ones. Bethany could see smoke pouring from the corridors leading to the back.

"That's the engines I'm afraid baby. We're floating now." Sarha said as she stood up.

"What are they going to do now?" Bethany said following Sarha out the bridge, "And where are we going?"

"They blew the engines, if they wanted us dead we would be by now. They're going to board us, so we'd better go and meet them."

"But I don't want to meet them." Bethany begged, as she got more and more scared.

"Stop being a little baby Bethany." Sarha said as she continued to stride down the corridor.

Bethany was now nearly running to keep up and wishing the stupid holiday had never happened. "Is there going to be a fight?" She asked.

"No hopefully not. I don't think we could win." Sarha answered.

The two girls rounded the last corner before the airlock and were surprised to see it already open and leading to the battlecrusier.

"We go through?" Bethany asked stopping before the airlock.

"Of course." Sarha answered.

"I can't go to my bedroom and hide?" Bethany said, feeling very pathetic.

"No." Sarha said as she walked through the airlock.

Bethany giving up all hope ever of seeing next week followed her through. The expected barrage of laser blasts never materialised and Bethany stood next to next to Sarha staring around the apparently empty cargo hold the airlock had led to. Large crates and boxes covered much of the floor of the massive room, whilst small piles of equipment, spare parts and even ground vehicles covered the rest but none of the battlecrusiers crew could be seen.

"Shouldn't we just turn around?" Bethany asked, a little hope returning.

"No." Sarha just managed to say before the room erupted in action. From behind the crated and equipment about 30 pirates suddenly appeared. All carried a large assortment of weapons, all of which were pointed at the girls. Bethany just about managed to stop herself from wetting herself when she realised all of them were girls, none older than about 35, all stunningly attractive with sexy toned bodies, beautiful faces and amazingly revealing clothes. Whilst she realised they were probably about to kill her, it would certainly ruin any chance of ever fucking them if she pissed herself. Unless they were really kinky that is.

A few seconds past and again no laser filled death arrived so Bethany began looking around at the pirates, smiling sweetly and trying to look sexy and unthreatening. Sarha however looked much more tense and Bethany was a more than a bit concerned.

"What's wrong Sarha?" Bethany whispered out the corner of her mouth.

"I think I know where we are." 

"Where?" Bethany demanded.

But before Sarha could reply several of the pirates parted and allowed a women through. She was obviously the leader and one of the most stunning women Bethany had ever seen. Slightly older than her and Sarha, in her mid-thirties with exquisite carved features that made her look refined, powerful and in total control. She also had a divine body with two special features, firstly the most pert and gigantic tits Bethany had ever seen and secondly long, bright green hair. Bethany had never seen hair like that, it didn't look dyed and she guessed that the woman's ancestry wasn't entirely human. The woman wore a delightfully tiny leather mini-skirt, leather boots and elbow length gloves and a tiny leather crop top. She looked like some kind of wicked dominatrix and Bethany just wanted to be her slave.

"Welcome to The Fruity Lady." The woman spoke in sultry yet powerful voice "It's a pleasure to meet you Bethany Starglider." Bethany gasped, how did this woman know her name. "And Sarha, it's wonderful to see you again." Bethany gasped again, how was this woman and how did Sarha know her?

                   **********

Bethany paced from one end of the small holding cell to the other and then back again. She'd been doing this for over an hour now. Her initial questions had been answered in a lengthy monologue from the sexy pirate captain as she and Sarha and stood in the cargo hold. It turned out the woman was Yala Kira, a renowned pirate and pleasingly an infamous lesbian, hence the all woman crew/harem. Sarha, after she first left Earth had attracted the fancy of Yala, who took her on as her apprentice, lover(Bethany had felt her jealousy return when she heard this) and eventual successor. Sarha had learned well, too well and after a particularly good raid had taken off with all the loot which she'd then used to buy The Dominator. This had obviously pissed off Yala who had been tracking Sarha ever since.

The monologue had finished about there but things had taken a turn for the worst. In her first act of revenge Yala had had The Dominator blown up as Sarha watched. Then ordered her and Bethany taken to the holding cell.

Once alone in the cell Sarha had collapsed in sobs over the destruction of her ship and even now lay on the hard cell bed, crying over the ship. Bethany had tried to consol her but didn't achieve much and when she tried to point out that they had to escape or more than likely be killed Sarha ignored her. So she'd taken to the pacing to come up with a plan. Unfortunately being a nerdy girl from London turned interstellar slut she didn't know a lot about prison breaks and until Sarha recovered there didn't seem to be a lot Bethany could do about it. 

The cell door suddenly opened and Bethany turned to see two of the stunning amazon space pirates standing with laser pistols pointed at her.

"You are to come with us." The taller, blonde pirate said.

"I'd come with you anytime honey." Bethany purred hoping at best to distract the guards with her ample charms.

"Don't try it on. I eat little girls like you for breakfast." Answered the other, brunette guard, both guards laughed and grabbed Bethany out the cell pulling her down the corridor.

"Hey what about Sarha?" Bethany asked.

"You shouldn't worry about her. Yala's going to look after her real good." The guards laughed again.

                 ***********

Bethany had been dragged by the two guards into the ship's large lounge. Many of the pirates were standing or sitting about, talking or eating and all looked around at her as she was pushed into the centre of the room. Yala then appeared at the back of the room and walked towards Bethany, the two guards let go of her and dropped back to the rest of the group. 

"Bethany, Bethany. Such a beautiful name for such a beautiful girl." Yala spoke and was standing right in front of Bethany now, she could smell her sweet perfume and sense her powerful presence. Bethany was going weak at the knees and damp in the pussy.

"Now Bethany..." Yala began as her leather gloved hand reached up and began stroking Bethany's face, "I've a little proposition for you. You 're young, fit, intelligent and terribly sexy." As she said this Yala's hand dropped to Bethany's large PVC clad breasts and slowly began squeezing.

"Me? Sexy?" Bethany managed to whimper, as now both Yala's hands clasped over her tits and little flashes of pleasure exploded over her body.

"Oh yes Bethany. You should feel me, I'm so wet right now. And so many of my girls want to fuck you." 

A murmur of agreement went around the room and Bethany could feel herself go bright red and worse a little trickle of honey dripped from under her skirt down her leg. Several of the pirates noticed it and started giggling, Bethany got even redder.

"So Bethany you see we all want you to join us. You'd make a perfect crew member. And of course since Sarha left, my bed's not been as full and I love you to take her place. So will you join me Bethany?"

Bethany just stared at the domineering green haired goddess who was currently expertly fondling her tits. How could she turn down a life of constant sex with a crew of beautiful women even if it did mean abandoning her best friend to certain death?

                 ************

Since Bethany had been dragged away, Sarha had began to recover a little, embarressed at her emotional collapse. It was only a ship after all, even if it had been an amazing machine. A little tear rolled down her face at the thought of The Dominator but quickly wiped it away determined to get out of the cell, rescue Bethany and get away from the psychotic bitch Yala. 

Sarha had left her for a reason, Yala was a great pirate and an amazing fuck but she'd tried to control Sarha's life like she did all her crew but Sarha was too strong willed to accept that and left. But Yala had always been a little unbalanced and maybe running away the way she did wasn't such a good idea, it had obviously upset her and now her actions had put Bethany in danger.

Sarha, now fearful for what hideous torture Yala was putting her darling Bethany through, began to examine the door lock hopeful that she could crack it. She was still playing around with it when the door opened. Sarha figured this was her chance and she got ready to pounce on whoever walked in. But before anyone enter a small dart flew through the open door and hit Sarha. Shocked she knew it was poisoned as she began to feel consciousness slipping away and she collapsed on the floor. The last thing she saw before passing out were a pair of black stiletto boots enter the cell.

                 ***********

Sarha opened her eyes, she had no idea how long she'd been asleep but she obviously wasn't in the cell anymore. She appeared to be tied down flat on some sort of metal table. Her arms we're tied above her head to the tables corners with two tight plasteel cords. Her legs were also tied to the table's other two corners meaning they were spread wide and completely revealing her cunt. This was made worse by the fact someone had removed her spider silk dress and she was totally naked.

She began to look around the room and become very unhappy. The bare metal walls of the room were covered in a huge variety of torture implements and weapons. To make things worse each had obviously been used recently and not cleaned. So this is how Yala was going to get her revenge, Sarha thought, I just hope Bethany isn't getting the same treatment.

"Damn you Yala!" She said, anger welling up inside her.

"Don't say that about the mistress Sarha, that's wrong." The voice came from behind Sarha's head and she couldn't turn so see who it was. It was an unfamiliar voice, female, soft and slightly odd, Sarha wondered who it could be.

"Where is the bitch? I want to talk to her!" Sarha demanded, wanting nothing more than to kick Yala's arse.

"Oh don't worry Sarha, the mistress will be here soon. And if things go well your little friend Bethany will be with her too. But the mistress has ordered me to entertain you for a bit before she arrives. So I think you and I are going to have some fun." The voice said. 

Sarha didn't know what she meant about Bethany but at least it sounded like she wasn't being hurt. The mysterious speaker then walked into view. She looked like the rest of the pirates, young, toned and attractive. But whilst Sarha fancied most of the lesbian amazons this one scared her. She had a crazed unhinged look on her pretty face and was clearly not sane. Her curvy body was covered in a leather corset which her tits were tumbling out of it the top, a small leather thong that vanished into her cunt and between her arse cheeks and a pair of stiletto leather boots and the girls dull blonde hair was tied up in a bun held together by three long metal spikes. A look Sarha would normally adore but on this girl looked twisted.

"You look a little scared Sarha. Please don't be. The mistress has trained me well and I promise soon you will be begging for more. I will make you come again and again." The twisted girl said.

Sarha was surprised, Yala's tastes had obviously got even darker and more twisted. Whatever Sarha didn't want to give this girl or Yala the pleasure of seeing her break, so she promised herself that she wouldn't scream or for that matter come.

"I think Sarha that I'll begin. Oh. By the way my name is Pain. Such a silly name. Hee hee." The girl giggled in a bizarre way that sent shivers down Sarha's spine.

The first hit came suddenly, Pain had quietly grabbed a whip and slapped it down across Sarha's breasts. She wanted to cry out but just stopped herself. A second, third, forth hit followed. Her tits were marked bright red now. Her nipples stinging with pain. She bit her lip and refused to scream.

Then the fifth strike came but this one Pain aimed at her spread cunt. The leather whip smashed hard against her opening and Pain had aimed perfectly so that the whip flicked several inches into her. Sarha felt something that was at first pain but turned to pleasure and despite her best efforts she let out a small moan. She knew she'd failed.

"So quickly you break Sarha. Now we have fun." Pain giggled as she whipped Sarha's cunt a second and third time.

The next strike again hit Sarha's vagina and this time she came, only a small climax but one that was so different and so exciting for Sarha. She wanted to stop it, knowing this was what Yala wanted but she simply didn't care.

Pain laughed again as Sarha's whole body shock with her orgasm. "Now just lay back and enjoy yourself Sarha. I've only just begun."

As she spoke the deranged pirate had reached out and grabbed a pair of clamps from her stock of equipment. With one hand rubbing against Sarha's flat stomach, the black painted nails digging into her flesh and leaving a thin trial of blood, Pain attached the clamps to Sarha's nipples. The sudden pain on her hyper-sensitive nipples was awful and Sarha screamed.

"No. Don't scream yet little one. I've not even turned them on yet!" Pain said as she now dug her nails into the firm flesh of Sarha's tits, again drawing blood.

Then without warning Pain tapped a button on top of each of the clamps and electricity began flowing between the teeth of the clamps and hence through Sarha's nipples. She yelped at the sudden shock but the gentle pain then began getting her excited.

Sarha began moaning as the electricity stimulated her, her juices again freely flowing. Without warning Pain returned to her whipping. As the whip struck Sarha would scream, between blows she moaned as the pleasure and pain flowed through her. 

Pain's hits were harder than before and though concentrated on her cunt and tits, struck all over her body. Sarha's flesh quickly became red raw and then began to tear. But Pain would not let up and soon with blood dripping from a hundred small wounds Sarha orgasmed again. This time however with the continuing electric shock and whip blows she kept cumming. She screamed louder then ever before wanting it all to stop yet also wanting it to continue forever.

After several minutes and a hundred more whip blows Sarha finally passed out, her mind overwhelmed by constant orgasm created by pain.

              ************

"No!" Bethany said firmly.

"Why? Bethany why?" a shocked Yala said as her gloved hands began to squeeze much harder, painfully even, on Bethany's breasts, crushing her erect nipples through the PVC top.

"I won't abandon Sarha. I love her, I can't leave her!" Bethany said, slightly surprising herself, she hadn't realised how close she was to her best friend.

"Then Bethany I'm afraid you must die." Yala said as she released Bethany's tits and took a step backward.
