 For those of you just joining us, this is the tale of Hillary Trenton, once an ordinary, run-of-the-mill, stunningly beautiful archaeologist, until an incident involving gamma rays changed her! Now, Hillary fights crime as the super-powered (and super-cocked) heroine known as Futa-Girl! With her trusty friend Sue Christensen backing her up from a secret lair underneath Hillary's mansion, Futa-Girl has battled the likes of Dr. Heinous and Lady Hypnotica! But, dear readers, today, Futa-Girl must do battle with perhaps her most troublesome foe, her one true weakness! How will Futa-Girl survive? Well, dear reader, all you have to do is read this exciting installment of The Adventures of Futa-Girl!

* 

"Oh fuck!"

Hillary Trenton moaned as she pumped her hips, the buxom blonde archaeologist ramming her rock-hard, throbbing she-prick deep into the mouth and throat of her friend, fellow scientist Sue Christensen. Below Hillary, sue moaned in pleasure as she madly fingered her cunt while a massive girlcock was slammed down her throat, the raven-haired woman cumming all over herself as Hillary's warm precum dripped down her throat.

"Oh shit! Here it comes!" Hillary groaned, face-fucking Sue as her cock began to throb, cum beginning to make its way from her alien gland to her cock, slowly inching its way up her bucking shaft.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming! I'M CUMMING!!!"

Hillary thrust her hips forward once more, ramming her entire cock into Sue's mouth and throat, the scientist's eyes bugging out as Hillary's monster prick erupted directly into her throat, filling Sue's belly with hot cum.

"Grmmlpf!!!" Sue screamed, cumming from the sheer sensation of hot cum rocketing into her stomach.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming so much!" Hillary moaned, involuntarily humping Sue's face as her cock spat shot after shot of hot cum into Sue's throat. "Oh god!"

"Haah...aaah...oh yeah..." Hillary moaned, slowly extracting her now-spent cock from Sue's mouth.

"Hillary..." Sue whispered weakly. Hillary looked down, her cock instantly hardening again at what she saw.

"My...my pussy...I need it..." Sue moaned, spreading her pussy lips for Hillary to see.

"Well, how could I resist an invitation like that?" Hillary smirked, kneeling down, lining up the top of her cock, already generously lubricated from the power-throat-fucking she had just given Sue, with Sue's weeping pussy. "Hope you're ready for my cock, Sue!"

"Ohhhh...I'm ready...shove it in..." Sue moaned as Hillary ground the tip of her cock against the entrance to Sue's pussy. "Take that huge fucking cock and ram it all the way in...I can take it..."

Hillary grunted as she complied, shoving her throbbing girlcock deep into Sue's tight cunt.

"Oh fuck! You're so tight!" Hillary moaned. "Even with my super strength, I can barely make it all the way in!"

Sue probably didn't hear Hillary, however, as Hillary's monster meat suddenly entering and completely filling her made Sue cum so hard she briefly passed out, before quickly waking up to the most filling, pleasurable feeling since...well, since the last time Hillary had hilted within her syrupy depths.

"It's amazing," Hillary said as she pumped Sue full of her thick cockmeat. "I've fucked you dozens of times by now, and even though my cock is way thicker than average, you're always so tight, every single time! I wonder why that is?"

"Ah! Mmmmhhh! Ooooohhh!!!" Sue responded, cumming over and over again, her pussy gushing juices all over Hillary's cock as it drilled her depths.

"Well, I guess we'll talk about this when you're less...occupied," Hillary smirked. "Fuck, fucking you feels so good, Sue..."

Hillary reached forward and placed a firm hand around each of Sue's large breasts, rubbing and massaging them as she fucked Sue's pussy.

"Ah! My-my tits!" Sue moaned.

"You like that, Sue?" Hillary asked as she continued her assaults on Sue's tits and cunt. "You like it when I rub your huge jugs? Oh, shit, here it comes...Sue, get ready..."

"Do it!" Sue screamed.

Hillary could feel her shaft swell in anticipation as she inched closer and closer to climax. "Where do you want it?" Hillary asked.

"Outside! Cum outside!" Sue moaned. "Cover me in your cum! Do it! Fuck!!!"

Sue writhed underneath Hillary as she came yet again, her cunt clamping down on Hillary's throbbing shaft. Hillary felt something begin to work its way up her cock.

"It's coming!" Hillary moaned. "I'm...I'm..."

Hillary quickly extracted her cock from Sue's cummy pussy, Sue cumming yet again as Hillary's cock exited her body. Removing her hands from Sue's tits, Hillary began to stroke her cock, pumping her hips as well, thrusting her cock into her hands, slick from Sue's ample pussy juices.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!!!" Hillary moaned, cum surging up her cock, erupting outward, hosing Sue down liberally with her hot, sticky seed.

"Oh, fuck yes! Cum all over me!" Sue moaned, one hand flying down to her clit and the other to her breast, Sue rubbing one off as Hillary coated her stomach, chest and face with hot, sweet cum.

"Haaah...oh, fuck..." Hillary moaned as she stroked the last few shots of cum out of her cock, looking down to admire her handiwork. Sue writhed on the floor, covered in Hillary's pearly-white spunk.

"Oh god...I'm totally covered in cum..." Sue moaned.

"Hmmm..." Hillary said, positioning herself over Sue once more, planting a kiss on the lips of her friend, tasting her own sweet cum in the process. "Let me help you get that off..."

As Hillary helped Sue lick herself clean, her cock started to rise again. Due to the strange, alien nature of her powers, Hillary could get hard and cum as much as she wanted, but at a price.

"Mmmh...your cum tastes so good, Hillary," Sue moaned, licking her fingers clean. "And it looks like you're already ready to go another round..."

Just then, Hillary and Sue were roused from their horniness by a loud, shrill alarm that echoed throughout the mansion.

"The crime alarm!" Sue gasped.

"Quick, to the lair!" Hillary shouted, the two running off, totally nude, Hillary's cock bouncing between her legs. Approaching a bookcase, Hillary pulled a book halfway out, the bookcase swinging aside to reveal a secret staircase. Descending down the weathered stone steps, Hillary and Sue entered Hillary's secret lair, a cavernous room, mostly empty save for a small trophy area, a giant crime computer, and a glass case containing...well, nothing, since Hillary just removed the contents.

Hillary quickly got dressed, putting on thigh-high heeled boots, gloves, a domino mask to conceal her identity, and a sleeved singlet with holes for her cleavage and, of course, her cock. Donning a cape as the final touch, Hillary was one hundred percent ready to fight crime as Futa-Girl.

"What is it?" the now-ready Futa-Girl asked her still-naked friend and assistant.

"Looks like a bank robbery," Sue replied, looking intently at the giant screen of the crime computer. "Check out the security camera footage."

Futa-Girl stepped toward the crime computer to get a closer look. "Three women, wearing ski masks," Futa-Girl said. "This footage is kind of grainy, but they don't look too bad at all. This looks like a job for Futa-Girl!"

"Oh, Hil-I mean, Futa-Girl, you'd better be careful," Sue said, spinning around in her chair to face Futa-Girl. "You just came twice, and you know that the more you cum, the weaker you get. Now, I'm not about to tell you that you shouldn't fuck those women, because they obviously need to be taught a lesson about breaking the law, but I'm just saying be careful and make sure that they can't get the jump on you, if you do end up cumming any more and getting weakened."

"Sue, don't worry about me," Futa-Girl chuckled. "I think I can take care of a few robbers just fine."

***********************************

Futa-Girl approached the scene of the crime. Observing the police cars covering the entrance to the bank, Futa-Girl touched down out back. Quietly entering in through the back door, Futa-Girl took stock of the situation.

"Shit! The cops are here!"

Futa-Girl saw three ski-masked women arguing amongst themselves, all three holding rather fat burlap sacks, overflowing with cash.

"What do we do, Becky?" one of the women asked another.

"Relax, Monica," Becky replied. "I only heard sirens going off at the front. We can still sneak out the back."

"Oh, I wouldn't try that if I were you, girls. You see, the back of the bank's covered as well. By me."

All three robbers turned to the source of the noise, gasping and dropping their sacks of money as they saw who had just uttered those words.

"It's Futa-Girl!" Monica yelped. "Crystal, what do we do?"

"Why are you asking me for?" the third girl, Crystal, replied, sounding panicked. "I'm not the leader here!"

"Well, I'm not!" Monica replied.

"Neither am I!" Becky yelped.

"Ah-hem," Futa-Girl cleared her throat, the three robbers ceasing their bickering to once again behold the ultra-powerful, she-cocked avenger who had put a serious crimp in their plans. "Are you girls going to give yourselves up, or do I have to throw you in a jail cell myself?"

For a moment, all three women stared at Futa-Girl. Then, Crystal had an idea.

"Quick, girls!" she shouted, dashing off. "Follow me!"

Monica and Becky followed Crystal as the three ran into the open bank vault. After all three had entered, Crystal began to close the massive, thick steel door.

"Let's see Futa-Girl break through-huh?"

Just as Crystal was about to completely close the vault door, a gloved hand darted forth, halting the giant door in its tracks.

"Nice try, Crystal," Futa-Girl grinned. "But, I'm much, much stronger than you."

"St-stay back!" Crystal yelped, backing away from the door, cowering with her partners-in-crime as Futa-Girl entered the vault after her, our heroine closing the heavy door behind her.

"I do like your idea, Crystal," Futa-Girl grinned, slowly beginning to stroke her monster cock, noticing the three women starting to get weak at the knees as they were clearly getting aroused by Futa-Girl's thick prick. "This vault will give me some...privacy...while I teach you three a lesson."

"W-what are you going to do to us?" Monica gulped, biting her lip as she stared lustfully at Futa-Girl's throbbing erection.

"I think, by now in my crime-fighting career, with the kind of publicity I get, you three know damn well what I'm going to do to you," Futa-Girl replied seductively. "And I can tell by the way you're breathing, the way you're all biting your lips, that you want it almost as bad as I do. So, the real question here is, who's going to be first?"

"I-I'll go first," Monica said meekly, stepping forward. "I guess I'll get it over with..."

"Well, since you volunteered, what do you want?" Futa-Girl asked.

"Umm..." Monica replied, biting her lip. "C-can I...can I suck your cock? I-I love the taste of cock, and, well..."

"And you're wondering what a superhero's cock tastes like," Futa-Girl interjected. "Say no more and just get on your knees."

Monica complied, taking Futa-Girl's raging she-boner in hand. "I-it's so big..." Monica gasped, her panties becoming flushed as she slowly stroked Futa-Girl's monster cock. "Can I even get it in my mouth?"

"There's only one way to find out!" Futa-Girl grinned, thrusting her hips forward, ramming her thick cock into Monica's open mouth.

"MMMMPHH!!!" Monica screamed, panicking at first as Futa-Girl's throbbing prick forcefully entered her mouth. Relaxing herself, Monica began to suck on Futa-Girl's cock as our heroine pumped her hips, working more and more of her cock into Monica's mouth and throat, precum liberally lubricating Monica's tight passage.

Unbuttoning her pants with one hand, Monica reached in a pocket, pulling out a small vibrator. Moaning around Futa-Girl's cock, Monica turned the vibrator on and went to work on her clit, her pussy weeping juices as she stimulated her nethers while deep-throating Futa-Girl's massive cock.

"Oh fuck, your throat's so tight..." Futa-Girl moaned. "I'm gonna...gonna...gonna cum!!!"

Futa-Girl grabbed Monica's head and thrust her hips forward, slamming the entire length of her cockmeat into Monica's mouth and throat, moaning and gasping as she shot wad after wad of thick cum directly into Monica's throat. The robber moaned as well, cumming from her vibrator's manipulations as her belly was filled with hot cum.

"Aahhh..." Futa-Girl sighed, extracting her still-hard cock from Monica's face. "Who's next?"

"Me! I'm next!" Crystal shouted, rushing forward, pulling her pants down to reveal a pussy slick with juices.

"No! I am!" Becky spat, doing the same.

"Fuck me first, Futa-Girl!" the two robbers begged.

"Tell you what," Futa-Girl grinned. "How about I fuck you both at the same time? Get on your hands on knees, sluts."

The two women complied, their inviting pussies facing Futa-Girl.

"Which one to enter first?" Futa-Girl mused. "Eenie, meenie, miney...Crystal."

"Yesss! She picked me! Oh fuck!" Crystal moaned as Futa-Girl rammed her monster cock deep into Crystal's hot cunny.

"Fuck, your pussy's so tight!" Futa-Girl moaned, pounding away at Crystal until the woman came screaming all over Futa-Girl's throbbing prick.

"Fuck! I'm cumming!" Crystal moaned, her pussy spasming and tightening around Futa-Girl's cock, causing our heroine to moan even louder.

"Futa-Girl, make me cum too! Please!" Becky begged, madly fingering her pussy as she awaited Futa-Girl's monster cock.

Futa-Girl pulled her large fuckmeat out of Crystal's sloppy cunt and rammed it into Becky's, the woman moaning and cumming almost immediately as Futa-Girl invaded her tight cunt with her super cock.

"Oh fuck!" Futa-Girl moaned. "Fucking two girls at the same time is so fucking hot! I'm gonna cum!"

Quickly pulling her cock out of Becky's cummy cunt, Futa-Girl began stroking her throbbing erection, faster and faster as she approached climax.

"I'm cumming!!!" Futa-Girl yelled, lightning shooting up her cock as cum began to erupt out of her cock, quickly being stopped by the mouth of Monica, who had just finished recovering from getting throat fucked.

"Grmmlpf!" Monica groaned, sucking down Futa-Girl's hot, sweet cum, cumming without even touching herself, just from the taste of Futa-Girl's cum.

"Oh fuck!" Futa-Girl moaned. "You're drinking all of my cum...again!"

Licking her lips as she extracted herself from Futa-Girl's cock, Monica grinned through her ski mask at the masked superheroine. "That's the tastiest cum I've ever had!" she remarked.

"Well, I think you three have learned your lesson," Futa-Girl said, admiring her handiwork. "Now, it's time to turn you three in to the police."

"T-the police???" Monica stammered. "B-but...you taught us a lesson!"

"Yes, but you still broke the law, and you three will have a long time to contemplate that lesson, behind bars," Futa-Girl replied.

"Y-you bitch!" Monica shouted, rushing at Futa-Girl. Monica punched Futa-Girl in the stomach. To Futa-Girl's surprise, it hurt!

"Owww!" Futa-Girl groaned, doubling over in pain. "Th-that hurt!"

"I-it did?!?" Monica asked incredulously. "But you're...wait a second..."

The grin on Monica's face widened as she put two and two together. "Hey, girls," Monica called out to her partners-in-crime, "Futa-Girl here gets weaker the more she cums! Let's get her!"

The three girls ganged up on our heroine, punching and kicking her as Futa-Girl cowered, totally powerless to stop the three-on-one assault..

"Ow! Fuck! Back off!" Futa-Girl protested, but the criminals did not heed her cries.

Monica pushed Futa-Girl with her foot, our heroine hitting the wall with a soft thud.

"Hey, girls," Monica grinned. "Look! Futa-Girl really is a girl!

Futa-Girl's splayed legs gave the three criminals a good view of her pussy, still moist from the recent sexual encounters.

Holding up her vibrator, Monica walked toward Futa-Girl. "Now that you're helpless, Futa-Girl," Monica chuckled, "it's time to have some fun."

Inserting the buzzing appliance into Futa-Girl's pussy, Monica moved it around until Futa-Girl let out a gasp of pleasure, the vibrator locating Futa-Girl's most pleasurable spot.

"There we go!" Monica grinned, assaulting Futa-Girl's secret spot with her vibrator while stroking Futa-Girl's already-hardening cock.

Wh-what is this feeling? Futa-Girl thought, moaning in pleasure as both her cock and pussy were stimulated by the bank robber. I'm...it feels like I'm getting stronger? Is...is this because my pussy is being stimulated?

Futa-Girl moaned, the superheroine feeling power returning to her, slowly but surely.

"Turns out that this superhero is more like a super-ZERO!" Monica guffawed, her partners Crystal and Becky joining in on the derisive laughter.

"I'm cumming!" Futa-Girl moaned, unable to take any more. "My pussy is cumming!"

Futa-Girl moaned as an orgasm shot through her body, instantly energizing her. Reaching a hand out, Futa-Girl grabbed Monica's hair.

"Whuh?" Monica gasped, Futa-Girl effortlessly picking the would-be tormentor off of the ground by the head.

"Looks like I'm not so powerless after all," Futa-Girl smirked. "If only you hadn't played with my pussy..."

Forcefully throwing Monica to the ground, Futa-Girl tore the girl's pants off, revealing a sopping-wet pussy. Crystal and Becky backed off, fearful of the re-powered heroine.

"Look at this, Monica!" Futa-Girl exclaimed mockingly. "Your pussy's soaking wet! I bet you want my fat cock to teach you're a pussy a lesson, don't you?"

"Y-yes...p-please fuck my pussy..." Monica moaned.

"Now, why would I give you what you want after you beat me up and made me cum against my will?" Futa-Girl asked. "No, I think you need to be...punished."

"W-what are you doing?!?" Monica yelped in a panic as Futa-Girl spread Monica's asshole with her fingers, the superhero lining her rock-hard girlcock up with Monica's anus. "N-not there! You'll split me in two!"

"Here goes!" Futa-Girl shouted, shoving her cock directly into Monica's ass, the she-thief screaming as Futa-Girl's cock slowly but surely filled up her asshole.

"Oh god! It's so fucking huge! Your cock is filling up my ass!" Monica screamed. "Oh fuck! It feels so good! I'm cumming!"

Monica bucked on Futa-Girl's cock as she came, her pussy spilling juices all over the floor as Futa-Girl continued plowing her ass.

"Oh shit! Your ass is so fucking tight!" Futa-Girl moaned. "I'm gonna cum any second!!"

"Yes! Yes! Fuck my ass, Futa-Girl!" Monica screamed, bouncing happily around Futa-Girl's dick. "Fuck my ass and then fill it with your cum!"

"Oh god, when you say that..." Futa-Girl moaned. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming in your ass!!!"

Futa-Girl slammed her cock home, screaming in pleasure as she dumped load after load of hot cum into Monica's hot, tight ass. Monica screamed as she came yet again, her asshole filling up with Futa-Girl's cum.

Extracting her cock from Monica's ass, Futa-Girl smiled as her cum poured out of Monica's well-fucked asshole, pooling on the floor.

"Well, off to the police for you," Futa-Girl said, collaring Crystal and Becky as Monica laid on the floor, moaning, cum still leaking from her ass.

"W-wait a second," Becky said. "W-we know your weakness now, Futa-Girl!"

"Eh?" Futa-Girl replied. Oh no,she thought.

"I-if you turn us in," Becky continued, "we-we'll reveal that you get weaker the more your cock cums to the world!"

"Yeah!" Crystal shouted. "You have to let us go, or your secret weakness is out!"

"Well, fuck," Futa-Girl said glumly. "Can I trust you three to never, ever reveal my secret weakness?"
