 The next morning, before I left for Wilma's, Thelma made me stop, load that infernal grease gun and then squirt oodles of grease up into my ass. Once more I wasn't certain that she knew what she was doing, but I had no basis for an objection. 

As I approached the door of Wilma's Seamstress Shop, I couldn't help but be reminded of Thelma's closing remark as I left this morning. She had warned me that Wilma liked pain both for herself and for others. Still, after having said this, she did not try and stop me from going to see this woman. I glanced through the glass section of the door and I could not see anyone. Since Jesse had, in effect, made this appointment for me, I was sure that Wilma must be in the shop. I placed one hand upon the door and gave it a shove. It swung open easily.

As soon as I stepped inside, I felt the same subliminal pressure that I had experienced the day before at Jesse's. That worried me for I had seen the kind of influence Jesse was capable of exerting on others.

The front portion of the shop was empty, but I felt a pull towards the back of the shop. This portion was separated from the rest by a beaded curtain and, as I pushed this aside and stepped inside, I saw Wilma. There was a small table directly in front of me, but my attention was drawn to the figure awaiting me. She was sitting on a very ornate chair that gave every sign of being intended to represent a throne. Her head was thrown back, her back was stiff and straight and her legs were splayed open to each side of the chair seat. I judged her to be at least as old as I. Her body was thin -- almost skinny - and her tits had the appearance of an old woman's tits. They hung nearly to her waist. In just the few days that I had been associated with Leverton, I had seen a rather large number of female genitals, but Wilma's genitals provided me with a unique view. There was no hair anywhere on her mound or down the sides of her crotch. This gave me an uninhibited view of her genital lips and a slight view of the pink opening between them. Her outer pussy lips were extraordinarily large and very reddish in color. They looked to be swollen and I wondered how it must feel for someone to touch them. I couldn't help but stare at this uninhibited display of her sexual charms. I waited for her to speak, but no form of greeting was forthcoming.

For several minutes, we stared at one another. I gradually became more and more nervous so I began looking at the room where we faced one another. Very large plumes made of brightly colored strands of hair festooned the walls. Obviously, these were the horse's tails that Thelma had spoken about. For the life of me, I couldn't figure out how they were meant to be worn and how they would ever be held in place. I exhausted all that the room had to offer in terms of interesting items and then, in something akin to desperation, I glanced down at the table directly in front of me. There was a jar that held some kind of grease-like substance and two of the meanest looking devices I had ever seen. 

One of the devices was open so as to show the insides of these things. At the top of the device, there was an ornate ring and this was, in turn, attached to a screw apparatus. The second device presented a closed appearance so I immediately knew that these devices were constructed so that they could be opened more widely than their closed state. With the sides closed, the thing took on the approximate appearance of a pear. It was seven inches long and, at the widest part, a good three inches across. I stared at these two devices for the longest time as I wondered what their purpose was to be and how they were expected to affect me. All this while, Wilma had neither moved nor spoken.

I looked up at her and suddenly, her eyes captured mine and held them. It was much the same look that Jesse had given us the day before and I felt the onset of the same impulses that Jesse had transmitted to me. I knew that I was under the influence of this woman and all that I could do was to wait until I sensed what it was that she wanted of me. As I stood there, I felt something new and unexpected. I felt my pussy beginning to dampen. My sexual impulses were pushing me onward. A warm stream of pussy juice slowly worked its' way down the inside of my right leg. I hoped that this woman -- whatever she might be -- would not realize that I was as horny as I could possibly be.

Suddenly, I felt a massive desire to expose myself before this woman so I teasingly undid the buttons on my blouse. When the last button was undone and my blouse sagged open, I experienced a wild sexual sensation throughout my entire body. I pulled my shoulders back so that the jutting out of my tits would be even more emphasized than what their normal appearance provided. I shrugged my shoulders and my blouse fell off. I was smiling as I hooked my thumbs into the waist band of my kilt. It, too, soon joined my blouse on the floor at my feet. My sexual sense of urgency had reached a height that I had never known before and there was a frenzied hunger deep inside my belly that I had never known existed. I wondered if this alien woman was intent upon copulating with me and I was thunderstruck when I realized that I was hoping that this was her intent. I nearly said, 'Fuck me', but I held my silence. 

Without a serious thought, I reached out and picked up the jar that held the grease-like substance. Idly, my hand selected one of those infamous devices and, again without thinking, I began smearing grease all over its' sides. The device was made of metal and it was warm to the touch. I had unconsciously picked up the device that was still in the closed state. After it was thoroughly greased, I stood there looking at Wilma with that thing in my hands. With a blinding flash, I suddenly knew what I was to do.

The realization of what she was telling me to do raced through my consciousness. "OH, GOD! Not that!"

But, Wilma's unspoken insistence pushed me ever deeper into a degrading situation. Slowly, I bent forward until my tits were touching the table. I craned my neck so as to maintain eye contact with Wilma and, as if they possessed a mind of their own, my hands moved behind me. One hand was still holding that greased device and, as if I were an automaton, I began rubbing the rounded head of the device up and down the crack between my buttocks! After four or five passes along my open ass trough, the round head of the device -- somehow -- caught in my puckered hole! I stared up at Wilma with a silent plea in my eyes, but she was merely watching as the program she was directing progressed. I added my second hand on the top of the device and, with both hands, gave it a very timid push! Nothing happened except that I felt a slight increase of the pressure on my puckered hole. Another look at Wilma's face and I knew that she was not to be satisfied with this half-hearted effort. So, I pushed on the device a little harder. I knew, rather than felt, that my hole was beginning to open. A little more pressure and a centimeter of the tip of the device may have slipped through my hole. With still more pressure, another centimeter slid into my opening. It was a very strange tableau. Wilma sat there flashing her naked pussy and ass at me and I stared back at her while all the while pushing that terrible device ever deeper into my body.

So, it became a series of, 'Push' and, 'add' so that yet another centimeter of device slid inside of me. I was squirming with the pain that this awful thing was creating in my gut and I felt certain that it was slowly but inexorably splitting me wide open.

Push and add! Push and add! Push and add! And, so it went until I was suddenly faced with an inescapable fact. I had pushed that lousy device completely into my ass! I could feel the small shield on the handle of the device that signified that it would go no further. I stopped pushing and, with a certain amount of self satisfaction, I looked up at Wilma. My belly immediately clenched at what I knew she was directing me to do.

She was telling me to fuck myself with this unholy device!

I hesitated for what seemed to be an inordinately long time before, once more, sliding both hands around to my ass. I took hold of the top of the device and began a slow withdrawal of it from my ass. Surprisingly, it slid along my ass channel rather easily. Somehow, I knew that I was not to remove it entirely so I held it with just a portion of that rounded head still inside my ass hole. I must have hesitated too long for I sensed Wilma directing me to begin the fucking movements. I balanced myself by placing my left hand on top of the table and then began pushing my tormenting device back into my ass channel. This inward stoke was, like the outward stroke, easier than the first one, so, when I once more knew that the entire weapon was in me, I increased the speed with which I withdrew it. Two more cycles and my speed had notably increased. I was no longer seeing Wilma's face and eyes although I was still staring in her direction. My whole concentration had become centered upon the sensations I was deriving from fucking my ass! By this time, my speed of thrusting and pulling back had attained the speed of a male who was fucking me with his penis. I was so rapt in the sensations that were now flooding my guts that I lost all contact with Wilma. So, her sudden appearance next to my head came as a complete surprise. 

She was holding a mirror so that I could see the expression on my face. If my expression had been one of delight, I would not have been too surprised, but, it wasn't that at all. I saw a face that I could hardly recognize. It was the face of a wild demon with a gaping mouth that exhibited a row of blood-covered teeth. The eyes were wild and mean looking and I thought, for just a moment, that I was staring into the face of the devil!

Wilma withdrew the mirror after I had studied my frenzied visage. I knew that something was happening to me, but I did not know what it was. With an abrupt motion, Wilma drove the second device into my pussy!

"OH! OH! Aaaaahhhhh!"

That sudden penetration of my pussy -- the single thrust up into my pussy channel -- was just enough for me to climax. I could no longer hold my head up and it fell sharply onto the table. When I once more regained my senses, I found myself standing outside of Wilma's place of business, holding my few items of clothing in my arms. I stood there while the business traffic of Leverton went on around me. None of the people who walked by me appeared to pay me the least bit of attention. I was still reeling from the effects of that massive orgasm. Somehow, I found myself entering the establishment next to Wilma's. It was the laundry run by the Wongs.

As I stepped inside the door, Mr. Wong came forward to meet me. To this day, I do not know what possessed me, but, before he could offer any greetings, I thrust my hand under his kilt and took a firm hold on his penis. For just a moment, my sudden movement caught him by surprise. I had no idea what to say as we stood there. Then, as I pulled his penis out from under his kilt, I found my voice. I dropped my clothing, pushed him to the floor and said,

"Feed my beast!"

His penis was fully erect and was sticking up from his crotch. I took hold of it once more, swung a leg over his hips and guided that most wonderful of all implements into my open pussy! One swift downward movement was all it took for I was still wide open from the effects of Wilma's dastardly device. I wanted to be fucked in the worst way and I was not about to let this male and his penis get out from under me until I was completely satisfied. I rode him in the most violent way! In fact, I rode him so violently that both he and I were puffing as we attempted to get our breath. I became vaguely aware of the presence of another. I looked up to see and recognize the female I thought to be the wife of the druggist. She, like me, was stark naked except for some kind of contraption she had strapped around her hips. Protruding from this was the biggest, blackest dildo I had ever seen. She did not hesitate for even a second. She positioned herself behind me and, almost immediately, she impaled me on that dildo. Just weeks before this, I would have fought like a wild lioness to avoid what was being done to me. Not now! Instead, I arched my back even more so she could penetrate my ass to the maximum extent possible!

In no time, the woman and I had established the rhythm of our fucking exercise. When I rode down upon Mr. Wong's penis, she drove into me and then, when I pulled up, she slid her dildo part of the way out of my ass. It was a heavenly sensation and, when I began orgasming, my eyes dimmed and I was totally concentrated upon the thrust of a penis in my pussy and the corresponding thrust of the dildo in my ass. I think I screamed as wave after wave of orgiastic fervor swept over me. Once my orgasm had spent most of its' energy in my belly, I slowly sank down upon Mr. Wong's belly and penis. My female assistant, however, was not to be denied. She quickly took hold of my hips and rolled me over to one side.

"Get off of him, bitch! My beast needs feeding, too!"

As she was saying this, she quickly swung a leg over Mr. Wong's prostrate body and, with an experienced gesture, guided his penis into her glistening pussy. She was so wet that she left a small puddle of pussy juice upon the floor where she had been crouching. I lay there for some time just watching that penis come out and then sink back into her pussy. Neither one of them paid me the least bit of notice. Finally, I heard her utter a huge sigh and she sank down upon that lovely penis until she was sitting upon Mr. Wong's belly. I knew that their show was over so I rose, gathered up my bits of clothing and left for Thelma's house. Once more, I was struck by the lack of attention that I garnered as I walked along the street totally naked. What's more, I was extremely surprised at myself -- a middle-aged female and a nun to boot - parading along the main street of a small town with not a stitch of clothing on her back!

Thelma, as usual, was sitting on her porch as I approached.

"Thought you were never going to make it back before dark. Where have you been and what's happened. You look like a mess!"

I eased myself down into the other chair and began a description of my day. I had to constantly shift my position in the chair for the feeling in my ass had returned with a vengeance and I was aching all the way up to my shoulders. Or, so it seemed. Thelma did not seem to notice my discomfort and she kept on urging me to tell her more. 

"Thelma, there was a couple of things that happened that were really strange and I've already told you some of the strangest parts. When I left Wilma's shop, I needed...er.. I wanted...oh, hell! I wanted to be fucked in the worst way! So I went next door to the laundry and ....well, I grabbed Mr. Wong's penis and almost literally threw him to the floor. That was strange enough in its' own right, but, at the same time, I yelled at him that, and I'm quoting, I wanted him to, 'Feed My Beast!' What do you think of that?"

Thelma was smiling and as I looked at her, she began to laugh.

"That means, Maggie that in a very short time you have completely awakened the beast in your belly that I spoke of. How in hell did you ever make it through the convent school and then your tasks as a nun?"

"I prayed a lot."

"That's not all because just praying won't satisfy the beast. What else did you do?"

"Well, I usually prayed while I was lying on my stomach. I discovered that, by pulling my habit up tightly between my legs and rolling a little on the floor, I could eventually get some relief."

"Thanks Maggie for telling me how it was. I halfway expected you to lie to me. So, your beast has always slept just below your consciousness and these few days of what your sisters would call, 'wild sexual activity' have been enough to bring that beast to life. Maggie, recall that I told you about the expression, 'Are you looking for a friend'?" I nodded and she continued. "Well, what I told you was the truth -- I just didn't tell you all of it. Those of us who have lived in Leverton for a long time use the expression, 'Feed My Beast'! That is our way of saying, 'Fuck me!' And, that's why the other woman used the same expression."

"But Thelma, that brings me to the other strange thing that happened. That woman was the wife of the druggist!"

"No, honey, she wasn't. You see there are no wives in Leverton! From time to time, a man and a woman may share the same quarters, but marriages are not performed in Leverton. Oh, don't look like that! Can't you accept that this kind of arrangement could exist between men and women? Well, it does and we are the proof of the pudding." She paused for a minute and then began again. "Look, I hadn't intended to tell you these things until you had become more settled in as a member of Leverton society, but I guess the events of today make it necessary that you know more about this place and the people in it. From what I have already told you, you probably have come to the conclusion that Leverton is a place where earth people study the aliens. That is not the case. Leverton is a research site where the aliens study us!" She paused while I took in the import of what she had just said and then, she went on. "Maggie, mankind is one of the most violent of species -- in fact, we may be the most violent of all the species who populate the universe. Jesse and Wilma and their kind had never known what war was until they witnessed it here upon the earth! So, that agreement between their governments and ours that I told you about actually resulted in the establishment of a research station here on earth where the aliens could study us."

"Yeah, but what are they studying?"

"They have a theory that our violent nature is the result of nature's gift to us of continuous sex. Except for a very few species, we are the only ones who can engage in sexual activities whenever and wherever we wish. The manner of their constitutions restricts their sex until the female is ready. And only then! So, they have hypothesized that, if sex were free and not restricted by all of the man-made inhibitions that we all carry around with us, then our tendency toward violent behavior would diminish. Leverton is the result of an attempt to prove their assertion. They created Leverton as a community that would freely countenance unfettered sex in any form whatsoever. It must have worked for I can't remember when there was a fist-fight in Leverton and I know that there has never been a killing. Rape, in Leverton, is completely unheard of. Why rape some female when all you have to do is ask her and she'll allow you to fuck her right there and then? The only young females we sometimes get are the teachers at the school and, once they get accustomed to how things are done in Leverton, few, if any, of them ever leave Leverton. In some way, Jesse and her ilk make sure that none of the young pussies ever get pregnant while they are in Leverton. Jesse's people have also learned that, here on earth, age does not restrict the propensity for engaging in sex. All kinds of sex! What kinds of reciprocal agreements exist with them and their home worlds, I do not know, but, I suspect that we have similar stations on their planets."

"So, are you saying that you and me and all of the humans in Leverton are really lab rats to be observed and, just possibly, put through special paces for the benefit of our alien researchers?"

"I guess you could look at it that way, but I choose not to see my situation in that light. I am alive. I live in Leverton. My existence is a peaceful one and, I have all of the sexual entertainment I can ever want. What more is there for me to desire?"
