 Hey guys. So this is my first ever attempt at writing legit erotica of any kind. I'm sure it's a bit rough around the edges, but hopefully you guys still enjoy!! Decided to try my hand at some fantasy to start myself off.

I also do apologize for any formatting errors, first time ever posting so I don't know exactly how it'll look. I'll learn though.

*****

With a gasp Chloe awoke and reached for her dagger, only to realize that it was yet another dream, even more realistic than the last. Her chest heaving and her hand tightly grasping the handle of her dagger, she blinked and looked around the room to catch her bearings. Finally calming down and regaining her breath, she carefully put the dagger back onto the side table and sat down on the bed. 

Chloe closed her eyes and breathed deeply, trying to remember fact from fiction and remind herself that the dreams were only dreams. As she did, she remembered her mission and why she was sent to this tavern and city in the first place. She reached into her back pocket and pulled out the letter she had received from her unit commander and read it to herself again, trying to calm herself. 

----

Chloe,

New orders have been received. Since you are the only agent in the region, this new mission shall fall upon you. 

You are to make your way to the Imperial City of Maford and make contact with a half-orc known as Veric. You are to go to The Inn of the Dreaming Dragon and await for him to make contact. You are to blend in in any way possible as to not raise suspicion.  

----

Chloe folded the letter back up and returned it to her pocket. She stared out the window of the room she was staying in, and couldn't help but sigh. She had entered the Imperial City of Maford nearly 2 weeks ago and rented a room at The Dreaming Dragon, and had been awaiting to make contact with Veric ever since. With no contact yet made, her days were spent gathering whatever information she could from the locals and maintaining her cover, no matter the cost.

She had found a room at the tavern with ease, but to stay undercover her best option was to pose as a lady of the night. The cover allowed her to meet people from all walks of life all throughout the day, and the pay allowed her to stay in the highest quality room the tavern had to offer. No one would question why a whore was walking amongst the crowd in the tavern, giving her free rein to do as she pleased as she waited each day for Veric to arrive. The downside was that due to her physique, she was constantly having to entertain interested customers. Standing 5'4, she was a petite yet fiesty lady with long dirty blonde hair, and curves in all the right places that made men go wild just at the sight of her. While she was petite, she had large perfectly rounded breasts that always provided any outfit she wore with an ample amount of cleavage. 

----

Chloe couldn't help but smirk as she looked down at the dress crumpled on her floor, and the multiple stains that splattered the elegant dress. Yesterday had been one of her most active days yet, having to entertain a gang of mercenaries that hadn't taken their eyes off her since they entered the tavern. They also claimed to know the location of Veric, which made her extremely interested in making sure they were as satisfied as possible. 

She signed as she subconsciously reached up and rubbed her big soft breasts, remembering the cock that was between them last night. She had titfucked the leader of the group as his men watched, until they all blew their loads all over her face, tits, and dress and made her serve them round after round of drinks, all while their cum slowly dripped off her. The information was valuable and worth it though, and she learned that Veric would finally be arriving today. With a sigh she looked into the mirror one last time before heading down into the tavern, hoping that Veric would finally be there.

---- 

Chloe smirked as she slowly walked down the stairs of the tavern she was staying in, making sure her heels clicked with each step on the stone stairs. As soon as she could see the first floor of the tavern, multiple gazes were already on her and she could hear the hoots and hollers from a nearby table of dwarves that were very clearly too drunk to even stand. Wearing a tight black dress that left little to the imagination and made sure to show off every single one of her perfect curves, she gave a wink to one of the onlooking dwarves sitting at a table and blew him a kiss as she made her way down the stairs, making sure her large soft tits and her long blonde hair bounced and jiggled with each and every step. 

As she reached the first floor she scanned the crowd of the tavern to pick her next customer. She wasn't looking for just any interested customer though... This time she was looking for someone specific. She had been sent to this city to make contact with an undercover agent that had infiltrated the local mercenary outfit, and had been posing as a local whore for the past week waiting for him to make contact. As she scanned the crowd she couldn't help but smile to herself, knowing full well why she had been selected for this mission over more senior agents. 

Her eyes finally locked with a half-orc at the bar staring at her, and she grinned as she motioned for him to join her upstairs. She couldn't help but giggle as she turned and noticed multiple tavern customers staring at her wide-eyed, noticing the half-orc following her upstairs and realizing he would be her next customer. She smirked as she jokingly yelled out "Mind the noise boys, next round's on me", and walked upstairs to her room to the sounds of drunken cheers and slurred sexual remarks. 

----

As they entered the bedroom Chloe made sure to lock the door behind them and close the curtains to the window, giving them all the privacy possible. She quickly turned to the half-orc and scowled as she put her hands on her hips and stared at him. 

"Dammit Veric, I've been here for over 2 weeks now. I've had to pose as a whore to keep my cover, and the rate some of these men cum... Anyways... Do you have your mission report? I can take your report back to command and we can begin the next part of the mission."

Veric gave a hearty laugh as he reached into his bag and pulled out an envelope containing his mission report, and handed it over to Chloe. "You know girl, if I didn't know better I'd say you were enjoying yourself. Playing the role of a whore... It suits you nicely. I now know why you were selected for this mission."

Chloe smirked as she gave him a wink and began to slowly teasingly strip, her whole body sensually moving as she slid the straps of her dress off her shoulders and held the fabric in hand, preventing it from revealing her big soft breasts. "You know... It's been interesting to say the least... I've learned so many tricks..." She said as she slowly let the dress fall, her large tits slowly flopping out from the confinement of the tight dress. "I've learned exactly what makes men lust... What makes them talk... What makes them scream..." she whispered seductively as she slowly pushed Veric back onto the bed, and let a single petite hand brush over the growing bulge of his half-orc cock through his pants. 

"I've especially learned how to maintain my cover... And no one in this tavern will believe it if you walk out of here without them hearing a show... So we better do our best to maintain my cover... And yours..." She said as she slowly leaned in and softly kissed Veric on the cheek, and her hand tightened around the throbbing bulge on Veric's pants as she stared into his eyes and grinned. 

"I think it's time for me to maintain my cover... Don't you Veric?" Chloe whispered as she stepped back and let the dress fall to the floor and slowly fell to her knees in front of Veric, staring up into his eyes as she slowly tugged at his pants and let his large throbbing half-orc cock burst out, both her hands instantly grasping the massive cock before her as she stared in awe and excitement.

----

"I... I've never seen a cock so big..." Chloe stammered out as she started to slowly stroke his cock subconsciously, her hands idly moving up and down every so slowly. 

"Shut up girl. I haven't had a woman in weeks and from what it sounds like, you're going to be it for a while. So shut up and get to work before I do it for you." Veric growled out, his massive cock throbbing and pulsing, clearly overcome by horniess. 

"Of course! I just... I never thought I'd see a cock so big... I'm... I-ACHHHH!" Chloe was cut off mid-sentence as Veric growled a low guttural noise, and simply reached out and grabbed Chloe's head and forced her mouth down around his massive pulsing half-orc cock. 

"Stupid whore... Less talking... More sucking. Or do I have to do it all for you?" Veric growled as he pumped Chloe's head up and down on his cock, facefucking her and hearing her struggle and gag as the large cock easily hit the back of her throat. He laughed as she struggled and her eyes watered, and finally released her head after slamming his cock one last time as deep down as possible down her throat.

As her eyes watering and drool pouring out of her mouth, Chloe gasped as she tried to breathe. She knew the temper of half-orcs was short, but she didn't expect it to be that short. As she slowly regained her breath she stared up into Veric's eyes and gave him a wink.

"You think you can just grab my head and fuck my pretty little face to shut me up? Come here you fucking half-orc." She said as she grabbed Veric's throbbing cock and wrapped her lips around it, and stared sloppily sucking his cock like only a true whore would know how to do. As she expertly sucked his cock, she made sure to never break eye contact with Veric. As she deepthroated his massive cock and felt her eyes fill with tears and felt the large cock against the back of her throat, she never stopped staring up into his eyes.

Taking his cock out of her mouth as she gasped for air, she started to stroke his large cock with both of her hands. With two fists wrapped around his massive cock, she began to pump as she stared up into his eyes.

"Such a big strong warrior Veric... With such a big massive cock... It takes a true whore to know how to please a half-orc like yourself." 

Chloe leaned down as she continued to stroke, and teased the tip of his cock with her tongue as she swirled the head to taste the gathering precum. She started pumping faster, staring up into Veric's eyes as she winked.

"With such delicious precum as well... I bet your orc side can barely be contained right now. I bet you have such an urge to take me. To throw me onto the bed and fuck me like a whore until your massive cum-swollen balls empty inside me... And you feel my tight little pussy clench and quiver on your massive half-orc cock."

----

With a growl, Veric leaped from the bed and grabbed Chloe by the shoulders, their momentum throwing them from the bed and pinning her against the door with Veric leaning up against her. With a snarl Veric leaned in close and growled, as he easily lifted Chloe up into the air, her back and ass pressed against the door. He held both her thighs up with his hands, as he stared into Chloe's wide eyes, knowing she knew what was about to happen. Giving her a smirk, he reached with one hand and guided his massive cock into Chloe's tight little pussy.

"Wait! No Veric! You're... You're too bi-AHHHHHHHHHHH!" 

Chloe screamed as she felt the massive half-orc cock penetrate her tight human pussy. She screamed as she threw her head back and her eyes rolled back into her head, her pussy immediately quivering and clenching around the massive pulsing cock now inside her. She could only manage to moan as Veric began to violently thrust up into her, controlling her entire body since he was holding her up. 

She whimpered and moaned as she felt the large cock thrust into her repetitively, hearing Veric's grunts of pleasure as his cock felt the warm wet insides of a woman for the first time in weeks. Chloe bit down hard on Veric's shoulder to contain a scream, only prompting Veric to loosen his grip on Chloe's thighs and allow his entire half-orc cock to penetrate her. Unable to contain it anymore, Chloe let loose a loud scream of pure pleasure as she felt her pussy spasm and clench, her scream turning into a passionate moan as she came hard on his cock. 

She could hear the cheers of the tavern crowd below as they very obviously heard her orgasm, and with what strength she had left she managed to stare up into Veric's eyes and whimper out "Cum inside me Veric... Cum inside me like the whore I am..."

That was all Veric needed to hear, and with a few final thrusts deep inside Chloe's pussy he let go of her hips and let her fall completely down onto his massive half-orc cock, as it twitched inside her and erupted cum, filling her pussy and forcing cum to leak out around his cock. With a growl he slowly pulled out of Chloe and let her slide to the floor, his cum leaking out of her pussy and running down her thighs. 

Feeling him pull out, Chloe could only manage a whimpering moan as she felt his cum flood out of her pussy, instantly leaking down her legs and into a puddle on the floor. With little strength left after such an orgasm from his massive cock, she could only manage to slide down against the wall and lay in the puddle of cum leaking out of her.

With a smirk Veric grabbed Chloe by the head and shoved his cum-covered cock in her mouth, cleaning it of his cum and her pussy juices. Once he was satisfied, he let go and let her fall back against the wall, a whimpering quivering puddle of what she was only minutes before. He pulled his pants back on and made sure his report was in Chloe's bag, and threw her a bag of gold coins as he exited her room, leaving her to quiver and softly moan as she slowly recovered from the most powerful fucking of her life. 

As Chloe slowly breathed, she could feel every ounce of cum slowly leaking out of her. Her eyes closed and her chest still heaving, she slowly licked her lips and tasted the mixture of cum and pussy juice Veric had left as he used her to clean his cock before leaving. With a smile she laid back on the floor of her cum, a large puddle of cum beneath her, and relaxed as she softly giggled, knowing her mission was now complete. In a matter of days she'd be home.