 I was beginning to think that Leverton just might not have any more surprises for me. I couldn't have been more wrong. As I stepped into the kitchen one morning, there stood Thelma at the stove. It wasn't so much what she was doing, but rather, it was the manner of her dress. As usual, she was wearing a see-through blouse and a pair of those very tiny kilt shorts. It was the thing that was sticking out from under her shorts. It was a horse's tail! I stood there for a considerable amount of time before she felt my presence. Thelma turned and, with a rather sharp glance, asked,

"Well?"

I stuttered before I could get my voice under control and answer her.

"I...I....I....I just have never seen you with your...uh..tail on! That's all."

"You might as well get used to it because you will be seeing me and almost every other female with a tail of some kind. We held back putting them on until we were sure that you were going to stay in Leverton. As soon as Wilma can get yours, you will be expected to dress in this way, too."

Nothing more was said by either one of us until the breakfast dishes had been washed and put away. Then Thelma laid out her plans for the morning.

"Pack up what stuff you want to take with you. Granny Martin has a room that you can have so I think we should go over to her place, look the room over and, if you like it, move you in. After that, you will be free to do whatever it is that you had in mind. Okay?"

I nodded and added, "I might as well take all that I brought with me. It isn't much, but that might save us a trip back across the street." 

I knew that Granny Martin's rooming house was on the opposite side of the street from Thelma's place and just a few doors down. It was a huge place and it set back from the street. There were three steps leading up to the top of what passed for the lawn and then five more up to the porch. Like Jesse's house, there was a veranda running around three sides of the house. The entire edge of the veranda ceiling was covered in an imitated lace-like wood border.

We didn't have to knock for, as we approached the front door, it suddenly opened to reveal a very stout, matronly old woman. Thelma spoke,

"Granny, we have come over to look at that room you said you had. Is it still available?"

"Sure is and I think you are going to like it. It's on the second floor at the very back. That way, you'll have windows on two sides. You won't be able to see the street, but there's never anything going on out there so you won't be missing anything."

While Granny was speaking, she was leading us into the entryway and up a flight of broad Victorian stairs. I was extremely amused for not only was she wearing a kilt-tail arrangement but both she and Thelma were preceding me so I was busily looking at two very bare, old asses. I don't know if it was the effect of those tails, but both of those pony girls swished their hips from side-to-side in a daring come-hither manner as they climbed the stairs. A strange thing occurred when we were about halfway up the stairs. Unconnected to the discussion and any other event, Thelma's hand slid up under Granny's short kilt and her fingers began stroking Granny's cunt! That, in and of itself, would have been weird, but the total lack of reaction by both Thelma and Granny was unmistakable. Neither one of them evinced any sign of embarrassment or unease! They unconcernedly continued onward, discussing the current events of Leverton while all the time Thelma's fingers were maintaining a steady drum beat inside granny's cunt! I was staring at this odd action as we entered the room Granny was intent upon showing us. 

The room was as Granny had described it and I fell in love with it at once. I looked everything over, especially the large window that faced out upon the hillside behind the house,

"Granny, is that a trail going up over that mountain?"

"Yes, it surely is. You've got a keen eye. That used to be the trail from East Leverton over the mountains to West Leverton, but, since the other Leverton has sunk into practically nothing, the trail isn't used much these days. If, someday, you want to hike it, West Leverton – or what's left of it – is about eight miles that way. It isn't a bad hike so you might enjoy it."

"What is there to see in West Leverton?"

"As I said, not much. There is a saw mill and lumber yard about five miles the other side of West Leverton, but the hike to the mill isn't really worth it. There is one building in West Leverton that is still intact. The government uses it as a storage depot. Our merchants either go over there or have someone take their requests and leave them. Then some time later, a government truck will show up and unload our supplies. This Leverton is a very simple-living town as you know by now so we don't have a lot of extravagant requirements. The government keeps us very well supplied."

I was certain that there was more that Granny wasn't telling me, but I didn't push it. Before either of them could begin a sale's pitch, I spoke and told Granny that I would take it. The smiles on both faces told me that I had done the right thing. I parked my one suitcase in the closet and we all started back downstairs. Our trip downstairs was almost a replay of the trip up to the room only this time Granny's hand and fingers were returning the favor of cunt stimulation to Thelma. I had come to know that the females of Leverton were all oversexed, but even that didn't fully explain these kinds of actions.

"Oh Maggie, I forgot to tell you. Wilma sent word this morning that she was ready for you. So it might be best if you went over to her place and not back to Thelma's." I nodded in acceptance. All the while, I wondered at the speed and thoroughness of the unofficial communications in this town and, just how in hell did Wilma know I would be here and not at Thelma's?

A short time later, I stood in front of Wilma's dress shop. I'll have to admit that I was not in the least eager to enter this place of horrors especially after the pain I had endured the first time I visited here. Of course I knew I couldn't just stand here forever and that, sooner or later, I was going to have to enter. With a deep sigh of regret, I pushed the door open and stepped inside. As before, the place was only faintly lighted, but I expected this so I wasn't upset by this. I walked through the shop portion of the store and pushed aside the curtain that separated the shop into two parts. I don't know if that woman had spent the entire morning waiting upon my arrival, but, when I got there, she was once more seated in that huge, royal-type chair. This time her feet were drawn back with just her heels resting on the chair seat. This caused her legs to be spread widely apart and it exposed her cunt to my view. I stood and the two of us looked at each other for some time. Then I sensed her mind control begin working upon my will. The same table was just in front of where I stood and, as I got her mental message, I looked down. There, on the table top, lay a black horse's tail and the ubiquitous jar of grease!

I stared at this thing even though I had just seen two exactly like it. It was a perfect duplicate of the tails that Thelma and granny had been sporting. This thing was at least twenty inches long and its' end was mated to a somewhat strange looking device. I knew it at once as the butt plug that was going to hold that tail tightly against my ass. This thing was made of a shiny, silver metal substance. From tip to tip it was about six inches long. The front end of this thing was a cone-shaped formation that tapered to a point. This pointed portion was connected to a round flange by a length of silver metal. It wasn't difficult to determine how this monstrosity was intended to work. The conic portion was to be inserted into my ass as far as it would go or at least until the flange was flush against the entrance to my ass The rod that ran between the front and the rear was designed to allow the butt of the cone to pass through my sphincter and act as a stop so that the tail would not easily be dislodged. The tail was made of a fine grade of what I took to be horse hair and it felt smooth and soft. As soon as I had looked this thing over, I glanced up at Wilma. Her eyes caught mine almost immediately and I knew what she was telling me to do. I tried to stare her down, but that was a useless gesture on my part. So, I looked down, picked up the conical end of the tail and began greasing it. I knew, from my previous experience, to grease this thing very thoroughly. When I was satisfied that it was ready, I once more looked up at Wilma. She gave me the universal, 'finger up the ass' gesture so, using both hands, I positioned the tail cone so that just the nose was touching my tight little ass hole.

I took in a deep breath and began applying pressure to the rounded end of the cone. Now I knew why I had been made to go through that awful exercise with that torture device because this thing would not have otherwise slid easily up into my ass. I pushed even harder and finally felt my puckered hole begin to relent and open to accept this thing. The passage of this device into and up my ass channel was not without some difficulty and a fair amount of pain. However, once it was past my sphincter muscle, it slid into me rather easily. So much so that I was surprised when I felt the rear flange touch my ass. Rather tentatively, I took my hands away and left this thing completely inside of me. Again, I was surprised at how well it fit my body. Wilma obviously knew her business.

Wilma's next signal was to tell me to walk around. I started out very easy, but, as I took more and more steps, I became more confident and I gradually began assuming my normal walking gait. I would never have admitted to anyone, but the rocking motion of the head of the cone while in my ass was exciting. I made several circuits about the room and my libido was rising with each step. I stopped and stood absolutely still for I was close to having an orgasm. Slowly, the excitement inside my bowels eased as I stared into Wilma's eyes.

"I feel like an animal!"

"Of course you do and that is because you are an animal. You are my animal. My pussy cat. Isn't that true?"

I stared at her for the longest time while I slowly came to the conclusion that yes that was true. Somehow, the wearing of my tail – now I thought of it as being a part of me – had bound the two of us in some kind of weird, eerie, non-human relationship.  

Wilma's fingers began stroking her cunt lips. The directive was obvious.

Slowly, I knelt before her and, on all fours, approached her as any animal might do. My will was not my own and I only halted when my mouth and nose neared her cunt. Suddenly, I was struck by another realization. I could not only smell the scent that was coming from her cunt, but I felt it drawing me to her. Thelma's tale about the scent of females in heat and the pheromones they emitted was being proved to me in a most dramatic manner. I could not keep myself from assaulting her in a sexual manner. My tongue shot out and I licked her cunt lips from their bottoms to her clit. The taste was invigorating and it drove me onward in the search for more such pleasure. I reached up and used my thumbs to pull her cunt lips open. I could feel the warmth of her body and I saw the beaded jewels of her juices glistening along her cunt walls. I lapped them up as though I were a thirsty desert dweller.

She draped her legs over my shoulders and, using her heels pulled me even tighter against her cunt. I pushed my tongue into her cunt as deep as I could and felt her shudder with the effect that caused. For some strange reason, I felt that we were unified as one creature! I sucked and I licked and I sensed what she was experiencing as she began to approach her climax. With an abrupt movement, she erupted and her ejaculate flooded my open mouth. I felt it as it slid down my throat and into my belly. There was a pleasant warmth that existed from my mouth to my belly! I didn't attempt to pull my mouth away from her sopping cunt and somehow Wilma managed to slide under me and turn us both so that we were in the 69 position. If my mouth hadn't been occupied with her cunt, I would have screamed with joy and excitement when her tongue began returning the favor of licking my cunt.

That wasn't the only thing she did to me. I felt her exert a slow pulling on my new found tail! She pulled the butt plug out of me until only the bare tip was still encased inside of my puckered hole. She paused while I tried to fathom what her intentions were and then she drove that plug completely back into my ass! I didn't know that my tongue and my ass were connected, but the force of that thrust caused my tongue to extend beyond what had heretofore been my limit. Our joint actions became more and more frenzied from that point on. 

I was astonished by the physical strength Wilma demonstrated. At one point, she stood erect and held me against her body in an upside-down position! I clasped my arms about her hips and continued sucking her cunt! 

It was late afternoon when we broke our embrace and parted to lay side-by-side on the floor. The roots of my tongue were sore and paining me and my ass was in much the same state from her constant fucking of it with that damned butt plug. I hadn't the slightest idea of how she felt and, what's more, I didn't give a damn! Both of us were breathing hard and it took several minutes for our respiration rate to become normal. Wilma rolled over onto her side and stared into my eyes.

"Your pussy belongs to me! And, you are my pussy cat. The feline basis for your existence has been awakened and you are now more animal than human!"

As I looked into her eyes, I realized that what she was saying was, indeed, true. Somehow, I knew that all of my human inhibitions had left me. I could engage in this kind of brutal, lascivious sex without any sense of shame, guilt or sin. I didn't voice my answer to her question. Instead, I lazily extended my hand and began rubbing her puffy cunt lips. That gesture, coupled with my smile, was all that she required.

After another few minutes, I rolled over and got up. I was just about to leave when Wilma stopped me.

"Wait up, Pussy. There are some other things that we must do. Get up onto the table on your back."

I looked at her in a questioning manner, but, when she made no move to undo her order, I slid onto the table.

"Pull your legs back over your head as far as you can."

I did this and the next thing I knew she had fastened my legs by means of straps so that I could not let them down onto the table. Next, she tied my hands in the same fashion. I was anchored to that table and was unable to move in any way or direction.

"We are going to open one of your inside channels that most human females never use yet it can result – or so I am told – in some of the most exciting orgasms. There will be a little pain, but you should be able to weather that with practically no difficulty."

I could lift my head so that I could watch some of what she was doing. First, she inserted a dildo into my cunt until I winced as it hit my cervix. She withdrew it and carefully measured the apparent depth of my cunt. Next, she inserted a measuring rod that was hardly more than a thin wire. This, she maneuvered all around my cervix until it entered the small opening that led to my uterus. She made certain, by comparing the length of this rod to the depth of my cunt that she was truly inside my uterus. I was squirming as the tip of that thin wire brushed repeatedly across the inner surface of my uterus. She had said that there would be some pain and she was not mistaken. I was hurting.

I expected her to pull that wire thing out of me, but she didn't. Instead, she produced another implement that was hollow in the center and slightly larger than that first wire. This she slid onto the wire which resulted in guiding it straight down to the small uterine opening. A not-too-gentle push and this second device was also inside my uterus! This procedure was repeated time and time again and each time the outer diameter of the device was increased. Finally, she held up what I took to be the last device and I gasped for it was the size of a male's penis! Much to my dismay, she proceeded to push this, too, through that small opening and into my uterus.

"Pussy, I have been told that an orgasm in the uterus is the most powerful of all orgasms. What I have been doing is to enlarge your opening so that the next male who fucks you can thrust his cock head all the way up into your uterus. You will thank me for this."

The only thing for which I was thankful was the fact that she now removed all of these devices from my insides.

"You may leave now, but you must come back tomorrow and for several days after that until this opening is sufficiently large and REMAINS that way. Soon, we shall pollinate you!"

I didn't like the sound of any of this, but I was too sore in any number of places to offer her any objection.

For a few seconds, I was really unsteady upon my feet, but then I regained my balance and, without looking back, I left the store. I stood for several minutes on the sidewalk and got my bearings back. I was amazed by one thing. There were a number of females on the street and every one of them, without exception, was sporting their horse's tails. It dawned upon me that they had all been waiting for me to truly become one of them before displaying their usual attire. I made my way across the street to Granny's and up to my newly acquired residence. With a huge sigh, I extracted my own horse's tail and then I collapsed upon the bed and tried to stifle the pain and upset stomach I was feeling. Just before falling to sleep, I was reminded of Wilma's parting remark. What in hell had she meant by, 'pollinating' me? Surely she meant impregnating me. Or, did she? I must have fallen asleep for the next thing I knew Granny was shaking my shoulder and telling me that dinner was ready.

Since all of the other boarders at Granny's were teachers from the school, the conversation around the table was concerned primarily with tales of the weird things that had happened this day in their classes. 

However, Granny did find time to lean over and tell me, 

"Each one of us has gone through Wilma's training course so we all know how you feel and none of us will be hurt if you excuse yourself and go upstairs and make an early night of it."

I didn't need a second offer and, in minutes, I was stretched out sound asleep on my bed.

Wilma and I met every morning for the next few weeks so that she could continue her efforts to modify my inner sexual organs. My afternoons were spent on the prowl for male cocks. I made a stop at every business in Leverton and fucked each and every male I found – some of them several times! Gradually, the pain stopped and the dildo became easier for me to accept in my body. Finally, on one such visit, Wilma smiled at me and told me that our work was done.

"Are you sure?"

"If you don't think so, try this dildo in your cunt. It is the exact same size as most of the cocks in Leverton." That huge thing fit within me perfectly. "Now, sweet pussy, get up and go fuck yourself silly."

I slid off the table and started for the door.

"Hey! Wait just one minute, sweet pussy. "

I turned and looked at her with a question in my eyes.

"I am only lending that dildo to you! I am not giving it to you so please leave it behind!"

With a smile upon my face, I reached down and pulled the dildo free of my cunt. As usual, it made a decided, 'pop' as it cleared my cunt lips. That sound caused us both to roar with laughter.