 For those of you just joining us, this is the tale of Hillary Trenton, once an ordinary, run-of-the-mill, stunningly beautiful archaeologist, until an incident involving gamma rays changed her! Now, Hillary fights crime as the super-powered (and super-cocked) heroine known as Futa-Girl! When we last left our heroine, she had overcome her greatest weakness, and gained an erstwhile fan club! But, dear readers, today may just be the most trying day of Futa-Girl's life! What awaits our heroine? Find out in this exciting installment of The Adventures of Futa-Girl!

*

"Oh! Aah! Oooohhhh!"

Futa-Girl stroked her cock as she came, semen erupting from the tip, splattering all over the faces of Becky, Monica and Crystal, the three founding members of the Official Futa-Girl Fan Club. The three girls readily accepted Futa-Girl's load, their mouths open as Futa-Girl's self-proclaimed biggest fans got their faces plastered with hot cum.

"Well, I think that does it for the first ever meeting of the Official Futa-Girl Fan Club," Futa-Girl said as the three girls licked her cum off of each other's faces.

"Oh, please stay, Futa-Girl!" Crystal begged.

"I'd love to, but I must patrol the city of Gammaville for crime," Futa-Girl replied. "Besides, you three know as well as I do that if I cum any more anytime soon, I'll start to lose my powers. Once again, I thank you for not revealing that little secret to anyone, girls. I'm off!"

Futa-Girl took off, leaving the three fangirls to clean up.

"I've got an idea for next time, Crystal," Monica said. "An idea that'll freak Futa-Girl out."

"Oh?"

"Cosplay."

***************************

Flying high above Gammaville, Futa-Girl diligently searched for crime. Soon, she found what she was looking for.

"The Third Gammaville Bank!" Futa-Girl gasped. "It's under attack!"

A plume of smoke rose from a large hole in the side of the brick building. Futa-Girl swooped down to investigate, and as the smoke cleared, Futa-Girl's jaw dropped.

"Dr. Heinous!" Futa-Girl exclaimed.

"Futa-Girl!" Dr. Heinous replied, dropping a sack full of money as she saw her archenemy.

"I figured it was only a matter of time before you reared your ugly head again, Doctor," Futa-Girl said gallantly. "Only this time, you're going to end up behind bars, where you belong!"

"Not this time, Futa-Girl!" Dr. Heinous exclaimed, pulling a ray gun-looking device from her labcoat. "Behold, my latest, greatest invention!"

Dr. Heinous fired her device, Futa-Girl instantly feeling the effects as the insidious blue energy beam hit her.

"W-what the..." Futa-Girl moaned. "M-my pussy...it's...it's...AAAAHHHHHH!!!"

Futa-Girl screamed as her body was wracked by an intense orgasm, her pussy stimulated by the strange device Dr. Heinous possessed. Before her orgasm could even subside, Futa-Girl screamed as she felt another one, as powerful as the first, explode from deep within her pussy. Futa-Girl fell to the ground, unable to stop her pussy from cumming again and again, her juices quickly soaking through her costume and running down her legs.

"How do you like that, Futa-Girl?" Dr. Heinous asked, switching off her weapon and sultrily waltzing over to a now-helpless Futa-Girl, moaning and convulsing as her pussy came again and again. "I call it the G-Beam. Using powerful energy waves, the G-Beam locates and stimulates a woman's G-spot, harder than you've ever felt before."

Futa-Girl groaned, struggling to get up, her body weak from her orgasms, her cock throbbing with power. Dr. Heinous quickly immobilized Futa-Girl with a sustained blast from her G-Beam, our hero writhing on the ground in a sea of frighteningly uncontrollable pleasure.

"Now, Futa-Girl," Dr. Heinous grinned, switching off her G-Beam once more, "I can have my revenge!"

Removing her costume (but keeping her mask on), Dr. Heinous gave Futa-Girl another quick G-Beam blast, sending Futa-Girl sprawling on the ground back-first. Standing over Futa-Girl's rock-hard cock, Dr. Heinous cackled maniacally.

"You thought you could fuck me last time, and not even cum inside???" Dr. Heinous demanded, zapping Futa-Girl to orgasm town with another G-Beam blast, Futa-Girl unable to formulate a reply around the explosive orgasms coming from her G-spot. "You're gonna cum inside me now, Futa-Girl, and there's nothing you can do about it!"

Dr. Heinous unceremoniously lowered herself onto Futa-Girl's throbbing staff, moaning in pleasure as the hung heroine's monster rod entered her.

"Oh fuck! You're so tight!" Futa-Girl moaned, unable to move, her body still weak from the sea of orgasms she suffered at the hands of Dr. Heinous and her advanced technology.

"Ahh, yessss..." Dr. Heinous moaned, Futa-Girl's cock sinking deeper and deeper into the evil Doctor's dripping pussy, until the entire shaft was inside her. "I missed this fucking cock, Futa-Girl," the villain moaned.

"Oh shit!" Futa-Girl moaned. "I'm about to cum!"

"Cumming already?" Dr. Heinous quipped, sounding almost disappointed. "Perhaps my G-Beam weakened your sexual stamina. Oh well, let me have it! Give me the precious cum you so rudely robbed me of the last time we fought!"

"Oh fuck!" Futa-Girl moaned, her body slowly but surely regaining strength as Dr. Heinous grinded her cunt against our heroine's throbbing cock. "I'm cumming!"

Futa-Girl thrust upwards into Dr. Heinous, cum shooting from her cock, filling up Dr. Heinous in no time.

"Oh yes! Cum in me!" Dr. Heinous moaned. "Fill me to the brim! I'm cumming from you cumming inside me!"

Futa-Girl, finally regaining her strength, placed her hands on Dr. Heinous' hips and continued thrusting and cumming until her orgasm subsided, excess cum leaking out of Dr. Heinous' pussy onto Futa-Girl's crotch and stomach.

"Ohhh, yessss..." Dr. Heinous moaned. "The feeling of your cum inside my pussy is...exquisite."

"Oh, you liked it?" Futa-Girl grinned, power surging through her cock, fueled by the many pussy orgasms Dr. Heinous had given her. "You liked my cum in your pussy?"

"Oh, yes," Dr. Heinous replied.

"Then I guess you'd love some more?" Futa-Girl grinned.

"Y-you're going to go again?" Dr. Heinous asked incredulously.

"Doctor, I am going to destroy your pussy with this fat cock," Futa-Girl replied, lifting herself up, Dr. Heinous still impaled on her cock. Using her super-strength, Futa-Girl began lifting Dr. Heinous up and down, the villain's sloppy, filled cunt sloshing against Futa-Girl's steel-hard cock, Dr. Heinous moaning in pleasure as Futa-Girl forcefully fucked her, cum spilling out of their union onto the ground.

"Oh fuck! You've taken charge!" Dr. Heinous moaned, dropping her G-Beam as Futa-Girl force-fucked her.

"Fuck, your cunt feels even better with my cum inside of it!" Futa-Girl moaned, slamming Dr. Heinous against her cock.

"I'm cumming!" Dr. Heinous moaned, her pussy tightening on Futa-Girl's cock as the supervillain came.

"Oh fuck, you've gotten even tighter!" Futa-Girl moaned. "I can't hold back anymore! I'm cumming!!!"

Futa-Girl pushed Dr. Heinous as far down on her cock as physically possible and screamed as she came, cum once more erupting into Dr. Heinous' syrupy depths as the supervillain came again and again.

"You're cumming inside my pussy for a second time!!!" Dr. Heinous screamed. "It feels so good! Pump every last drop of your hot cum into my cunt!"

Futa-Girl rammed her cock home, her cock pumping shot after shot of thick, creamy cum into Dr. Heinous, the villain's overflowing pussy gushing out cum onto the ground below, until Futa-Girl was standing in a puddle of her own cum, Dr. Heinous gasping for breath as she came down from another intense orgasm.

"F-fuck...that was..." Dr. Heinous said breathlessly. "Y-you're done now, right?"

"Not a chance," Futa-Girl grinned, still feeling the power coursing through her hard, throbbing prick. Lifting Dr. Heinous up, Futa-Girl roughly threw the villain down on the ground, Dr. Heinous landing on her hands and knees, ass up. Placing her hands on the supervillain's hips, Futa-Girl began to rub her shaft against Dr. Heinous' asscrack.

"N-no..." Dr. Heinous pleaded. "N-not there!"

"Oh, yes," Futa-Girl moaned sultrily. "There."

"No way!" Dr. Heinous weakly protested, as Futa-Girl began probing her tight asshole with her cockhead. "Th-there's no way that thing will fit!"

"Oh, I wouldn't worry about that," Futa-Girl replied. "My cock's so well-lubricated from your pussy, it'll definitely fit. And look," the superhero continued, moving her cock away from Dr. Heinous' ass so she could get a better look, "your asshole is already opening up a bit. You're ready to take my cock in your ass, aren't you?"

"N-no! I'm not ready!" Dr. Heinous begged, her body telling a different story. "You'll split me in half!"

"You shouldn't have done the crime if you didn't want the punishment," Futa-Girl grinned, priming her cock at Dr. Heinous' puckering asshole. Dr. Heinous weakly braced herself as Futa-Girl drew her cock back like a battering ram, the superhero thrusting her hips forward, her super strength forcing her well-lubed monster cock deep into Dr. Heinous' asshole.

"OH FUCK!!!!" Dr. Heinous screamed, juices squirting out of her pussy as she came instantly. "Your huge cock's buried deep in my ass!"

"Oh, fuck!" Futa-Girl moaned, thrusting her monster prick in and out of Dr. Heinous' juicy ass. "Your asshole's so tight! I don't think I can take much more!"

"Fuck! Fuck me!" Dr. Heinous screamed, cumming again and again as Futa-Girl rammed her asshole. "Fuck my ass with your giant cock! I can't stop cumming!!!"

"Your ass is tightening up!" Futa-Girl cried, unable to move her cock any more inside Dr. Heinous' hot, unbelievably tight ass. "I'm cumming!!!"

Futa-Girl screamed in ecstasy as she came for a third time, her seed erupting from her throbbing prick, painting the inside of Dr. Heinous white as the hung heroine shot load after load of sticky, hot cum into Dr. Heinous' ass. Dr. Heinous screamed as she came again and again, her relentless orgasms brought about by the sensation of Futa-Girl's cum splattering her insides.

"Oh fuck!" Futa-Girl moaned, pulling her cock out of Dr. Heinous' ass, thick spurts of white cum pouring out of the villain's well-fucked hole. Futa-Girl stroked her monster meat as she continued to cum, painting Dr. Heinous' back a pearly white. As Futa-Girl's tremendous orgasm finally died off, she surveyed her work, noting that the feelings of immense power in her cock were beginning to fade.

I must be going back to normal, Futa-Girl thought. I guess if I want to keep going with my cock I have to keep cumming from my pussy.

"So, Dr. Heinous," Futa-Girl said triumphantly, standing over the moaning, cum-covered, well-fucked supervillain, "you finally got you wanted, in triplicate! And now, it's off to jail for you."

"W-what?" Dr. Heinous groaned, the villainess slowly coming out of her orgasm-induced haze. "J-jail??? After what we just shared?"

"Shared?" Futa-Girl cocked an eyebrow. "How did we 'share' me fucking you into submission?"

"A..deeper connection has formed between us, Futa-Girl," Dr. Heinous said weakly. "Take me to jail if you want, but I will be back, for you...and your cock..."

Dr. Heinous cackled weakly before passing out, her body overloaded from sex.

Geez, what a nutcase, Futa-Girl thought, before spiriting the defeated villain away to the nearest police station.

***************************

"My Queen."

A striking, bronzed woman, made as if she were chiseled from stone, kneeled as she spoke to a shadowy figure atop an ornate throne.

"What do you bring me?" the figure asked.

"I bring you...a potential suitor," the woman replied. "From across the sea. She is...different from you or me."

"She?" the figure asked with disgust. "I seek a mate, not a lover. Is this some sort of a joke?"

"M-my Queen," the woman stammered. "I...I implore you to look at this picture first. I believe you will find she is quite suitable as a potential mate."

The woman produced a photograph and held it aloft. The figure plucked the picture from the woman's hands.

"They call her...Futa-Girl," the woman added.

"Futa-Girl..." the figure mused. Standing up, the figure marched out of the shadows, revealing a naked, tall, well-endowed, muscled Nubian woman with a tall blonde mohawk, practically a goddess by looks alone.

"Fetch my armor and weapons," she said. "I, Ma'ri, Queen of the Amazons, shall set out at once to capture this...Futa-Girl...and enslave her to my harem as a mate for life."

***************************

Next: At the Mercy of Ma'ri!