 I topped the slight rise and looked down upon Leverton. From what I could see it was a small town with one main street and just a few side streets. In the late morning sun, it looked like the usual lazy country town. I spotted a filling station and pulled into it. As I stopped alongside the gasoline pump -- it only had one -- a young woman came out from what was obviously the office. I got my first look at one of Leverton's citizens and it came as an abrupt surprise. She was wearing a sheer top that hid absolutely nothing of her upper charms. Her areolas were of a dark hue and they showed clearly through her revealing top. As she neared my car, I could clearly see her nipples as well. To round off her attire, she was wearing an extremely short pleated skirt that looked for all the world like a child's kilt. I thought to myself, 

"She cannot sit down in that skirt without revealing all of her female genitals!"

"May I help you?"

"Yes, you may. I am the new visiting nurse and I am supposed to meet with the nurse that lives here now. Her Name is Thelma King. Do you know where she lives?"

"Oh, sure. Go straight down this street and turn left at the second intersection. Thelma's house is the third one on the right. You really can't miss it and, I'll bet that Thelma is out sunning herself on her front porch. "

Just as she was finishing her set of directions, a young man emerged from the repair bay of the station and walked up to where the young woman was standing. I couldn't help myself for I gasped when I saw his hand slide under that short skirt. His hand began some kind of rubbing motion and the young lady's hips quickly responded with a motion of their own. I waved at both of them and put my car into gear. 

"Margaret, your years in Washington are showing. You are just not accustomed to such public and blatant sexual advances." 

The directions the young lady had given me were very accurate and I spied what could only be the nurse sitting on the porch of the third house. There wasn't any sidewalk -- just a cleared path in the dirt -- so I pulled in to a position where I was clear of the roadway. I shut off the engine and got out. The female figure on the porch had not -- so far as I could see -- moved one inch.

"Hello! I am Sister Margaret McBride and I have been sent here to relieve you of your visiting nurse duties."

In keeping with the usual actions of mountain people, she didn't say a word. She just stared at me. Then, with a rather brusque move of her hand, she indicated that I should sit in the adjacent chair. I had known people such as this during my childhood days in Montana. They always acted as though their supply of words was limited and they were afraid to waste one or two of them. So, I sat and waited for her to respond.

"You say you are a sister? Does that mean that you are a nun?"

"Yes, I am Catholic nun, but I have spent the last fifteen years working as an assistant to the director of Governmental Nursing services in Washington. I was trained in an OB/GYN specialty and it was thought that I could apply my training to the children and adults in Leverton. So, with your impending retirement, they sent me as your replacement."

Once more, there was a long silence between us.

"We don't get much call for a children's nurse. Not for the people either. The people who live around her are of a healthy nature. Besides, we ain't got many children in Leverton."

"Oh, I've been misled. I thought there was a grade school here."

"There is, but the kids don't come from Leverton!"

I wanted to follow up on that statement, but from the look on her face, I knew that would serve no useful purpose. Again, a deep silence reigned on that dusty porch. Finally, she spoke,

"Look. Margaret, is it?" I nodded. "There are two things about Leverton that you should know right off and, after I fill you in, I don't doubt but what you will be hightailing it out of Leverton!"

I could only sit there and wonder at what she was going to tell me.

"Margaret, I'm plumb dry. Would you like a glass of homemade lemonade? I got plenty in the fridge." 

Again, I nodded and she painfully rose and went into the house. All of her seventy-one years were showing their effects, but what I saw as she rose and walked away from me was startling in the extreme. Just like the young girl, Thelma was wearing one of the short kilt-like skirts! Only hers had somehow become stuck around her waist and, as she walked away from me, I looked directly at her very bare butt! In just a few minutes she was back with two frosty glasses of what I took to be lemonade. She was also carrying a huge book that looked like a photo album under her arm. When she sat down, I got a full view of her vaginal area. Those skirts were certainly not meant for the shy or faint of heart. I hadn't realized just how dry I was and that first swallow of lemonade sure hit the spot.

"Margaret, I'm going to break some of the silence that we observe here in Leverton whenever strangers happen in upon us and show you a couple of pictures."

As she said this, she flipped open the album and shoved it over to me.

"This here picture is of the class of students who entered our school eight years ago. And this picture is of the same group of kids only now they are about to graduate. In fact, they will graduate this June. See anything interesting?"

I looked at the picture and all I could see were the smiling faces of about fifteen or so young boys and girls. For the life of me, I couldn't see what she was getting at.

"Them kids are in exactly the same positions for both pictures. Pick out one of them and look at him in the two pictures." 

I did as she directed me and I was just about to say again that I didn't see what she was driving at when it hit me! I had selected a young boy in the front row and, when I looked at the picture of eight years before and compared it to the present-day graduation picture, I could only stare in startled disbelief! There were no differences in the two pictures! I looked up at her with a question in my eyes.

"Guess you done seen what I wanted you to see. In eight years, none of those children have changed one iota!"

"But, Thelma. How can that be?"

"You'd never guess! Those ain't human kids at all! They are shape-shifters from space!"

Now it was my turn to stare at her. 

"MY God, Woman! That can't be! Surely, you are mistaken!"

"As the old saying goes, 'No way, Jose'! What all of those high muckity-mucks in Washington never told you is that Leverton is a training station for space aliens and it has been so for nearly two centuries. We have been told that we got schools like this on the planets where these kids come from! It's some kind of reciprocal agreement!"

Now, the silence was really deep and lengthy. Somehow, I couldn't bring myself to believe that what this old woman was saying was really true!

"Them people can take on any shape they wants to, but they have to go back to their home planet if they want to change that shape. That's why they don't age when they are here. Another thing, honey. Those aren't kids! I have no idea just how old they are, but I have been told that they are really adults! They come here to learn our language, our science and the rules of our civilization. You see, we are one of the few species in the whole damn universe that are hunters and killers by nature. These kids all come from planets where killing is unheard of. Now, if that ain't enough to convince you to go on your way, well you probably don't have the sense God was supposed to have given you."

I sat for a very long time while I attempted to digest what she had just told me. I wanted to tell her that she must be crazy, but something in her manner told me that she believed all that she had said. And, there were the pictures. How was I to explain them? For the life of me, I couldn't think of a thing to say. So, I rose, handed her my empty glass and started down off the porch. She had obviously anticipated my departure for she told me, 

"Five -- six miles down the road and you'll come to the Interstate. Take a right and about twenty-five miles further on and you'll see a motel. Ain't the best, but it will get you in out of the weather. One other word of warning, if by some really strange chance you should decide to come back, be sure and take a careful look at the surroundings before you pull out onto the interstate or you'll never find us again!"

In a state of utter confusion, I got in my car and proceeded in accordance with her directions. She was right. The motel was nothing to write home about, but it would shelter me for the night. I sat for the longest time and went over and over what that old woman had said.

"Margaret, for a very long time, you have hoped for a chance to have something approaching an exciting life. If you go back to Washington, you are going to be sent to some heaven-forsaken convent completely out of the way. This might be your only chance to experience something other than just a cloistered existence, but, alien children? How could I put up with that?"

I spent three days in that run-down excuse for a motel and each day consisted of a constant argument that I waged with myself. It wasn't only the probable presence of children from outer space, but it was also the blatant display of a loose sexual attitude. I quickly recognized my true problem with regard to this last condition for I was a virgin! The sight of my Director engaging in a sexual act had not only excited me, but it had been my first introduction to sex between adults! So, I was not sure of my response to this element of the social fabric of Leverton. Could I live in an environment where sex was practiced openly by nearly everyone in the town? And what of all my church teaching and experience? How could I reconcile a sexually-free community with my religious beliefs?

The nights were the worst part of my days in the motel. No matter how hard I tried, I kept on seeing Thelma's genitals and, in some crazy way, I felt the return of the excitement I had experienced on the day I watched the Director's sex escapade. The excitement I felt became so strong and insistent that, on the second night, I woke to find myself stroking the lips of my vagina! I quickly jerked my hand away from my vagina and rolled over to sit upon the side of my bed. I wanted to pray, but I also wanted to let my hand wander in between my legs again! After several minutes of this, I surrendered. I rolled back onto the bed and pushed my hand down between my legs! It was an amazing sensation and I spent the rest of the entire night stroking myself. Finally, as morning was arriving, I underwent a violent explosion in my belly and thighs. I lay there huffing and puffing as my breath slowly came back to me and the roiling in my belly slowly subsided.

"Oh, lord, that was terrific!"

I spent the morning rubbing my vaginal lips until I was struck again by that massive explosion. Again, in the afternoon, I stroked myself to yet another explosion! But, I wasn't finished. That night, once I was lying on my back in bed, my hands went to my vaginal lips almost automatically and I kept at my vaginal stroking so long that I exploded three times during that night! The next day, I consoled myself with the fact that I was still a virgin for, up to this point, I had not allowed myself to insert a finger into my vagina. In some crazy, twisted way, I still considered myself to be pure and unsullied. 

It was nearly four in the afternoon when I finally made my decision. I started the engine, wheeled the car around and headed for Leverton. Thelma had, as usual, been correct. I had to drive back and forth along the interstate highway five times before I finally recognized something that I had seen as I left Leverton and even then, I felt like I was driving into a solid wall of foliage. At the last minute, the trees and shrubs seemed to part and I was looking at the lonely dirt road leading into Leverton. I was vastly relieved to pull to a stop in front of Thelma's little house. She was sitting in almost the exact same position that she had been occupying when I left. Her attitude was one of staid expectation. 

"Evenin' honey. I was wondering if you'd come back. Come on in and we'll have some supper."

I don't believe that there was one word spoken during the meal, but then, once the dishes had been cleared, Thelma re-opened the conversation.

"Have trouble findin' the road?"

"I sure did. It took me several trips until I recognized a tree next to where I had left the road. Even then, I wasn't sure that I wasn't making a mistake by heading into what looked like a solid forest!"

"Yeah, I know. That's Leverton's protection. Don't know how they do it, but it makes it near impossible to find us. Mos' people end up in West Leverton. That's the old place over the mountains. It ain't nothing now but a bunch of ramshackle buildings. Nobody has lived there for gosh, I don't know how many years. You were kind enough to listen to my ramblings, now, it's your turn. What in hell are you doing in Leverton? And, don't give me that relief spiel."

"The ostensible reason for my being sent here was, as I told you, to be your replacement. Actually, I've been exiled. It was either Leverton or a post as Mother superior for some out-of-the-way convent in Timbuktu. So, Leverton seemed the best of two awful possibilities."

"How did you manage to get yourself in such a pickle?"

"As usual, in these kinds of stories, it was because I made a blunder. One day, there was a phone call for the Director which I answered. It was from our secretary in the President's Cabinet and she insisted that it was urgent. So, I put her on hold and went looking for the Director. Now, the building where our offices were located is fifteen stories high so there was a lot of territory to cover. I had just about given up finding her when one of the junior office secretaries rather snidely asked if I had looked in the basement. As she explained it to me, the Director often went down to the basement to check on the A/C in summer and the heat in winter. I had not been aware of this so I took that person's suggestion and went down to the basement. Even there, I looked and looked and I was just about to give up when I noticed the elevator had a button for the Lower Basement. I pushed that and descended even deeper into the bowels of the building. When the elevator door opened, I was treated to an almost impenetrable darkness, but, off in the distance, I could just make out a very weak light. I picked my way through all of the old stuff that was stored in this part of the basement and finally got to where I began to pick up certain sounds. Without any warning, I suddenly stepped out from behind a huge crate and I was staring into a small room whose walls were made out of packing crates. In the center of this room was a bench about three or four feet long and, kneeling on this bench, was the Director! She wasn't just kneeling on the bench. Rather, she was all tied up. Ropes went around her chest on either side of her bosoms and those ropes were so tight that her bosoms were squeezed into half their normal size! They were squeezed so tightly that they were no longer white! Her nipples looked as though they would explode off her chest at any minute and the bulk of her bosoms were a deep red color from all of the trapped blood.

There were ropes around her waist and legs that held her in that kneeling position."

Here, I paused in my description of what I had found for I was about to embarrass myself.

"Go on! Surely that wasn't all that you saw!"

I swallowed hard and then resumed my story.

"No, that wasn't all that I saw by any means. Of course, the Director's hind quarters -- because of the rope -- were forced up into a very high elevated position and there was some kind of machine behind her that was steadily forcing some kind of metal arm into her .... well...you know?"

"What you're trying to say is that this machine was fucking her in the ass! Isn't that it?"

"Er.. yes. I suppose it is."

"Was that all? I think there was more, wasn't there?"

"Yes, there most definitely was more. There was some kind of attachment fixed to her face. This thing held her mouth open like one of those things that are part of a horse's harness!"

"And?"

"And there was a huge black man thrusting his .. you know ... his thing into her mouth!"

Thelma clapped her hands and shouted!

"Oh, boy! What a novel way to get a blowjob!"

"Get a what?"

"A blowjob! Oh, I see. You have never heard of that, have you?" I shook my head in a negative fashion. "Well, Margaret, a blow job is when someone sucks on a man's cock. Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but, now that you have decided to remain in Leverton, you are going to experience all of that and more. We don't have many people in Leverton who go in for that bondage stuff, but there are a few who like to inflict pain on others and, sorry to say, there are some who seem to need the pain to fully enjoy their sex antics. For Pete's sake, don't stop now. What happened next?"

"At first, neither the Director nor that big black man saw me. I hadn't meant to sneak up on them, but I guess I was quiet enough that they didn't hear me. Thelma, you must believe me when I tell you I was rooted to where I was standing. I had never before witnessed two adults engaging in ... well.. sex! Their actions seemed to go on for a very long time and then the man gave several almost animal --like sounds and he began jerking his hips and buttocks. I could see the Director's throat convulsing as she attempted to swallow something. Then, a mass of a whitish-yellow stuff began oozing out from around her lips. She was grunting like an animal, too. The big man just kind of leaned over her head and they both became very still. I thought that they might have passed out, but, then, the man began pulling his thing out of the Director's mouth. My God! Thelma, that thing was huge! Anyway, at about this time, he turned and looked me straight in the face. His face broke into the most evil smile I have ever seen. Somehow, that broke the spell that had been holding me and I turned and ran to the elevator."

"That man didn't say anything to you?"

Thelma's question had caught me completely by surprise and I couldn't immediately bring myself to answer her. Then, in a very low voice, I said,

"Yes, he said, 'You can be next!' And he laughed like a demon!"

"What happened when the Director came back into the office?"

"Nothing! Absolutely nothing! It was as if neither one of us wanted to be the first to bring up what I had witnessed. Within a month, I got word through the grapevine that I was to be reassigned. So, here I am!"

Thelma nearly exploded with laughter. Then, when she had finally quieted down, she said, 

"Come on, Margaret. Let's go to bed. Tomorrow is going to be a wingding of a day."

"Er, Thelma, may I, make a request of you?" She nodded. "I much prefer to be called, 'Maggie'. So, if that's okay with you, would you please introduce me in that way?"

Once more, Thelma nodded. 

As she rose, she slid her kilt-skirt down and off her legs and shucked of the blouse she had been wearing. In seconds, she was stark naked! I gaped at her brazenness and then I realized that she was waiting for me to do the same thing. I got a hold on my natural reserved persona and slowly took off my clothing. 

Abruptly, Thelma stepped over close to me and, before I realized what she was doing, she slid her hand down along my spine, onto my buttocks and then into the crevice between them. I wanted to jump away from her invading hand, but something kept me rooted to that very spot. I felt an inquisitive finger-tip investigate my wrinkled hole and I was surprised at how stimulating it felt. Then, Thelma's hand slid even further under my ass and in between my legs. Rubbing my own vagina had been terrifically exciting to me, but the presence of Thelma's fingers upon my vaginal lips was ten times more arousing. As she began to rub my vaginal lips, my hips began moving in an unmistakable bump-and-grind motion. 
