 I walked up onto Thelma's porch and dropped the brown-wrapped parcel into her lap.

"Oh, I see that you got my sausages. Did you tell Hans that they were for me and that he should put them on my bill?"

"Yes!"

Thelma looked up at me with a quizzical look upon her face. 

"Did something go wrong?"

"NO!"

"Well, then. Don't you think you should tell me what has made you so angry?"

I stood there for some time while my anger gradually cooled. Thelma had always been honest with me so I felt that I owed her an answer.

"I found out something today about Leverton and the people who live here that I don't really like."

"Oh? And what was that?"

I stammered and finally stopped trying to answer her all together. I was having a very difficult time in getting my thoughts together. Thelma must have realized something of my distress for she said, 

'Take your time and just tell me all that happened. I am assuming that you got to the Butcher Shop okay?" I nodded. "Then, am I to also assume that something happened IN the Butcher Shop?"

"Yeah!"

"Well, why don't you try starting from when you entered the shop and tell me, step-by-step, all that happened. Would it be easier if you sat down?"

I didn't really answer her. Instead, I just plopped down in the second chair. I took a deep breath and started in on my story.

"I couldn't see anybody in the shop when I first got there, but I could hear someone breathing awfully heavy. I looked around and finally I spotted a head over behind the meat counter. So, I walked around the end of the counter and I nearly dropped to the floor when I saw what was going on. There was a blonde woman sitting on a little stool with each of her legs propped up on two other stools. Thelma, as I watched, that woman was stuffing sausage links into her pussy one by one and then laying them on a meat platter! I could only stare at her while she continued stuffing sausage links into her open pussy. Believe me I have never seen anything so gross as this. Finally, she paused, looked up at me and spoke."

"Oh, Hello. You are the new nurse aren't you?"

Al I could do was to nod my head.

"Don't be bashful. I'm Hilda. I'm planning a little party for tonight and I just noticed that my store of sausages was low so I came by to get some more. Hans is out of the store at the moment, but perhaps I can help you. What is it that you want?"

By this time, I had found my voice so I was able to answer her.

"Thelma sent me to get some sausages for tonight."

"Okay, I can handle that for you. Just reach in here and get the tray that has Thelma's name on it." 

As she was saying this, she slid open the back of the display counter. I gasped for there were almost twenty meat trays each with some woman's name on it. These trays were sitting inside the display case and most, if not, all of them contained sausages! I looked around for a minute or so as I sought to identify Thelma's particular tray. When I found it, there was another shock in store for me for, sitting next to Thelma's tray, was another and it had my name upon it! I just stood there and stared at this empty tray as though I were mesmerized. The woman's voice broke my trance. 

"Go ahead. Have you found Thelma's tray?" I nodded. "Well take whatever it was that she wanted you to get. Most of us use these trays to store our sausage cache so I would imagine that is what she has on her tray."

"After having watched Hilda using her pussy as a means of seasoning her sausages, I was reluctant to pick up any of your sausages. You don't do that do you?"

'Sure. We all add our own personal seasoning to the meat we buy. As soon as you get a place of your own and begin doing your own cooking, you will do the same. I know that this must have come as a surprise, but I can't believe that this bit of lustful activity would set you off all that much. There must have been something more?" I nodded.

"I had picked out the sausages you wanted and was in the act of wrapping them when Hilda spoke to me again."

"Maggie, she said, I know something of your history so I probably know the answer to my question, but I'll ask it anyway. Have you ever tasted female?"

"I wasn't certain just what she meant by that and she continued before I could ask her to explain." (Thelma was about to burst with laughter at this point in my story.)

"Have you ever sucked cunt?"

"Her blunt remark hit me like a blow to my solar plexus. I'm sure that my mouth dropped open with surprise. Slowly, I shook my head."

"Would you like to taste another woman's cunt?" As she said this, she retrieved a sausage from inside her cunt and offered it to me."

"And, I'll bet a dollar to a million that by this time the beast in your gut was just about to chew his way out and your excitement level was probably about as high as the Rockies. Ain't I right?"

"Yes, Thelma. You are correct. Watching another female while she used sausages to fuck herself had driven my arousal to a very high point. I hesitated. I really did."

"But, then you reached over and took the sausage from Hilda's hand. Didn't you?"

"I am ashamed to admit this, but yes, I did. Hilda had pushed another sausage link up into her pussy and, while I debated, she pulled that one out and began nibbling on it. Frankly, I thought oh, what the hell! And I took a bite of the one I held!"

"I'll bet you were surprised again at just how good it tasted."

"Yeah, you're right. So Hilda and I slowly consumed those pussy-treated sausages. Then, she hit me with yet another blow. She gave me a sly smile and said, 'Would you like to lick the pan where those sausages were cooked?' with both hands, she pulled her pussy lips apart and I looked into the pinkish walls of her inner pussy channel. Thelma I never thought it possible for someone of my age and experience, but, as I stared down at her open pussy, I just couldn't resist the temptation. I slid down upon my knees and got my face up close to her open pussy. I could smell the female odor emanating from her pussy and that was exciting. Hilda reached for the back of my head and began applying a slow, unremitting pressure to my head. She kept pulling me in closer and closer until, with a sudden flicking of my tongue, I tasted her pussy. From then on, there was no stopping us. I thrust my tongue as deep into her as I could. I had my mouth plastered against her pussy lips and my nose was actually nuzzling her clit! I reached under her legs and got hold of her buttocks. I began pulling her onto my tongue and she, in response, opened her legs even wider and wrapped her thighs about my head!"

"There was no doubt in your mind that this was a good thing to be doing?"

"Absolutely, but, to be honest, I wasn't thinking about anything but the sweet taste of Hilda's pussy! And that is why I didn't hear my next surprise creeping up on me!"

"What was that?"

"Thelma, the first thing that I knew someone or something was blowing on my ass hole! I still find this hard to believe, but, as I swiveled my head to see what was happening to me, I saw a man crouched on all fours behind me and his face was plastered against my ass! As I watched, I saw his tongue come out of his mouth and give a swipe upwards from my pussy to my ass hole! Can you believe that?" 

"Sure. That was probably old Hans Boorman. He has a liking for female asses."

"But, why was he doing this to me?"

"Honey, he was undoubtedly trying to see if you were in heat!"

"But, Thelma! We human females don't go into heat like the animals do!"

"Oh yes we do. Look Maggie, we human females are blessed by our creator to be able to have sex whenever and wherever we want it. So, in one sense, we are always in heat - albeit at a very low level. We are always psychologically and physically ready for sex, but, when we get really horny, we start juicing. I'm certain that you not only know what that means but that you are probably experiencing it right now! That juicing stuff emits a smell and that smell is full of pheromones. Hans was just trying to ascertain just how horny you were. Once he smelled your cunt juice, he knew that you were ready. So, he fucked you!" 

Once more, I was shocked by Thelma's off-hand description of this perverted male.

"Well, don't keep me waiting! What happened next?"

"Sorry, but I'm a little ashamed and embarrassed by what that man did to me. As I looked back at him, his tongue made five or six more swipes along my pussy and it always ended up with the tip of his tongue resting squarely in my butt hole! Suddenly, he pushed the tip of his tongue INTO my ass! I jumped with surprise, but it didn't seem to phase him. He took hold of my two ass cheeks and pulled them apart. He pulled so hard I thought I was going to be ripped wide open. Then he stuck his tongue completely into my ass hole!"

"Bet you liked that! Now you know why it is imperative that you clean yourself every morning!"

"I do have to admit that the first thing that I felt was an immense shiver going up my spine. I was just about to say something when Hilda grabbed the sides of my head and pulled my face back into her pussy."

"Look, honey. Instead of, 'pussy' you should call it her cunt. There is a hierarchy of female sex mouths and you should follow it when describing them. For the elite and sophisticated female, there is a, 'vagina' whereas for the run-of-the-mill females such as those you worked with, it is called a, 'pussy', but here where females shed their social niceties in order to enjoy a raw fucking, it is called a, 'cunt'."

"But Thelma that is such a brutish and rough term!" 

"Yes, my dear it certainly is, but, in Leverton, we pleasure ourselves by indulging in the rawest of sexual activities. This may hurt your sensitive feelings, but, before you leave Leverton, I'll bet that you push your tongue in somebody's ass as was done to you today! Your beast will not permit you to forego such an adventure!"

This blunt statement of what I might do someday took all of the wind out of my sails and I went quiet. The two of us sat there for sometime before Thelma re-started the conversation.

"Are you going to tell me the rest? If I know old Hans, he didn't stop there. He must have stuck his cock in you somewhere."

"He pushed his penis into my..er...cunt!"

"Maggie, you mean his cock! And how did that feel?"

I looked at her and grinned. "It felt really great!"

"And?"

"We fucked and sucked for the longest time. I know that other people came into the shop. I heard them. Some of them even stood by the counter and whispered as they looked down upon what we were doing."

"And, you didn't give a damn! Right?"

"Honestly Thelma, I couldn't have cared less."

"Was your beast satisfied?"

"After several orgasms, Yes it was at least temporarily satisfied. The butcher and I rolled apart and I got up and picked up your sausages and left."

"Didn't Hans offer for you to make some sausages of your own. Believe me, sausages that are rolled in the juices of your cunt just after a good fucking really taste great."

"Yeah. He mentioned it and ...well ...at that point I was so hot that I couldn't say, 'no'. So I worked up a tray of my own."

"Bring any of yours home?"

"Yeah. I've got two of yours and two of mine. I thought that would hold us for the evening."

Thelma's laughter rang out loud and clear.

I had a helluva time getting to sleep. Every time I rolled over I either saw Hilda's hairy cunt staring me in the face of I felt Hans' breath up inside my ass. Finally, I rolled over and closed my eyes so I could concentrate upon staring into Hilda's cunt. Somehow I had drawn my knees up until they were touching my chest. That made my butt pooch out. As I stared into Hilda's cunt, my right hand lazily moved back over my taut hip and my finger began to tease my butt hole. The feel of my finger circling around my taut hole was almost the same as Hans' breath had been in its' results. Shivers raced up and down my spine and, before I realized what I was doing, the fingers of my other hand had crept into my own cunt. I was reliving that wonderful experience of this afternoon and I felt myself getting closer and closer to coming.

All of a sudden, the finger that was working at my butt hole was swept aside and a warm pair of lips took its' place. I looked over my shoulder and saw Thelma with her face buried between my ass cheeks. I wanted to tell her not to do that, but it felt so damned good that I just couldn't. I stared at what I could see of her face so I knew when she came up for air. 

"Thelma, that feels so un-Godly good, but it puts you in a beastly position."

"What's wrong with that? I am a beast! I lost all semblance of humanity a long time ago and you are in the process of losing your humanity, too. Haven't you realized by now that this is the effect that Leverton has on all of us who live here? This is what these damned aliens are striving for!"

I must have gasped for she continued,

"Didn't I tell you that while you live here you will do many things that you may have considered either strange or sinful in your past – or both? Now you should realize that you will do these things because you - deep down – have always wanted to experience this down and dirty sex. I have told you that you have a beast in your gut. Well, soon, very soon, that beast will take over your body and your senses. Whatever inhibitions you may have brought with you will disappear here in Leverton. I think it is time for yet another lesson. Roll back over onto your back. Lock your arms together behind your knees and pull your knees completely up to your chest. Now, roll over onto your knees with your face in your pillow."

I was in a very straight-jacket kind of position. My ass stuck up into the air and my ass cheeks were pulled open. Thelma was doing something at her dresser, but I did not dare to look at her to see what it was. She climbed back up onto the bed and I felt a finger brush my butt hole. That finger seemed to be spreading something all around my hole. Then, abruptly, Thelma thrust her finger into my ass! It caused me to jerk and I almost lost my grip on my knees, but, I didn't. For several minutes, Thelma worked that solitary finger in and out of my hole and I was just beginning to really enjoy the sensation that was making when that finger was withdrawn! As with the first finger, two fingers were suddenly thrust into my ass and we went through the same routine. Thrust in and draw out and, after a while, withdraw. Then, replace two fingers with three! When I felt the sudden incursion of three of Thelma's fingers, I almost screamed. I didn't and, in just a few minutes, these three fingers were belaboring my butt. I was having trouble breathing and I desperately wanted to let my legs loose, but, just as I was about to suggest that I had had enough of this kind of stimulation, Thelma pushed four fingers through my butt hole and past my over stretched sphincter! This did cause me to gulp in air suddenly and then I let out a small yelp of pain.

"Oh, oh, oh! Thelma! Please stop! You are tearing me wide open!"

Her response was sudden and forceful. She withdrew her four fingers and replaced them with her entire hand! I gagged on my saliva as I tried to swallow and breathe simultaneously. Surely, this wasn't meant to be pleasant or to bring on a climax for, by now, my belly was all tied in knots. I was gulping like a fish out of water, in an attempt to get some kind of objection out that would bring Thelma to her senses. I just couldn't. That hand was pushing further and further up into my ass passage. I turned my head to look back at Thelma. She was kneeling alongside my hip and her hand and arm was definitely deep into my ass. In fact, I looked to me as if her arm was in me up to her elbow! Her face showed an evil grimace as she commenced pumping her hand and arm in and out of my ass! By this time, I was up onto my knees and crawling toward the edge of the bed in a vain attempt to get away from her only the pressure that her hand was exerting on my guts was enough to hold me at her side.

Without any warning, I felt her other hand slide in under my hips and two of her fingers took hold of my clit. They were pulling on it and twisting it and rubbing it. My clit has always been exceedingly sensitive so, in a matter of seconds, I was breathing heavily as I felt a gigantic orgasm building in my guts. Explosively, the orgasm washed over every nerve ending in my body. I gulped in air in a vain attempt to somehow match my body reactions to the force and violence of that orgasm. It was to no avail. The orgasmic wave would not be denied. Suddenly, I was flooded with sex-oriented images. I saw couples fucking and I saw women tonguing other women. I saw hordes of rampant penises and just as many hairy, gaping cunts.

"Whoa, baby! That's about as far as we should go!"

Thelma's voice broke my trance and I looked around at her. 

"You are the one who has been pushing her whole arm up my ass, so what do you mean by saying we've gone as far as we should go. If you feel that way, just stop!"

"Listen, bitch! For the last few minutes you have been screaming at me to go deeper into your ass and you have been pushing back on my hand and arm. It is your fault that I am this far into you!"

I was astonished. How could this be happening to me? Surely Thelma was mistaken. The last thing I remembered was crawling towards the edge of the bed in an attempt to get away from her brutal assault. Only, if that were true, why was I over halfway back into the bed! I felt Thelma's hand begin to slide backwards out of my ass and suddenly I knew that I did not want that to happen!

"Please, Thelma! Don't pull your hand out! Push it into me deeper than before. Please, I need that sensation. Do this for me!"

Her hand paused in its' withdrawal and then It began to push deeper into my bowels. Where pain had been the major sensation before, now a form of sensual satisfaction was growing in my belly.

"Squeeze my clit like you did before."

What a great feeling of total commitment began to sweep over me. I wanted that hand and arm in my body and there was no way that could be denied. It took just a matter of seconds and another huge orgasmic wave engulfed my entire nervous system. This time, it blew my mind and I lost all touch with reality.