 Meloon Wardragon slapped the buttocks of the young half-elf bent over his bed as he pounded into her. She let out a squeal and bucked backwards against him, squeezing his cock within her warm crevice. He ignored her cries as he struck her several more times, turning her cheeks from pale cream to a rich rosy red. He held back from using his full strength, knowing from previous experience that while the woman wouldn't protest his misuse, if he bruised her too badly she would sulk and instead seek one of her many other lovers to satisfy her near insatiable lust instead. 

Meloon had no illusions that he was her only lover, nor did he want it otherwise. They met two years ago when she was 20 and he 41. She was midway through her paladin training and was looking for a fighter to show her some tricks. Meloon had always been willing to lend a hand to up and coming adventurers, and she was no exception. Meloon had not expected that their relationship would be anything other than mentor/protégé, as much as he'd admired her looks. Full lips and big blue eyes set in a sweet, heart shaped face, framed by masses of white-blonde hair, Rosalita Cassalanter was an acknowledged beauty of Waterdeep. She had inherited her graceful, willowy build from her elven mother, but the human heritage from her father gifted her with full, ample breasts and a curvy behind. The youngest daughter of an ex Open-Lord she also had the noble breeding and status to open whatever doors she wanted. Her temperament was as sweet as her face, and she had a reputation as being extremely good natured and obliging, though none too bright. 

Their first lesson had left them both hot and sweaty. The young paladin wasn't very strong but she was fast and agile, her rapier moving with speed he couldn't keep up with. Her training had been excellent, but she lacked practice against a much stronger opponent wielding a heavier weapon. While clearly her superior with a blade, Meloon was gratified to see that she had the basics down, and she led him quite a chase over the sparring ring. 

Afterwards she suggested the two of them take a dip in her pool to cool off. She stripped and dove in, heedless of her own nudity and so he did the same, conscious of his own hardening erection. He had barely entered the water when she pushed him against the wall of the pool and kissed him, wrapping her legs around his waist, impaling herself on his swollen manhood. 

As Meloon remembered that first time his balls swelled and he thrust faster into her willing passage. He reached under her to rub her clit, and as highly responsive as always, she let out a moan as she convulsed under his touch. This triggered his own climax and he unleashed his seed, withdrawing as he did to spray over her firm cheeks. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Rosalita Cassalanter hummed a jaunty tune as she skipped down the steps from Meloon's room to the main taproom of the Yawning Portal. Reaching the bottom she located her companions at a table close to the well, and sat down carefully, her bottom still sore from the spanking Meloon had given her. 

"You're late. Where have you been Lita?" Her cousin Beatriss asked with concern. Before Lita could reply, the aasimar sitting at the table answered for her.

"Where do you think? She was upstairs getting her pussy filled. Who this time?" 

Lita smirked in response. "Meloon Wardragon. Not that you can judge me Itri. You telling me you didn't get your dick wet earlier with Yagra over there?" 

Lita nodded to the bar where the tall half-orc was buying a drink from Durnan the bartender. 

Itri leaned back in his chair, and stretched in satisfaction. "What can I say? She can't get enough of me. And she fucks as hard as she fights." 

Beatriss covered her ears with her hands. "Do I have to listen to you two bragging about your sex lives again?" 

Just the group was joined by their fourth member, a halfling calling himself Lukan. 

"Boss." He greeted Itri, then nodded at the two women and poured himself a drink from the mug on the table. 

Lita wasn't sure what to think about Lukan yet. He somehow managed to tag himself along with Itri, pretending to be his servant. Lita knew she wasn't the smartest woman around, but even she could tell he was a criminal of some sort. Despite her reservations she trusted Itri, so she hadn't objected to Lukan joining them. Itri was her closest friend, and she trusted his judgement completely. He was studying to be a wizard at the Blackstaff Academy, so he was clearly very clever. Lita and Itri had a lot in common, including a healthy enjoyment of sex, and a lack of desire to settle down. Despite this, the two had never been lovers, preferring instead to keep their friendship platonic and to wingman each other. Lita was Itri's ticket into the parties hosted by the youthful nobility, while Itri brough Lita along to all the student events. 

Lita looked up from her contemplation to see Yagra heading towards their table. From behind her rose a large troll, climbing out of the well that lead down to the Undermountain. Creatures coming up wasn't entirely unheard of, but a troll was a rare sight. Lita moved fast, drawing her rapier and charging towards the troll. 

Yagra's heavy brows furrowed in confusion as the pretty half-elf apparently charged towards her. Then realisation hit and she spun around, cracking the troll's chest with a might blow from her axe. As the troll moved to retaliate, Lita ducked low to stab it in the armpit. The troll shrieked in rage, and a green blast of magic hit it square in the chest as Itri joined the fray. 

Not to be left out of the fight, Lukan ran up to a nearby table and picked up a lit lamp, throwing it directly into the troll's face. The fire did its work well, preventing the monster's wounds from closing, but it was not enough to bring it down. It pummeled at Yagra with its fists, preventing her from getting in another swing. 

Lita took the opportunity to stab it again, and a lucky blow pierced the creature through the heart. It fell to the floor with a resounding crash. 

Durnan strode over, large broadsword in his hand. "Good work. Seems you dealt with it without me. You have my thanks and a round on the house."

Lita beamed in excitement. 'This was our first troll! Can I have the head please? I want to mount it on my wall as a trophy. Do you think you could cut it off for me?"

Durnan smiled at Lita, her enthusiasm was contagious. "Aye lassie, sure thing. It's not everyday one slays a troll after all. And that little needle of yours might have taken it down but it'll never remove its head. " 

He swung his sword and decapitated the troll with one easy stroke, then lifted the body and threw it back down the well. 

Itri looked at Yagra. "You wanna earn some coin? Take that head to the Cassalanter estate? Give it to their butler, tell him that Lady Rosalita would like it send out to be stuffed and mounted." 

Yagra nodded in agreement, and after receiving payment from Lita, easily swung the troll's head over one shoulder. 

"Well, well, well. Just what I am looking for! A band of brave adventurers! I am Volothamp Geddarm, you may have heard of me? You've no doubt read my book? No matter, there is no time to waste! My dear friend has been kidnapped! Can I interest you in a dangerous, but well paid mission to rescue him?"