 We sat for some time in complete silence while I considered and digested what Henry had just said. I now realized that I had always harbored a secret thought that –someday – I might decide to leave Leverton. Now I knew that this was all but impossible! Henry broke our silence by asking me to tell him all that had happened this morning. I hesitated for I was reluctant to reveal what had been done to me and how I had reacted to such things. However, after some more prompting, I began outlining for Henry what my morning had been like. I spoke really slowly at the outset, but, as my story began to unfold, all of the gory and shameful details seemed to just pour out of me. I felt a sudden sensation around my cunt and, as I looked down at myself, I was astonished to see that I was blithely rubbing my cunt! My heels had somehow gotten up onto the chair and my cunt was blatantly open to all who cared to see. In some crazy way, this impulsive action made it easier for me to tell my story. 

"So you see I wasn't traveling on all cylinders when you grabbed my arm and I'm not certain that I would have been able to make it to Granny's and my bed."

He was silent again for a considerable period of time. Then, when he did begin to speak, he caught me completely by surprise.

"Maggie! Maggie! Maggie! Stop this nonsense. I don't care that you are lying to me, but I do care when I know that you are lying to yourself! The details that you have laid out for me in all that gory minutia are not really what occurred!"

I was aghast that he should have called me a liar when he wasn't even in attendance during my debasement.

"Maggie, if you are ever to complete your transition from civilized human to uncivilized animal, you must be honest with yourself!"

"Alright, Mister know-it-all. Suppose you tell me your version of what I experienced in Jesse's house."

"Fine. I shall gladly do so. First off, you may have been apprehensive as you say you were, but most of that apprehension came from the desire in your gut. You are intelligent enough to have come to the conclusion that somehow or in some way Jesse was going to fuck you this day. I think that you have always secretly hoped for that to happen especially since the day that you saw the snakes in Jesse's tank. I think that deep in your belly you have always wondered what it would feel like to have something like that in your gut. So, when you climbed up on that table, your cunt was already wet - so wet that you were probably leaving a trail of cunt juice across Jesse's body. And, the nearer you came to realizing your deep felt desire, the more excited and apprehensive you became. By the time you got into position astraddle of Jesse's body, you had almost reached the point of climaxing!

I'm certain that this next part of your story was probably correct, but it didn't occur quite how you have described it. Either Thelma or Granny did lean down and whisper something to you, but it wasn't what you have told me. They probably said: Reach back and take hold of Jesse's organ. Make sure you guide it straight into your anus. And, when we tell you, twist and turn your hips so that Jesse's organ will make the turn in your gut!

That is the correct message you received, isn't it?"

I gulped and I could not answer him. I would have had to admit that he was right! So, he continued,

"Then, you took hold of Jesse's organ and put the head squarely against your anus! You were surprised at how soft the skin of Jesse's organ felt and how smooth it was. You may have paused for one last fleeting moment before you began to push yourself back onto Jesse's organ. Then you began the inch-worm movements. You would lift up your hips as much as you could and then, while holding Jesse's organ firmly in both hands, you would let yourself slide back onto it. With each humping movement, another two or three inches of cock slid up and into your anus. Oh, I don't doubt that you screamed just so the others would know how much pain and agony you were feeling, but the truth is you felt amazingly good as more and more of Jesse's organ slid into your anus. You would have rammed it all inside of your anus if that had been possible. You must have sensed – on the day of your arrival – that something of this order awaited you here and now it was coming to pass! Tell me, did you have to hold your climax in check? I'm sure that you were the most surprised one in the room when you felt that first massive climax begin its' ascension into your belly. I can almost hear your thoughts:

"This can't be happening to me! It is not possible to have an orgasm that results from the stimulation of your anus. Normal, ordinary females just don't experience things like this!"

"Still, you couldn't deny that your orgasm was getting more and more insistent. As Jesse's cock slowly disappeared into your anus, I'll bet that the thought occurred to you,

"And I can do this every time it is offered!"

"And then, all of Jesse's cock was inside of you and you and Jesse were as one. That must have been a new experience for you. You and Jesse were bound together by foot after foot of her organ. For the first time in your life you were truly united with another living creature. That feeling must have been exciting! But then, those spoilsports began puling Jesse's cock out of you and you had to leave. You weren't so much upset as you were disappointed at feeling her cock sliding out of your anus and realizing that your morning's fun and games with Jesse were over."

"Well, if you know so much, why did you ask me to tell you what I experienced?"

"I wanted to test you. If you had told me the truth of your experiences, I would have known that you have successfully made the transition from human to animal, but, since you made up your own version of what happened, I now know that you still have some distance to go! You are not yet ready to make the final jump from human to animal. Yet you witnessed that very transformation this morning. That young teacher's actions that you described for me signified her transition from human to beast. She will always be completely beastly now and only partially human. She has experienced the sensations of her beastly, 'heat'! Something that you also shall experience."

Henry's audacity in declaring me a liar and his thoughtlessness in telling me that I was destined to experience a sexual, 'heat' made me exceedingly angry so I bolted up out of the chair and started for the door. Henry's voice stopped me before I could leave.

"Naturally Maggie, you are free to leave, but I want you to see something before you have completely decided to go."

Henry stood up and slowly and with a degree of menace, un-zippered the fly of his trousers. I didn't know it at that point but I was about to get another lesson of Leverton life. Henry reached into his now open fly and brought forth a very black cock. I almost laughed after having experienced four or five feet of Jesse's cock just an hour or so before because Henry's cock was at most only two or three inches long! Not only was it exceedingly small in length, but it was topped by an outsized head. That head looked as though someone had smashed a normal male's cock head with some kind of bat. It was flat, round and thick. A sudden realization hit me.

"Maggie, you can never hope to get that thing through your lips and into your mouth!"

This thought and the realization that I could even consider such a horrific action brought a blush of embarrassment to my cheeks.

At first, he merely held his cock between two of the fingers on his left hand. Then, as I stared in disbelief, it began to grow in both size and length. Very soon, Henry had to add more fingers in order to support the thing that was literally growing from his crotch area. These fingers were followed by his entire hand and this, in turn, was aided by the addition of his other hand. Even his two hands were not enough to completely obscure the head of his cock and soon a pronounced cock head was definitely visible above the level of his two hands!

I couldn't take my eyes off that majestic thing as it got bigger and bigger! I felt saliva drip from my mouth and I knew from the wetness on my thighs that my cunt was dripping, too. Somehow, my one hand slid back behind me and I began stroking my anus. I moved to insert one finger into my ass and was startled at what I found. My ass had always consisted of a small, puckered opening, but now it was a gaping hole perhaps an inch and a half in diameter. Not just one finger, but four went up into my anus easily. 

By now, I was gasping in an attempt to get my breath as Henry's cock continued to grow. It had attained a length that I estimated to be twelve to fifteen inches longer than his two hands. Some quick addition and I knew that I was looking at a cock that was somewhere in the vicinity of two feet long! I felt the first beginnings of a climax-rumble deep within my belly from just looking at this wonderful tool.

"If you want this, you must come and take it into your anus yourself."

Henry's sneering look and his supercilious attitude brought my anger to the fore once more. I turned on my heel and marched directly to the door. My parting remark was not very lady-like.

"After listening to your superior description of what you think I went through this morning, well you can just go to hell! I'm going home and get some rest and, as far that two-bit cock of yours, you will just have to fuck yourself!"

I couldn't help but take a long last look at that magnificent cock as I stormed out the door. My anger provided enough of an impetus that I traveled perhaps two hundred yards before my inner urgings began to take over. That cock had been so beautiful and, although it wasn't as big as Jesse's, it was truly a very large organ. I managed another ten or twenty yards before I came to a dead stop. The juice from my cunt was running down the insides of my thighs and there was a definite demand from my anus and my gut. I stood there trembling as I was pulled in two different directions. I hated Henry Killgallen. Of that, there was no doubt, but I desperately wanted the feel of that monster cock in my guts.

"Well Maggie, what shall we do? Go home for some rest or go back for still more fucking?"

I realized that I had turned and was now facing in the direction of Henry's mortuary. I took this to signify that I had made up my mind and I was determined to get more fucking. I started for Henry's rather slowly. I still wasn't certain that I wanted to surrender myself to this haughty bastard. But that cock! BY the time I reached the corner of his establishment, I was almost running. I burst through the door and was surprised to see Henry standing in the exact same position as I had left him – his marvelous cock still held out in front of him.

Neither one of us said a word as I walked into the mortuary. I moved across the room to a position directly in front of Henry. I looked into his eyes and knew, at once, what he wanted me to do. I slid slowly down onto my knees and took hold of his cock. I pushed my tongue out as far as it would go and began licking his cock. I licked his balls and along the stem of his cock until the whole thing was coated with my saliva. I didn't attempt to open my mouth and take that misshapen head into my throat for I knew that was impossible. When Henry's cock was thoroughly coated and slick, I turned around and presented my rear to his gaze. He uttered the first and only words that I heard.

"It is apparent that you have received your black worm!"

"Why? How can you tell?"

"You have the ever present black circle about your anus opening. Only those who have swallowed the black worm show that."

Suddenly, I remembered the dark circle I had noticed on Thelma's and Granny's asses. Now, from what Henry Killgallen's had said, I was marked in this same obscene manner!

"Maggie, pull the chair over in front of you and use that as your support."

I moved the chair as he had suggested and then turned my back to him again. I leaned forward until both of my tits were hanging over the back of the chair. I reached up and began twisting my nipples and a sudden burst of excitement blasted through my nervous system. In just a few minutes, both of my nipples were hard and standing erect. I stroked my tits and found that they, too, were firm with excitement. A few strokes of my tits and my nipples and I was as excited as I had been that morning sitting on Jesse's porch waiting to be fucked. Now, I was waiting again only, in this instance, it was I who was preventing my body's acceptance of Henry's cock. I began backing up towards his rampant cock and, as I had done at Jesse's that morning, I reached both my hands back behind me and took hold of his cock. It felt amazingly like Jesse's. It was smooth and soft and my excitement increased until I thought I might burst. I was leaning over the back of the chair and I knew that Henry was not going to do anything to further this penetration of my body and that I must, therefore, do it all.

I guided his cock head up to my open ass and moved just a fraction of an inch closer to him. This was close enough so that I felt the cock head pushing against my once-puckered ass hole. Jesse had done a very thorough job preparing my ass for just this sort of invasion. That massive, flat cock head pushed through my hole and into my sphincter without any trouble whatsoever. While enduring Jesse's fucking of my ass, I had been rather hesitant. Now, I knew what it was that I wanted so I pushed myself onto Henry's cock with a forceful and decided movement. I felt a wonderful sensation all through my guts. I pulled a little bit forward and let an inch or two of his cock slide back out before slamming myself back on it with all the force I could muster. I had to cry out for my impetuosity had resulted in not only a great feeling, but pain as well. I pushed back even more and I knew when I had reached the turn in my bowels. I began wiggling my hips and knees and, before I knew it, that cock head was past my turn and headed across my belly. Obviously, this was something more that Jesse had bequeathed me.

Henry's cock was almost completely inside of my ass. I could feel the stiff, wiry kind of pubic hair that surrounded his crotch area. Henry's words about being united with another creature came to my mind and I knew that this was a sensation that was not felt by very many people. I wasn't facing Henry, but we were tightly bound as if we had been tied with a stout rope. I slowly began sliding forward and letting his cock slide out of my ass. As I felt the head reach my sphincter, I stopped, took a very deep breath and then slammed back on his cock with all my strength! 

I growled as I felt it surge into my guts. Henry was correct once more. I was a beast! So, realizing this, I fucked him as an animal of the forest would fuck: with long, rapid and forceful strokes. My whole being was given over to this fundamental effort. 

Henry was unlike other, human males. He came and he came and he came and every time, I met his ejaculation with an inner eruption of my own. We didn't stop. Rather, I pushed the chair away and the two of us collapsed upon the floor. My breathing was harsh and rapid and it took me several minutes to regain my composure. Animal fucking was definitely harder upon your constitution than the much milder human variety.

"Care for another glass of wine?"

"I definitely think that would be a very good idea."

We sipped our wine sitting cross-legged upon the floor.

"Maggie, there are still a number of things that I need to tell you. Most of the cunts here in Leverton are only partial animals. The fungal presence in their guts keeps them sufficiently sexually excited that they think they have reverted to an animal status, but, in truth, they have not. Once every three years or so, they undergo a fucking by whatever creature is fulfilling the part of Jesse and this convinces them of their animal status. There are three females in this town who are true animals. Granny and Thelma are two of them and you shall make the third. An invasion of your body by Jesse's cock every three years will not be enough for you three. So, you will go into heat and Jesse will fuck you every six months! This will keep your animal instincts strong and virulent. But, with even this six-month fuck, your desire will not be appeased so you three will make visits here every week and Blake and I shall provide you with the fucking that you will require. We shall maintain a schedule for the three of you. You shall come here every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Granny will be scheduled – as she is now – for every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Thelma shall come here on the same days as you. We have never had to double up before, but Blake and I have talked it over and we think a foursome would be interesting and probably exciting. I have been talking with Wilma and she is working upon some devices that we could possibly use to bind the four of us together at one time. The others, Blake, Thelma and Granny have all given their blessing to this. What do you think?"

"Henry, I just have two thoughts. When do we begin!"

"You have already begun. Look out the window!"

When I turned and looked out of the window towards the street, I was astonished to see a crowd of males standing there. Each of them was stroking his cock and they were obviously waiting for me. I felt a sudden rush deep within my belly and I knew that I was truly in heat. I wanted every cock I saw!

Henry spoke and told me to go and meet my destiny. I rose, stepped to the door and, with a very defiant air, threw it open and stepped outside. I started running and for a few seconds I led the pack, but then one of the men grabbed my hip, swung me around and threw me to the ground! Like a pack of sex crazed tom cats, they were on me. I was immediately thrown to the ground and male cocks began pushing their way into me! Every opening was stuffed with a cock and I held two more in my hands! The mass of bodies – mine included – rolled in the dirt. The men each uttered his idea of a beastly growl! I heard myself emit a feline scrawl as I was fucked and fucked and fucked. My feline growls filled the quiet air. All in all, it was glorious!

Then, as quickly as they had come upon me, the men were all gone! I lay there groveling in the dirt with semen running from each of my orifices. I was totally spent and I just didn't have the strength to rise and go home. Then I felt a hand trying to lift my hips and a well-known voice was saying, 

"Get up on your knees!"

Somehow, I found the strength to comply with this order. I rested in a kneeling position for several minutes when suddenly I felt a horrible penetration of my ass hole.

"Oh," I whimpered. "Don't do that to me now. I am completely exhausted."

A voice that I recognized as belonging to Thelma told me to hold still. In a matter of a few seconds, something hard and cold had been inserted into my ass.

"Okay, pussy. You are ready to go home."

I looked around and saw that Granny and Thelma were on opposite sides of me and, when I glanced over my shoulder, I was pleased to see my lovely horse's tail swinging below my hips. We three mares started our trek to Granny's with our tails swinging out proudly behind us.