 ONE : The Slave of Izan

Before the slaver had taken her from Izan and brought her to Xyanwer she had known it as the City of Nightmares. It was the last of the Nine Cities -- or the first, for it was said to have been built so long ago none knew who built it -- and more ships sailed to it than returned from it.

Casiel had seen it first by night, when she and two of her fellow slaves had been brought up from the caged holds onto the deck of the slaver's ship. Beyond the docks the oddly irregular white stonework of the city shimmered in the strange lights that emanated from the narrow windows of three high towers that rose far above the rest of the buildings.

Even now she could not say for sure what colour those lights were, for they were all colours and none, a shifting un-light that seemed to drain the vitality from anything it touched. Casiel had looked to the others and in that light their soft, golden tanned skin looked more like inanimate wax than living flesh.

They did not stay on the deck for long, for even the slaver's crew -- hard, cruel men of Jasjan and Zal -- did not like to walk in that light too long. They took the slaves inside, to a well furnished cabin where the slaver himself drank and diced and jested with a young woman who wore purple silk and black leather.

Darnizhy.

Darnizhy was a little taller than Casiel, and when she had stood up the square heels of her long leather boots had added further to her height. Her hair was short and dark, cut in tight at the sides, and this combined with her slender, slim-hipped figure to give her an almost boyish look, though her soft voice and easy movements were undeniably those of a woman, and a woman of confidence and power at that.

That night she had worn a high collared shirt of rich purple silk and tight fitting black leather trousers tucked into her long black leather boots. Her long black coat was flung casually across the back of the chair in which she had been sitting when Casiel and the others were brought into the cabin, and from which she rose to walk over to the three slave girls, who stood straight, with their hands behind their backs and their gaze lowered, as was expected.

Caasiel had been born a slave, and was accustomed to being inspected, though now that she had turned eighteen those inspections had become more far more probing and often very uncomfortable for her.

This had been different. Darnizhy's touch had been firm, certainly, and she inspected the three girls as fully as any other potential buyer -- as she thought of her then -- might do so. Only Casiel had found her body responding to this touch as it had done for no other, and when Darnizhy placed her fingertips under her chin and tilted her head up to look at her directly she found herself wishing that this woman would be the one to buy her.

Her features were not soft and rounded like those of the Izani girls. They were striking, clearly defined, with high cheekbones and eyes that were almost golden. Casiel felt lost in those eyes, and her cheeks flushed and she looked down again, only then noticing the tracery of thin black tatooing that was visible above the collar of Darnizhy's silk shirt.

A quick glance at her fellow slaves, as they were in turn inspected, made it quite clear that all three shared the same response to this woman.

Darnizhy had turned back to the slaver, who had been watching them in silence, and smiled. "I accept your stakes, Sador, " she had said and sat down again, picking up the dice from the table where they lay amidst wine cups, platters of food and some papers.

The slaver had chuckled. "You're confident tonight, Darnizhy. How do I know you won't cheat me?"

Darnizhy shrugged. "Your men can stay and watch me, if you wish. Just tell them to keep their hands off of my winnings."

That was the other thing that Casiel remembered most clearly. This young woman -- perhaps only five or six years older than herself -- had been entirely at her ease. She wore no sword or dagger and was alone among men whom Casiel knew to be not only slavers but pirates, rapers and murderers, but she showed no fear.

Indeed, from watching the wary looks they gave her, and listening to the deferential manner in which they spoke to her, Casiel had soon realised that it was the slavers who were afraid of Darnizhy.

= = =

That had been three seasons ago. Darnizhy had won Casiel and the two other slaves in the game that night, and now Casiel lay between black silk sheets in the large bed where she had spent so many of the nights that followed.

She had been awakened by a dream, though the memory of it was already fading from her waking mind. She rolled over and saw that she was alone. Her mistress had been out when she had gone to sleep, and at first Casiel was unsure if she had yet returned.

The room in which she lay was part of Darnizhy's chambers, which occupied the uppermost floor of one of Xyanwer's strange, unwelcoming buildings. The ceilings were high, the doorways and arches oddly angled, and the rooms laid out according to some plan that followed no purpose but its own. It was easy, in this place, to believe the old stories that hinted that the city had been built for beings quite unlike those who now dwelled in it.

Looking around Casiel saw that three lamps had been lit, though they lit the room only dimly and threw out shadows that did not always appear to be follow the architecture of the room. In their light she saw the slender figure of her mistress, standing on the balcony beyond, looking out across the docks as she often did.

Casiel slipped out of the bed and walked quietly across the room toward the balcony. She was naked other than for a tight fitting harness of soft black leather straps and the leather collar that was locked around her neck. Darnizhy had placed the collar on her that first night, and Casiel would never want it to be removed.

The stone floor of the room was cold against her bare feet and so she walked, where possible, on the rugs and carpets that lay over much of the floor. It was a warm night, without wind, and she did not bother to pick up a robe to cover herself. Besides, she rather hoped that her mistress would be in the mood to play.

Though she walked quietly she saw Darnizhy tilt her head slightly as she stepped out onto the balcony. She did not look round, but kept her gaze on the docks below and the waters beyond. There was a newly opened bottle of wine on a small table near to her, and a half filled cup rested on the stone balustrade she leaned on.

"Go back to sleep, Casiel." Her voice was soft and controlled, as always. She was always in control. Casiel loved that.

"Mistress?"

Darnizhy did not reply. Casiel walked up behind her and leaned into her back. The soft silk of her mistress's midnight blue silk shirt was cool against her bare breasts, but the strong, slender body beneath it was warm. Casiel rested her head on Darnizhy's shoulder, her hands moving round to play idly with the silver studded belt of her black leather trousers.

"What are you looking at?"

"A ship, at anchor, beyond the harbour." Darnizhy lifted her wine cup to her lips and drank. "They won't come into dock until dawn."

Casiel nodded. Ships did not dock in Xyanwer at night, not under the strange lights of the high towers. She raised her head from her mistress's shoulder -- a little reluctantly, because it was so comfortable there -- and looked out.

The balcony of Darnizhy's chambers afforded an excellent view of the docks and the waters beyond. The high towers could not be seen, being behind them in the city proper, but the buildings that were visible still shimmered in the un-light, though it did not touch the balcony itself. Indeed there was no part of Darnizhy's chambers that did fall directly under that light, and Casiel had come to believe that this was why she had taken them.

She did not question that. She knew much more of Xyanwer now. She knew that the three high towers were the dwellings of Those Who Reign, and of Them she knew little more than that, nor did she want to.

She knew also that Darnizhy was an agent, who acted as an intermediary between the merchants and others who came to Xyanwer and the Houses, and that her authority came from Them, and was thus absolute within the city.

Darnizhy rarely spoke of her business, and Casiel and the others had quickly learned not to ask too many questions.

The others were gone now. Casiel did not ask about that either.

"Do you know whose ship it is?" She hoped it would be a merchant who had an arrangement with one of the other agents, so that her mistress would not be pre-occupied for days to come in the business of exchange. Those were not easy days, and Casiel was always glad to see the ships depart at the end of them.

"It's hard to say from here, " said Darnizhy. "From the lines of the vessel and the shape of the sails it may be Sador Sal." She paused and when she spoke again there was an edge to her voice. "If it is him he's late. I expected him several days ago."

Sador Sal. The Jasjan slaver who had brought Casiel to Xyanwer.

"Come to bed, Mistress."

"I told you to go back to sleep."

"I'm not tired." Casiel rubbed her bare breasts against her mistress's back and kissed and licked the back of her neck, behind her ears. "Are you?"

"I gave you an order, slave. Do I need to get my whip?" Darnizhy leaned back into Casiel's embrace, and did not object when the girl began to undo her shirt, tugging it up from her tight fitting leather trousers and sliding it off of her back to let it fall to the stone tiles in a soft, shiny puddle of midnight blue.

"You haven't needed your whip to compel me since our first night together, Mistress."

"No? I recall it took rather longer for you to learn obedience."

"Only because I knew that if I was disobedient you would punish me."

Darnizhy laughed.

"You're either the best trained slave I've ever had, Cas, or the worst. I can't decide which."

Casiel smiled and stroked and kissed her mistress's shoulders. The tattoos she had glimpsed that first night on the ship were more extensive than she had thought. They ran down the sides of her neck, across her shoulders and upper back and down her upper arms, fading out just below her elbows.

They were, so far as Casiel could tell, abstract curves and arcs, like the twists and turns of a desert thorn bush. At times she thought she could see images intertwined within them -- of serpents, of scorpions, of spiders -- and at other times she imagined she could discern writing, though of no language she knew of. Usually she saw only curving lines.

She knew that the tattoos, and the black metal ring in the shape of a scorpion that she wore on the forefinger of her left hand, were what marked Darnizhy as an agent, and what gave her the power to sit at ease among slavers and pirates and, she now understood, in more terrible places than that.

"I think I'm the worst, " she said playfully, reaching down to the small table nearby where a short multi-thonged whip with an ebony and silver handle lay. She picked it up and handed it to her mistress. "You should punish me for that."

Darnizhy took the whip with a soft laugh and turned in Casiel's embrace, facing her now. As always the look in those golden eyes made the slave weak, and wet. She would have instinctively dropped to her knees had her mistress not taken hold of both ends of the whip and looped it around her neck, holding her upright and very close.

"Since you're so disobedient perhaps I should sell you back to Sador."

"Mistress?"

Casiel looked up at Darnizhy, searching those beautiful golden eyes for some sign that it had been said as a jest, but not finding any.

"I don't understand. Have I displeased you in some way?"

"It's not for me to be constant, Casiel. I deal in the exchange of goods, and you are a slave, to be exchanged as I see fit. Remember where you are."

"But Mistress..."

"Not another word." Darnizhy emphasised the command with a pull on the whip. "You are a slave and you will not argue with me about this."

Casiel wanted to cry. She knew it was true, and had done ever since the other girls had gone, first one, then the other. Even so she had thought that she was different. She obeyed her mistress, served her, even feared her at times, but above all else she loved her, and though Darnizhy never said so, she believed that at times she had looked into those golden eyes and saw that love reflected in them.

Darnizhy pulled on the whip again. "Do you understand?"

Casiel lowered her gaze.

"Yes, Mistress."

Darnizhy tossed the whip aside and it landed with a clatter on the table, knocking over the bottle of wine. Casiel turned her head slightly and watched as the dark yellow liquid dripped onto the stone tiles.

Out of the corner of her eye one of the lamps in the chamber behind them flickered, and went out. Blown out by the wind, Casiel thought absently.

Only there was no wind.

She looked up again to Darnizhy, but she was no longer looking at her. She was looking past her, to the chamber behind them, as the second lamp flickered, and went out.

"Mistress..."

Darnizhy did not answer. She reached out and took Casiel in her arms, one hand on her back the other moving up into her soft blonde hair.

There was something in the chamber. Casiel felt it now. A presence. She had felt it before. Twice before.

Only then it had been distant. Now it was close. So close.

It was behind her.

She moved to turn her head but Darnizhy's grip tightened in her hair and forced her to look straight ahead.

Behind them the last lamp flickered, and went out.

"Darnizhy..."

Her mistress held her head tight, still not looking past her, into the now darkened chamber. Without the illumination of the lamps the reflected un-light from the city beyond the balcony seemed stronger.

"Don't look back, Cas, " said Darnizhy.

= = = = = = = = =

TWO : The Slaver of Jasjan

The next morning the ship docked in Xyanwer and the crew busied themselves with various small tasks in peparation for the work to come when their cargo would be offloaded and they would -- if all went well -- take on the rare, strange goods that could be obtained only in the City of Nightmares.

None of them disembarked from their vessel. Not yet.

Sador Sal stood by the rail, looking out over the docks. There were two other ships in port -- a fat bodied galleon from Kandar Kul, and a low lying vessel with the sharp lines and triangular sails of Nidras. The quays were busy with sailors from those ships, with small local traders, entertainers, cutpurses and cutthroats, and whores -- and which was which was often unclear -- and here and there the hunched, cloaked and cowled figures of the Thralls who served the Houses of Xyanwer.

Sador was, and would readily admit to being, a slaver and a pirate. He had killed many men -- some who deserved it, some who did not -- and taken many women -- some who wished it, some who did not. He feared neither man nor god, but not for anything, in this world or any other, would he take one step off of his own deck until he had spoken to Darnizhy and reached an agreement.

She kept him waiting longer than usual, and it was almost midday before he saw her riding through the archway that led from the docks into the city itself. She dismounted at the archway and walked the rest of the way, a slim figure in midnight blue silk and black leather.

Darnizhy walked as if she was the only person on the quay and the crowd parted for her without her having to break stride once. Sador saw a few sailors tugged aside by their more experienced crewmates, but the locals stepped aside with nods and smiles and polite bows that were all equally unheeded, and the Thralls shied away from her in the way a man would snatch his hand back from a open flame. She wore no sword or dagger, and never had done in Sador's experience. She didn't need to.

Sador was there to greet her with a low bow as soon as she stepped onto his deck. "Lady Darnizhy, " he said in a tone his crew would find uncharacteristically polite, "It is good to see you again."

"You're late, Sador. You were supposed to be here three days ago."

The slaver flinched at her tone, and those of his crew nearby did not linger to hear any more.

"I was... delayed." He spread his hands in apology. "I did not think a day or two would make a difference. Was I wrong?"

Darnizhy looked off to the side, across the docks and to the city beyond, where the high towers of Those Who Reign stood starkly against the midday light. There was no lights in the narrow windows during the day, but Sador still didn't like to look at them too long.

"It doesn't matter, " she said, turning back to him and clasping his hand. "It's good to see you too, Sador. Your manners are better than mine now. You sound more and more like a Lord with each visit you make to Xyanwer."

Sador laughed. "Every time I come here I am one step closer to being a Lord."

He said it in jest but it was true enough. This was the sixth time he had brought his ship to Xyanwer, and the success of his previous five ventures had taken him from being nothing more than a roving pirate, barely subsisting on the scraps left behind by the Lords of Jasjan, to being very close to becoming one of those same Lords.

Darnizhy gave him an appraising look. The Jasjani wore their wealth on their backs and at their sword belts, and she was no doubt noting that his fur cloak was thicker than the last time she had seen him, his gold bracers heavier, his sword hilt more intricately worked.

"If you continue this way I might regret not taking you up on your offer to me on our first meeting, " she said.

"I will always regret that you did not, " replied Sador.

That was a lie, and they both knew it. On his first venture to Xyanwer he had attempted to seduce the then twenty year old agent, and looking at her now as she stood casually and confidently on his deck, he did have a moment of regret that she had turned him down. True, he thought, she was slimmer than he preferred, but there was a fine set of firm tits under her open necked blue silk shirt and long black leather coat, and her black leather trousers clung tight to a superb set of legs and quite possibly the finest arse he'd ever seen.

Even her short hair only accentuated her striking features, with those sharp cheekbones and golden gaze. Sador had an expert's eye for such things and could reckon at a glance the likely value of any woman -- and many men -- to the slave markets of Zal or Kandar Kul, and he didn't doubt that Darnizhy would have made a superb prize.

Assuming the buyer did not know what the fine black tattooing visible at the collar of her shirt signified. Or the ring on her forefinger, shaped like a scorpion and of a metal he knew came from the dark lands. Sador knew exactly what those signified, and would as soon have taken a live scorpion to his bed as tried to take possession of this young woman.

Besides that they were business partners -- perhaps even friends -- and that enabled him to come to Xyanwer to trade, and that in turn was worth more to him than an entire shipload of slaves, no matter how valuable they might be.

So it was a lie, but Darnizhy accepted it with a smile as a harmless flirtation between friends, and Sador called over a servant to attend them with trays of wine and sweetmeats as they descended into the holds of his ship.

"So, " asked the agent. "What do you have?"

Sador waved a hand as they walked, indicating the caged compartments that made up much of the holds. "Kuwari from Tang-Xiel mainly, along with girls from Izan, boys from Zal and a Nidrasi troupe that I obtained from a ship of the Perfumed Fleet."

"Obtained?"

