 Second request story, woo! This one features a lot, and I mean a lot, of cum-slurping and girldicking. If that's your (man)jam, then read on!

* * * * *

Bex pulled her glowing sword from the head of the mudman. The thick, tarry slop that comprised its body was disintegrating now, but it was still sticking to her magic-infused blade. Pouring some of her Will into the weapon's hilt, the etched runes on the blade glowed for a second. Her power heated the blade, melting what was left of the creature into a thin dirt soup.

"Blech," she grumbled, "I hate fighting mudmen."

Bex sheathed her sword and removed her helm. A long day of trekking through a swamp and maybe 15 minutes of actual fighting had matted her short blonde hair to her face and neck. The entire interior of her plate armour felt clammy and uncomfortable thanks to the exertion, and she longed for the sensual relaxation of a hot bath once they got back to town. 

"You should try shooting arrows at them," responded the woman to Bex's immediate right, who was pulling shafts from another mud corpse. "I could have been here for a month of Godsdays and not have done a thing to these sticky bastards. Thankfully, I didn't have to." 

Shauna was the group's ranger. Fearsome at long ranges and, thanks to a pair of daggers, also deadly up close. Her nimble dodging allowed her to wear a lot less than she used to. Instead of full leather armour, the cut of her cuirass allowed most of her belly to be exposed. Her arms were naked down to her wrists, which had a pair of toughened hide bracelets to ward off incoming blows. Gone were her breeches. That had been a source of controversy in towns where it was unusual for women to wear long pants. But their replacement, a short cut skirt that met her hip and knee roughly in the middle, was not much better when it came to not drawing attention.

Rini, their pint-sized pyromancer, was hard at work trying to control the scattered remains of fire spells she'd tossed. Her infernos baked some of the mudmen into pottery, allowing some to be easily shattered by Shauna's enfilades or Bex's blade. Rini's black bangs and pigtails actually smouldered if you looked at them long enough, like a campfire that could roar back to life with just a little bit of fuel. Her outfit was even more scandalous than Shauna's, having altered her robes into what was basically a sundress. It was lucky that she was so short, as any great amount of movement of her legs would have surely showed off her panties to anyone who cared to pay attention. As it was, her heaving breaths allowed her proportionally impressible bossom to surge in its cloth confinement. 

"I just hope we'll be able to turn in a bunch of mud and shards of broken pottery to the Bounty Board," Riri said, snuffing out the last of her wayward embers. 

A roar that shook the trees interrupted their trains of thought. From one of the potterymen poked a large, green fist. Another one appeared on the opposite side. Then more holes, each one causing a spiderweb of cracks to form in the defeated being's body. One final effort from a boot to where the pelvis would have been rendered the creature's shell into a thousand dried out pieces. Riding in the cacophonous chaos was the newest member of the group: Zelena, the larger than life Orc witch doctor. 

"I love when they break apart!" she bellowed. Her long black ponytail whipped around with her foot as she shattered the last intact part of the construct with a savage roundhouse kick. The Orc wore the most armour, aside from Bex herself, decked out in hides and furs of her native homeland despite the atrocious heat they sometimes encountered. It meant she was always sweating, which didn't seem to bother the other members of the party.

Bex didn't know how to feel about Zelena. She wasn't prejudiced against orcs, per se, but the green woman's violent nature and domineering personality could make it hard to respect her as a trusted ally. She seemed to take to her official role, that of the group's healer and mender. But she took a somewhat perverse thrill from breaking things and being an absolute menace to the poor civilians in the towns they travelled through.

Rini and Shauna, however, had taken to her swiftly. Once Zelena made her special healing potions, it convinced them that they needed her. She was a mascot, in a way. Though brash and boorish, she did her best and helped when it was needed. And that was what mattered during an adventure!

Bex and her two companions had been together for two years now. They formed a powerful unit, covering each other's disadvantages and supporting one another in times of crisis. Ever since they'd brought Zelena on, however, Bex had noticed some changes in Shauna, and especially in Rini. Both had been fairly modest, goal-oriented women. But lately it was as if they were more focused on having fun than the task at hand. Their outfits had gotten more...interesting, revealing more skin than Bex's religious heart would prefer. Rini said she didn't need armour with her powerful spellwork, and Shauna excused her exposed body by saying that it made her more nimble. Bex trusted them to know what they were doing, but it seemed like an unnecessary risk to her.

With the mudmen defeated, the four women gathered around to collect what little they could from the creatures in terms of valuables. A few rusted iron tools and weapons, likely from eating a goblin or twelve, and half a dozen silver pieces fused into a single blob, likely from...well, Goddess only knows where.

"Zelena, do you have some healing potions?" Rini asked. "I'm exhausted after that fight!" Shauna nodded too, looking to the large Orc with wide eyes. 

Zelena sighed, opened up the backpack she'd shed in the fight, and pulled out a pair of round glass vials about the size of a halfling's fist. The fluid inside was offwhite and slightly glowing, surely a product of her alchemical prowess. She handed one to Rini, who popped the cork with a flick of her finger and downed the whole thing. Thick healing magic slid down onto her tongue, and instantly the mage looked revived. Her eyelids fluttered, the droopiness in her limbs vanished, and her spine straightened up.

Zelena handed the second potion to Shauna, but the ranger didn't down it like Rini had. Instead, she offered it to Bex.

"No thanks," the Paladin declared proudly. "I trust in my Goddess to protect me. That and my armour." They shared a smile. Despite the strangely debauched outfits Shauna preferred these days, Bex knew she was a wholesome, good-hearted person. But magic that didn't come from Heaven was not something Bex's order condoned. It didn't ban it, or declare it heretical like some religious sects did, but health was a gift from Her Grace and Favour, not gained through alchemical trickery.

"C'mon Bex. Try it!" Shauna implored, shaking the container and making the white fluid in it jiggle. "It's nothing more sinister than a herbal remedy. All natural ingredients!"

"But I'm not hurt!" Bex said.

"It makes you feel fresh and revitalized, even if you aren't hurt. C'mon, just try a dose."

"How many times do I...ugh, oh very well." Bex grabbed the vial. It wasn't against her Order's teachings, specifically. And if she didn't like it, she could just tell Shauna so and never hear about it from her again. "If it'll get you to shut up for once."

Downing the potion in a trio of gulps, Bex immediately felt a pleasurable warming sensation in her throat. It tasted strange, a bitter, salty flavour that clung to the back of her throat once it was gone. Not unpleasant, but not something she'd consume on a daily basis. She almost complained about it having no effect when the warmth in her throat spread out down her chest and up to her head. It felt so good!

"Oh...oh Goddess," she said, clutching herself as if to keep the warmth in. It flowed down to her extremities, bouncing off her skin like waves in a pond, filling every part of her being with a pleasurable heat. The fatigue from the battle evaporated. The nicks and scratches she'd received since their quest began faded back into her natural skin colour. It was like she'd woken up from an amazing dream and was ready to take on the entire world anew!

The blissful glow faded away to a residual tingle. Bex composed herself, wiping her mouth to catch the drool that had slid down her chin. That had been one heck of a potion!

"C'mon, Bex!" Rini called. The others were already on their way down the road. Embarrassed, the Paladin dashed off to catch up with her group.

* * * * *

They travelled another five miles that day before setting up camp. Exhausted from the marching as much as from the fighting, the group yearned to relax and get some well-earned rest in a clearing astride a turbulent river bend. All four women took the chance to bathe, though Bex once again shunned the chance to share in the experience with her companions.

With her armour shed, she gave her body a once over to make sure he hadn't any lingering wounds that might need a deeper cleaning. But there was nothing. Even the scar from a Goblin's arrow that had pricked her shoulder was barely visible now. Zelena's potions appeared to have almost...miraculous effects. She cast aside that idea, closing her eyes and focusing another thankful prayer to her Goddess. If the orc was capable of wonders, it was only because she'd been sent to help Bex on her noble quest to help the downtrodden. 

That night, Bex readied herself for bed in the two-person tent she shared with Rini. The mage was combing her long, black hair. It had stopped smoking and looked just like ordinary hair now. 

Nothing worse than choking to death on your own theatrics while trying to sleep.

The Paladin knelt at the foot of her bedroll and pressed her hands together in payer. Between her fingers rolled an elongated image of the Goddess. It was a simple design. Rather than the gold or gem-adorned talismans that some of her order favoured, hers was silver and devoid of extraneous detail. It represented Her presence, and as a focus for Bex's prayers. She could feel the power of her own faith flowing into the object, and the energy be returned to her threefold once her chanting was over. Without that power, she was but a woman with a sword. Not the divine crusader for righteousness she had striven to become.

Bex was just about to settle in to sleep when she heard a peculiar noise. Like some lightly tapping on a tin cup. It continued every few second. It didn't sound like an animal or bandit, so she didn't spring out of bed. Instead, she listened intently, trying to piece together what it could be from the evidence available.

"Do you hear that?" Bex asked, reaching for her sword.

Rini giggled into her pillow. "Go to sleep, Bex. It's none of our business."

But the Paladin would not be deterred. She crept to the tent flap, looking out into the night in search for the source of the noise. Another sound joined the light tapping, and this one was much easier to place: it was a low, female voice moaning.

Bex blushed. The noises were coming from Zelena and Shauna's tent. She could even see the canvas shudder with clockwork precision opposite the lewd vocalisations.

"O-oh my...I had no idea that Zelena and Shauna were...were..." Bex stammered, holding a hand to her breastbone.

"Fucking? Yeah, it's been going on for a while." Rini seemed so cavalier about it. Bex wondered how she'd not noticed something like this if it was so obvious to the other member of the group.

Chastizing herself for being so intrusive into the lives of her companions, she crawled back into bed. So what if they were having sexual intercourse? It wasn't any of her business. She snuggled deep into the pillows to try and take her mind off the noises coming from the other tent. But they were so vigorous and passionate that it was hard to ignore.

"I can't believe I've never noticed this til now," Bex said aloud, mostly to herself.

"This is the first time they've been so loud about it," Rini replied. "Maybe they're celebrating our victory over the mudmen or something."

Bex nodded, but remained perplexed by the relationship. When had it started? Shauna had always had an eye for cute males, after all. And not that female/female relationships were totally banned by the Church of the Goddess. Far from it, some orders even mandated their priestesses to take only women for lovers, as only the feminine form is a direct copy of the Goddess' own shapely body. Men are but crude facsimile in comparison. 

She settled into the bedroll, unable to avoid hearing the depraved noises coming from her friend and her Orc companion. It awoke something in Bex that she'd long since thought she'd purged away. She yearned to feel another's touch now more than she had since her Ascension Ceremony.

Thankfully, becoming a Paladin of the faith meant that she was encased in a steel chastity belt. Any urges that may have arisen from the sounds of sexual intercourse were thankfully kept as just that. No amount of wriggling would get her fingers to her unusually damp vagina. She drifted off into a fitful sleep, serenaded by Shauna's ecstatic moans.

* * * * *

Their journey to the Tomb of Korvok proved to be as dangerous as Bex had feared, and several times her companions had been completely healed of injuries that would otherwise had brought them out of action. They were eagerly chugging potions, and continued to offer the white bottles to Bex. Sometimes she turned them down, but there were other times that she took a dose. She justified it by citing a minor scrape or cut that she had, or just general fatigue from fighting so hard. Whatever she was suffering from, the pain disappeared when that viscous fluid slid down her throat.

There was a worry, a quiet one at first, that she was growing too dependent on the healing power of the potions. Her Goddess seemed to agree, as it was getting harder and harder to invoke her faith on the battlefield. Her sword's glow was barely visible bear the end of their journey. Perhaps her Goddess was punishing her for weakness? As a paladin, she had to be a bulwark against the forces of darkness. The moment Bex realized what her problem was, she licked the rim of her potion bottle and promised it would be the last healing draught she'd ever drink...except in a life or death situation. Or an emergency. But no more casual potion drinking, that was for sure!

This lasted eight days. Turning down the offers was easy...at least at first. But a feeling of chronic fatigue appeared at the third day mark. She became thirsty but no amount of water seemed to fully quench it. Worst of all was a feeling of emptiness in her body. Like she was this helpless shell, void of content. And that she needed to be filled to feel any relief.

On the ninth day, they encountered a patrol of hobgoblins. Normally, these squat brutes would have proved no match for the combined efforts of the adventuring party. But Bex found herself distracted. Cutting through their armour and breaking their weapons apart became difficult to focus on, and her swings often careened off their clumsy blocking attempts. Thankfully, Rini and Shauna were not so distracted, and easily routed the beasts. But not before Bex received a sharp pinprick of a stab to her shoulder! 

She flopped backward, recoiling in pain. The little hobgoblin cackled as he fled, having found a weakpoint in her jointed armour. It was barely a flesh wound, but Bex was ashamed at having been brought down by such a simple threat. A dark, worried part of her mind wondered if she'd let the monster prick her, just as an excuse to get another potion.

They cleared out the fleeing hobs and took stock of their situation. Bex shed her breastplate and leg armour, examining the wound as if it was a mortal blow.

"I think I might need one of those potions," she said, trying her best to sound casual about it. Deep inside, the thought of getting another mouthful of that intoxicating liquid was making her heart pound and her mouth water.

"All out."

Bex's neck snapped around to Zelena, who was casually cleaning off the blade of her hand axe.

"What?"

"All out, I said." The Orc pulled at the array of potions on her belt. Sure enough, none of them had the offwhite colour of the healing droughts that had brought Bex so much comfort. The Paladin stifled a wail.

"Well," she said in worried tones, "Could you make me another one? I don't want this wound to get infected."

Zelena shrugged. "I don't see why. That's barely a scratch. Where I come from, they wouldn't even wrap it up. Let the blood dry it out. Look like the fierce warrior you are, I say."

Bex fidgeted with the gauntlet she'd removed, playing with its armoured fingers. "I...I'd really like a potion now."

The Orc laughed. "And what are you going to give me for it, huh?"

Bex's eyebrows shot up. "What? We're a team!"

Rini and Shauna slid in on opposite sides of Zelena. They had a look of serene satisfaction on their faces.

"Well, it's more like a group where we follow around Zelena," Shauna said.

Rini nodded. "She's kinda the most important member, don't you think?"

Bex looked back and forth between her friends. "What are you talking about? She's...she's just our dumb Orc healer!"

Zelena laughed. "You sure about that, Paladin? You've been craving my potions enough. Time to see where the special ingredient comes from."

She took a hold of her furs and yanked them up. Swinging between her legs was a massive, thick, glistening green girlcock. Bex gasped, causing all three others to laugh.

"That's right. The secret ingredient to those healing potions you've been craving has been my sticky, salty semen. Sure, there's a few other ingredients in there. But the vast majority of the contents have come from my lusts. You've been a slutty sperm-drinker this whole time and you hadn't even known it!" 

It all fell together for Bex, even as her world flew apart. The reason her powers had been fading hadn't been because of her weakness, but because Zelena's sexual fluids had been corrupting her from the inside! Everyone knows that carnal lust is the antithesis of organised religion! It was a miracle the light of the Goddess has stayed with her this long! She'd have to prostrate herself at the nearest temple. She'd have to beg, plead for forgiveness and sanctify herself. 

She'd have to...

She'd have to...

Bex's thoughts slipped off their tracks. All she could focus on was the bulging meat between Zelena's legs. The knowledge of where the potions had come from had sickened her. Repulsed her! But now...now she knew the source. 

Shauna and Rini coax her forward. They pulled at her hands, making her stumble and almost fall.

"C'mon," Shauna said, tying back Bex's hair. "You know you want to. Just give in. It feels so good~"

Rini was equally insistent, helping Bex shed some more of her armour, exposing her chastity belt and long, muscled legs. "This is for your own good, Bexie. We promise you'll understand after you've had your first load straight from the source."

Bex dropped to her knees in front of Zelena. The scent of Orc filled her nostrils, making her swoon and salivate. Shauna massaged the back of her neck as if to help open it up. At the same time, Rini the Mage pressed her back, making her push out her tits as if they were an offering. Bex's last bastions of resistance melted the moment that fat, green prick touched her tongue. A soft moan slid through her lips. 

"That's it," Shauna cooed. "Good girl. Once you get your first fresh dose, you'll realise Zelena is in charge. She was our party's leader the whole time, we just didn't know it. We're all her companions and her obedient servants. 

Zelena's dick dripped precum almost immediately. Bex slurped it down eagerly, choking for a moment at how fast she'd tried to consume it. It tasted better than any food she'd ever had, but it wasn't magical like the potions. It was still quite tasty, and with it coating her tongue it made the Orc's cock taste wonderful.
