 When Zeke woke up he expected to roll over and be confronted with the sight of a blonde-haired angel sleeping next to him. What he saw however was an empty bed with a small note sitting on the pillow. As he sat up he reached over to read it. It explained that Melissa had been called in to work a night-shift when one of her coworkers had called in sick. She didn't really want to go, but she needed the hours to help pay for school as well as her bills and hoped Zeke would understand. She had also mentioned that she'd made Zeke some dinner, and left it in the fridge for him. 

"Well," Zeke thought, "at least this cuts out the awkward post-sex conversations." Zeke looked over at the alarm clock on the night-stand and saw that it was close to eight thirty, he'd only been sleep for a few hours. Standing up with a groan Zeke looked around haphazardly for his clothes. Seeing as it was eight thirty and the apparition had told him to watch T.V. around eleven Zeke figured he had just enough time to eat the food Melissa prepared for him, before he drove home and showered. 

He briefly thought of spending the night there, but the god had suggested he'd be busy tomorrow and that he needed to start practicing with his powers. Zeke didn't think he would be able to do any of that with Melissa around. They'd only finished having sex a couple of hours ago but already he was anxious for the next time. Now he finally understood why they say that men become infinitely stupider after they loose their virginity.

Redressing in his clothes from earlier he made his way downstairs to see what had been made for him. Melissa had made some meatloaf and mashed potatoes as well as a nice salad. He briefly wondered how he'd slept through all of that cooking. He noticed that she'd eaten some as well because some was missing and there were dishes and pans in the sink.

After eating he washed the little amount of dishes in the sink and then prepared to leave. As he was leaving he made sure to lock the bottom lock from the inside because he didn't have a key, and also made sure to send Melissa a text message. As he was scrolling down his contacts he couldn't seem to find Melissa's number anywhere. After finally giving up he started to type it manually only to find that the number had been re-registered under "sex-slave" in his phone. Zeke knew he should change the contact because Lin was prone to going through his phone but he couldn't help but smile. He decided to leave it as it was, besides what harm could it do. Shaking off all the other thoughts in his head, Zeke proceeded to send the message to his "sex slave". He knew her phone would be off while she was working but she would get it when she turned it on after work. After making sure everything was in order Zeke climbed into his car and made for home.

It's amazing how everything feels different after a major turning point in your life. How the school hallways feel different after you graduate or how the pool feels different now that your feet can reach the bottom of the six feet section. That's how Zeke was feeling now. The simple drive home was now a brand new and exciting feeling. Still on cloud nine from mind-numbing sex Zeke was in a state of utter bliss. He rode down the street with the windows down and music off, just enjoying the natural breeze and feel of the city, enjoying the new feelings swirling inside of him. He didn't know if this was how everyone felt after sex but he sure hoped so, to monopolize this feeling would be criminal.  

Arriving at his house Zeke made his way inside. After a quick shower and wank, Zeke changed into a simple t-shirt and sweat-pants and planted himself on the couch in front of the downstairs t.v. It was ten thirty, so Zeke had some time until whatever was supposed to happen happened. It had been so long since he watched television that he didn't even know what was scheduled to come on. He decided to just watch the NFL network. The season was already over but the draft had just ended last week so there was a good recap show going on, grading each team's draft. 

They were just getting to Zeke's home-team, the Atlanta Falcons, when a breaking news bulletin popped up across the screen. The news bulletin said that someone had won the one billion dollar lottery drawing that night. Thinking nothing of it Zeke returned to viewing his show when he abruptly sat up.

Flipping to the local news channel Zeke waited patiently for the newscaster to re-show the winning numbers and sure enough they read 46-12-39-49-28-50. At first Zeke just sat there in shock. How is someone supposed to react when they become a billionaire over night. After awhile the shock wore off and elation went into affect. Zeke hopped from his seat and jumped around the living room. Calming down Zeke realized he didn't even have the ticket with him. 

Sprinting to his room Zeke checked his pants from the day before, thanking god that his parents were not home because if so his mom would have already washed the laundry and his ticket would be a worthless piece of paper. Pulling the ticket out of the pocket, Zeke bought it up to his lips and kissed the wonderful slip.

Running over to his desk he searched for a pen to sign the ticket with. It's amazing how'd he forgotten about the ticket until now. Yesterday when he got home he'd played the five scratch off tickets and didn't win anything except two more free tickets. He figured that they give out the free tickets to get people to play again but since Zeke had decided it was a one time thing he really had no need for them. In all the things that had happened since then, the small lotto ticket had slipped his mind entirely.

Atlanta Falcons football completely forgotten, Zeke hopped online to see what he was supposed to do with his winning ticket. It said he'd have to go down to the regional office and present the ticket and receive the check. Zeke hoped he wouldn't have to go through the whole posing with the big check thing as well as the press conference, but he could request his identity remain a secret. Zeke decided to go to the office early to avoid the most people possible and set his alarm clock for seven as the office opened at eight. If he was lucky maybe he wouldn't run into any people at all. After that he would probably have to go to a private bank and open an account for the money as well as a hedge-investment account, and also switch over his money from his Wells Fargo account.

He only had about twenty thousand in there which came from three years of royalties from his co-patents, and a little bit of wise investing on his part. Now with his increase in wealth he could invest in some of the larger companies that he'd always wanted to. Zeke wasn't a "genius" at the stock market but he was very good with making considerably more then he lost. He started with about three hundred dollars from his dad and in time turned it into just a little over five thousand dollars. The majority of the money in his account came from patents not stocks. When he and Ms. Katao had filed the patents he insisted that he be listed as a contributor, and her the main inventor so she would receive the larger royalties. For one he she was trying to raise a child and also had things like bills to worry about. Ms. Katao had told him that over the course of three years she had made seventy five thousand dollars off initial patents alone, and another forty off of royalties, if you factor in the fifteen thousand from Zeke, that came in to about one hundred and thirty thousand dollars. If they'd split the money equally Zeke would have a little over sixty five thousand dollars. And really what was a teenager going to do with all that money, in reality Ms. Katao would need it more and it would help to further Lin's education so it was nothing for Zeke to part with it.

Zeke chuckled to himself as he now realized it was a moot point. HE WAS A FUCKING BILLIONAIRE!! he couldn't believe it. He guessed this was some sort of trade-off because the apparition had told him not to go to college. With this his financial future was secure, and who knows, he could even work on more inventions he had never had the capital to pursue. Maybe buy a house and set up his own lab.

Either way he was getting ahead of himself. For now he had to worry about getting all the depositing and accounts opened up and then he would be able to get home to do some much needed training with his powers. Well you couldn't really call it training because he had no idea what his abilities were, so maybe discovering would be a better word.

Now that the adrenaline from the whole lotto thing, as well as planning tomorrow's schedule, had worn off Zeke found himself to be very tired. It was weird, he'd just woken up from that long sleep at Melissa's place as well as a good sleep yesterday. It seemed he was sleeping more often lately. He'd have to ask the god about it. 

With that Zeke resolved to try and visit the god tonight. He didn't know how he'd accomplish that, but he would just focus really hard on finding him as he fell asleep. Who knows maybe it would work.

___________

Zeke woke up early the next morning as his alarm clock went off. His attempts at contacting his god had apparently failed. Maybe he had to want to contact Zeke instead for it to work. Regardless now was not the time to worry about that. He had way to much to do today as it was, and pondering how to visit a god was an unneeded distraction.

His mind made up Zeke hopped up to take a shower and get ready to set out. After a quick shower and breakfast, Zeke was on his way downtown.

Pulling up to the large building that housed the lotto district office, Zeke pulled into the parking garage and walked into the building. Turns out the lottery commission didn't own the building just two floors, those being floors five and six. Floor five was for the lower end of the lotto spectrum. Games like "Cash 4" or "Keno" winnings were dispersed here. Floor six was for the larger prizes, games like the "Mega-Millions" or "Decades of Dollars". His destination in mind Zeke hopped on to the surprisingly empty elevator and made his way to the sixth floor.

As he came out of the elevator Zeke was faced with a large hallway. On each side of the hallway were doors that led to different departments, all of which were marked and labelled. Zeke casually strolled down the hallway until he came to the door for the mega millions. He looked up and down the hallway in search of anyone. Since the lotto had already announced that there was only one winner, anyone seeing Zeke walk into this door would know he had won. 

To Zeke's surprise and delight no one was in sight. Thinking, he realized that he hadn't seen anyone since he'd arrived. It was almost like the place was empty, but the parking garage was full of cars. Zeke wasn't naive enough to chalk all of this up to coincidence, so he made a mental note to thank his patron god next time he saw him. Zeke wasn't sure if that's who was pulling the strings, but he was as good a person as any to thank for it. With a slight sigh Zeke opened the door and walked into the room.

In the room was a mature blonde woman who looked up when she heard the door opening. She eyed Zeke as he stood there. Zeke wasn't to sure what to do next. The few times he'd ever been in a corporate office he was usually called there, and when he entered he was told to take a seat. As it was the two of them just sat there looking back and forth at each other. Finally the woman blinked and seemed to come out of some sort of trance.

"Hi I'm Cheryl Gainsby, the district chairwomen for the mega-millions. Please take a seat."she told Zeke. Once he was seated she continued with,"So how can I help you today?"

"Um.. My name is Zeke Jordan and I won the Mega-Millions drawing and I believe this is where I'm supposed to collect the winnings." 

"Okay. Wow! Well congratulations. May I see the ticket please?"Zeke passed her the ticket and waited anxiously as she looked it over. Cheryl looked the ticket over searching for any type of clue that the ticket may be forged or altered, finding none she handed the ticket back to Zeke.

"Well everything seems to check out, I just need to see your I.D. and then we have to go through some paperwork."Once again Zeke passed her what she needed and after looking it over and passing it back to him she went over to one of her cabinets and began pulling out some folders. As she sat back down she pulled out a couple of the papers and handed them to Zeke with a pen and pointed to where he needed to initial and sign.

"Most of this stuff is just saying that you understand that you are winning this money, therefore it is not seen as a source of income. You can not claim it on your taxes as a work-related revenue and also it is not subject to state tax."Cheryl explained to Zeke. When he was finished she took those forms and placed them back into the folder while passing him another piece of paper. "This form is for you to fill out so I know how you want to go about collecting your winnings."

Zeke filled out the form which included the spots for his general info (name,DOB,social security)as well as asking him a few questions. When he reached the boxes asking if he wanted his name publicized, or if he wanted a media press conference, Zeke made sure to check "NO" for both of them. That finished, he handed the papers back to the woman and she looked them over. 

"Now for the last piece of business,"Ms.Gainsby started," here is all of the bank information you'll need. As I'm sure you understand, with the size of your winnings it would be unsafe to write a check for the sum. We've already deposited the money into an account at a private bank. Now that we have your name and info we will fax that to the bank and finish creating your account, that should take anywhere from thirty minutes to a hour and after that you should be able to access your account or switch to a different bank if you so choose." After handing all of the information to Zeke she rose from her chair which signalled the end of the meeting.

"Thank you Ms. Gainsby, and have a wonderful day,"Zeke told her as he shook her hand.

"No thank you Mr. Jordan. Between you and me it's been pure hell since we announced a winner. We've had an endless stream of forgeries coming across the whole state. Now that you've collected it we can put an end to all that."She replied while returning the handshake. Finding no other reason to still be there Zeke left the building with a smile on his face.

He couldn't go to the bank immediately so he had nothing to do for a hour or so. He did however need to find an accountant. Zeke was smart but he knew that a professional would be needed to help him manage all of his money, especially when he began investing and spending it. Luckily he already knew a great accountant and hopefully she was free right now. Pulling out his phone he dialed her number and was answered after the third ring.

"Hiya Professor, whassup?"Zeke heard on the other side of the phone. 

"Nothing Mandy, are you free right now? I really need to come see you."Zeke asked her. He chuckled to himself as he thought about Mandy. Mandy Foster was the fun loving, free spirit, eldest daughter(by a minute) of Angela Foster. Being the flighty girl that she was, everyone was kinda surprised when she decided she wanted to be an accountant. Something universally recognized as one of the most boring jobs in the world. It worked out for her though. She was extremely good with math, had a penchant for saving her employers money, and a personality that drew in clients. In a few short years she was already an office holder for one of the top firms in Georgia, Ernst and Young. 

"Oh you need to come and see me do you?"she purred. Mandy had always been a flirt, some might even say a tease, but that just the way she was.

"Stop that Mandy! You're at work."Zeke reminded her.

"Oh yeah you're right."she giggled,"Anyway yeah, I'm free right now what do you need?"

"Well it's kind of confidential. Do you mind if I stop by your office?"

"Nah come on by. I don't have anything scheduled for another two hours so you have plenty of time."

"Okay I'll come by real quick."Zeke responded.

"Really Zeke, I never had you pegged as a quick cummer."

"Mandy!!"Zeke exclaimed as he heard her laughing while she hung up the phone.

_____

Twenty minutes later Zeke pulled up to Ernst and Young Financial. Making his way to the lobby he was greeted by the receptionist. A young brunette girl was working the front desk.

"Hello sir. How may I help you?"she asked with a smile when Zeke got into range. 

"Can you direct me to Ms. M. Foster's office please?"

"One second,"she told Zeke as she looked at a book in front of her,"I'm sorry to ask, but do you have an appointment because I'm not seeing anything in her logbook."

"Well not officially, no, but I just finished talking to her about twenty minutes ago so she should be expecting me."Zeke informed her.

"Okay sir, wait one second please. For security reasons we have to call up to make sure she is indeed expecting you." With that the young woman picked up the phone and dialed a three digit number. Zeke could hear the phone ringing before it was picked up on the other end.

"Hello Ms. Foster, this is Julie in the main lobby and there's a young man down here to see you. Should I send him up?"She paused to listen to the response before hanging up the phone.

"Sorry for that,"she said now talking to Zeke,"you can head on up, tenth floor room 1034."With a nod Zeke headed to the elevator and rode to the designated floor. When he got out he headed for Mandy's door and opened it with a sigh.

When he walked in he was greeted by the sight of Mandy bent over picking up some files off the floor. She had her legs straight which had the effect of pushing her firm ass tight against her beige skirt, just a hint of her panty-line on display. Her long legs were covered with a pair of black stockings, or maybe the were pantyhose, Zeke didn't know the difference. Either way she looked hot. Her blonde hair, which Zeke was sure was supposed to be tied up, hung in low curls. Some cascading down her back, the rest flowing down her sides. Where Melissa's hair was straight and silky, Mandy's was curly and full-bodied. Melissa's hair giving her the girl next door look while Mandy's made her model-like.

Mandy had always been a tease, and to Zeke especially. When he was growing up she never missed an opportunity to bend over in front of him, or rub up against him, and she wasn't shy about who she did it in front of either. While Marielle seemed to be against it, Melissa and Zeke's sisters seemed to egg her on. They all thought it was funny when Mandy teased him. Although she did seem to stick to rather tame things when others were around and kept the more risky antics for when they were alone.

One time they were in Zeke's backyard and everyone was getting out of the pool. Zeke was sitting on the side of the pool with his feet in the water and Mandy was heading inside to join the others when she suddenly called his name. When he turned he was face to face with Mandy's right breast. Apparently she had taken off her bikini top and waited for him to turn around. When she noticed he'd turned she brushed her nipple across his open mouth. Then, as Zeke sat there dazed she pushed him back into the pool while she ran to the house laughing wildly.

Needless to say, over the years Zeke had gotten used to this type of teasing from Mandy, and wasn't surprised by what he saw when he walked in. Still, that didn't make her display any less arousing to him. In fact with how sexed up he'd been feeling lately, it was even more arousing than usual.

"What would you've done if it wasn't me at the door but one of your colleagues or bosses?"Zeke asked as he tried his best to seem unfazed. Mandy flipped her hair out of the way and looked back at Zeke with her piercing blue eyes before she replied.
