 A. The Basement

As Fannie and Mary had planned, the next weekend Mary went away to enjoy a small vacation. Just after Mary walked out the door, Fannie came to Zarcoff holding a set of keys in her hand saying, "What do you think? Should we go down and check out the special room?" 

"Dad always said that that room was off limits to us," Zarcoff replied. "He said that it was a special room for Mary and him to use. He did tell me, however, they used if for their very special sexual games and he did not want us down there. On the other hand, Mary never said anything of the kind. In fact, she rather hinted that nothing in this house was off limits to us. Fannie, if you are really sure you want to do this then lead the way."

Fannie smiled handed Zarcoff the keys and said "Zarcoff we are over eighteen and run a newspaper. I think we can have our fun down there, but I need to change first. I want to put on something special. I will meet you downstairs," then she ran up the stairs to change.

Zarcoff shrugged his shoulders, turned, unlocked the door and headed down the stairs to the basement. When Fannie joined Zarcoff, she was now wearing a low-cut green corset that barely covered her nipples, a black thong, net-stockings and four inch heels. 

He looked at her and in a horse whispered said, "I have never seen you dressed like that you, YOU are beautiful."

Fannie just smiled and said "Thank you kind sir. Shall we start the tour?" She turned and faced the first picture on the wall at the bottom of the stairs. It was of a naked woman chained to a wall. "See how she is tied to that wall ready for anyone to do anything to her." Zarcoff just stared. Fannie walked up to the next picture saying, "This next picture is so hot. It's an anime woman cuffed to a chair with her legs spread." 

Zarcoff said, "Look at how far her legs are spread apart." 

"That looks like fun," Fannie commented," Mom said that your Dad and her tried to find a chair like that but couldn't." 

Zarcoff's mouth dropped open. "Fannie have you been down here before?"

"Mom brought me down here when you were away." She told him laughingly. "Mom also taught me some things that I think you will enjoy; and before you ask yes I'm still a virgin. I have been saving that gift for you." 

All Zarcoff could do was manage a nervous smile.

They continued along the wall to the next painting of a man and woman in the 69 position. Fannie whispered, "I would love to try that with you." "I can almost feel your tongue sticking into me and I can almost imagine what you taste like."

Zarcoff was in a state of shock all he could do was groan and feel his growing hard-on.

On the back wall, Fannie looked at the picture of a woman being fucked in the cunt while a second cock fucked her mouth and laughed, "Zarcoff do you think you and possibly a friend could fill me like that. I feel so hot just thinking of you doing that to me, I can feel my thong getting wet." 

Zarcoff began to shake at that thought. He had visions Fannie naked before him and he too felt himself getting even harder by the minute.

At the next picture of a blindfolded woman tied up on her knees and sucking a cock she asked, "Wouldn't you like to tie-up me up like that and shove your dick into my mouth?" 

Zarcoff could feel himself begin to sweat and feel himself getting the biggest hard-on he ever had.

She looked at last picture of an anime woman being fucked and exploding cum and asked, "Would you like to fuck me that hard?"

Zarcoff panicked, he was getting so worked up that if he did not get out of that room at that second he would grab Fannie, rip off her clothes and rape her right there. All he could say was stammer "Fannie I have to go, I can't stand this any longer," He quickly turned and ran for the stairs with Fannie right on his heels.

"STOP!" Fannie yelled. 

Zarcoff stopped and turned, "Fannie if I don't leave I'm going to rip you clothes off and fuck you here and now. Is that what you want?" 

Fannie took Zarcoff in her arms and she could feel his hard prick pushing against her. She smiled and said, "It's alright, I really think we should make good use of our time down here. Beside I sure don't want Mom's training to go to waste, do you?" 

"Look," Zarcoff said, "that is fine for you, but Mary didn't teach me anything. All I know is what they taught in sex education classes when we were in High School and they weren't that helpful. There is always what the guys talked about in the locker room, but that is not too helpful either. It is more like wam bam thank you Ma'am. "So now what Miss know-it-all where do we go from here?"

"Well how about this," she said, then took him in her arms and kissed him. Then without hesitation, Fannie dropped down on her knees in front of Zarcoff, reached inside his sweat pants, pulled out his now ragging hard-on and began to stroke it slowly. Looking up at him smiling sweetly, "You like?" she asked. 

Before he could answer, she put his pulsating hard-on in her mouth. Slowly sliding her mouth all the down to the end and then slowly back up to the tip. Each movement sending shivers down Zarcoff entire body. Within what seemed like seconds, Zarcoff exploded into her mouth with such force Fannie could not hold all of it and it spurted out of her mouth onto her breasts and floor. Fannie looked up and noticed that Zarcoff's blue eyes had turned a bright glowing green. 

"I'm sorry, I couldn't control myself," was all Zarcoff could stammer.

Fannie quickly stripped off her clothes and stood before him. She stood there before him smiling with cum still dripping from her mouth and breasts "What do you think?" she asked. "You're the first person beside Mom, to see me like this. I want you to enjoy what you see." Then she her voice changed and became breathless as she ordered, "Strip, you don't know how long I have been waiting for this."

Zarcoff began to strip as he did so he began to admire her body. His eyes took in her pointed nipples, firm breasts, and slim waist and then stopped. "You are so beautiful." He commented as his eyes moved over her body. His eyes stopped the spot between her legs and exclaimed, "You have hardly any hair down there."

"Zarcoff," she replied, "Mom and instructed me shave everything from the neck on down for cleanness. And for your information, she put me on the pill. Mom also told me what she and your Dad did down here and she was very graphic in the explanation. She said that she love it when your father would tie her up and would forcible take her from behind. That would send her into a mind-blowing orgasm after another. According to her, there was nothing like in the entire world. The reason why our parents only use this room sparingly was because they needed a long period to recover from the intensity of their lovemaking." 

Stepping forward Zarcoff looked deep into her eyes and said "You are you really sure that you want this. You know we have all the time in the world and we can wait until you are sure. I don't want to rush you into anything."

Fannie smiled and said "Zarcoff, when Mom described to me what she and your father would do down here, all I could think of was us. Then looking down at Zarocoff's hard-on she said, "You don't look as if you can wait either." Then Fannie moaned, "I want you, I need you! I want to do what our parents did down here. I want to have the same mind blowing orgasms that they had. I really need you fuck me hard."

Fannie then led him to the front of the room and got on her hands and knees. She turned her head around and instructed him "You see my cunt, put your pick against it." 

He got down behind her and did as he was instructed. He placed the tip of this hard cock against her pussy lips and gently began pushing it into her. She was so tight that even thought her juices had already lubricated her, he still couldn't push himself right in. 

"EASY HONEY," she begged." 

He had to use a series of hard thrusts to move into her driving Fanny down to her elbows and forcing her head to the floor. With each thrust, Fannie would groan in pain, as her body was forced open to receive his hard prick. When he had reached her maidenhood, he could actually feel the thin wall. With one final thrust, he ripped through it filling her entire cavity.

Fannie felt the sharp pain deep inside of her as Zarcoff ripped virginity and gasped, "OH ZARCOFF." 

Once all the way inside of her, Zarcoff hesitated and then pulled himself almost completely back out until only the tip of his cock remained. At that point, he slowly shoved his cock back in up to the hilt and then slowly back out to the tip. As he did so, the walls of Fannie's cunt began to send sensations of unbelievable pleasure the entire length of his prick. 

After the initial shocks, Fannie staggered to her hands and knees. She became lost, concentrating only on the feelings that Zarcoff's prick was generating inside of her. Each thrust driving her lust to heights never before imaged. Zarcoff began to pick up speed and then began ramming his hard cock without mercy into her. Fannie followed suit and began replying thrust for thrust. Fannie glanced back and could see Zarcoff's eyes blazing a bright glowing green. Both became lost in a world of their continuous sexual sensations. All at once, Zarcoff felt a boiling deep inside of him that blew out into Fannie like a tidal wave. As his wave gushed inside of her, Fannie's own body exploded as if a dam burst. She let out a loud of scream and she thrust herself hard against him then went limp. They stayed there for a long while attached by Zarcoff's prick.

After a time, Zarcoff struggled to his feet and Fannie to her knees facing him. "We are not through yet," she chuckled and took his limp member in her hand to stroke it gently moving her fingers up and down the entire length. His body immediately reacted to her touch and once more stood up. Each of her strokes sent a shiver of delight through his body. Looking up at him she could see his eyes were still glowing green, but she ignored it, and asked, "You didn't answer me before, do you like this?" 

All Zarcoff could do was groan.

She stopped using her fingers and switched to her tongue to tease the end of his hard-on and then licked its entire length. She ran her tongue down to his balls and sucked each one in turn and then back to his throbbing hard-on. She looked up and him smiled and then took his raging hard-on into her mouth all the way to the end and began moving her mouth up and down sucking as she pulled out. The touch of her mouth and tongue set strange wonderful sensations all through his body. In a short period he was at such a state he could no longer hold it in and before he could warn here he exploded into her mouth. The force of his climax this time did not caught her of guard and she was able to swallow all of it. After he was done she just smiled wiping his sperm off her chin. 

Fannie was not through, not by a long shot. With a sly smile coving her face, she told Zarcoff, "Countless nights I would lie in bed and fantasize of me hanging on those chains and then you inside of me. Zarcoff I want you to take me over to that chain tie me up and then take me in the ass, just like your Dad did to Mom," Fannie demanded

Zarcoff just nodded in agreement and without further hesitation, Zarcoff walked Fannie over to the chains, lifter her arms and hung her there. He then stood back to look at his handy work. Her arms stretched over her head forced her young breasts to point up, her nipples stood out hard and firm. She stood with her legs spread out so that he could see everything. He reached over hand ran his fingers over the hard bud of her nipples gently squeezing them causing Fannie to moan. He ran his fingers slowing up and down her body feeling her velvet skin moving over the edge of her sex and around to her ass. He began to tease her with his fingertip gently moving the tip inside of her front and back. "Are you sure?" he whispered

Looking down at his raging hard-on, she screamed at him "Yes dam it," and then begged, "Please, please, fuck me now, dam it fuck me in the ass now."

Fannie could feel him behind her positioning himself. The feeling of his ridged cock against her seemed to increase her need for him to enter her. Zarcoff pulled her back and bent Fannie over as far as the chains would allow giving him access to her ass. As with her virgin cunt, Zarcoff had to use a series of thrusts to enter her. Each time he would go forward he would reach around her and either twist her nipples or pinch her clitoris. These actions would send a shock of sensations through Fannie's body. She felt as if she was being split apart by the huge prick ramming in and out of her. Soon her ass adjusted to Zarcoff's member and she began to feel her cunt reacting to the intruder in her ass. Soon she was gushing form her cunt. Her mind was lost in the wonderment of what was happening. Zarcoff body jerked against her as he reached his orgasm sending his sperm up her anal cavity. Fannie's body reacted by spraying her juices down her legs. 

They both stood there, Fannie hanging in the chains and Zarcoff hanging on to her. Feeling spent, he unchained her and let her down. As he did so he whispered into her ear "I love you so much, I never knew it could be like this." 

She got off her knees and looking at him with grin said "Hmmmm now what?" "Oh I know." Fannie staggered over to the cabinet, climbed on spread her legs saying, "Try his big boy."

Stared at her and the sight caused him to become immediately hard again. He slowly walked up between her legs and shoved his now hard member right into her. Fannie spread her legs more to give Zarcoff deeper access to her cunt. Soon he was ramming his cock in and out of her viciously. Fannie began to moan as her body entered in what seemed to her one continuous orgasm. Fannie cried, "This feels so good. Harder, harder," she demanded. Finally they both slumped together exhausted.

Fannie got off the cabinet, dragged Zarcoff to the middle of the room and pushed him down on his back. She climbed on him and then stuffed his limp member into her holding him in place with her just her muscles inside. Her eyes were bright and shinny and her face no longer reflected love, but unadulterated lust. She sat on him not moving just using the muscles her legs and inner muscles to squeeze him. With each squeeze, he would get harder and harder until his hard-on seemed to grow a foot or so he thought. Once he was hard, she began to lift herself up and down the complete length of it, squeezing on the up-stroke and releasing on the down-stroke. Each stroke set shivers of joy through Zarcoff. He could feel her juices begin to flow down his shaft on the carpet. The flow started as a trickle but soon became a flood. 

Zarcoff stared into Fannie's face and he could see that her mind was in another place. She continued to pump up and down faster and faster totally oblivious to him; just concentrating on the pleasure she was getting from riding him. His eyes traveled from her face down her neck and shoulders to her bouncing breasts. He became lost in the sight of her. He ceased feel anything; the movement of her body captivated him completely. 

Suddenly Fannie screamed and fell forward, her body began to shake violently with convulsions and her muscles begin to spasm around his hard-on squeezing it almost to the crushing point. His body reacted to her automatically trying to reach a climax, but her muscles squeezed him so tightly that he found he could not find release. Only when the convulsions of her body and the muscles would stop could he release his fluid into her, but then she would have another convulsion and muscle spasm and it would be stopped. This entire event lasted for what seemed like an eternity with out losing its intensity. Finally, her convulsions ceased and her muscles relaxed allowing his now limp member to fall out of her with a popping sound. Exhausted Fannie's head dropped to the carpet and her breathing became quit. They lay their together with their sweat soaked bodies one on top of the other not moving. After a period, Fannie forced herself up still straddling him and looking into his eyes, she told him "I love you with all my heart and soul. I am yours forever." 

Zarcoff stared into her tear-streaked face seeing a strange sort of contentment. The sight of her face and the meaning of her words seemed to reach and touch something deep inside of him causing a huge dam of emotion break free. His entire body began to shake with giant sobs. She held his head close to her breasts until the sobs slowly subsided. It was then and only then, they both drifted off to sleep there on the floor in the basement. 

When Zarcoff awoke, Fannie was still on top of him. He could feel that he was soaked from his waist on down and that the carpet was soaked underneath him. He just lay there as still as he could, holding Fannie close enjoying the feel of her body on top of him and trying not to disturb her. 

In time, Fannie opened her eyes, smiled and gently kissed him and staggered to her feet. She took his hand and helped him up and they slowly got dressed and started to go upstairs. Zarcoff noticed that Fannie was walking strangely. "What's wrong, you are walking funny?" he asked.

Turning and taking Zarcoff in her arms and looking deep into his eyes she said smiling "Zarcoff, I'm very raw down there, besides you look like your walking very gingerly too."

With a pained look on his face, he groaned, "I'm so sorry I did not mean to hurt you"

"It's alright; I knew it would hurt the first time and I also knew that the hurt would be replaced by indescribable feeling of pleasure," she answered. "Mom told me that"

A look of relief came over Zarcoff's face. He went on to say with a chuckle "Ok I'm raw too and I don't think I will be able to do this again for a long long time."

B. Mary Returns

When Mary came home changed into her swimming suit and went down stairs. Fannie greeted her enthusiastically and said, "Mom, you were so right. It was better that I imagined. And it did hurt at first, but after that it was wonderful. We must have fucked at least for three hours straight until we both passed out. I have been sore for at least three days and I'm sure that he is not much better. You were also right I love the taste of his cum. I'm glad you put me on the pill. Now we can do this all the time without the problem of me getting pregnant." 

"Fannie do you love me?" Mother asked.

"You know I do, in more ways that one," Fannie answered with a knowing smile.

"Then I have a real big favor to ask." Mary paused then continued, "I would like to share Zarcoff with you," Mary said. "I think I can teach him, like I taught you and I think in the long run he will be a better lover with a little training from me."

"That is the least I can do for all that you taught me, but, I'm not sure he would go along with it," Fannie replied. "He darn near bolted out door before I could stop him. Once he got going though he was fine. And just like you said, he literally, only lasted only a minute or two when I sucked him the first time; but after that he was a tiger." Fannie continued with a hint of concern in her voice, "I did notice something strange though, when he got going he did get a little rough and his eyes turned a bright shade of glowing green." 

"Hmm Interesting, Fannie let me talk to him and see if he will go along with this," Mary replied.