 Chapter 7 Xena

Zarcoff half-heartedly tried to establish some kind of relationship with Xena, but it was hard. He knew she was not his and she had grown so fast into a beautiful sexy young woman. If she was his he would be so proud of the way she turned out. All he could think of was that she was a spawn of Fannie's unknown lover and he hated them both for that. The only thing he had going for him was that at least he had Mary to fuck. Between Mary and the newspaper his life droned on. 

Things started to change when Xena was getting ready to go to college, she started playing these stupid games, flirting with him and shoving those big tits at him. Zarcoff had a hard time keeping himself in control.

One day, Xena came into Zarcoff's bedroom and looking at him asked, "Why don't you like me?"

He looked at her and replied, "Xena I like you, you're a nice kid" and then turned to leave.

Xena yelled "Zarcoff."

When Zarcoff turned, there was Xena leaning against the wall naked. He just stared. 

Xena smiled, "You like?"

Xena put her hand behind her back and thrust her tits out and laughed, "Like this better?"

Zarcoff growled, "You little bitch, you don't know what you're dealing with." Then he turned and went down stairs.

She dressed and ran down the stairs into the living room after him and called "Zarcoff wait"

Zarcoff stopped and snapped, "What?"

"Zarcoff, in case you haven't noticed I'm not a little girl," she smiled and then caressed his cheek.

"You are still your Mother's daughter and I will have nothing to do with you," Zarcoff said as he walked out the door. 

Xena watched him go and said to herself, "Oh yes you will my darling Zarcoff I will make you mine and I know just how to do that."

Fannie on the other hand saw a different side of Xena; she was the one high light in her life. She thought that Xena was the smartest and sweetest person she knew. Xena had really turned into a beautiful teenager. She just loved to watch her she was so graceful and sexy. Any Mother would be proud to have Xena as their daughter.

Fannie's vision of Xena was soon to come crashing down. On the faithful day, Xena walked up to Fannie in the living room and began caressing her cheek. As soon as Xena started to caress Fannie's cheek strange sensations began to travel down Fannie's spine. These sensations acted as an opiate that removed any willpower that Fannie had. Soon she was willing to do what ever Xena wanted. 

In a very sweet voice Xena asked, "Mom the gang and I want to have a graduation party here. You don't mind do you?"

Fannie the strange sensation from Xena's caressing seemed to increase in intensity and now seemed to radiate throughout her body, especially between her legs. She began to feel her cunt and her nipples become very sensitive. She was having a hard time concentrating, with a breathless voice she asked, "When do you want this party Xena?" 

"How about in an hour," Xena asked, "that should give us enough time?"

Still having a hard time concentrating Fannie said, "In an hour, we don't having anything for a party." She continued, "No food no entertainment, how am I supposed to get a party ready on such a short notice?"

Xena smiled and said softly, "Come on down to the basement and I will show you, but before you do I want you to remove everything except your heels. You have such a nice body and the heels accentuate your legs so nicely."

Without thinking, Fannie followed her daughter's instructions. Once they reached the bottom of the stairs Xena instructed her Mother to stand with her hands behind her back. She wanted a good look at Fannie's sexy body. Fannie complied without question. Xena smiled to herself. "The guys are going to love her." She had her Mother stand in several different poses. This was to ensure that her control of her Mother was complete. The second stage was to get her Mother into such a sexual state that she would fuck everything in site. Xena knew exactly how to do that.

"Sit on that couch," Xena instructed.

Xena stripped, walked over to Fannie sitting on the couch and without a word pushed Fannie down. She made Fannie spread her legs. Xena kneeled down between them and began to suck on Fannie's clitoris. Fannie tried to say this was wrong and that Xena should stop, but all she could do was moan. Xena's skill with her tongue matched Mary's if not surpassed it. Fannie felt Xena's tongue go into her cunt and then to her surprise it split into tiny tentacles. Each of the tentacles began to seek out a nerve ending. As soon as Fannie realized what was happening she had a flashback of what Kara was able to do to her. She screamed at Xena, "No you can't do this, I'm your Mother." But it was too late; Fannie's body began to react to her daughter's tongue. In no time she was lost in the throws of the sensations tearing through the walls of her cunt. These sensations were twice as strong as the ones she had felt when Kara had prepared her for "egg harvesting." Her entire body began to violently shake from the intenseness of the feelings Xena was generating with her tongue. Fannie's mine and body were being inundated with earth shattering sensations almost beyond toleration. The thought that her daughter was causing this made matters even worse. Xena got up, dressed herself and walked away.

Fannies struggled to sit up. She could feel the sexual desires beginning to take control of her mind and body. She moaned "Xena you don't know what you just did."

Without turning around Xena replied "Oh but I do Mother. Do you think that you are the first woman that I used my tongue on? The first time I tongue fucked a woman it was someone from "our group." I was amazed to see her go into sexual overdrive. She took on five guys before she was satisfied. The one time I did it with someone outside "our group," the woman went into sexual hysteria; nothing could satisfy her. I think you wrote an article on her. You said it was unusual for a person to how did you phrase it "literally almost fuck herself to death."" 

"Then why?" Fannie cried.

"You have been complaining that you are all alone except for me and that you have not had a lover since you became pregnant with me. So I thought it would be fun to watch to get all the quote loving unquote that you could handle. Besides a number of the guys from our group think you are hot and sexy," Xena explained, "and when I offered them the chance to fuck you they jumped at it. In fact a few of them are in the garage right now waiting for me to give them the ok. So if you are ready, I will call the guys. Now get on your elbows and knees," Xena ordered

Fannie could only obey and as soon as Fannie did she felt a dick against her cunt.

Xena introduced Fannie to owner of the dick "This is Sam Jordan he has been looking forward to this for a longtime." 

Fannie was lost in the sensations of his dick moving in and out of her cunt. In what seemed like seconds they both were cumming. When he pulled out, Fannie was rolled on her back As she rolled on her back another person climbed between her legs and shoved his hard dick into her wet cunt.

"This is James Fenmor," Xena said.

Fannie became lost in a sea of orgasms and lost count of the number of men she was fucking. At one time she knew that she was sucking on someone's dick while a second male was fucking her from behind. She had no control of herself all she could feel was a need that had to be satisfied. 

Then some yelled "Hang the Bitch from the chains." 

Fannie was hung in the chains and soon impaled between two of them. She could feel both cocks inside of her driving her body to new heights of pleasure. As soon as they finished two more replaced them, but Fannie did not know the difference. To her it was just one never ending fuck. Then they were gone and the only one left in the room was Xena. Fannie hung there her with her body covered in from head to toe in cum and with cum dripping from both her ass and her cunt forming a pool between her legs. 

Xena was standing in front of her smiling. "How do you feel Mom?" she asked. 

"How could you?" Fannie moaned.

"Didn't you think it was fun Mom? You said that you missed the human touch in the sex department. Well you certainly got the human touch today. Besides do you think that you are the first woman in the group that I have done this to. Let me tell you, there is not a single mother in that group that I have not enjoyed this way. They are mine to do with what I wish. Poor Mother, you think that your darling daughter is so innocent. Not by a long shot. I have had them all. In fact through my efforts the majority of them are pregnant again. And if I know my signals, you are too after today." Xena released Fannie and then walked away.

Fannie realized she had been off the pill for years and this was prime time for her to get pregnant. In Fannie's mind she was back in the Alien's hands totally used and drained of all emotion. Once again she had been victimized through no fault of her own first the Aliens and now her own daughter. All she could thing of was, "What next?" Then the thought hit her, "I have to get out of here. I can no longer be a part of this."

Fannie went right up stairs sat down at the computer and sent Zarcoff and Mary an email stating that she was leaving and not to look for her. She was through with this town and everyone in it. Fannie quickly dressed without even bothering to clean up and rushed to the car. Just as Fannie stepped toward the car the ground seemed to vaporize before her and then she passed out.

When Fannie awoke she heard a familiar voice, "Welcome back Fannie," said Kara

Fannie began to cry.

After she left Fannie, Xena went up stairs to admire herself in the mirror. She heard Fannie leave, but all she could think of "Zarcoff is now mine." Then she felt a strange sensation course through her body and she closed her eyes.

When she opened them Xena had transformed into a full adult. She smiled at the transformation and thought "Let Zarcoff try and ignore me now." Then she laughed.

Chapter 8 Xena and Zarcoff

Zarcoff had received Fannie's email and the next day Zarcoff left work early to find out what was going on. Zarcoff went through the house looking for Fannie. Upstairs instead of Fannie, Zarcoff found a very different Xena waiting for him. At first he did not recognize her and had to do a double take. This was not the Xena he knew. She was a full grown woman, and was wearing clothes that showed her womanly figure to its fullest. 

Zarcoff pushed his initial reaction aside and asked her, "Where is Fannie?"

"You don't really what to know where Fannie is do you," Xena answered.

Feeling the old hatred come back Zarcoff growled, "Look you little Bitch where is Fannie?"

"I don't know she just packed up and left," Xena replied

Furious Zarcoff turned to leave when Xena called, "What do you think now Zarcoff?"

Zarcoff turned and his mouth dropped open. There before him was a naked Xena ready for the plucking. But then the old anger came rushing back. "You tried this before remember you little bitch and it did not work then and it will not work now," Zarcoff snarled and walked down the stairs. Xena quickly dressed and then followed Zarcoff down the stairs. Just as he reached the door, Xena called for him to stop.

Without another word she dropped down to her knees, unzipped his pants, pulled out his now hard prick and looking up at him whispering "I have dreamed of doing this to you for so long."

Zarcoff's desires betrayed him. Ever since she became of age he had wanted to fuck her. And now here she was sucking on his dick. His mind snapped he leaned over picked her up and ripped her clothes off. He grabbed her ass and snarled, "You asked for this you little bitch."

In one motion, Zarcoff turned her around, bent her over the cabinet and spread her legs exposing her virgin cunt. Xena felt him adjust something very stiff and round against the lips of her vagina. Although she was wet, she was very tight. "Zarcoff not like this, please not like this," she begged. Then she felt him begin to push this huge rod into her. This was not the way it was supposed to be, she was to choose who was be her first. The pain she felt as the lips of her cunt were forced open to accept this huge invading intruder was excruciating. He inched his way into the tight walls of her cavity forcing them to expand almost to what felt like the breaking point. 

Zarcoff grunted and forced his cock into her inch by inch. As he did, he kept muttering "You wanted this now you going to get it."

Xena looked back over her shoulder and saw that Zarcoff's eyes were a bright glowing green. Zarcoff grabbed her tits and began squeezing and twisting them. She screamed each time he pushed, but he ignored her. Finally he reached her maidenhood: he paused, reached around and gave her nipples a hard twist. Xena screamed as more pain was added to what she was already feeling. Zarcoff lifted her leg so that he could get more leverage for the final assault. 

Xena cried in pain and shock, but all she could mumble was, "Not this way, I didn't want it this way." 

Zarcoff could feel the thin skin at the tip of this prick. Holding her leg he smiled, growled, "Your mine bitch," and broke through the thin veil ramming deep inside of her. 

Zarcoff continued to push until he had reached the end of her cavity. She was now impaled on his monster. Slowly he extracted himself until only the very tip of his hard cock remained in her. Then he began slowly to push all the way back in and then slowly pull back out beginning a rhythm. With each stroke Xena's cavity walls would expand to accommodate him. With each stroke Xena's pain lessened and was replaced with a series of new sensations. Soon the pain was completely gone and she was totally engulfed in sensations of rapture. As Zarcoff's strokes became faster the intensity of Xena's pleasure increased her breathing became ragged. She began to move her body with him to keep those wonderful sensations going. She could feel juices flowing from her cunt run down her legs. These juices made Zarcoff's pumping easier and soon she was lost in ecstasy. She was entering another world one of orgasmic pleasure. That pleasure soon detonated in a flood of emotion so intense that her entire body began to jerk almost lifting her off the floor. 

Zarcoff pulled out and ordered, "On the counter bitch and spread your legs."

With tears streaming down her face and in a daze, Xena did as she was told. He could barely stand, but she managed with all of what was left of her strength on climb on the cabinet. Once she was on the cabinet she could feel the juices still flowing from her cunt. Zarcoff stood back and looked at his prize. Smiling he watched the virgin blood and cum mixture drip from Xena's cunt to the counter top. 

Zarcoff walked between her legs and then spread her legs as far back as they could go. Xena felt as if she would be split in half once she was spread he again shoved his cock back into her. Again he began to slowly pump in and out of her sending new sensations of pleasure that soon filled the sore canal and radiated up her spine. 

Zarcoff pushed her legs up to his shoulder and squeezed her thighs so that her cunt would tighten around him. As he did, Xena body reacted with waves of indescribable emotions that exploded into her mind. She began to scream "Fuck me harder, Zarcoff, fuck me harder."

Zarcoff replied by dropping her legs and pushing them back once again to open her wider. When she was opened fully he shoved his dick harder and faster in and out of her until Xena was lost in sexual oblivion. 

When he was finished, Zarcoff grabbed her and dragged her down to the basement. He had plans for this little bitch and he was going to make her pay for all the pain. Once downstairs, he chained her and then stood behind her looking at the view.

"Zarcoff what are you going to do?" Xena cried.

As if an answer to her question, his whip descended on her back. Xena screamed in pain. Standing behind her, Zarcoff could see her tits bounce each time he struck her. He could also see that her cunt spewing liquid down her legs. He loved the way her body would move and giggle with each lash of the whip. He could see the cheeks of her ass quiver. Now he really wanted to fuck in the ass. He stripped and walked behind her. He placed his throbbing erection against her ass and shove. He smiled and whispered, "I already got your virgin cunt now I'm going to get your virgin ass as well."

Xena screamed in pain "No not there, you too big, not there." She started to pant trying to relax her rectum so that the intruder could enter. Her mind was full of conflicting emotions. Pain and pleasure were becoming mixed up. Each time Zarcoff shoved into her he would pinch her clitoris. This sent shivers of pleasure mixing with the pain of his prick in her tight ass. She could also feel his pick against the walls of her cunt sending additional sensations throughout her body. Then the realization hit her, she loves this. 

Then she screamed at Zarcoff, "I want to be yours," just as her body jerked and another flood of cum spewed from her cunt.

Zarcoff stopped, unchained her and said "What did you just say?"

"I want to belong to you," she whispered.

Zarcoff's anger completely dissipated he unchained Xena and said, "You don't know what you are saying. I did this because I hate you and I hate your Mother. I wanted to get even." Then he turned and went upstairs.

Xena raced after him catching him in the living room. She quickly dropped down on her knees in front of him and grabbed his dick. Looking up at him she began to stroke his now hard-on and said, "I know that I am not your daughter, but even if I was your daughter I would still have fucked you. You don't understand, and, can't explain it. All I know is that I need to fuck you and I need to belong to you."

Zarcoff looked at her, "Xena if that is what you want. I have no intention of making anything permanent. I tried that with your Mother and it turned out to be a disaster."

"I know that," Xena replied. "I also know that you are fucking Mary and I think Mom knows that too." As she put his dick into her mouth she said, "I do want to suck you and to drink all you cum." As she did so, she smiled to herself, "Yes Zarcoff you go ahead and think that I want be yours, but once I suck you and use my special abilities you will be mine." Her thoughts went to the number of men and women from the group she had treated to her special gift and were now under her control.

Xena's tongue seemed break into tiny tentacles that went out to find every nerve ending on Zarcoff's pick and attach themselves. Once attached, the tentacles began to send tiny shocks of pleasure up and down the entire length of Zarcoff's cock. He never felt anything like this in his entire life. These tentacles also began to send impulses that were beginning to exert control over his mind while giving him most unbelievable sexual pleasure .His body began to shiver and shake as he began to feel her take control of his mind. Then as if a switch had been turned to off, his body stopped shaking and her attempt a mind was control broken.

Before Xena knew what happened, Zarcoff grabbed her and shoved her to the floor spreading her legs. He crawled between them, and entered her still wet cunt. With his bright green eyes blazing, he looked deep into her eyes and began to slowly fuck her. Xena reacted by squeezing her thighs around him. Zarcoff's prick seemed to radiate electrifying the nerves endings in walls of her cunt. She could not stop looking into to his glowing green eyes, they pierced her very soul. Soon she was once again lost in the throws wave after wave of overpowering rapture. In the fog of passion she heard a voice in her mind telling her she could not cum without Zarcoff's permission. She began to feel the dam of feelings building up within her wanting to be released, but this voice would not let her. Zarcoff lifted her legs to his shoulder to reach the deepest part of her cavern. With one thrust he was now deep inside of her filling her to capacity. He stopped there continuing to look deep into her eyes his green eyes blazing. He gained complete control of her just like he did Mary. 
