 The Alien Invasion: Chapter 10 Redemption

Zarcoff sat there behind the computer thinking of whom he was supposed to be and who he really is. When he heard a voice behind him saying, "Are you going to let me hang here or are you going to fuck me?"

Zarcoff turned around and saw Ardina's face flush with sexual desire. Zarcoff got up and went over to the controls of the rack. Then he realized that he had turned off the switch that provided the painful shocks to Ardina's body but had left the sexual stimulus portions on. The entire time he was going through the Alien computer she was being sexual stimulated without any relief. He quickly turned off the machine completely and began to remove the electrodes from her nipple rings and her vulva ring; and then he removed the rings themselves. Once this was done he completely unchain her.

Looking deep into her eyes he said, "I'm sorry I had to do that to you, but I really needed to get into that computer and I knew you would not give me the password without coercion."

Ardina looked at Zarcoff her body and mind driven into sexual overload by the rack was trembling. She had never in her young life had felt such overwhelming sexual tension. "Right now I don't care about that, Zarcoff just fuck me, dam it, fuck me now," she whispered in a husky voice.

She dropped down on her knees and instinctively reached inside Zarcoff's pants and pulled out his now hard prick and began to suck on it for all she was worth. Zarcoff could feel her tongue split into tiny tentacles that attached themselves to all the nerve endings. Soon he was feeling sensations of pleasure up and down his now hard shaft. His mind went into automatic protection mode expecting Ardina to begin to try and take control just like Xena tried to do. But all he got was the feelings of pure pleasure emanating from her mouth. Once he was hard enough she got up and literally ripped his clothes off and then jumped up on him wrapping her legs around his waist. She looked deep into Zarcoff's blazing green eyes and adjusted the lips of her cunt so that they warped around the head of his throbbing prick. She tried to slide herself down his large pole but could not get enough leverage. She was too tight and he was too big.

Finally, Zarcoff gently laid her down on the floor and slid in between her legs reentering her cunt. However, when he reached her maidenhood he stopped. Ardina felt his prick begin to soften and his body began to shake. She as she looked in his eyes she could see tears. 

"I can't do this to you," he said. "I have hurt you enough and I just can't take something this precious from you by force. You should give this to the one you love not to me." Then he started to pull out.

Ardina wrapped her legs tight around his preventing him from withdrawing. "Zarcoff," she said, "I don't know what has happened to me, but I have never felt this need before and I do want you to go on. I need for you to go on, please." 

With her words echoing in his ears he became hard one more and with a firm but gentle push he broke through her maidenhood sliding all the way into her. Once she was penetrated, they began to set a rhythm of their love making not only with their bodies but with their minds as well, each trying to give pleasure to the other. 

Zarcoff began reaching into the pleasure centers of Ardina's mind and touching her in ways she never thought possible. At the same time she found that she too could reach into Zarcoff's mind as return the favor. The pain that he caused her in the beginning was soon forgotten and was replaced by something wonderful. In turn Zarcoff was experiencing the same wonderful feelings. They were floating on huge waves slowing moving from the deep troughs to the high peaks. In a short period of time they both were rolling from one climax to another that engulfed both their minds and their bodies. Something was unleashed that had long been dormant in their race for a thousand years. They were no longer a separate man and woman created on the planet Zanderbar, but some how and been joined together in such a way that only death could part them. After it was all over and they lay still their bodies completely drained with their arms around each other. Out of pure luck they had found each other or were destined to be together they did not know which. They were just content that it happened. 

Without speaking, they both got up" How can you ever forgive me for what I did to you?" he said in a horse voice.

She smiled at him, "I don't know, but I can. I really don't understand what just happened. All I know is that somehow I am now part of you and you are part of me. We are equals and that would never happen on my rather our planet. I would like to know were do we go from here?"

He looked at her, "I have to find my wife Fannie. 

"Wife?" she asked

"Yes I am married, but in name only. All because I thought she was lying about her being abducted and impregnated by Aliens. Now look I am one of Aliens. I know you were reading the computer screen over my shoulder so you know about as much as I do as what happened. I am going to have to deal with Mary and Xena too. But I do need to find Fannie and try to make it up to her somehow."

He looked into Ardina's eyes and could see the growing love she felt for him and before he knew it, he took her into his arms again and kissed her. Without a word she dropped back down to her knees.

Taking his prick in her hand she smiled, "I do love the taste of you. It is like sweet nectar that I can't get enough of." Then she began to suck him. Once again, her wonderful tongue began sending waves of pleasure throughout his body. Before he realized it, he was behind her fucking her for all she was worth. Again they both entered the world or orgasmic pleasure. Once again they collapsed on the floor totally drained. In time they both got up dressed and went upstairs hand-in-hand. They both knew were starting a new life together. 

At the top of the stairs, Zarcoff turned to Ardina and caressing her cheek said, "I really do need to find Fannie and square things with her so that I can start with a clean slate with you."

"I would expect nothing less from the person I loved," she told him.

The next week Zarcoff spent his time between the phone calling everyone that he knew trying to find Fannie and making love to Ardina. His life would be totally satisfying if all he had to do was make Ardina happy. But he knew that the hurt he caused Fannie would always be preventing him from finding compete happiness with Ardina. Fannie had to be found and amends had to be made by him. At the end of the week with no leads to go on, Zarcoff finally called Mary and asked her to come over.

When Mary walked into the house she was expecting a bout of love making with Zarcoff after all it had been awhile since they last fucked. Instead she was grilled as to the whereabouts of Fannie. 

"Zarcoff I have not seen Fannie for weeks," she told him. Then she smiled, "I know what you need. Come on down to the basement and lets play." Then she headed down the stairs to the basement.

Zarcoff looked at her, "Mary I know what and who you are and I know what and who Xena is. I also know what and who I am."

Mary just stared at him not knowing what to say. Then she felt him beginning to probe her mind. "Stop you bastard, you win," she screamed at him.

"Why?" he asked.

"I have a daughter to protect and I was willing to do anything to keep her free and out of their hands."

"Hello Mother," Ardina said.

Both Mary's and Zarcoff's mouths dropped open. 

"Mother," Zarcoff questioned.

Mary moaned, "Ardina what are you doing here?"

"Yes she is my Mother Zarcoff, but I did not know she was the one that was sent here to keep and eye on you. All I know was that she had left me to fend for myself when I was a baby."

Mary looked at Ardina, "I took this assignment to protect you. They were supposed to keep you out of the normal selection process and then send you here so that you could be absorbed into earth life as a normal earth woman."

"Well Mother, it did not happen that way. They trained me as a communications technician and as soon as I turned eighteen they gave me to some idiot who crashed our spaceship into some space junk. That is how I ended here. Zarcoff found me." Ardina explained.

Before Zarcoff knew what happened, Ardina walked over to him, dropped to her knees in front of him and unzipped his pants. She pulled out his cock and smiling up at him with tears in her eyes said, "Mother in the old tradition of our planet I hear by state my love and I mean true love for this man without the coercion of the enslavement tool. I do this in front of you so that you will know that I am tied to this man for the rest of my natural life and no one can break this bond that we have." The Ardina kissed the head of Zarcoff's prick, put it back into his pants and zipped his fly.

When Ardina got to her feet Zarcoff caressed her cheek and said, "I do love you." 

"Zarcoff please understand what comes next is part of the old tradition on my planet and I do need you to go alone with it," Ardina said seriously.

"Whatever you want I will do," Zarcoff replied.

Mary and Ardina stripped, Mary lay down on the couch and Ardina got between her legs inserting her tongue into Mary's cunt. Ardina's tongue split into tentacles that attached to the nerve endings in Mary's cunt sending Mary into the throws of one giant orgasm after another.

Suddenly Ardina instructed Zarcoff to strip and fuck her from behind. In no time, the three of them were lost as the pounding waves of pleasures sent each of them into one orgasm after another. Soon all three were exhausted and lay on top of one another.  

When Zarcoff and Ardina staggered to their feet, Ardina turned to Zarcoff and said, "What we just did symbolizes the tie between Mother and Daughter and also the Daughter's new husband. You must now fuck Mother. On our planet since I am part of her in the old tradition you being my husband will also have that part too. While Ardina watched, Zarcoff began to fuck Mary again driving her from one orgasmic plateau to another until the dam broke spewing out fluid with such force all three were covered. 

Staggering Mary sat up and looked deep into Zarcoff's eyes. "I want you and Ardina to be happy. She has missed out on so much."

Zarcoff coldly interrupted her, "Where is Fannie?"

Mary was silent for a moment, took a deep breath and whispered, "She is being held at our local headquarters." 

"Why.'" he asked.

"Because she knows too much and she was going to leave the area. If she left, she would be out of the control of the powers that be," Mary replied.

"Damn it Mary, she was supposed to be your Daughter and you should have protected her."

"I couldn't without jeopardizing Ardina."

Zarcoff snapped, "As you can see you did not do a very good job at protecting Ardina from those powers that be. We need to get Fannie out of there and away from here. It is the least we can do."

The Fannie Zarcoff story Final Chapter 11 Betrayal

Once dressed, Zarcoff, Ardina and Mary sat down to plan the rescue Fannie from the clutches of the Aliens. 

Mary said, "I know how to get into the base without setting off the alarms. Since my real daughter is now safe and attached forever to you Zarcoff, I will give my complete support to you and save my adopted daughter Fannie." Mary went on, "I know for a fact that there will be only one person by the name of Kara at the base now. The rest have been sent back to our planet for rotation and the new crew was supposed to be on Ardina's ship. If we attack the base now we should have no problem overpowering Kara especially with your abilities Zarcoff.

Zarcoff asked, "Mary, where is the base?"

"It is at the top of a ridge about twenty miles from here surrounded by a force field and camouflaged. The base is invisible to all earth detection gear," Mary replied.

"Let's get started the sooner the better. I really do not want to have to fight a base load of Aliens using weapons I know nothing about." Zarcoff said.

The three got up grabbed their coats, got into the car and drove following Mary's directions. When they got to what seemed like a deserted mesa, Mary told Zarcoff to stop the car. She got out, took what looked like a remote control devise and pointing it toward a strange looking tree pressed one of the buttons. In seconds a strange building surrounded by a fence with a gate appeared. 

"Quickly now," Mary whispered.

Once inside, Mary led them through a series of corridors into a large room. There a green woman was standing alongside of a chained and a very naked Fannie. Fannie looked up and saw the three of them and started to say something. But Zarcoff interrupted her, "Bitch unchain her now."

Mary turned to the woman and shouted "Kara now."

Both Ardina and Zarcoff were stunned. Then a force field hit Zarcoff almost shattering his entire body. Because Ardina had tied herself both mentally and physically to Zarcoff she felt the same force. Both their hearts stopped and they fell to the floor.

Kara asked, "Who was the female?"

Mary replied, "Ardina my daughter. The foolish girl tired herself in the old tradition to Zarcoff. Now she is as dead as he is."

Kara looked at Mary, "Kadita," using Mary's Zanderbarian name said, "I'm sorry for you daughter, but we had to do this. Now as members of the Women for Sane Control we have our own base on earth. You know that Zarcoff was a menace to us as well as earth." 

Then Kara turned to Fannie, "I'm sorry that you got caught up in this Fannie. I was really getting to feel some affection toward you. But I'm afraid that your usefulness to us as a decoy is over and we will have to put you out of your misery. We can't let you go because you know too much. If anyone either our race you yours finds out what we did here all that we worked and sacrificed for will be for nothing. Don't worry we will make your death painless. You won't feel a thing."

Then a deep voice said, "I don't think that is going to happen."

Kara and Kadita turned toward the voce. Both explained at the same time, "Zarcoff!"

"No not Zarcoff, it's Vladimir," Zarcoff said. Then he froze both women's bodies with a single thought. All they could do was move their eyes. Zarcoff quickly unchained Fannie. "I sending you home," he said.

Fannie asked, "Zarcoff what in hell is going on?"

"I will explain everything later, but right now you have to go home," he told her.

Zarcoff instinctively turned on the transporter and sent Fannie home.

Looking down at Ardina tears began to fall down Zarcoff's cheek. Then he looked up at Kara and Kadita. "Your race has managed to fuckup everything that you have come into contact with and now you bitches have managed to kill on the one person I loved. The only thing that has come out of this is that I now have most of my powers. That means that your worst fears have come true. I am going to make sure that you and your kind are finished here if it is the last thing I do." 

Then he turned and started out of the room. As he did so both Kara and Kadita could hear the base destruction alarm begin the twenty minute countdown. All they could do was stand there unable to move except for the tears flowing down their cheeks.

As Zarcoff walked into the house, he heard a distant explosion that sounded like a very loud clap of thunder. Once in the living room he saw a very beautiful Fannie waiting for him. He told her to sit down and once she was sitting, he began to tell her everything. When he finally finished he began to cry feeling the extreme loss over the death of this beloved Ardina. When Zarcoff stood to leave, Fannie came over to him and caressed his cheek and then kissed him.

"Zarcoff be careful," she whispered

"I have to destroy the rest of the bases," he told her.

"I know," she replied.

Zarcoff turned and left.

Epilogue 

Six months had passed when Fannie she heard a knock at the door. At first she did not recognize him, "Zarcoff," she cried, "what happened."

In a tried voice Zarcoff said, "I have destroyed all of their known bases," he said. They were a lot tougher than I thought. Once I finished I realized that I had nowhere else to go. So I came here. I'm tired and I need to rest for a while. Do you mind that I'm here?"

Fannie walked up to Zarcoff and began to caress his cheek. "Oh Zarcoff, you have always been my first love and in reality my only love. Of course you can come in and stay here. This is your home" she said.

Then one thing led to another and they were on the floor making love. It did not take long both were in the throes of one orgasm after another. Near the end she experienced one huge wave of pleasure and as she slide down that wave, Fannie had a terrifying vision of a very large ugly green sperm moving up into her canal and slamming into one of her eggs. As the green sperm entered, the egg seemed to emit a green glow. Fannie screamed and passed out. In the middle of the night when Fannie awoke she was in bed lying in Zarcoff arms. "A dream, just a dream," she thought and then went back to sleep.

The next morning Fannie found Zarcoff at the foot of the bed. He had died, according to the doctors of a heart attack. Six weeks later Fannie found herself pregnant again. This time the pregnancy followed the normal course of events and nine months later she delivered a baby boy. Fannie named the boy Zander. The name came to her one night in a dream. It seemed only right that the boy should be named Zander after Zarcoff's planet.