 Kyle was awakened by a hand on his shoulder shaking him. It took Kyle a moment to come to awareness and for a little bit he wasn't sure where he was. Then he remembered about the ship and realized he was in his cabin onboard it.

"Kyle, the shuttle is on final approach to the ship," said a voice. Looking over toward the voice Kyle could see it was Tracy, the android with the Asian appearance.

"How long will it be until it docks in the hangar bay?" Kyle asked.

"The shuttle will complete docking in approximately twenty three minutes, Kyle," the android girl replied.

"Ok, I guess I had better get up," Kyle told her. While Cindy had taken the nude female androids quite well on her previous visit to the ship, Kyle thought it might be better if she didn't arrive to find him in bed with two of them. Kyle scrambled out of the bed and into the bathroom for a quick shower. Coming out he pulled a new set of clothes from the drawer where he had stowed them last night before going to bed. Idly the thought crossed his mind that he was going to have to look into the provisions on the ship for laundry. If nothing else having some of the android girls washing it by hand would do the job.

Kyle made it down to the door of the hangar bay just as it was being refilled with air after having been opened to space to allow the shuttle to enter. The two androids accompanied Kyle down to meet the returning shuttle and Kyle found himself wondering what the surprise was that Cindy had in store for him. Kyle hoped Cindy and Shelly were ready to leave on the solar system circumnavigation without any further trips back to Earth. He was curious to see how well the ship would do when under way in interplanetary space.

The door to the hangar bay slid open, the air inside had been fully replaced and the pressure was back to normal. Kyle walked through the door and into the hangar bay. At the same time the door on the shuttle slid open and Cindy and her android Becky stepped out of it. Immediately behind them followed another woman that Kyle recognized as Shelley, and then two more oriental women that Kyle did not immediately recognize. His attention was immediately drawn to the two Asian women because they looked exactly alike, as if they were twins. Shelley and the other two women were looking around the hangar bay almost dumbfounded; they could hardly believe what they were seeing.

Cindy spotted Kyle and ran up to him, throwing her arms around him when she reached him. Kyle kissed his girlfriend greedily for a few minutes, their lips and tongues exploring each other. Then Kyle pushed back and looked at the girl.

"So what is this surprise you told me about," Kyle asked.

"You've already seen it, the Chin sisters," Cindy said with a twinkle in her eye. "Shelley knew them and suggested we invite them along, so I did. I know you will like them."

"I think I will, too. Thank you for inviting them," Kyle said, looking over at the two Chinese girls with an appreciative eye.

"I want to have some real girls around since you already have all those robot girls here," Cindy told him. 

"Thank you, Cindy," Kyle said. "Let's get everything unloaded and go back to my cabin so we can talk."

"OK."

Kyle and Cindy turned and started walking toward the entrance of the hangar bay. At the same time the three android girls were unloading the luggage from the shuttle. It seemed the women had brought quite a lot of things with them, though Kyle wasn't sure if they would need any of it considering what the ship was able to provide.

Shelly, seeing that Kyle and Cindy were walking away beckoned to the two Chinese girls and then started following. The three other girls quickened their paces and rapidly caught up with Kyle and Cindy.

"Kyle, this is amazing!" Shelley said as they walked out of the hangar bay. "How did you find this thing?"

"Just pure luck, I almost can't believe it myself," Kyle replied.

"Well, I'm glad you and Cindy invited me! I'm so excited!" Shelley said.

"Great! I think we can have a lot of fun her and see a lot of things we've never seen before," Kyle replied.

The two oriental girls did not say anything as the group walked down the passageway toward Kyle's cabin. The two were wide eyed as they took in everything there was to see along the way. The two sisters were a bit shyer than the other two women but were actually already very glad they had decided to come along. The two Chinese girls also stared at the nude androids; they were not used to such nonplussed forwardness about nudity.

The door to Kyle's cabin slid open as the group approached, humans in front and then three androids bringing up the rear carrying the baggage. Almost as soon as she entered the room Cindy started removing her clothes. Shelley looked at her friend undress for a moment and then she started to follow her friend. The two Chinese sisters hesitated a little longer but then they decided strip as well. Soon all four women were just as nude as the androids that were carrying in the luggage.

For Kyle this was an unexpected treat, he hadn't expected all four women to get naked so fast, or even at all. Now every female on the ship, both human and android were nude, a nice visual treat for him. The ship kept the living area at a very comfortable temperature, neither too cold nor too hot, so clothes were really unnecessary anyway, except for decoration. After thinking about it a minute Kyle pulled off his clothes as well so now all of the humans on board the ship were nude.

There was only a single bedroom in Kyle's cabin so it appeared that the other three women might want to move their things into the adjacent ones next to his. The two cabins immediately adjacent to Kyle's were just as large and luxurious as his own, and it was a trivial matter to walk between them if it was needed. So Kyle suggested that Shelley and the Chinese twins should take those two cabins. The three women quickly agreed to do so, for storage space if nothing else.

The three androids spent a few minutes unpacking the luggage the girls had brought and putting it away in various drawers, closets, and lockers in the three rooms. Even Cindy had brought a new load with her on this trip; apparently she had had new ideas about what she needed to bring on this trip. Since there was a vast amount of available storage space on the ship it didn't really matter except to give a couple minutes of amusement to Kyle.

It didn't take long for the three androids to have everything stowed away and almost immediately everyone was looking at Kyle, as if asking him what was next. After a moment of thought he decided there wasn't any reason not to get the ship under way immediately. But he thought it would be nice to do that from central control with a nice full crew of androids to help everyone learn about what was happening.

"Adventure," Kyle spoke to the ships AI.

"Yes, Kyle?" came the reply. All of the women looked a little startled at the new and unusual voice but settled down almost immediately.

"Is the ship secured and ready to get underway?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, Kyle. Everything is secured and we can depart whenever you wish," the AI replied.

"Good. I would like to observe our departure from the asteroid from central control. Please arrange for enough additional android units so that all of the control stations will have an operator. The operators can start teaching us a little about how each station works, too." Kyle ordered.

"Acknowledged. Sufficient android units will be waiting in central control by the time your party arrives there."

"Great! All right everyone, let's go to central control and get the trip started. Tracy, please lead the way," Kyle told the group. Kyle had been to the central control room twice before, but he still wasn't sure he would be able to find it on his own so he asked the android to lead the way.

The Asian android girl turned and walked to the door of the compartment, which slid open as she approached it. Kyle started following almost immediately and the rest of the group straggled along behind. Kyle felt a little strange at first walking through the ships passageways nude but he quickly got used to it. It was still pleasant to follow the android girl as she led the way to central control, Kyle let himself drop back just enough to allow him a good view of the android girl.

Cindy quickly caught up with Kyle as they walked along toward central control. Cindy immediately noticed the pleasant view the android girl provided as she walked ahead of the group and since Cindy was bi she also enjoyed it as well. Everything had been happening so fast there hadn't been much time to closely examine the androids and see what they could do sexually but Cindy resolved to find out soon.

As they arrived at the entrance to central control the door slid open and the party walked inside. Kyle walked to the command chair that dominated the room and as he approached it he could see that every station inside the room was already manned by a female android. While each android looked different from the other, every one was beautiful, and every one of them was nude. Since visually there had been nothing in their appearance that deviated from that of a nude woman, for Kyle it was a very happy view that greeted his eyes as he walked into the room.

Kyle reached the command chair and sat down in it. The padded seat and back felt cool and smooth against his naked skin and Kyle realized the chair was actually very comfortable. Kyle did have a thought right after he sat down that this type of moment would be even better if everyone had some sort of uniform to wear, if only for the formal occasions like this one. Something for the females like the mini-dress uniform which had been a costume in one of the sci-fi TV shows Kyle had seen recently maybe. He would have to think about it more later on.

All of the women were looking around wide eyed, for them it was their first visit to central control. The large screen at the front of the room was displaying the view at the front of the ship, with the asteroid at the lower part and stars in the upper. Each of the secondary control stations was also active, with the smaller screens above each lit with different views from outside the ship. Everyone except Kyle walked around the room checking out the different control stations, Kyle gave them a few minutes to get used to things before getting the show on the road. Finally it was time to get things started.

"All right everyone, it is time to get started," Kyle announced. "Adventure, is everything secure and ready for space?"

"Yes, Kyle. Everything is ready for departure. Where do you wish the ship to go?" the ships AI replied.

"Good. I would like you to leave the asteroid we are on now and make for the planet Mercury. Is this possible without being observed from Earth by radar or optical telescope?"

"Yes Kyle, we can easily travel to Mercury without being seen or detected from Earth. The ship has technology allowing it to hide from detection by any sensor available to current Earth technology," the AI replied.

"Then lift off and make for Mercury immediately. Use a moderate, safe speed," Kyle ordered.

"Acknowledged, executing orders now," the AI replied.

On the large view screen at the front of the room Kyle saw the surface of the asteroid suddenly drop away and the entire field of view was now stars and space. Since the distance to even the nearest stars was far greater than that to the planet Mercury the only change to the star field came when the ship changed attitude. Once the ship was steady on course the view on the main screen steadied down and soon became fixed. Now that the ship was on course for Mercury there wasn't anything more left to do in central control except ask a few more questions about the trip.

"Adventure, what is our travel time to Mercury?" Kyle asked.

"At the speed you specified Kyle the travel time to the planet Mercury is 13 hours and 43 minutes. Is this acceptable?" the AI replied.

"Yes. I am not in a hurry to get there. Just take your time and ensure we travel safely," Kyle ordered.

"Acknowledged. Please inform me if you desire any course change before our arrival at Mercury."

"Thank you, I will. Please let me know when we are close to arrival at Mercury," Kyle ordered.

"Acknowledged."

The group spent another hour in central control checking out all of the control consoles and displays, as well as the androids manning them. Kyle liked the idea of each person selecting one or more androids as a personal attendant, just as Cindy had done with Becky and Kyle himself had done with Tracy. The androids could provide a helper, bodyguard, trainer, and company for each human on board the 'Adventure'.

Kyle had his android Tracy again lead the group back to his cabin where the humans could rest and eat during the travel time to Mercury. Until they approached the planet there would be little new that could be seen on the screen outside the ship and in any case the screen in the living quarters were nearly as big as the one in central control. They needed to find something else to do while the ship was traveling to Mercury.

One thing that immediately came to Kyle's mind was a closer examination of the androids. Kyle was curious to see what they looked like close-up, and he thought the women would also like to indulge their curiosity about them as well. The androids were visually indistinguishable from living women at a distance and Kyle was curious to see how much that would hold with a close examination of the androids' bodies. Kyle quickly explained his idea to the women and they eagerly agreed they would like to learn more about the androids, too.

Kyle ordered his android Tracy to go into the bedroom and lie on the bed there and he followed in after here. The four women and the rest of the androids came along right after Kyle so that the bedroom became a little crowded with all of the humans and androids (except for Tracy) standing alongside the bed. Even though two of the androids had slept with Kyle the previous night he hadn't taken the opportunity to examine them closely.

Even looking at the android girl closely Kyle was not able to see any difference in Tracy's body from a real girl. The feel of her skin was the same as a human girl, and she breathed and Kyle could feel a pulse in her wrist. The android girl had all of the body openings a real girl would have and they all seemed to work the same way as a real girl's would. Kyle tested this by inserting a finger in Tracy's mouth, vagina, and anus, and each seemed to be the same as he would have found in a human girl, including smell and moisture. Looking closely at Tracy's skin Kyle could see the same faint patchwork of veins he would see under the skin of a human girl.

Kyle looked closely at the android girl's genitals, which were perfectly lovely. He touched Tracy's clitoris gently and the android responded just like a human girl would have. The android girl was obviously had a sense of touch at least as good as that of a person and she was programmed to respond to sexual touching in the same way a human girl would. Kyle amused himself for a few minutes playing with the android girl's pussy and clit and he noticed she was getting wet just like a human girl would.

Try as he might Kyle was not able to find any visible physical aspect of the android girl's body that indicated in any way that she wasn't a real human girl. Except perhaps that her body was just too perfect as the android girl had no scars or blemishes anywhere at all. As far as he had seen so far all of the other androids were the same and if their bodies were injured or damaged they simply returned or were returned to the android center for repair.

Looking around him for a moment Kyle could see Cindy and the other women also checking out the androids, either Kyle's Tracy on the bed or one of the other ones standing in the room. Kyle already knew that Cindy and Shelly were both bisexual women so he knew they were enjoying themselves examining the androids as he was. The two Chinese twin sisters were also examining the androids they could reach very closely which led Kyle to believe they might also have a sexual interest in other females, too. Since the androids would be able to lick with the endurance of machines they would have a lot to offer sexually to the human women.

"Why don't you fuck her, Kyle?" Cindy suggested.

"You want me to fuck her?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, then you can tell me how you like her," Cindy replied.

Playing with the android girl had definitely been a turn on for Kyle and he had to admit that he was curious to experience sexually the android girl. His penis was stiff and hard as a rock and Cindy could easily see his excitement. Kyle decided to give in to his excitement and curiosity and have sex with the android girl Tracy.

"Do her doggy style, Kyle, so we can see everything," Cindy requested.

"OK," Kyle agreed. The android girl overheard this and got up on her hands and knees so that Kyle could come up behind her on the bed.

The view of the android girl from her position on the bed was wonderful as Kyle knee walked up behind her. Since he still could not visually tell in any way that it wasn't a real human girl the sight turned him on a lot. He moved up behind the android girl until his penis was under her belly. He pulled back a bit and moved his penis to the opening of the android girl's pussy. Kyle slowly started pushing his cock into Tracy's pussy, and soon his penis was fully inside the android girl.

The android girl's vaginal canal felt exactly like that of a human girl and Kyle began to move in her and enjoy the feeling of fucking her. Looking down he could see the lips of Tracy's pussy clinging to his penis as he slowly moved in and out of her.

Off to the side Kyle could see the women and female androids watching closely as he had sex with Tracy. Kyle was finally starting to sense a difference between fucking an android girl and a human girl. The female android's sexual response was too good, too perfect. Tracy the android girl was more into what Kyle was doing to her than any human woman would be.

Kyle was starting to enjoy himself now and soon all thought of any difference between the android girl and a real girl was driven completely from his mind. As he moved his penis inside Tracy's vaginal canal Kyle was enjoying himself more and more and being watched by his audience of pretty girls helped that even more.

After a couple of minutes Cindy climbed up on the bed and lay down on her back next to the android girl Kyle was fucking with her legs spread wide. Cindy's android girl, Becky moved between her legs and started licking the human girl's pussy. Quickly Shelly climbed up on the other side of Kyle and the other android girl moved between her legs and started licking her two. The two Chinese sisters watched in fascination for a while, holding each other, and their hands touching each other more adventurously with each passing moment.

For the next three hours the five humans and three androids continued to have sex in almost every possible way. After finishing inside his android Tracy Kyle went on to have sex with Cindy and then Shelley. After that he rested for a while watching the androids lick Cindy and Shelley to orgasm after orgasm. The Chinese sisters continued watching, playing with each other, and eventually licking each other. Finally all the humans fell into an exhausted sleep in a pile on the bed.