 Sam Sails and Margo Lane two of Gazette's reporters came up to Zarcoff and asked to talk to him. 

He smiled at them and asked "What's on your mind guys?"

Sam said, "Boss we have this lead on a story. A woman by the name of Sally Evendorf said she was kidnapped by Aliens and impregnated by them."

"Oh no, not another of those an Alien made me pregnant stories," Zarcoff groaned. "My Dad hated those types of stories and so do I. He did not want the "Xellidon Gazette" turned into one of those Si-Fi rags. This is supposed to be a real newspaper. I'll bet you this Evendorf person probably got herself pregnant by someone other than her husband or boyfriend and is trying to cover-up. Please don't tell Fannie about this because she will be off and running on a wild goose chase."

Both Sam and Margo answered in unison, Ok Boss."

Zarcoff returned to his computer, he had some work to do before he could leave for his regular weekly swim session with Mary. They had started these swim sessions a few months after his father died. It was a kind of bonding time for them. Mary seemed to be happy just watching him swim and he just loved seeing her in her bathing suit. 

At his desk, he began to think, "Boy these swimming sessions are boring, but seeing Mary in that swimsuit of hers was worth the boredom." Then his mind switched to his weekend with Fannie, "What a fuck she was, I can't believe that we did all those things." Then he started thinking of again Mary, "I can't believe that Mary taught her to do all of that. If the student is capable of all doing all those things, just think what the teacher is capable of doing. Boy I would love to do that with Mary, what a body she has. She is made for fucking." Then he looked at the clock and thought, "Oh, time to go." He then got up and left for home.

Since Mary and Zarcoff were scheduled to go the pool, Fannie was out with her girlfriends and would be gone the entire day. As planned, Mary met Zarcoff in the living room dressed in her swimming suit. She said, "I see you're ready to go Zarcoff." Then she asked, "How was work?"

"You said ten on the dot and it's ten on the dot, replied her Step-son. "As far as work goes two of the reporters got a hold of some dumb story about an Alien abduction and some woman getting pregnant by the Aliens. I told them to drop it and not to tell Fannie. She would be spending weeks wasting her time trying to find the human interest angle on the story." 

"Speaking of Fannie I would like to talk to you before we go, if you don't mind" Mary said.

A look of dread come over Zarcoff's face and he thought, "Oh no, she's going to be after me about fucking Fannie. I don't understand, Fannie said that her Mother was ok with it." Then a smile appeared on his face as he reflected, "I really did enjoy fucking Fannie and taking her cherry." Then he looked at his Stepmother and said to himself, "I would really love to get into that too. Dad said she was the greatest fuck he ever had."

Looking at Zarcoff Mary thought she saw his eyes flash bright green just for a second. "Hmm," she said to herself, "I must have been mistaken." Out loud, she said, "I understand that you and Fannie had a great time while I was gone."

Zarcoff turned bright red and started to speak, but was interrupted by Mary. "Honey, it's ok, I knew it was going to happen sooner or later and I'm glad that you both had a chance to enjoy each other."

Zarcoff just stared at this Stepmother. "If everything is ok then I wonder where this is leading," he said to himself.

"Fannie told me," Mary went on, "that it was your first time too?"

Zarcoff mumbled, "Yes it was."

Mary's voice softened, she reached over caressed his cheek and murmured, "How would you like to have someone to fuck with a little more experience?"

Zarcoff's mouth dropped opened, did he just hear what his Father called the greatest fuck in the world propositioned him. He could not believe his ears and he just stood there.

Mary dropped down, reached into Zarcoff's trunks, grabbed his now raging hard-on, and began to caress it while looking into his eyes. She whispered, "Fannie told me you like this," and the she put his cock into her mouth and began suck.

Zarcoff's only experience with a blowjob was when Fannie did it. But this was out of this world. What Mary could do with her tongue was beyond belief. She would wrap her mouth around his cock and suck on the way out and then using her teeth nip a little on the tip. Then she would use her tongue to tickle him just under the tip. He was in heaven soon he was pumping cum into her mouth by the gallon and Mary never wasted a drop.

Mary looked up and saw Zarcoff's eyes briefly glow bright green again and then return to their normal color. "Couldn't have been," she said to her self. Out loud, she asked "Young man I think we should go down to the basement and enjoy what awaits there. What do you think?" 

Zarcoff just nodded his head.

When they got down at the bottom of the stairs, they both stripped. When they were completely naked, Mary turned and looked at Zarcoff saying, "I need you to do something for me. I know this may seem strange, but I need you to chain me, as you did Fannie. However, I then need you to get the whip from the cabinet, use it on me, and then fuck me with in the ass all your might. Can you do that for me?" Mary asked.

An evil grin appeared on Zarcoff's face, his eye flashed bright green, and he answered "Anything for my Mother."

Once Mary was hung, Zarcoff stood behind her and took a real look at his Stepmother. His eyes traveled up her back from her tight ass, to her waist, and to her shoulders. A strange sense of power came over him radiating from deep within beyond anything he ever felt before. As he stood there staring at Mary's bare back, he could feel this power covering his body like a hot blanket. Had felt a glimpse it earlier when he was fucking Fannie, but now it was becoming so strong that he began to tremble. Then the realization came to him regarding Mary, "There she is, mine for the taking and I'm going to enjoy every inch of her." Instinctively he knew what to do to make her his possession. Her body was like an open book. He knew where to strike with the whip and more, so much more. He eyes turned a brilliant green as he raised the whip. He brought it down on Mary's back as hard as he could. "If this bitch wants be he whipped then she is going to be whipped," he snarled under his breath.

With the first strike of the whip, Mary screamed and her body arched forward. Zarcoff could see her ass tighten and her tits bounce.

"Zarcoff that hurt," she cried, "please not so hard, I like a little pain, but not to the point where my back is bleeding." She turned and could see that Zarcoff's eyes were blazing green.

"What you don't understand my dear Step-Mother, is that you are now mine to do with as I wish," Zarcoff growled. 

When the second blow hit her, Mary screamed and then realized this was for real. Zarcoff was not holding anything back. This was real pain and her body was reacting to the pain with a sexually simulation that she had never felt before. With each blow of the whip, Mary would experience a mini orgasm and her juices would squirt out of her cunt. Soon her legs were drenched in her cum and there was a puddle forming on the floor. 

Zarcoff watched his Stepmother with interest. Every time he hit her with the whip, her body would jerk causing her breasts to bounce, her ass to tighten and her juices to squirt from her cunt. The harder he hit her the more she would jerk and the more excited he would become. Then the need for sexual release became so great that he could not stand it. He walked behind her, placed the tip of his hard cock at the entrance of her anal canal and rammed his hard prick into her ass all the way to the hilt. Then he pulled it out and rammed it into ass again. He started a rhythm with each trust, he would lean forward and would either pinch her nipples giving them a hard twist; or he would pinch her throbbing clitoris. These actions would send a shivers up and down Mary's body. 

Mary began to feel something totally unreal, parts of Zarcoff's dick seemed to search out the nerve endings in her ass and send little shocks of pleasure that went right to her cunt. Mary automatically reacted to each withdrawal by squeezing as hard as she could on Zarcoff's prick and then releasing it so he could enter her again. Soon Zarcoff was pounding her with all his might, looking for the release that finally came in a flood. When he withdrew form her ass, he watched his cum gush out of her. When Zarcoff unchained Mary, she almost fell to the floor.

Once she staggered to her feet, Zarcoff went up to her and grabbed her ass asking, "Are you ready for the next event?"

She looked at him and saw his eyes were blazing green. This was not her Stepson. This was something alien to her. Somehow, Zarcoff could read her mind and body. What he had done to her with the whip was totally unexpected. He had touched something deep within her and what ever that was turned her from his Stepmother to his submissive. A cold feeling dread came over her; she was no longer in charge and she would do anything he wished. With a trembling voice, she finally said, "And what do you have in mind?"

"Get on your hands and knees" he ordered.

As soon as she was down on her elbows and knees, he entered her cunt from behind and began to slowly move his cock in and out of her. Mary rose up on her hands and knees. Again, she got the sensation of Zarcoff's dick sending pulses of pure pleasure to the nerve endings in her cunt. This caused her to enter and then become lost in an orgasmic cloud. Her mind began to question, "How was he doing this?" All she knew was that this was the first time that anyone could keep up with her. Zarcoff just kept fucking her, driving her from one orgasm to another. Finally this time when he spasm inside of her and she felt his dick go limp she and sadly thought. "I guess were done."

Zarcoff got to his feet asked Mary, "Ready for the next course?" The he ordered, "Go over to the cabinet and bend over. Brace yourself for the ride of your life."

Mary staggered up and over to the cabinet and bent over it. Zarcoff with his eyes burning bright green walked up behind Mary, and drove his hard prick all the way in reaching the back wall of her cavity. Mary just groaned, "It can't be he has gotten bigger that anything I have ever felt in my life. Then she returned to her orgasmic cloud, her cunt just spewing our juices at a rate she never experienced before.

All of a sudden, Zarcoff pulled all the way out of her and said contemptuously, "I want to look into your eyes when I fuck you Mother dear." 

He dragged Mary off the cabinet pushed her down on the floor and climbed between her legs. His dick went right into her cunt. Then he began to slowly move his hips driving his prick deep within her. 

"You will not cum until I let you, do you understand." He commanded.

Mary looked up and all she could see were his bright green eyes that seemed to pierce her very soul. Those eyes were reaching into her and destroying her very willpower. She was now totally under Zarcoff's control all she could do was nod her head. Her body was screaming for release, but none was in sight. The pressure was building to the point that Mary thought she would explode. He body began to shiver and shake begging for that release.

Finally, Zarcoff ordered, "Cum Mother dear like you have never cum before."

Mary's body acted on cue and fluid gushed out of her in huge waves. Mary screamed as the last bit of whatever control she had left her mind. Her body exploded in the most earth shattering orgasm she ever felt and then she passed out. 

Mary came too and struggled to her feet completely drained. Zarcoff looked at her smiling and then said "Too much for you huh." Then turned and he went upstairs.

Mary just stood there trying to regain what little strength she had left; and, after a short time, she too staggered up stairs. She really needed a shower. When she got in and started the water, her thoughts turned to Zarcoff. She began to remember how it felt to be fucked by him and without realizing it, she began to masturbate. When she opened her eyes she there was Zarcoff watching her. 

Zarcoff had heard the water running and went in. When he saw her, smiled, "Bend over," he ordered.

She did as she was told.

Zarcoff put the tip his hard prick just inside of Mary still moist cunt and said "Squeeze."

She stood like that for a long time just using her cunt lips to squeeze the tip of Zarcoff prick. It gave her the strangest sensation. Her body craved for him to shove his hard dick all the way into her, but he just stood there not moving, while she kept squeezing the tip of his prick. She was in agony with the need to be fucked again.

Finally, he slowly entered her and then commanded, "Fuck me without moving." 

Mary groaned out loud and began to squeeze the muscles in her thighs and cunt around Zarcoff's throbbing cock. Soon Zarcoff was cumming inside of her. As she felt his release, she began to cum with him. Once finished, Zarcoff left her without a word.

The next morning, fearful of what Zarcoff had turned her into, Mary decided moved out. After telling Fannie of her plans, Mary met with Zarcoff and with a quivering voice said "Honey, I need to leave. What we had was beautiful, but it is now time for you and Fannie."

Zarcoff could feel her fear and knew that somehow he owned her. All he had to do was order her to stay or do what ever else he wanted and she would obey. What ever this control was, in the brightness of day, he did not like it. He wanted the old Mary back, the sexy fun loving woman that he dreamed of fucking, not this person standing in front of him.

Zarcoff put his arms around Mary and said "It's ok." Then for some unknown reason he told her, "You will move next store and when I call you will come to me." 

Mary's body stiffened in his arms. "Yes, I will come anytime you want me," she whispered into his ear. Then she walked out the door.