 The next morning Mary got up, showered and dressed. Her dream haunted her and she dreaded her meeting with Fen. She was torn by the intense sexual feeling that was taking over her body and the feelings of embarrassment. She met Fen in the living room. "Fen you've change, what happened?" She exclaimed.

"I don't know. I just woke up and as you can see I have metamorphosed into what you see. Do you like?"

"More confused than ever," Mary replied, "Of course you are handsome."

"Fen about last night," she stammered. "I need to apologize for what happened. It was my fault entirely."

Before she could finish Fen interrupted her, "Mary you liked it and so did I. So what is the problem? We both know that it is going to happen again and quite often."

Mary just looked at him, but she knew he was right. It was going to happen again and she wanted it to happen. 

"Fen," she said changing the subject, "I had a dream last night that was very strange."

"Mary, Fen smiled and said nonchalantly, "It was no dream. You just experienced some of my new found abilities. I always thought that if I wanted something bad enough all I had to do was concentrate hard and it would happen naturally. It wasn't until that I got older that I realized that this was not natural phenomenon. I did not know the extent of my ability until last night. I have always wanted to fuck you, but I never concentrated on doing it that is until last night in the shower. Then there you were and you did everything I wanted. Then later I decided to see what I really could do with you so I had you sleep walk down to my special room. From what I could tell you really enjoyed it.

"Fen that can't be," Mary gasped

"Do you need another demonstration?" Fen whispered.

Mary's body was suddenly frozen still. All she could do was move her eyes. 

Then the sensation of the first button of her blouse becoming undone, followed by soft caress of each of her nipples. At the same time she could feel something gently rubbing her clitoris. Then the second was undone and at the same time the caressing and rubbing intensified. With each button the caressing intensified. Until her entire blouse was open exposing her tits. As she stood there frozen, she could feel her nipples being pulled and extended while something seemed to be stroking the insides of her cunt as well as stroking her clit. Then before she realized the blouse was gone and she was naked to the waist and her body began to tremble from all the sensations and she began to feel tiny orgasmic convulsions in her cunt. In an instant she was standing in just her shoes as cum began seeping out of her cunt down her legs. 

Gently she was pushed down by an unseen force to her hands and knees. Then her head was pushed to the carpet so that her cunt was open for easy entry. Fen now naked and she could feel his prick against the lips of her cunt. Slowly he began to enter her wet cavity filling it to its very core. Slowly she raised her head off the carpet and pushed back against him. She began to match him thrust for thrust. All she could feel was his pick sending powerful sensations throughout her cunt. She was about to erupt when Fen flipped her over. He reentered her and lifted her legs to his shoulders to get even deeper penetration. Without realizing it Mary began to scream in ecstasy. Fen dropped her legs just as the flood gates of cum was released from them both. The flow seemed to last for hours. Mary's cunt continued to pulsate around Fen's throbbing cock sending wonderful sensations both up and down her spine. 

They both got up and got dressed. Mary left did not bother to button her blouse, she somehow knew that Fen like to seen her tits hanging free. Mary stammered, "How?"

"I don't know. I guess I have always had this ability and I'm just beginning to learn how to use it. I know I like fucking you, but I also know that I want to fuck other women and will every chance I get. In reality you were and are my experiment. You know that you can't deny me anything. I guess that makes you my slave or sex toy or whatever."

Mary looked at him, "You are right," she whispered. I can't deny you anything. Somehow you have a hold on me that nothing but death can break." 

Fen grabbed her in his arms a gave her the most passionate kiss she had ever felt. Her body began to react to his touch. Before Mary realized what was happening Fen had dragged her to a nearby couch. As he pushed her down on it he stripped off her shorts. Spreading her legs he said, "Now I want to taste you for the first time."

Mary's hips rose up to meet his hungry mouth and tongue His tongue and lips sent her into one orgasmic convulsion after another. All she could do was scream begging for mercy, but his relentless mouth gave her none. Finally her body gave one mighty jerk and she collapsed. 

Mary struggled up to feet and put her arms around Fen. "I do love you Fen and I will do what ever you ask; but you must realize there difference in our age. There is no way I can keep fucking at this pace. I would love too, but my body is just not up to it."

Mary put on her shorts but left her blouse open and smiling she said, "Fen sit down. May I ask you a question?"

"Of course, anything," he replied.

Fen's mind raced to Lisa in the pack and the blow job she gave him. All he did was think how it would feel to have her suck on him and the next thing he knew she was on her knees rubbing and sucking his cock. To Mary he said, "Not much just a blow job."

Mary gasped and stood up, "You mean I'm the one that took your virginity. That should have been given to the one your really love."

Fen stood up and took her in his arms, "You were the one I always wanted to be my first from the very beginning," 

Looking him in the eyes Mary explained, "Base on your sexual drive you will definitely need more that I can give. Before I really did not understand you when you said you I would not be the only woman you would need. Now I do. Just standing like this I can feel you sticking me with the monster of a cock. I know that you are ready to go again and I just can't right now. In reality, I don't want you bringing home just any female for the sole purpose of fucking. I have an idea on how we can add to our household without damaging my relationship with you. I have a sister, well a step-sister. We were both adopted by the same couples. During our teen years be became friends and lovers."

"Why haven't you told me about her before?" Fen asked. 

Mary answered, "Because at the time we had parted on a sad note and she was very angry at me. I wanted to go to college and make something of myself. She just wanted us to live together and make love forever. When I left she said that she did not want to see me again and I took her at her word."

"What has changed," questioned Fen.

"She has just been divorced and left with two daughters who were supposed to go to college. Because of the divorce, she is now left without a home and without any money. If I know her she will love fucking you and if her daughters are like her they will enjoy a romp in the sack with you too."

Fen and Mary stood up. "Sounds like a plan to me," Fen said taking Mary in his arms and kissing her.

Mary moaned, "Fen I mean it, I can't keep this pace up. If I have one more orgasm my heart will burst. I am truly worn out. You have fucked me one way or another for almost four hours straight. You have to remember I have not had any sex for well it seems like for ever. Now you are trying to make up for it in less than a day.

Fen laughed, "Well I guess it is the old five finger pussy for me huh. He turned and left the room.