 Report 007 Offer Accepted 

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zod of the SS Venus this is Earth Observation Report 006, Star Date 5946. As I had previously reported, the Earthling Samantha Swallow made me an offer to act as my guide on this planet. Since it became evident from Samantha's comments that I was not like earthmen physically, I concluded there could be other unknown factors that I could run into. If I did, I would definitely need help in overcoming them to survive on this planet without discovery. Therefore, I have accepted her kind offer. Now all I have to do is learn to live with this beautiful creature that I have grown so fond.

As I previously reported, once we were downstairs and Sam had made the suggestion; all I could do was look into her eyes and agree. She smiled at me saying, "Smart choice, I don't think you will be disappointed and from what we did upstairs I know I won't. Now I need a bath and then something to eat."

"Bath, what's that," I asked.

She replied with another question, "What you don't bathe on your planet how do you keep clean?"

"We spray ourselves with a special compound that removes all the dirt and germs," I replied.

"Well on this planet we bathe in water and use soap. I personally like to soak in a bubble bath," she said her soft laugher caressing my ears.

Thinking of learning something new I asked, "Can I watch?" 

"Of course, if you want. I never had anyone watch me as I bathed before," again she laughed softly.

We went into a room she called the bathroom and she ran the water in thing called the tub and poured some liquids into it. She undressed and as the water foamed she immersed her sexy body into the liquid. As she sank down into the liquid, she released a moan of pleasure. Then she leaned back saying, "The best part of all of this is how relaxed it makes you feel. 

All I could think was how lucky those bubbles as she called them as they got to wrap around that wonderful body of hears. After a bit she got up out of the tub, dried off, dressed and then let the water out of the tub. "We always use clean water every time we bathe," she said. Then she took me by the hand and led me out to what she called the kitchen. Once in the kitchen, all I could do was stare at her in her sexy outfit, short skirt, heels and a two-piece thing that barely covered her magnificent tits. She got me to call them that. I just could not keep my eyes off of them. 

Then I heard her voice asking, "Now the first question I have is can you eat earth food?"

"I don't know, I have never had any," I answered. "We had better find out before we go anywhere don't you think?"

"I guess so," I stammered.

She went over to a box she called a refrigerator and pulled out something she called pork chops. "I make the greatest pork chops that I know of. I do hope you can eat them, but most of all I hope you like them," she said.

She place them on what she called a cutting board and began to cover them something she called olive oil. She then took something called breadcrumbs and made a pile. Then she sprinkled something called seasonings into the pile and rubbed the chops into the pile coating each chop.

"I do like to cook," she said, "but it is more fun when you do it with someone special. That means if you can eat earth food then I will teach you so that we can cook together."

Once everything was coated, she walked over to what she called a stove and began to cook the chops. In a few minutes, she tasted the food and said, "It's ready." She piled the food onto a plate, turned to me and said, "Come on I can only poison you." Then she laughed, "Just kidding."

As she walked to the dining area, the wondrous odors filled my nose and my mouth began to water. It had been a long time since I had my food tablets. I sat down and tentatively picked up a small piece of meat on what she called a fork, putting into my mouth took my first bite of earth food. It was the most wonderful thing I have ever had. What was more important is that I found out that my stomach could digest it.

When we finished eating, Sam started to clean up; as she walked by me, I smiled and said, "That was great I loved every piece of it," as I followed her into the kitchen.

As I walked in, I saw her bending over what she called a dishwasher and put the dirty dishes into it. I could not help myself; I walked over to her and took her into my arms. "You are wonderful," I said.

She pulled me close and place her lips on mine kissing me. As she did so, her tongue slipped between my lips and she began to caress my tongue. In no time, my toes began to curl and I felt my prick get extremely hard. Then the realization hit. "Sam," I moaned, "what if all earth women affect me this way?"

She pulled out of my arms and turned away. "Don't you think I have thought of that," she whispered. "All I know is that when you came into my life I was lost, lonely and feeling sorry for myself. I was just wallowing in self-pity. I lost what I thought was the love of my life only to find out that he was not that love. I found that the love came from outer space. Of course, I realized that I was the first earth woman you met and fucked. From what you told me about Sunsearey, that was not your greatest love either. So where does that leave us? I don't know Zod. All I do know is whatever happens I am glad for what we have now. I will worry about other women later. Like I said before I like women too and am willing to share them with you if you let me. As long as I can some of your time for me alone I will be happy and if that is not possible then I will take what I can get." 

Sam walked across the room shedding her clothes as she did then climbed on a cabinet facing me. Looking at me she said, "I need that cock of yours in me now. I want you to fuck me until I scream for mercy."

I followed her lead and walked over shedding my clothes as I went too. Once I got to her, I lifted her legs, put them my shoulders and shoved my throbbing cock all the way into her. When I looked up at her face, she had a wistful expression and her eyes were moist. 

As I began to pump in and out of her, she began to moan then her mouth opened as she panted, "Oh Zod that feels so good, please don't stop." Her eyes got big and she screamed, "Oh yes, yes I'm I Cumming oh god yes." She slumped on my shoulder and she began to sob softly. "Zod I love you and all I want is the best for you even if it isn't me.

I pulled my prick out of her feeling things that I never felt before. "Sam we don't have that emotion on our planet. We have sex for emotional release or for having children. We attach ourselves to mates for short periods of convenience. The feelings you describe are new to me."

Slowly we got dressed. Once clothed, I went over to her and caressed her cheek, "Sam I do feeling something strange new and wonderful just being with you; but, I don't know it that is feeling I will have toward all earth women, that I have to find out. I will stay with you as long as you want me too. That is one promise I will make." She smiled at me, "What more can I girl ask."

I thought to myself, "A hell of a lot more."

Report 008 Revelation 

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zod of the SS Venus this is Earth Observation Report 006, Star Date 5949. Once I told Samantha that I would stay with her as long as she wanted me to, she got very serious.

"Zod," She said, "we need to talk. I have to explain a few things to you. Let's go into the living room shall we. We can be more comfortable there."

Once there we sat on the couch and she began to tell me the story of her family. "Zod my family runs the biggest bordello, better known as a whore house, in the state and the biggest employment agency for women. In case you are interested, Whore Houses are legal in this state. 

Anyway, at the beginning of World War II, my Grandmother was as a prostitute in Hawaii. That was the only job she could find after my Grandfather died and she needed a job to support my Mother and herself. Because of the large volume of trade, she made a lot of money. She liked the work, but she hated the concept of "wham bam thank you Ma'am. So, she left Hawaii after a year, came here, and opened her own place. She only hired what she called the "nicest girls," the ones who were not after quantity but after quality. As she would say, there are times when a man can't get it up for whatever reason or he fires his pistol too soon. In those cases, a woman should show him patience, kindness and understanding and in time that man will become a tiger in the bedroom. Because of her insistence on quality time, the girls would spend a lot of time with their customers and in turn those customers would show their appreciation."

I said, "We don't have anything like that on our planet."

Sam just looked at me, took a deep breath, ignoring my comment and continued, "The soldiers were so taken with the girls that two of them each named one of the girls as beneficiaries on their life insurance and when they were killed each woman received ten thousand dollars. One of girls was so upset that she cried for two weeks and almost refused the money. When one of her customers heard about that, he asked her if she would cry for him if he died. She replied of course. Unbeknownst to her, he made her his beneficiary. When he was killed, she received another 10 thousand dollar check. This time she just quit the business and went to work in a defense plant. There she met a man who was classified 4F by the draft board and married him. Unfortunately for her, the guy was under a crane carrying the fuselage of a B17 when the cable snapped. He was killed instantly."

I commented, "Talk about hard luck. Yes we have hard luck on our planet too."

Sam stopped, just looked at me and then continued, "When my Mother finished high school she applied to Yale and was accepted. She stayed there until she finished with a Master's in Business Administration. Grandma was big on education. During her enrollment in the Master's program, she met my Father, a Captain in the Army. He was West Point Graduate who was attending Yale as part of the Army's advancement program. They were married in the West Point Chapel two weeks before his deployment to Vietnam. Dad was a helicopter pilot and on his first mission when the rotor snapped on his chopper and it plunged to the ground killing his entire crew. After that, Mom came home to Grandma since she felt she had nowhere else to go. Grandma being a smart lady realized that the working life of her girls was short and they needed a retirement program; and, since Grandma did not think that Mom had temperament to be a "working girl," she asked her to set up and run a retirement program for the women in the bordello. Which Mom did and from there she began to train the women for a life after their Bordello career was finished. One thing led to another and soon she was investing in business that some of the girls started after they presented her with a reasonable business plan. Mom realized that other women could use a little help getting established too, so she started an employment agency strictly for women."

"So the employment agency is just not for recruiting women to work as prostitutes," I asked.

"No," she replied. She took another breath, "Now to continue, when I finished high school I applied to Harvard and was accepted. I finished school with a degree in Business Administration and was attending Harvard Law School when I met Jim and upon graduation married him. Since his family was from the blue bloods of Boston, they did a background investigation on me and found out about the family business. Needless-to-say they were not happy. Jim on the other hand could care less. He just turned his back on them and moved out here. Like I told you before, Jim liked to play his sex games and I enjoyed them as much as he did. However, during one of our games he died of a heart attack, that was last year. Then Mom died last month and I was going through her stuff when you found me at the desert house. Yes I now run the business and you will have access to the girls if you want them."

I just smiled at the thought.

She looked at me with a funny expression then said, "To continue, what I was finding out was that the business was in deep shit. Apparently we lost a lot of money in this economic down turn."

"I thought you said you had money you could give me if I need it," I said

"I have around five thousand in cash. That is what I meant I could give you," she said quietly.

I looked at her and asked, "How much do you need?"

"Right now I have enough in the bank to keep us going for about two months after that I will need at least two million to keep us solvent until the economy turns around. This is if I want to keep paying the retirees their pensions."

"How would ten million do," I asked.

"Don't joke," she said very seriously, "Where would you get ten million."

I explained, "While you were enjoying that sex machine on the ship, I did some work on your computer and managed to secure about 50 million in the Cayman Hallmark Bank. I can arrange them to give you a lone for which I will pay back immediately. Then you can pay me at say four percent interest when you are ready. What is your account number?"

She mumbled, "0098760 Sunnydale Union Trust. Then she just sat there without saying another word. I walked over to the computer typed in the required information and had the money transferred to that account and returned to the couch saying, "Done."

Suddenly Sam got up from the couch and went over to an implement she called a telephone pressed some buttons. Waited a second, put it to her ear and said. "Louisa I have the financing we are good to go. I am bringing a new partner, to say the least he is very and I mean very special. I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah I love you too. Bye."

Then she turned to me, smiling, "I know it's late but we do have a long way to go so let's going, I'm driving. You drive like a mad man."

Once we were in the car she turned to me, "I find myself loving you more and more." The she grinned at me put the car in gear and we sped off into the night.