 Report 005 New Experiences 

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zod of the SS Venus this is Earth Observation Report 004, Star Date 5942. As you can tell by my clothes and the background, I am no longer on the Venus. I have left the ship as planned to live among the Earthlings, I am recording this report and I will record all subsequent reports as long as I am away from the ship. I plan to return to the vessel periodically to send in these recordings.

As I stated in my last report, "Earth Observation Report 003, Star Date 5940," I had run a finance program and ended with fifty million American Dollars in a Cayman Island bank. I also created a new identity for me to use. In addition, I decided to take the Earthling Samantha Swallow back to her place of residence since I completed all my testing of the Earthling.

I gave her a full 24 hours to recover from her ordeal from the sexual sensitivity test. When I went back to her cell, I found that she was still asleep. Upon hearing me enter the Earthling awoke and slowly sat up.

Sounding still dazed, she mumbled, "Oh it's you." She staggered to her feet and moaned, "What other delightful treats do you have in store for me?"

I opened the cell door and she slowly walked out. 

"Look," she told me softly, "I don't know how much more I can take. That last test did almost me in. My body does not know what to do anymore. The first test sexually reached places in my body that I didn't know existed. The second test caused me so much pain I wanted to die. Now this last test, well at first, it was wonderful, I never knew that I could feel so much exquisite pleasure, but then that dammed machine made pleasure turn to the most excruciating pain I ever experienced. Then it kept jerking me back and forth between the two ripping my body apart. All I can say is if you have any more tests like that, I may not to survive them." Then she began to cry softly, "I really don't know how much more I can take."

Taking a deep breath I said, "Samantha to be honest I thought the last test would be a piece of cake for an Earthling. Sunsearey used that program all the time, well maybe not all the time, but quite often and had no problems. Since you did so well on the other tests, I thought you would love that one. I guess you Earthlings have a lower threshold for sexual pleasure than we do. Now to ease your fears there are no more tests and I am going to take you back home." As I handed her the dress I said, "Here are your clothes so please get dressed." Once she was dressed, I got the handcuffs and the blindfold and told her "Samantha I have to put these things on you. You have to leave this ship the same way you came in blindfolded and handcuffed." 

I put them on her and as she stood before me, all I could think of was how beautiful she was. I walked her out to her car helped her in and got into the driver's seat. Just as I started the engine, she turned to me saying, "After all that, you never did fuck me, why?"

Her question caught me off guard, I knew deep down that I did want to fuck her, but couldn't bring myself to take advantage of her in that way. Therefore, I did the only thing I could do, just stared straight ahead, put the car in gear and took off without answering. We drove the all the way back without saying a word.

Once we got back, I walked her into the house still handcuffed and blindfolded. When I removed them I started to turn and leave when she said, "You never did answer my question, "Why didn't you fuck me?"

I looked at her, "I needed you for testing as part of the mission. You were not there for pleasure, or to satisfy any of my needs or desires."

She looked at me and said, "Did you desire me?" "Samantha I have to go, I have a mission that I must do," was all I could say.

She poked me, and sharply said, "Damn your fucking mission answer me do you desire me, do you want to fuck me?"

"Sam I have wanted to fuck you from the first time I saw you sitting on that couch. You are the most beautiful desirable woman I have ever seen. But after all the things I put you through how can you even think of having sex with me?" She smiled, dropped to her knees, opened my fly and pulled out my hard cock. Smiling up at me, she said very softly, "Sam, yes I like that you can call me that. To answer your question, I could see in your eyes that you had feelings for me and somehow you have stirred something in me." Then she looked down at my cock and, "Oh my god, its green, you prick is green."

"Isn't everyone's," I asked?

She looked back up at me and said with a laughing, "Not hardly, at least not anyone on Earth that I have heard of anyway. I would recommend that if you use a men's restroom that you use a stall with a door. Otherwise, you just might draw some unwanted attention to yourself. Now where was I oh yes now I remember," as she dropped her head, put the tip of my green dick between her lips and started tickling the tip with her tongue. 

I never had any one use their mouth on me like that before. The wonderful sensations she was casing rippled up and down my spine causing my toes to curl. She took it deep into her mouth and began to suck and at the same time gently caress my balls, which were beginning to swell. She removed he mouth from my very hard throbbing cock and looking up at me said, "I can tell you like it."

She put her head back down, placing the throbbing head between her lips and began move them down so that my cock moved all the way into her mouth. Then she move her head back letting my cock slide out of her mouth to the very tip teasing it with her tongue as she went. She kept repeating the process, which sent hundreds unbelievable shocks of pleasure up my spine to burst inside my mind. 

All I could do was groan. My balls seemed to expand to the point where I thought they would explode and they did as I felt a huge flood rip through my convulsing prick into her waiting mouth. Only when Sam sucked the last bit of liquid out of my now limp dick did she take it out of her mouth. Then she kissed the tip, put it back into my pants and stood up.

Taking both of my hand into hers, smiling she said, "You taste like sweet nectar. How did you like it?"

I stood there unable to move. "I never would have believed that anyone could do that with their mouth."

"What no one sucks cock on your planet, Sam asked smiling?

"Yes, but I have never had it done to me. Sunsearey and I did have sex, but it was not an important part of our relationship. That is why she liked to use the machine. We were matched based on our physiological compatibility not our sexual compatibility. Unlike Earthlings who use constantly sex for pleasure or power, we use it primarily to reproduce our race. Sharply she said, "If that is the only reason you fuck, then why did Sunsearey have to use that machine?"

I explained, "Look although we are a lot like, we do have some differences. Unlike a male Earthlings sperm, which has a limited lifespan, ours has a life span of over fifty years. When a male from our race impregnates a female for the purpose of reproduction, each of the male's sperm attaches itself a single female egg, fertilizing all her egg at once. Thus, the female will produce a child every nine months throughout her reproductive years. In that we are alike, it takes nine months on our planet too. However, the males of our race do have a built in control over the release of sperm. If we want to have sex for only pleasure, we can literally stop the release of our sperm. I just never had a real sexual interest in Sunsearey." 

Then I looked into Sam's eyes, "Dam it, I should have kept walking and never stopped here. I knew from the moment I saw you that you were trouble. Even then, I began to feel things inside of me that I never knew existed. What the hell do I do now?"

Smiling, her eyes twinkling like jewels she softly whispered, "How about going upstairs and we can talk about it?" Report 006 Earth Women are an Enigma 

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zod of the SS Venus this is Earth Observation Report 005, Star Date 5944. 

As I had previously reported, the Earthling Samantha Swallow invited me up stairs and after careful thought, I decided to accept her invitation. Machines can only tell us so much; therefore, I felt that firsthand experience was warranted. As soon as we arrived in what appeared to be her sleeping quarters she removed her top and said, "You do like my tits don't you?" Then she softly said, "Take off your clothes I am going to give you the ride of your life."

The next thing I knew I was we were totally naked and I win in her arms kissing her with my prick hard against the lips of her vagina. When our lips parted, she turned me around and gently pushed me down on the couch behind me. Once I was down, she bent over me took the tip of my hard cock between her lips and began to tease it with her tongue. I felt my balls begin to swell and I thought I was going to cum right then and there; but, I regained control of myself. I kept telling myself that I had to treat this as an experiment and not lose control.

She got up, straddled me by placing he knees on either side of my hips or slowly lowed herself down enveloping my throbbing cock with her cunt. Once she was settled, my cock buried deep inside of her, she looked into my eyes saying, "I am going to fuck your brains out."

She grabbed my shoulders and gradually lifted her hips up squeezing my cock as she rose. I could see her tits jiggle slightly as she moved and feel the nerve ends in my prick rubbing against the walls of her canal. My cock seemed to have a mind of its own as it began to grow inside of her. She stopped at the point where the lips of her cunt held the just tip of my prick and began to squeeze gently sending wave after wave of undesirable sensations up my spine. As she leisurely slid back down my cock she groaned, "You've gotten bigger."

She started to ride up and down on my now enlarged shaft faster and faster. After a short period, she leaned back and moaned, "This feels so good!"

All of a sudden, she grabbed my head, leaned forward and shoved my mouth on her tit. As she did, I saw that big beautiful melon up close and could not help myself. I took the nipple in my mouth and began to tease it with my tongue then nibble on it with my teeth. As I did I could hear her groan, her cunt seemed to grab my prick like a snake swallowing its prey convulsing around it. Her entire body began to shake as her juices began to flow like an unending river round my cock.

The next thing I knew I was staring into her beautiful eyes. "You didn't cum," she said breathlessly more as a statement than a question.

I smiled up at that beautiful face, "I told you we can control our release of sperm." Then in one motion, I lifted her up, laid her on the floor spreading her legs. "Now it's my turn," I said.

I placed my lips on her wet clit and began to suck. Her body began to shake making her tits sway from side to side. In no time, she was holding her head and moaning. I began rubbing her clit with my upper lip while I sank my tongue deep into her cunt and at the same time shoved two fingers up her anal canal. As soon as the fingers penetrated her ass, she began to groan and I could feel the walls of both canals began to shudder. 

"Oh god," she moaned. A s I rammed both tongue and fingers out of their respective holes, she raised her, shoulder's up as high as she could kicking her legs up and down as fluid shot from her cunt into my waiting mouth. She tasted so good. Not waiting for her body to recover, I flipped her over on her stomach grabbed her hips, raised them up and shoved my cock deep within her set cunt.

Staggering up on all fours she started crying, "No more I can't take any more." Then fell back down, while I continued pumping in and out of her. Her groans turned to whimpers and her body just shook.

When I felt that I had given her as much as she could take, I stood up picking her up with me and pulled her body tight and whispered, "What do you think?"

She reached back and caressed my cheek without saying a word. I carried her over to the bed and held her in my arms. After a while she softly said, "I have never felt anything like that in a long, long time."

I smiled down at her, "And, I am not done yet.

I flipped her over, shoved my cock back into her cunt and began pumping in and out again. She groaned, "Oh god, this does feel so good." She finally collapsed and I took her in my arms and we both fell sound asleep. After all, it was the first time for both of us in a very long time. The next morning I got up and went to the bathroom to use the toilet. Just as I finished, 

Sam came in and sat down straddling me as she did so she grabbed my prick, which immediately jumped to attention and shoved it in her cunt. She leaned back saying, "I always wanted to fuck someone on the toilet."

With the most devilish smile, she began to rid up and down on my hard throbbing member. My balls began to swell and I had to concentrate not to spew my sperm into her. I could feel her as she once again reached one orgasm after another. The woman was almost too much.

When she finished she got very serious, "You never cum, why?"

"The first time you used those beautiful lips on me I did," I explained. "You caught me off guard. Lucky for you I did not do that in your cunt. I told you that our sperm last for years and you could have spent the rest of your reproductive life bearing the results. Do you understand me?"

She nodded her head.

"Just because I do not cum does not mean I don't enjoy making love to you, because I do," I went on. "You are a very special person." Now I have to get dress and get ready to leave, I have a job to do and as much as I want to say I can't"

Once we were dressed and down stairs, I started to say my good-byes when she pointed a finger at me and said, "You need me and my help. You have no clue as to what our world is like. Someone would have spotted you as something strange right off the bat with that green prick of yours. Not only that, but I'm rich and can help you with money when and if you need it. You don't have your mate Sunsearey to help you anymore. Besides you care for me I can tell."

"Look," I answered, "you are right I do care for you, but my race is not monogamist and I like women so I would only hurt you in the end."

She smiled, "Look from what I just been through upstairs, you are more than two or three Earth women can handle so I would have no problem in that area, plus I like women too. All I need is you and if you don't mind sharing the other women with me that would be great."

All I could think about is what I do now.