 Kyle called over his android Tracy. The two Chinese women sitting beside him had been silent during Tiffany's request to use the male android. It seemed to Kyle they were just enjoying male company again after a long period of time without it.

"Tracy, can we get a view of what the androids see on the screen here? Kyle asked when the android girl reached him.

"Yes, Kyle, you can have a view from the eyes of any android you wish displayed on any screen in the ship. Do you want to see one on the screen here now?"

"Yes, show me the view from the male android which just left the room." Kyle replied.

The large screen immediately lit up displaying the view from the male android's eyes. Kyle could see that the android was walking slightly behind the two women, allowing those watching from the android's eyes to get a nice view of Jackie and Tiffany. The uniforms the two girls wore were so short that occasionally a flash of bare ass could be seen as they walked.

"Can we get sound, too?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, activating now," the android girl replied and Kyle could suddenly hear the footsteps of Jackie and Tiffany as they walked. The heels of the boots the two women wore clicked loudly on the deck in the passageway as they walked.

For the next hour Kyle watched from the male android's eyes as it fucked the two human women in every way possible. Kyle also learned that he could give instructions to the android remotely and he had some fun directing the android in what it should do to the women. After a time it was almost as if he was using the android as a toy to play with the women himself. Kyle got so much into his interaction with the android and the two women it was with that he hardly noticed that all of the other women were now gathered around him watching the screen as well.

After watching for nearly an hour Kyle ordered the male android to finish with the two women and leave them alone in the room they were in. Kyle had grown tired of watching for the moment and he had noticed the women get getting tired, too. The male android had the unlimited stamina of a machine and this had soon exhausted the two women it had been with.

While watching the view from the android Kyle wasn't totally absorbed by the action he was seeing, a part of his mind was also thinking about the possible uses the androids would have for him and his companions. The first idea that came to mind is it should be possible for everyone on the ship to send down an android replacement for them to take care of whatever business they might still have on Earth. For minor activities the androids could handle it on their own and for more serious things the androids could get feedback from the human they were replacing. The more Kyle thought about it the more he liked this idea.

Kyle had also been thinking about what he wanted to do when they arrived at Mars. He knew that Mars was the most Earth-like of the planets and making a visit to the surface should not be too difficult since the ship could provide pressure suits suitable for working in the environment there. Kyle liked the idea of becoming the first human to actually visit the surface of that planet and he thought some of the other humans along would be interested in going as well. Kyle decided he would announce his plan once they reached and entered orbit around the planet.

As Kyle sat there on the couch in his cabin he remembered that the older Chinese women had gone to the medical center earlier and were now sitting on the couch with him. Looking at them appreciatively he also noticed they seemed to be looking unusually healthy for their ages, with a glow that was more normal for women who were younger than they were. Kyle found himself wondering if the treatments they had received had somehow reversed some of the effects of age upon their bodies. He was correct in this assessment which would become more and more apparent as time went on and the effects of the treatments grew with time.

Kyle decided that it would be a good thing for all of the rest of the humans on the ship to follow the example of Lin and the others and pay a visit to the medical center before the ship arrived at Mars. That way everyone would be as healthy as possible for the expedition down to the surface of the planet. If nothing else it would be a good way to pass the time while the ship was in transit to the red planet. Kyle motioned his android Tracy over so he could give the necessary instructions.

"Tracy, please round up everyone for a trip to the medical center. Pull Jackie and Tiffany out of the room they are in and send them there too. I want everyone who hasn't been through it yet to get a complete exam and treatment," Kyle instructed as he stood up. 

"Yes, Kyle," Tracy acknowledged as she relayed his instructions silently to the other androids via their network.

Kyle led every one of the humans to the medical center, even those who had already been there before went along to provide company. Fortunately the number of humans to be treated was small enough there was a treatment bed available for everyone to occupy at the same time. Kyle and everyone else who had not been there previously removed their clothes and lay down on the treatment beds. Kyle quickly fell asleep as the treatment bed began to do its work upon his body.

Kyle awoke an hour later feeling strangely refreshed and he was immediately completely awake without any residual drowsiness. Several of the others who had undergone treatments were already awake but there were three women who had hidden medical conditions that would take a few minutes longer to treat. Despite this when it was done everyone would be completely healthy with their aging slowed considerably. The effect of this would become more and more apparent as time went on.

Once everyone's treatment had been completed Kyle got everyone's attention and announced his plan to make a landing on the surface of Mars. Everyone trooped down to the shuttle bay where the hostile environment suits and other equipment were stored. The 'Adventure' had already manufactured pressure suits customized for every human on board and of course these suits were far more comfortable and efficient than those used by the space programs back on Earth. The body covering was a thin form fitted garment which covered the body and to which boots and a helmet were attached. These were very light and far more comfortable to wear than any space suit that Kyle had ever seen before.

Despite the thinness of the suit material they had the capability to sustain the wearer in a wide range of temperatures and pressures and could easily handle the conditions found upon the surface of Mars. 

There were several types of pressurized vehicles that were also available for use on the surface and even small aircraft. There were also a number of even smaller un-pressurized vehicles that would require their operators and passengers to wear pressure suits at all times. Kyle picked out a tracked vehicle which seemed to provide the safest and most versatile ground transportation for the period of time he was planning to spend on the surface of Mars. Of course if he changes his mind once the party was on the surface Kyle could always have the ship send down any other vehicle he might want.

The ship's AI sent a work party of androids down to start prepping the shuttle and ground vehicle that Kyle had picked out for the trip to the surface. The androids also started assembling and stowing the air, food, and water supplies that would be needed during the trip. Kyle was assured that everything would be ready by the time the ship arrived at Mars. Taking a minute to think about it Kyle decided that he needed to hold a training session on the equipment they would be using before the ship arrived at Mars. The pressure suits came to mind as something they needed to learn how to use.

Since the ship would be arriving at Mars within the next few hours Kyle decided he needed to have the training immediately so everyone would have at least a little time to get used to the equipment they would be using. Kyle called to his android Tracy to give the order.

"Tracy, I want to set up a training session for everyone on the equipment we will be using on the surface of Mars." Kyle ordered.

"Certainly, Kyle. I will make the arrangements immediately," the android girl replied.

"We need to do this as soon as possible, before the ship arrives at Mars," Kyle said.

"Understood. The other humans are now being informed and instructor androids are on their way here," Tracy replied.

The other humans began arriving at the shuttle bay in the next few minutes and while it took a few extra minutes for the two who had been with the male android to arrive, everyone was in the shuttle bay within ten minutes. The androids got the impromptu class underway promptly after that.

Everyone was shown the pressure suits that would be required wear for the Martian surface, how to put them on and take them off, as well as the safety equipment used with the suits. Then everyone was fitted for their own personalized suit, which were manufactured on the spot by the ships clothing synthesizers.

The space suits were so tight they did not allow wearing any other clothing under them but the humans found their new space suits to be quite comfortable. The thin yet very strong material seemed to allow movement even more easily than regular clothes; they would later learn this continued to be true even when there was a vacuum outside the suits. The helmet was somewhat like a fishbowl in appearance but very thin and light. The humans practiced putting on and taking off the suits several times.

"What about weapons? While I'm sure we won't need them on Mars it will feel safer to have something with us," Kyle asked.

"We have standard hand weapons will those do? Or do you feel we need something heavier?" the android Tracy replied.

"Those will do nicely, please issue one to everyone when we prepare to leave. You can start loading the larger items on the shuttle now."

"Acknowledged, it is being done now," the android replied.

"Good. How far are we from Mars now?" Kyle asked.

"In terms of travel time the 'Adventure' is 42 minutes away from the insertion point for orbit around the planet. Do you want to know the physical distance remaining to be crossed?"

"No, that is not necessary, travel time is good enough," Kyle replied.

"Once a stable orbit around the planet has been achieved we can depart for the surface whenever you are ready," the android Tracy continued.

"I want to bring one android for every human to provide security and other assistance if needed."

"Yes, Kyle, the android units for this purpose have been identified and will be ready when needed."

During much of this conversation the ships AI was using the female android as a communication device, though it could have spoken using the ships public address system. But the humans seemed to be more comfortable communicating with the androids who looked just like themselves. In any case considering the networked nature of the androids they were an integral part of the ships AI. While the androids could easily act on their own individual initiative when not in communication with the ship network most of the time their individuality was arbitrary.

The humanoid androids would be wearing pressure suits just like the humans to prevent damage to their synthorganic skin. The androids could function in vacuum if needed but doing so would require replacement of their skin and certain other parts. By using pressure suits there would be no need for such repairs. It would also make the androids appear more normal to their human companions.

Kyle decided he wanted to leave for the Marian surface as soon as possible and so the humans started boarding the shuttle as soon as all the supplies were loaded and it was ready for them. Kyle was feeling a bit of excitement about visiting Mars since he and his crew would be the first people to visit the planet. Just being able to walk on the surface was a thrill in itself.

The passing of another hour found everyone seated on the shuttle descending toward the Martian su6rface. Kyle had instructed the androids to scan the planet as the shuttle descended and steer for anything interesting discovered in the scan. But the human constructed robots on the surface Kyle wanted to avoid by a wide margin as Kyle wasn't ready to reveal the existence of the 'Adventure' to the rest of humanity yet.

The shuttle had not even entered the Martian atmosphere before the shuttle sensors detected a significant amount of refined metal at a location down below on the surface of the planet. This news was given to Kyle as soon as the sensor reading was confirmed.

"Kyle, our sensors have detected a large quantity of refined metal at one location on the Martian surface," the android Tracy reported. The female android was sitting in the seat next to Kyle.

"Is it one of the robots from Earth?" Kyle asked

"Negative, those have already been excluded from our scans. This is something different and much larger, at least the size of this shuttle if not larger," the android answered.

"Do you know what it is?" Kyle asked.

"Unknown, do you wish to investigate?"

"Yes, please land at that location."

"Acknowledged, we will land at that location."

The shuttle continued to descend toward the surface of Mars for another hour and Kyle ordered the viewing screen turned on as they approached the surface so everyone could see the view outside. The screen showed flat, reddish, wind swept plain with a range of low hills toward which the shuttle seemed to be headed. The metal detected by the sensors seemed to be located somewhere in the hills ahead and they would be able to pinpoint the location once they approached where it was at more closely.

The shuttle swooped down over the low hills, passed over them, and then circled back, this time seeming to pick out one particular hill in the range. The shuttle passed over the hill and then descended for a landing on the plain right next to the hill. The shuttle settled onto the Martian surface and then the flight engines were shut down. Kyle and his party were now on the surface of the planet Mars. Every one of the humans noticed the sudden change in gravity as the shuttle artificial gravity shut down.

Everyone immediately started changing into their pressure suits and Kyle was treated to some nice views of his female companions as they removed their uniforms and put on their pressure suits in preparation for going outside. Kyle soon had less time for looking as he slipped into his own space suit. Once everyone was in their suits the androids spent a few additional minutes checking to make sure each person's suit was put on and functioning correctly. Finally everything was completed and the group was ready to step out onto the surface of Mars.

Everyone moved to the shuttle air lock which was not large enough for everyone to go out at the same time. Kyle put himself at the head of the line and brought two androids with him. The three stepped out onto the surface of Mars, which made Kyle the first human ever to set foot there.

Kyle found himself standing on a dusty plain about three hundred feet from the base of the hill where the shuttle sensors had detected the refined metal. Off in the distance a dust devil swirled across the plain despite the thinness of the atmosphere. Kyle noticed the pressure suit he wearing was quite comfortable and allowed him to move about on the surface of Mars quite easily. At first Kyle found it a bit difficult to walk in the light gravity but after a short time he grew more practiced and confident until soon he could move around easily. As Kyle was prancing around on the surface getting used to the low gravity the rest of the humans and androids followed him out on to the surface.

Everything on the surface had a reddish cast to it, though some were deeper red than others, and some just looked like ordinary stones. Looking up Kyle could see that the sky also had a reddish cast to it instead of the blue that might be expected. Kyle remembered reading somewhere that the color of the sky was due to wind blown dust suspended high in the thin atmosphere. As Kyle walked around on the surface he noticed small drifts of fine red dust everywhere some of which burst open in a puff of red when disturbed by his feet.

Finally after everyone had an opportunity to walk and jump around for a few minutes (and in a few cases falling) Kyle brought the attention back to the reason why they had landed at this location. The refined metal, which must be artificial by its nature, remained to be found somewhere in the hill before them three hundred feet away. There wasn't anything obviously visible, whatever it was it was, it was probably buried somewhere in the hill. Since they were now very close to that location it should be easy to localize it further.

"Tracy, can you pinpoint the location of what we are looking for?" Kyle asked using his suits built in communicator.

"Yes Kyle, the metal is buried in the hillside right in front of us," the android girl answered.

Kyle looked at the low hill in front of the group, paying attention to it for the first time. He noticed there was one portion of the hill where there seemed to have been a landslide sometime in the past. That seemed to Kyle to be the most likely place where something could be buried,

"What about the landslip right in front of us?" Kyle asked.

"Good guess Kyle, that is the location our sensors indicate," Tracy answered.

"Get out the digging stuff then and see if we can uncover it," Kyle ordered.

The androids opened the large cargo door toward the rear of the shuttle and started pulling out shovels of various types and sizes. One android even emerged driving a small tractor that looked somewhat similar to a small Bobcat skip-loader. The robots quickly moved to the side of the hill and began to dig into the landslide. Working rapidly it wasn't long before the androids exposed a wall of shiny metal.

Working with the tireless energy of the machines they were the androids rapidly cleared away the Martian soil which covered the buried object. Soon the object was revealed to be the mostly intact remains of a shuttle somewhat similar to the one which had brought the expedition to the planet surface. However this shuttle had been made by some other race than those who had constructed the 'Adventure'. It remained to be seen what the origins of the crashed shuttle were.

After working for about half an hour the androids uncovered an entrance door on the side of the shuttle which would allow them to attempt entering the shuttled. Kyle ordered the androids to attempt to open the door to the crashed shuttle and they quickly discovered some faint remains of power remained on within the ship. This allowed the androids to attempt to open the door using the controls provided for that purpose instead of cutting their way through the hull. After another ten minutes of the androids working on the door controls the door slid open, revealing the weakly lit interior of the shuttle.

With the door open several of the androids went inside to check out the interior and assure that it would be safe for the humans to enter the crashed ship. After checking the interior for a couple of minutes the androids who had gone inside signaled that it was secure and safe for the humans to enter. Kyle climbed up to the open door of the strange ship, walking carefully in the loose soil and avoiding several of the rocks which remained strewn about in the dugout area. Kyle climbed up to the open door of the ship and looked inside.