 The Alien Report 019 Clearing the Path

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zed of the SS Venus, Star Date 6010, and New Order report number 012. 

One has to protect one's self no matter what so as soon as the two cops left, I told Conan, "I want you to follow those two cops. There is a lonely stretch of road near the highway entrance. I want you to force them off the road there and take them. I want their car wrecked so that people, mainly the Leadville cops, will think they were careless and had an accident. Then bring them here, put them in the basement and handcuff them to a couple of chairs. When you have finished, come get me. Is that understood?"

Both Bruno and Conan nodded their heads, turned and went out the door. 

Within the hour, Bruno was back. "The cops are down stairs, Conan is with them," he said, "and we made sure their car look as if they had run off the road into a tree. We also burned the car to destroy any evidence that we were there."

"Good," I said. I turned and went down to the basement. There they were just as Conan had said.

When the brunette, Molly Murphy, she saw me growled, "What the fuck do you think you're doing? I'm Police Officer you can't just kidnap us."

"It looks as if I did just that, now doesn't it," 
I replied? "Now I want to know what information you have on the three women you know Louise, Shankar and Samantha."

"We are not telling you a fucking thing you bastard," Molly yelled at me."

"That is too bad you're taking that attitude. Now I will have to do things the hard way," I quietly replied.

I walked over to the cute blond, Mary Charles and ripped off her clothes. I looked down at the naked woman and said, "My, my you are a fucking sexy thing."

I went over to Molly and stripped her as well. Both women just sat there for a second without saying a word.

Molly then turned to Mary saying, "Don't worry Mary, the office will soon know that we're missing and will send help. They also know we were coming here." Then turning to me she said, "You will pay for this believe me, you will pay."

"Really," I said. I walked over to her and placed a collar tight around her neck. Looked at my handy work and smiled. I turned and walked over to Mary and placed second collar around her neck as well.

"Now your little Bitches," I growled, "you will answer my questions or suffer the consequences."

Mary said, "Fuck you."

"If that's the way you want it, that's the way it will be." Turning to Bruno I said, "We will start with Molly, go and get the special bench put it in front of Mary. I want her to get a good view of what is going to happen to her."

Once the bench in placed, I grabbed Molly, dragged her over to the bench and pushed her down on it. I removed her handcuffs and cuffed her to the rungs. Looking at both women I said, "Louise taught me a lot about using this little tool. 

Since then I have added some things, for instance the paddle has some unique characteristics. One it has metal caps in the blade that will cause extreme pain to the ass when struck. The more force the more pain so to speak." Turning to 

Conan I said, "You may do the honors."  

Conan walked over grabbed the paddle, walked behind Molly, picked up the paddle and swung the paddle with full force striking Molly's ass cheeks with a resounding splat. Molly let out a very loud scream. 

"That is one," I said, "do you want more?"

"Fuck you," gasped Molly.

As Mary watched, the blows rained down on Molly's ass one after another. Soon Molly was on the verge of passing out. 

"Well now will you answer my question" I asked again.

Molly moaned, "Fuck you."

"Stop," I said, 'it is time to switch.

Conan dragged Molly off the bench, handcuffed her and sat her down on her chair. He grabbed Mary took her over to the bench and cuffed her to it.

"Now Mary you have seen what the paddle can do so will you answer my question." I asked in a quiet voice, "What do you have on Louise, Shankar and Samantha?"


"Fuck you, she said, but not as defiant as Molly.

As Conan brought the paddle down on Mary ass, she began to scream louder and louder. After each series of five strikes, I would ask her the same question and get the same answer. When she was about to pass out I told Conan that it was time to switch. 

This time when Molly was put back on the bench and Conan began to swing the paddle, she screamed, "Please no more I will tell you everything."

"Good," I said, "go ahead."

Molly began to sob, "Mary and I were doing this investigation on our own. Chief Taggard said that we were shorthanded and did not have time for what he called nonsense. Mary and I knew that there was a lot more to the three women showing up pregnant and suffering for a loss of memory. So we decided to do this on our own time thinking that if we broke this case we could get promoted."

"I see," I said. "did you keep any notes?"

"Yes," Molly moaned, "they were in the car."

Molly just leaned beaten on the bench for support.
I walked over to the wall and pointed out to the two women the attached rings. "Ladies," I began, "these are very special rings. There are attached wires that when hooked up to the collars on your neck will literally wipe your memory clean. Yes Ladies, I used the same technology to remove the memories of Louise, Shankar and Samantha after I impregnated them. But while I'm removing you memories I want you to have some pleasure; so, Bruno and Conan will fuck you both while your memories are being wiped from your brain. You know sort of have the last bit of pleasure that you will remember." 

Turning to Conan I said, "Chain them"

I first went over to Molly and hooked up the wire to her collar. As I did she growled, "Fuck you."
I just laughed, went over to Mary and hooked the wire to her collar. As I did so I could see that she was weeping. I turned and threw the switch that began the mind-wiping program and nodded to Bruno and Conan.

Conan ripped off his clothes went over to Molly and rammed his hard cock into Molly's cunt. She moaned as the mine-wiping program was also stimulating her sex drive. I turned around and saw Bruno fucking the shit out of Mary. Soon there was nothing but the sound of four humans rutting in heat.

Once the program had run its course and the two men had finished, the women just hung in their respective chains with cum dripping down their legs. I unchained them and took them naked outside to my car. I drove straight to Leadville and, I stopped at the same alley that I had dropped off the previous women. I open the car door and gave them their instructions. The two naked women got out of the car and waked over toward the diner just like the other three had done before. I laughed to myself and drove home.

The next morning I picked up the newspaper and I just laughed. Both Molly and Mary had made the headlines which read "Police Officer arrested for indecent exposure." 

They had followed my instruction to the letter. They had walked naked into the diner and went into the kitchen area. There Mary bent over the counter and Molly mouthed her with a dildo. As soon as the dildo was in position, Molly began fucking Mary in front of the diner's customers. Someone called 911 and the police came. The cops recognized both Mary and Molly at once so it did not take long for the news to get out. When questioned, both women claimed to have lost their memories. The police had no choice but to send them to the local mental hospital, so much for their investigation into my activities.

Report 020 A New Business Partner

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zed of the SS Venus, Star Date 6015, and New Order report number 013. 

With the loss of both Louise and Shankar, I was alone in this hostile environment called earth.  As I walked around the empty basement, I realized that I really did need some help. Then it hit me, of course Reginald Deveron. He wanted me go into business with him. All I had to do was supply him with women, women who were not too old and not too young. 

The questions was where was I going to get such women and the answer was the employment agency. Those women were ready for the picking. I just had to be careful on how I plucked them.  

According to Samantha, she used intimidation and fear to do the job. I on the other hand no longer have an organization to do that. I need to come up with other ways. I revelation hit me, that woman, Mrs. Randy and her daughter,  I was playing smart when I bought their house and gave them ten grand. Now I can use that to get both her and her daughter. I smiled to myself, as I went upstairs to call Ms. Randy to set up a meeting. I do have great ideas.

When I arrived at the Agency, I found both Mrs. Mandy Randy and her Daughter Kathy waiting for me.

"Well Ladies," I began, "I have good news for you. Mandy, may I call you Mandy"?
Mandy nodded her head.

"Like I said Mandy," I continued, "I have found you a position for you. It is twice the money you were making, but the down side is that you will have to move."

"What is the job Mr. Zod, "Mandy asked?

I explained, "It is a management position in a small firm called SEASUN INC. They are looking for someone that has your talents. In addition the company has benefits, you know 401Ks, health and so on. In addition, they are willing to help with college tuition for Kathy."

"I have so much to move," Mandy said.

I laughed, "I have some men that will help you do all the moving. Look, if you take this job it will be a feather in my cap for recruiting you."

Kathy sat there with a stunned look on her face and them said,

"Mom!"

Mandy stood up and looked at her daughter.

"I will have to leave all my friends," Kathy complained.

"Honey," Mandy said, "you would be leaving them anyway when you start college. It just means that you will be leaving them now instead of later."

Kathy stared at her Mother took a deep breath and said, "If this company is going to pay for my tuition can I go to the college of my first choice."

"I don't see why not," Mandy answered her Daughter. She turned around and sat down. "When do we have to leave," Mandy asked.

"Well," I said, "the sooner the better. They said they need you yesterday."

"You said that you would send people over to help me pack right," she asked.

I answered, "Yes I will that is no problem and at the same time I will send all the paper work that the company wants you have to fill out. "How does that sound?"

"Sounds good," she said quietly, "So I guess tomorrow we will get the show on the road. Since you already own the hours all I need is my furniture and clothes."

I smiled and said, "I will send over my most trusted men Conan and Bruno to help you move. Once they have you packed then I will meet with you before you go. Don't worry everything will be taken care of."

Mandy looked up at me and said, "I don't know how I can thank you enough."

"Don't worry," I replied, "you will find a way."

Both Mother and Daughter got up said their good-byes and let.
Once they were out the door, I made a phone call and arranged a meeting with Reginald Deveron at the house.

When I walked in he was there waiting for me. "I was glad to hear from you," he said.

I replied, "Let's get to the point shall we. I have a Mother and Daughter combination will be here tomorrow afternoon. They will be drugged to the point where they will do anything I say. You may watch them and observe, but you cannot touch until you own them is that understood? I don't want you to fuck them and then later say that you don't want them for whatever reason. If you don't want then I will look for another buyer. Oh, and the price by the way is $300,000 for the young one and $200,000 for the mother."

According to Bruno the next day when they arrived at Mandy's and Kathy's house the two were talking about college and did not notice them when they walked in.  When Bruno interrupted them and said, "We are here to pick up a package."

Then he pulled out his gun. Both women were stunned for a second, but Kathy jumped up and stared to attack Bruno. However before she could touch him, he hit her right in the stomach with his fists dropping right to the ground. The two men dragged the helpless women to two chairs and handcuffed them.

Mandy cried, "What's going on?"

Bruno said just what I told him to say, "You both are going to a new job ok, one that has great benefits and plenty of work. Both of you are going into the sex trade."

"Mom what does he mean," Kathy cried.

"I don't know," Mandy said. Turning to Bruno she said, "You can't do this it's against the law." 
B
runo laughed, Law what law. You have an appointment with you new owner this afternoon and I have to get you prepared."

Before either could react, Bruno stuck a needle into Mandy's arm while Conan stuck one in Kathy's arm. Both women closed their eyes and passed out.
That afternoon Reginald arrived on time and was waiting for me in my office. "Well," he said, "I am waiting to see what tidbits you have for me."

"Go down to the basement and pull up a chair in front of the stage and I will be there in a few minutes with the prize," I answered.

Reginald no sooner sat down when I brought the two women on stage. They stood there with their hands behind their back waiting from my orders.

"Dance and strip for the man," I commanded.

They began to the beat of the music I had pumped in to the room. In a few minutes, they were down to only their stocking and heels.

"Stop," I commanded. 

They did as they were told. I handed Mandy a dildo attached to a pair of panties and said, "Put this on."
Without hesitation, she put it on.

"Kathy turn around and put your ass against the dildo," I said

Like her Mother, Kathy did as she was told.

"Mandy mount Kathy and fuck her like the mare she is," I directed.

Mandy bent Kathy over, insured her dildo into Kathy's cunt and shoved Kathy down on all fours. As soon as Kathy was down, Mandy began to ram her dildo in and out of Kathy like a piston. It did not take long before Kathy began to pant and moan as the juices flowed down her legs to the floor. Mandy too as lost in the pleasure of moment as the double dildo was also moving in and out of her cunt as well. 

I let this continue until I could see Reginald begin to squirm in his seat. "Enough," I said. "Get up and get dressed," I ordered the two women.

The immediately stopped what they were doing, grabbed their clothes and dressed. Once they were clothed, I lead them upstairs followed by a very excited Reginald.

Once upstairs he grabbed my arm and said, "What a performance. They are worth every bit of you asking price. I will ensure that your money will be deposited in any account that you name."

I smiled gave him the account number. "So you liked the performance, that's good. I will have to think of something else next time to top it."

He laughed and turned to his new acquisitions and said, "You Ladies will be quite an addition to my stable. I will have long lines waiting to fuck both of you." Then he turned and led the two docile women out the door.

They had no sooner left; when I heard the computer beep, saying I had mail. This was a first I not received anything or rather Samantha had not received anything.  I opened the email and read it.

"My Darling Samantha, I do miss you and your sexy body. It has been so long since you had been out to the school. I was wondering if you still cared for me. I know you miss your husband, but I thought I filled some of the gap. Anyway, you did say that if ever I needed anything all I had to do was to call. Well Honey I'm calling. The prep school has run into real tough times. Most of the students were pulled because of the recession and I'm left with the four regulars. You remember the four regulars, don't you? They were the sexiest of the bunch and they did know how to have fun. Well Honey I do really need a loan and a big one. I hope you can help me. Oh by the way, I am enclosing a copy of the picture we had taken of the five of us.
Love Deidra"

I opened the picture and could not help but smile. They were indeed the sexiest looking students. I sent Deidra reply.

"Dearest Love,
Of course, I will help you. Come to the Hideaway and I will have checkbook in hand.
Love Samantha"

It just keeps getting better and better.