 Report 011 Tiding Up

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zed of the SS Venus, Star Date 5969 Subject: A New Order 003. 

As I stated in my last report I met with Louise and a real beauty named Shankar to establish my new identity as the part owner of Samantha's properties. Everything worked according to plan. Under the pretense of going out and looking for Samantha, I had returned to the ship to check on the status of my breeding mare. 

When I arrived, I immediately went to check up on Samantha; and, found her as I left her, wires hooked up, the feeding tube along with the body waste tubes all in place. I smiled when I saw her; yes, she was pregnant and ready to deliver. Apparently being in stasis enhanced the growth of the offspring. I quickly began the program to bring her out of stasis. Soon she began to moan and regain conscious. I removed the feeding tube first, then the waste tubes, followed by the wires. Next, I unchained her. She staggered on her feet trying to control of her legs.

Once Samantha legs became study, enough to hold her, she just stood there expressionless showing her big belly. I smiled and said aloud, "This would be the first of many of our race to be born on this planet.

I turned her to face me and asked her, "Who are you?"

She replied in a monotone, "I don't know."

I smiled, "Your name is Fuck Toy and you hate wearing clothes."

She said again, in a monotone, "My name is Fuck Toy and I hate wearing clothes"

I took her by the arm and led her naked out to the car, and put her in the passenger side. Once she was securely buckled, I got into the driver's side, bucked up myself up, and started the engine. I put the car in gear and we drove to a town 50 miles away called Leadville. 

By the time we arrived, it was late at night. I parked in an alley where no one could see me. I got out of the car, walked over to the passenger side opened the door and unbuckled her seatbelt. "Get out," I ordered. She did as she was told. "I pointed to a building across the street and said, "Go in there;" the building was an all night dinner. Samantha got out of the car and started walking toward the building. I got back in the car and drove off heading to the Shady Hideaway without even looking back.

When I got back both Louise and Shankar were waiting for me. Louise asked softly, "Well did you find anything?"

"No," I replied, "look I'm tired. It has been a long day. Maybe by tomorrow we will hear something. I have to go and find a place to stay."

"Nonsense," Shankar said. "Go up to the third floor. There is a bed there you can use."

"Ok," I replied, "I am tired.

When I got up to the third floor, I was in a state of shock. I had never seen anything like this is my life. The walls were covered with pictures of naked women being fucked in every conceivable position possible. I just stood there for a second. Then I began to look around.

A voice behind me said, "What do you think?"

I turned and saw Shankar. "I'm speechless," Was all I can manage to say.

Before I could react, Shankar reached down unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. "My god it's green," she gasped.

I took a deep breath, "A family curse I'm afraid. All the males in my family suffer from this birth defect. We are normal in every respect but this."

She stared at it for a few seconds. "It feels normal," she whispered.

As she caressed my cock, I could feel it begin to harden. She just kneeled there looking at it and caressing the tip with her thumbnail. The sensation was sending shivers up my spine. She bent her head down and placed the tip of my cock in between her teeth. First, she caressed the very tip with her tongue at the same time stroking the underside of the bulbous head with her thumbnail. My dick began to grow ever larger and I could feel the blood pulsating down its length.

All of a sudden she stopped. "It may be green, but it tastes like a cock, it acts like a cock therefore, it is a cock, a very nice large cock."

She bent her head back down, took the throbbing shaft into her mouth and gently slid her lips all the way down until there was nothing left. I could feel her throat around the head gently squeezing. She just kept squeezing until my cock began to spew its load of sperm into her mouth. I let myself release it because I knew that it would be harmless inside her stomach. It felt so good to let everything fly. Her throat constructed round my throbbing shaft as she swallowed the entire volume that was flowing from my balls.

After I was finished, she got up and said in a sultry voice, "Strip, I want to feel all of your body against mine."

When we were naked, she led me by the hand over to the bed and we climbed in. She put her arms around me saying "Kiss me please kiss me."

What could I do by comply. After our lips parted, I grabbed her, rolled her over and mounted her shoving my now hard cock into her waiting wet cunt. Once in I began to ram my shaft in and out of her like a piston.

She began to moan, "My god you're bigger that I thought. It feels so good don't stop, please don't stop. I god I'm going to cum." In seconds she was screaming, I'm Cumming."

I could feel the juices flow from her pussy down my shaft splashing on my legs. I just kept on ramming in and out of her. Finally, she collapsed in a heap totally used.

She crawled slowly back up to the head of the bed and took me in her arms. "I never had that happen before," she whispered in my ear. "I don't usually cum that quickly, but then again, I never had anyone with a big cock like yours fuck me either."

Then I heard a voice, "Emanuel, Shankar, they found Samantha, she is in the Leadville hospital. They told me she just delivered six babies, three boys and three girls."

Shankar exclaimed, "When did she get pregnant. We just saw her a month ago and she was not pregnant then. The she looked at me, "You saw her last was she pregnant?"

"Yes," I replied telling the truth, "She was pregnant." Now putting forth my best lie, "That is why she was willing to let me buy into her company. She said that she would be busy with the babies on the way."

Louise asked in a subdued tone, "Who is the father?"

"That I don't know," I replied hoping I sounded convincing, "and I didn't ask, it was none of my business."

"There is more," Louise said, "she has no memory and she has aged horribly. She also keeps referring to herself as Fuck Toy and she refuses to wear clothes."

I turned to Shankar, "We need to get dressed and go to her now."

Shankar nodded her head.

To both I said, "I'll drive, just tell me the way."

As we headed out to the car, all I could do was smile, "Yes," I thought to myself, "things were going according to my plan. It sure is wonderful when it all comes together."

Report 012 A New Order of Things

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zed of the SS Venus, Star Date 5972 Subject: A New Order 004. 

As I last reported, the three of us left for the Leadville Hospital. I pulled into the parking lot and I no sooner stopped the when both Louise and Shankar threw open the door, scrambled out of the car and ran through the parking lot toward the main corridor of the hospital. Shankar stopped the first Nurse she saw and asked, "We are looking for Samantha Swallow.

The Nurse answered, "You had better speak with Stella Sanderson. She is the Nurse in charge of the night nursing staff. She is the cute blond woman over there." She pointed across the room.

I quickly went over to her. "Nurse Sanderson, My name is Emanuel Zod and I understand that you have admitted my business partner Samantha Swallow."

"You should talk to Doctor Mathews, the pretty blond Nurse answered. He is in charge of that case. He is the brown haired man behind me."

I went right to the man she pointed out and said, "Doctor Mathews I am Emanuel Zod and I understand that you are the Doctor in charge of my business partner Samantha Swallow's case.

The Doctor looked grave, "Yes I am," he said softly. "She is very ill." I need to talk to her husband."

"Doctor she has no husband," I told him. "I am her business partner."

He looked me directly in the eyes and asked, "Are you the Father of her children?"

"No," I lied. "We don't know who the Father is."

"Oh," He said, "Then I guess I had better talk to you. She is very bad. When she came in here, she looked to be a pregnant woman between the ages of twenty-five to thirty. At that time when admitted, she seemed to be also suffering from an extreme case of amnesia. We checked with the local police and found that someone fitting her description was missing. We checked her fingerprints and were able to identify her as Ms. Swallow. We no sooner identified her than she went into labor. Everything seemed to be fine until the very last baby was born. At that point her body seemed to age and she went from about thirty to ninety in a matter of an hour." 

He paused for a second took a deep breath and continued, "We did at complete MRI and found that her body, for no known reason had aged. In addition, we found that the synapses in the memory part of her brain were completely destroyed."

Pretending shock I asked, "You mean she doesn't know who she is?"

"No," the Doctor replied, "she refers to herself as Fuck Toy and she also refuses to wear clothes. We are at a loss as to what to do. I strongly suggest you leave her here. We can make her comfortable and as to the babies, they are fine. All six are healthy and strong. What do you think we should do with them?"

"I don't know," I answered him truthfully, "I really don't know? I guess you have to wait to see if she comes out of this. If she doesn't, I guess you will have to put them up for adoption. Can we see her now?"

"Yes of course, "the Doctor answered. "She is in room 107."

"Thank you," I replied and got Louise and Shankar.

We got to room 107 we saw an old woman lying naked on the bed. Both Louise and Shankar let out a gasp when they saw her. 

"Oh my god," Louise exclaimed, "What happened to her?"

"I don't know," I lied, "Doctor Mathews said this happened right after she delivered the last baby."

Shankar went over to her and asked, "How are you feeling Samantha?

In a shaky raspy voice Samantha said, "My name is Fuck Toy and who the hell are you?"

Shankar put her hands on her hips and said, "I am Shankar, this is Louise and this is your new business partner Emanuel Zod."

Samantha looked at Shankar, "Get the fuck out of here I don't want to talk to you people."

The three of us looked at each other and walked out of the room. As we were walking down the hall I ran into Nurse Sanderson. I stopped her and said, "Concerning the Samantha Swallow case, please send me all the bills and I will cover them. In addition, could you please make her as comfortable as possible and keep us informed. I guess we are her only family."

Nurse Sanderson replied, "Of course Mr. Zod. The Doctor said that you were to be kept informed of any progress in Ms. Swallow's case." 

The three of us turned and walked out of the hospital. No one said a word all the way to the car and during the drive back to the Shady Hideaway. We no sooner walked into the office than the phone started to ring. Louise answered, "Hello," she said, "Yes this is she." She let out a sigh and in a quite subdued voice said, "I see, yes go ahead and cremate her. That is what she would have wanted and yes put the babies up for adoption. Thank you for telling us." Still staring at the phone she said, Samantha died just after we left. Her heart gave out from old age."

She turned and faced me. I just said, "I'm tired and I'm going to bed it has been a long day." Then I headed up the stairs thinking, "It is great when a plan comes together. Now there are six invaders waiting to be adopted and soon there will be more."

I had no sooner got up stairs, when Louise walked in behind me. "Emanuel," she said in a husky voice, "I need you to come down to the basement with me. I want to show you something."

"Look Louise," I said, "it is late and I need some sleep."

Before I could react, Louise stripped off her clothes and putting her hands on her hips said, "I need you to strip and follow me down to the basement."

What was I to do but comply with this lovely invitation?

As soon as I walked into the basement, I could not believe my eyes. The room had pictures just like the room I was sleeping except that it also had a stage, tables and a bar.

I turned to Louise, "What is this room used for." 

"This is our display room," Louise began, "The room that you're sleeping in is the training room. That room is where Samantha and her husband would bring the new girls and break them in. You saw the bench and the chains hanging from the ceiling. I know that she probably told you her family had been in the whorehouse business for three generations; and, that her Grandmother started this business because she wanted quality whores not whores that dealt in quantity. That's what she told everyone, but she lied. "

I looked around the room the pictures seemed to express a theme the same theme as the room upstairs.

Louise continued, "She traded in women from all over the world. Shankar was bought from her stepfather in Bangladesh and I was brought here because I owed a great deal of money to a loan shark. It was either this or be sold as to some whorehouse on the docks. This one at least boasted of a good clientele. After a while, it becomes a way of life." 

She took another breath, "Samantha and her husband would take the new girls upstairs. First, they would either chain the girls to the bench and use a paddle, or chain them to the wall or ceiling and use the whip on them until they would submit. Then both her and her husband would take turns using them. When they were satisfied that the girls were ready for the customers, they would hold special little party down here for their business associates. The associates would get to use the girls first. After the special party, the girls would be put on the stage for display so the ordinary customers could pick the one they wanted to enjoy. The customers could do anything to the girls they wanted if the price was right." 

Louise stopped for a second then continued, "When the money stopped coming in, Samantha had to sell most of the girls; but, she kept Shankar and I on for any stray customers that would drop by. When we found out that Samantha had found a benefactor, we knew that it would soon be business as usual. Samantha told me to let her contacts know that she was in business again and to start looking for a new batch of women to restock her stable."

Louise again stopped and just stared at me for a second then started again, "With you now in charge and Samantha out of the picture, you will need someone who knows Samantha's contacts and how her business works. Shankar and I have talked it over and we want to stay with you and help you run this operation. To tell you the truth we have no place to go. We will do whatever you say no matter what it is. We were Samantha's slaves and we are now yours. What do you say?"

I laughed to myself, "Instead of having just two new mothers on this planet for producing our race, I will have an infinite number of women to choose from." I smiled at my new slave and nodded my head.