 Report 013 The Benefits of the New Order

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zed of the SS Venus, Star Date 5974. A New Order report number 005. 

As I stated in my last report, Louise declared that she and Shankar wanted to by my slave and sever me in whatever capacity I desired. Therefore, I set out to make them prove their willingness to my bidding.

I looked across the room at the bench, "How does that work?"

"Come I will show you, Louise said.

She bent over the bench and said, See you bend over like this then someone like you gets that paddle and you hit me with it on the ass."

I took the paddle and swung with all my strength hitting her on the ass as hard as I could. "Count Slave, count each and every strike."

She began to scream, "One, two three. Oh my god Master, please no more."

"That is not what I want to hear," I said, just as the paddle hit her rear. I want to hear thank you Master hit me again."

"Five, Master thank you and please hit me again," she cried. "Six, Master thank you and please hit me again," she sobbed.

I stepped away from her and watched as she hung on to the bench, her body trembling. "Get up and come over her," I ordered my new slave, "it is time I let you have the privilege of sucking my cock."

She did exactly as she was told. She stared at my throbbing green cock her sparkling blue eyes got as big as saucers. "I will try to do my best, but Shankar is the real expert at this," she said softly.

She put her lips around the head and gently stroked the tip with her lips sending sensations of pure pleasure up and down my entire body.
Finally, she took the entire cock into her mouth, down her throat. Slowly she began to suck as she moved her mouth up and down the entire length of the shaft. I could not control myself and released a river of cum into those waiting red lips. She swallowed everything without losing a drop smiled up at me and got to her feet, turned her back to me shoving her ass against my prick. Using just her ass cheeks she started to squeeze on my limp tool until it started to get hard.

She bent over grabbed my stiff cock with her hands, guided into her wet cunt and shoved her ass cheeks against my groin. Once she had it embedded in her, she began to squeeze her ass cheeks together around the throbbing shaft. She did not move just stood bend over squeezing and releasing sending wondrous feelings of pleasure up my spine into my brain. I had to concentrate very hard not to release my sperm into that wonderful cunt of hers. All of a sudden, she groaned and her canal began to spasm as her fluid flowed down our legs on to the stage. Her body just shook as the river of her cum just poured out of her.

I grabbed her hips and rammed by cock into her has fast and as hard as I could. She began to cry, "Oh my god I keep cumming, I can't stop. It feels so good."

Once she finished, she straightened up turned around and caressed my cheek. "You are going to be some master. Now we have to go back up stairs. Shankar is waiting for us."

When we got upstairs, Shankar asked Louise, "Did you ask him about us?"

Louise said, "No, not yet." Turning toward me Louise said, "Emanuel we have to talk let's sit for a moment."

Louise looking at Shankar as gaining strength from her, began, "Emanuel the way we worked it here since Samantha went to her home in the desert is that I ran the girls, when we had them, and Shankar was in charge of the Employment Agency.  The employment agency was a front for identifying women who could be coerced into joining us here or those that would taken by force and then be sold on the slave market. Samantha would put the women identified a possible candidates in positions of trust then frame them for a breach of that trust. Once the so-called breach of trust was identified, she would offer them a quote a way out unquote. If they refused, she would have them kidnapped and sold; but, not before, she would treat them to a stent in this room with her special customers."
I thought to myself, "What more could I ask for a perfect setup for my plans."

Then Shankar spoke, "Master there is one thing we would like permission from you to continue?"

"And what is that," I asked.

"If Louise and I could remain lovers when you are not using either of us," she replied quietly.

"Lovers," I said, "how is that? You don't have the equipment for that."

Both women gasped, "You are naïve, aren't you? I guess we should enlighten you. Just sit there and enjoy the show."

As I watched, Shankar put on a pair of panties with an appendage sticking out and stood behind Louise. Louise slowly backed into it. As soon as the appendage was buried into Louise's cunt, Shankar began to ram it in and out of her like a piston at high speed.  It did not take long for Louise's cunt to begin to spew juices out onto Shankar's legs and down on the floor. Shortly, Shankar pushed Louise down on the floor and at the same time removed her own panties. 

Once Louise was on the floor, Shankar turned her over, crawled between her legs and began to lick Louise's wet cunt. Louise began to moan and kick her legs up and down. I could not resist any loner and mounted Shankar from the rear. I shoved my hard dick into her ass as hard as I could. In seconds, both women were moaning and groaning. I could feel Shankar's anal cavity pulsating around hard dick. This is something amazing. I need to get these two to show me more. Louise let out a loud gasp and she gave one huge jerk. She fell back on the carpet. 

Shankar moaned, "My turn and rolled over pushing me on my back with me still inside of her. She sat up letting my dick slide out of her ass, turned around, grabbed it and shoved it into her wet cunt. She smiled leaned forward and whispered, "Like I said, my turn."

Then she straightened up and slowly raised her hips up squeezing my cock with her thighs as she did so. When the lips of her cunt reached the tip of my prick, she slowly slid down the wet pole. I could see Louise sitting there watching the entire show that we were putting on. Shankar kept this maddening pace and I was about to lose control when she groaned and the walls of her cunt began to vibrate. Cum began to flow from her like a river, her body gave a shudder and she collapsed on top of me. 

I thought to myself, "This is getting harder and harder not to cum into these slaves, but I need them as they are, not as future mothers my race. They will supply those to me in time." Aloud I said, "Yes you may remain as lovers as long as you serve me like this." Then I crawled into bed tomorrow is another day.

Report 014 An Education in Business

To Headquarters Science Exploration, Alpha Centauri; From Mission Commander Zed of the SS Venus, Star Date 5976, New Order report number 007. 

After the evening events with Louise and Shankar, I was introduced to the other part of Samantha's business organization, the Swallow Employment Agency.

When I got up the next morning, I went down to the office and found both Louise and Shankar waiting for me. Louise was dressed just as she was when I first met her; Shankar however, was dressed in a very sexy business-like suit. 

Louise said, "Today Shankar is going to take you to the Swallow Employment Agency and introduce you around. The agency is set up to appear as a regular employment agency dedicated to the employment of women and only women. The truth, however, is another matter. Samantha and her husband set up the agency to identify those women they could exploit. You know the ones that have their back to the wall and would do anything to get out of their situation." 

I asked, "After a period of time you would think that the women would get wise to your operation?"
"No, Louise answered, "because we do find a number of women good jobs that are not associated with the sex business. When women apply at our agency, they are required to give us a lot of personal information. From that, we are able to get more. Soon we have a complete history on the unsuspecting client. Some of our client's only need a small shove to send them into our clutches and we can and do provide that small shove. Other clients have great resumes and we can easily find them jobs with good companies. Those women help enhance our reputation."

I could not believe me ears. This was a perfect set-up for me I am about to gain access to a huge population of women that I can use for my plans. 
I smiled at Shankar, "Let's go I'll drive."  

As we drove, Shankar gave me directions to the Agency, but I had a hard time concentrating on driving. What I really wanted to do was pull over and have her put those sweet lips around my cock. "Oh well," I thought to myself, "that will have to wait until later." 

When we got into the office, there were a number of people/women waiting for us. Shankar sat behind a desk and call out "Mrs. Randy, you can come in now."

Two women walked in and stat down. One was in her mid-thirties and the other appeared to be in her late teens.

Shankar started by saying, "Mrs. Randy, this is Mr. Zod recently he purchased the Agency and is here to observe how we do business. Now what can I do for you?"

"Ms. Golden," the older blond began, "I just lost my job due to downsizing and I am about to lose my home because of late payments. My ex-husband is behind on child support and he is nowhere to be found. I just don't know where to turn." 

I just barely heard what the woman was saying all I could do was stare at the younger one's tits and think of the fun I could have with her. Then I looked at the older one and realized she wasn't too bad either. My mind was racing a mile a minute thinking of the fun these two would provide.

Shankar sat for a moment and then said, "I can probably help you find a job, but the house is something....."

I interrupted her, "Ms. Golden, I have an idea. Why not have the agency buy Mrs. Randy's home and then let her live there rent-free until she can buy it back of us? I know that is not normal thing for an employment agency to do, but I am looking to get into the real estate business and this could be a start."

Shankar was quick to follow my lead. "What do you think Mrs. Randy?"

The two women looked at each other. "Oh this is my daughter Sandra Mae she is graduating High School this year. Honey what you think"

"Mom," Sandra Mae said, "sounds good to me."

"Good," I said, "Ms. Golden would you get the papers drawn up, also please include an advance of $10,000 for Mrs. Randy." Turning to the older blond-haired woman I said, "Mrs. Randy this should tide you over until we can find you a job."
The women looked at me and smiled, "How can I ever thank you?"

"Don't worry about that As long as we can help," I said aloud. I thought to myself, "Don't worry you two will repay me in other ways," and tried not to laugh.

The two women got up and left. As soon as they were out the door I said, "So you last name is Golden huh?"

Shankar just nodded her head and then, "Are we now in the real estate business?"

I answered, "For those two we are. Did you see the tits on the younger one? I would love to see those two put on a show for me."

Shankar looked at me and nodded her head, "Yes Master if that is what you wish then that is what you will get. I'll see to it."

"Good," I said.

Shankar looked at her computer and then called, "Ms. Anthony, can you please come it."

A very well built redhead came in and sat down. I walked over and sat down next to her.

"Ms. Anthony this is Mr. Zod he is the new owner of the agency," Shankar began. "Now what can we do for you?"

"I am an exotic dance by trade," the redhead began, "the club I was working for closed; since I don't have an agent, I thought I would come here and see if you could help me."

Shankar quickly typed a few words in her computer. "I have a job for someone of your talent at the Club Roscoe. Do you wish me to set up an audition?"

The redhead nodded her head and then asked, "The standard pay?"

Shankar said, "Yes, plus health care?"

"That's better that my last gig, thank you," the redhead said as she got up.

"Good," replied Shankar, "I glad we could help."

When the redhead left Shankar looked at me, "Club Roscoe is one of our clubs. If she is any good the manager will hire her and we will or your will have her too when and if you want her."

I smiled and thought, "Can life get any better?"

Shankar looked at her computer again and called, "Ms. Callie, could you come in please?"
Another blond-headed woman walked in and sat down.
Shankar looked at her and introduced me again. "Ms. Callie according to our records you have a degree in Accounting and a Masters in Business Administration." 

The woman replied, "That's correct." 

Shankar continued, "So what can our agency do for you?"

The woman laughed and said, "I know people look at me and think dumb blond but I have an IQ of 155. In my last job, the guys were a pain in the ass. All they could see was the blond hair not the brains and some of them could not keep their hands to themselves. To be frank with you, I like a good fuck now and then, but I'm not a bimbo. So I want a position where I can use my brains and be promoted based on my abilities not body or having to fuck my way to the top."

Shankar began typing into her computer. "Ms. Callie I have a position for you. I know it is not at the salary you warrant, but it offers incentives that could lead to a partnership. The company is owned by a woman who is just starting out and she needs someone of your ability to take the company forward. I think you would be a perfect fit for one another. Can I arrange an interview?"

The blond looked at Shankar for a few moments. "You know money isn't everything, but a job with a challenge now that is something. Sure, set an interview up for me. Oh by the way, I don't dress for interviews. What you see is what you get."

Shankar smiled, "Ms. Callie, Donna Digger is not into looks, she is into performance. That is why I think you will both hit it off."

The blond smiled got up and walked out the door.
Shankar looked at me, "She is one of the women our reputation is built on. She is smart, beautiful and a real go-getter. Master," she then said in a subdued voice, "I will arrange to get her for you if you want, but to be honest with you, we need her to be left alone so we can continue to increase our reputation."

I smiled at Shankar, "I will follow your lead in this. You seem to know what you're doing."

Shankar beamed at me, "Thank you Master for the confidence. We only have one more for today." Then she called out, "Ms. Fairchild would you please come in?"

In walked a brunette with a set of the biggest sets of tits I had ever seen.

Shankar introduced me to the woman then said, "I have found a job for you as a bouncer at The Roman Duce Bar and Grill. Do you want the job?"

The big brunette smiled, "I would love that job. Thanks Shankar and if you ever get tired of Louise you come and see me. I will give you the ride of your life."

I instantly got a picture of the big brunette pounding away on Shankar's ass with a dildo. I thought, "That would be a sight to see." I looked at Shankar, "A friend of yours?"
Shankar smiled, "Let's say that we enjoyed some time together."

Once we were done, Shankar locked up the office saying, "Now back to the Hideaway."

As I drove back, I began to think, "It is time to change our operation here. I don't need someone operating the Hideaway since I don't plan to use it as a whorehouse; but I do need someone to run the employment agency. Yes, there will be changes when we get back to the office.