 "My children, beware of the ancient graveyard. It appears out of nowhere and claims the lives of many." 

- Old Woman Jacobina

Episode 1: The Grave Digger

Midnight, October 20, 2018, the small countryside town of Charleston, Michigan, USA 

Melanie Arnott was walking home from her workplace Ringwald's Grocery, a small independent grocery. Her shift just ended thirty minutes ago. It was past midnight by the time she was walking to her home which was just five minutes away from Ringwald's. The attractive and blonde thirty-three year old was clad in her beanie, red sweater, jacket and jeans to withstand the autumn coldness of Michigan climate. Her bagpack contained her Ringwald's uniform and some basic necessities like snacks and a thermos. Despite past midnight, the empty country roads were still well lit. 

"I can't wait for payday this Friday. Ringwald's is the best place to work in. Just five minutes away from my apartment, the customers are always nice, the boss is a wonderful man and the pay is good. With the money, I can eat a lot of snacks and binge-watch on Jetflix this coming Halloween night." Melanie thought as she trekked on the lonely country road to her apartment building. 

All of a sudden, strange green mists started to appear all around Melanie. Shapes started to form and solidify surrounding the grocery worker. The shapes solidified into familiar objects to Melanie... tombstones. Ancient and artistically engraved tombstones. 

Melanie found herself in a graveyard. 

"W-what the hell is this!? Why am I in a cemetery!? This is too creepy! I gotta run back!" Melanie thought with fear in her heart. Sweat began to form on her brow.

And so she ran and ran... but wherever she ran to, tombstones were still everywhere. It was like she was perpetually stuck in the graveyard! 

In her panic, Melanie bumped into what looked like a figure of a man. The force of the bump made her fall on her back. The figure lurched towards her. Melanie thought it was one of her neighbors on his way home... but it wasn't. What stood before Melanie was not human. It was a zombie, an undead being with leathery skin and a missing eye. Melanie screamed. The zombie moaned. 

As soon as Melanie screamed, leathery hands erupted from the ground and grabbed Melanie by her limbs. The zombie before her pinned her down to the ground. The zombie, for some reason, was stronger than he looked depite his lankiness. The zombie tore Melanie's jacket apart and then with one pull ripped the sweater off Melanie in one pull. Revealed to the zombie was Melanie's big chest encased in a bra. In one forceful pull, the zombie exposed Melanie's large and heavy breasts. Her nipples quickly hardened due to the coldness of the graveyard. 

"No... please don't eat me..." Melanie cried. 

"Uuuuh... booooobs... must suck..." moaned the zombie. The zombie leaned his face towards one of Melanie's breasts and began to suck. His leathery tongue swirled around Melanie's nipple during the erotic suckling. Melanie got confused despite the terror. 

"W-what the fuck? Aren't zombies supposed to eat their victims? Why is this one sucking on my boobs! God, this is gross! I need to get away!" Melanie thought. She struggled to be free but the sheer strength of the zombie hands kept her in place. The zombie's foreplay on her tit started to arouse Melanie. 

"What the fuck!? I can't be aroused by this!" Melanie mentally protested but a small moan escaped from her lips. The zombie stopped sucking and switched his mouth to the other boob. Melanie gasped and then moaned as her undead molester sucked and tongue-twirled her nipple. 

"Uuuuuh... oh God, it feels so good." Melanie moaned. After several seconds, the zombie stopped sucking and then licked the entirety of Melanie's voluptuous chest. Melanie moaned and her blush became more visible. The coldness didn't bother her anymore because her arousal kept her warm enough. 

With one great pull, the zombie tore Melanie's jeans apart. Her wide, meaty hips were exposed before the undead molester. The zombie ripped Melanie's panty off to reveal her well-trimmed womanhood before it. Melanie whimpered. She wanted to scream but the breastplay turned her on so much. Nothing was left on Melanie's gorgeous body but her sneakers and socks. 

The zombie shifted his body and leaned his face towards Melanie's pussy. With his leathery undead tongue, he licked his prey's vagina. This went on for almost a minute. Driven crazy with lust, Melanie moaned even louder. 

"Aaaaah! Oooooh!" 

"Uuung... must fuuuck..." moaned the zombie in response as he stopped licking Melanie's snatch. He shifted his hips towards Melanie's hips. The naked blonde felt the hardness of the zombie's cock against his ragged trousers. The zombie untied his trousers and revealed his leathery but amazingly preserved undead cock. The zombie plunged his dick into Melanie's pussy in a slow but steady pace. Melanie gasped loudly. At this point, she lost resistance. 

"Uuuuunng... oh God, yesssss... more..." Melanie moaned as the zombie slowly fucked her. 

As if out of nowhere, a huge shovel knocked the zombie off Melanie. The zombie hands that held Melanie burrowed back into the ground thus releasing her. 

"Tsk tsk tsk... George, what have I told you about touching captives without our permission? Off you go now. This one is under my protection." 

The zombie named George moaned in protest but Melanie's rescuer intimidated him by waving his shovel. George backed off and shuffled to a different direction. 

Melanie was too exhausted to see her rescuer but she did see a silhouette of an athletic man with a shovel. The man picked up Melanie and carried her over his shoulders. To her naked body, his skin felt cold like the grave. Melanie blacked out. 

---------- 

Melanie woke up. She was still naked but covered with a very thick and comfy blanket. The grocer realized that her socks and shoes were removed. She was lying on a small but comfortable mattress on top of a stone bed. Melanie saw that she's inside some kind of jail large cell well-lit by a single lightbulb. However, beyond her cell was a strange, inexplicable darkness. Next to her bed was a table with her backpack and her smartphone which was salvaged from her torn-up jeans. Beside the table were two wooden chairs. Next to the other side of her bed was a large wooden wardrobe. In one corner of the room was a heater producing enough heat to keep her warm. Across the table, Melanie spotted a cubicle which oddly looked like a modern-day shower. Hanging near the cubicle was a white robe made of fabric similar to the blanket's. 

Melanie sat up on her bed. Still covered in her blanket, she was terrified. A few minutes later, she heard a door open. She saw the same figure that rescued her. However, when the figure became visible due to the light of her cell, she got a huge fright. Her rescuer had gray skin and ragged trousers. His face looked monstrous with ridges, a lack of nose and rough ridges on his forehead. He had jutting, strong jaws that could break a wooden plank. He had a large shovel tied to his torso. In his hands was a tray with a large pitcher of water, a glass and a decent hot meal of bread and chicken stew. The monstrous being unlocked the cell's door and placed the tray on the table. 

"Eat, drink." The being beckoned. Melanie whinced in fear. "Oh don't give me that. You'll get over your fear soon. You should be grateful for you have become a permanent resident of the great Ancient Graveyard of Gruzghal, ruled by my master the majestic and wise Zarnath, a lich of unsurpassed power. Consider it a blessing. I am Harrash, a half-ghoul and chief grave digger of this graveyard." 

Harrash pulled a chair that was beisde the table. He pulled out a pipe out of his trousers' pocket and lit it with a lighter. The smoke was the same green mist that permeates the graveyard. 

"If it weren't for me, you would've been raped by that zombie before being devoured. You'd become a restless spirit stuck among the tombstones forever and no one wants that. You are better off here in this basement of my home. Now, lets get down to business... stand naked before me." 

Melanie was too frozen with fear to respond or to move. Harrash narrowed his eyes. 

"Stand naked before me or be fed to the zombies." 

Melanie slowly stood up from her bed, leaving the blanket behind. She stood naked in front of the half-ghoul. The half-ghoul whistled in appreciation. Melanie blushed furiously when she became more embarassed than afraid. 

"Very nice. Now turn around around like a top. Slowly." 

Melanie turned around slowly, giving Harrash an eyeful of her assets other than her heavy breasts. The half-ghoul enjoyed seeing her wide birthing hips and her meaty buttocks. As soon as Melanie faces Harrash, the half-ghoul motioned to her with a hand raised to stop. He pointed to the white bathrobe hung near the cubicle. "You see that? From now on, that is your everyday clothing. You can find sandals inside the wardrobe." 

"B-but... that's just a bathrobe..." Melanie whispered. 

"It's not a bathrobe. It's an enchanted robe made from fine and thick wool. It will protect you from the elements and the excessive energy of the graveyard. The wardrobe contains dozens of those in different colors. In the wardrobe, you will find basic necessities like toothbrushes, shampoo, soaps, deoderants and razors. If you need to charge your phone, we got you a new charger and there are two outlets in this cell. One near the bed and the other near the heater." 

"W-what if I need something outside the graveyard?" Melanie whispered. She whinced a little when she realized that she sounded demanding. Harrash chuckled. 

"We have human agents who are working to get all your properties from your former place of residence. We even prepared some money for your last rent. Enough talking now. Go back to bed before we go straight to the rules..." 

Harrash extinguished his pipe with his bare hands. Melanie sat on her bed and covered up with her blanket. 

"One, don't even try escaping from the graveyard. It is futile. You are here forever and the zombies will catch you and eat you. Two, you must remain in this house at all times unless called for. You will be escorted by one of my brothers. Three, you will be provided meals everyday. Please eat them as much as you can. The ghosts in the kitchen work so hard to prepare the best food possible for mortal human consumption. Four, respect the high-ranking officers of this graveyard. I am the chief grave digger but we also have a chief coffin maker, chief caretaker and chief administrator. We are all equal in rank and power but the highest rank here is Lord of Gruzghal which is held by our lord and master Zarnath. His word is law. Lastly is four... and this is the most important... you must participate in our group rituals at all times. The punishment for breaking that law is worse than death."

Harrash stands up. His face had a rather pleasant expression.

"For ten days, you must eat and relax in this cell. On the eleventh day at midnight on All Hallow's Eve, we will do a ritual. This ritual will grant you eternal life and youth. It will also grant you freedom from disease and make you more beautiful."  

Harrash's face suddenly became fierce. 

"However, reject the ritual at your own peril. I personally asked Lord Zarnath to do this ritual. If you make me lose face, I will personally throw you to the zombies." 

Melanie shivered in fear. Yet, deep inside, she was turned on by Harrash's dominating personality. 

"For now, eat and relax. You will need it." Harrash commanded before turning towards the cell's door. 

--- 

First day. 

Melanie Arnott wore the white robe that was hung and the sandals that were in the wardrobe that morning. The chief grave digger Harrash unlocked the cell door, looked at Melanie and nodded in approval. The thick and simple garment didn't hide her curves very well much to the delight of Harrash. He placed the tray of food and water on the table. That meal was steak with vegetables and a baked potato. Before Harrash turned to leave, Melanie asked him. 

"Harrash, you said that you are a half-ghoul. What's a half-ghoul? I hope I'm not wasting your time but I'm very curious." 

"We are the result of a union between ghouls and humans. Back in ancient times, the ghouls were monstrous beings who would eat the flesh of the dead. They also kill mortals to devour their flesh. When my lord and master Zarnath conquered this graveyard, he tamed the ghouls and forced them to breed with human slaves. With his magic, Master Zarnath ensured that the perfect blend of ghouls and humans manifest. A ghoulish creature with the strengths of the ghoul but none of the insatiable craving for mortal flesh. My brothers and I are third generation half-ghouls. Our parents were a half-ghoul and a mortal woman." 

Harrash placed his hand on Melanie's belly. 

"Soon, you will give birth to a new generation of half-ghouls. They will be the strongest in Gruzghal. Such is a blessing of Master Zarnath." 

Melanie blushed and inched away from Harrash's touch. Harrash simply chuckled. 

"You will enjoy it soon, Melanie Arnott." 

--- 

Second day. 

Melanie was using the shower inside the cubicle. The soap and warm water cascaded down her shapely body. She heard the glass door behind her open. She looked back and saw Harrash just staring at her before smiling. 

"Nice." Harrash muttered before closing the glass door. 

Melanie blushed furiously throughout the rest of her bath. 

---- 

Third day. 

The foods served to Melanie were particularly wonderful. For breakfast, she had french toast and peaches. For lunch, fusili in pesto sauce plus garlic bread. For dinner, she had chicken cacciatore with dinner rolls and a glass of red wine. 

"Harrash! Today's food is amazing!" Melanie exclaimed while eating her chicken cacciatore. 

"One of our human agents got me a cookbook. I had the kitchen ghosts study the cookbook and they were able to come up with those dishes." 

---- 

Fourth day. 

It took some time but everything Melanie has owned were moved from her apartment and into her cell. The landlord has been paid for the last rent and all relatives and friends concerned about her disappearance received letters penned by none other than Melanie Arnott. She told them not to worry about her because she found a new life and happier than ever. She penned her letter to her parents before getting a massage from a ghost masseur. 

"Maybe it ain't so bad here..." Melanie thought as the phantom massaged her bare back. 

----- 

Fifth day. 

Melanie had a dream that night. She dreamt that she and Harrash had a very cheesy S&M session. She was the dominatrix. 

"Lick my pussy, slave!" Melanie commanded with a horsewhip in hand. 

"Yes mistress. I shall lick your pussy." 

Melanie woke up and cracked up. It was Harrash's deadpan expressions in the dream that made her laughed out loudly. 

------ 

Sixth day. 

It was a very cold day. Even in her thick robe and blanket, Melanie felt the shivers caused by the snow in Grazghul. The former grocer thought of Harrash's strong arms embracing her. She imagined the hunky half-ghoul's hands caressing her curves. Her sensuous imagination kept her warm the whole day. 

------ 

Seventh day. 

"Here, you will need this." Harrash handed a scrap of paper to Melanie. Written on the paper was GRAZGHULRULES. "What is this? Some kind of lucky charm?" Melanie queried. Harrash narrowed his eyes. "No, that's the pasword for the wifi. We're not savages, you know." 

------- 

Eighth day. 

Melanie finally finished reading TH White's The Once and Future King. She never got to finish that book ever since she got a job at Ringwald's. Now that she got more free time, she could finally catch up on her favorite novels. 

------- 

Ninth day. 

The Ancient Graveyard of Grazghul claimed yet another victim. This time it was a male jogger. Due to his level of athleticism, it was decided by the Graveyard Officers that he was to be turned into a half-ghoul via dark sorcery. 

As for Melanie, it was just a normal day in her cell. 

-------- 

Tenth day. 

The residents of Grazghul were preparing for All Hallow's Eve. Zombies patrolled the burial grounds for intruders while ghosts were sent to spy on the living to gather information that might help them claim more captives. 

As for Melanie, she was doing preparations for the upcoming midnight ritual. She trimmed her nails and shaved her legs and pubic hair. She even used her most expensive hair conditioner. 

--------

Eleventh day. Midnight. 

A crowd of zombies, skeletons, half-ghouls, ghosts and vampires filled the graveyard plaza. Right on the stage was a skeletal being in ornate wizard robes. As soon as the crowd saw the robed skeleton, they chanted loudly. 

"Zarnath! Zarnath! Zarnath!" 

The robed skeleton known as Zarnath motioned the crowd to be silent. The chanting stopped. He began to speak. 

"My children, it has been a very bountiful All Hallow's Eve harvest. With great pleasure, I announce that we have captured fifteen mortals this midnight! All young and full of nourishing life! Bring them out!" 

The half-ghouls brought fifteen young people to the stage... ten young women and five young men aged ranging from eighteen to twenty-three. All of them were weeping and terrified. 

"However, the real reason for this All Hallow's Eve's gathering is a special indoctrination ritual requested by our Chief Grave Digger Harrash, on the behalf of his captive Melanie Arnott. Ms. Arnott, out of her own will, wishes to become a permanent resident. The ritual will enable her to benefit more from the blessings of the Ancient Graveyard of Gazghul. I, Zarnath the Arch-Lich, shall lead this ritual. Melanie Arnott, come to the stage!" 

Escorted by four half-ghouls, Melanie entered the stage. She wore a much more coloreful robe this time. Seeing how beautiful she was, the crowd of undead beings cheered. 

"Silence, my children. The ritual is about to start. Drums." 

An ominous drumming was performed by a band of half-ghouls and Zarnath became to chant an incantation. The moment the drumming started, Melanie began to fall into a trance. Before she fell to the floor, her half-ghoul escorts caught her and brought her to the altar. Still standing, Melanie was disrobed by her escorts. Her voluptuous body was exposed to everyone at the plaza. The crowd was awestruck by her naked beauty. 

Melanie was laid down on the altar spreadeagled. One of her half-ghoul escorts straddled her torso straight towards her heavy and large breasts. The half-ghoul's large and hard member was placed firmly between her mammaries. He squeezed Melanie's hefty tits together around his massive cock and began to fuck her cleavage. 

Two other half-ghouls placed their huge dicks in Melanie's hands. As if by instinct, Melanie began to stroke their members. The last half-ghoul directed her face to her side, facing his dick. Without warning, he plunged his ginormous member into her mouth and began to fuck. The crowd was so turned on by the sexual display but they controlled themselves lest they offend their lord and master Zarnath. 

After five minutes, all four half-ghould ejaculated. Their load scattered all over Melanie's tits, arms and face. "Good... the cum feels so good..." whispered Melanie. They quickly left the altar alone when the green mists start enveloping around Melanie. The green mists ate away the half-ghouls' semen and then entered Melanie's pussy. "Aaaaaaah..." Melanie moaned as she felt the green mist penetrating her and swirling inside her curvy body. 

Fifteen minutes have passed. The green mists started to leave Melanie. As soon as the mist left, Harrash entered the stage. He was naked and he had the biggest and hardest cock compared to the other half-ghouls. He grabbed Melanie by the hips. 
