 I am watching you my love, can you sense me near? Waiting for you? I know your soul can for it has been mine from the beginning of mankind but your mind is as yet unaware, uncomprehending until tonight, when I will take you in my slender arms again and make love to you as I have done through the lonely centuries. Always I follow you, searching for you, yearning and each time I find you, I must lose you again through the curse of the Old Gods who I angered because I loved you. Ours is a deep but forbidden love my beautiful man and I, an Immortal from the Ancient Lands am doomed to love you through eternity and dream of a day when perhaps we will be together, our spirits entwined forever and our bodies naked and on fire with our passion.

I can see you now in the busy street below, as ever when I come to you it is dark and I see that a streetlight pours amber light onto the contours of your handsome face many stories beneath me. And so I have assumed the guise of Raven this time to find you, perched on a narrow ledge, I exhale a soft breath, a whisper, a suggestion to caress your heart and bind you to me,watching as you stand transfixed as a sudden breeze rustles through the leaves of a tree beside you.

"It is me, I am come." the leaves whisper to you

And the whisper of your heart back to me beats a rhythm through the cold winter air all around. I tell you the story again and again when the time comes to enable your human mind to open and understand that you are mine as I am yours and not even mortal death shall I ever allow to separate us.

In the beginning when the old ones ruled the world, I was created, as were many others and I dwelt as a fey forest creature, in the moonlight, a beautiful woman,though under the sun's strong rays, a spirit which returned to the mountains and lakes around me. There was such beauty in those times, and now I make you remember for it was in those times that I found you, wounded by mortals of another clan, bleeding and alone. 

At first I was afraid for I had never encountered any of your kind, so I hid in the shadows and watched you, fearing your strength but drawn to your spirit which rallied and was indomitable in the face of your suffering. With the murk and gloom of the forest all around I came to you, cautiously at first as would a wary deer and then I sensed your fear of me too and how strange I must appear to you, a female of another world with hair of black silk and green eyes which sparkled with curiosity under the pale glow of a sickle moon. 

There we sat, gazing at each other, feeling the ancient pulse of the land slowing and waning in contrast to the racing of ours. I healed your wounds with my own hands, willing my life blood into yours as we sat still, staring at each other. There was a touching purity to your heart, an inherent kindness which reminded me of my own kind and while my mind said flee, my blood sang otherwise. Leading you to a bed of velvet green moss, I lay naked before you, a vision of ivory perfection, skin luminous and beguiling in the dark. I smiled at the longing in your face and spread my thighs, welcoming you into me and then crying with the sheer beauty of our lovemaking.

You cried too that night my love for you knew, even in your mortal mind, that nothing would be the same again in both our worlds. Each night you came to me and we lay together, high up on my mountain plateau, nestled safely between lake and forest, mesmerized by each other and deeply, frighteningly in love. And then you came no more! The beginning of the curse which I myself instigated through my own pain and grief!

I looked for you, leaving the safety of my woodland sanctuary, and I found you, only your lovely hazel eyes were blank and unseeing and your once strong body was lifeless and bloodied, cut down mercilessly by the other clan as you tried in vain to defend your own people against them.

That night I journeyed to the edge of a great cliff, my heart was so full of love but my soul was black and screaming. And I let it scream. I let it howl over the silvery ocean, boiling up the water with my fury and causing the waves to unite and bend to my will. The clouds grew black and the thunder roared in unison with the waves and focused my wrath on the very ones who had destroyed you, and thus, I in turn destroyed them.

I had enraged the Gods who had not made me to be vengeful and so the curse was decreed. Your spirit will always return but I can only ever have one night with you and that one night will signify your end again my dearest love. My face is awash with tears as I remember and my own curse is that I cannot leave you or forget you for you are the other half of my soul and without that half I am nothing and nor are you.

An age of ice prevailed over the land, new gods came, and many more men. The Old Ones lay dormant, retreating back to the earth and sea but only I remained. I became a shape shifter, roaming this strange new world as a wolf, learning more about these mortals and understanding more each century that you are as unique as they are fickle and weak.

When the ice had thawed and more time passed I found your spirit again and made the world still and calm at night. I watched as you grew to manhood and wore strange armour on your body. At night when you slept, I was the cat who curled against you, the wild stray who you found in the woods and thought to tame.

Waiting........ biding my time.

One night when you were in the prime of your maturity, I could resist no longer. Jealous and made despondent by the mortal women who flocked around you like whores, I beckoned to you and you heard. You heard me whisper to you from the depths of my wraithlike being, my lust, my desire, my hurt, but ultimately my love, drawing you back to me and possessing you with a ferocity I had not felt in thousands of years. 

And so you came, frightened and tentative at first as you were before but then seeing me as I really am, my eyes, wild and green, my breasts high, firm and pink tipped, my waist as slim as a reed and my very sex, swollen with longing and desire for you.

Even immortals dream my love, we dreamt that night and sometimes dreams can reach out and touch you as your mortal life could never dare. For it is your mind I live inside as surely as the moon rises over this strange world each night, a world devoid of mystery and magic. The meeting of our souls is worth one hundred thousand years spent languishing in purgatory, the rapture of our union, sweeter than an eon of blissful peace. 

And the love went on that night, my only sorrow that in this world I am known as a witch when I am really a soul, perhaps not of your time, but a soul nonetheless who loves you and keens for you more as the milleniums pass.

The next morning you awoke and I had retreated back to the shadows. You were smiling and your hazel eyes were glowing with a happiness I had not witnessed since we had last been together many ages ago and I waited in the forest that day in dread that the fates could not be that unkind to me again. But they were. And with the Old Gods dormant, I had no one else to appeal to. You had fought and died for a young King named Arthur, again fighting for the safety of your own people while I, alone but for you have never understood this clannishness which takes you from me.

And so again I raged and slew, at a place called Badon where this King of yours cried a great victory and afterward I lingered lonely in the mists as ever, the night creatures my only companions.

Later, I sensed your spirit once more which took me on a long journey over the ocean to a land you mortals call America.

I travelled at first as an eagle, then, when my wings grew stiff and painful, the elements showed me kindness and changed me to water where I swam as a porpoise and met others of that kind who accompanied me, pitying me, but accepting me as their own. Travelling deep into the heart of the land, there you were. Your skin was darker but your eyes still glowed with the same hazel tones and your people gave me the name "Walks in the Shadows" as they were of an ancient race also and knew when the spirits were present. They knew I was there for you.....

Our spirits entwined once more, our bodies wet with lust and desire for each other, I dipped my breasts to your face and sat astride you, my hair a silken cloak which enshrouded us both from the cruelties of the world. But yet again, the next day, when my powers had melted back to darkness, men came with new weapons which put holes in men, and they struck you down. Why? I screamed as once more I destroyed them.

And there have been other times when I followed you my brave strong man. - When you lived in a land where the people rose up and took the head of their King and Queen and I lost you again in your youth and valour.

When you sailed the seas on a frigate ship and fought against pirates - to defend. Always to defend.

But I have a secret my love.......

One which I have clutched to me this last century for fear my hope would be stolen.

For I have forseen the self destruction of mankind! Two mighty wars have waged and men will implode into their own greed and folly, already a steady rumble echoes from the core of the Earth as the Old Gods awaken.

One day soon the world will be as it was once more. A century? A millennium? I do not know, but it happens........ And when it does, I shall appeal to the Wise Ones who may reward me for my patience and sacrifice and make you Immortal as I am, as you were meant to be.

And so I watch you my love, you work at night, and this time you fight against fires to save others. Already the curse evolves and changes as the steady rhythm of the Old Ways grow and strengthen. Tomorrow, your human body will perish in the very flames you seek to fight. But your soul is eternal and belongs only to me.

I stand behind you now my love, and as you turn, I see reflected in your eyes a high mountain plateau, where there is a cool lake and a deep dark forest and a forest nymph with green eyes and pale skin, turned to ivory in the moonlight. She spreads her thighs on a bed of soft velvet moss and smiles at you with passion, love and reverence, inviting you into her, to come back where you belong.

Approaching you, I know that my whisper has made you remember who you are. And as I kiss you and lead you into the deepest shadows, a far off hum... echoes and intensifies.....a heartbeat to an ancient pulse.....

You are mine..... my love... my soul.... you are mine.....