 Chapter One: Aaric and Shiloh 

Five men. I had been given five men. Five mates. Never had I thought I would have so many, in fact, I had been operating under the pretense that I would be unlikely to have any at all. Yet here I was, with five sets of eyes searching over me as I stood before them. I was responsible for them as they were responsible for me. They would provide money and protection and I would govern them. They were my pack. They would look to me for leadership. I would also be expected to take care of their sexual needs and birth at least some of their children. The sheer number of the men before me suddenly made me a little dizzy, I had to sexually satisfy each one of them when the time arose and eventually bear their offspring. I have no idea why the Council saw fit to give me five. 

Each lycan born an alpha went through a series of tests to determine their aptitude for leadership and their particular skillset. I still bore scars from some of the more viscous fights. Some born alpha didn't cut it and weren't given a mate to start their own pack with. Once in a blue moon a member of a pack would rise high enough in the ranks to lead a pack, but that was rare. Werewolves were either born with dominant or submissive genes. Most alphas were male, but there were several females as well. The testing determined the potential of the alpha. A particularly powerful alpha would often be given multiple mates. They could handle a larger pack and their lineage would be passed on in higher numbers. By the looks of my mates, the Council thought very highly of my capabilities. My mates were handsome, fit men in the peak of life, each as different from the next as night and day. I would have to learn each of them as the individuals they were and balance all of them and their needs. Very few alphas began a pack with so many mates. As nervous as I was I couldn't help the feeling of desire rising up within me. 

Aaric was the one who came to me that night. He was the youngest of my mates at eighteen. I opened the door to him after he rapped gently on the door near eleven. He was wearing loose athletic shorts and no top. Even in the dimness of my room I could see the hard flat lines of his stomach, the bulge of slim muscles in just the right places. His hair was dyed blond and ruffled like he had just come from his bed, his eyebrows hung dark over his blue eyes. The slim line of his jaw flexed beneath his smooth skin as he clenched and unclenched his jaw nervously. His dark eyes darted around my room, avoiding me as he shuffled from foot to foot, not leaving his spot just outside my doorway. 

"Can I help you with something Aaric?" I asked him softly, leaning against the edge of the door. His eyes finally slid to mine, longing hiding there beneath the nerves. The muscle in his jaw continued its jumpy dance and my heart melted at his boyish nervousness. His eyes flitted over my body with obvious desire and I smiled. I angled my body in one smooth movement, cocking out my hip and emphasizing my breasts in a feigned stretch. With satisfaction I watched the heat build in his eyes as he noticed my every movement. He seemed stuck in his nervous silence. "Would you like to come in?" I ran a hand through my hair, shaking it out around me. He chewed his lip and nodded. I led him in and shut the door behind him. 

"I didn't know if I should come or not." He murmured in the darkness. I could just barely see him in the dim light of the moon outside the window. 

"I'm glad you did." He searched my face, as if to see if I was telling the truth. Seemingly satisfied he reached out hesitantly and stroked my hair off my bare shoulder. His hand, feverishly hot, brushed against my bare skin and skimmed down my arm, sending heat spiraling through me. When I made no complaint he continued, running his hand gently up and down my arm, his other hand reached for my waist, running his fingers down to my hip and gently feeling my skin along the way. His breath was fast and his hands hot. Desire flooded through me and for the first time that day I felt like things were going as they should. I tipped my head up and caught his lower lip between my own, tasting him for the first time. He was divine. I kissed his upper lip next, darting my tongue out just between his lips. He groaned low in his throat and kissed me back, his lips pushing against mine hungrily. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pushed my body against his. When I parted my lips and let his tongue in he lost all his nervous restraint. His hands wrapped around me, his fingers spreading as they slid down to my butt and squeezed, first gently, then more firmly. One hand remained there while the other crept up to cup my breast. He groaned again, a sound that spread heat between my legs. He squeezed my breast and massaged it with his palm. 

He moved us back until my legs met the bed and we fell onto it. He held most of his weight as we kissed there, his hips pushing against mine in a frantic rhythm. His boner ground against me in a maddening way and I reached down a hand to grab it firmly. Aaric growled and pushed against my hand, nibbling gently on my lower lip. I rubbed firmly up and down his length, admiring the feel and his increasing fervor. When I tugged on the hemline of his shorts he pushed himself up off the bed and tugged them down. He wasn't wearing anything beneath them, and I couldn't help but grin at the sight of him, fully aroused and pressed up against his belly. Gently he leaned down and tugged off my little pj shorts and underwear and then slid my tank top up over my head. He tossed my clothes onto the floor beside the bed and took a moment to just look at me. 

He looked at me so reverentially I couldn't help the swell of pride inside me. He lowered himself back down to me and we took thrill in the press of skin on skin as we kissed. I slid my legs apart and he didn't hesitate to place himself firmly between them, his penis pushing insistently against me. I guided him inside me, reveling in the delicious feel of him. He was intoxicated by me, couldn't restrain himself. He needed me and was no longer willing to hold back. He pulled back and slowly thrust back in and I let out a moan, running my hands up to his chest and then around to his lean back. He pulled and thrust again, and then again, each time a little faster. He pushed his face into my neck as he moved in me, kissing me softly and breathing hard. He found his pace and I pushed my hips up to meet his. Delicious pleasure swirled through me as I watched his eyes practically roll up into his head in ecstasy. 

"Aaric." I moaned as he pushed and retreated. Hearing his name excited him so I said it again. He panted and grunted lightly as he moved. "Oh, Aaric." Excitement spiraled up inside me, coiling like a spring in my lower stomach, winding up tight. And then he cried out in pleasure and came with one hard, final shove. His mouth was open in gratification and wonder as he stared down at me during his release. A tiny surge of disappointment pushed into my mind. I wanted more. 

That's when I noticed Shiloh in the doorway. My body froze with sudden panic at being caught but as I looked closer I saw the raw desire on his face. Aaric pulled out, entirely spent as Shiloh crossed the room towards us, pulling off his shirt. His black hair fell messily to his equally dark eyes. His body was hard and molded into a perfect example of masculinity, his jeans dipping low enough to tantalize me. I was still hot with desire, wound tight with pleasure, and Shiloh looked willing to pick up where Aaric had left off. Aaric was surprised but unfazed as Shiloh ran his hands up and down my naked body, hunger in his eyes. His hand dipped down between my legs and his thumb stroked across my aching clitoris, making all my pelvic muscles clench at once. He began a tortuously wonderful massage with his thumb, rubbing a circle around and over my clitoris. 

A moan escaped from my lips. Suddenly Aaric was back in the game. He had crawled onto the bed behind me so that he looked upside down to me. He kissed my throat and cupped both of my breasts, rolling the nipples between his fingers. Shiloh slid himself into me, filled with cum as I was. I gasped in surprise and pleasure, he cock was thicker than I had anticipated and I hadn't noticed him slip out of his jeans. He began pumping in and out of me as his hand continued its massage. Shiloh pushed harder than Aaric, bracing me with his free hand. Aaric nipped my earlobe and squeezed my nipples. I was winding up tighter and tighter. I didn't know how much more I could take when suddenly I came explosively, my body convulsing over and over around Shiloh. I cried loudly and Shiloh followed me in release, pushing in deep as we climaxed together. Their combined cum coated my thighs in a warm, sticky mess and I smiled at the sensation. Maybe satisfying all of them wouldn't be such a daunting task after all.