 Arrows fell like deadly rain as Owa and nine other orcs hurled themselves and the ram at the gate. Around them attackers fell left and right as the deadly barbs fired by the desperate defenders found target after target.

They reached the Goal with a thunderous crash. The first blow from the ton of iron-shod wood shattered the gates and sent the pieces flying in among the defenders gathered to bolster the gates. Elves, men, and dwarves gathered to give their lives to give their women and children a few more minutes before the rape and torture commenced.

Snarling in fury, Owa smashed left and right with his maul, the heavy steel spikes throwing off a rain of blood crushed from the bodies of his fallen foes. An elf dodged inside his reach using his lighter sword to slightly deflect the almost unstoppable maul. With a triumphant feral grin on his face he drew back his sword to stab the much larger orc from inside his guard. Owa released his maul with one spiked gauntlet and In a wet crunching smack drove a lighting fast punch into the elf that came away with most of the face stuck to the spikes.

Reinforcements came down from the wall to try to hold the orcs at the gates. But that weakened the defense on the walls and another wave of orcs ran forward with scaling ladders. With enemies inside the defenses while more and more breakthroughs from outside making them unable to respond, the defenders were quickly overrun. The remainder of the orcs from the ram charge fought to the door of the castle and held the ground the defenders had planned to retreat through. With no one left to sally from the castle to clear the path and nowhere to go the defenders were doomed and died to the last man in minutes.

Now comes the hard part, thought Owa as he saw the rest of the army realize that all that stood between them and the pleasures and treasures of the inner castle was a door and the Orcs that stood guard on it. They all knew The Warlord would want to be the first to enter and select loot, but with the fiery lusts of battle and greed in their veins they were sure to charge the door if he didn't come claim his rights very quickly. It was Owa's duty to stop them

The sound of the war horns outside the gate brought a sigh of relief to Owa. He knew that The Warlord would use the horns to make his entrance into the city as impressive as possible. An army of orcs was dangerous to anyone while still in battle rage but especially to anyone trying to give them commands. He had worked long and hard to get any semblance of order to his army, and it had paid off in new land for orcs and eventually in scouring the hills clean of the horrid elves, dwarves, and humans who had hunted them so mercilessly for so long. But in battle frenzy even his most ardent supporters would attack him if they saw weakness.

With another great cacophony of horns Garak Baranson the Warlord, commander of the combined forces of all the orc clans rode through the fallen gates surrounded by his advisors and cronies. Garak had been Warlord for five years now and it was thought he would be the next Overchief when old Horgrun stepped down. He had rammed through many innovations, not just in warfare, that had many of the older orcs against him. It was, as well, his overwhelming success had made him almost untouchable politically. And in personal challenge he had defeated twenty-four orcs who had disagreed with him strongly enough to make it a deadly matter.

Garak was a glowing barbaric sight covered in gold and gems with his legendary great sword, Thunder, slung across his back. He was mounted on the back of the great brown-gold stallion that had been ridden by the Khan of the Harderi horse lords when they had come from the southern plains to aid in an attempt to put down the orcish army three years ago. Just at the peak of his prime, the orcs could look forward to him leading them through many years in his plan to create an orc homeland where they could be free of the hatred and attacks of the other races.

"Orcs of the hill clans" Garak began quietly. "We have won today, a great victory." In a louder voice full of pent up suffering and regret he continued "No more shall we fear the so called 'adventurers' of the other races coming into our homes and killing our people with no provocation." Growing louder still to a stirring shout. "No more shall we be at the whim of other races' dark lords and evil wizards." Roaring loud enough to be felt through the stones of the ground "No more shall we be landless wanderers forced to live hand-to-mouth and own only what we can carry. We are free by your hands! I give you my share of the spoils of victory this day, my warriors! Inside this castle are the last of our enemies in these lands. Our war is almost over, and I call upon you to." A pause and then in a voice that shook the air like thunder "END IT NOW!"

As the Hundreds of orcs cheered him he strode up to the door of the castle and with one mighty blow of his great sword he cleaved the door in half, bar and all, and the orcs set forth into the castle, slaughtering the few old and wounded who had tried to hold the hall inside the door, intent on revenge on their ancient enemies. And Owa led the way with fire and hatred filling his veins from the Warlord's inspiring speech.

Across the great entry hall and up the stairs Owa ran, a flood of orcs spreading into the castle behind him. He had no idea where he was going but something seemed to call him from further inside the castle. Up a spiral stair he climbed, taking several steps at a time in his haste. At the top of the stairs he emerged into a large room, a room out of an orc's fondest dreams.

Violet eyes stared back at him in an oval face framed with golden hair from atop the pile of treasure where an elf female sat. A roasting pig was turning on the spit over the nearby hearth. He looked around at the rest of the room wary of traps, but saw no one else there and nothing that looked dangerous. The elf spat some words in a strange language at him. Seeing nothing obvious to harm him, Owa stepped further into the room.

.............................................................................................

From where she sat on the pile of gold Anna watched the green skinned brute enter the room. He was a big monster, nearly eight feet tall and armored all over in glimmering plated mail. He was hugely muscled and in one hand he carried what looked like a tree trunk that had been bound in spiked steel. 

She felt a chill go through her as she saw his glowing yellow eyes fix on her from inside his helm.

Taking a deep breath she challenged him, "Come and take me then you . . . orc."

I really should have come up with a better death speech she thought to herself. But if this idiot, Brend's, plans works we might have a chance to get away and I can work on another.

................................................

The flash of movement from the corner of his eye was all the warning he got as the world went hot, bright, and full of pain. He saw the lightning that had struck him continue on and shatter a chest full of gold coins a few feet to the left of the elf woman. Staggering around he saw, about five feet away, an old human in robes waving his hands and chanting strange words, obviously readying another spell.

From time before memory of even the earliest tales the orcs had been the playthings of sorcerers and wizards. And those wizards had not been content to just command. They had changed the orcs. Thousands upon thousands of years Orcs had been slaves to this or that dark wizard. All of them thinking that orcs would be so much better if they were just a bit stronger, or if they bred faster, or a thousand other little changes. The orcs remembered the tortures of those changes, remembered the horrors of the breeding pens, and the pain of the transformations. The orcs remembered, and they hated.

As they had for ages beyond count, here was a wizard trying to hurt him, trying to control him, trying to make him die.

With a roar of fury, Owa Charged.

The wizard's chanting ended in a squawk as Owa's hand closed around his throat. The wizard darted a hand to his belt and drew a wand. Glowing bolts of energy shot from the tip into Owa's chest, bolts that suddenly rebounded and destroyed a shelf of books behind the wizard. Yes, wizards had changed the orcs, sometimes in ways that weren't particularly wise.

The muffled cracking of the bones of the wizard's neck, and the drumbeat of his feet on the floor as he spasmed in death almost covered the light steps of the elf trying to creep silently up behind him to. He waited till he judged her to be in range and spun, using the corpse he held to knock her across the room and onto the pile of treasure they had used to lure him into the room. Gold and gems went flying everywhere and a large bottle of wine was knocked into the fire breaking and putting out the flames, probably poisoned he thought wryly. 

Dropping the body, Owa advanced upon the elf. His hands shook with the rage he felt at this creature that had lured him into this trap. His skin flushed almost black and his pulse raced as his anger grew, feeding on itself and driving Owa to hurt this being that represented all the death and suffering he felt.

As he reached her and stood over her she regained her senses. She saw the orc standing over her and cowered. Owa saw her draw up to cover herself and saw her eyes pause and flinch as they passed over his codpiece.

"So that's what you fear." He growled, "Stories of orc rapists are your nightmares? Then let them be real for you as they never were for those that told them."

The elf was dressed in a simple yellow linen dress. Owa reached down and grabbed her golden hair lifting her into the air. With his other hand he grabbed the bodice of the dress and ripped it down past her waist. The shredded remains fell in a heap to the floor. Two more tugs and rips and she was naked before him, hanging in the air by her hair, shock and fear paralyzing her.

She was a delicate little thing. Skin like ivory, smooth and flawless, hairless every place but her head. Hair that looked like spun gold but soft and silky to the touch. Deep violet eyes in an oval face, a face slack with terror.

Owa saw that she was so frightened she couldn't move, so he reached out and slapped her, not hard enough to really injure, just enough sting to get her attention. Then he tossed her to the floor and reached down and undid the clasps holding his codpiece on.

His revealed cock was already hard as stone. It was large but not outside of human range and it had none of the spikes or scales he was sure she had expected from the stories. Orcs were enhanced for reproduction but none of the other races had any clue what that really meant. He was about to show this elf woman.

He reached down and grabbed her hair lifting her into the air by it again. She screamed, but he ignored her and grabbed her with his other hand almost completely encircling her tiny waist with his overlarge hands. He released her head and she struggled to bite his arm, the only piece of him she could reach. He saw her grimace in pain as she bit into his mail and realized she couldn't even hurt him. Her hands beat against him but he was beyond feeling pain at anything such feeble blows could do. She tried to kick him but he grabbed both legs below the knees and turned her face down and pushed her into the pile of treasure, her ass in the air. He forced her down on her knees so he could mount her like the animal she thought he was.

She screamed as he entered her forcefully and began rough strokes that had her screaming and sobbing in pain. Then Owa felt the magic start flowing through him, and her cries changed from pain to startled pleasure. ............................................................. Anna was wishing she could just die and end this horrible tearing pain inside her when suddenly she felt a tingle and things . . . changed.

A spike from his gauntlet was carelessly driven into her side as he gripped her by the hips and pounded harder, but the pain was . . . good. He removed the gauntlet and reached around to cup one of her small breasts and squeeze it in his strong hands with bruising force, but it felt . . . wonderful.

There was no more pain and somehow the rough tearing strokes pushing her into the piles of gold now felt smooth and pleasant . . . better than pleasant . . . her first orgasm rocked her and had her somehow wanting more. She was no wanton light skirt but this was . . . too good. It was far better than anything she had ever felt before. She heard her voice pleading for the orc to go harder and faster, Begging for more and more.

Something was wrong, very wrong but she couldn't focus anymore in the sheer pleasure her orc lover was giving her. She felt her fourth and fifth orgasm go by in a continuous flood of passion and heard her orc lover grunting as he neared his own climax. Her passion built and the raging storm of pleasure she was trapped in grew. Now all that was left of the rational Anna was a tiny voice in a far corner of her mind repeating, this is wrong over and over. It was drowned out by the screaming pleasure of her sixth orgasm as her orc lover finally orgasmed and sent her over the top in crashing waves of almost painful pleasure that carried her off into darkness.

.................................................

Yes, the wizards had changed the orcs in many ways. One wizard at some point in prehistory added magic to the orcs reproduction so that they could enslave captives to increase the breeder pool, and give his army plenty of willing sex slaves to keep them happy and loyal. Orcs could reproduce with almost any humanoid. And the children of these unions would be orcs with some characteristics of the other creature thrown in.

Owa woke in his pile of gold with his new elf wife huddled against him. It was orc tradition that sex was marriage, as any female that had coupled with any male orc was bound to him with unbreakable magics, he could treat her however he pleased and she would never be able to do anything but love him. Orcs frowned on abusing wives but it happened often enough.

He was sure several orcs had come up to the room and looked in on him, but none had woken him and for that he was grateful. Now he had to figure out what he was going to do with the elf. By claiming her like that he was now obliged by orc custom to care for her and he had no idea how to go about it.

He was reminded of an amusing although surely untrue story about a foolish orc who had drank himself blind and satisfied himself with a handy goat. 

This orc was astonished to wake in the morning with no recall of the events of the night before, but a goat following him around wherever he went bleating at him in obvious love. Five months later he had two new sons who were amazingly good at climbing things, but couldn't wear normal hats or helmets.

He wrapped her in a fine gold embroidered red woolen cloak and gently carried her down the spiral stairs without waking her. He had gathered the finest of the gems and a few of the least damaged books in a bag and slung it over his shoulder. He wasn't worried about another orc seeing her naked and wanting her, for she was permanently taken now, but it was quite cold and the little elf didn't look like she would fare very well in harsh weather.

Looking at her face in the sunlight of the morning he decided that she was actually rather attractive, even if she was tiny. Her hair was glowing like a golden fire in the strong morning sunlight, and her face a bit bruised and smeared but with perfect symmetry and full red lips that begged to be kissed.

As he stared at her face her violet eyes opened and she gasped out a few words he couldn't understand.

Unable to resist in this perfect moment he bent down to kiss her. A sudden pain bloomed in his face as she sank her teeth into his nose.

..................................................

Anna opened her eyes to see a large green face staring down at her. "What the . . .?" She yelped. "Where am I?" And then she remembered.

The big green face she had never seen before came slowly toward her. She saw the lips open slightly obviously intending a kiss. Not wanting to be kissed, she waited and when it was close enough she snapped out and bit it on its big nose.

She bit down as hard as she could, trying to bite a piece off, but his reflexive jerk got him back and out of reach before she could get a solid hold. She tried to kick but whatever she was wrapped in had her arms and legs pinned. All she could do was wriggle and scream her fury as the orc easily tucked her under one arm. She heard howls and snarls from the other orcs that had seen her bite. Some of the orcs were yelling in their foul incomprehensible language. Probably offering to help him beat me for biting him. Or maybe sharing recipes for filet of elf. 

Looking up at the big face with its bleeding nose she suddenly realized the eyes she had seen in the helmet were the same as the ones on the orc holding her. Could this be him? The only parts she had seen uncovered were his hand and his . . . better not to think about that she thought as she felt herself blush, not entirely in anger and shame. Oh yes definitely better not to think about that.

As the realization hit her that this must be the same orc she felt a strange warmth pass through her. Suddenly she felt ashamed of her ambush on his poor nose. What? That orc raped me and now I feel sorry for him? But yes she realized she did indeed feel sorry for him.

He yelled something back to the other Orcs with a smile on his face and they all looked strangely happy. She had never thought of orcs having that contented happy look. .............................

Owa put one hand to his bleeding nose and looked in amazement at his little elf wife as she struggled inside the cloak. It shouldn't be possible for her to attack him. By all he knew she shouldn't have even been able to think about it.

"Hah! Owa has a live one." Gruntruk, an orc from his squad jeered. "Whatsammater did you do it wrong? Maybe that little elf needs a real orc to show her what's what. I could even help you beat her for biting you if you can't handle such a big strong elf on your own"

"Hey Owa" shouted Jorg, another squad mate. "When I saw you cuddled up in that tower with that little elf I figured you had a good piece of elf tail. Now I figure she had herself a piece of orc. Did she bite the whole thing off or did she leave you enough so you could at least still piss standing up?"

"Shut your ugly mouths you bunch of greedy bastards" Owa shot back as the bundle under his arm stopped squirming. "Get back to loading all your loot up so we can get headed home."

Hearing that word 'home' brought a warm smile to the orcs. Most of them had been with the army the whole five years it had been out trying to clear some room for an orc nation. Before Garak started claiming land, an orc's idea of home had been some cave or ruined keep where they could hide out for a few weeks till the 'adventurers' found them and they had to run again. 

Now home was a safe place where children could play and orcs could live without constant fear. A place where it was possible for an orc to be anything he wanted to be. It was a center of learning and commerce for the orcs to learn how to live as civilized beings. It was still small as most nations reckoned these things but in the eyes of all the orcs he knew Orchaven was the future and the most beautiful city any of them had ever seen.

The elf he now had tucked under one arm was looking up at him. A bit of his blood smeared on her mouth. Seeing that he was looking at her she said something in her strange liquid language. Something soft and, was that sorrow he heard in her voice?
