 A supernatural fantasy erotica by Lord Bokrug.

*****

"Brace yourselves when entering the ancient graveyard. Each coffin contains an unspeakable horror." 
- John Darius, monster hunter

***

Episode 2: The Coffin Maker 

6 am, August 12, 2007; Los Angelese, California, USA 

World-famous artist Tabitha Sprigg was just scavenging for materials by a creek for her upcoming nature-themed gallery. She was collecting odd-looking stones and wood which might be good enough for her sculptures. The twenty-six year old, pony-tailed brunette was wearing her bandana, tank top, cargo shorts, hiker's gloves and rubber shoes. She had a large backpack on her for collecting her materials. If any man saw her that morning, he'd have an instant boner. Tabitha was a real knock-out. She looked more like a supermodel than an artist. She had a slim frame but had softball-sized breasts and an enticingly shapely behind. Her face was gorgeous like Hollywood gorgeous. 

However, Tabitha had a passion that puts away dreams of movie stardom and walking on the runway and that passion was art. Tabitha has always been a gifted artist who'd create masterpieces starting from a young age. She did painting for a year but sculpting was her true love. Once, she sculpted the entire cast of her favorite cartoon show at age seven. 

However, her artistic skills didn't prepare her for the Ancient Graveyard of Grazghul. 

The skies suddenly darkened above Tabitha. Green mists filled the now disappeared creek area and tombstones formed out of nothing. The air suddenly chilled and it chilled Tabitha. She didn't wear a bra that day thus her nipples hardened. The sculptor crossed her arms together to keep herself warm. 

"Where the creek go? Why am I suddenly in the middle of a cemetery?" thought Tabitha with arms crossed around her ample chest. "I really got to find shelter before I freeze to death!" 

Tabitha trekked among the graveyards. Right away, she spotted what looked like a cabin. 

"Outstanding! Maybe whoever lives there might help me." thought Tabitha. 

The sculptor walked towards the cabin's door and knocked on it. To her surprise, it opened a little. She saw light and felt the warmth of a fireplace inside. 

"Spectacular. I hope the owner doesn't mind me being here. It's really chilly out here." 

Tabitha entered the cabin and closed the door behind her. When she turned around, she was amazed at the sight of the interior. 

"Wow! Look at all the woodcarvings!" 

She saw carved wooden figurines displayed everywhere. What she saw were skeleton figurines, gargoyle figurines, carvings of decaying corpses, figurines of dicks, pussies and depictions of love-making and a majestic bust of a skeleton dressed in some kind of headdress and robe. Despite the macabre and sexual themes, Tabitha was not disturbed. She found them to be very beautiful. 

However, at one corner of the cabin, she saw a statue made of what appeared to be clay. The design of the human-sized clay statue was aesthetically wonderful. 

"Incredible! It seems that I'm in the home of a true master!" 

Tabitha touched the clay statue to study its ornate carvings. Suddenly, the eyes of the statue glowed an eerie green light. It quickly grabbed Tabitha by her neck. 

"Aaaaaaah!!" Tabitha screamed as the statue pinned the young sculptor to the bed. Tabitha struggled to be free but the statue was too strong. With its other hand, it grabbed the edge of Tabitha's tank top. With one strong motion, it tore the tank top and revealed Tabitha's luscious chest. 

"Noooooo!! Please!!" Tabitha begged with tears in her eyes but the statue remained unresponsive, cold and emotionless. With the same hand, it also tore off Tabitha's shorts and her panty. Tabitha became naked except for her socks and shoes. 

Tabitha felt something hard bumping into her pussy. The statue's dick sprung into erection and plunged into Tabitha. 

"AAaaaaaaah!!" 

Tabitha was no virgin. She had five male lovers with varying member sizes but none of them compared with the statue. In a mechanical and precised faction, the statue fucked Tabitha. 

"Nooo!! Get off me!!" Tabitha tried to push the statue away but it was immovable. The statue's grip on her shapely hips were too strong. Tabitha was also weakened by the relentless violation from the statue. 

"No... please... stop...Uuuung..." 

It's been ten minutes and the statue kept on fucking. Tabitha's protests became weaker and weaker with each powerful thrust. Her slender arms stopped trying to push the statue away and simply laid down at her sides. The ravishing flooded her brain and body with so much pleasure. 

"Uuuung... oh yes... yessssss... I'm gonna cum..." 

Tabitha came in copious amounts but the statue kept on fucking. After an hour of non-stop fucking, Tabitha Sprigg blacked out. 

-------- 

Tabitha Sprigg woke up. She was still in the cabin's bed and still nude. However, instead of getting violated by a clay statue, she was under a very comfy blanket. The clay statue that raped her was just displayed at a much farther corner of the cabin away from Tabitha, very still just like before she touched it. Tabitha's pussy was still sore from the ordeal. 

"Oh God..." groaned Tabitha. 

"God is not here. How may I help?" A voice responded. It was male and it came from the direction where the fireplace was. A man in a long-sleeved shirt, pants and shoes that looked like they were made in a past distant century. He was facing a pot which was the source of an odd herbal scent Tabitha has been smelling since she woke up. The man, a middle-aged man rather good-looking for his age, poured the contents of the pot into a metallic chalice. It was so hot, piping steam could be seen. He waved his hand over the chalice and the piping steam was no more. He walked over to Tabitha with the chalice and introduced himself in a very serious manner. 

"My name is Vinculus Von Pelt. Coffin maker, sculptor, necromancer. When I entered my workshop, I saw the defective golem violating your unconscious body. Here, drink this. This is for the pain." 

Vinculus handed the chalice to Tabitha. Tabitha was suspicious at first but the soreness in her shapely body vanished once she drank the concoction which oddly tasted like children's cough syrup. 

"Wait, didn't you say you're a sculptor? Did you make those?" asked Tabitha before the pointed out the macabre and erotic figurines. 

"Yes." replied Vinculus. He grabbed a chisel and a hammer. "Listen, I have no time for chit-chat because I have work. Just rest so you can recover." 

Tabitha laid on the bed for hours and was mesmerized at Vinculus' craft. He spent hours carving intricate symbols and images on what appeared to be a coffin. The coffin seemed to be made of hard and expensive wood but Vinculus was able to turn it into a masterpiece in a matter of hours. Tabitha's sculpting skills paled in comparison to Vinculus' but she didn't care. She realized that she was in the presence of a real master. 

Satisfied with the carving, Vinculus decided it was time to stop and eat. After washing his hands in a basin, he walked over to a barrel and pulled out a whole chicken minus the feathers and the head. The master sculptor chopped the chicken into several pieces. He placed the chicken in a saucepan over a lit clay stove. Afterwards, he chopped some tomatoes, onions, pitted olives and bell peppers before chucking them in the same saucepan. Vinculus added some seasoning into the saucepan and then covered it. With a wave of his hand, the fire of the clay stove grew weaker. 

Tabitha was still astounded by the multiple skills of the mysterious Vinculus. The coffin maker walked towards the bed and sat beside Tabitha. He began to speak. 

"I have to be the bearer of bad news but you are now a permanent guest here in the Ancient Graveyard of Grazghul. Do not worry, I will take care of you. These accomodations will not do. This place is meant for my work. I will have to bring you to my home once I am done with business here." 

"Wait, what do you mean I'm a permanent guest?" Tabitha asked. Her tone expressed some concern. 

"Anyone who the graveyard claims stays here forever. It has always been like that. However, consider this as a boon than a bane. You'll have benefits beyond your imagination. It may be hard to believe but I was a scholar in sixteenth century Germany. The Church imprisoned me for sorcery and sentenced me to death but I was saved by Lord Zarnath. He's the one who made me chief coffin maker of this graveyard. It is a role I am fully committed to. What is your name, madame?" 

"My name is Tabitha Sprigg, an artist and sculptor. To be honest, I feel very stressed right now. I have a gallery coming up and I still need to make sculptures!" answered Tabitha who was visibly distressed. 

"Worry not, Miss Sprigg. We have agents beyond Grazghul. They will bring you the materials you need for your sculptures. They will also deliver the sculptures and even deal with the buyers on your behalf. Whatever you need, you can count on the agents. Just tell me for I am one of the officers of this graveyard." 

"Oh that's quite a relief. However, there is one thing I want..." Tabitha grabbed Vinculus' hands. Her blanket fell from her naked tits but she was too happy to notice that. 

"Master Vinculus, please be my teacher! I've seen your art and your skill is vastly superior to mine. I want to be your student! How much do you want from this mentorship?" 

Vinculus was taken aback. Never has he met someone who expressed admiration for his work this way. He was uncomfortable with the feelings that began to stir. He turned his head around to hide his blush from Tabitha. 

"I-I have already decided to put you under my protection. We will talk about your apprenticeship over chicken stew." 

------ 

"Master Vinculus, your chicken stew is amazing!" exclaimed Tabitha. Her tits were exposed while she dined. Vinculus averted his eyes from her chest. 

"Y-you're welcome. About your apprenticeship under me... I've thought it over and decided to teach you my craft." answered Vinculus whil dining on a drumstick. 

Tabitha was beyond ecstatic. Despite being naked, she absent-mindedly hugged Vinculus without warning and with sheer gratefulness. "Thank you! I promise, I will be a very good student!" Vinculus blushed at the hardness of Tabitha's nipples touching his bare chest. "I seriously got to get her clothes once we get home." thought the coffin maker.

------------ 

Tabitha, wrapped in the enchanted blanket, was led by Vinculus to his manor which was just five minutes away from his working cabin. The house was beautiful and well-maintained inside and out. There were magnificent paintings and sculptures everywhere. There was even a large and majestic marble fountain with a robed skeletal being on the very top with water flowing from its hands. 

Greeting Vinculus and Tabitha were beautiful women who look exactly the same with porcelain-like skin, full red lips and smooth black hair that stops at the jaw. Only one sticks out among them and she was the most beautiful of them all with a slim and gorgeous body and long, curly brown hair. The maid had a smile that could launch a fleet. She was the first to greet them. 

"Good evening, Master Vinculus and Miss Sprigg. We've been waiting for you." She turned to Vinculus. "We have prepared the guest room for Miss Sprigg plus her bath and new clothes. Also, the agents have been notified." 

"Excellent. Thank you, Ingrid." Ingrid turns to Tabitha. "Miss Sprigg, I will personally escort you to your room. Follow me please." 

Tabitha followed Ingrid to her room. The room was very clean and elegantly decorated with paintings and sculptures. In one corner, there was a big, fluffy bed and facing the bed was the bathroom door. 

"Miss Sprigg, please leave the blanket in the hampry and put on the special robes in the wardrobe. They may look like bathrobes but they protect humans from the arcane energies of Grazghul." said Ingrid. 

"But what about Mister Von Pelt? Is he human?" asked Tabitha. Ingrid smiled. 

"Master Vinculus is a human but he's a masterful necromancer. The energies don't affect him even if he were naked." For a moment, Tabitha imagined what Vinculus would look like without any clothes on but she resisted. 

"The bath is ready, Miss Sprigg. You can clean yourself." said the beautiful maid before leaving Tabitha. 

-------

First day of apprenticeship. Vinculus' workshop. 

Tabitha felt uncomfortable at first when wearing the special robe that protected her from the eerie energies of Grazghul but she understood its necessity. If she wore something else, she would've turned into a sex-crazed maniac prone to the depredations of Grazghul's worst. She was there to carve simple runes on a coffin for a zombie. Tabitha's curves behind her robe and her womanly scent distracted Vinculus' for a while but, like a true professional, he diligently carved intricate images on a coffin for a vampire. 

------ 

Second day. Workshop. 

"No, no. The carvings are too faint." said Vinculus to his apprentice Tabitha. "I'm sorry, sir. My hands feel so cold and stiff." replied Tabitha. "Let me see your hands..." beckoned Vinculus. Tabitha exposed both of her palms to Vinculus. Vinculus held her hands and massaged them to warm them up. He noted the softness of her hands' flesh and the callouses of her palm's skin. "Truly, the hands of an artist." thought the necromancer. 

--------------

Third day. Among the tombs of Grazghul. 

"Hey, have you heard of Vinculus' apprentice?" a half-ghoul asked his fellow half-ghoul. Both were overseeing zombies rising from their graves. "Sure did. What a hottie! I bet Vinculus couldn't keep his pants on." answered the other half-ghoul. The first half-ghoul nodded. "Right. Master Vinculus is way too serious. With a hot babe like that. Maybe he'll get some at long last. Seriously, he really needs it." 

"Need what?" said a familiar voice. Chills ran up the half-ghouls' spines. It was Vinculus. "Oh it was nothing, sire. We were just talking about a lesser lich who apprenticed a blonde bombshell." replied the nervous half-ghoul. 

"Hmmm... carry on." The necromancer pretended to have heard nothing and walked away but the thought of him having sex with Tabitha Sprigg titillated him. 

----- 

Fourth day. Ritual room. 

"Ah! Ah! Aaaaaah!" screamed a naked beautiful and busty redhead in sheer sexual ecstasy while a lesser lich violently plowed her behind. They were doing the dirty deed on an altar and Vinculus was reciting incantations to indoctrinate the woman to the energies of Grazghul. Vinculus was one of the few authorized ritual masters tasked with the indoctrination ritual. For a moment, he imagined himself plowing a very naked Tabitha in the same manner. "No! Not now! Must focus!" thought the necromancer before quickly redirecting his focus to the ritual. 

------

Fifth day. VInculus' bedroom. 

Exhausted from transforming some captives into half-ghouls and zombies, Vinculus quickly fell asleep on his posh and comfortable bed. He dreamed that he was fucking Tabitha Sprigg on top of a tombstone. The dream was very vivid and graphic. He felt his dick penetrating the hot and moist womanhood of the famed sculptor. His hands squeezed the soft and round breasts of the sexy brunette while she moaned loudly. The next morning, Vinculus woke up hot and bothered and still remembered the dream. That was his first wet dream. 

------ 

Sixth day. Workshop. 

Vinculus just came home from his workshop. He just finished an intricately carved coffin ordered by Zarnath, the Lord of Grazghul himself. The coffin was beautiful with skulls, bones and runes carved everywhere. 

The craftsman necromancer didn't teach Tabitha that day. He decided to let her rest for the day at his mansion. At the hallway where the dining room and the living room are interconnected, he was greeted an unusually excited Ingrid. 

"Welcome home, Master Vinculus! Tabitha has made something for you! Please see her in her bedroom!" 

Vinculus, perplexed by this bit of information. What did Tabitha made for him? He walked up the stairs and entered Tabitha's bedroom. She just came from her bath and was wearing her special robe. He hair was still slightly wet. 

"Oh Master Vinculus, I made something for you. It's just a small gift and my skill is probably still green but I did my best." She pulled out a box from under her bed and handed it to Vinculus. The necromancer opened the box and revealed a small wooden carved bust sculpture bearing his likeness. 

Vinculus was stunned. It was only mere days and Tabitha reached this degree of sculpting skill. The likeness was spot-on. If it weren't for the excessive wood in the hair, the bust sculpture would've been perfect. 

"No... it's... beautiful... I can't believed it's been mere days and you've gotten this good. Thank you so much." said Vinculus, still stunned by the sculpture and Tabitha's progress. 

"Oh my! I'm glad you like it!" said Tabitha. Her round breasts jiggled and accidentally revealed her cleavage. Vinculus gulped. He looked away but saw the sparkles in the brunette's eyes. He was finally enthralled by her beauty and no amount of sorcery could stop the feelings in his heart from flooding. 

"By the dark gods, I can't take this anymore..." Vinculus grabbed Tabitha and kissed her hard on the mouth. His tongue entwined with Tabitha's and his embrace tightly held the brunette. Tabitha broke the kiss. 

"M-Master?" 

"I want you, Tabitha Sprigg. You're the only woman who has captured my heart. It's yours now if you accept it." said the necromancer. His eyes were misty. 

"I... I accept. I also want this, Vinculus. I've been attracted to you ever since I met you. My heart is yours." Tabitha broke away from Vinculus' embrace. She dropped her robe, exposing her gorgeous body to the necromancer before laying down on her bed. 

"Take me now, sweet necromancer." 

Vinculus quickly stripped off all his clothes and laid beside Tabitha. He kissed her on the lips and then started kissing he breasts. He sucked her nipples alternatively between each kiss. Tabitha gasped and moaned with each kiss and suck. 

"Oooooh Vinculus... yeeeessssss..." 

He lowered his head to her womanhood. He licked it with with passion and desire. 

"Aaaah... Aaaaaah!" Tabitha moaned loudly with each lick from the necromancer. Her nipples were hard and her body was so hot. At that point, Vinculus knew he was ready to take her. 

The necromancer shifted his body once more and grabbed Tabitha's hips. He slowly pushed his cock into her pussy. Tabitha gasped. "This felt much better that with that damned golem." Tabitha thought to herself. Vinculus kept on pushing and pulling into Tabitha, driving her with with even more ecstasy. 

"Ah! Aaaah! Vinculus! Aaaaah!" 

"Ung! Ung! Ung!" The necromancer grunted as he fucked Tabitha even harder. The lovemaking went on for thirty minutes until... 

"Aaaaah!! Vinculus! I'm gonna cum!" I love you so muuuuuch!!" screamed Tabitha. Her fingernails were dug into Vinculus' back. 

"I love you to, Tabitha! Aaah!" screamed Vinculus though not as loud as Tabitha. Both lovers came in copious and heavy amounts. They laid beside each other, panting and sweating so much. Vinculus caressed Tabitha's pretty face. They whispered sweet nothings to each other until Ingrid called them for dinner. 

------- 

Harrash swiftly entered his home. Clearly, he was upset about something. His busty and curvaceous wife Melanie, adorned in a very revealing special robe, greeted her half-ghoul husband at the dining table. 

"Dear, what's bothering you?" asked Melanie while massaging Harrash's back. 

"It's that damned coffin maker, that's what! I ordered a coffin from him and he said it'd be ready today!" answered Harrash after sipping some coffee. "I went to his workshop to get it but when I entered, I saw the coffin unfinished and that damned necromancer fucking his apprentice!" 
