 The Ancient Graveyard 

A supernatural series of stories mostly set in the Ancient Graveyard of Grazghul. 

Note: This episode contains NC, lactation and hardcore tentacled sex.

*****

"Tread carefully and beware of the Lord of The Jungle Green."

- A stone carving found in South America.

***

Episode 3: The Caretaker 

2:45 PM, February 25, 1998; Tokyo, Japan. 

Twenty year-old horticulturist Maki Thompson was on her way to her apartment. She just came from the local manga store in Akihibara. Wearing a thick sweater and jogging pants, the fabric hardly hid her voluptuous body. She may be an ubergeek but she had the looks of a gravure model. With a H cup (thanks to her father side's lineage of busty women), she could easily get a modelling career in Tokyo. However, she had other plans and it involved Japanese comics, anime and lots of tempura. 

The skies grew dark and strange mists formed all around Maki. She quickly found herself in a graveyard scattered with tombs and cobwebs. The busty otaku was so startled she almost tripped over a tombstone. 

"W-where am I? Am I lost? I got to get out of here." thought Maki. She walked forward carefully to avoid tripping over the scattered tombstones. Minutes later, she came across what appeared to be a massive greenhouse. 

"Maybe someone who could help me is in that greenhouse. Besides, I bet it's warm there." Maki was right. Ever since she stepped into the graveyard, it was so cold her sensitive nipples became rock hard despite her sweater. 

Maki knocked on the greenhouse's glass door. "Hello? Anyone in there? I need help!" Maki yelled. No response. 

Maki tried opening the door and it turned out it was unlocked. She entered the greenhouse and felt the warmth coming back to her. Maki saw all sorts of gorgeous flowers growing inside the greenhouse.

"Wow! So beautiful!" exclaimed Maki as she looked in awe at the beautiful flowers. All sorts of varieties grew everywhere in that greenhouse. Marigolds, roses, tulips, you name it. Every gorgeous flowering plant was there. Maki continued to gaze in marvel at all the flowers. 

Right in the very center of the greenhouse, she saw what appeared to be a huge tree entwined in thick vines. 

"Wow! I've never seen this tree before." Maki touched the tree with her right hand. Suddenly, the tree shook and the vines wrapped around the tree started moving. "Whoa!" Maki was startled. She tried moving away from the tree but a vine caught her by the wrists. "What th-! Help!" More vines shot out and wrapped around Maki's limbs and torso. The vines raised Maki Thompson into the air. The otaku grew afraid. 

The tree opened up and out came a tall and naked creature with bark-like skin and small vines for hair. "Foolish mortal woman! How dare you trespass this greenhouse and disturb the slumber of Kalumatek, Lord of The Jungle Green and Head Caretaker of The Great Graveyard of Grazghul!" 

"No! I'm so sorry! Please let me go!" cried Maki who was terrfied out of her wits. In her struggle against the vines, her hefty tits jiggled beneath the sweater. The plant-man known as Kalumaltek saw this and leered. Lustful intentions formed in his mind and his bulbuous dick sprung up hard. 

"You need to be punished, woman. You will pay for this with your own body!" A thick vine rose up and gently caressed Maki's ample chest. The otaku moaned at the loving attention her fleshy mounds received. 

"Mmmmm... very nice..." whispered the tree being. A few minutes later after fondling her luscious boobs, the vine reached for the edge of Maki's sweater neckhole. In one violent swipe,the vine ripped off Maki's sweater. 

"Nooooooo!" screamed Maki as two more vines reached for her bra and then pulled it off with great force, revealing her big and bouncy tits to the tree creature. The creature licked its lips. 

"So big... I wonder if there's any...sustenance in them..." said Kalumatek. The vines lowered the topless Maki, displaying her ample chest inches away from the tree creature's face. Kalumatek grabbed one boob and sucked on its nipple. "Uuuuuuhhh... noooo... stop..." Maki moaned while Kalumatek sucked, licked and squeezed her tit. After a minute, the creature stopped playing with Maki's tit and switched to her other tit. "Ooooooh..." moaned Maki. She began to moisten down there. 

"That's right, slut. Enjoy it. You'll make me happy and I'll make you happy." said Kalumatek. With a great force, Kalumatek grabbed Maki's jogging pants and ripped it off her body. The white simple panty that protected Maki's womanhood was no more when the tree being stripped it off. Naked and more vulnerable than ever, Maki screamed in Japanese. "Iiiyaaaa!! Yameteeee!!" 

The vines lowered the voluptuous otaku before Kalumatek. At the right position, the tree being grabbed Maki's meaty hips and plunged his woody dick into her snatch. The otaku gasped. In long and slow strokes, the creature began to fuck Maki. 

"Aaaaahnnn!!" loudly moaned Maki as Kalumatek fucked her. Two vines with bulbs at the ends rose up before Maki's huge breasts. The bulbs opened up and revealed mouth-like openings and began to suck Maki's nipples with sheer ferocity. At this point, Kalumatek's strokes became rougher. 

"Ahn! Ahn! Ahn! Ahn!" Maki moaned louder in short burst per lustful stroke. Another vine crept up and plunged itself into Maki's ass while another plunged into her cute little Amerasian mouth. Both vines began to piston back and forth in those holes, driving Maki wild with lust! "Mmmmmmfff!!" screamed Maki while muffled by the vine fucking her mouth. 

The vines sucking her breasts stimulated her breasts so much it succeeded in their main objective: lactation. Maki felt milk gushing from her tits and the forceful suction of her milk into the vines. Kalumatek's eyes widened. 

"Human, you must be very healthy! Your milk is so good, I can't get enough of it!" exclaimed the tree creature while still fucking the otaku. Maki didn't answer due to the vine in her mouth but Kalumatek was correct. Despite being an otaku, Maki made sure to eat a lot of nutritious food especially fruits and vegetables. Her healthy diet resulted in the high quality of her breastmilk. The vines on Maki's gigantic jugs sucked harder to get as much milk as possible. 

"Of course, it wouldn't be fair if I just take your milk... have some nectar." said Kalumatek. The bulb at the end of the vine opened up and secreted a syrup-like liquid. It tasted like a combination of peach and mango but much sweeter. The vine pumped just enough liquid in gentle squirts into Maki's mouth to prevent choking. The otaku's eyes widened in surprise at the delicious and somewhat addictive taste of Kalumatek's nectar. "Mmmmmmm..." Maki moaned and sucked the nectar into her mouth. 

"Do you like that, you busty bitch? My followers used to worship and even sacrificed to get this nectar." Maki didn't hear Kalumatek for her mind is so engrossed in sex and fruit nectar. After hours of being violated by vinesand bark, Make fainted. 

---------- 

Maki woke up. Hours have passed and the vines that took her have pulled out. However, she was shocked to see Kalumatek on top of her and fucking her roughly and tirelessly. The busty otaku screamed but they were screams of delight. 

"Eeeeeeeh!! Oh yes! Yes! Hahahaha! Keep going!" screamed Maki. The lovemaking went on for a few more hours until Kalumatek ejaculated liquid pollen into Maki's pussy. Feeling arrogant, the tree creature pulled out a cigar, lit and smoked it. Maki lovingly embraced Kalumatek with pollen oozing out of her womanhood. 

"Sorry for being so rough all night, babe." said Kalumatek. Maki smiled up at him while snuggling him. "It's fine. No need to apologize. I love the rough type and I'm so into tentacled sex. I loved every minute of it. It was like a dream come true." said the naked and sexually blissful otaku. 

"Well, I'm off. I'm a caretaker of this cemetary and I got some caretaking to do." said Kalumatek but as he said that, Maki's eyes widened with fear and tightened her arms around him. "What!? No! Don't leave me! I can't live without you!" she exclaimed. "I-I can be useful to you! I'm a scientist specializing in plants. I can help you tend this garden."

"Hrrrrm? What's this? You've fallen for me, the great and powerful Kalumatek?" The tree being laughed arrogantly. "Normally, my victims would run away after satisfying me with their bodies but it is very rare for a woman like you to give yourself to me. Okay then, I name you my personal gardener. I take care of all the green in this greenhouse but it doesn't hurt to have extra hands." Kalumatek stopped and closed his eyes for a bit and then started speaking again. 

"I've telepathically commanded my minions to collect all your possessions from your home. You are now a permanent resident of Grazghul..." Kalumatek leered at Maki. "And you have the honor and pleasure of getting fucked by me, the Lord of the Jungle Green, all the time for all eternity." Kalumatek licked Maki's neck which made the horticulturist sighed. 

"However, I must leave. Lord Zarnath will have my bark if I neglect my duties. I'm already an hour late for work but if you want more loving..." Vines vines sprouted from Kalumatek's torso. Maki smiled as the vines grabbed her once more. 

-----

"You're late, tree elemental." said a very annoyed half-ghoul. He was waiting for Kalumatek in an empty field. 

"I got sidetracked, Harrash. I had a trespasser to deal with but it's all good." said Kalumatek. 

"You mean the trespasser you're fucking with your vines right now?" The half-ghoul pointed out the naked and voluptuous young woman bound to his back and getting pumped in all holes by Kalumatek's vines. The woman's blissful moans were muffled by a thick vine secreting the sweet nectar to sustain her. 

"Yes but enough about her. Didn't you say a certain new area in the graveyard needs more trees?" asked Kalumatek. Harrash nodded. "Yup, Lord Zarnath himself requested that some cherry trees and a wide variety of flowers should be installed there." 

"Interesting. Lord Zarnath usually request gloomy and dark trees." remarked Kalumatek. "The master said that this area is for recreational purposes. This area is for picnics and orgies." 

"Alright then, let me work my power..." Kalumatek raised his arms. His palms sprayed seeds of different kinds everywhere. The tree elemental hummed a soothing song and its magic made the seeds sprout and grow into fully matured plants. In minutes, the empty field was full of cherry trees and flowers. 

"Nicely done. Could you move the trees and the flowers to the sides for the picnic areas?" Kalumatek nodded and waved his arms. All the trees and flowering plants' roots became legs. Commanded by the tree elemental, they all move to the sides. After taking positions, they rooted to the ground again and moved no more. "How's that?" asked the tree elemental. The half-ghoul gave a thumb's up. "Perfect. Now we just need to trim them a bit." 

"Ah that's a job for my apprentice caretakers." as if by cue, five tamed zombies holding shears walked into the field. They started trimming the bushes and shrubs very meticulously. The tree elemental 

"Oof! I feel famished. Time for some sustenance." Two vines sprouted from Kalumatek's torso and opened their mouths. They proceeded to suck the milk from Maki's lactating jugs. "Mmmmfff..." Maki moaned as she felt the pressure from the suction. 

"I got to admit, that's kind of hot. Looks like you got a keeper." said Harrash with his boner straining against his pants. Kalumatek smirked. 

"Yes, this one is special and I intend to keep her for all eternity but there will be more because I am the Great Kalumatek and soon I shall have my harem again just like in the old days!" exclaimed Kalumatek with confidence. Harrash shook his head. 

"Ugh, this is why I can't stand this guy." thought the annoyed half-ghoul. 

------------ 

Several weeks have passed. Running among the tombstones was a crying voluptuous Japanese woman wearing nothing but a white bikini. Kimiko Atakashi was a rising gravure model with G cup breasts and a cute face. She was doing a photoshoot with a photographer in a secluded forest in Japan until the Ancient Graveyard of Grazghul claimed them. Her photographer was swarmed by zombies and Kimiko ran away in fear. With swift legs and so much jiggling, she came across the greenhouse. 

"Help! Let me in! Let me in!!" Kimiko yelled and frantically knocked on the door. Opening the door was Maki, dressed in overalls. She let the model inside the greenhouse and calmed Kimiko down. 

"You are safe here. Just sit by the big tree in the middle of the greenhouse and relax, okay? I'll get help." Kimiko stopped crying and walked towards the tree. 

"Master! I brought you a gift!" Vines shot out of the tree and bound a very shocked Kimiko in mid-air. Coming out of the tree was Kalumatek. He gazed at the big-breasted Japanese woman and smiled. "Thank you, Maki. I approve." More vines rose up and stripped Kimiko of her top, revealing her gorgeous mammaries. "Very nice. Not as big as Maki's but I will feast upon them with great zeal!" 

Kimiko screamed with horror but was confused when she saw Maki, now naked, tearing her bottom off and then licked her pussy. Kimiko's screams of terror turned into moans of pleasure. 

"Aaaaaahhhnnn... iyaaaa... yamete kudasai..." A vine plunged into her shapely ass. Kimiko moaned even louder. 

"Aaaaaahhhnnn!!" The vines sucking on her humongous globes finally got her milk flowing into them. The stimulation was too much too bear! "Hmmmm... the milk is good but not as great as yours, Maki." Maki blushed.

After an hour of hardcore tentacled sex, Kimiko collapsed to the ground due to exhaustion. Her heavy tits were leaking so much milk and her womanhood gushing with her sex juice. Kalumatek snapped his fingers and his five zombie underlings shambled into the scene from nowhere. 

"Boys, I think it's about time you get some rest and recreation. Take her. You deserve it." The zombie caretakers understood and dropped their ragged pants, revealing stiff members. With lust on their undead minds, they slowly approached the semi-conscious Kimiko. Maki's arms embraced her beloved tree lord as she and the Lord of The Jungle Green watched the zombies ravish the gravure model for hours. 

THE END