 The great smoking wreckage of smoldering fires and tumbled stones was all that was left. The city of Arme had stood on the ground that was now covered with rubble and obscured by smoke. The orcs had torn it all down. 

Anna looked out across the ruined city searching for any buildings left even partway standing. There were none. The orcs had done a thorough job of destroying her home. Anything that had been left standing had been destroyed. Orc mages had sent fire and explosion into the city, blowing the castle into half-melted slag and rubble. Arme was no more.

She now knew that the orc attack had been provoked. A raid had been sent into the orc lands, and an almost defenseless village was destroyed. The orc that had attacked her in the barracks had lost his wife and children to that raid. A raid sent by her allies to draw the orcs to attack the city.

The food that she had seen the wizard Brend order poisoned had been taken and loaded onto wagons along with many other supplies that had been stockpiled for the siege. She had tried to warn them about the food, but one of the orcs that spoke a bit of the trade tongue had assured her it was not poisoned. The remaining wagons had been loaded with another sort of freight. They were loaded with women who the orcs had thought looked capable of being useful as 'wives' back in their home city. Women who were or would be enslaved by the orc magic. Women like Anna.

"Anna?" She heard Owa say. "Dog?" Pointing at the horse he had given her to ride. 

"Horse" she corrected him. "And no I would rather walk for a bit."

He was actually picking up the elven tongue far faster than she had expected. In the two days they had been working at it Owa had learned quite a few words. His accent was horrible and many of the words he had learned were not something he would use with anyone else. At least if he values his life he damn well better not, she thought.

..................................................................................

And now she is mad at me again, Owa thought. I ask her if she wants to ride rather than walk and she glares at me. I will never understand women.

The old blue robed healer was another problem. He apparently didn't exist. When Owa had gone to ask Jerd, the head of the healer priests with the army, if the old orc could be left behind to accompany them he had said there was no such priest. After asking around, Owa discovered that no one else other than Anna had ever seen him. He also found out that there was no order of priests who wore blue robes. There hadn't been one for centuries. A young priest he had asked about it had warned him from further inquiry into a matter that was the business of the church.

Seeing him lost in thought Gren, Owa's second in command, walked up and clapped him on the shoulder. Gren with his short stature, broad shoulders, and brutish tusked face, was the classic nightmare orc that human mothers scared their children with in stories. He was also the best strategist Owa had ever met. Gren was not a leader, but the mind behind that ugly face was brilliant. He had organized the men into scouts and guards for the march home. There were no enemy forces left to worry about, but this area was still on the frontier. Dangerous creatures and wild magic abounded here. And this man is one of the most dangerous. Owa thought to himself.

"Gren", Owa acknowledged the greeting, and then asked, "Are we all set to begin the march home?"

"Yes sir we are ready." Gren responded. "The scouts are already out and the guards are assigned positions and responsibilities. Except those cream puffs you call a squad that is." He continued with a snort. "They say that if I assign them away from guarding your back you would just go racing off to get yourself killed. That's probably true, but I just think they want to watch that little elf woman in case she bites you again. Half your squad missed it." He continued with a chuckle. "I even heard Lark was seeing if one of the translators would ask her to do it again. Seems they have a bet about it."

"Can you blame a poor orc for trying to win a bit of coin?" Asked Lark from behind them. "But just imagine all the free drinks we can get for the story."

Laughing, the rest of the squad followed Lark up to surround Owa. They were officially his bodyguards, but given Owa's tendency to rush into battle when he saw an opening he could exploit, they were more accurately described as heavy assault infantry. Owa had a talent for seeing the exact time and spot that a little extra force could break an enemy. The problem was that he insisted on leading those charges himself. Orcs varied greatly in physical appearance and traits. His 'bodyguards' were the biggest, fastest, strongest, orcs he could find. They had to be just to keep up.

"Don't look now", chuckled Jorg. "But from her expression she is ready to taste a bit more of our beloved leader's blood."

"What?" Teased Gruntruk. "Ruin such fine beauty? That would be a real tragedy."

Gren fully bared his sharp up thrust tusks and yelled. "You lot should learn to respect your betters." And then with a grin, "Ladies never bite. But if someone would lend her a dagger . . . "

.....................................................................................

Anna was confused. A truly hideous orc who had been talking to Owa had just walked over to her laughing. He now held out a sheathed dagger, gesturing for her to take it. The other orcs were all laughing now and pounding Owa on the back and shoulders. She reached out and took the offered dagger and the orcs all cheered. All but Owa, at least, who looked more than a bit put out with all the merriment that must be at his expense. Putting the dagger on her belt, she figured Owa had suffered enough. Gathering her courage, she began walking over to him with as slow and sexy a strut as she could manage. She swayed her way up in front of him, grabbed the front of his armor, and pulled him down so she could kiss him. It was a long, hot, hungry kiss. She could feel the eyes of the other orcs upon her as the kiss continued and she felt an unexpected sexy thrill at the feel, but decided that the show had gone on long enough. Ending the kiss she turned from her stunned lover and walked back over toward her horse.

She had made it about five steps in the stunned lust-filled silence when a cheer far louder than the one before came from the gathered soldiers. Turning she gave a playful wink and blew them a kiss. Owa was still bent over, staring at her, as she swung up into the saddle. 

.....................................................................................

With a shout and the groan of axles, the heavily loaded wagons and their escorts moved out. Owa walked to the front of the column, easily outpacing the carthorses, and took his spot in the lead. As his men came up around him, he noticed with pleasure that Anna had come alongside him and taken a place riding at his right. His men made a spot for her and her horse without a word.

Mounted, he noticed, she was at the perfect height to meet his eyes. He decided that he liked having her at head level, where he didn't have to look down to see her. Meeting his eyes, she gave him a smile and asked, "word?" Pointing to a wagon.

"Wagon" he said. Then he asked "word?" Struggling to make the elven word sound as musical as it was when she said it.

"Why do you bother with learning it that way?" Asked one of the mages riding nearby. 

Mages were orcish magic users, never to be called 'wizards' as to orcs that was a foul word. Orcs, as a rule, had a strong aversion to magic in any form, but many were born with the gift to use it. The problem was that having strong talents and not knowing how to use them was a good way to end up dead. One of Garak's first and hardest fought innovations had been the founding of a school to teach them how to use it safely. 

"What do you mean?" Owa replied. "Learning her language?"

"Since you are already magically linked, it would be easy for her to learn orcish in a few moments." The mage answered. "And you could just as easily learn her language."

Owa's ingrained distrust of magic warred with his desire to actually be able to talk to Anna. With some dread of what she would say when they could actually talk to each other, he asked the mage if it could be done when they stopped for the night. 

The mage stared at him for a moment, then at Anna as she rode by his side. "It is done." He said.

.....................................................................................

As the robed orc that had interrupted the conversation stared at her, Anna felt a strange surge of ideas and images cross her mind. It was like having someone speaking very fast in a foreign language inside her head. As this soundless babble grew in volume, she began understanding the words. They seemed disjointed and unconnected but she felt the meanings.

"It is done." Said the strange orc.

Owa turned and stared at her with a strange expression on his face "Hello" he said. "Do you understand me?"

She had never heard him speak elven so well. Then she heard what he had said again. "I understand orcish?" She gasped. "This wizard has used magic to teach me orcish? But I thought that was impossible."

"I am not a wizard." The young mage snapped back. "I am Barwen, a mage. Among our people calling someone a wizard is a grave insult. I suggest you unlearn that word quickly."

"But how was this done?" Anna asked. "The mightiest wizards in the five lands have said that such a thing can not be done."

"Maybe we know some things your wizards don't." Barlen said, and rode away looking offended.

His abrupt departure and his condescending manner infuriated Anna. She let loose with string of curses she hadn't known she knew.

"Um Anna?" Said Owa feeling ignored. "Are you not happy that you can speak my language now?"

She looked at him and thought about it a moment. "Yes I am." She said. She stared up into his eyes and said, "Lean closer to me Owa."

He did as she bade, more than willing to share another kiss.

And was almost knocked off his feet as her full armed slap landed on his face.

"You complete bastard." She yelled. "You raped me. You destroyed my home. And worst of all . . . you made me love you." She finished in a small, wounded voice.

His head still ringing, Owa was ashamed at the hurt in her voice. He knew that what she said was true but there was no way to undo what he had done, even if he had wanted to. Yes, he had raped her. In his burning hatred, he wanted to bring her nightmares to life. But now that hate was gone.

"Sometimes we have to choose between bad and worse." Owa said in a gentle voice. " I can't claim it was a good thing for you that I took you as my wife. But you were either going to be an orc's wife, or a corpse."

He felt shame for what he had done, but he would not give her up. He had come to love his small fiery wife in the short time he had known her. No orc in ages has known a wife who could disagree with him, and he wanted that. Anna would be a wife who could be a partner, not a slave. They would argue, fight, and disagree he had no doubts, but he actually looked forward to those fights. Having grown up seeing all women slavishly devoted to their husbands, he had found something he hadn't even known he wanted. 

"I am sorry." He said. "But I would not undo anything I have done if it would mean not having you. You do not know enough about what a normal orc marriage is like to see the truth of what I say, but I do love you. Even if we started out in hate trying to kill each other, I do love you."

Looking around he saw that his squad had backed away to give him room. It was ingrained in orcs that what passed between a husband and wife was no concern to others. Even if a man took his wife out on the street and beat her in public. Someone trying to intervene would find the wife ready to defend her husband who had just been abusing her. Owa was willing to bet his men had never seen a wife beating her husband.

Lost in thought they moved along with the wagon. Owa was trying to figure out what he could say or do to make her happy. Anna was sorting through all the conflicting emotions she was feeling. Owa's men were spread out giving them room for their thoughts. So no one was close enough to react when what had seemed empty air shimmered and a dragon appeared. 

The dragons of the frontier, unlike their cousins in the wilds, were neither huge, nor particularly smart. They were extremely dangerous, but a beast thirty meters long and about as smart as a normal being is much preferable to one three hundred meters long that is smarter. They could breathe forth magical fire hot enough to melt stone and they commanded many useful magics. This one was tiny at a mere ten meters, but it flew down at Anna and Owa far too fast for any reaction.

Looking up in startled surprise Owa started to shout "Lus-" when the dragon rammed into him, knocking his breath from his chest and bearing him to the ground. It then wrapped around him and raising its head, it roared down at him.

Anna leaped from her saddle onto the top of the beast. The dagger she had might not be much help but she might just buy the time for the guards to get to them and kill the beast. As she landed, sinking the dagger in between scales in the side of the dragon's neck the beast gave forth a pained shriek. It whipped its head up and flinging her through the air to crash into the side of a wagon, knocking her unconscious.

.........................................................

"Owa?" said Luskleor, the dragon. "I am so sorry."

Owa was sitting in a tent set up for the evening camp. Luskleor had his body curled up outside the tent and his head stretched inside so he could talk quietly. Luskleor was a young dragon, barely out of babyhood by dragon standards, whom Owa and his brother had saved from certain death when the pack of wyverns they were hunting had caught his mother and him on the ground. The friendship that had followed had led to an alliance between the orcs and the dragon clans of the area.

The dragons weren't really suited for massed combat, being large enough to make an excellent target for elven longbows, but their magic and speed had saved the day in several battles in the just passed war. Dragons got many benefits out of the alliance. They now had humanoids they could depend on to help fight off the persistent attacks of so-called adventurers. They now had people to trade with for the works of art they so greedily hoarded. And most of all, they now had people to play games with. Dragons loved games. Cards, dice, chess, anything, any game that involved luck or thought they found incredibly addictive.

"The priests said there is no real harm done Lusk." Owa replied. "You didn't mean to hurt her. It's at least as much my fault as yours. If I hadn't been letting you look like you were winning our wrestling match she probably wouldn't have stabbed you."

"You were letting me win?" the dragon responded. "You were not! There's no way! I was crushing your little green body into jelly!"

Owa shushed him and answered, "Not going to talk about it now. Go grab some food. I know the wagons have plenty. I will just stay here. I want to be here when she wakes." then with a grin, "I would hate for her to sneak out and attack you again."

The dragon gave a slightly scared look at the tiny elf where she lay wrapped up in blankets. "But you will tell her right? That I wasn't trying to hurt you? Elves kill dragons. We all know that. You will tell her not to kill me. Won't you?"

"Of course I will." Owa reassured him. He was having a hard time not laughing at the young dragon. "You just go get something to eat. I bet if you look around you will find some of the men playing cards or dicing." 

With a slightly worried look at Anna, Luskleor pulled his head out of the tent and left in search of food and games.

Owa sat there watching her sleep for hours. Most of the camp was asleep when she finally opened her eyes. She looked up at him with a puzzled sleepy smile. Her smile disappeared as she remembered the dragon. Eyes going wide she jumped out of her blankets. 

"Are you okay?" She asked her eyes searching him for wounds. "Did the guards kill it?"

"I am fine." Owa answered. His eyes were looking her over also, but not for injuries. She had been naked under the blankets. "And no we didn't kill the dragon, he is a friend of mine. His name is Luskleor, he is very young for a dragon, and he wanted to surprise me into a wrestling match. Instead he was surprised when you jumped on him and drove a dagger into his neck." Owa laughed. "He is rather scared of you at the moment, but no real harm was done."

"A dragon is scared of me?" Anna asked incredulously. "A baby dragon? And he is your friend?"

"Yes, yes, and yes," Owa answered. "It's a long tale how we ended up friends but I have known him almost ten years now. Just remember when talking to him that he knows many things, but is still just a child."

"I will try." Anna promised. Then realizing she was standing naked for anyone walking by to see she grabbed a blanket and wrapped it around herself. "What is it with orcs taking my clothes off?" She grumbled.

"We just appreciate beauty." Owa said, reaching over to close the flaps. "And you are beautiful, like a small statue of some ancient love goddess."

As the flaps dimmed the light from the outside Anna came to him. He reached down and kissed her. As they sank down on the pile of pillows and blankets, she let the blanket covering her slip away.

"This is hardly fair." Anna said with a grin. "Here I am without a stitch on, and you are fully dressed."

Owa quickly pulled off his tunic, while Anna undid his belt and pulled his pants down. As he struggled out of his clothes, she reached up and stroked his manhood. After a few moments of this, it started to respond and she took him in her mouth. 

She gently pushed him over onto his back and continued the wonderful things she was doing. She scooted her legs around so that she was facing towards his feet. Seeing what she wanted, Owa reached over and pulled her on top of him. He couldn't reach her with his tongue laying on the floor like this so instead he stroked his hands along the inside of her thighs, feeling her faint trembles of anticipation. 

Anna gasped as he stroked his fingers across her pussy. He felt her buck her hips a tiny bit, trying to push his fingers inside her.

The view of her, bent over with her legs straddling his chest combined with the feel of her mouth working it's way up and down, had him already needing to hold himself back. The moans as he put one, then two of his long thick fingers inside her had him boiling.

Realizing he couldn't hold back anymore, he started to pull her off him, but she held on. He let her stay since it was really what he wanted anyway. As his climax started shooting into her mouth, he could feel the suction as she swallowed repeatedly.

............................................

Feeling Owa's cock start shrinking back to its normal size in her mouth, Anna gave it one last kiss and scooted back to give him a chance to use his mouth on her.

He grabbed her hips and pulled her back a bit further, kissing his way along her thighs. Anna gasped in pleasure as he brought her pussy up to his mouth and thrust his tongue as far as he could inside it. Then he lifted her back up a bit and went to work licking and flicking her clit with his tongue. She wasn't sure how many hot and sweaty minutes later it was, but looking down she saw life had come back into his cock. She decided that was what she really wanted.

Pulling herself off his face, she climbed around on top to where she was facing him, and took his cock in one hand. Using that hand to guide him inside her, she slowly started rocking back and forth. Owa reached up and grabbed her around the waist. He rolled her over so that he was on top and began to thrust into her. She felt the magic start coming into her and welcomed it. The tingle she felt whenever they touched turned into a torrent of pleasure. She started bucking furiously against him.
