 Ch. 07: The Quest for Loyalty

Atrus White Lion stood on top of the hill, looking at the landscape around him. The view of the Land of Lore never bored him. The long chain of mountains in the south, the unbroken view of forest in the west, the great canyons in the east, and the fearsome stormy Northern Ocean, added wonderful touch to the realm. From where he was standing, he felt as if he was standing at the top of the world. 

Behind him was the view of the little town of Rocklin. The town was dwarfed by the vast forest surrounding the land. However, another thing also made the town insignificant. Before him was a huge mighty city wall, and beyond it, Castle Stromgarde, the capital of the Kingdom of Aragon.

Castle Stromgarde housed the royal palace, where the king resided. Beyond the walls also lay the city of Stromgarde, surrounding the palace. As the largest city in Aragon, it held the main role in Aragon's economy and military strength. Numerous outposts and fortifications were built around the city. The castle walls were among the biggest walls in Humans history.

In his mission as the Guardian's prophet, he had to forge an alliance of the five clans of the realm. To do so, he had to confront the king and his royal subordinates. However, with the war raging across the land, a passage to the capital was highly forbidden. A special request had to be made to the royal army, forcing him to spend some time in the border town of Rocklin for several days until the permission was issued. Such bureaucracy always annoyed him, but he had no choice.

Confronting the royal members would actually be the last thing he wanted to do. The Kingdom of Aragon was not as mighty as it had used to be. The royal affairs were filled with wicked and corrupted souls. Stories about back-stabbing and struggle for supremacy of power in the palace could be heard from the corner of every pub in the land. That was why he never felt comfortable when dealing with royal members. His old master, Falagor, who had been the royal advisor for many years, seemed to share the same feeling, which brought him into exile.

He heard footsteps from behind and found out that Maya had joined him on the hill. "I'm sorry if you want to be alone, Master Atrus..."

"Not at all. I can use a company, after all."

He stared at his companion. Her long dark hair was pony-tailed by a simple band with a cute black ribbon on top. Her gray body suit shaped her slim figure. The thick leather collar fit comfortably around her neck. On her belt were a number of throwing knives and a long leather-sheathed silver blade.

Maya Murdock was his... companion. However, she still insisted that she was his slave, bought from the town of Tiras to serve him forever. He never treated her as a slave, although she acted like one. But instead of being a burden, Maya was a good addition in the group. Her quick thinking and formidable fighting techniques had repeatedly saved his life.

His thought turned to his other companion, Adriana Freesland. A loyal ally, Anna was a priest and an apprentice in the art of magic. Despite their routine clashes, he found Anna easy to work with. She was a great partner and a decent fighter, but her magical ability was her primary asset. Her vast knowledge of things had been proven valuable in many occasions. Her ideals in finding the Champion of the Guardian stayed intact throughout their rough journey.

He sighed at the sight before him. Many things had happened in the past few months. Once he had been an eager young Ranger, looking for glory of his own. Then he had found Anna, who had changed his life completely. He had joined her quest in finding the fabled Champion of the Guardian. 

Then he met Maya in the town of Tiras. Despite her slave status, her heart was full of determination and dignity. She had always been there to raise everybody's spirit when they were down. She had always been there to cheer them up. She had always been there to love and be loved. Then the Battle of Gideon came.

He still remembered clearly how he had been crushed. The loss of almost the entire village and the fact that he had almost killed his friends had shocked him. For six months he had put himself in exile, working with the great wizard Lord Falagor to sharpen his skill and regain his confidence. Again, Maya and Anna had interfered, helping him to bring his lost pieces back in place again. And now here they were, the Guardian's prophets, destined to find the Champion of the Guardian. In this time of trouble, he sometimes realized how lucky he was to have both girls as his companions.

"How are your feeling, Master?" Maya's question awoke him from his thought.

"I'm fine, Maya." He answered. "At least we're not looking for a fabled man anymore."

"You're right, Master." She nodded. "I suppose the whole things would be revealed in time."

"And we'll be the among the first to witness them." Atrus agreed.

Only If they succeed, of course. He had a feeling that his task would not be an easy one. The Guardian himself had promised to aid them with his selected warriors, which he had to find from the five clans. Finding them would be another problem. However, he had to admit that the whole thing was better than before. At least now he knew where to start.

"Anyway, Master, do you want to hear a secret?"

"What is it?"

"Do you know that Mistress Anna would turn nineteen next week?"

Atrus looked at her in disbelief. "How do you know?"

She just smirked. "I peeked at her diary."

"Oh, that's goo... WHAT?!! You did that?!"

"Of course. I don't become a thief for nothing." She snickered. "I even knew that you turned twenty last month."

"You... Don't tell me... You peeked into mine as well...?"

"Of course. Happy birthday, Master..." She hugged and kissed him on the cheek...

...just as Anna appeared in the corner of his eyes. She just froze for a while before finally approaching him. She tried to act as if nothing had happened, but he noticed it. Her long golden hair was braided with a pretty red ribbon. She wore her usual priest suit, which shaped her petite body perfectly. A metal mace hung on her belt. The light wind played her hair gracefully.

"I just want to tell you that the representative from the palace is here to see you."

"I see. I will be there in a moment." Atrus said.

She froze for a while before nodding. "Okay... um... sorry if I'm interrupting something." Then she quickly went back down the hill. Atrus just stared at her for a while.

"Can't you see that she admired you a lot, Master?" Maya asked innocently.

"I know. But I just don't know what to do..."

Maya just giggled. "You're worried about me, Master? You don't need to win my love, for my heart already belongs to you. But you'll be hurting her if you keep on acting like this."

"But I just don't know what to do." Atrus said again. "I suppose I'm not very good in dealing with this kind of thing. It's not in Ranger training procedure, you know..."

"Aw, you don't have to be a Ranger to be good in love, Master. Just be yourself."

"But I don't know how to start..."

"How about a sweet birthday gift?" Maya asked. "She would kill me for reading her diary, but it's a good start, right?"

Atrus just smiled. "Thank you, Maya. Anyway, let's meet our guest, shall we."


The knight sat erect on his horse. He wore a half-plate armor and a metal helmet. His metal gauntlets and boots made clanking noise in every movement. He was flanked by three other royal guards, distinguished by their lighter chain mails and simpler helmets. The guards were armed with long pikes.

Atrus had never seen a knight in full combat suit before, and the view astonished him. Anna and Maya shared the same amazement. The armor enhanced his appearance, giving him a full hint of honor and dignity of the figure beneath it. Atrus stood before him and saluted.

"I, Atrus White Lion, hailed and saluted you, Sir."

The chuckle escaped from the metal helmet, followed by a laugh. Atrus couldn't shake the feeling that he had been insulted, but the laugh seemed friendly.

"Please, don't be too formal, my friend. We've met before, have we not?"

Atrus turned to Anna for a clue, but she was as confused as he was. Then the knight reached out for his helmet and took it off, revealing a young man of his age. His long black hair was tied behind him. His overall appearance was unknown, but his face looked familiar.

"Try to imagine me without my long hair, my friend." He challenged again.

That face... he was familiar to him! It was in the town of Tiras...

"Captain Hawk?! Is that you?!"

The young knight smiled. "Long time no see, my friends. Many months have passed since my coward action back in Tiras."

Atrus remembered him as a young captain leading a small detachment of army to patrol the southern region of Tiras. They had been jumped by a giant lizard which had devoured all of his comrades. Atrus and the girls had saved him by slaying the lizard. At that time, Captain Hawk had had his hair short.

"Long time no see, indeed, Captain. And don't blame yourself for what happened in Tiras."

"Please, my friend, call me Hawk. I'm still in debt with you." He smiled, then turned to Anna. "Miss Freesland, I recall. It's been my honor to see you again."

Anna smiled warmly. "No, the honor is all mine. And please call me Anna."

He turned to Maya. "And you, young lady, I'm sorry I forget your name."

"Maya Murdock, at your service, Sir Hawk. Please call me Maya as well."

Hawk smiled at the group. "I'm happy to see you all. When we received your request, I quickly volunteered to greet you. And I have prepared three horses for you."

The two guards quickly dismounted from their horses. Atrus climbed on one, followed by Maya. Anna just stared at them hesitantly.

"Um, Maya... Can I ride with you...? I... I can't ride a horse..."

She could notice the grin in Atrus' face, and she swore she would incinerate him to crisp if he dared to insult her, but he said nothing. Maya, on the other hand, gave her an evil grin.

"Sorry, Mistress, but I'm not very good as well. I'm sure Master Atrus would do that."

Anna turned to Captain Hawk, but he answered politely. "I'm sorry, Anna, but you won't be able to hold tight since I'm wearing this body armor. Could you ride with Atrus?"

Anna looked at Atrus with pleading eyes, knowing he would take pleasure in mocking her, but before she made the request, Atrus offered his hand, which she accepted hesitantly. When the guards succeeded in helping her to mount, she quickly clasped her hands around Atrus' waist and refused to let go.

"Anna... I... can't... breathe...!!!"

Anna loosed her grip a bit, and Atrus quickly regained his breath. Captain Hawk just stared at them, confused, but Maya giggled at the sight. Anna still kept her body close to Atrus, shivering.

"Say, Anna... -grasp- You've never ridden a horse before?" Atrus finally asked.

"I... I have... B-but I have a bad experience..."

"Don't worry, Anna." Hawk said. "Just stick around with Atrus for a while, and you'll get used to it in no time."

Anna looked at the grinning Atrus. "I really doubt it."

Atrus just laughed, then turned to Hawk. "Say, Hawk, a race halfway through the city walls?"

"You got it, my friend!"

"NO!!! I mean... Atrus, please don't... I'm scared like hell..." Anna pleaded.

"Aw, don't be such a baby! Ready?!"

"You're on, my friend!"

"NO...!!! NO!!! KYAAA...!!!"

And the race began as both horses dashed toward the city, followed by Anna's cry of terror. Maya just laughed at the sight, and then raced her horse to follow them.

The race ended with Captain Hawk as the winner, since Atrus couldn't breathe for most of the route. Anna still kept her hands tightly around Atrus. She was crying openly now. Her face was full with fear. Atrus was busy in soothing her.

"I'm sorry, Anna... I don't know you're that scared... Forgive me, okay?"

"Just... just don't... do that... again... Oh God... I'm... so... scared..."

"I suppose Atrus can teach you how to ride a horse, don't you agree, Anna?" Hawk asked.

She just nodded slowly, her hands still refused to let go. They waited for a while until Maya could catch up, then proceeded to the city, very slowly.

"So, what brings you to the palace, my friend?" Hawk finally asked.
Atrus explained the situation in detail. Anna added a few details when needed. When they're finished, they were prepared to hear a mocking response, but Hawk just stayed silent. 

"I know it's hard for you to trust us..." Anna added finally.

"No offence, my friends, but you have to understand us." Hawk answered. "If it is true that the Guardian has decided to fulfill the Ancient Prophecy, this will be the first good news heard by the royal members for at least three years. I have faith that you will not fool me, but I find it hard to believe it, and you can expect the royal members to feel the same."

"We're quite aware of that, Hawk, and we're prepared for it. However, none of us has any experience in dealing with court members. We're travelers, not politicians. Anna knew a little about negotiation and diplomacy, but that's all we know. I'm afraid I'm not that good at presenting our ideas."

"You're lucky, my friend, because you're looking at a court member right now."

"You're a court member?!" Maya asked.

Hawk smiled at the reaction. "I was just appointed as the castle defense coordinator and royal guards drill officer. My authority is still highly limited, but I have little experience in dealing with the court members. I can represent you before the king."

"You're willing to help us?" Anna's face brightened.

"Of course. A life debt lasts forever. I cannot promise you anything, but I will do my best to gain the king's approval to your plan. There are a few problems, however."

"What is it?" Atrus asked.

"To do a royal mission, you must attain the rank of knight. I can help you a little, but you have to go through several tests to prove your worthiness. Are you prepared?"

Atrus nodded. "You promised to do your best in representing us. I promise to do my part. We'll just see what the outcome will be."

The city of Stromgarde was a very prosperous city, well known for its trade. As the capital of the kingdom, many trading companies built their headquarters here. The people's lifestyle was highly dynamic, very different from those from villages. Marketplaces were in almost every corner of the place. Many people sold different kinds of merchandise on either side of the paved road. Houses were bigger and could probably fir two families along with their children inside. The road was very crowded that Captain Hawk had to enlist some soldiers' help to clear the way for them.

Outside the city laid the vast farmland owned by the citizens. The farmland was located inside the gate to increase the survivability of the citizens and the castle defenders in case of a blockade by enemy troops. Large guard towers were built along the walls and around the city to discourage the enemy from attacking the city from the air. Barracks and guardhouses blended in with the local community.

The palace itself was located in the center of the city, flanked by eight guard towers and four guardhouses. The beautiful royal garden surrounded the palace. From the road the people could see the large fountains and flowers that decorated the garden. The garden was surrounded by high steel fence with eight gates around the palace. The security was very tight, especially on each gate. Hawk explained that getting into the palace would be at least three times as hard as getting into the city itself.

The palace was large, but still considered modest for a large kingdom like Aragon. It only consisted of the main hall and eight wings. It was not very tall if compared to the adjacent guard towers. The citizens had used to be allowed to enter the palace courtyard during peacetime, but not anymore.

All four of them dismounted before the palace door.

"I apologize, but we don't have much time to relax. I have arranged your audience with the king in about ten minutes. Please follow me." Hawk gestured at the door.

"Should I come with you, Master, or should I take care of our stuff?" Maya asked.

"Come with us, Maya. I will need all support I can get for this audience." Atrus answered.

The palace main hall was huge. The high ceiling gave a spacious feeling to its occupants. Carpets covered the entire floor of the room Beautiful carvings and chandeliers decorated the hall. A pair of stairs led to the palace wings. Before them was another huge door led to the court.

The court was a big circular room walled by sculptures and statues. A glass ceiling allowed sunlight to illuminate the room. In the center of the room were three rows of circular tables.

"This is the royal court. This is where royal members and councils hold their forums."

Atrus was speechless. The tables and chairs were artistically crafted. Beautiful sculptures were all over the place. On one end of the table circles were three huge chairs. They were exceptional. Most of the surfaces were covered with gold. A pair of ivories accompanied the central chair on the sides. The seat was topped with a brilliant gemstone. There had to be the king's throne, he thought.

"You will sit here." Hawk noted at the nearest chair.

Atrus slowly sat on the comfortable chair, feeling the soft touch of leather. The handiwork was magnificent. The wooden furniture was neatly polished, as if the entire set had been made just yesterday. The tables were perfectly rounded and adjusted for his comfort.

Anna sat right beside him, sharing his amazement. As a priest, she had never felt comfortable among luxuries, but the sight overwhelmed her. These were not luxuries. These were works of art! Maya's tug at her suit awoken her as she saw Atrus looking at her. She could see the worry in his eyes.

"Anna... I'm not sure if I can pull this off... I desperately need your help in this one..."

"Don't worry... I knew a little bit about diplomacy. I will keep you informed."

Soon one by one the royal members entered the court. Anna silently introduced some of the members that she knew. Her experience with the bureaucracy when she had still been a priest allowed her to overhear some of their names and exploits. Atrus tried to keep up with her update.

"And that's General Kepfer." She noted at the old man in uniform entering the room from the east wing. His well-built body and hard expression acknowledged his experience in the heat of battle. "He is the minister of war. He also handles foreign affairs. He hates Elves, so he might oppose our mission."

Atrus nodded. He had heard the General's contribution to the war against the Elves. Strongest objections might come mainly from him. To promote the alliance, he had to convince him, or his request would not be granted.

"And that is Lord Garth, the royal advisor. He replaced Lord Falagor. He is a master alchemist and a great scholar of magic. He's a reasonable man, but unbeatable in argument."

Atrus could not clearly see the wisdom behind the mage's face. He was rather young to become a royal advisor, but appearance could fool. Never underestimate your enemies, his father had said.

"Behold, King Edward of Aragon!!"

Everybody stood up and saluted. Three figures entered the room from the south wing. The king was a middle-aged man with royal suit and long robes. A decorated crown sat on his hear, partly covered his white hair. He also had well-trimmed beard and moustache. He also wore black gloves and long army boots. His well-built figure indicated that he had been a knight before becoming a king.

He was followed by two other figures. The first one was a young man wearing a full body armor and a long robe. He was roughly at Atrus' height. He stared warily at the audience, as if there was a spy among them. The other one was a rather-fat middle-aged woman wearing extremely luxurious gown and delicate tiara. Atrus could see the rings in almost all of her finger. She also wore generous amount of make-up that made her look more like a monster rather than a lady.
