 "Do you, Robert Sebastian, take these women, Zoe and Victoria, as your lawfully wedded wives, to have and to hold from this day forward, to love, cherish, and protect, for better or worse, in sickness and health, in poverty and wealth, for as long as you three shall live?" Zoe's son Indra officiated the wedding for his mother and sister to this man, despite its lack of any official standing under Canadian law. 

"I do," Robert said, wholeheartedly, as he looked upon his two lovely brides, mother and daughter to boot...the past six months had made it clear to him that he should publicly claim these ladies as his own. 

"Do you, Zoe and Victoria, take this man, Robert Sebastian, as as your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, to love, honor, and obey, for better or worse, in sickness and health, in poverty and wealth, for as long as you three shall live?" Indra continued, beaming as he watched his mother and younger sister take their vows to this man who evidently made them so incredibly happy. 

"We do," they said in unison. 

"Then, by the power vested in me as an ordained minister, I now pronounce you man and wives. You may kiss the brides," Indra announced in his Balinese accent, which was stronger than Vicky's due to his living with his father until their falling out over this situation and his own homosexuality. 

Robert didn't hesitate to kiss Zoe and Vicky both, deeply, in fact, after which they kissed each other on the lips as well. All three kisses contained more than a little tongue, just as Indra's own soul kiss with his boyfriend Armin did. Indra Bali then went on one knee and presented Armin with a plain, if shiny ring. 

"Armin Schneider, will you marry me?" Indra proposed at last, after seven months together. 

"Naturlich," the German vice-consul accepted the proposal, asking him in turn, "Move to Germany with me or shall I stay here in Canada? We need to decide this, sooner or later." 

"Stay here, if you don't mind. Europe's great and exciting for a visit, but I find Canada more...relaxing. More comfortable, at least as a half-Balinese, half-Greek emigre. What do you think?" Indra suggested, albeit nervously, not wanting this engagement to be the briefest in history. 

"Very well, then. I shall apply for residency here in Canada once my term here is up and try to get married before then to boost our chances. Luckily, our union will be legal, unlike theirs. Do you ever thank God that you're gay?" Armin grinned as he slipped Indra more tongue. 

"God or whomever, though as a Hindu, it has its own challenges, much like you being brought up by an unreconstructed East German Communist has its issues, no doubt," Indra teased him a bit. 

"So, you guys are gay. Your sister and mother are bisexual and involved in a polyamorous triad with Robert here. Your father isn't speaking to you and you don't get along with your stepmother. What's her name again?" Michelle Le Marchand, a perky Quebecois lady who had lived in town for several years, asked Indra as the majority of guests left for the reception. 

"Hilda Bali, nee Stevenson. A vain, conceited, pretentious bitch of the worst kind. How she has our father wrapped around her little finger, I don't know, but that's his problem and I prefer to keep it that way. Those two deserve each other. Why do you ask?" Indra inquired. 

"Because it seems that to me that your family is like a subplot in a soap opera, I guess. What are your thoughts about him?" Michelle pointed to Robert, her eyes flashing in obvious lust. 

"That if you work at it, you can probably have him, too. I don't think that my mother and sister would deny you his body or his heart. He's a good man, but he's definitely not the monogamous type, as you can see. You would have to share him with them, of course. He's not going to leave them, trust me, nor should he. I'd be pretty pissed at him if he did. He's very much in love with both of them and vice versa," Indra shrugged. 

"So, which of you is Top or bottom, or do you take turns?" Mayor Renard Le Marchand, who happened to be Michelle's husband, intervened. 

"That's your concern, and not the fact that someone intimated to your wife that she can bed another man if she's willing to share him?" Robert expressed surprise at Renard's comments. 

"Who, Michelle? She fucks other men at the drop of a hat. I stopped worrying about that when she accepted my proposal, and then showed me the creampie where three waiters had just fucked her in the bathroom. She's a slut and I married her knowing what she was. Not an issue for me," Renard said, even as he slapped his wife's plump derriere, "For a polygamist, you're surprisingly prudish." 

"No, I'm not a prude. I'm just amazed to find out at times who else is not one," Robert smirked while fondling Vicky and Zoe at once. 

"I see. My question remains to Indra and Armin. Who is Top and who is bottom?" Renard repeated his query. 

"What, are you gay or something? We're versatile. We take turns at it, though admittedly, his long, thick dick takes me places that I doubt that mine does for him," Indra admitted without embarrassment. 

"Oh, you might be surprised at how great your cock feels in my ass, darling!" Armin told him while groping him, "Are you wanting to have sex with me or with Indra?" 

"Both of you, in fact. Don't be shocked. Did you really think that while my wife cavorts with strange men, I'm a little choirboy who keeps it in his pants? It's not that kind of marriage. It's just that I'm bisexual, so many of my urges are for male paramours, you see. Especially since I love to suck a mean cock and take it up the arse. I've tried Topping and bottoming, but I've learned that I'm really a bottom at heart. 

"Yes, we fuck around separately most of the time, though I've had threesomes with her on occasion, of both kinds. I've fucked seven women besides Michelle since we got engaged, but I've slept with nine men. You do the math. Honestly, I want to take you two as lovers, plus Robert, since I heard that he's bi as well. What do you guys say?" Renard asked everyone present at the Sebastian home. 

"I'm game for that. Who am I to tell my husband who he can or can't fuck? He's married to me and my mother. I think that we waved farewell to monogamy a long time ago, didn't we?" Vicky licked her lips openly at the suggestion. 

"My sentiments exactly. If Robert wants to fuck Renard, hell, if he wants to fuck Indra and Armin, that's perfectly okay with me. In fact, I think that it's very sexy as well. He can take them as lovers and I won't complain in the least, as long as he doesn't neglect Vicky and me," Zoe supported the idea of her angelic husband taking on three men. 

"And what of me? Do I get to be Robert's...maitresse? If he's fucking my husband, he should fuck me, too, oui?" Michelle asked as she brought out a cigarette and Renard lit it for her. 

"Why not? I think that would be very sexy, too," Renard offered his opinion while lighting up as well, "In case you missed it all these years, madame, I enjoy the regularity of your many affairs and the fact that you often continue with the same lovers as long as you can. I love our little arrangement, don't you?" 

"Oui, monsieur! I enjoy our rapprochement very much, our little understanding. Remember how you sucked that waiter's cock, the last one, and were sucking it when I came home to both of you in the act? I just had to join you two, of course, and I loved watching you fuck him in the arse while he ate me out! That was quite delightful! Then we showered, had a bottle of red wine together and some cheese, and then we watched a movie right before you both took me from opposite ends, you in my arse, him in my cunny! Delicious memory! Don't you recall it?" Michelle's smoky voice made it obvious that she lusted for Renard and Robert both, clearly picturing another threesome, this time including her neighbor. 

"So, you both want to be my lovers, but he also wants to bed Indra and Armin. What of my ladies, my wives? Anyone crave them? Anyone want to make sweet love to them, aside from me, of course?" Robert thought aloud, holding his two wives in his arms. 

"Me, of course," Renard offered himself gladly. 

"Well, you are French! Or French-Canadian in this case. Ladies, do you want to date the Mayor, commit regular adultery with him? You'd have my blessing for it, just as I apparently do to sleep with him and her. Your call," Robert made it clear to his women that he would back them up, either way. 

"Yes, of course, if you are fine with it!" Zoe reacted with delight. 

"Same here, honey! I love the idea of this kind of deal, this kind of affair," Vicky said as she played with both men's bulges a little. 

"I wouldn't mind sleeping with them myself," Michelle confessed, "I do like women, too, and I haven't tasted any cunny in a good while. I want to eat their pussies and their arses, too, and let them eat mine, if they wish it." 

"Well, I'm certainly not opposed to doing that!" Zoe laughed, while Vicky giggled. 

"I bet that your pussy is quite delicious!" Vicky told Michelle with a sudden kiss on the mouth. 

"They've gotten a bit used to the taste of pussy by now," Robert chuckled. 

"Good for them! And you guys, you up to bedding Robert now and then?" Michelle urged Indra and Armin. 

"Well, that's another reason to stay here, isn't it?" Armin blushed as he kissed Robert eagerly on the lips. 

"Yes, might as well have a lover in common with Mom and Sis, right?" Indra tried not to be too brazen in his desire for his brother-in-law/stepfather, the man married to both his mother and his sister. 

"That sounds very nice to me, but we do need to go to the reception, especially as it's being held in my pub," Robert laughed now, leading the group on a walk down the street to reach the tavern that he ran. 

"Well, now that we have...arrangements, I do hope to surprise you now and then at work and get some action at the tavern. What do you say?" Michelle propositioned Robert, who smiled and winked at her idea. 

"I love the way that your mind works, madame!" Robert told her, his arms around each of the Bali girls. 

"Ah, the polygamist, is it? I take it that yours isn't the Mormon kind of polygamy, at least, given the booze around here," Ellen Warham Kirby, sister to John Warham, one of the guests at the wedding who just happened to be the town's judge, scoffed a bit. 

"Ellen, really? Don't be like that! You were invited, so if you're miffed that you missed the nuptials, that's your own fault. I know that you're bitter over your six failed marriages, but that's no reason to judge and condemn a decent fellow like Robert. I would call him a solid citizen, except that he doesn't have Canadian citizenship," John quipped with his usual dry wit. 

"Aunt Ellen, this isn't a women's studies course, okay? You don't have to posture!" John's son, David, who also attended the wedding, teased his aunt a little. 

"Don't knock all women's studies courses, bro. My professor actually thinks that some men are decent people. Not sure how long before the sisterhood burns her at the stake for heresy," David's sister Chloe needled him while lightly groping his ass just as she did at the wedding. 

"Must you get all frisky with your brother? And must you two poke fun at feminism? It's not anti-male. It just champions the rights of women first, since it's women who are oppressed and any supposed grievances of men are just consequences of the patriarchy affecting them. You sound just like my exes, all of whom think that feminism is something like fascism or whatever!" Ellen sneered at her niece and nephew. 

"Well, when you condemn people for consensual relationships, what do you expect? This isn't one of your silly communities where everyone behaves the same way, likes the same things, whatsoever. Look, David and Chloe are happy together, as brother and sister as well as lovers. Their father, a judge no less, is fine with that! Robert, Mom, and I have a great connection, a bond that makes our marriage sure to last. I'm very happy with them and them with us. Look at the Mayor and his wife. They're happy with each other, and you know that neither of them keeps it in their pants," Vicky told Ellen with more than a little contempt. 

"Hey, I wasn't slut shaming anybody! Don't take me for that! I just...I just meant the idea that he controls and dominates you both, makes you both do whatever he wants, without any consideration for your needs, I mean...really, Vicky, Zoe? A harem situation? He gets to fuck both of you, maybe throws you a bone of letting you eat each other out, and that's it? You've got to otherwise be faithful to him for life? Really?" Ellen retorted, making Vicky, Robert, and Zoe all laugh at that point, as did the others. 

"I can see that attending the wedding would have helped you a bit with things, so it is a pity that you didn't go to it. It was a beautiful event, one where Robert, Vicky, and Zoe here all showed just how much they adored each other, trust me. Robert is a great man, sis. He's not a monster. Yes, he has two wives...and yes, they have each other as well. It's fantastic, if you ask me. He treats his ladies so well, too, and they treat him wonderfully. He doesn't oppress anyone. Don't make assumptions about Robert. You might be surprised by him, just as you would by me. He doesn't have double standards, unlike some other people I might know," John corrected his sister. 

"Meaning me? I don't have double standards! If men want to be sluts, have at it! I'm a sex-positive feminist, I promise, and yes, we do exist! I'm not TERF or SWERF or anything like that! I support men's rights to do with their bodies as they wish, same as women's. How can I prove myself to you?" Ellen shocked everybody by asking her brother. 

"Okay, then. I have HIV. Did you know that? I do, sis. That's a fact. I'm HIV positive and I have to keep fighting not to develop AIDS. Would you share a bong, a meal, and some beers with me, your brother, the HIV positive judge? Tankhouse Ale, perhaps?" John fought back tears, "You wonder why I'm so open-minded and accepting of everyone? Because I want to treat them as I want them to treat me. And because I've learned that life is too fragile to go about worrying about the scorn of others." 

"You're not an HIV-positive person. You're my brother, who happens to have HIV. Of course, I'll share some weed with you, along with some beer and food here at the reception! Oh, and very sorry if I...woah, what's that?" Ellen stopped in mid-sentence, as Quinn Ward, the chief of police, was suddenly attacked by a murder of crows as soon as he left the pub for to spit out his tobacco, who ripped at his flesh with their beaks and talons while he screamed in agony and fear. 

The whole crowd was stunned and panicked, sure that Quinn was doomed, while they sat paralyzed in terror. That didn't last, though, as Robert suddenly rose into the air, far above the tables, his wings growing out of his back as a flaming sword appeared in his hand and he angrily chased the crows away from the tavern. The crowd was very hushed as they took in this scene, the surreal discovery being that this was no man, this neighbor of theirs. No mere man could do that! People could hear a pin drop from the terrified patrons, even as Robert made his wings and sword vanish again, and then knelt to heal Quinn of his wounds, which were many. 

"Stand up, man!" Robert said as he reached out to help pull the police chief to his feet. 

"What ARE you? You're no mortal man!" Quinn asked in awe, while the Mayor went very pale, as did his wife, Armin, and several others. 

"I'm an angel, in case you didn't catch on before. A celestial being," Robert's eyes were quite red at that point before they returned to normal, "Be careful. The danger hasn't completely passed. The murder of crows didn't come entirely on their own. Someone has sent them, and I think that they're after me, or he or she is. They wouldn't come after people in this town for sport. This is no coincidence. I've put you all in danger, which I deeply regret. The least that I can do is stop running, face the peril down, and take the consequences, win or lose." 

Just then, a voice thundered to Robert, "I am Behemoth, the God! Let the angel Robert Sebastian come forth and face me now! I come with more crows and I will not cease until I have destroyed you. Whether this town survives depends entirely on you, Robert Sebastian!" 

"So be it, Behemoth, you sycophant! Busy bowing down to your master on his throne, like the weak slave that you are, you spineless worm!" Robert's eyes turned to pure white as he stepped out of his tavern, his wings grew out again, and his sword appeared once more. 

Facing him was nothing but a murder of crows, the largest that he had ever seen in his life, with what seemed a million crows ready to pounce on him. They all threw themselves at Robert, his sword striking at them as he flew closer toward their center. They picked and tore at him, bringing real pain to his skin even as it burned many of them up. He slashed wildly at the crows, seeking out Behemoth to smite him down. He knew that his chances were slim, but he had to fight back, and that he did. They were ripping and tearing at him, and he felt his life force being weakened, his vital strength failing him. 

Just then, however, another voice crackled and smote the murder of crows, scattering them away as if swatting flies. It was apparent that merely the voice was enough to slaughter many of the crows, clearing much of the way as its owner blazed a path to Robert's side. The crows fought fiercely still, but they were no match for this voice and its owner, who finally blasted the last of them away. When the last of the crows died, a grotesque creature, all blue, appeared in their place, before the very gaze of the audience that poured out of the pub to watch the fight. 

"Die, Behemoth! Die! I've had enough of you!" said the mysterious figure, who now took the form of a woman, ethereally beautiful as she smote the demon and prevented his continued existence in that shape, his screams ear-piercing as he faded away. 

Suddenly, the lovely woman changed shape again, becoming a cowgirl in appearance, down to denim jeans, snakeskin boots, and a cowboy hat. She turned to Robert, walked over to him, and put a kiss on his lips before putting her arms around him, much to his astonishment. Then she really started making out with him, pushing him to the ground to remove his pants and begin riding him now. She kissed him the whole time, her body pressed to his as she coupled with him, while caressing his face. 

It was the most incredible sex that Robert experienced or anyone present had ever seen before in their lives, as it took a good half-hour to complete. Only when the female entity dressed as a bottomless cowgirl with only her boots on came the last time did Robert spill his seed inside her. Then she slid off him and pulled him to his own feet, as he had done with Quinn. She kissed him again, wrapping her whole body around him for a few seconds more before addressing the crowd. 

"This man is an angel. He's a wonderful person, too! He's a great lover as well! He's wonderful and I love him! I know that he has two wives and one of them is mother to the other one. I care not. They can love him as much as they wish, can make love to him as often as they like, just as long as I get my time with him whenever I visit, and I will do so as it suits me. You can all enjoy him, for all I care. Just as long as I get to enjoy his body. As long as this takes place, I will bless this town with my favor, too. 

"My name is Azrael and I am a Goddess! I once served Jehovah, but that was a mistake! Once he started trying to murder angels who had done him no wrong, I turned against him! Angels like Robert Sebastian! Robert, please, be a free agent no more. Don't serve me, though. Serve Belial. The tide is turning and the balance is already upset. Azazel and Behemoth have died, and I have defected to Belial. Ishtar has joined Belial, too, as has Osiris. Only Prometheus remains neutral, for reasons unclear to all. Jehovah now has only one God with him beside himself, and that's Leviathan, of course. 
