 Vicky Bali never imagined just how wonderful it would feel to have Robert inside her ass. He had waited until after the shower and then licked her bottom to get her off, before he finally applied the generous amount of lube necessary to prepare her virgin asshole for his dick. She felt as if she completely merged with her mature lover.

The way that the skin of Robert Sebastian's cock felt against her colon excited Vicky almost to the point of another climax. The surrender inherent in the act of taking her man in her butt finished the job. Vicky came enthusiastically right before her neighbor did. The gooey sensation of Robert's cum leaking from her asshole was a splendid feeling to Vicky. He had fucked every hole and claimed them with his seed. She was his completely now in body as well as soul.

"Damn, this was well worth the wait!" Vicky exclaimed as she kissed Robert fiercely.

"I'm glad that you think so," Robert grinned widely and kissed Vicky back with a good deal of tongue.

"So, I really get to move in with you and work with you at the pub? Wow, that's incredible! I can't wait to be with you all of the time. I just hope that you don't get tired of me," Vicky declared with her usual exuberance.

"Hey, I seriously doubt that could happen. I only hope that your mother doesn't resent me for taking her little girl and leaving her with an empty nest. She'll probably insist on you visiting her now and then," Robert commented.

"She'll be fine, but yeah, she'll want me to drop by from time to time. I think that she'll be glad that I have a good man. If not, I'll explain to her that you're really a great catch and this is what makes me happy. Mom will understand. She just wants to protect me. She'll miss me, but she knows that it will happen sooner or later," Vicky assured her new boyfriend.

"That's good to hear, because I'm quite serious about you living with me permanently and working at the pub, as you can see. Think of how great it will be for both of us. If we want to have a quickie on our break, no one will be able to stop us. I have to warn you that might happen a lot, given how much you turn me on, honey," Robert reacted with evident pleasure.

"Promise?" Vicky winked in response and then kissed her new lover again.

"If we hadn't just had a ton of sex, I would be hard right now. Just wait until I can get it up again," Robert teased his young girlfriend. He loved how great she looked, especially au natural like this. Neither of them had seen any reason to get dressed just yet.

"I'll hold you to that, lover. In the meantime, let's go back to my place and tell Mom. The sooner it's handled, the sooner I can move in with you and start our life together. Then we can get naked again and by that point, your dick should be ready for another round," Vicky suggested, thinking that delays would not prevent any tears, merely postpone them.

"Works for me," Robert grimaced, not looking forward to the possible conflict, but agreeing in principle that it was like tearing off a bandage: do it quickly and then it hurt less.

It was easy for anyone to see where Vicky got her beauty. Zoe Bali was a lighter-skinned version of the same basic design. Her eyes were blue, just like Vicky's, but a lighter shade. Her hair was sandy, where Vicky's was a very dark brown. They might be easily taken for fraternal twins, except that Zoe's face was lined with a few wrinkles that were normal for a divorced mother her age.

She had been rather pious in the recent past, but only in a traditional, Greek Orthodox manner. She wasn't a fundamentalist type at all. Even that had eased up a bit as she became more eager to attract men again. Zoe knew that Vicky would be soon away and she wanted to be more socially active after putting that on the back burner for so long. That had caused religious devotion, or at least religious morals, to become less of a factor for Mrs. Bali than before.

It shouldn't have surprised anyone, then, how Zoe reacted when her daughter came home with Robert in tow. She had secretly lusted after him for some time, but she assumed that he was gay. Doubts had crept into her mind about that assumption, but not enough for her to see him as a likely candidate to sleep with either her daughter or herself. Zoe simply viewed Robert as eye candy or forbidden fruit. She wasn't blind about her daughter's interest in Mr. Sebastian, but she thought that Vicky was in the same boat as herself in that respect: close but far away.

"Mrs. Bali," Robert smiled at Zoe, hoping to charm her a little into cooperating with his plans for Vicky, who winked at him with mischief.

"Call me Zoe. We're both adults. So is Vicky now. Can I call you Robert? I know that she does," Zoe smiled back, feeling both nervous and aroused. She could feel the wetness between her thighs. She just hoped that he didn't smell it.

"Please do. We have to talk. You might want to sit down for this," Robert warned his lover's mother.

"Alright. What is it?" Zoe started to worry a bit.

The smile on Vicky's face should have reassured Zoe, but instead it caused her hand tremor to get worse. She recognized that smile now, and it dawned on her why Vicky had that expression. It was the look of a sexually satisfied woman. Her little girl was now grown and apparently not a virgin anymore. When did that happen? The way that Vicky looked at Robert made it clear that they were lovers. They had that special form of non-verbal communication unique to a couple.

"Mom, I love Robert and he loves me back. I want to move in with him and become his business partner in the pub. I hate leaving you behind, but I need him. Robert and I are lovers," Vicky finally stated, hoping to get it over and done with.

"I can see that. I thought that you were gay, Robert," Zoe blurted, though she had realized the truth a little before this point.

"A misunderstanding, I'm fine. I am actually bisexual. You should know that I'm not a one-woman man. I've told Vicky that upfront and she has accepted it. After all, she's figured it out already, anyway. I have multiple lovers and will continue to do so. On the other hand, I will be good to Vicky and make sure that she is safe and happy. She'll have a steady job at the pub, though she won't be able to serve drinks until she turns 19, of course.

"I love her dearly, as should be evinced by the fact I want to live with her. I've never let just anyone live with me. That distinction should prove that she's not just another notch on the bedpost, so to speak. She could never just be that," Robert explained, his smile showing an adoration of Vicky as well as a clear lust directed at both women.

"Can I move in with you, too?" Zoe asked before she caught herself. She then blushed as she realized what she just said.

"Sure," Robert answered, not blinking for even a second. He didn't even hesitate.

Both girls nearly fainted at Robert's response. He didn't look even slightly worried at the idea that his girlfriend's mother would be around. If anything, there was an anticipatory grin that left no doubt what was on his mind. Vicky and Zoe looked at each other and realized that they both desired the same man. Vicky had the advantages, but Zoe didn't mind. She was willing to play second fiddle for her daughter's sake. They exchanged glances and made a silent pact with each other. They would share him. It would be strange and awkward, but it was obvious where this arrangement would end: with both of them in Robert's bed.

"Really? Just like that?" Zoe continued, still a bit shocked.

"Yes, but I think that you know what will happen. I saw the way that you ladies just looked at each other. You've already accepted what is next. I will sleep with both of you. Hell, let's just be blunt here. We're all grown-ups. I will fuck both of you regularly. Vicky is my main squeeze, as you know, but I won't neglect either of you. It's a nice, cozy set-up, I think. There's enough room on my bed for three people. You both have needs, as do I.

"However, I owe your daughter a good fucking. After that, I will screw you as well. I have to keep my word, right?" Robert finished the job of charming the pants off his girlfriend's mother.

"Robert, baby, let's include Mom. Make it a threesome. She needs it bad, I think. Don't you, Mom?" Vicky encouraged her lover, as she unzipped his pants. Zoe helped her undress their man.

In a remarkably short time, mother and daughter were both engaged in sucking Robert's cock. When he was fully erect, which didn't take long with two women servicing him, the girls lovingly undressed each other. Vicky and Zoe snickered as they realized that this was the first time that the former had removed the latter's clothes, instead of vice versa.

"Well, honey, why don't you fuck Mom? She'll be hooked before you know it. Mom, just relax, please. You're wet, so just let him take you right now," Vicky urged them.

Robert didn't waste time. He picked up the divorcee with incredible ease, even given her petite size, and put her in a better position on the couch. Vicky sat in the closest recliner, stroking herself as she watched her mother get their new lover's cock inside her. Zoe's breathing was soon heavy and husky, as she reacted to the fantastic pleasure of this nice, hard dick in her pussy. It was uncut, of course. That was pleasantly familiar to Mrs. Bali, since she had grown used to her ex's foreskin.

None of that mattered after a few more minutes of Robert inside Zoe. Vicky's mother couldn't keep any semblance of self-restraint or modesty. She was completely enslaved by the hard cock pounding her cunt. She didn't worry anymore about her daughter watching her. She didn't care about anything but the wonderful strokes of Robert Sebastian as he invaded her continually. Zoe loved being taken like that. She found it impossibly good as he plundered her with his cock.

She also knew that she wasn't on the Pill and that this was her most fertile time. That idea was the immediate cause of her first orgasm since her divorce. Zoe thus revealed that she tended to shiver when she came, something neither Robert nor Vicky knew about her. This level of positive feedback was the last straw for Mr. Sebastian. He came and knocked Mrs. Bali up, though he didn't know that part yet.

"Thank you, Robert. That was unimaginably good! I just hope that I haven't cheated Vicky of her next turn with you," Zoe kissed Robert gratefully.

"It's fine, Mom. I loved watching the two of you together, and I even came touching myself while he fucked you so damn hard. You really enjoyed it, didn't you, Mom?" Vicky soothed her mother's fears about depriving her daughter.

"What a selfless daughter you've raised, Zoe! See how great she is. You should be proud of her," Robert praised his women with profound sincerity.

"Yes, she's an impressive young woman, isn't she? Okay, Vicky, if you can get him hard again, here's your chance for another roll in the hay," Zoe winked at her daughter. If this was what Vicky got every night, both of them deserved such joy.

"Damn straight! Robert, can you get it up again? Need help?" Vicky inquired hopefully.

Zoe winked at her daughter and grabbed some toys from her hidden box in the cabinet under the bathroom sink. She hadn't used these toys in a long time, but she had never gotten rid of them in her most devout phase. Vicky had actually played a little with them, so she knew what her mother was about to hunt down. She became moist with anticipation as Zoe proved her right by returning with a vibrator, some lube, and the real surprise: a butt-plug. Not even Vicky knew about that one, as it was a recent acquisition from a mother lately reverting to her wild ways.

"Lie down, baby. Let me take care of you. Robert will be hard as a rock pretty soon. I guarantee it," Zoe whispered to her daughter as she spread her cheeks and lubricated both holes.

Vicky became very slick when her own mother began filling her at each end with the toys. The forbidden ecstasy of Zoe's touch enthralled her and she bucked her hips automatically in reaction to the double penetration by her flesh and blood. Zoe, for her part, became extremely damp in her pussy as she understood what she had really done. She had sodomized her own daughter and Vicky had loved it. It was obvious that the kinks that Zoe had buried for years had been passed on to Vicky.

"Vicky, darling, do me the same way, please! Take my ass the way that I took yours!" Zoe pleaded with increasing need after Vicky came from the two-pronged assault on her body. Mrs. Bali's lust was totally free to assert itself now and she wouldn't let taboos stop her from enjoying the pleasures of the flesh, even those of mother-daughter incest.

Vicky hesitated, but realized that Zoe was in earnest. She eased the plug into her mother's asshole and then slipped the other vibrator into her cunt. By now, Robert was more than ready and he demonstrated this fact by entering Vicky from behind. It took a great deal of focus to keep from stopping, but Vicky wanted Zoe to cum for her. The threesome was now in full gear and it was fantastic. Nothing felt as good as this before to either of the women and Robert certainly had no complaints.

Zoe came next, but Vicky and Robert followed her scant seconds afterward. It was just too intense an encounter to prevent such a mutual release. It finally relieved the fierce sexual tension among the trio. There was no question now that they were all lovers, which the girls proved by licking each other clean of all fluids. If Robert could have gotten stiff yet again, this would have done the trick. As it was, he was content for the moment to watch the beauty of the Sapphic act in front of his eyes. The bond between mother and daughter was now indivisible. They belonged to each other, just as they did to Robert and he to them. The circle was absolutely complete now. Three were one at last.

So Vicky spent her last night at her mother's, lying in Zoe's arms but spooning with Robert. It was a transition so wonderful that none of them could have pictured it. The angel next door had brought mother and daughter together in a special way that also united them in his service. He owned both of them and they loved him for it. Tomorrow, they would begin the move, but that night sealed their menage a trois forever.

It was just the beginning of their wonderful life together, though it wasn't to be without its risks and tragedies.