 The Order

She had never been one for socialising, 28 and still a virgin, extremely shy around other people and even worse, when a man would dare speak to her. But she wanted to feel the touch of a lover so badly and the ungodly thoughts she had while sleeping were very extreme - and getting moreso.

She lived a frugal life, spending her money on just what she needed to live and as she never went out to socialise, she had amassed quite a sum of money as her savings - the only items she spent her money on was her underwear. She loved the feeling of knowing that she was wearing the sexiest of lingerie, beneath her very ordinary clothes, when she was at work or doing her weekly shop.

One evening, she was surfing the internet, when she came upon an advertisement for what was termed an 'android lover'. She clicked the link to the website and there she learned that she could in fact buy an android to her specification; skin colour, height, body type - all the prerequisites to build her perfect man, but she had no experience of men so only knew what she like the look of...and she had plenty of experience of what she liked the look of thanks to the internet. The various fetish and online soft porn sites she viewed every evening had saved her sanity on many occasion. She was going to take the plunge and use some of her savings to buy this product, although at the better part of £100,000 it seemed a little excessive. She would sleep on it.

Her dreams that night were more extreme than ever - scenarios of shiny plastic and black latex stretched tightly over manly bulges, muscles, shaved bodies, a man with a very thick penis was carrying her somewhere and she was helpless as her clothes were torn from her by unseen hands.

Waking up the next morning she knew exactly what she was going to do and decided she would go ahead and buy this 'perfect man'. It would take two weeks from order and payment to delivery so she set to work, marking down on the website what she wanted her man to be. Then there was the long wait.

The Delivery

It was a Saturday morning, when there was a knock at her front door. Two delivery men stood at her door with an unmarked box van behind them in the road, they had beside them a large steel box with curved edges. She told the two delivery men to stand it in her front room. She signed for it, and they left. She sat for a long time, staring at the large steel box. After what seemed like hours and many thoughts he eventually picked up the instructions and started to read.

There was a large green button on the front of the box which the instructions directed her to press, in order for the registration of her android to start. She pressed the button, it slid inwards and a soft 'click' told her she had actives something. Straight away, the box opened slowly. The two halves of the front slid back into the sides of the box, to reveal her android.

She scanned him from head to foot, without touching him and she was unsure about his appearance, as no skin was showing. He was wrapped in a skintight bodysuit, made from some kind of plastic; covering his face, his torso, right down to his feet. But first impressions were very pleasing, as she could see the shape of his body - 6 feet tall, broad shoulders and well muscled. The bodysuit's material accentuated every curve, with zippers ready to undo, at various parts of his body. It looked so good on the android, she almost thought it would be a shame to take it off.

She stepped forward and unzipped the plastic which was covering his face. Firstly, she could see pale white skin, smooth chin, full lips, a straight nose and strong brow. Best of all, there was no hair - she really hated body hair and wanted her man to be completely hairless. The android was beautiful and smooth, she could feel the excitement running through her, as she unzipped the other parts of his suit. Soon she had his top half uncovered. He had a wide broad chest with well-muscled flat stomach, large arms and hands.

She knelt down on the floor in front of the android's feet and gripped the zipper at his waist. She lowered her gaze and could see the large bulge between his slightly parted thighs, the shape of every part was visible. She hadn't known what to ask for on the order form, so when asked how well endowed she would like him to, be she had chosen 'large' and the android certainly seemed to have plenty packed in down there underneath the plastic wrapping.

She started to pull the zipper down and saw the start of a thick fleshy appendage. She unzipped some more and it sprang out. This seemed very big indeed. She knew nothing of men, but she'd seen images on the internet and this was big. She continued to unzip and the large orbs of his balls hung down between his legs. She had also asked for these to be large, as she liked it when she saw pictures of men with a nice large bulge cupped between their legs. The android's penis was as thick as her wrist and as long as her hand, from fingertip to wrist - and the sac of his balls was the size of a grapefruit...she felt excited at the prospect of his touch.

She unzipped his legs and removed all the plastic covering from him, then stepped back to view his whole body. She was very impressed and she was especially curious to see how big that large flaccid penis would get. Thinking about this gave her a dull pleasant ache in her groin. His body was completely hairless as she had requested and completely smooth - not a blemish in sight. She stepped forward and touched his chest. It seemed to be made of a smooth, warm rubber material (with a heartbeat?). She pressed and felt the hard springiness, much like muscle. She ran her fingernails down over his stomach, over his hip and down his thigh. She wanted to be naughty and touch him down there, but couldn't quite bring herself to do it.

She sat down on the sofa and stared at her new toy and imagined what kind of lover he would be; how he would feel kissing her and caressing her skin. She sat back and straightened her legs - she could feel the tight velvet of her underwear, pushing up into her sex and bunch between her buttocks, as she slid down forward onto the floor. She sat there staring, pushing her skirt up over her knees. She let her fingers slide underneath and up her thighs until she could feel the soft velvet tightly stretched over her sex. She was excited because it felt damp against her fingertips, as she traced her lips slowly with her long well-manicured fingernails. She decided to stand up and see what this android penis felt like.

She knelt in front of the android's feet and moved her hand up to gently cupped his balls, weighing them in her hand and feeling their considerable size, she squeezed lightly and saw that the penis was growing. She squeezed harder and it got thicker and longer, rising upwards - just how big could this get? She went to the kitchen and got the measuring tape from the sewing box - unfurling slowly and watching the inches as they were revealing and noting how long each measurement was.

Some time went past with her squeezing and measuring, squeezing then measuring some more and when the jutting penis was ten inches long and seven inches around its circumference, she thought she'd better stop. Her heart was racing and she was flushed and very damp - this was a magnificent beast and she was sure it could get even bigger as the rubbery flesh covering it didn't seem stretched at all... But she didn't want to break it.

Was this how she had to work his erection or would it be automatic when she activated the android?

The rest of that evening she just sat on the sofa staring at this very pleasing sight, almost rubbing herself raw and only stopping when the occasional orgasm and her racing thoughts made her body spasm. Eventually, after many hours she showered and applied some almond oil to her very red sex and went to bed - her dreams were erotically charged and in it she was being awoken by her android stroking her body through the duvet, pressing harder and pushing her into the bed until it swallowed her and she was flailing naked in a bottomless dark pit of warm oily water. She snapped awake and looked around her.

Everything was as it should be - no android - no oily water - just her in the warm safe bed. Today was the day she needed to find some clothes for her new toy as the plastic covering he came wrapped in was now ruined.

She went into the lounge and her android was as she had left it, his penis had deflated and hung down between his legs - still very thick and smooth. She would need to buy something to keep that in place, but where? She was far too shy to buy men's underwear, she would have to make something until she ordered some clothes from the internet.

First, she must switch him on, make him more 'human'. The instructions told her to press a small button on the back of his neck (almost like a flesh-coloured mole), it had a sliding cover so he wouldn't be switched on or off accidentally. She found the button and pressed.

Looking up she saw his eyes open, they were a beautiful sage green and so seductive. She stepped back and he moved forward out of the box, his body was firm and the muscle tone just like a real body, his movements fluid. He stood in the middle of the room and she walked around to inspect him from behind, a very cute butt and such smooth skin, a broad strong back which she was very tempted to touch but didn't. She could feel herself tingling between her thighs again but refrained from touching her still tender sex even though it ached for her probing fingers.

She showered and dressed, putting on some very special lingerie because she felt so excited, opening her underwear drawer she looked at all of the colours, materials and garments, her fingers played with the silky gossamer of the silk, the smooth shiny feel of pvc and the stretchiness of the spandex...all were very exciting to wear but she opted for the spandex vest top and hi-cut briefs, something she had bought to go to the gym but of course never did. They were bright red and very stretchy - pulling the vest top over her head she adjusted her breasts into place and stepped into the briefs, pulling them up over her smooth legs she pulled them high around her waist, making sure they cupped her buttocks and were comfortable for all types of movement.

She put on a pair of loose fitting denim dungarees, hooked the straps over her shoulders and went into the lounge. The android stood still, feet apart and hands at his sides, his eyes moved to follow her as she entered.

She walked up to him and let her fingers move to his hand, the fingers were large and long, the hand square palmed and thickly padded. The android moved his hand up to her face and gently stroked her hair, caressing her neck and moving his fingertips to trace the shape of her lips. She opened her mouth and let his middle finger slip inside, gently feeling the edge of her teeth and the soft wetness of her tongue - all the time staring with inquisitiveness at her face and reactions.

She instinctively kissed his finger as it moved out of her mouth and she glanced down at the long penis between them...it was growing again but this time because he was touching her.

The android unclipped the button of her dungarees and it fell away, unclipped the other one and the dungarees fell to the floor, the heavy denim pooling around her ankles. She felt exposed, she'd never been this undressed in front of anyone for years, since she was a child and felt embarrassment and a sense of freedom at the same time. The android lowered his hand and the large knuckles brushed the smooth red spandex covering her breast, the more he brushed the harder her nipples became and pointed through the fabric. She was starting to feel herself swoon with pleasure and stepped out of the dungarees, her feet slightly apart wishing for him to touch her between her thighs.

The android moved his gaze downward and his fingers touched the wide waistband of the smooth red briefs just covering her navel, he ran his fingertips over her tummy and felt the spandex, moving his fingers down they stroked the slight mound of her sex and she whimpered and closed her eyes, her legs starting to shake slightly...she looked down and saw his penis, it was larger than she had made it the previous evening and almost stood straight up, she could see it pulsing as the large round head touched her breast.

She looked down at this monster, the head as large as a small apple and it's shaft as thick as her forearm. There was something terrifying about the look of it but also so sensual. She let out a small yelp as the android picked her up in his arms and walked slowly to her bedroom.

The room was flooded with light as the morning sun shone through the window. The android lay her on the bed and stood over her, his smooth hairless body casting a shadow as he stared down and scanned her face with the long thick appendage standing out between his thighs pointing upwards and the large round sac of bis balls hanging down beneath it.

She lay there staring at its hugeness, completely smooth with no veins or creases, but skin toned and hard. Her gaze followed its length down to the large round sac hanging underneath, it was very large and smooth, still the same size as a grapefruit. She raised her hand and let her fingertips caress his inner thigh, moving upwards to the smooth sac, tracing its shape and moving onto the thick rod of the android's penis - it seemed to be made of the same rubbery material as his torso and was hard yet springy.

The android sat down next to her on the bed and placed one of his large hands on her tummy, stroking the wide waistband of her briefs he moved his fingers down to between her thighs, feeling the soft fleshy mound of her sex, pressing her spandex covered lips with his thumb and making her moan. She closed her eyes as the android's fingers massaged her, instinctively moving her legs apart as he pressed harder and faster - she could feel the orgasm rising inside, her body starting to shudder and her hard nipples irritated by the tight spandex. At last her body was wracked with a huge orgasm, heart racing and flushed neck, she could feel her back arch as the androids fingers pressed the tight spandex inside her, rubbing and and pinching, twisting and stroking - she was shocked at how loud her scream was when climax came but was unable to quiet herself.

She lay there feeling so aroused that she didn't know what to do next, she looked down at the anrdoid's massive erection and smiled wickedly. The android must have picked up her electromagnetic pulses and chemistry change as it stood up and gently gripped the red briefs at either hip, sliding them down her thighs and off her feet.

The android picked her up and held her in his arms outstretched in front of him, he sat down on the bed. She knew what he was going to do and a part of her felt fear but another part was so excited, she looked down below her body and saw the android's long thick penis jutting upwards, she opened her legs and the android very slowly lowered her body down. She could feel the first touch of his thick shaft brushing against her wet lips, he lowered her more and the first few inches slipped inside, she could feel herself being stretched - a mixture of pain and pleasure as more of this huge rod entered her body and she was going to orgasm again! This can't happen, fear doesn't go hand in hand with sexual pleasure - but it does, the more of the android's penis slipped inside the harder her orgasm. She sat on his stomach, straddling his body and slowly moved down and up - down and up, the grinding of this motion made her feel so wonderful - she had never had anything inside her before and it made her feel so good. She couldn't take all of him as it started to hurt when she moved down too much but once she found the right movement for her she didn't want to stop.

Palms flattened against the android's wide chest she rhythmically rode him, slowly sliding him in and out, feeling him fill her up and pressing all the right nerve ending inside her. She rode his large penis until she had no more energy, she reluctantly raised herself up and off, feeling empty inside as the soreness began - soreness which was painful but also left her feeling ecstatic. She lay down next to the android and let him caress her tired body to sleep, she never dreamt that night, just slept soundly with not a trouble in the world.

The Next Day

Today she would have to get him some clothes...

She awoke the next morning, well rested but a little sore between her legs. The android was in the room, standing at the window looking out into the bright sunshine, she lay there watching him, looking at the curves of his broad back and the roundness of his tight buttocks - then she remembered the curtains were open and he was naked. She jumped out of bed and pulled the curtains closed just in time to see a large middle aged woman standing in the street staring at him with her mouth wide open, her small ignored dog yapping at her feet.

She looked down and admired the smoothness of his pale skin and of course that large appendage hanging down between his legs. She wanted him so much even at this time of day but decided it was best to dress him in something. She was unsure about shopping for men's clothes so decided she would use her imagination to keep his gorgeous penis and balls from harm's way - until she was ready to actually buy him some clothes.

All it needed was something to keep his bits from harm, she also liked the thought of keeping his body exposed. After some thought she went into the kitchen and returned with a roll of black plastic bin liners and a pair of scissors. She unrolled them and tore one off, this would look very good as well as be functional - she smiled and imagined him wrapped in this. She went to the bedroom and returned with a wide leather belt, sure it would fit his taught waist - she put it around his midriff and tightened the buckle, it was black and shiny very much like the bin liners. She tucked the bin liner into the back of the belt and brought it through his legs, tucking his long penis under his balls she pulled the bin liner tight and tucked it under the front of the belt. She looked down at the tight plastic and the 'sexual shapes' beneath...she pulled tighter and the large bulge between the android's thighs made here want him again.

She stood back and felt that tingling in her tummy again because this android looked very hot, she could see every line of his large penis through the plastic and his balls made for a very impressive bulge...she stepped forward and touched his chest and it felt very smooth, she couldn't help herself and let her hand run around his back and down over his buttocks and the thin plastic that half-covered them - the shiny material was so tight and the edging of the bin liner dug into his rubbery skin until it arced up into the wide leather belt around his waist and then down the front where that large bulge separated his thighs. She traced this edging and her fingers moved down the front and cupped his balls. 

She was almost overcome with desire and her breathing was short. She asked him to lay on the bed and he do as he was told - arms at his sides and legs slightly apart. She started to kneed and squeeze his balls to see what happened to his penis while it was trapped inside the bin liner...sure enough it stated to thicken and lengthen, the thin plastic got visibly tighter and stretched to the point of tearing. This was turning her on so much, she just kept squeezing, one hand at each side of h=the android's balls and the long curved penis between...watching him grow until she suddenly orgasmed just by looking at him.

The android stared up at her and opened his mouth, the tip of what must be his tongue slipped out, it looked like a human tongue but she saw it was much longer with large ridges running up each side, rippling. The android took her hand and brought her close to him, closer still until she had to straddle his body to stop from falling over...he pulled her closer still and found herself kneeling either side of his chest, her body sliding towards his head. She let herself slide and his face disappeared underneath her nightdress and she felt his lips kiss her smooth sex. She moaned and jumped slightly as his tongue slipped inside her, flicking and moving deeper, those rippling sides making her wetter by the second as he slid further in...