 Note to readers, this chapter contains gays sex, so any of you who are awkward with that, you have been warned ;)

.............................................

Lilith snuggled closer to the warm body beside her. His blond hair stuck to his back, as perspiration continued to trickle from his skin. 

I did that, she thought merrily to herself. Her fingers ran through his feathered white wings, her black leather wings fluttered with the arousal that continued to tingle through her body. She had been without him for far too long. 

Her hand ran over the swell of her stomach, where their child moved with life. Silently she wished the babe would be a demon. 

Michael shifted in his sleep, pulling his wife into the protection of his arms. Lilith nibbled on his throat, drawing blood. He never liked for her to feed on another. And his blood was always so sweet. 

Just then the door flew open. Never in her life had Lilith been so embarrassed, it was too much of a human emotion. But to have your child enter your room as you lay naked tangled with the husband you never should have mated with was not the greatest feeling on earth.

"Mikhail has had another makeover." She said dryly quickly hiding her mortification, her snakes that lay at the foot of the bed raced over her body creating a crimson gown.

Mikhail wished someone would burn his eyes out, his father chuckled uneasily before engulfing his son in a hug. Abigail wouldn't have believed it if she hadn't seen it. 

Michael barely looked older than Mikhail, yet there was the tender look of a father to his child. 

"I told you it would work Lilith. I told you once he found his mate the repressed magic would flow and create a pure hybrid. No more voices eh son." 

Michael made loco motions with his hand. Lilith slapped her husbands arm teasingly, and then inspected Mikhail for herself. 

"He still looks like an angel to me, but as long as he is fine. I owe you, I will stay here for another week." She sighed with resignation. 

Abigail smiled at the glint in Lilith's eye, the demon didn't seem to be upset about that prospect. 

"You mean to tell me that you knew I would be at peace once I mated? That's why you caused me that much pain?" Mikhail growled. Then blasted both his mother and father. 

The dust cleared revealing them lying five feet away. Michael laughed in earnest. 

"That's my boy." The angel and demon vanished, and the room returned to normal. 

"And I thought the Addam's family was dysfunctional." Abigail joked, but quietened when she saw the hurt look on Mikhail's face. "They were thinking of you Mikhail, you can't fault them for that."

"No? Well I disagree, they should have told me instead of me thinking they hated me." Abigail wrapped her arms around Mikhail, hoping that the small gesture would show him how much she felt for him. 

He took her hair into his hands and rubbed it against his jaw. 

"Come, I may as well introduce you and my new self to the rest of the family." 

...

They reached a large domed room, where tens upon tens of angels sat. Eating, drinking, laughing and singing they were quite rambunctious for angels and that surprised Abigail. 

She had assumed they would be gentle soft creatures, the thought caused her to blush as she remembered her time with Mikhail, there had been nothing soft about their love making. No, angels were much like humans she realised.   Jibril had been sitting at the table beside his father and his uncle when a hush fell about the room. He saw them hand in hand with nervous smiles on their faces. 

Mikhail was different somehow, a mixture of angel and demon, he was dark and light not half and half and the new look added to the pain Jibril felt in the very depths of his soul. Had Mikhail found his salvation in the arms of a human? He rose from his seat not caring that it crashed to the ground causing people to stare. He fled from the room not caring what they thought.   Lilith whispered something in Michael's ear, then also left the room. She found her nephew beneath a fountain, tears running down his cheeks. She sat beside him and picked a flower which instantly began to wither in her hands. She was after all a demon. 

"It hurts Aunt Lilith, I know you said I would find someone but it hurts." Lilith didn't know what possessed her to but she pulled the man into her arms. She had known him as a child, knowing he was destined to love her son.

"I have no words for you Jibril, in all honesty if I knew it would make my son happy I would blast the human where she stood. I think apart from your mother I have liked no other. But because Mikhail loves her dearly then I too love her dearly." 

Lilith pulled his face closer to hers so that she could search his eyes. 

"I see a future for you Jibril, I see you happy with a dark man who has love only for you." Jibril sniffled slightly allowing his aunt to pull him back into her arms. 

...

Mikhail walked to the large table that seated the king of this kingdom. His father looked at him pensively as did all those who were housed in Soledad. He felt Abigail quiver beside him, and he admitted only to himself that he too was frightened beyond reason.

"This is my wife Abigail, Queen of Albion." The angels were silent for a moment before they burst out laughing. 

"Fool of an angel has cursed himself once again." One laughed. 

"Aye, first to be born to half angel half demon, then to be married to a Queen of mortals."

"Can you imagine their children, we all saw how twisted the cursed prince was, his children will be more than deformed." And the insults continued. 

Abigail felt tears spring to her eyes. How could they be so cruel!

"I truly believe the poor Queen has been duped. Perhaps we shall return her home before the Binding fortnight begins." They burst out laughing once more. 

Abigail looked to where Michael sat, imploring him to stop their taunts and harsh words. 

"Do not waste your efforts, my love he cares not for the words that spew from these bastard's." 

The venom in Mikhail's voice scared her, but at least she understood why he acted as he did. You can only kick a dog so many times. 

"And none of you are worth the dirt that lies beneath his feet, so what does that say about you?" Abigail and Mikhail turned to where the voice had come from. 

The man was tall and built with curling black hair and leather wings that reached the back of his knees, by his side stood an equally dark man with purple wings that reached his waist. His hair was a dark blue that was longer than his wings. They stood back to back both with swords in their hands. 

The angels snarled and to Abigail their golden beauty looked warped as fangs she never knew they possessed flashed against the setting sun. The men launched forwards yelling with such ferocity the walls shook. 

"What is happening?" Abigail asked. Mikhail had a strange smile upon his lips, and laughed as an angel was slashed. 

Abigail cringed and instantly Mikhail felt her discomfort. He flapped his wings using one to shield her from the carnage. An angel snuck behind the black winged demon, Mikhail seeing this blasted him when the dust cleared there was nothing left except his ashes. Abigail felt something being pushed into her hands. 

They were her sai's, she looked up at Mikhail who had a stern look upon his face. 

"Don't get killed Abby, you haven't fulfilled an eternity by my side nor borne children for me to hold." He kissed her gently then joined the fray. 

Abigail knew what she had to do yet when ever an angel tried to attack her it rebounded of an invisible field. 

"I would not have my son's wife killed over senseless words. However the angels have never fought with him like this." Abigail swore at Michael, though silently grateful he was protecting her, angels were being wounded, many were being killed. 

Mikhail took a hit to the shoulder then the stomach. Abigail cringed wanting to go to him, yet Michael held her to him.

"They will not kill him." Michael said nonchalantly. 

Abigail did not feel the same way as another bolt sent him flying through the air. The black winged demon twirled the sword around him effortlessly stabbing at the angels which caused them to stagger away. 

"Brother." Marcus abandoned the fight to help him up, he had taken quite a beating but he knew Mikhail was a fighter. 

After all the torture their parents had put him through it would be foolish for him to die now. 

Another blast came their way but Malcolm was quick to deflect it.   Abigail choked back tears as she saw the blood pouring from his wounds, her heart and chest throbbed, as his mate she could sense his pain, like a minor discomfort. 

"Brother enough, stop them." A gentle voice said, if Abigail could be fooled again she would have thought that he was a woman, but the likeness to Jibril was too great. 

This was the husband of her father's sister, Gabriel. He stood nobly, his platinum blond hair flowed to his waist the blue silk of his shirt hugged every contour of his chest. 

But as he began to walk towards Mikhail, Abigail felt suddenly wary. Gabriel's words had distracted Michael and Abigail escaped his hold. She reached Mikhail just as another volley of psychic blasts hit him, a shield was wrapped around her. Feeling a cool touch she found herself back in her home in Albion.

...

Abigail was disorientated, who had grabbed her and where was Mikhail? As the grogginess cleared from her mind her heart began to pick speed as she was filled with anxiety. Abigail tried to pull away from the strong arms surrounding her put it pointless they were like steel.  "Shh, he's fine." The lilting voice reassured her, turning her slowly so that she could see Mikhail lying upon the bed. 

His demon brother Malcolm was covering him with a royal blue bed cloth, sweeping strands of stray hair from his face. 

This was Abigail's first good look at her brother-in-law, since he was Mikhail's triplet it was not surprising that they looked alike. But Malcolm had black hair, and leather wings unlike Mikhail who had feathered grey wings. 

Malcolm's hair was dark, curly and short, Mikhail's hair was fair, long and straight but they still had that stubborn brow and arrogant jaw. 

Malcolm turned to her and she could see the darkness of his eyes like twin onyx orbs. 

"Darius you can release her now." If she didn't know any better she could have sworn he was jealous of Darius's hold, as if he didn't want him touching anybody. 

But that didn't matter, Mikhail needed her. He was pale, his skin glistened with sweat, his body shaking as he murmured incoherent words. Abigail slipped into the bed with him, hugging him close promising him she would lay beside him and wait for him to awaken.    Malcolm took Darius's hand pulling him from the room. He was lucky to have found love with this demon, the mark over his heart itched with the knowledge that Darius was near.

"You shouldn't be so jealous of a mortal and a female. I will never leave you, I'm not like Morgan. I will not break your heart because someone comes along and offers more. It was you I chose and you who will stay by my side always." 

Darius a few inches shorter than Malcolm walked up to him and kissed him. The taste of Malcolm always set his heart racing, he felt a burning in the bottom of his gut. He could feel Malcolm's arousal against his stomach and yearned to be beneath him, letting him love him.

"We have to find a room." Malcolm breathed harshly, before dragging Darius into his arms again, flashing them into an empty drawing room. 

The two demons couldn't for the life of them remove their clothing, their need for one another was blocking out their ability to use their powers.   Malcolm released the button of his trousers as Darius did the same. Their lips still locked together, their tongues caressing one another. Darius wrapped his legs around Malcolm tilting his hips so that Malcolm had access to his opening. They both hissed as Malcolm filled Darius all the way to his hilt. 

Darius clung to Malcolm as he began his steady thrusts, they stumbled slightly and in perfect unison drifted with the use of their wings to a wall where Darius was easily supported. As Malcolm began to thrust harder ad deeper Darius sank his fangs into Malcolm's neck feeding on his sweet, red nectar. 

Malcolm growled as a mad rush of lust ran through his veins, with barley reigned excitement he bit into Darius's throat his hand trailed over the material of his doublet. Malcolm cursed silently wishing away the offending garment that kept him away from his lovers skin. 

The clothing vanished, Malcolm finished drinking then began to graze Darius's flesh with his fangs, taking a nipple into his mouth, his hand trailed to Darius's throbbing member, stroking the hard, silky organ back and forth timing them with his thrusts. 


Malcolm knew Darius would never leave him, Darius was his, and he belonged to Darius.    Darius cried out as Malcolm gave one final thrust, his breath unsteady coming out in short puffs. Plunging his hands into Malcolm's curly hair he kissed him again before nipping his bottom lip sucking at the blood he had drawn. 

"Don't doubt me again Malcolm." He said grinding himself against Malcolm who had begun to harden again. 

...

Lilith bristled with anger. Yes it was true she and Michael had never been warm towards Mikhail, she had doted on Malcolm, and Michael had doted on Misha, but because Mikhail had been both angel and demon, neither could love him. 

Beneath her anger was guilt and self loathing. She hated the fact that she treated her child like that, used him as her scapegoat, whenever she had to leave Michael, or when she and Michael fought. 

To goad each other they had repressed his powers, so that within their presence he could only take form of an angel or demon. 

Lilith paced the room glaring at any angel who glanced her way. They knew better than to annoy her when she was mad.    Michael flew into the domed hall, landing as gently as possible he walked passed his wife silently, so that she wouldn't see him.

"I know you are there." She snarled as her snakes hissed with the same anger she felt. Aurora and Nix, her twin granddaughters who had been playing by her feet looked up. 

"Grandpapa, grandmama says you are in trouble." Aurora said shaking her head with a mixture of disappointment and fear for her grandfather. 

"Uh uh, that's not true, grandmama said she would skin him alive and make us new shoes with his hide and our laces made with his intestines." Nix said, proud that she had remembered Lilith's precise words.

"Yay new shoes." Aurora and Nix began skipping around the hall, golden hair flying everywhere as they started to flap their wings, lifting into the air. 

"They are right, how could you let them attack Mikhail!" Michael flinched, he didn't want Lilith to be upset, he wanted only her happiness.

"My brother is a fool, that is why you should have mated yourself to me." Gabriel pushed his brother aside roughly, tugged Lilith into his arms and kissed her. 

Michael grabbed his older brother by the collar hauling him away from his wife. Green eyes flashing with anger. Lilith chuckled pulling Michael into her arms. 

"You always know how to make me feel better Gabriel." She smiled over Michael's shoulder as he steered her towards their chamber. Gabriel huffed flicking invisible lint from his clothes. 

"You should have gotten to her before him." Jibril said a twin by either side. 

"Yes but at the end of the day I knew that my brother loved her. I have another." He moved his shirt revealing the mark upon his chest. 

Jibril cursed. He knew his parents hadn't made a blood exchange, which was why his father had not died along with his mother and was free to find another mate. 

Somehow his mates had a tendency to disappear, Jibril pretty much knew that once his father got bored of one, they would meet an untimely end.   A demon entered the hall, dark and beautiful. Jibril felt nothing as her hips swayed from side to side. Would he ever get over Mikhail? Would no one ever look upon him with love?

"Now she's a beauty." His father growled. "But how many demons can reside here before your grandparents find out?" Gabriel laughed, which sent a shiver down Jibril's spine. 

He didn't understand but that was the feeling he always got from his father. He watched as Gabriel walked towards the dark haired female, her black and white speckled wings fluttered excitedly as Gabriel spoke to her.