 A/N -- I'm still working on "His Room". Don't think that I've given up on the project just because I've decided to take another poke at another genre. The next chapter for Tyler and Daisy is still being developed, so expect it to be ready in the next two weeks. I was working on these simultaneously, so I decided to post them together. I hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing this.

If you have problems with any spelling or grammar, please notify me with a comment that is constructive criticism. All characters in this story are over 18. Yada, yada, yada...

Oh! I almost forgot. This story also dips into a bit of nonconsent/reluctance, so if you're not a fan of that, then this story may not be the one for you. And keep in mind that this is a fantasy. It has nothing to do with religion. Absolutely NOTHING! So please don't post any comments about how this is against your beliefs or how inaccurate it is or blah blah blah! I made this up. This is a thing conjured from the dirty thoughts within my head. Nothing more or less. I will delete any comments that go on about how offensive it is.

Ok, on with it now.

-----------------

Katie was so hot when she was angry.

That's how she was right now: smiling, but still angrily glaring at me as I told her about my dream. Her dyed red hair was pulled back into an elegant bun, and her almond brown eyes were narrowed fiercely as she tried to smile through her annoyance.

"And he's got this mouth! God, Katie! His mouth! I dream of him sneaking in and just licking my pussy like I was the last source of moisture on Earth!" I said, smiling as the imagery came to mind. Over the last few nights, I've been having the same dream of a nighttime visitor having his way with me, which is weird because I've always been a fan of pussy. Yet, there was something about the man in my dream. He just had this... this thing about him. Like he knew just how to touch me in a way no one else has ever had. "It's so weird, Katie Kate. I don't know why I keep having this dream, but every time I wake up I feel like the horniest girl on Earth. What do you think it means?"

"I think it means you're bi. Is this your way of telling me?" She snapped, and I chuckled, and pulled her into my lap, causing her to gasp.

"Katie, how could I possibly be bi when I have this delicious beauty to feast on any time I like?" I boasted, turning her so that she straddled me. A red lock fell out of her hair, and I twisted it around my finger. Before she could stop me, I unzipped the red dress she was wearing, and the material slipped off of her small breasts and down to her waist. She had the cutest little pink nipples, and being barely an A cup made them oh so sensitive, so I took one of her beautiful milky breasts in my mouth and sucked hard, holding her as she gasped and grabbed my neck for support.

"God, Dawn! You're so vindictive! Oh!" She moaned breathily as I twisted her sensitive little nipple with my teeth. Her green eyes widened, and she twisted a hand into my hair. I smiled, and moved over to the other nipple, giving it the same treatment as she started grinding her hips onto my leg. "Yes! Oh, Dawn!"

Still smiling, I flipped us over on our black couch, laying her under me as I pulled her dress and undergarments down. God, she's so beautiful. I remember the day when I found her, huddled in the corner of a coffee shop in sweats and a band tee as she typed away for a Chemistry final. I was her tutor then, and she was initially annoyed by me because she was angry with her teacher for making a racist remark about her being Asian and "bringing dishonor to family" when she found out she was failing. One thing lead to another that afternoon, and we ended up fucking on her roommates bed. It was initially going to be a one-time thing, but we ended up dating for two years and getting engaged. And I couldn't be happier, because this woman is magnificent.

She's a small girl compared to me, only a size 0 while I'm a size 7, and she's all porcelain and lines. Her curves are small and pristine -- like she started out as a drawing before someone brought her to life. I've never been much of a leg girl, but her legs are fantastic: long and willowy, like a dancer even though I don't think I've ever seen her exercise. And her ass. My god, her ass! It's like holding two firm round oranges in my palms whenever I hold it.

However, the best physical feature she has is, of course, her perfect little pussy.

God, her pussy! Her lips are pink and swollen, and her clit gets nice and big when she's aroused. She gets so wet when I eat her, like she's a faucet just waiting to be turned on. And her taste. Unlike other girls, she tastes so sweet, like she's made of strawberries or something. It's unreal!

I can't help but want to eat her. And that's exactly what I did on the couch that night. I licked, and sucked, and tongue-fucked her little pussy until she begged me to stop. Then we cuddled on the couch and watched Hemlock Grove as she drifted off to sleep. My little astrophysicist needed her rest and relaxation, after all. She's got a big interview tomorrow with NASA that I know she's going to nail it!

**************

I opted to leave her on the couch with a blanket and some comfier pillows from our bed since I know she doesn't like to be carried unless it's for sex, and went into the bathroom to get dressed for bed. I took off my red skinny jeans and panties, revealing my thick thighs to the cold air, and let them pool at my feet. I took off my shirt and bra, and let my apple sized breast breathe as they escaped the confines of that infernal contraption. I took of my shoes, leaving my socks on as I gathered them in my arms. Looking in the mirror, I again began to remark how Katie and I were so different. Where she was all lines and porcelain, I was dark and soft. My hips, unlike her, were wide, and my ass was round and soft. My breasts were enough to have at least a handful, and my skin was the color of dark chocolate. Where she died her hair, I opted to keep my dark brown locks natural, twisting them into long braids that fell down to my mid-back. And where her pussy was bare, I opted to keep mine in a neatly trimmed bush. Today it was shaped like a heart. It's a wonder what she sees in me.

'Oh well,' I thought as I headed off to bed. 'Let's just hope that tonight was finally enough to push that hetero mess out of my head.'

****************

I was having the dream again.

His tongue was perfect. It was so warm, and he licked my clit with just the right intensity to get me fired up. I could feel his warm hands squeezing my thighs as he feasted on my pussy juice. I was so close. Oh brother, this is one good -!

"Mmm," he groaned, pulling me in closer to his face to get better access to his feast. Oh shit! This is real!

Who's licking me then?

I couldn't see the silent intruder, but I knew he was there. I could feel his teeth nibbling my pussy lips and his tongue ferociously attack my little clit, devouring me in the process. I could even see a bulge in the sheets between my things where his head was... but who the hell was h-?

"Oh my god!" I moaned as I felt my stomach start to tense. I'm getting closer. Holy fuck, so go-! Wait! Why am I enjoying this? I'm being sexually assaulted!

Yet my body was acting on its own accord. I felt myself getting wetter and wetter as he feasted away on me, his slow, savoring licks now racing back and forth against my clit. It was too much for me to bear. Without me even wanting to, my body came furiously, causing me to twist and turn and shake in pleasured bliss in the aftermath. I don't think I've ever cum so hard in my life.

"Holy fuck!" I cursed, feeling my breathing become labored as I descended from the high. "I don't know who you are, and don't think this means I won't have you arrested, but you sure have a talented mouth."

"Oh Dawn, you've always been so honest!" I heard a deep, hypnotic voice say. It sounded kind of familiar... but why? I'm pretty sure I've never heard of or seen this guy in my life! "It's one of the things I like about you. Well, that and -" I felt his tongue lick from my tight little asshole up to my still sensitive clit, and I shivered -- "this. So tasty. But I'm not finished with you yet, my dear."

Then I felt him climbing me. His strong hands dug into my skin as he pulled himself upward, towards my face. I wanted to twist, to fight against my attacker, but once again my body was doing its own thing and remaining compliant to my assailant.

It was still too dark to see, but I could make out features: a square jaw, a Greek nose, broad shoulders, long hair. However, it was still way too dark in my room to see, and my arms wouldn't move so I couldn't turn on my desk lamp.

I could feel the tender press of his lips against my cheek, and he whispered, "So willing. It must be my lucky night. Spread your legs for me."

I wanted to scream, to close my legs and block his passage, but again, my body was moving without me and I willingly spread my legs for my intruder to do with what he pleased.

"Good girl," he purred, poising himself at my entrance. "I always knew you'd be good for me."

Then I felt it. His cockhead pushed against my entrance, and I felt my hymen stretching as it fought against the unwelcome intruder.

Unfortunately, it lost, and I cried out as he pushed his thick cockhead forward.

"Fuck..." He moaned, breathing deeply as he slowly sank into me. "My gods! You're a tight little fucker, aren't you?"

I don't know what happened, but I was suddenly able to regain control of my head and shoulders, and I strained and cried as my attacker sank his length into me.

"Stop! Stop, please!" I begged as he stretched me with his unbelievably thick cock. "Please! I have a girlfriend! I don't want this!"

"Oh, Dawn I -- fuck -- I know all about your little girlfriend. Don't worry. I won't hurt her. I'm only here for you, my prize. Mmm..." He cooed, pushing what felt like the last he could into me. Fuck, he's so huge! God, it hurts!

"Stop! Please! I'm a real lesbian, and no amount of 'correction' you proceed to give with your giant dick will -- AHH!" I yelled as I felt him suddenly pull himself backward, then plunge back into me, deeper than before. I could feel tears welling in my eyes as he repeated himself, this time impaling his full length inside me. "Fuck! Why are you so big?!"

He chuckled, and grabbed my arms to pin them above my head. Then he proceeded to really fuck me, fast and hard. In and out. In and out. In and out. His giant dick was doing a number on my fragile pussy, and the force itself was causing the headboard to smack against the wall. I could feel myself regaining control of my arms, and I wiggled and squirmed to try and loosen his grip, but he had me locked tight. Tears streamed down my face as he pounded me, fucking me harder and harder with his monster cock.

"AHH! STOP! PLEASE! YOU'RE GONNA TEAR ME OPEN!" I screamed, bucking uselessly as he had his way with me.

"Oh gods! Yes! Oh Dawn, it'll be okay. Just relax, and enjoy my cock." And just like that, my stupid fucking body relaxed for him and my pussy practically wept for him as I felt myself getting wetter and wetter for his cock. That's when I felt it. I don't know how he did it, but suddenly his giant cock continuously banging and pounding my tiny little pussy felt amazing. It was like he was reaching spots that even the best dildo or vibrator couldn't even get to, and without warning I started weeping as the pleasure took over.

My god! What is wrong with me?! This shouldn't feel good! I'm being raped!

But I couldn't deny it any longer. Whatever voodoo this crazy fucker was doing was working because pretty soon I was begging for more.

"Oh yes! Fuck! YES! Oh my god! Right there!" I yelped as he pounded into me harder. He leaned on top of me again, and I could feel his abdomen digging into my clit as he pinned my legs down with his and pounded me faster. This made his strokes sorter, but infinitely harder as he fucked me. "Oh, so good! So good! Oh, god! Fuck me with your monster c-c-cock! Oh, I'm so close!"

"You're gonna cum all over my big cock, aren't you?" he groaned, digging his nails into the skin of my wrists.

"Yes!" I replied, lifting my hips to fit more of him in me. I wanted more. I needed more. This pleasure was too much to take!

"You like this big dick in you, don't you, Dawn?"

"Oh fuck yes! Don't stop!"

"Tell me what you want, then, Dawn!"

"Bite me! Bite my neck!" Wait! Where did that come from? "Please? I'm so close!"

"As you wish." Then he bit me. He bit down hard, drawing blood. I could feel his teeth digging into my skin. I didn't think it was possible, but I came even harder than the last time.

"Bezalel!" I screamed, tensing as my pussy spasmed and convulsed around his cock, and I felt him struggle to continue to thrust his mighty cock in me. Bezalel? Who is Bezalel? "Cum in me!"

He chuckled again, and he gave a few more powerful strokes before I felt it. Hot, and I do mean hot ribbons of cum painted my insides as my pussy milked him of his sperm. By the time he was done, I felt like I was more full of his cum than even he was.

Then, finally, he slowly slid out of me, leaving with a "pop". He licked at the blood leaking from my neck, and I began drifting off.

"Goodnight Dawn..." I heard him whisper as I began to fall asleep. "See you in the shadows."

****************************

Darkness. I woke up to total darkness.

"Hello?" I called out, but no one answered. "Katie? Mysterious rapist? Is anyone here?"

Silence.

I started shivering, and went to clutch myself, and I notice that I was dressed in a silk robe and nothing else. I tried to walking around, but I bumped into something hard. And unmoving. And leather.

"When the tides change, and the world is full of plight," a loud, thunder-like voice spoke, and I fell onto a soft, cushiony ground. Where the hell am I? "That, my angels, is when the time for us is nigh. We must replenish the world with the power of my love, for most do not know my true intentions! Angels, sweet angels, go forth and find the ones who truly believe, and they will submit to you, and be brought to my kingdom to live in paradise!"

Thunderous applause followed, and my heart started to race. Oh fuck, where am I? What's going on? What am I doing-?

I screamed as the dark shadow I was in lifted up, and I saw the bottom of a leather shoe. The leather shoe stopped in mid-lift, and descended back down.

Holy fuck, this can't be real! No! No! This is impossible!

I heard air whoosh, and a giant hand started descending towards me. In an instant, I took off running, but the giant hand pinched the back of my robe and flopped me into its palm before I could get anywhere, and lifted me to meet its gaze.

Giant eyes stared back at me, the irises swirling with every color imaginable. It was terrifying, but strangely, the look in those eyes... I felt no terror. Only calm washed over me as I was suddenly captivated by their gaze.

"Be calm, Dawn Jacobson. You are safe here." The thundering giant man said, and I relaxed against his thumb.

"Where am I?" I asked, unable to see beyond his eyes.

"My dear child, you are in heaven. Paradise. Nirvana. This is a place of many names."

"Heaven..." I choked out. What am I doing in heaven?!

I heard the flapping of wings in the distance, and then the most beautiful man I've even seen came flying next to me in the giant man's palm. He was tall -- about 5'10'' -- and he had the most gorgeous mane of pitch black hair. His skin was pale with beige undertones, and his lips were full and pink. His nose was crooked, and his beautiful brown eyes were covered in dark lids. He was built too, all broad muscle and strength covered in black pants and a black tee-shirt. I could see a peek of a tattoo on his back through his shirt as he bowed to the giant man.

"Bezalel," the giant man said, and Bezalel stood to face him, "your lover seems troubled. Explain to her the circumstances."

"Yes, your greatness," Bezalel replied, bowing once more and turning towards me. He scooped me into his arms, and out of his back stretched the most beautiful wings I've seen...ever. The feathers were as black as his hair, but had a golden sheen, and his wingspan had to be about six feet wide. He picked me up and flew me down to the ground in his arms. Suddenly, I looked around and everything started clicking into place.

Everywhere I looked, I saw beautiful creatures of different varieties. Some were a lot like Bezalel, all broad and tall and tan, but some were varying shades of different. There was literally a person for every color of the rainbow here. Some blue. Some purple. Some chartreuse. Some had horns, some had wings, some had giant, hypnotics eyes, some had fangs -- they were all different. What was the most interesting was that every one of them had a sort of back tattoo that I guess was supposed to symbolize something. And they were all with people like me, dressed in the same silk red robe.

There was a vast nothingness about this place. The ground was soft, almost air-like, and there were plants and little gardens scattered everywhere, but other than that, I couldn't see any actual residencies... That is until I saw couples disappearing.

Everywhere I looked, people were disappearing in the Ether. Right out of nowhere, people would just vanish into a puff of white smoke, and no one else would have a reaction to it. But where were they going?

In the distance, I could see a few more giants -- 5 males and 4 females -- all walking and patrolling different sections. Huh. Odd.

"So this is Heaven?" I said, turning to Bezalel, and he smiled and wrapped his arms around my waist.

"I prefer to call it the Afterlife, but whatever makes you comfortable." He said, pulling back my braids so he could rest on top of my head.

"Am I dead?" I asked, still looking around. "Did you fuck me to death?"

Then he laughed -- for a good five minutes -- and scooped me back into his arms again. He really likes doing that...

"No, my Dawn. That was only the first stage of the cleansing of your spirit." WHAT?!

"You cleanse my spirit by fucking me and cursing like a madman while doing it?" This can't be real.

He rolled his eyes, and said, "You humans. Yes, it was part of the cleansing. Contrary to what your human philosophy entails, sex is not as taboo in the Afterlife as it is in your previous reality. Sex is used as a means of acceptance and transformation here." He smiled, and kissed the top of my head. "Last night, when I made love to you, my Dawn, your body recognized me and accepted me as your lover, even if your human mind still fought. In heaven, it does not matter what the mind speaks, so long as the soul knows the right path. When you finally accepted what your soul has been craving all along, it allowed you to ascend to a higher plane of existence."

"But you raped me." I said, glaring at the beautiful man as he smirked.

"I am sorry for whatever pain you felt during the initial contact. It was not in my intentions to hurt you. I only strived to give you pleasure beyond your wildest dreams so that you would achieve ascension. However, I cannot say that I am sorry." He smiled, and leaned in really close. "After all, I've never deflowered anyone before. One may say I was a bit... overwhelmed and excited when I finally felt your tight embrace."

This mother-.

"You are not getting off scot free for that." I said, narrowing my eyes at him. He chuckled.

"Ah, humans. So fragile, but such enthusiastic participants once the fun begins." I could feel my cheeks heating up, and he winked knowingly. But, that wasn't important right now. I needed answers.
