 Abigail Winters cried in frustration, the soil tumbled out of the C sized bra cup. A fat worm slithered to the floor and began to writhe blindly. 

"Peter, Peter! Get your sorry medieval butt here now." In reply there came a small immature laugh. Abigail growled. Downstairs many of her closest friends waited for her, to celebrate her twenty first birthday, yet here she was rummaging for a new bra that didn't stand out through the sheer silk top she was wearing. 

"Peter." She growled as she found her ripped pantyhose. A soft tinkling heralded the arrival of a celestial being, without thought she turned to where the light beamed into her room and threw her tights at the shape forming. When the light disappeared, a confused 6'6, blond god stood with a bemused look on his face. Abigail shivered with desire. Instead of his usual silver armour, Mikhail wore skin tight leather trousers, that enhanced his manly bulge and muscular legs, a large white cotton shirt that puffed out slightly. It opened to reveal smooth tanned skin, and muscled abs. His hair was still braided from the last time he had visited. 

"What has he done this time?" Mikhail asked, Abigail blushed, she was naked from the head down to her hips. But that never seemed to disturb Mikhail. 

When she was younger he had always been her knight in shining armour, like a father to her. When they were alone he would play with her, whether he took her flying or showed her the wonders of the stars. 

It was only when she reached sixteen, that she realised the feeling in the bottom of her stomach wasn't excitement at going flying, it was need for him. But up until this day he continued to mentor her on the ways of Albion, the kingdom she would soon be ruling. 

"Peter destroyed another one of my bra's." Mikhail raised an eyebrow at her. 

"The look suits you Abby." Abigail's head shot up, Mikhail didn't do funny. His eyes seemed to gleam with a look unfamiliar to her. 

"Abigail honey, your friends are waiting." Her mothers voice called out. Abigail turned back to where Mikhail had been standing, to find him gone. With a weary sigh she left her room.

...

"I don't understand why you don't marry her father." Peter said, picking the dirtied bra from the floor. He gently petted the worm that had slithered under Abigail's bed.

"You do not understand the ways of guardian angels. I have no claim over her, and I am already Prince of a different plane." Mikhail, combed his fingers through his hair and thought back to when he had seen her naked in her room. 

It had taken all his restraint to pull her into his arms and ravish her. Smooth, black hair rolled down her shoulders and when he had seen her they had barely covered her pert, firm breast. Her hazel green eyes would always break through his tough exterior. 

She was not what would now a day be called beautiful, but that was because of what she was, her beauty would only be fully appreciated in Albion. 

Mikhail looked in the mirror once more. "What say you, am I fit for mortal company?" 

Peter looked as his father asked him for his opinion. He did not look a day over twenty five, and would look so until a many millenniums. Peter however would age once they returned to Albion. 

"Papa, if you have no intention of marrying her, why tease her so?"

"Because I also have human weaknesses."

... Abigail thanked the maitre'd as they were seated. It was a rather posh restaurant, and she had chosen it to impress the friends she would soon be losing.

"So where is this 'Michael?'" Vanessa asked. Abigail wasn't entirely sure why Vanessa was in her group of friends, or why she was in Vanessa's group of friends, but it seemed to her that she would forever be part of the snob clique. The one thing her father did before he died, sending her and her mother enough money to live in luxury for eternity. 

"I and the girls are beginning to believe that maybe you're just making him up." Each of her representative girlfriends were sitting with their boyfriends. Twenty people looked and disguised their laugher into coughs, all but one, her best friend Ellen who squeezed her hand, but in her eyes there was a look of sadness. She doesn't believe me either, Abigail thought to herself. 

"I'm not making him up." Abigail growled picking up the menu, it was meant to be the end of the conversation, but Vanessa was not known for her intelligence. 

"Then why isn't he with you, on your birthday."

"I just had to find my girl the perfect gift." Came a deep, familiar voice. Abigail almost jumped from her seat. Craning her head she saw him, his wings were not visible to the humans, only she saw their faint outline. 

But the three scratches were still there and his dark, ominous eye. Making his soft face appear a little fierce. Abigail couldn't help but smile as everyone at the table gasped in surprise. She knew that she was not the most beautiful woman in the world.  

Her nose was too big for a face, her lips too large, her breast too small and her hair to feisty, but that didn't stop Mikhail from pulling her from her seat and kissing her hungrily. Mikhail had waited twenty-one years to hold her like this. To touch her. Their tongues clashed together as he tasted the sweetness of her mouth. Her body was soft against his hard muscles, and they jumped in response of her soft hand upon his arm. 

Reluctantly he let her go, and congratulated himself at the way her lips were red and puffy from his ministrations. Mikhail pulled a seat up to the table and tugged Abigail's hand into his.

'What are you doing here?' She hissed mentally, something Mikhail had taught her, when she had wanted to take him to school on her very first day. Mikhail squeezed her hand playfully. 'Just enjoy this day, Abby.' After dinner a few of her friends returned to her home, where she could open her presents. She smiled tightly as she opened Vanessa's present. It was a dieting book. There was strained laughter.

"I know how self conscious you are, and Christmas was some time ago dear." Abigail blushed thanking her for her consideration. "Plus now that we have finally met Mikhail, we wouldn't want you to lose him because you wouldn't look after your figure."

"Actually I love the way Abby looks; I wouldn't change her for the world." Abigail sent a confused look to Mikhail, he was definitely laying it on a little thickly. She soon ran out of presents to open, and felt slightly bereft. As materialistic as it sounded, Abigail found that receiving presents was the best thing about a birthday. 

"Here you go cherub." Mikhail whispered in her ear, sending ripples of pleasure though her body. Abigail took the badly wrapped present, ripping though the layers of paper. 

A small blood red velvet box opened to reveal a silver chain, with a small vial that held two large feathers, one black one white. She felt her eyes tear up at the thought of Mikhail plucking his feathers for her. 

"These are the two most important feathers, until they grow back I will no longer be able to fly. My people believe it holds the same significance as a promise ring." Abigail shook with the enormity of what he was saying. 

"That's such a lovely necklace." Vanessa sneered with jealously. Abigail forgot there were people still in her home. Rather quickly she ushered them out of her home and ran to her room, where Mikhail sat nonchalantly, as if he hadn't just promised her the rest of his life. 

"A promise ring?" she hissed. 

"Yes, in case you do not find a suitable mate." He smiled. Abigail on the other hand just scowled, why would she never find a mate? Mikhail howled in surprise as she threw one of her pink bunny slippers at him.

'Father I think you have angered her.' Peter laughed. 

"Why are you upset, I thought you would be flattered." Mikhail watched in shock as Abigail began yelling obscenities. 

'Just tell her that, it is most likely she will marry you.' Peter suggested. After relaying the message Mikhail was rewarded with a slap upside his head. Abigail had never been so insulted in her life. Her fingers curled around the chain, as she made to yank it off, Mikhail was suddenly standing before her, both his large wings folded around her. 

They were in such close proximity to one another, Abigail couldn't help but splay her hands on his chest, she had to crane her neck to look him in the eye. 

"Do not remove it, cherub. Listening to Peter is never a good idea." He gave a crooked smile. 

"P...Peter. No, you shouldn't listen to a seven year old boy". Mikhail rested his forehead against her crown and gently stroked her cheek. 

"Angels are not as promiscuous as humans. We mate for life, there is no such thing as divorce in my world. Once we have the mating ceremony we are bound for life." He placed a tender kiss to her cheek, trailing his lips to her neck. 

Gently he grazed her neck with his two long incisors. 

"Fangs?" she whimpered. 

"I'm a little different. My mother was a demon. But all angels do a blood exchange. And then you will be bound to me until the day I die, because my life is longer than yours. "I do not want you to be tied to me until you are ready. Sleep with as many men, bare their children. Come to me when you are sure you want me for eternity, because that is how long you shall live for."

Abigail understood the enormity of what he was saying. 

"Would I become an angel?" Mikhail chuckled against her soft, perfumed skin. His arms wrapped tightly around her pulling her closer, so she could feel what he felt for her.

"You must be born an angel. Our children however will be." Abigail blushed at the thought of growing large with his child. She nuzzled his neck lovingly. 

"I will give you time love. Soon we will leave earth and return to Albion, you will have enough time to decide by then." She bit his lip seductively, as he kissed her, running his hands up and down her sides. 

As he left a thought came to her mind that brought a smile to her face. She had, had a few boyfriends in her time. And no longer had the evidence of virginity. Mikhail on the other hand was probably clueless on the acts of sex. His first time would be with her.

...

Jibril slammed his fist on the dining table. The thud vibrated through the room, the candles flickered and the tapestries rose and fell against the stone walling. 

Jibril turned his cold steely eyes upon his uncle's steward. The man did not cower or whimper in his presence. Instead he stood as tall as any 5'3 man could, with his chin high in the air, and a small smirk on his lips. 

"What do you mean by this Hamlet?" Jibril said as calmly as possible. 

It was this tone of voice that had many a warrior wetting his pant. The steward continued to stare at Jibril with barely contained disgust. The steward did not like being under this bastards thumb, and he awaited the moment that Mikhail returned with the heir to the throne. The years of oppression, the fear that all the citizens of Kryta lived in would disappear as soon as the girl was brought back.

"As I said my lord, lord Mikhail gave word that he will be returning soon. That is all my lord." Hamlet gave a stiff bow. Jibril continued to stare angrily at the shrewd man, but after minutes of silence he bade him to go. 

"Mikhail is coming." Jibril whispered. He was not sure whether he should be happy or furious. Mikhail was his greatest enemy, and greatest friend. 

As young children they had played together, in the cloud fields of Soledad, the kingdom of Mikhail's father. They had shared their first ever kiss, during their adolescence in convent school. 

To this day Jibril had loved no other, even when he found that Mikhail preferred women. Jibril was aware that Mikhail would never love him as he did. Maybe that was why he continued to be so bad, why be good when life never returns the favour? 

Jibril got up from the table leaving the hardly touched food behind. He would prepare for Mikhail's arrival, and would greet him as any cousin would. Far be it for him to love his cousin.