 This morning, Wen had Moto escort her all the way to the Laundry Department. Beforehand, Wen had been making secret little notes about her own thoughts, and ... strangely enough ... diagrams.

When she was at the Laundry Department, she saw a large group of women working mostly by hand. Some soaked clothing in cauldrons of hot water with certain chemicals. They kept the cauldrons over fires and stirred the strong smelling brew with long wooden spoons. Some women kneaded the clothing on wooden trays, squeezing the water out, and beating out stains with heavy paddles. Other women scrubbed and rubbed clothing against washboards.

As for drying, there were quite a few methods used. The sopping wet, dripping clothing was wrung out by hand. Then, all the clothing had to be hung up on something, usually clotheslines. Sometimes white clothing was bleached. Sometimes starch was used. It all depended on the fabric, really.

Wen knew this very well. During her two year punishment, she had to work with laundry quite often.

Wen went to the woman that managed this group and gave the gentlest suggestions. "I know you don't technically answer to me, but I wonder if there's a way I could help," she said. Another thing she said was, "I know you aren't willing to put the Emperor's white undergarments on the ground, or any of his clothing for that matter, but perhaps with the help of grass you could improve the drying and bleaching of the other garments?" It turned out that one of the best ways to dry and whiten white clothes was to lay it out on a reasonably clean lawn under sunlight. Yes, even the grass would help brighten it up.

The next thing Wen did was to show the manager some of the diagrams and notes she'd made. "I didn't know what things were like in this place," she told the manager, "but I put my thoughts down just in case I could help, and it seems that my instincts were well placed." She showed the manager certain objects she'd once used, although she didn't tell her that she'd literally used them in the past. There was a mangle, which was a device with rollers and a crank that was meant to squeeze excess moisture out of clothing. There was also a crank operated basin with small paddles inside to help agitate clothing.

One would think that the official Laundry Department of the Tree Cage would have all the latest technology and techniques. But Wen had wondered about that for a while. These people were kept away from the outside world. They might be quite stubborn and assume the outside world didn't have anything to offer.

Wen's father had even told her of how the imperial doctors were once unable to properly diagnose an illness because they didn't know what it even was. While a traveling doctor had been summoned and pointed out that because the imperial doctors didn't see as many cases as an outside doctor, and because they didn't have as many opinions to listen to, their information was severely lacking in some ways. Why wouldn't it be the same with the Laundry Department?

The next day, Wen finally went to the Hard Labor Department. There, she gave a few light suggestions to the manager with the whip. "Are you obligated to beat these workers so often? Why can't they be given treatment the moment they seem ill? And their diets, they'd work much better if they were given only a little bit more meat and fish. Don't you agree? I know you can't control all these problems, but I'll go to the eunuch in charge of his area to see what can be done. Please don't fret. I know you're only doing your best, and so I won't speak ill of you. But please be more gentle." Those were the statements Wen gave.

She set down a package of food taken from her own allowance. It contained some tofu, some fish, and some meat. For a concubine even of Wen's status, it was a small amount. For all those workers, however, it was luxurious. Wen warned that she'd have someone check in to make sure the food was distributed evenly among the workers for the next few days.

No managers were allowed to even taste it, and it certainly wasn't allowed to be damaged or poisoned out of spite. No. The workers would eat this food, a little bit each day. If these instructions weren't followed, then Wen would file a complaint. A concubine was technically a member of the Royal Family, and if a servant was given extra food from the Royal Family, mismanaging it was considered to be a horrible crime. Wen didn't need the Emperor's favor or "grace" to have this rule enforced for her, especially since this involved a department that few people cared enough about to defend.

***

On the first day of each month, all the concubines had to pay their respects to the Empress Consort. Basically, it was a meeting where you dressed up, sat down, and listened to whatever the Empress Consort had to say. Each concubine had one maid take them to the meeting room in the Moonlight Pearl Palace. Wen's clothing was still as simple as ever, but she did wear a little bit more jewelry than she normally did.

The concubines were seated in chairs arranged in two rows on each side of a beautiful golden rug. Each concubine's maid stood behind their mistress. On the most elaborately carved chair, on a platform up ahead that faced the room's exit, the Empress Consort sat in prestige. Her green eyes were so amazingly dull this day. Instead of vibrant emeralds they reminded Wen of wilted leaves. Her lips were unusually pouty.

First, the Empress mentioned a concubine that wasn't attending. That one had a miscarriage recently, and she was excused from pretty much everything due to her poor physical and mental health. In a possibly pointless attempt to cheer that woman up, the Emperor had sent her quite a few gifts. Potted herbs and flowers, a calligraphy painting, and a board game with pieces made of jade and coral. He'd also been visiting her quite often, just to keep her company. "I must urge all of you to think of ways to comfort her," the Empress said with her tired voice.

In all fairness, Wen believed most of the women here had no intentions of doing that.

Second, the Empress actually pointed at Wen with her spangled hand. "Concerning Seafoam Attendant Wen, the Empress Dowager has expressed her worries to me."

The curious, pretentious stares from all the other women nearly made Wen blush, but she was able to repress her feelings.

"This Seafoam," continued the Empress Consort, "has visited the lowest work departments, even the Hard Labor Department. To have one of the Imperial Consorts be seen among such filthy, unpleasant conditions, this might cause reckless talk." Taking a loop of prayer beads from one of her maids, the Empress Consort looked at Wen and asked, "What do you have to say about this, Seafoam Attendant Wen?"

Wen got up from her seat. Then she knelt down between the rows of chairs, facing the Empress. "This foolish concubine sincerely apologizes for offending the harem. Would the Empress Consort stretch out her kindness and instruct this concubine on which rule she's broken?"

The Imperial Consorts, including the Empress, were not allowed to do anything considered to be labor. At the most, they were allowed to play certain physical games and do some very light, very simple, very easy cooking.

But Wen hadn't done anything that even resembled labor.

There was a moment where, to Wen's merriment, the Empress Consort's eyes lit up, the eyelids pulling back. She nearly dropped her prayer beads. Her fingernail guards clicked against the beads as her fingers squeezed the loop. A stiff, uncertain moment passed. The concubines all seemed to give each other the most puzzled looks.

Finally, the Empress Consort asked, "What were you doing in those places?"

Wen answered, "This concubine only wanted to see if there were any improvements that could be made in those departments. If the workers are more efficient, then we will all thrive. I was gentle with my suggestions, and I've been told that conditions are much better now."

The surprised little jolt in the Empress' body implied that she didn't know that, which meant that she'd never bothered to check in on all those servants. Not that she was required to. That's what the managers were for.

It was at that moment when one of the concubines spoke. It was Pollen Lady Hayun, the Madam of Moonbeam Palace. Her hooked nose was quivering with amusement. "This little Seafoam was only trying to be a thoughtful consort. If she were the wife of a wealthy civilian, wouldn't she be applauded for managing the servants with such care?"

Wen happened to look at Seafoam Attendant Bora, who was rolling her eyes but otherwise looking very prim and proper. Remembering the past incident that had given her scraped hands and a sore knee, Wen tried very hard not to smile.

The dangling strips of gold and pearl beads in the Empress' blonde hair shimmered and tinkled as she put a sleeve to her lips and softly chuckled. "Go back to your seat, Seafoam Wen. I'd let the matter fall, but it seems there is no matter. I'll be certain to speak on your behalf to the Empress Dowager."

The meeting ended soon after that. The Empress Consort dismissed the concubines. The concubines gave half-kneels to her and started leaving, but before Wen took two steps, one of the Empress Consort's maids went to her with a tray of small coins. Money. "The Empress Consort has decided to reward you for your cleverness."

As the maid bowed and held the tray out, Wen looked over at the now standing Empress. That Empress nodded towards her and said, "How could I not reward such a concubine?"

Wen got to her knees and gave a humble thank you. Then she got up and told her maid to take the tray. Then they were finally able to leave.

***

The Plum Aroma Palace's front steps endured the quiet steps of Min Ji, the eunuch with the short hair and concerned breath, and the firm steps of the quiet Emperor. The eunuch knew his master wasn't particularly concerned at all, however. The Emperor's spirits were too high for that. There wasn't any room for concern.

When the Emperor had heard that Seafoam Attendant Wen had been making suggestions to servants, even in the Hard Labor Department, he laughed. He laughed so hard that tea shot out of his nose and Min Ji had to help him wipe his face and catch his breath.

Then the Emperor had asked, "Was she found doing anything against the rules? Did she work? Did she abuse anyone? Did she steal anything?"

Min Ji had bowed a little and said, "No, Your Majesty. She remained as untouched as a bright summer cloud."

The Emperor had started laughing again. His ears turned red and he even slid out of his seat. It was terribly undignified, but Min Ji didn't hate seeing him happy. A happy master tended to have happy servants.

Now, as they walked into the Plum Aroma Palace, Min Ji's only worry was about the Empress Dowager. The Royal Mother was well loved by her son, and if she said something he didn't like there would be some difficulty.

The Emperor took tea with his Royal Mother. Quite cheerfully, he said he was fond of the earthy taste. The Empress Dowager wasn't so cheerful. She held a briny expression, and she soon brought up the Imperial Harem. She had her grievances.

One, despite having had so many women available to him, the Emperor had no sons, only daughters. Previously, the Emperor Dowager's solution to this problem was to hold more auctions for concubines. Now she didn't know what to do.

Two, The Empress Consort wasn't adequately managing the Imperial Harem. Or that's what the Empress Dowager had stated. The wife was meant to keep the concubines in line, and the Empress Consort was letting a particular Seafoam do whatever she wanted, even mingling with the low class servants. The Empress Consort had even rewarded such scandalous behavior!

After drawing in another sip of the hot tea, the Emperor smiled to the Dowager, and smoothly asked, "Has my Royal Mother ever visited those serving departments?"

Metaphorically ruffling her feathers, turning her nose up and looking away, the Empress Dowager said, "Not to the Laundry and Hard Labor Departments. I'm a woman of high standing, the highest standing, in fact."

"Then," the Emperor said as he carefully put his cup of tea on a table, making the faintest clacking and grinding noise against the wood, "please let this child ask a question. What would happen if the lowest servants were unable to work efficiently?"

His Royal Mother didn't answer. She only shook her head and put a small snack in her mouth. It was a slice of a vegetable, fried and crunchy.

As the sounds of chewing went on, the Emperor spoke again. "If the servants don't work efficiently, then even the highest of us will suffer. The managers should do their jobs well, but even the managers should be managed. This child of yours hates to know that someone upset Royal Mother, but this child also prefers to know that someone was attentive enough to care for even the lowest people, and it was for everyone's benefit, even Royal Mother's benefit."

After swallowing, the Empress Dowager said, "You're speaking so highly of this Seafoam, but you haven't spent much time with her. Why did you claim her so fervently? You didn't even consult me, but you took her. Yet you haven't pampered her very well."

He was still smiling. His "If I gave her a high rank from the beginning, if I coddled her more than everyone else without giving her the chance to earn such glory, wouldn't that cause more problems?"

And that was what finally got the Empress Dowager to grin. She hid the grin behind her sleeve, and she didn't turn to show her face to her son, but the Emperor knew she'd finally understood. Still behind her sleeve, the Dowager said, "She really was apologizing to me, wasn't she? For being such a peculiar woman, she apologized."

***

Nuan was beginning to worry Wen, honestly.

According to what Moto had been secretly telling Wen, Nuan had been sneaking off whenever she had the opportunity. Wen didn't like it.

And if that wasn't suspicious enough, Nuan had been wearing a darker shade of rouge recently, and one day she suddenly smelled like flowers and spice, as if she'd gotten a new perfume and some extra rouge from somewhere.

Winter had begun, and the cold was stronger, when Wen finally decided to take the chance to learn what in the world Nuan was up to. Wen told Nuan that she and Moto were going to the garden to collect ice water for a particular winter tea, leaving some free time for Nuan. But once Wen and Moto were shivering in the garden, Wen looked at Moto's green eyes and whispered, "Go see what she's really been doing." Then Wen turned back into the palace alone.

She was writing again when Moto returned to her. She tried to give a buck-toothed smile, but Wen saw through it. "Come now," Wen said with an almost motherly tone, "tell me what she was doing."

With a heavy exhale, Moto scurried over to Wen and whispered in her ear. "Nuan's been having secret meetings with a guard. They hid in the storage room in the Hard Labor Department today."

Wen didn't need to be told why they hid.

Some time later, when Nuan returned to Wen's apartment, Wen called her over with a very strict, very mature tone.

Wen was sitting at her dining table. A set of tiles, carved from wood, were on that table. She'd been playing a game with herself. One of her hands held one of the tiles in a semi-vertical position, impatiently yet also slowly tapping the table as she waited for Nuan. That maid's head was low and her legs moved reluctantly. Behind Wen, Moto stood with a very erect posture and an unusually haughty sniff.

Seeming to understand that she'd been caught, Nuan knelt before Wen as if she was waiting for something.

And she got it.

Wen asked, "Weren't the rules explained to you when you entered the Tree Cage?"

Some of Nuan's black hair fell out from its hairstyle. Her nose and cheeks reddened. So did her hands.

Wen let her tile go. It bounced and clattered a few times before becoming still. She put her hands in her lap and looked at a painting on a wall. "I won't reveal you, but if you become pregnant, then I won't be able to protect you."

Foolishly, Nuan spoke then. "Mistress, my Sweetheart loves me. If I became pregnant he'd certainly marry me."

Wen shot that down with more hostility than an archer aiming at the world's most hated enemy. "He most certainly will not, not if he's a guard from the inner layers." At Nuan's miserable little sigh, Wen said, "He's likely from a high class family, which means that no matter how much he might care for you, he'll never marry you. His parents would rather see you dead than alive as their daughter-in-law."

Wen took two of her tiles under her index and middle fingers and slid them closer to herself. She'd let her fingernails grow for a while, but they were still naked. "And there's always the chance that you're being used. Not all lovers are honest. Some men play with women without caring for their futures."

Moto spoke up then. "If you became pregnant, you'd be punished for breaking palace rules. The guards aren't allowed to have affairs with anyone in the palace, not even with men."

"They wouldn't have mercy on your body," Wen said. "Not even if you were pregnant. You'd be beaten to near death, dismissed from your position, and your family would have to live with the shame of having a daughter with no self control." She slid a tile to her right on the table. "I don't approve of those rules, but that's what will happen to you. I wouldn't be able to stop it." She folded her hands on the table. "End your relationship with the guard immediately, Nuan, or at least do everything you can to not become pregnant."

Nuan nodded and said with a childish voice, "Mistress doesn't need to worry. Nothing bad will happen to your servant."

Wen sighed and hoped that was the truth.

***

The Emperor didn't need to visit Wen in order to receive updates on the progress with her book. That's what Wen had said. She'd always sent one of her maids to go to one of the eunuchs that worked in the Emperor's palace and give the information.

Pollen Lady Kumi often criticized Wen over this. "Why don't you seize these chances? A visit from the Emperor is a swallow of water after a long trek in a blistering desert."

"If the Emperor thought this concubine was seizing the chances," Wen said with a blank face, "the over-eagerness might disgust him."

Kumi looked down at Wen with distrustful brown eyes. "Everyone's overeager for the Emperor, even if they don't truly want his attention. That's the fantasy every man wants, and everyone wants to keep the Emperor happy."

Wen wanted to say, "Everyone wants rewards, and the Emperor gives the best rewards," but she kept her tongue away and half-knelt to the higher ranking concubine. What she truly said was, "This low concubine doesn't have the courage to bother the Emperor."

On some days, there were times when Wen regretted saying that, and she wanted to march over to the Emperor, or at least the Empress Consort, and complain.

Winter seemed to hate everyone. There was more than frost. There was snow. Damn snow.

Pollen Lady Kumi had sent eunuch after eunuch to ask the Fuel Department for their allotted charcoal and firewood. But every time a eunuch returned to the Sweet Carrot Palace, he either had half the allotted amount or nothing.

The concubines in the Sweet Carrot Palace, women that belonged to the Emperor himself, they ended up with proportionally less fuel than the Hard Labor Department.

That fact sunk deep in these women's bones and planted venom. Everyone, the maids, the eunuchs, and yes the concubines, they all wore full winter gear, gloves and all, inside the palace. 

But what did Wen do?

She had a book to write, and she kept at it. She said she couldn't write anything up to the Emperor's standards while wearing gloves, and she didn't want to use any creams. Both methods would ruin her grip on the brush, and the cream might even leave oily smudges on the paper. So, while her maids cringed and protested, Wen would spend hours at a time writing with her bare hands exposed to the cold air.
