 From the street outside Jiafahn's urban home, she could see the grand, almost cloud-like clusters of brown and gold leaves that had grown from the Godly Tree. It was said to be the tallest tree ever found in Junshu, but quite a few people were willing to debate that. 

The tree's trunk was hidden by a city-like complex of palaces, workshops, and other buildings, but these buildings were hidden too, kept behind a massive wall of white stone. On some occasions, artists would be hired to paint certain sections of the wall with images that were vivid yet easy to wash away. Vandalism against the wall would earn one severe public beatings. 

Sometimes, a person might see the highest points of a building's hip-and-gable roof from behind the wall. Some of the most beloved stone decorations on the roofs resembled fruits and vegetables, but creatures of both mundane and whimsical origins also had their popularity. 

As she rode in the carriage with her father, Jiafahn imagined the sculptors had used molds. She almost didn't notice that her father hadn't looked at her face during the whole journey. It was an uncomfortable, unusually quiet trip. Thankfully, they didn't live far from the nearest gate to the Tree Cage's interior. 

There was once a time when the Godly Tree was smaller and literally kept behind a cage for its own protection. Or rather, that's what Jiafahn had read. Eventually, the metaphorical cage of palaces were laid down, then the wall. This didn't happen in a month or so. This was centuries of work. 

Jiafahn had to distract herself with these kinds of thoughts. Otherwise her pent up fury would've melted her. 

A Junshu woman typically submitted to her father, and Jiafahn was pretty much the same ... except when she felt she'd been gravely wronged. And now she knew she'd been gravely wronged. 

When Father confessed his crime to her, she locked herself in her bedroom and started screaming. She hadn't even used real words. Father had let his greed control him, then he'd lost his nerve and put the attention on his daughter.

Jiafahn was going to embarrass herself before the Emperor, the Holy Ruler of Junshu, chosen by Heaven. Well, technically he'd been chosen by the previous emperor but most Junshun people strongly believed that Heaven guided the emperors. Jiafahn would have to prostrate herself before the most intimidating, most powerful man in the empire, and tell him she'd sinned. 

She'd dared to comment on governmental affairs! It was an unseemly crime, even though she'd technically only wanted some fun, and she hadn't been planning on showing her fiction to anyone else, and her so-called commentary was indirect. 

One out of place step, one fallen word, and Jiafahn could lose her head. It was the most stressful thing in the world. She didn't want to go anywhere near such a man. 

Actually ... she was technically his sister-in-law ... one of many sisters-in-law he likely had. There were also likely many brothers-in-law, fathers-in-law, and mothers-in-law. One could argue that Jiafhan was family and should be treated with gentler fingers, but the connection was far too distant. Jiafhan wasn't even nobility, let alone royalty. She had no right to expect any more mercy than what was offered, and even then there was the risk of sudden execution. 

The carriage was allowed to pass through the tall, red, studded gate. Then, for the first time in her life, Jiafahn could see inside the walls. Her father had seen this scenery every day, and had often described the architecture. As Jiafahn's dark blue eyes peered from behind a tan colored curtain, she decided her father hadn't lied. 

She didn't know which building was a palace, the dormitory for older princes, the doctor's department, the sewing departments, or even the laundry department. Everything looked delicately designed. Curved and shiny ribbing was in the roof panels. The doors often had elegant patterns in their wood. Some buildings, which were likely the palaces but Jiafahn couldn't say, were partially hidden by their own walls and gates. 

Some people were walking by, going about their work. Young women in simple but elegant clothing, likely embroidery maids, carried wide, thin cases as they walked. Eunuchs in red hats and shoes, their bodies covered in bright blue gowns, also walked on. Some were carrying boxes of seemingly important things. Some were walking with scrolls or folded paper in their hands, as if they were trying to deliver messages. Jiafahn even saw some of them carrying a large, rolled up rug over their shoulders, sharing the burden as they took it somewhere. 

In one of the gardens, some rather plainly dressed women were digging weeds out, while an older woman looked on, a whip in her hand, her fingers twitching as if she was waiting for someone to slack off. Frowning men in pale red uniforms were either standing at certain locations or stiffly patrolling the area. They were all armed. Jiafahn assumed they were guards. 

Father had once told her the guards that stood outside the Tree Cage's walls, and within the first outer layer inside the Tree Cage's walls, were typically commoners of excellent skill. As for the guards past the first outer layer, closer to the center, they were all from high ranking military or aristocratic families, but they were also required to be highly skilled. A soft handed rich boy simply wouldn't do. 

One particularly pretty thing that Jiafhan noticed was an artificial river bordered by an intricately carved, low stone fence. She didn't know where the stream began nor where it ended. She only knew that it was pleasant to see.

The carriage was taken through a few more gates, then to what seemed to be the widest, most glamorous palace in the world. Or that's what Jiafhan had thought. There were two stories. In order to get near it, one had to walk up one of several sets of white stairs. Between each staircase, there was a white statue of a tree, or an animal, or even a sleeping dragon. 

A few eunuchs approached the now parked carriage, and they asked Lu Sahng and Lu Jiafahn to follow them to a side entrance to the palace. The walk up to the great building was almost tiring. Jiafahn hoped her makeup didn't melt from sweat. 

And yes, she did wear fashionable makeup. She was expected to wear the best she could afford. Her dress had an admittedly loud pattern of blue floral medallions against a reddish-brown background. Her dark green blouse was kept over the dress, the hem reaching the end of her ribs. The placket was mostly loose, only joining close to the top of the dress at the bosom, with that point kept in line with a simple silver brooch. A long, thin, white shawl was draped over her elbows and allowed to droop close to her dress' hem. 

Inside the palace, Jiafahn and her father were led down some hallways, through some rooms, and finally, through a pair of tall doors into the throne room. 

Jiafahn knew better than to raise her eyes. The shiny floor was all she dared to examine. Besides, she thought the spacious glamour might overwhelm her and then she'd faint from low class stupidity. 

Between rows of officials, some short distance from the steps that led up to the throne, Jiafahn and her father knelt down and then prostrated themselves. She heard Father say, "Junior Minister of the Imperial Treasury, Lu Sahng, is here with his daughter, Lu Jiafahn, to serve the Emperor." 

And Jiafahn heard the voice of the mighty emperor. It sounded much younger than she'd assumed it would be, but there was still a heavy power there. 

"You may kneel." 

They both got to their knees, but their heads were bowed. Jiafahn could see the stairs ahead of her. 

Again, Emperor's voice. It made her breath hitch in fear. 

"'The Reconstruction,' I believe that was the title. Lu Jiafahn, are you the author of this fiction?" 

Her voice was hollow. "Yes, Your Majesty." 

"Why did you write it?" 

Jiafahn swallowed ... something. She didn't know what it was. "This servant of yours wanted to write, and while she wishes the tragedy in the mountains had never happened, she was able to find inspiration. It was meant to be a private work." 

"Ah." It was a simple, crisp utterance. "Lu Sahng, do you have the work with you?" 

She heard her father's clothing rustle. "Yes, Your Majesty. I brought it with me." The scroll's leather case swiped against fabric. A eunuch attendant hurried over to take the scroll, and then he went off. Jiafahn saw his red shoes rush up the stairs, where he likely handed the scroll to the Emperor. Then the eunuch moved back down and waited near the first step. 

Quiet. 

It was viciously quiet. 

Jiafahn thought she could hear the air thicken. 

Then the snap of the scroll's case being opened, and the paper being rolled out. 

There was a masculine gasp. 

It didn't come from Father, or the eunuch, or even one of the officials. It came from the man that sat on the lofty throne. 

The Emperor's voice was alone in this room. "These strokes ... so light ... as if each one was given only the faintest pressure." He sounded significantly ... less intimidating, but still quite strong. "Not a single drop of misplaced ink, no careless smudges." 

Jiafahn knew she had to give her thanks. "I'm honored by the Emperor's kind words." 

His next words seemed less kind to her. "I'd like to keep this." 

"Yes, Your Majesty," Jiafahn said as she bowed once. 

"Lu Sahng, I'll send an etiquette scholar to your house tomorrow." The scroll was being closed. 

Brown painted eyebrows lowering in confusion, Jiafahn subtly turned her head a little so she could see her Father's face. His eyes brightened and he gave a bow. "Thank you, Your Majesty! You've honored my family twice now! Your servant is unworthy!"  

"I'll send gifts to your family soon. Go home so you can receive them." 

"Yes, Your Majesty! Thank you!" 

Father got to his feet, which meant that Jiafhan had to do the same. They left the throne room in silence. When they were following a eunuch in a hallway, Jiafahn asked her father, "What did all of that mean? Why will the Emperor send us gifts and an etiquette scholar?" 

His chest puffed out, Lu Sahng smiled at his daughter and said, "Even without an audition, without even requesting it of him, the Emperor has decided to claim you as his concubine." 

Her feet halted. The air fled her lungs. Her body chilled. Her eyes widened. She put a hand to her bosom as she started hyperventilating. Both the eunuch and her father ran to her and tried to calm her down. 

But there wasn't anything anyone could do. 

Her life was over. 

*** 

The Emperor was allowed these consorts, in descending order of rank: 

One Empress Consort. 

Up to two Seed Consorts. 

Up to four Flower Consorts. 

Up to four Wood Consorts. 

Up to eight Pollen Ladies. 

An unlimited number of Bamboo Ladies. 

An unlimited number of Honey Attendants. 

An unlimited number of Seafoam Attendants. 

How much food a consort was given, what clothing and makeup she was allowed to wear, her living arrangements, and how many servants would personally wait on her, these were all determined by rank. The Empress Consort was the highest ranking consort, and she had the authority to give out harsh punishments to any concubine that disobeyed. Generally speaking, so did the other high ranking consorts, but they all answered to the Empress Consort. 

Only two people could overrule the Empress Consort, the Emperor and the Empress Dowager, who was the Emperor's mother. 

Jiafhan was surprised to learn that the lowest ranking Imperial Consort technically wore less jewelry and less makeup than a high ranking aristocratic woman, even though the hypothetical aristocratic woman was of lower rank overall. Maybe that was meant to instill a sense of humility in the lower ranks while the higher ranks had already proved themselves ... or something. 

For example, while a wealthy woman would put several symbols on her face, such as a flower or a star, a Seafoam Attendant would only be allowed up to three symbols, but no golden nor silver colors, and no tree symbols were allowed. Leaves and branches were allowed, though, and dimple dots didn't count as symbols. 

But Jiafhan decided she wouldn't even go that far. 

The night before she'd be sent to the Tree Cage, Jiafhan wept and beat her pillows. She knew enough about the palace complex to understand that it was very much a cage. She might never see the outside world ever again. Aside from the Emperor, the eunuchs, and the guards, no men were allowed to enter the Imperial Harem's section of palaces. Any sons born there would leave to the Prince's Dormitory at age thirteen and only be given carefully monitored visits with their mothers. 

As a concubine, Jiafhan could only send one letter to her family per year, and each letter would be read by a eunuch to make sure she wasn't sharing any secrets. 

And there would be secrets. Nobody was allowed to let certain details of the harem escape the Tree Cage. Which consort visited the Emperor today? Which one was the best dancer? What cliques have been formed? None of that was for the outside world to know. Telling any secrets would result in strong punishments, sometimes even beatings. 

The Emperor chose Jiafahn's new name. Wen. Seafoam Attendant Wen. She'd been sent a small bronze badge attached to a silk cord, meant to be kept with her personal belongings. The name Wen had been formed in that bronze, a raised and elegant script. Some trusted embroidery maids were allowed to leave the palace complex so they could visit the Lu household and measure Jiafahn's body for new clothes. They also were going to ask what jewelry she wanted (within the rules of the ranking), and send the requests to the Jewelry Department. 

The Emperor had also sent a doctor and a midwife to go to her home and privately "inspect" her for anything that was "wrong" with her. All his consorts, even the Empress Consort, had to be inspected before marrying the Emperor. 

By the time Jiafahn, or Wen, was summoned to the Tree Cage, it was the middle of autumn, close to the Empress Dowager's birthday. She was told that because she'd only just arrived, she wasn't required to give a birthday present. 

The gentle, early morning wind helped dry leaves dance in the air as ... as Wen was taken off to a palace with a shiny wooden sign on the entrance. The sign read, "Sweet Carrot Palace." In this palace, mostly low level concubines lived in a glorified dormitory. The person they all answered to was the mistress of the palace, a higher ranking concubine. The highest ranks lived in palaces without any other consorts, but Wen didn't have any business in those places. 

She stood before the entrance with a cold glare. For a time, she didn't even look at the faces of the two maids that had been waiting on her. They knelt before her and said, "Greetings to our Mistress, Seafoam Attendant Wen." Then they stood up and each took one bag of Wen's personal items. She'd only been allowed two bags, and she wasn't about to get in any trouble over that. 

Jiafahn ... rather, Wen ... she noticed the surprise in the maids' eyes. 

Most of the clothing and jewelry ordered from the palace had been sent to her new apartment, but Wen had did have a new outfit on. 

When she'd been asked what sort of clothing she'd wanted made for her, Wen had given strange instructions. She wanted no patterns. No embroidery. Just simple colors. She asked for all her blouses' sleeves to be small, meaning that none of them would dangle. They'd simply have fitted or only slightly loose cuffs at her wrists. 

What about jewelry? Wen personally asked for the simplest, most plain jewelry. Wood, silk, and velvet. As for metal, copper should be the most expensive one permitted. Why? Simply put, this was what Wen wanted. In fact, as she stood before her new maids, she didn't wear enough jewelry for her station. Only simple copper studs in her ears. Nothing more was on her. 

Her hair was amazingly simple. While a low ranking concubine was required to show some restraint with her hair decorations, she was free to have her hair shaped however she pleased. What shape did Wen have her hair placed in? A bun at the nape of her neck. Her maids had delicate loops hanging under their pointed ears and high topknots, all decorated with spiraling ribbons and wooden combs. Their hair was technically more adorned than hers!! 

As for makeup, the maids didn't have any white covering on their faces, but their lips were coated in dark pink and their cheeks had subtle patches of a matching color. Seafoam Attendant Wen had her mask of whiteness, but she didn't have any symbols, and no dimples either. There weren't any rouge on her cheeks, but there was a bit of pinkness on her lips. A vague hint of pinkness in her lips' center, not even halfway reaching the outlines. It was almost as if she was hiding the fact that she even had lips. 

"What are your names?" Wen asked the maids. 

The one on Wen's left had elongated monolid eyes. The irises were dark green. Her hair was a sandy blonde color and her front teeth protruded. She was the one who gave a half-kneel first and said, "My name is Tou Moto, Mistress." 

The one on the right had large eyes that tapered at the outer corners. The irises were a watery gray. Her hair was black and a little bit frizzy. She was the last to give the half-kneel, and she said, "My name is Hu Nuan, Mistress." 

"I'm grateful to have you both." Wen pointed her chin up to the palace's entrance. "Who is this residence's Madam?" 

Tou Moto adjusted the weight of the bag she held in her arms. "Pollen Lady Kumi is the Madam here. We'll take you to her after you've settled in your apartment." 

Hu Nuan turned her body towards the palace. "Please follow us, Mistress." 

Wen was taken into a pretty foyer, then to a hallway and up some stairs. On the second floor, she found door after door that led to separate apartments. She passed several women on the way, other concubines with their maids. They all gave Wen more surprised looks. 

As far as Wen could tell, these concubines were all the same rank as her, Seafoam Attendants. That was one reason for the strict sumptuary laws. It was so you could tell who was what rank and know who you had to pay the most respect to. 

Wen's apartment was behind the last room at the end of the hallway. The number etched on the door was twelve. That meant that, including Wen and Pollen Lady Kumi, there were thirteen concubines now living in this building alone. This number alone was more consorts than what a very rich man in Junshu might have, and yet the Emperor had even more. 

Wen couldn't decide if that was impressive or merely a sign of greed. 

A small foyer was the first thing Wen saw behind her apartment door. Then there was a dining room that could also be used as a reception room. To the right of the dining area, there was a bedroom. The maids were meant to sleep on well cushioned pallets on the floor in the same room. 

To the left of the dining room, there was an office-like room with a desk and a large window that overlooked the palace's garden. Several closets were in place for any necessary storage. It was cozy, and the furniture was actually quite luxurious. There were even lovely vases with a variety of plants and a few hanging paintings. 

It seemed comfortable enough. 

After her maids had her things put away, they showed her out and downstairs, to the biggest reception room in the palace. 

It was a lovely room with colors of green, brown, and white on all the walls. Some wall dividers and archways had open framed screens, cage-like walls one could hook their fingers in. The patterns were mostly combinations of bubble-like circles and brick-like rectangles. 
