 One silly activity that one might find an Imperial Consort taking part in is paper sculpture. Essentially, with a combination of folding and cutting, one could make charming little shapes out of paper, and often in many colors. On this mild morning, Pollen Lady Kumi and Bamboo Lady Wen were happily sitting in the Sweet Carrot Palace's garden, in a gazebo. They were engaging in paper sculpture, using their spring style scissors to make precise cuts. Kumi was trying to make a daisy while Wen was trying to make a bundle of leaves. 

Kumi's eyes strained and her lips pursed with frustration when she accidentally made a cut in a spot that was meant to be left alone. Then, with a garbled cry, she accidentally sliced a bit of her finger with her scissors. Wen reached for her, putting a handkerchief over the little wound. "Dear Pollen," she said with a worried voice, "you must be more careful with your beautiful skin." 

Her brow forming deep lines, her brown eyes truly pained, Kumi whimpered, "I've been feeling so unwell lately. I haven't been able to make the best decisions." One of Kumi's maids told another to find some clean water, ointment, and bandages. 

As Wen kept applying pressure, she quietly told Kumi, "You should have a doctor see you." 

Shaking her head, hanging beads of pearls and jade jingling and clacking from her hairstyle, Kumi said, "I've already spoken to one. This pregnancy is still so young but I'm already turning irrational. I hope you'll forgive me for any mistake I make." 

"What a peculiar, glum state my dear colleague is in." Wen saw a maid return with the required items. Then she said, "Let me tend to you." She personally rinsed Kumi's finger, then applied the ointment. She even tied the bandage in place. "We're both mothers to the Emperor's children, and we were close even before we reached these illustrious positions. We have no need for a pact, for we're already bonded." Wen held Kumi's hand, but gently so, and she made a soft little smile. "I'll try to keep you safe, since you've already cared so well for me." 

Wen meant these words. She believed that as long as someone was kind to you, or at least harmless, there was no reason to be cruel. It was better to be caring. 

And Kumi had been kind to her, perhaps even more than kind. 

*** 

Seed Consort Miseo's little daughter, Eunhe, was already a natural dancer. Or perhaps it seemed that way because she had such a graceful mother to observe and learn from. She was a tiny copy of that elegant mother, and the Emperor liked to remind her of that. "Oh, it's little Miseo," he once teased as he playfully tugged on her sleeve. 

"Royal Father," the girl said in her mumbling, young voice, often mispronouncing words, "my name's Eunhe. Have you forgotten?" Then she gazed up at her father with wet, shimmering eyes and sniffed very loudly. 

His lips pouting in false sadness, the Emperor crouched down to take the girl's waist and lift her up. As he stood in the morning light, holding the child close, he said, "Never fear, Little One. I'll never forget your name." He nuzzled her bare cheek with his nose. Little girls didn't often wear makeup everyday as their mothers did. "Now," he said, "why don't you dance for me?" 

Eunhe was beaming when she was put back down. 

Some moments later, Seed Consort Miseo sat with the Emperor in a garden to watch the little princess dance. A maid was playing music with a flute. Another was using a spike fiddle. 

This lush and fragrant garden was a part of the Morning Dew Palace. This palace had gentle colors, pale blue, creamy browns, and light greens. The dancing princess was like a petal on pavement, carefully fluttering in a low and gentle breeze. 

It warmed the Emperor's heart, not that it was particularly cold. 

Just then, a eunuch announced that the Empress Consort was visiting. Aside from the Emperor, everyone went down to their knees to greet her. Even tiny Eunhe had to stop her dancing. She might not have understood exactly why she needed to kneel, but she was old enough to understand that she had to do it or else she'd be punished. Her lips scrunched up, but she knelt all the same. 

Holding a nanny's hand, another little princess was there, around the same age as Eunhe. Princess Masami's nose was wriggling as if she had an itch and was desperately trying not to put a finger in a nostril. 

The Empress Consort and Princess Masami both knelt down to greet the Emperor, and the Emperor told everyone to just get up for the sake of practicality. Then he politely asked his wife what brought her here. 

Fiddling with a pendant on one of her necklaces, Empress Atsuka said with a tone as light as the weather, "Since you're visiting this palace, I assumed Princess Eunhe would dance for you. I thought perhaps the kind Seed Consort wouldn't mind letting us watch such youthful and innocent beauty." Her free hand rose to her bosom to make a somewhat humble gesture. "My little Masami would do well to watch a more talented girl and learn from her." 

"How very sensible," the Emperor said as he crouched down and looked at Princess Masami's face, his palm reaching out. "Come here, Masami. Come and watch the dance with me." 

Masami grinned and pranced on over to her father's arms, and then she was settled in his lap. The Empress Consort took a seat rather close to the Seed Consort and gave her a certain look, a look that sparkled. Seed Consort Miseo only held a blank expression and didn't look at the Empress' face for more than two seconds. 

Princess Eunhe continued with her dancing. She was such a darling little thing! When she was finished, the Emperor said to Miseo, "She's studied very well. It's a joy to know my children have such accomplished mothers. See to it that Eunhe has an extra spoonful of honey in her porridge tomorrow morning." 

He decided right there that he'd stay the night at the Morning Dew Palace. He had to leave in a moment to take care of important matters, but he'd return as soon as he could. He took Miseo's hand and promised he'd do just that. He thought he heard Atsuka give a sigh that sounded both doleful and irked, but he thought it wasn't anything worth dwelling on. 

Empress Atsuka had never before shown any signs of jealousy towards anyone in the Imperial Harem. Why would she start now? 

*** 

It was a stormy morning. Water pelted the roofs. Thunder rolled around. Wind howled in quite a mournful fashion. Near a window downstairs, Pollen Lady Kumi and Bamboo Lady Wen listened to the upsetting weather. A handful of lower ranking concubines sat nearby, lightly chatting amongst themselves. 

Even though the air was darker, Kumi and Wen were enjoying their paper crafts. Their blades and careful folds made delicate little structures. Animals and leaves, flowers and combs, seashells and insects. During one moment, when Wen was working on a scalloped shell and Kumi was working on a horse, jokes were suddenly told. It was enough to have everyone's chests heaving. Soon, the whole area erupted with pure laughter. More jokes came, and nobody could remember who started it all. 

Such a pleasant time! 

Kumi put an arm around Wen's shoulders as she added another joke. It had Wen slapping the table before them. 

And Kumi made a move with her arm, as if she too wanted to slap a table. 

But something ... flashed ... even in the weather's stormy light. 

Within that fast bit of time, Wen was able to direct her body a bit off, moving most of her belly out of the way. 

Burning, piercing, horrifying pain. 

Wen screamed. 

And Kumi ... 

Laughed ... 

Even as shock and fear silenced and paralyzed the other concubines. 

Maniacally, Kumi laughed, putting her palms on her cheeks, her fingernails guards framing her face. Even though she laughed, her eyes were sad. 

Falling to the floor, her chair falling too, Wen gasped as she felt and then saw the curved spring of Kumi's scissors, the blades forced inside her body. 

And Kumi was still laughing. 

Wen had difficulty grinding this information in her mind. Was it even happening at all? Was she having a nightmare? 

*** 

Two doctors arrived rather quickly. 

Not too long after that, the Emperor himself was pacing back and forth in the Sweet Carrot Palace's reception room. He'd sent all the other concubines away, anywhere else but near him. Eventually, one of the doctors went to him and knelt down. He was the one who had tended to Wen. 

"Your Majesty," that doctor said rather coldly, "Bamboo Lady Wen must be gently monitored. The child in her womb is safe, but she's still gravely injured. I'll prescribe the best medicines and salves for encouraging healing and rest." 

Although the Emperor's face relaxed a little, his fingers were still tense and shaking. "The child is safe? You're certain the pregnancy will continue as normal?" 

Nodding, the doctor said, "If the Bamboo Lady hadn't moved when she did, she might've lost her child, but the gods have smiled upon Your Majesty. The child is unharmed." 

The Emperor dismissed him, but he paced even more, his tongue wriggling and digging in his teeth. Then, after a while, the second doctor went to him and knelt down. "Your Majesty, I firmly believe that Pollen Lady Kumi is mentally unstable, or she was when the incident happened. I was able to bring her back to a reasonable state of mind, and then she finally understood what she'd done." He winced as he gave his next bit of information. "Contrition was so strong in her heart that she ... she cut off her hair. She looks ... like a eunuch." 

The Emperor put a hand over his mouth as he turned his body away. His eyes closed. His head pointed down. Then, he moved his hand away and asked, "Is this because of her pregnancy?" 

"I believe so, Your Majesty. I'll try to use different calming medicines on her, and some blood balancing tea, but I can't promise that she'll be cured, at least not until she delivers the child." 

After that physician was dismissed, the Emperor still paced around the room, at least until Min Ji nervously approached, lowered his head, and asked, "Would His Majesty care for a meal, or perhaps a hot cup of milk tea? The cooking eunuchs here are dutiful and well prepared to serve you." 

One of the Emperor's feet paused with the balls on the floor and the heel in the air. The other one paused too, but more flatly. His hand gripped an edge of a sideboard against a wall. 

Pollen Lady Kumi ... he hadn't given her too much attention before Wen had arrived. He'd given her some of his favor, and granted a decently high rank after some time, but he'd eventually lost interest. Now, he worried that this unusually difficult pregnancy might cause some form of permanent damage. If he'd only left Kumi alone ... she wouldn't have gotten pregnant in the first place. 

"Min." 

Min Ji shuffled a little bit closer and quietly answered, "Yes, Your Majesty? I'm here." 

The Emperor closed his eyes. From seemingly far away he could see tiny dancing dots, more than a rainbow's selection of colors. They violently swirled and popped closer and closer to him. A pressure formed in his temples and sinuses. His free hand moved up, the fingertips gently applying a little force between his nose and cheeks. 

He spoke. "See to it that the physician caring for Pollen Lady Kumi has all the assistance he needs. Also, with that physician's, guidance, have a new diet designed for her. It should be nourishing and as medicinal as possible, but also pleasant to eat." 

"Yes, Your Majesty," the eunuch said. "Are there any other orders for this humble servant?" 

Opening his eyes, looking at a pretty calligraphy painting that he was sure Wen had made, the Emperor said with half a groan, "The same for Wen. The physician should have everything he needs, and alter her diet. The monetary cost isn't important. The rarity of the ingredients isn't important. The amount of labor required isn't important. Whatever's feasible, whatever will help these two women, they must have it all. If I even suspect that they're being neglected, then someone's head will roll to my feet." 

Once he was finished giving his orders, the Emperor decided to check in on the two concubines. First, Wen, because she had the most physical harm placed upon her. 

She looked like a weak little corpse snuggling in her grave, but she was able to put on a smile for him. When the Emperor reached for Wen's hand, she took his with a surprising amount of strength, and she said, "I've heard of Pollen Lady Kumi's distress. If I could safely curl down for Your Majesty, I would do so. All this tired little concubine can do is give an inadequate verbal request. Please don't punish Pollen Lady Kumi. She had no evil intentions. I can swear by that." 

It was as if all the strings tugging on his body slackened. Wen's statements loosened him. His body and mind were calmed. His breath was released so peacefully. The lines in his face smoothed out. He held one of Wen's hands close to his face, but his lips didn't meet the soft skin. The maids were nearby. So, he asked for a hand fan. Yuwei was the one to give to him. 

He held the painted silk oval over his face, shielding the view. Then, as Wen gave a muffled sigh, her free arm putting her sleeve to her mouth, the Emperor let his lips press into her hand. 

His voice fell over the pretty knuckles. "It's difficult to find a flaw in you, Wen." 

Her blue eyes closed for a moment. Her round belly rose with her somber exhale. "The Emperor shouldn't hold such affections for his concubine. Those affections are too precious for only one concubine to keep for herself." 

He didn't know what else to say. 

*** 

Once the Emperor was confirmed to be riding in his sedan chair on a road, Yuwei started unraveling Wen's hair and combing it. "Mistress is a forgiving person, isn't she?" 

Lien was changing the water in a basin at a wash stand. "What choice does she have? Pollen Lady Kumi was clearly unwell, and everyone knows she's finely tied to our Mistress." 

Enjoying the gentle tugging of the comb's teeth moving through her locks, Wen said, "That unfortunate Pollen Lady has cut her hair away. She's truly regretted her moment of insanity. I can only support her." 

"While the Pollen's unwell," Lien said as she straightened up a stack of towels, "Mistress will be required to manage the palace as if she was the Madam." 

"Quite logical," Yuwei said as she put a lock of hair aside to take another. "It's a fine opportunity for our Mistress to have another piece of glory." 

"The Pollen will be impressed with Mistress once her illness is cured. She'll see how well managed this palace is, and she might even reward her." Lien went on to arrange a tray so it could be used to carry food later. "The Empress Dowager might even hear of it, and she could be reminded of how dutiful and intelligent Mistress is. Her heart might open for some forgiveness then." 

Wen touched her belly. 

She hoped those maids were right. 

*** 

A week or so passed very peacefully. Even with her injury, Wen was able to keep the palace in order. When a few lower ranking concubines had a dispute, she served as the judge. When one of them broke a rule, she ordered the punishment. She even managed Kumi's finances and consumption allowances, all with Kumi's permission, of course. Sadly, she had no more time to ... make notes on fiction ... during the Emperor's meetings. He graciously let her be. 

Both Wen and Kumi were looked over by doctors almost every day. Their diets were almost severe, but the flavors were still fine. There was much less sugar, but far more beans and nuts. Medicinal herbs, often fairly precious varieties, were used for both flavor and healing. 

When it came to the more literal medicines, the ingredients were sent along with written instructions from the doctor. The maids didn't exactly know how to read them, but Wen certainly could, and she explained them very well. Essentially, specific amounts of certain herbs and roots were meant to be ground into a powder and mixed into a cup of boiled water. The powdered, almost tea-like materials would always seem to be a combination of green and brown, and the water would look like sewage, but it smelled and tasted crisp. 

As for making and serving the medicine to Wen, Lien and Yuwei would take turns each day. On one fresh and vibrant morning, a time when birds and insects sang, Wen was feeling quite better and decided to sit at her writing desk for a while. Lien had to assist her to help keep the stitches in her wound from bursting. Yuwei soon arrived with the cup of steaming medicine on a tray. Her head was unusually low and her hands were trembling so much that it made the cup clang on the tray. 

Concerned, Wen turned to look down at her hands. 

There was something ... dark gold under Yuwei's fingernails. 

Snatching up Yuwei's hand, frightening her, Wen hissed out, "What did you put in my medicine?!" 

After making a loud sniff, her hand still shaking as it was held by her mistress, Yuwei quietly admitted, "The lie became a truth, in a way. And I am so easily intimidated." 

*** 

After this, the Emperor might never want to see her ever again. If she wasn't pregnant, then he might just have her killed, but it would be the same for a certain someone else in the end. 

Wen had asked Lien to send a letter to Min Ji, requesting that the Emperor summon her to his palace. It didn't matter much to her that she had a wound on her pregnant belly. She needed to speak to him as soon and as privately as possible. 

Once more, Wen learned that her trust in the Emperor was well placed. 

Too bad, she knew he soon wouldn't trust her. 

The Emperor summoned her to his palace, and both Yuwei and Lien escorted her there, making sure she didn't trip and harm herself. Then, inside a quite little library, Wen tried to kneel, but the Emperor told her not to do so. Kneeling too much might not be so good for the baby, or that's what some would believe. 

All the servants were soon dismissed. 

Palms on her belly, fingers laced, Wen looked down at the man's chest. He was wearing a pale green outfit with hanging sleeves and golden geometric embroidery. One of his sleeves fluttered as he reached up and touched her shoulder. 

"Wen," the Emperor whispered, his breath fresh and pleasing, his face moving in towards hers, "what's so urgent? Why are you so upset?" 

Wen knew she wouldn't be happy when all this was done. She'd be devastated. She hated this fact. She wished her heart wasn't tearing into throbbing bits. She wished she was cold and uncaring. 

But more than anything else, Wen was maliciousness incarnate. She'd harm herself if it meant ruining someone she hated. 

And Wen hated the one that had betrayed her. 

*** 

Behind a tall bush in the Sweet Carrot Palace's garden, Yuwei nervously waited, tugging on her own fingers and nibbling on her pink lower lip. Just then, another maid hurried to a spot near Yuwei. With determined eyes and a nod of her head, the other maid put a pouch of something in Yuwei's hand. 

That was when a small amount of guards and even some eunuchs appeared from their hiding places. Behind things, under things, even in secret underground tunnels. One thing a foreigner might not know is that an elven soldier was often a fine digger and sometimes they waited for their enemies like a trapdoor spider in its burrow. 

The other maid screamed but ... Yuwei only sighed and reached at one side, holding the pouch out to be taken. As the other maid was grabbed by her arms and taken away, a eunuch took the pouch from Yuwei and nodded to her. 

That other maid ... 

She was one of Pollen Lady Kumi's maids. 

*** 

The story that Wen told the Emperor ... several parts of it echoed in his thoughts. 
