 Pollen Lady Kumi was weak, couldn't leave her bed for very long, and she had a sickening yellow tint in her complexion. Wen visited her often, sitting by her bed and personally feeding her medicinal soups and teas. Sometimes, Kumi had to vomit. Sometimes, she had extremely horrible cramps in her lower belly, as if severe menstrual problems were paying her a hateful visit. 

Yet, Kumi often said, "It's nothing, nothing. Don't call a doctor just yet. I'm certain I'll find my strength again." 

But her condition worsened over time. It got to the point where Wen argued with Kumi about it. 

When the Emperor heard about the matter, he rushed to the Sweet Carrot Palace, although he held a handkerchief to his mouth when he entered Kumi's bedchamber. Wen was there again, sitting with a tray of food and drink in her hands. She put the tray on a little table and went down to her knees before the Emperor. "Good afternoon, Your Majesty. Your presence has honored us." 

His free hand swiftly gestured to Wen for her to get up. "Have you sent for a doctor?" 

"Yes, Your Majesty. He should be here soon." 

Only two minutes later, and the physician entered the room. He knelt, but before he could say anything the Emperor told him to get up and tend to Pollen Lady Kumi. 

She was so weak that she didn't even want to speak to anyone. 

Not much time passed. The physician soon told the Emperor with a dour voice, "Your Majesty, I believe this patient has been poisoned!" 

The Sweet Carrot Palace was the first suspected place for the poison. So, every single room was searched. Every room, even in the concubine's apartments. So many eunuchs all at once flooded the palace. It was so much more than anyone was accustomed to. 

Eventually, as Wen and her maids watched, her apartment was searched. Inside one of Wen's jewelry boxes, there was a mysterious little blue sack filled with powdered herbs that didn't really have an odor to them. 

That was when Wen knew she was in for a very ... unsettling ride. 

The Emperor ... he was likely heartbroken, or that's what Wen assumed, because he didn't even come to personally tell her what his decree was. He just ... gave the decree and left the palace as soon as he'd heard the news. Wen sadly watched him in his sedan chair as she gazed out her window. Despite the distance, she noticed that his hands were in tense fists in his lap. And he was trembling a little. 

According to the decree, Wen was confined to her apartment. No visitors allowed. Only her maids would tend to her. The Emperor had to be wary and not have her killed right away. There could always be more evidence. And there was the unborn child to think of! 

Still ... the idea of his new favorite concubine being so evil ... Wen knew it had hurt him. 

She put one of the Emperor's old boots on her lap and sighed. Some minutes later, she decided to write something down on some scrap paper. She let the boot clunk down to the floor. 

"Whether it's a few seconds or an eternity, to know you think of me in such a way is a slow, unforgiving pain." 

Then she went over to a tall brazier, where coals were burning. She put a cloth over the lid's handle to protect her skin. Then she pulled the lid away and put that paper she'd just written on on the glowing coals. As the lid was put back in its place, Wen's spine curled a little. She was a grim, drooping figure. 

Lien came into the room then. She was carrying a tray with tea and rice crackers. As she sat the tray on the writing desk, she dared to say, "Mistress, there's not much to do except wait for you to be exonerated." 

"You're assuming that will happen," Wen said. "I'm no fool. We all know the motive's obvious." 

Lien sighed and told her, "This servant doesn't listen to such nonsense." 

"Aside from Pollen Lady Kumi, I'm the highest ranking concubine here." Wen crumpled her cloth in her hand and stepped away from the brazier. "If she died, I'd become this palace's Madam." 

Shaking her head, Lien said, "Mistress is tolerant and generous. Mistress would never harm Pollen Lady Kumi." 

"That's what you're required to say," Wen said as she sat back down at her desk. "Insulting one's mistress would likely earn you a beating and a dismissal." She sighed and folded her hands on the tabletop. "Have you seen Yuwei?" 

Shrugging, Lien said, "She put on a cloak and ran out of the palace. She said she needed to do something important." Pushing aside a lock of her nearly red hair, she remarked, "She'd better not be meeting a lover." 

Wen reached for a piece of blank paper. "Now more than ever, I need a well-behaved maid." 

*** 

The experts in the Medical Department were examining the poison that had been found in Bamboo Lady Wen's apartment. As for the Emperor, he was pacing back and forth in one of the reception rooms in his palace. His shoes made loud noises against the floor, but then were softened on a rug. 

Min Ji scurried into the room, half-knelt, and said, "Your Majesty, one of Bamboo Lady Wen's maids has appeared in front of this palace. She's kneeling in the snow and begging for an audience." 

The Emperor's feet halted on the rug. His pale eyebrows jerked up as he looked down at Min Ji. "Is she begging on Wen's behalf?" 

Shaking his head, the eunuch said, "No, Majesty. She said she knows of a dreadful crime but she'll only confess to you." 

Reasonably curious, especially given the circumstances, Emperor Shungjahe Shunlin's hand flew in the air as he called out, "Lead her in before she freezes to death!" 

The shivering little Guo Yuwei reminded the Emperor of a poor woman. Even though she'd been eating well with Wen, she was still too thin and far too pathetic. As she knelt before the Emperor, she prostrated herself and made loud, gloomy sniffing noises between each word she gave. "Greetings to His Majesty. This servant humbly apologizes for disturbing the Emperor's quiet." 

"Didn't you come here to tell me something important?" he impatiently said with a little groan, standing over her as if he was waiting for an opportunity to kick her, not that he wanted to actually kick her. 

After another thick sniff, the maid said, "Please save this weak maid, Your Majesty! My family's lives have been threatened, and so, I had no choice but to commit a crime!" 

The Emperor's heart twinged a little. He couldn't help it. This little maid looked like she could be easily bullied. He sat down in a chair and said, "Tell me more." 

"One of Seafoam Attendant Bora's maid's pulled me away while I was on an errand some time ago. Then, I was forced into hiding poison, and using it quite hatefully." And yet another sniff, along with a tiny wail. "I was instructed to poison Pollen Lady Kumi, and then plant the poison in my Mistress' belongings in order to frame her. Had I refused, my family members would've been assassinated." 

His stomach chilling, his face heating, the Emperor managed to spurt out, "What?" 

Some steps away from the Emperor, Min Ji gasped and out a palm to his cheek. "That Seafoam Attendant Bora again?" Then he shook himself like a wet dog and bowed a little. "Ah, I've spoken too much again." 

Then, without much of an introduction, which made sense since the Emperor had told them to put priority on this issue, another eunuch walked an important doctor into the room. They both knelt, and the eunuch said, "Your Majesty, this physician has said he's identified the herbs in the poison." 

Immediately, the Emperor told the doctor to list them all. 

And, how curious ... or perhaps not so curious ... all those herbs were known for growing almost exclusively in the province Seafoam Attendant Bora's family lived in. In fact, most of the herbs could be found in the forest surrounding that family's manor. 

Within three seconds, a vase ended up shattering, the soil inside practically exploding and the plant falling, as it was hurled at a wall. Then the Emperor made his decree. 

It was the final bundle of feathers that had finally caused a burden on the horse. 

Seafoam Attendant Bora was done. 

The Emperor would divorce her and put her to death. 

*** 

The unpleasant issue was dealt with before the sun set. That Bora's body, and the removed head, would be sent to her family both out of politeness and as a warning. They'd offered him a murderous creature as a concubine, potentially endangering him and the whole empire. 

Aside from the phrase, "good riddance," Lien didn't know what to think. So she didn't think too hard on it. She only kept working. 

Guo Yuwei was punished, but lightly so, because she'd hadn't poisoned Pollen Lady Kumi with evil intentions. She was only trying to protect her family. A year's worth of salary would be denied from Yuwei, and she'd receive twenty hits. 

She had to be carried back into Mistress Wen's apartment. In fact, the eunuch who helped Yuwei lie down on her pallet was that particular eunuch Lien had spoken to a few times, the one that had been granted by Pollen Lady Kumi a long amount of time off to visit his relatives. He said he pitied poor Yuwei and, with permission from Mistress Wen, he'd like to visit her at a later time to console her. 

The next morning, while Lien was rearranging some plates, she saw that eunuch politely enter. "Yuwei's still unable to move," Lien told him, "but she's been very brave. She hasn't cried since she was put down." 

"Thank you, Miss," the eunuch said as he went off to Mistress' bedchamber. 

Wondering if Yuwei might be having an affair with the eunuch (even men without testicles had their charms), Lien sneaked over to the doorway and hid a bit so she could listen in. 

"Oh, cheer up Miss," the eunuch said. "You still have your life." 

"I ... I can only be grateful that my family remains unharmed," Yuwei said. 

"My Mistress has said she pities you," the eunuch said, and here Lien thought she heard some metal pieces clanking together, but she couldn't be sure, "thusly, she's asking your Mistress to care for you very well." 

"Bamboo Lady Wen is an understanding Mistress, but she was so angry that even though I was weak on this pallet, she knelt down, grabbed me by my shoulder, and slapped my face four times." This was true. Lien had been frightened when she witnessed it. "I'm humbled by Pollen Lady Kumi's forgiveness, but I'm not certain if I can regain my Mistress' trust." 

Lien went off to look pretty busy so that when the eunuch returned he wouldn't be suspicious. 

Something was wrong. She didn't know what was wrong, though. 

At night, when she was tossing around on her pallet in the bedroom, Lien listened to Yuwei's weirdly appeased breath and Mistress Wen's gentle snoring. She thought of Pollen Lady Kumi's eunuch. Then Yuwei. Then Mistress. 

And reality whacked itself on her forehead so hard that she sat up and stared around at the darkness, desperate for something to change her mind. 

Just because the poison's ingredients had come from Bora's home didn't mean that she was the one to poison Pollen Lady Kumi! 

But ... but ... 

Holding her palm to her lips, Lien's thought shrieked out the phrase, "Mistress Wen wouldn't harm Pollen Lady Kumi!!" 

And ... 

Well ... Pollen Lady Kumi had sent that eunuch off for a long time. What if during that time, the eunuch had secretly gone to Bora's homeland and collected all those ingredients, or at least bribed someone else to gather them for him? 

Assuming this was true, why would that eunuch agree to get the poisonous ingredients? His salary was high enough that he wouldn't need a bribe from Mistress Wen ... 

But ... 

Lien fell back on her pallet. Her fingernails dug into her blanket. 

Pollen Lady Kumi didn't die ... 

But that was only because Yuwei gave the official "confession" in the end. 

Pollen Lady Kumi had been so forgiving. 

And ... when she'd first showed signs of illness ... she'd refused to see a doctor until ... until the Emperor arrived. 

Lien's knees bent so sharply that they might as well have creaked. 

What if ... what if Pollen Lady Kumi had agreed to secretly work with Mistress Wen? What if she'd sent her eunuch to find the ingredients, specifically the ones in Bora's home? What if she willingly took the poison, just enough to make her ill? What if that eunuch had given Yuwei money, likely from Pollen Lady Kumi, enough money to make up for the loss of salary, the beatings, and perhaps even more?! 

Her instincts demanded that she reveal this to someone, anyone. 

But Lien's eyes closed as she realized that was a good way to put a target on her neck. 

And Bora had been a fucking bitch anyway. 

Lien also realized something else as she finally let her body relax. Mistress Wen knew that she was a pretty honest person. She might not have been able to fully trust that Lien would keep up the ruse for long. That's why she'd chosen Yuwei to help her. 

*** 

Wen and Kumi were having a warm dinner with the Emperor in the Sweet Carrot Palace. It was a time for laughter and mild teasing. Even so, there were occasional moments where the Emperor touched Kumi's hand, looked right at her eyes, and said something tender. He'd often said that he was grateful to Kumi for caring for Wen so well. Wen's pregnancy was progressing beautifully. There was only a suggestion of a curve in her belly, but the Emperor liked to caress it through her clothing regardless. 

On this evening, the Emperor told Kumi, in earshot of everyone, that he'd like to have her come to his palace for the night, if she could bear to part with Wen for a time. Humbly, Wen lowered her head and made a pleasant smile as Kumi rose to give the Emperor a thankful half-kneel and said she was quite honored. Wen gave Kumi's shoulder a playful and caring little tap on her shoulder as she left for her apartment later, still wearing her smile. 

Kumi's brown eyes were so elated. 

Inside Wen's apartment, her maids were helping her change into a slightly more casual outfit. Lien even unwrapped Wen's hair and started combing it as she sat before a vanity mirror. 

As she was putting the hair ornaments away, Yuwei said, "Mistress is so unbitter. I don't know if she could ever feel jealousy." She could walk around, but she generally moved much slower than normal. 

"She doesn't have room to be jealous," Lien said as she dragged the comb's teeth through a section of hair. "None of the consorts do." 

"Regardless, many are." The ornaments tinkled as Yuwei meticulously put each one in their place. "Even if they aren't jealous of His Majesty's affections, they want glory." 

"Mistress' pregnancy has already granted her some glory" Lien said as she gently took another section of hair. "We should always be vigilant. Anyone could hold evil thoughts against her." 

Wen suddenly sighed and said, "You two should speak of other things." 

And that was that. 

*** 

Perhaps a week after Pollen Lady's single visit with the Emperor, he called Wen to his palace. It was the late afternoon. The air was much less cold than it had been, and the snow had melted away. 

They played a board game together. The game pieces were made of dark green and white jade. Wen savored the mental exercise. 

The Emperor's index and middle fingers slid a piece into a square as he said, "Your mother might benefit from seeing you. I'll grant her permission to visit the harem tomorrow so you two can enjoy each other's company." 

Putting her sleeve over her smile, Wen said, "Your Majesty is very kind." She got up from her seat and knelt down. "Your Majesty has my deepest gratitude." 

"Yes, fine." The Emperor's face was very placid and so was his tone. "Get up and make your move here." 

A bit more time passed on rather quietly. Then the Emperor suddenly said, "I have an odd confession to give you." 

Surprise loosened Wen's face as he told all the nearby servants to leave, including Wen's loyal Lien, and then she purposely held a shy expression, turning her eyes away from the board game. 

She heard the board being carefully dragged to one side, knowing he didn't want to ruin the game's progress. Then she felt his hot hand curl over hers. It gripped her snugly. "Pretty Little Bamboo, I've recently had the strangest, most contradictory feelings." 

Wen gave what was maybe half a nod. 

His thumb made a small whorl on her wrist. "I know you aren't unreasonable, but," he sighed here, "you're still new here, and I've given you so much attention. I'm worried that you might feel that ... that because you're so much higher than before, then you might be jealous when I ... when I offer my grace to the consorts that are so close to you. In my mind, I reconsidered asking for Kumi, but then I reminded myself that I had every right to all my consorts. However, I still worried over you." 

Wen coughed out a tiny giggle, but she successfully muffled it. "Your Majesty, a consort of yours has no right to complain to another. Your favor is your decision. We have little choice in the matter. Resentful feelings towards a consort would be improperly aimed." 

"Then, if the resentful feelings were put to me, would that be proper?" 

Wen could've pulled her hand out from under his. She could've given him a cold, unfeeling look. She could've asked to be excused. Instead, what she did was sigh and say, "If Pollen Lady Kumi has a child soon after mine, then they could become playmates. It's so wonderful for a child to have playmates." Wen put her free hand over the Emperor's. Three hands. Their jewelry tapped and clacked. "You should give Pollen Lady Kumi a few more nights of your time. One night might not be enough." 

He laughed. He sounded clear and free. His hand pulled away. "I can't remember ever meeting a woman like you before." A pleased little wrinkle formed in his nose's bridge, and his teeth peeked out a bit, as he nudged the board back in place. "Three days from now, I'm going to have an important meeting with certain officials. I'll be very agitated, and I'll need comfort." Before he made his next move in the game, he re-positioned one of his rings. "To be certain that you're there to comfort me," he put two pieces on two squares here, "I want you to be waiting close by, perhaps behind a screen." 

"Your Majesty? Are you asking for a consort of yours to sit within earshot of important government affairs?" The pink star that had been painted on her lips was stretched with her grin. "How amazingly rebellious of you." 

With a quick shake of his head, the Emperor said, "I don't know what you're saying. You're not going to listen to government affairs. You're going to dutifully wait near your husband to be sure that you'll be available to him. In the meantime, you'll have to write notes for your books." 

"Notes?" Wen removed some pieces from the board. "For writing books?" 

"Don't the best writers take notes before writing the actual product?" He smirked. 

Wen's exhale was very deep. 

*** 

Lu Shuyan was astonished by the luxurious interior of the Tree Cage. She was even more astonished when she entered the Sweet Carrot Palace. It wasn't the most glamorous residence in the Tree Cage, but it was enough for Lu Shuyan to stare at everything, her feet slow. 

First, she greeted Pollen Lady Kumi, kneeling before her in the reception room. Then, she waited for her daughter too arrive. Once Wen did, Lu Shuyan tried to give at least a half-kneel, but Wen told her not to bother. The affection between them was too strong for that. 

Wen took her hands and smiled as she greeted her. "Dear Mother, I'm so glad to have you here. Please come to my apartment so we can have a chat." 

At Wen's dining table, she had breakfast with her mother. Congee sweetened with honey and pickled fruits. Deep fried sticks of dough with soy milk. Rice dumplings wrapped in bamboo leaves and stuffed with cooked egg yolk. And fragrant milk tea. 
