 It had been almost a century since Alluva Lovedrake first learned of her draconic bloodline. The course was so diluted that she showed almost no outward evidence of her heritage, save for her vivid purple eyes and the only slightly oblong pupils within her irises. Over the decades, she'd used her guile, her wits, a plethora of aliases, and her body to infiltrate more organizations than she cared to remember.

Her first was the Harpers, consorting with many of their members before bailing out and moving on to the next. The Zhentarim's Black Network, the Night Knives of Westgate, the Shadow Thieves of Athkatla, the Arcane Brotherhood in Luskan, and an assortment of other neutral organizations that she could neither name nor remember were all a part of her past. Currently, though, the Cult of the Dragon had her utmost attention. 

She had been recruited by her true name by a young red dragon who was still thrice her age. Her bloodline, that of a long-dead purple dragon who's name the arrogant red refused to give her, had brought her to his attention, and she wasn't sure whether that was a good thing or not. After her last stint as Lady Violet, posing among the Red Wizards of Thay in and around Neverwinter, she had killed many dragons. Some inborn rage had lent fury to her sorcery, and she made a career out of slaying the winged beasts. Her decades of experience had aided her, but no more than the latent draconic heritage in her blood. 

Alluva found herself resistant to most of the dragons' magics. Her first victim, a small purple beast who's name she never bothered to learn, had provided her with her iconic purple-scale robe. The iridescent scales sheathed her body, the robe hugging her womanly curves. Long hair such a deep brown as to almost be black had an almost purple sheen to it. 

Now Alluva found herself in the clutches of the aforementioned red dragon and several purple-robed clerics of Tiamat. She had no idea how she'd gotten this deep into the organization, but somehow she had become revered by these "Wearers of Purple," leaders in their own right of the Cult of the Dragon. She did know, however, why the dragon had taken so fondly to her.

The beast had been named Fierkar when she met him. With deeply tanned skin and coppery hair, he had charmed her robe right off, revealing her large bosoms, broad hips, and powerful thighs. They'd rutted like animals for a straight tenday, taking breaks only to eat raw meats and drink water that sizzled right off their tongues. 

It was the best sex she'd ever had, and after he'd left with promises to rejoin her in the morning, she couldn't wait to continue their sexual adventures together. Indeed, she'd spent a good long time after that day awaiting his return, ready to swear off her espionage lifestyle. 

But the man never returned.

He'd left her only with a belly swollen with child.

Alluva went into hiding, knowing full well that her history had earned her many enemies. Enemies with magic enough to track her down and slay her, if she wasn't prudent. She was constantly warded. She spent all her energy maintaining her body for childbirth and shielding her abode, now in Waterdeep, from potential enemies.

The Lady Lovedrake, as she had formerly been called, kept to herself when she was out and about town. People that normally respected her for her air of dignity and for her sorcery now treated her with disdain. She was a single mother, pregnant to bursting. Her breasts had swollen to a size she had not ever seen before, and the lactation stained all of her good blouses—blouses that no longer fit over her immense breasts.

And as if that wasn't bad enough, when the birthing did come, the midwife she had hired fled in terror when she shoved out not a human child, but a black-scaled egg, dripping viscera. 

Alluva had no choice. This couldn't get out. With magic fueled by pain and confusion, she struck down the midwife with a massive blade of violet energy.

It didn't take long for the egg to start twitching. She'd incubated it for nearly nine months within her womb—a womb that was obviously as much draconic as it was human. It cracked, the scales sloughing off, and a baby girl with tiny talons jutting from her fingers and toes laid their crying within the egg. Her horns were stubby, tail short and fat, but what really stood out to Alluva were the jet black wings that spread out under her.

Her instincts took over. She lifted the babe from the egg and laid back on her birthing bed. Her breasts were free, nipples hard and dribbling milk. The babe latched on immediately and suckled. Sharp teeth couldn't penetrate her nipples, but the pinching sensation was unpleasant for Alluva. 

Alluva fled Waterdeep under cover of night, her babe shrouded in a thick blanket beneath her purple-scaled robe. Alluva did the only thing she could think of. She found a bandit hideout in the forest surrounding Neverwinter, slaughtered the thieves and brigands and rapists, and built her home there. Her magic served as guardsman, animating stones and enslaving elementals as she raised her daughter in secrecy. 

The girl, Lidia Lovedrake, was her pride and joy. She was curious and seemed to have a good heart, so Alluva arranged intermittent contact with wandering adventurers. Some proved to be good influences on the girl, and others showed Lidia exactly what Faerûn could be like at its worst. 

When Lidia grew into a teenager, a beautiful girl with jet hair and budding curves that Alluva admitted would drive most suitors wild with lust, her mother was forced into an awkward situation. 

The younger Lovedrake had taken a fancy to a lordling in a neighboring fiefdom that took to hunting on a regular basis. Lidia, heeding her mother's advice, had observed from afar, in stealth. Alluva, naturally, had to explain to Lidia the urges she was feeling.

Before the girl could begin to explore them, though, their little utopia was shattered by four massive, red-scaled feet on their front door. The creature, a red dragon as big as the bandit keep, quickly diminished into the same dusky-skinned, copper-haired man Alluva had met years ago.

"My daughter," he roared, his voice as loud as a dragon's even in human form. "Bring her to me, Alluva Lovedrake!"

Her rage overwhelmed her. She enacted a spell she'd long been working out the nuances to, channeling the magic through her draconic blood. Her skin grew iridescent violet scales, her robe fanning out behind her like gigantic dragon wings. Horns sprouted from her head and claws erupted from her hands. She flew out the front gate to meet the impudent red dragon with magic and dragonspell. 

But Fierkar surprised her. He fell to his knees at her appearance, arms splayed out wide. 

"Forgive me," he shouted, and Alluva felt the words hit her like a ton of bricks. She came down, wings unfurled, spell on her fingertips to rend him to bits, but held back. "I knew not what you were when we mated. A human would not have been worth my return, but you...you are something else. You are something splendid. You are Tiamat's chosen vessel! Be my mate!"

Alluva's spell disappeared in the blink of a very astonished violet eye. Her robe clung to her, her scales faded to normal flesh. Lidia appeared from behind her, staring timidly at the man who was a dragon.

"That's my father?" she asked in a petulant voice. Alluva put a hand on her back, between her wings, which twitched with agitation.

"It is," Alluva said, and Fierkar held his arms out to the teenager. Lidia retreated behind her mother, though. He seemed hurt at first, but returned to the matter at hand. He gazed into Alluva's eyes. Reminding herself that she was dealing with a dragon, a beast with intellect far out-striping her own, in most cases, she nodded. 

"On one condition," she said.

"Anything," Fierkar said, standing up.

"You keep your claws away from Lidia. She is my child. You forfeited that right by never returning."

Fierkar nodded, a bit too quickly. "You are correct, of course," he said. "Very well. Lidia is yours to raise as you see fit. We will raise a clutch of eggs together, though."

Alluva caught her breath for a moment, more curious at the opportunity. "Agreed," she said.

And thus her current situation.

Years had passed, and Lidia had long since run away from Fierkar's lair to pursue her own designs. Alluva permitted it. This was no place for as good a child as Lidia. There were half a dozen red eggs all around her, all birthed from her womb within the last tenday. They were small enough that her body could house more than one at a time, and that had infuriated Fierkar. The eggs were runty, he had said. The dragons would be puny, immature, not worth the fire in their blood.

Enraged, he had raped Alluva repeatedly with magic and cock. Were it not for her draconic magic and ability to shapeshift into the quasi-dragon form she had perfected, the times he had rutted her in full dragon form would have killed her outright. This was the product of a tenday of rape and magical torment. 

Alluva pushed out the egg and was shocked when she heard infantile screaming rather than the silent squelching sound of an egg slipping from her loins.

The dragon-priests looked down in horror, and from on high Fierkar looked down with draconic eyes at the child. 

Rage billowed forth from him in the form of a fountain of flame. He pointed his maw high into the sky, blowing an inferno so high into the sky it could have been seen for miles. Alluva looked down at the red-skinned babe, her horns small points on her forehead, her tail thin and short. Her fingers and toes had no claws as Lidia's had those years ago.

Golden eyes looked up at Alluva, and platinum hairs covered her head as a human babe's might. Its first sounds other than screaming were giggling. Very human giggling. 

Alluva grinned. She reached for the babe, but was pushed away by one of the priests.

"Kill it!" Fierkar roared. He repeated it over and again, sounding quite insane. "Kill it! Kill it! Kill it!"

One of the priests drew a long, curved dagger and began chanting over the child, her voice calm serenity under the manic shouts of the enraged red dragon. He raised the dagger high and Alluva's instincts overwhelmed her. 

Scales erupted form her flesh. Her cloak was gone, but wings sprouted from her back anyway. She exhaled blinding, burning force, pure and violet. The dragonpriests were incinerated immediately, and with pure adrenaline Alluva leapt into the sky, lashing at Fierkar with blades of force and burning rays of pure arcane wrath. 

Manic and severely wounded, the red dragon flew away, but not before he scooped the small red eggs into his claws. Alluva took the child into her arms and it immediately began suckling from her nipple. It drank a mixture of human milk and draconic magic. Alluva had no idea what would become of the child or how she would grow, but she knew she had to find parents for her. Her only quest now was to find Fierkar and her eggs.

She would kill him, and she would raise the dragons herself.