 Alluva Lovedrake was naked, glimmering with moisture in candlelight cast by two dozen candles crafted of violet wax. Her raven black hair was matted to her forehead, sticking to her slender, tapered back, but otherwise a mess of rich, hand-tousled hair. Her breathing was slightly elevated from her escapades of the night, which also explained the glisten on her tanned skin. Shapely, with just enough muscle beneath her soft curves, she cut a regal and seductive silhouette. 

Something the elven pleasure-lass—called Litissa, professionally—reclining on her sturdy, wide bed couldn't seem to take her eyes from. The woman was facing away from her, and the elf found herself drinking in every curve, every detail from ankles to neck. Few humans could moisten her thighs the way that Alluva Lovedrake did. Fortunately for her, the woman had taken a shine to her many years ago when she had actually been living in Neverwinter. The elf was delighted to find that she remembered her. 

"Do you thirst, me sweet?" Alluva asked without looking over her shoulder. She was standing next to an armoire that contained many rare liquors and wines, magically preserved—naturally. Even now, the raven-haired woman was sipping a Cormyrean brandy, making delightfully sexual noises with every sip. 

"I thirst," the elf said, "but only for the nectar between your thighs, my lady." 

Alluva looked over her shoulder, her black hair covering her eyes in a way that was meant to be coy, but came off only as ravenously sexual. "Wine, then?" 

"Please," the elf said, and Alluva smirked. She unsheathed a black bottle with spider webs designed right onto the glass. There was no label, but that was no matter. Alluva knew every beverage she owned by heart. She waved a hand over the stopper and it disappeared. The elf drank in Alluva's form as she came toward the bed. She'd seen the woman naked for the last six hours, but the generous swell of her breasts, capped with deep brown areola and nipples, the tightness of her abdomen—and the amethyst thrust through her navel—and the taper of her hips down into her sex never ceased to incite the lust burning within Litissa's gut. 

Alluva mounted the bed with her knees, walking herself over the elf until her neatly shaven labia was right over the pale-skinned elf's mouth. "Drink," she purred, casting a cantrip as she poured the wine in short spurts between her large breasts. The cantrip kept the wine in a fine river that flowed over her pierced navel and right down over her labia, to fall right into the elf's waiting mouth. She drank eagerly, savoring as best as she could before more of the dark, burning liquid tainted her throat. 

"What is that?" she asked her lover. 

"Drow mushroom wine," Alluva said. "From Ched Nasad, before it fell decades ago." 

"It's delicious. Pungent, but burning my throat in a way that makes me hunger for more. It feels like sweet bliss and the darkest corruption." 

"Not unlike the drow," Alluva said slyly, taking a drink straight from the bottle before conjuring the stopper back within the bottle. She set it aside and shared the half-mouthful of wine with her elven lover, hardly lamenting the loss as the deep violet liquid stained Litissa's cheeks and her pillow cases. 

"Decadent, deviant," Litissa said after the kiss. "Not unlike you." 

Alluva grinned, licking wine off the elf's neck, then moving lower, suckling at her petite breasts that were just large enough for her palms. The pale pink nipples had been achingly hard since she'd stripped the slender courtesan of her evening gown; the black silk was crumpled at the foot of the bed, stained from their earlier dalliances. 

Litissa moaned hoarsely into the empty, opulent bedroom. Magical starlight filtered in from a ceiling that only appeared to be open. The illusion was part of the charm. Litissa's back arched as Alluva kissed lower, over her slender abdomen, pausing long enough to suckle the dangling chain of rubies hanging from her navel into her mouth and swirl her tongue around them. The sensation of the piercing made her navel tingle and sent little spasms of delight right down her spine and into her swollen, pinkish mound. 

Both of the women had been rubbing at each other vigorously all night, and they were both on the edge of being too sensitive for pleasure. But that was no moment to them. They would ride each other until their cunts bled, as long as they were still getting off from it. Alluva was a woman of excess when it came to her pleasures, and Litissa had made a career of excess. It had been a long night, and there was no end in sight. 

Before long, Alluva's mouth was clamped over the tight, petite little vulva between Litissa's thighs, licking and suckling at the elf's clitoris, tongue prodding into her canal, which had taken everything from Alluva's vast collection of sex toys, her entire hand, and even a magical attachment that the sorceress had thrust into her cunt to fuck the elf with. This was just a warm up though, she knew. Alluva's hands grasped the elf's thighs just behind the knee and threw them back, doubling the elf over and revealing the pristine, pallid pucker between her cheeks and below her pussy. The sorceress attacked it with lascivious abandon, her tongue swirling around the elf's asshole and thrusting in and out repeatedly. 

Alluva tongue-fucked Litissa's asshole with abandon. And once she felt the tight ring of muscle relax and loosen up, she took the bottle of wine she'd set aside, poured it liberally over her hand and the elf's loins, using it as a makeshift lube as she began working her fingers into the elf's anus. Litissa's eyes rolled up into her head and she cried out loudly as her asshole was slowly, gradually stretched by the woman's hand. It was no mean feat, but the elf was able to take three wine-drenched fingers into her asshole. 

Moreover, the alcohol was absorbing right through the thin membranes of her rectum, and she felt the effects much more keenly. Her elven constitution had slowly been whittled away by liberal amounts of alcohol all night, and this was the icing on the cake. She finally felt a bit tipsy, her head spinning as her asshole relaxed further. 

And then, her first anally-induced orgasm of the night shook her body into convulsions that made her gasp and pant for air like a fish out of water. 

Alluva was giggling like a young girl when she pulled her hand out of the elf, licking the wine from her digits as she kissed her way back up the senseless elf's body. They locked lips, their tongues dancing lazily as Alluva slid her more voluptuous body up and down the elf's, her harden nipples scraping against the elf's soft, pale flesh. 

Finally, the elf recovered and twisted around, mounting the woman slowly, her hands groping at Alluva's breasts. She pinched the woman's dark nipples between her fingers as she squeezed and kneaded the woman's breasts. With a grin bordering on deviousness, the elf laid atop her lover, hands reaching around the bed sheets as she kissed and bit at Alluva's face and neck until her fingers closed around the thing she'd been hunting for. 

Making a show of things, she stood up, standing with legs spread over Alluva's face. She took the dildo that Alluva had conjured and thrust the stubby, thick end into her pink pussy, going slowly so Alluva could watch as her dripping snatch took the prosthesis in. Then she knelt, letting the stiff, almost rubbery object slide over Alluva's face and between her breasts on her way down between the woman's thighs. 

"My turn with this thing," she said, grinning. She slid the broad, round head of the smooth object up and down the woman's slit, letting her juices lubricate the shaft, then aligned it with the woman's asshole. 

"Oh, bloody hells, yes," Alluva groaned when she realized the elf's intent. 

Litissa entered her without subtlety, quickly, with a sharp stab of her hips. Alluva cried out, her back arching, her hands immediately grasping her own breasts. Litissa held the woman's thighs up, hooking her legs over the elf's shoulders, as her hips pumped furiously back and forth, fucking the woman's asshole with every ounce of power she could muster in her slender frame. 

Alluva reached down and mauled her cunt with fingers so at home between her thighs that they knew without thought what to do. Tight circles ground her clit into her mound, twisting it around and around while the elf plowed her asshole. Her breasts wobbled merrily back and forth with every furious thrust the elf gave her, and her orgasm shook her into a quivering mass of flesh and wine. 

Litissa was laughing throughout the orgasm, delighted at the effect of her ministrations. Alluva joined her as soon as she recovered. 

They collapsed against each other, sated for the moment. 

But that moment was soon to pass, and there were dozens more toys, many more hours of night, and a great many varieties of liquor for them to get through before their time was to be done. 

When the sun began to crest the horizon, heralding morning, Alluva roused her meditating lover from her trance-like sleep state. The elf had fallen asleep with her hand firmly embedded in Alluva's loins, and the woman's nether lips were puffy and swollen, not to mention stretched and sore, from the fisting. She pulled the slender appendage from her pussy with tender care, wincing with every fraction of an inch. 

Litissa moaned and purred, coiling herself up against her lover's shapely thigh even as Alluva was trying to leave the bed. 

"Time to go home, pet," Alluva purred, stroking the elf's silky hair. 

"Can't this be my home?" the elf asked mournfully. 

"Well, yes," Alluva said, canting her head to the side. "If you don't mind spending all your days in a micro-pseudoplane. Only to leave when I bring this cottage into the Prime Material Plane, unless you travel with me." 

"I could travel with you." 

"I'm hunting a dragon," Alluva said flatly. 

"I could live in a pseudoplane," the elf corrected without missing a beat. 

Alluva smirked. "What of the Moonstone Mask?" 

"What need have I of work if I live at your pleasure?" 

"A good point," Alluva conceded. She gave the elf a serious stare. "Are you quite certain this is the life you wish?" 

"I have centuries to regret my decisions," she said. "Right now, I live for pleasure. It's all I care about. Experiencing it in all its wonder." 

"A temporary arrangement, then?" Alluva asked. 

"You cannot live more than another dozen years," the elf said with a smirk. 

"Oh, little one," Alluva said. "You know so little about me. When last we met, did I not look exactly the same as I do today?" 

"Well, yes," the elf said, "but magic can aid in hiding the appearance of aging." 

"As can draconic heritage," Alluva said with a grin that was suddenly more menacing, with teeth that seemed sharper, a head that seemed to grow a crown of horns, and skin that seemed to shimmer with a reflection of violet scales. 

The elf's eyes went wide, then her grin followed suit, growing broad across her face. "All the better, then," she purred. 

Alluva smirked, her draconic visage melting away. She rummaged through a few drawers before snatching up a shard of amethyst that flickered from the inside. 

"Here," she said, handing it over to the elf. "Dress yourself and return to the Mask. Gather your things around you and speak my name into this stone. It will teleport you and your closest belongings right here to my bedroom." 

The elf snatched up the stone with glee. "I look forward to seeing you again, Lady Lovedrake." 

"Likewise, pet," the woman said. Once dressed, she sent the lovely elf out the front door of her cottage with a sharp swat on the ass, smiling with pleasure at the firmness she felt. "Until next time," she said to herself once the door shut. She closed her eyes and willed her violet robe onto her body, her staff into her hands, and her travelling gear into a pack tucked into a large extradimensional pocket sewn into her gown. 

She uttered a word of power and suddenly she was standing in Neverwinter Wood, her cottage miniaturized to a small statue in her palm. 

***** 

Vath whimpered out a curious noise as she rested her head against a lump of bundled blanket, then lifted it again to look down between her thighs. The sensation was absolutely foreign to her, but it was undeniably pleasing in a way she'd never fathomed before. 

Kneeling between her gray-green thighs, Lidia's sleek, pale legs were spread wide enough that Vath had to hold her legs apart. The half-dragon's pallid cunt was puffy and pink, having been ravaged by finger, hand, and mouth for hours. Her own sex was puffy and very nearly raw from the same treatment. The two had been at it for most of the evening now, out in the wilds of Neverwinter Wood. 

Except now Vath was getting to experience something new for the first time in years. The dragon's tail was curled between her own thighs, sliding against her own puffy sex, while the tip was curling up and down Vath's slit. The tip was firm, with a distinctly tapered tip, but was fleshy and somewhat pliable as it pressed against all her sensitive bits. As the appendage began to slide into her sodden sex, though, was when Vath couldn't help but crane her neck to watch. 

The muscles in her jaw and neck were starting to burn from the effort, but she watched, regardless, as inch after inch of that tapered appendage slid into her womb. She could feel it coaxing its way against her cervix and felt her canal stretching to accommodate the surprising thick tail. Moreover, it was starting to undulate and wiggle inside her, providing her with stimulation she'd not ever felt before. 

"This is amazing," she breathed, resting her short-haired head against her blanket-pillow. Lidia grinned, her hands sliding up and down her body, sharp nails scratching the flesh just enough to torment the half-orc, but not quite enough to break the skin. Raking over her large breasts, scraping over the sensitive areolae, Vath let out another whimper, arching her back as Lidia slid her hands down to the half-orc's hips. 

Lidia grasped Vath's thighs and lifted them up and back, leaning over the ranger. Her own sex pressed against Vath's as she began to thrust forward and back, her tail following suit as she ground their clits together. So overused were they, that every touch was like a spasm of lightning throughout their worn bodies. 

Vath came in a handful of heartbeats, squirting her ecstasy all over Lidia's soft, lightly defined abdomen and the V of her hip bones. The half-dragon also came, grinding herself for a few more moments before her leathery black wings fanned out behind her and her head arched backward, her howl of bliss echoing throughout the night's sky. 

The half-dragon collapsed against Vath to the music of a red dragon toddler howling in response, and the musical grunting and moaning of Iliara and Cyra not far away. 

***** 

"I'll never tire of this," Cyra said, looking down at her elven lover. She was reclining on a natural chair formed by a lightning-felled tree. She draped enough of her travelling blanket over the wood to make it reasonably comfortable. The elf looked up at her, her pale skin and golden hair almost glowing in the moonlight. Her forearm was glistening, as was her wrist, for her entire hand was nestled neatly inside Cyra's pussy, the half-dragon's nectar flowing freely from multiple orgasms caused by that dexterous hand. Even now, Iliara was gently twisting and pumping her hand, her fingers pressed in close to form a cone within her lover's cunny. 

Iliara breathed deep, licked at her own forearm to taste the cinnamon-esque flavor of Cyra's nectar, and smiled up at the golden-eyed woman. "Nor will I," she purred. "I've never loved another as I love you, my dragon." 

Cyra leaned forward, her legs splayed wide. She held the elf by the cheeks with both hands, smiled, then pulled Iliara's face into her swollen cunt. The elf didn't bother resisting, rather, she let her tongue do her talking as it danced over the distended clitoris thrusting from the bright red folds. She moaned in delight at the flavor, and Cyra's hoarse cry was one of utter, overwhelming bliss. She lifted her legs off the ground and threw them wide. Sliding down to lay on her back, she let her legs fall back over her muscular, strong body. Thick thigh muscles framed her breasts and shoulders as she doubled over backward. Iliara knew the drill. 

Fingers slickened with her own elven juices, Iliara pressed two digits into Cyra's waiting, slightly gaped anus. She was ass-fucking her with three, then four fingers in short order as Cyra opened herself up entirely for the elf. A combination of elven nectar, saliva, and half-dragon juices slickened her anus enough for Iliara's slender hand to work its way into the muscular woman's anus. 

Hands filling both holes, a rare delight for Cyra, she cried out to the night sky, heard Drax bark back at her in his juvenile voice, and cried out all the louder. In the distance, she heard Lidia and Vath moaning loudly, and it only heightened her pleasure. 

Finally, a cataclysmic orgasm ruined her. Fuck-drunk, Cyra's eyes rolled into the back of her head as her body convulsed for many moments, then went limp, leaving Iliara to work her hands out of both used holes, leaving them gaping for just an instant before they reverted to their normal state. 

"My love," the elf said affectionately. "Thank you for having a tail!" 

Cyra could barely muster a smile as her tail went limp along the base of the ruined tree trunk. Iliara sat and splayed her legs over the blanketed bark, revealing her petite, pink and red pussy. She was gleaming all over her inner thighs and vulva. She grasped Cyra's tail and stuffed it into her wet cunt, tugging it until it had no slack to give and began bucking her hips, feeling it undulate within her loins. She rubbed at her clit furiously for a short while before her final orgasm showered the crimson appendage in her elven nectar. 

She mustered what little strength remained to crawl onto Cyra's lap and fall asleep curled up in her lap, atop her thick thighs, head nestled against her warm, soft breasts. 

***** 

The morning after, the four comrades were all beaming, smiling, and nearly falling all over each other as they travelled up the trail that Lidia said would lead them to her mother's cottage. 

"The three of us have been hunting these woods for many months," Cyra said. "We've never known a cottage in this area." 

"It usually isn't," Lidia said. "Alluva Lovedrake is no middling hedge wizard. She is a sorceress with power that I've never seen a match to. Her cottage doesn't fully exist on this plane of existence and is a treasure trove of pleasure devices."  

"Then I suggest we make all haste to her palace of delights," Iliara said with a smirk. 

The three other females shared a conspiratorial grin with each other before Drax howled up in the sky and came soaring down between them all. Cyra stroked the beast's maw before looking up at Lidia, who had a brow arched in curiosity. 

"Sister, this is Drax. He's taken to me as a mother, but I truly have no idea how to play that role," Cyra said, shrugging. Her heavy breasts shifted as she did so. 

"That's because you are not his mother," came a stern, authoritative voice. A woman fluttered down from the sky, violet wings spread out wide, her black hair windblown around her head. Violet scales cradled and covered her breasts and clasped her hips, covering her delicates in a sheath of dragon-scale armor. When she landed, the wings drew back in, and the scales receded to form the iridescent, purple-scale robe unique to Alluva Lovedrake. 

"Mother," Lidia said, smiling and embracing her. Cyra held back, not quite willing to surrender her heart to this woman, having just learned of her heritage. 
