 Sabine let the cool water beat against her tired aroused body. Thinking of her lover always made her hot and bothered. Her cunt wept and tingled at the thought of his cock pulsating inside her. The memory of his kiss felt like a scar that never healed. Gabriel's hands all over her as he would roughly take her then sweetly make love to her for hours. 

Just as Sabine was thinking of him she felt a pair of familiar thin lips press against her neck and a pair of sinewy biceps encircle around her small waist making her skin sizzle and tingle. 

"I've missed you," the Archangel whispered. 

Sabine smiled as she turned to face her celestial paramour. Gabriel crushed Sabine's mouth with his passionately, hungry for her body and soul. Their bodies pressed firmly together as their tongues sought each other out. The heat from their bodies making them impervious to the cool waters. 

"What kept you away so long?" Sabine broke the kiss. The heat of Gabriel's body was like being embraced by a roaring flame. 

"An Archangel's chores are never done," Gabriel grumbled as he cupped her ass feeling the heat of her femininity against his hardening erection. 

"Sounds exciting," Sabine spoke drily. She kissed his sensuous lips feeling the vibrations of the growls of lust he emitted.

"You are much more interesting," Gabriel spoke between their seething kisses. His tongue danced inside of Sabine's mouth, pressing to the roof of her mouth then slowly drawing his tongue back seductively. 

"I hate when you go away...," Sabine groaned as she kissed his neck feeling his pulse quicken beneath her lips. Gabriel pushed her against the cool mint green tiles of the shower. 

"Let me make it up to you," he whispered his voice raspy with lust.

The Archangel knelt before Sabine as if worshipping at a holy altar. Gabriel kissed the nest of curls at the juncture of her thighs. He inhaled the scent of her arousal, his archangel senses more heightened than humans. Sabine uttered a small whimper as Gabriel kissed her delicate flower, his tongue teasing her pussy lips, tasting her love juices. He would have her screaming his name by the end. 

Gabriel then took Sabine's leg, resting her thigh on his broad shoulder to give him better access to her ripe sex. He lapped at her folds, tasting her succulent nectar as if he was dying of thirst from being in exile in the desert. Then his serpentine tongue dived into her warm wet canal causing Sabine to groan longingly. Gabriel sucked and nibbled on her budding clit making Sabine's breath catch in her throat, her fingers gripping Gabriel's dark wet hair.

Sabine's short pants melted into sonorous moans as Gabriel worked his tongue inside her. He felt her quiver from the ecstasy. He was all that was holding her up at this point. Sabine didn't need to guide or tell the angel where to go. Gabriel instinctively knew how to make a woman his, knew all of her erotic parts and how to turn her into a puddle of sensuality. 

As Sabine's orgasm rippled through her body she sighed euphorically, "You know how to apologize to a girl..." Gabriel grinned wickedly as he rose to his feet and spun Sabine around, her breasts pressed against the wall, her nipples as hard as diamonds. 

"I'm not done apologizing," Gabriel growled, a beast in heat as Sabine felt his rigid manhood pressed against her. Sabine kept lubricant in the shower just in case a date became spontaneous or whenever she was feeling frisky by herself. Gabriel took a hug drop then seductively began rubbing the lube from her arse hole to inside her labia. Sabine sighed and moaned as the Archangel payed special attention to tender flesh that tensed then melted at his expert touch. Once he finished applying the product Gabriel breathed huskily into her ear as he pushed his powerful masculinity inside where it was warmer and wetter. 

Sabine's body was aflame with lust and desire as the line between pain and pleasure blurred with Gabriel's cock pumping in and out of her. She squealed in euphoria as Gabriel thrusted then paused then slowly pulled out of her until he quickly thrusted again. His cock pulsated inside of her tight passage. Sabine clenched her muscles around his fiery sword smiling as she heard him groan her name, "Sabine..." When he would draw himself out Sabine squeezed her muscles, milking him as he thrusted then withdrew.  

Gabriel filled Sabine up like no other man. Like no other human man. Their fingers inter locked as Sabine felt Gabriel's liquid heat leak down her thighs, his angel seed shooting into her womb. Gabriel felt his lover's inner muscles lock around his smoldering rigid flesh as her second and possibly third orgasm crashed through her causing her knees to buckle. Sabine was glad that Gabriel was holding her up as her legs would have failed her the minute he let go. 

"My Archangel...," Sabine sighed as Gabriel grew soft inside her then slipped out. He kissed her ear then her neck then licked and kissed her shoulder. Sabine's skin tingled as Gabriel's teeth grazed over her human flesh. Then Sabine felt a slight pain. The Archangel's white teeth sunk into her shoulder as if she were a ripe peach. He broke the skin as Sabine watched small crimson droplets grow then be washed away with the water. Gabriel left his mark. It stung but then Sabine groaned as the endorphins kicked in.

"Was that payback?" Sabine asked curiously. A smirk playing on her lips. She had bitten the Archangel Gabriel on the shoulder as a form of rough foreplay once at their last amorous playdate. 

"Just something to remind you to whom you belong to," Gabriel inhaled Sabine's rose scented shampoo and fresh orange blossom soap. It was the most intoxicating scent Gabriel had ever breathed.

"I don't need any reminders," Sabine turned her head and planted a lingering kiss on Gabriel's stubbled cheek. "But I'm happy to have a souvenir." 

***

Sabine lay in bed entwine with her Archangel lover deep in sleep. She woke to find him still asleep. She studied his sleeping profile. He looked so regal and less troubled when he slept. Often Sabine would find Gabriel brooding, his amber eyes far away in some far off land that she couldn't reach him until she kissed his neck then nibbled his ear lobe. 

"Come back to me," Sabine would say. Then Gabriel would oblige without a word, laying her down on the floor or the bed or wherever they were and bury himself so deep that he would temporarily lose himself again. 

Right now the Archangel was sleeping soundly. Sabine wondered what dreams flitted behind those dark eyelids. Gabriel stirred. His one opened revealing the fiery amber iris that Sabine found so magical. 

"Like what you see?" he asked still in a haze of hot sex.

"Very much," Sabine crawled over then gently kissed Gabriel's thin sensuous lips tasting their bittersweetness. Gabriel tasted remnants of his own salty flesh on the human woman's lips. She loved taking all of him into her mouth then teasing him with her wicked tongue as her bedroom eyes watched him like a lazy tigress devouring her prey. 

"Don't you have work?" he asked once Sabine let him breathe. 

"Winter break," Sabine said. "I was thinking of going away for the week. My father owns a cabin and he's giving it to me while he's visiting family in Serbia."

"Alone?" Gabriel cocked an eyebrow. Clearly Sabine was angling for him to go with her. An Archangel didn't get a vacation so often. 

Sabine pursed her pink lips like a rosebud and playfully shrugged. 

"There was this guy who's been flirting with me in class that I might ask...," she coyly remembered as she traced a circle around Gabriel's nipple. The nipple became erect and Sabine couldn't resist. She lowered her head then kissed the dark brown nub. 

Gabriel felt himself harden again as he felt Sabine's satin tongue lick and flick his nipple. Her hot breath, her wet mouth, the feeling of her dark sable curls draped on his chest. He was getting goosebumps. 

"Do you like him?" he asked though the idea of someone trying to steal Sabine away from him even a frail human was enough to raise his ire. 

"He's very good looking," Sabine said as she rest her chin on Gabriel's firm chest watching him with her unfathomable dark eyes so full of sensual promise. "And he makes me laugh..."

Suddenly Gabriel was on top of her, pinning her wrists to the pillows. He was arched over Sabine like a lion that caught his antelope. She felt Gabriel's aroused organ throbbing against her molten sex that began to weep at the anticipation of being invaded again. Gabriel's amber eyes like fiery coals seared into her own cool chocolate eyes. They simmered in the intense silence. Sabine became familiar with Gabriel's dark moods. She found him to be quite possessive. More than a normal human male. Angel emotions ran deep. As deep as the Grand Canyon with deep roots. 

But the jealousy fueled Gabriel's fire. Sabine lifted her hips to press further against Gabriel's tortured flesh feeling him quiver as he sensed her human need. She wanted him desperately. She wanted him to pierce her molten core and bring her to that dizzying height of ecstasy that only angels could reach. 

"I can make you laugh," he whispered roughly. Gabriel pulled back his hips and Sabine lifted hers to meet him as his hot flesh buried into that tight yet delicate softness between her supple thighs. 

"I don't want you to make me laugh," Sabine spoke in a breathy whisper that aroused Gabriel's ears making him thrust deep. Sabine bucked her hips, her back spasming as she felt a ripple of sensual tingles spread through her muscles. 

"What do you want me to do?" Gabriel asked as he pulled slowly back. Sabine relaxed though she prepared herself for the second attack. 

"Make me scream," Sabine whispered. Gabriel quickly thrusted again causing her to close her eyes, her mouth open in a silent scream, her face the picture of ecstasy. 

"As you command," Gabriel sunk his turgid organ into where she most ached for fulfillment. Though she never got an answer to her previous question. Perhaps Gabriel would surprise her at the cabin...