 **Author's Note: Because I'm working on other stories this story is just mostly random scenes. It may be weeks between each parts.

*****

They didn't make it to the bed again. Sabine purred, stretching out on the rug on the floor of her living room as she felt her celestial lover's lips imprint fiery kisses on the flesh of her lower back. She moved her long dark hair, letting it drape over her shoulder to reveal her back that glistened with sweat.

Snow was falling gently outside, blanketing the city in a thick white layer. The sky was a dark velvet gray, the winter afternoon quickly turned to evening. The lovers were illuminated by a single lamp light in the living room. 

Sabine smiled as she felt Gabriel's sensuous lips approaching her shoulder. She could feel his iron hard manhood pressed against her arse. Her womanhood weeping with need. But Sabine's stomach growled with a greater need.

"I want more...," Sabine purred as Gabriel buried his face into her nape.

"Insatiable...," Gabriel growled happily. 

"Food," Sabine chuckled. She had picked up some Chinese take out earlier. She wasn't planning a big night out being too exhausted with a heavy workload at college. She hadn't seen Gabriel in weeks, Sabine was starting to get depressed. 

Then Gabriel was waiting for her, drinking her vodka looking out the window. They ate then immediately started making love. 

"There's still some rice and chicken though it might be cold," Sabine tried to get up but Gabriel held her down, pinning her wrists to the floor as he rubbed his tortured flesh against her sopping femininity.

"I'm not quite done with you yet," Gabriel grinned wolfishly, lust burning in his amber stone eyes, flashing like fiery coals. 

He tasted her neck sending small tingles of pleasure to Sabine's pussy that throbbed with lust. She arched her body, her hardened nipples grazing against the Archangel's bronzed chest. 

Their fingers interlaced as Gabriel rubbed himself against Sabine's wanting sex. Their lips met, tongues moving inside each other's mouths in a seductive dance as Gabriel's supernatural manhood found it's way inside of her, stretching the walls of flesh, rubbing against her fat clit. 

Sabine sighed in bliss as her archangel rolled his hips, reaching deeper within her. She wrapped her legs around his waist, locking him in place, driving him in. She managed to slip out of his grip and roll over on top of the horny archangel.

"Where do you go?" Sabine asked as she slowly rocked her hips causing Gabriel to groan. "When you leave me?"

Gabriel sat up, licking the sweat that dripped from Sabine's chest. Sabine raked her fingers through his sandy blond hair, loving the feeling of his rough tongue against her flushed hot skin.

"It would bore you," he whispered into her neck.

"I'm sleeping with an angel," Sabine interjected as Gabriel took her brown nipple into his hungry mouth. "Something that shouldn't exist. You're saying celestial beings have boring jobs?—Ah!"

Gabriel nibbled her sensitive nub, flicking it with his tongue sending shivers through Sabine's luscious body. He squeezed her ass, making her move up and down on his pulsating member watching with joy as her chocolate soulful eyes lit up with sparks.

"Are you sure you want to talk about this while I'm inside you?" Gabriel teased though it sounded like he wanted to avoid the subject desperately.

Sabine caressed her archangel lover's face in her hands, looking into his amber stone eyes. She saw eyes full of sadness, mystery. Mysteries she may never solve. 

"If I don't get something to eat I'll faint," Sabine smiled tenderly as she softly kissed Gabriel's warm forehead.

***

Sabine wrapped herself in a throw blanket as she stuffed her face with the rest of the rice, chicken and broccoli. To add more light, she turned on the ceiling lamp fan. 

The snow had stopped and night had fallen turning the city a midnight blue with colorful lights from buildings and traffic lights.

Gabriel sat opposite her drinking more of her vodka. He sat naked, his flesh rod not flaccid but somewhat erect. 

Sabine leaned back in her chair admiring her brooding partner with the musing eyes. Her body ached for him even now when it was in need of real sustenance. 

"Who's Isabella?" she asked suddenly. 

Gabriel froze. Sabine noticed his eyes become fiery first with anger then with despair. She regretted saying the name.

"Where did you hear that name?" he asked trying to keep his tone level. It wasn't working. Sabine swallowed hard, her rice suddenly feeling too large or her throat too small.

"You talk in your sleep," she admitted quietly. 

Gabriel sighed, running his hand over his face. Where once he was strong and virile, Sabine saw her lover wilt, showing his true advanced age. 

Thinking that he wouldn't tell her, Sabine attempted to change the subject, apologize for causing him pain until Gabriel spoke:

"She was my lover... a long time ago."

Sabine sat quietly, the table seemed to grow larger, further separating the couple. The silence stretched until Gabriel spoke again, his eyes became distant, lost in another time, another place:

"Isabella was one of the daughters of a caliph in the Holy Land. During the Crusades. The second one I think... I don't remember the exact details, so many wars tend to blend together after a while but she is the detail that stands out during that time..."

So Sabine leaned forward, brown eyes wide and intent, as the Archangel finally told her the story of meeting one of his greatest loves...

***

My brother and I, Michael, were in the Holy Land. It had been quite a few centuries. Not since the time of Jesus Christ have we been there. The city still stood. Amazing how stone could last such a long time. 

Michael was Father's greatest soldier. Lucifer had been His favorite but when Father needed a warrior He turned to Michael.

Michael has the look of an ebony god with a handsome yet somber countenance that made both men and women turn. He has the bearing of royalty but he seems so humble making him more attractive I suppose...

Michael took his pleasure from both men and women. Most angels do. Preference never mattered to us. Though I prefer the fairer sex myself. Just something about you women, so soft yet strong. You smell better too.

I snuck into a harem of a caliph. So many beautiful women. It was a sin for one man to keep them all to himself. And I myself am a man of excessive appetites. Of all the pleasures this world makes available to us I chose the pleasures of love.

The caliph himself wasn't a handsome man, I remember. He was stout with cruel features. Late 40s with many children already grown.

I was in bed with three of the caliph's concubines. Each more beautiful than the last. Their perfume filled my lungs, attached itself to my skin as their bare flesh rubbed against mine creating such friction I thought we would set the bed on fire. 

It was a blur where I didn't know where I began and where they ended. The taste of them, their lips, their flesh, tongues... But I'm getting caught up in the wrong details. I had my fill. 

The three lovely women who were so kind as to share their bed with me were all exhausted from lust and joy and I had to take my leave lest some eunuch or old crone came upon us. 

It would have been a sin to be the cause of death for such beauties. I stretched my wings feeling the cool desert night wind run through my dark feathers, on my hot skin. On the wind I heard soft music playing. A Turkish Oud playing a melancholy yet beautiful song. 

Never one to control my curiosity, I investigated the lovely melody. It was coming from within the caliph's palace. I perched on the balcony of the caliph's chamber, my heightened senses taking in every scent, sound, and sight... and what a sight did I see. 

The stout caliph was sitting in his mountain of rainbow golden threaded pillows with his exotic pets by his side. A leopard wearing a ruby encrusted collar and a blue and red parrot on a solid gold perch.

Then a young woman perhaps your age or a bit younger, with skin the color of cinnamon, long black hair as dark as a starless sky decorated with golden pins and sapphires sitting on a circular platform sitting on a large red pillow playing the Turkish Oud. 

She wasn't breathtakingly beautiful like the three women I just came from but there was some animal magnetism about her, some carnality that ran deep and primal. Also a kind of sorrow that she spoke not with words but with the tugging of those strings. 

Her eyes were her most outstanding feature. A pair of sensuous Persian blue eyes, full of mystery, watchful and scrutinizing as she plucked the strings of the Turkish Oud like one born with it in her hands. A sadness shone in them as she played her song for the caliph. 

I haven't cried in... I don't remember how long. Angels try to keep their emotions hidden and under control but like humans we occasionally can't help it when there's a sudden leak in the dam. By the end of Isabella's song my cheeks were wet with tears. 

Her song reached something within me that I thought I buried since the Fall of Eden, the Fall of Man. The caliph wiped a tear from his own fat cheek. 

"Allah has given you a great gift, daughter," the Caliph said wiping the tears from his black eyes. "My Isabella." 

Isabella was his second eldest daughter. His fifth child and favorite. Daughter of a Spanish Christian lady who was kidnapped and forced to become one of the Caliph's concubines. 

The Caliph allowed his new concubine to name her daughter since she was a girl and not important enough to be given great care as to what her name would be.

Isabella's melancholy was drawn behind a mask as she smiled at her father. I would have stayed to hear more but I was discovered by a house cat of all things. It was a smoky gray with large green eyes that leered at me as if I were the strangest canary it had ever seen. 

It meowed ferociously, as ferociously as a cat can, catching the attention of everyone inside. 

"What is that cat mewling about now?" said the great Caliph with narrowed eyes. 

Isabella put down her Oud and went to investigate despite her father's insistence that their guards do so. With three guards following her, Isabella made it to the balcony as I had made myself scarce, gliding down to the gardens, hiding in the shadows I watched from the shade of a lemon tree. 

Isabella looked around, her jewels and gold trinkets chiming and jingling with her every movement. Her countenance was searching for the source of the commotion. 

Then she spotted me. I don't know how but she seemed to see me in the darkness. There was no moon but her dark blue eyes spotted me as keenly as any hawk. 

But she didn't scream. She told the guards that it must have been a bird. Isabella looked at me with those keen beautiful blue eyes then gathered her gray cat in her arms then left me wondering. It was then I wanted to know her... 

***

Gabriel stopped. The vodka bottle was empty. Sabine wished suddenly that she never mentioned Isabella but her own curiosity was her greatest weakness.

The name seemed to bring Gabriel such pain but there was some relief as well like a weight the Archangel had been carrying had been somewhat lifted.

Sabine dropped the throw blanket that covered her, feeling rejuvenated by sympathy. She knelt down before her lover as a devoted worshipper would at an altar in a sacred temple then tenderly kissed his sad lips. 

The warmth of her kiss ignited a fire in the angel as he took Sabine's face in his strong hands, feeling her breasts against his hardening sex. 

"I'm still kind of hungry...," Sabine whispered as she lowered herself, taking hold of Gabriel's engorged flesh. 

The Archangel groaned as she watched his angel cock disappear into Sabine's wanton mouth. Her lips wrapped around his rigid flesh and sucking it made his pulse quicken. He moved her dark hair away so he could watch her sucking him.

Sabine giggled as she felt Gabriel's member pulse and twitch at her every attention, when her tongue flicked the tip of his mushroom head how he shuddered in delight. Gabriel had opened up to her at last and this was his reward. 

"Sabine...," Gabriel groaned her name. She was happy to hear him say her name.

Sabine had felt a twinge of jealousy listening to Gabriel's story. What girl wouldn't be jealous of her current lover's ex? But she didn't want Gabriel to know her feelings. 

Sabine wanted Gabriel to think of her now not Isabella. Not a dead girl from long ago. Sabine would keep him from the past, hold him to the present as best she could. Then Gabriel's hot seed shot into her mouth, sliding down her throat. 

Sabine looked up at her lover who drew her up, kissing her mouth, tasting himself on her lips, in her mouth. He wanted her more desperately now than before if only to defeat the ghosts that now haunted him now that he had set one of them free...

***