 People think angels are these fairy creatures with fluffy white wings and kind smiling faces. Some believe that they're even genderless devoid of lust; desire was a foreign human concept to them. But the opposite is true. Humans were made in the image of angels. Angels are perhaps more messed up than humans. An angel's emotions run deep. Deeper than humans. When angels love something they are addicted to it. When angels hate it's a raging inferno. Angels still interact with humans, most of the time in a very intimate way. It's not easy loving an angel; it's even harder to love an Archangel. To be an Archangel's concubine the biggest rule is that a woman must be sterile so as to prevent the disastrous result that happens when two people fall into lust.

Sabine Bishop was in her late twenties living in New York City. She wasn't fat but she had sexy curves that made every boy she passed turn his head. Fair skin with freckles all over, a few moles as well. Ex-boyfriends have called them her "beauty marks". Long wavy dark hair as soft as sable with a chestnut sheen in sunlight. Ample C-Cup breasts that were soft white globes men wanted to kiss and nibble on. And deep chocolate eyes so full of curiosity, but at the same time there was a secret sensuality hidden there that made one wonder if she was truly an innocent or was it all an act? A siren like the ones from Greek Mythology. 

She was working towards her Masters in Mythology. Ever since she was a child she loved reading about myths and legends. She never expected any of those stories to be real. In fact she was a born skeptic. That was until she met him... 

It was at a bar. Not the place you'd think to meet an angel of the Lord but as it was said, angels are more like humans than others believe. Sabine was sitting at the counter watching the game. Though feminine Sabine was a daddy's girl. Her father loved baseball. He was a Serbian immigrant and baseball helped him fit in with the American culture.

"The Yankees are going to lose this year," a smoky velvet voice spoke to her. It was the sound of the voice more than the words that caught Sabine's attention. He was in his late 30s. A lean runner's body. Sabine always liked those types. Big muscle types weren't as flexible as thin lean men. Not to say this guy had any lack of muscle. Sandy blond hair with swarthy skin as if he worked in the sun all day. He had a Roman nose and a 5 o'clock shadow that surrounded a stern yet sensuous mouth. But his eyes were his most outstanding feature. 

His eyes were liquid amber hiding under dark lashes. His eyes were what held her. Their intensity tempered with a certain gentleness... as well as a sadness. Sabine felt like she was staring into the eyes of a wild majestic animal.

"What makes you say that?" Sabine asked remembering his slight against her favorite team. 

"I could tell you," he said with a charming grin. "Can I buy you a drink?" He smiled. That smile made Sabine's heart flutter. His accent was foreign. British? South African maybe. 

"That is the most basic pick up line I've ever heard," Sabine laughed. 

"I like to think of it more as a classic," he smirked. 

Sabine looked at him for a few moments. She was intrigued. There was an aura about him that she couldn't read. It was powerful despite his simple clothes. An enigma. 

"Alright then," Sabine agreed. "Classic it is. Can I ask your name?"

"Gabriel," he held out his hand and Sabine took it. His grip was firm but tender and very warm despite the cold weather but Sabine could sense that he was holding his real strength back. 

"Just Gabriel? Like Madonna?"

"Or Prince," he grinned.

*** 

They had talked for hours. Sabine had lost track of the time but she didn't want to leave Gabriel. 

"How about we go to my place?" Sabine offered. Gabriel grinned. 

"Do you often invite strangers to your place after one meeting?" he asked with a coy smile.

"You're not a serial killer are you?" Sabine cocked an eyebrow though she realized she had never thought about it until Gabriel said it.

"I'm not I promise," Gabriel spoke sincerely. She believed him. Sabine felt she could trust him though there was still that instinctive fear keeping watch just in case. 

"I'm not far," Sabine said as she saw it began to snow heavily. "Just a few blocks." 

They walked together braving the heavy snow fall, huddling together under Sabine's umbrella. Gabriel wore only a trench coat. 

"Aren't you cold?" Sabine marveled. 

"I'm never cold," Gabriel smiled but it had a secret joke that Sabine didn't get. But as they huddled together she realized that he was right. Gabriel was like a walking heater as she felt his heat ripple through her own clothes. It aroused her even. Sabine could feel her sex throb and become damp. Her cheeks burned either from Gabriel's body heat or because of the effects it was having on her.

*** 

Sabine was glad she took off her underwear. She wanted him badly. She didn't understand why but she wanted Gabriel to touch her where she was moist and desperate for his masculinity that she imagined would fill her with fire. 

Gabriel kissed Sabine's supple lips. The taste of him was like nothing Sabine had ever felt before. Her knees felt like water as they buckled beneath her. Gabriel held her up wrapping his sinewy arm around her slim waist. 

Gabriel knew how to kiss a woman. First it was closed mouth, hot and sensuous then hungry as he became more passionate. There was that power again. That power that Sabine sensed was there. That power that Gabriel had been straining to keep in check. 

Sabine wrapped her arms around Gabriel's neck as in full abandon he lifted her up off the ground with ease as if she weighed nothing. Sabine boldly licked his lips, parting them so her eager tongue could further explore Gabriel's sexy mouth. Gabriel's expert tongue played with hers as he pushed Sabine back onto her bed. 

Gabriel pressed his lips against Sabine's white neck leaving a sizzling imprint making her sigh blissfully. Sabine's thighs opened wide as she felt his manhood, already hard with lust against her damp womanly folds. Gabriel took his time however. An expert. He kissed down her body, trailing down with his tongue as he savored it's satiny feel. Then he came to her wanton sex. 

Gabriel kissed the moist warm folds between her thighs. Sabine's pink womanly center pulsated and tingled with pleasure as Gabriel kissed and licked her. His fine Roman nose dipped between her wet folds and brushed against her swollen clit. Sabine opened her mouth in a silent scream as Gabriel took her engorged nub into his hot sexy mouth, sucking and nibbling on it like a cherry. 

"Gabriel...," Sabine moaned softly. She threaded her fingers through his dirty sand colored hair as Gabriel's tongue pushed inside of her. Sabine imagined that her pussy was a used violin but was now being played by a professional, some expert violinist that had talent but also years of experience. 

Gabriel pulled his tongue out but then pushed his fingers deep into her fleshy sheath while still sucking on her rosebud. Sabine couldn't keep quiet anymore. She sang Gabriel's talent as he pumped faster then slowed down only to pick again. Sabine felt her orgasm approaching but Gabriel stopped. 

"What are you doing?" Sabine admonished. 

"I don't want you to come yet," Gabriel shrugged, his chin glistening with her juices. He took off his shirt. He had lean muscles. Definitely a runner or some sort of athlete. He had broad shoulders with a collar bone lining like a fine Greek sculpture. So perfect that Sabine want to kiss it. His abs and chest were taut but flawless. 

Sabine willing opened her legs to welcome Gabriel in as she climbed on top of her, an animal claiming his kill. Sabine was so wet Gabriel slipped inside of her no problem. His aroused flesh was hard and hot. Sabine was reminded of "The Ecstasy of St. Theresa." 

"I saw in his hand a long spear of gold, and at the iron's point there seemed to be a little fire. He appeared to me to be thrusting it at times into my heart, and to pierce my very entrails; when he drew it out, he seemed to draw them out also and to leave me all on fire with a great love of God. The pain was so great, that it made me moan; and yet so surpassing was the sweetness of this excessive pain, that I could not wish to be rid of it." 

The pain-pleasure line blurred and melted into one. Sabine arched her back as if blooming towards heaven as Gabriel hovered over her, thrusting in and out. Sabine felt every muscle in his thigh flex with each thrust as her hands balled into fists gripping her once pristine white sheets. Gabriel bent over, covering Sabine's whole body as she drew him down for a lust filled, tongue spearing kiss. Sabine felt herself floating through some blissful oblivion where there was only ecstasy. 

"Sabine," Gabriel groaned into their erotic kiss as he pumped faster. Sabine could feel him close to coming. She dug her nails into his back, his shoulder muscles twitching with each amorous thrust. It was then Gabriel reached Sabine's mysterious G-spot. A spot that many exes and casual partners tried to find but failed. Some found it but none have ever made Sabine sing so loud as Gabriel did when she felt his cock reach deep within her pulsating core. They rose to dizzying heights then collapsed exhausted from ecstasy. 

Gabriel and Sabine lay entwined. He was still hard inside of her. She squeezed her inner muscles as his cock still pulsated; wanting to ride out the last echoes of the throes of lustful vigor. Then Gabriel softened, sliding out of Sabine who kissed him sensuously. Mouth closed but oozing fiery longing. 

"Do you often have sex with men you've just met a few hours ago?" Gabriel asked cheekily. Sabine smiled having a wicked glint in her dark eyes.

"Not sex like that," she kissed him again. They rested but made love again and again. Sometimes soft. Sometimes rough. By the end Sabine was so exhausted with lust that she blacked out, drifting into a sex coma.

***

Sabine woke to find that it was the afternoon the next day. She had missed an entire day of classes. She looked at her phone to see several messages from her professor. She was a TA and didn't give any sick notice. Crap. But what was worse somehow was that Gabriel was gone. 

She found a note. No not gone. Sabine read it then smiled. Gabriel was on the roof. He wanted to show her something. Sabine made some toast. Though she was ravenous she was more eager to go for one more round. She only had roof sex once. It was during high school. Prom night. Cliche but it was exciting. But when Sabine reached the roof she was shocked to see Gabriel... with wings.

He smiled at her but it was sad. 

"I thought I'd tell you now since I've decided you would be my concubine," Gabriel explained.

"What...?" Sabine should run. Her brain was telling her to run but her pussy was still in lust with Gabriel after last night. 

***

"So wait...," Sabine stood in awe at the creature that stood before her. "You're an angel?"

"Archangel actually," Gabriel corrected. After an adjustment period of Sabine debating whether or not she finally lost her mind and that years of skepticism have burned to ashes, Sabine had so many questions about her lover. 

"Angels are pretty much like humans," Gabriel explained. "We hate, we feel sorrow, we drink, we make love, etc. Every few centuries angels are allowed to interact with humans. Archangels have concubines and I've chosen you but I won't force you. If you want to walk away now is the time." 

Gabriel's black wings like the blackest ink were outstretched. They reminded Sabine of an eagle. Strong and beautiful. She was overcome with the desire to touch them. She reached but Gabriel caught her by the wrist. 

"Careful," he warned softly. "They may look soft but in reality they're very sharp. They can cut through anything. Only steal forged from a burning star can withstand them."

Sabine looked deeply into Gabriel's amber eyes. They were like two fiery coals that could go from a roaring flame to slow burning ember in minutes. But her eyes Gabriel could see were always warm. Always understanding and tender. He lived lifetimes and would live many more but nothing compared to the light of wonder, fear, desire, pity, and love that shone in Sabine Bishop's eyes that day. 

She amazed him when she said, "I'll risk it."

Sabine caressed Gabriel's face, the feeling of her soft mortal hands on his immortal flesh made his heart skip. He felt an old stirring of feelings that he thought he buried centuries ago. Then she planted her lips onto his. The world seemed to stop. The Archangel was aflame with lust. Gabriel wrapped his arms around Sabine melting into her to become one flesh as they made love on that roof top. The cold meant nothing. Sabine was as warm as if inside of her was a secret summer that she shared with only one other person. An angel.