 I quickly grab her hands and lift them up and push them against the wall holding them there with one hand, I feel her try to shake me off and escape but I realised I was holding her down easily with little to no effort, I looked down and thought to Syll, *can you shrink it down to four inches long and half inch thick please.* I feel the changes happen as Harriet looks at me. 

"I'm going to fucking kill you...you bitch," she screams as she kicks at me I feel nothing. 

"You tried that... twice.. first time didn't work, second time made me into something that can't be killed," I said as I lifted her up by her wrists and turned her around, I pushed her to her knees and she smirked at my cock. 

"Oh you're a fucking tranny, wait till the school finds out you'll be gone within the hour," Harriet looks up and laughs. 

"I won't be gone and no one will believe you anyway," I say as I prompt Syll to grow it again, this time 11 inches long and nearly two wide. 

She looks on horrified seeing it grow and thicken, trying to act brave she pretends to be angry. 

"There this is much better, I think this will break you," I said as my free hand pinch her jaw and brought it close, "open wide slut." 

"I'm not taking that fucking thing in my mouth," she said through gritted teeth. 

"Fine then suck my pussy," I said as I pushed her face into my crotch and grind my pussy on her mouth and nose, I felt her mouth open to try and breath, I slid down a bit and pushed my cock onto her face, I held her there for a few minutes getting progressively more turned on from this show of power. 

"Come on whore lick my pussy or I'll start to fuck you like the slut you are," I said as I paused waiting for her response, she looked up with utter hatred and closed her mouth, I smiled victoriously and pulled her head back. 

"Fine then, guess I'll have to fuck your pussy then," I smiled and pushed her head down to the floor, I moved behind Harriet ignoring her kicks, "might as well stop I can't feel those weak nudges you're trying," I chuckled to myself as I noticed her terrified look, her hands desperately trying to free her head from my grasp 

"What's wrong are you scared of lil ole me," I looked at her with fake pity then I smiled wickedly, "good this is for nearly killing me, putting me in the infirmary for a few weeks with stab wounds and broken ribs, for the near constant bullying, locking me in rooms, even forcing a fucking water bottle in my pussy!" I nearly yell the last part as I thrusted forward feeling my cock tear through her hymen on the way in. 

She yelps and groans in pain, "you deserved it now pull out you bitch," she whimpered as tears flow from her eyes, her hands trying to claw my wrist, my free hand rises then comes down fast and slaps her ass hard causing her to cry out. 

"Why should I deserve all of that, I never did anything to you, I'm not even as pretty as you, you're taller, curvier, stronger, faster, you were all that before now," I lean down and whisper the last part before I start to fuck her fast driving my cock deep into her virgin depths, "you were even a virgin longer then me." I smirk and slap her ass again. 

She lays there crying as she's trying to suppress her moans, her hands fall to the floor in defeat, "fine you win stop...I'll leave you alone ok," she said weakly, biting her lip. 

She is lying, I don't know what she will do after this but she will be aggressive. Syll warned me. 

*can you put a small piece of yourself inside her? Something to heal her body after I am done, with this, also to remove all proof of what I've done?" I asked Syll thinking of what she would try and do. 

I shuddered at the thought then thrust hard a few times and held still, "beg for me to cum inside you slut, prove to your new mistress your worthy of my cum," I say as I slow down my perception and ask Syll, *can you also explore her body and mind while she's asleep help me to find out why she's like this and even break her and make her mine to do with as I please,* Syll replied with. 

Yes but I cannot find any reason to do this, what benefit is there? Syll asked me while I feel some slime leak out of my cock and seep into her body. 

*no reason other then to make myself feel better and safer, if I don't do this she will continue to torment me and others I want to end that, also don't let her become pregnant yet ok,* I said as I start to focus on her only to hear harriet say. 

Fuck no, you're not my mistress or anything remotely close to it I'll never beg for you to cum in me," she hissed. 

I grab her hair and pull, I start to fuck her harder, I ask Syll to lengthen my cock causing it to tap on her cervix, every tap causes her to flinch and moan in discomfort, "beg for my cum slut, or would you rather I keep fucking you till you can't even think. Remember that I can become thicker and even longer, maybe I could even fuck you're womb? Would you like that, would you like your mistresses cock in your womb," I say as I reach up and turn the water to a bit warmer and aim it at her head cause her to sputter. 

"No, I'll never like you inside me now pull out," Harriet said weakly as she tries to lift her chest off the ground, I reach over and pull her nipple hard and hear her moan. 

"Oh? Does this little slut like having her nipples played with," I teased as I reached under her with both hands and twisted them causing her to moan quietly in a desperate need to suppress her desire. 

I pushed deeper and know that Syll has focused her transformation on Harriet's cervix causing it to be flexible and less sensitive to pain, I twitched myself in her and focused on thickening and lengthening my cock. 

Harriet groans and looks at me, "please don't do this, I beg you," she said panting as I stop it at over three inches wide. 

"Wrong thing to beg for slut, I'm going to cum inside you and fill you with my seed anyways ," I say as I pull out and push it between her thighs, "look down," 

As she looks down her chest hesitantly, she stares in shock at it's girth and whines as it slowly lengthens to roughly fifteen inches long, " so beg for my cum or I'll fuck your womb till I cum anyway." 

She shakes her head and closes her eyes and clamps her mouth closed, I pull back and aim it and thrust hard and deep, I feel her cervix give way and my cock pushes into her womb, "their we go nice and deep aren't I," I said as I put her hand on her stomach where my cock was outlined. 

Harriet gasped as she felt it, "that's not possible no one should be able to get in there," she groaned as I started to slowly move in and out. 

"Well I am and soon so will my cum, just imagine all my sperm flooding every nook of your pussy you'll be pregnant with just one shot," I tease her neck with my tongue as I continued to tweak and pull her nipples. 

She moved her head to the side and groaned, "why are you doing this to me?" she asked as I start to pull out slow and slam in, every thrust causing her breath to stutter. 

"Why did you torment me for two years, ever since I got here you've been on me, but now I'm in you," I breathed into her ear and nibbled it, "going to cum soon, get ready my cum dump you're going to be nice and full," I said as I bite her neck hard and sped up, after a few thrust I moaned into her throat and came hard. 

Harriet shudder trying not to cum as well but failed and moaned low, she looked down and stared in shocked as her tummy expanded a few inches, "what the hell," she said as I pulled out and stood up. 

"Now that you're mistress has used her cum dump time to clean my cock," I look down and pull her by the chin and make her look at me, "I'll fuck your ass next," I said threateningly. 

"I can't suck that thing it's to thick," she whispered her reply and shivered at the sight of it. 

I will it to thin out, after losing an inch and a half I look down at her, "this should be better now suck my cock or it'll get thicker," I say while turning the shower off. 

Harriet leaned in and let out a shuddering breath and licks the head slowly, she slowly licks up and down my cock while closing her eyes. 

After more licking I sigh and pull back, "I said suck it not lick it like candy," I line up my cock to her lips and push forward slowly. 

A tear rolls down her cheek as she opens and licks my cock as it slips in, I push till I hit her throat and see her flinch, "take it all ," I said 

Harriet mumbles and pushed herself forward and coughed, she relaxes and holds her breath and pushes again and shudders as the cock slips into her throat. 

"Wow that feels amazing, keep it up," I said and grabbed her head and forced myself down, I felt her gag and cough, I got about half way down before pulling out and letting her breath. 

"Please stop this I can't take it ," she begs pitifully, I pull her head up and push into her mouth, she groans and let's me slide into her throat, I manage to get all the way down, I laughed a bit as her nose tickled my hips. 

I pulled back enough to let her breath through her nose before pushing back in, after a few tries we start to build up a steady rhythm, I noticed her start to play with herself, "good girl enjoy servicing your mistress," she freezes and looks down and moves her hand away. 

I start to go faster and harder, she puts her hands on my hips trying to slow me down but gives up as I speed up instead, I pushed in deep and grunted, I looked down and smile as I cum in her stomach, I pull out and cum in her mouth and see some come out of her nose and around my cock, I pull out fully and finishing cumming on her face and chest, I watch as it slowly slide down her tits and stomach. 

She looks at me and sighs, she says sounding defeated, "I'm sorry, I'll be nice to people and I won't hurt you again or anything like that," she looks down and runs her hand over my cum. 

I turn on the water and clean myself off and watch as she just stays there, "I know you're lying about what you said to an extent so I'll be back later and fuck you, and fill you with my cum again and again and again, until you learn that I'm not to be messed with." 

She looks up and tries to look angry but fails, "fuck you, just wait till the cops see all this you're done for," as she slowly stands on wobbly legs I pull her and pin her against the wall. 

"No they won't, there's no proof," I look down and watch as her body, thanks to Syll, absorbs the cum and mends her body. 

She stares at herself in shock and looks at me, "what magic did you use?" 

I lean in and whisper in her ear, "none this is all because of a friend," I say before kissing her, she tries to keep my tongue out but I push past her teeth and to the back of her throat, I keep kissing her till I feel her hands fall to her side, I pull back and watch her pant. 

"Night slut better dream of me," I say as I go out and get dressed, I close the door and run to the balcony where I jump up and to the roof before she comes out, she looks around a bit before slowly crawling into bed and crying herself to sleep while playing with herself. 

I climb to my balcony and sneak inside, I notice the girls are asleep, *Syll their will be no proof of what I did to her right? Physically at least?* I think to Syll nervously. 

Correct her body has healed and absorbed all your dna and cells, I've also given it the order to move around her body to stay undetectable to all test, I sighed and rolled over thinking about what will happen tomorrow and how exciting it was to do that to her, to make her kneel. 

The next morning I woke up to the alarm of all three clocks, I rolled over and yawned as I stretched, "morning girls how was your sleep?" I asked as I got up and started to get dressed for the day. 

"Not bad, wish we could sleep in," Aliandra said as she stayed in bed and looked at the ceiling, "think I can play the sick card?" 

Alice sighed and stepped up to her bed, "no you can't get up ok," she said pulling the blanket off. 

"Fine fine," Aliandra groaned and got up to dress as well. 

I laughed and went to the door after making sure I was dressed properly, as I opened it campus security along with the VP was standing their about to knock. 

I will my cock to vanish as Harriet's mom stepped close, "Alissa first were searching the room second you're coming with us and third, did you rape my daughter last night?" she said with a cold emotionless stare. 

"WHAT!?" Alice and Aliandra said at the same time as they came up behind me, "no she didn't she went to bed before we did and was asleep before us, plus she's not the type to do that!" Alice said as Aliandra rushed to get dressed. 

"Alice is right I only went to bed because Alissa told me to before she went down herself." she said as the security came in slowly and looked around. 

The first women said, "ok girls we need to know if you have any sex toys ok, large ones mainly," she said with a straight face that held a small blush. 

"I have none ok, Aliandra has a small vibe she uses the shower," Aliandra blushes a deep crimson and goes to the bedside table and pulls out a small bullet, "how did you know and really why say it like that," Alice looked at her and shrugged, "might as well find out now rather than later," she said and sat down, "can we go to breakfast?" she asked holding her bag out to be searched, Aliandra did the same. 

The security looked in their bags and nodded to the VP, Helena looked at them and pointed to the hall, "you may go to school, we will search the room still," they nodded as the looked at me and left, Alice gave a particularly hard look. 

"So this is Harriets newest ploy? After trying to kill me failed and beating me near weekly, harassing me and shoving a bottle in me I'm somehow still the culprit?" I said looking pissed, the two security guards started to search the room.  

"That's all in the past ok and my daughter is an upstanding student, not her fault that you keep antangozing her, or attacking her," she said giving me a look that was full of lies and annoyance. 

"I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING! She's always coming after me theirs even videos of her attacking other students and one of her nearly killing me and you say I start it?" I put my face in my hands and shake my head, I mumble quietly, "no wonder she turned out like this with you as her mother," the guard beside me coughed trying to hide a laugh. 

"What did you say little girl," she spat venomously. 

"I said I can't believe you're taking her side with this new plot of hers," I said as the second guard came over and handed helena a bottle of Alice's medication, "other then this which is big enough, there's nothing here that could have been used," she said taking the bottle back to it's place. 

"Let's go, where going to the principal's office." Helena said as she led us out, the guards followed and I locked the door before leaving with them. 

As we walked other students where looking at us, I heard the whispers saying, "harriets pulling something again, poor girl why does the bitch hate her so much," and similar things were said. 

Alice walked up and handed me a two lunch boxes, "here breakfast and lunch, I get the feeling you can't sit down to eat," she said as she walked back to Aliandra who was sitting with Rachel and Brittany. 

I put them into my bag and continue following Helena, after we enter the school and go to the top floor, I see the principal's office. 

Helena opens the door ushering me in, as I walk in I notice the security girls head back down the hall, I look in and see Harriet sitting down looking angry and annoyed, she spots and me stands up walking closer to me, "HOW DARE YOU RAPE ME!!" she screams and goes to slap me, before she can hit me the principle steps up and grabs her hand pulling her away. 

"Sit down Miss Smith," Ms. Schmidt said as she walked around to her desk, she pointed to a chair in front of her desk and I sat down in it. 

"So Miss Smith here says you raped her last night using a huge cock, the security found no such tool in yours or her room, also there is no video evidence of you going to her room, the cameras in the hallways would have seen you, so tell me you're side," 

"She's obviously lying I hate her yes but because she torments me, hell she put me in the infirmary for three months after beating and stabbing me, nearly killed me to," I say shaking my head. 

I focus my thoughts as time seems to slow again, and think to Syll, *can you make it so Harriet hears my voice without talking? Like putting some of your slime in her ear or something?* I ask her while my head slowly moves to look at Ms. Schmidt. 

Yes I can, one moment and I'll nudge you when she can hear your thoughts, Syll said to to me as I focused on the principal. 

Ms. Schmidt looked shocked as what I said, "what do you mean in the infirmary, how did I not hear about that," she looks to Helena and scowls, "did you hide this from me?" she demands, Helena looks at her with steely determination. 

"It was simple Alissa here attacked my daughter and she defended herself, I didn't think you needed to know," Ms. Schmidt looks furious. 

"Of course not after all it's about your daughter, do you think I haven't heard of what she's being doing to other girls, I warned you about her behaviour, if she doesn't stop this useless bullying she will be kicked out of this school," Helena looked furious. 

"How DARE you, this is about her being raped by this trans and you're warning me about my daughter instead, the nerve," Ms Schmidt looks at me as seems to judge me. 

"Did you go to her room and rape her?" she asked me. 

"No I didn't how could I? She's stronger than me and bigger, plus I would have had to go up the stairs but as you said there's no camera that shows me, also don't have a cock see," I lift my shirt revealing my smooth mound, I fall back into the chair and sigh, "plus I'd rather not make her mad after she basically tried to kill me half a year ago," I felt the nudge from syll and thought to Harriet, *stupid slut I'm going to fuck you stupid again tonight for pulling this bullshit.* she looked at me shocked and stood up. 

"Did you just hear her she wants to fuck me again tonight she just said so out loud!" she points to me. 

I pretend a shocked face and look at the principle, "I didn't even say anything and she just accused me again," 

The principle stands up and walks over to Harriet, "were going to the infirmary after this and you're going to get checked ok," she looks back to Helena and glares, "I'm making her take a test to prove whether she was raped or not, then one for her head because Alissa clearly said nothing," she points to the door and looks at me as well, I get up and follow them. 

I've warned Amadia about what is happening and she will be ready, she also asked me to ask you if you did rape her, if so she is upset that you did but isn't angry because she knows what happened to you beforehand, Syll said to me as I gave a grateful thought in response. 

As we walk to the infirmary I continue to tease Harriet mentally, as we entered Amadia looked up and asked, "oh Ms. Schmidt, what brings you here?" 

"We need to test Harriet here for signs of rape, and maybe her head as well, she seems to be hearing things, also is it true that Alissa here was in the infirmary for a few months?" 

Amadia pointed Harriet to a stall, "go wait their please and take off your underwear, I'll be in shortly," she steps into the office and hands the principle a file and pushes a small cart into the stall. 
