 Hello this is my first story to be post and hopefully more to come, i would like to thank my very helpful editor cw5523729 for taking time out of their schedule to help me. Hope you enjoy the story. All persons in this story are 18 and older 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Hello, my name is Alissa Chapleau and this is the story of how I became the world's smartest human and its greatest innovator. I'll have to admit, though, it wasn't all me, but a sentient alien enzyme ooze who has complete control over its body and its host body. I'll stop there and just start my story, ok? I hope you enjoy it." 

22 YEARS AGO. 

"MOVE IT, ALISSA," Harriet said as she pushed me forward, hard. Here I was shivering, cold and scared. They always picked on me and I don't even know why they do it. 

Harriet shoved me forward again. The other two girls laughed when I fell. 

"She's so pathetic, it's laughable," Marion laughed. 

"I know. I wonder how she even afforded to get into this school when she's obviously so poor," Janice laughed beside Marion. 

I cried as I fell and slowly stood up. "Why do you hate me so much? What did I ever do to any of you!?" I pleaded as I looked at Harriet. And as usual, I saw some odd emotion before hatred appeared and a cruel look appeared in her eyes. 

"You are just poor and stupid, that's all. I need to make sure you stop coming to school; this time permanently." The girls in the back gave each other a nervous glance. "Hey Harr, you sure we should do this? I thought we were just taking her out into the field a few minutes out but we've been walking for almost ten minutes. When we going back?" Janice asked Harriet. 

Harriet sighed and gave them a chilling look. "We're finally getting rid of this stupid bitch, ok? You two can walk back if you like, but I'm doing this." The girls just nodded. 

"It's ok. We will come with you," Marion said, laughing with a small nervous undertone. 

"That's what I thought, girls," Harriet laughed as she shoved me forward again. I sighed deeply and resigned myself to this, knowing no one would stop her. The vice principal's daughter. Why does this school have to be so far up the mountain? I thought to myself as I fell and rolled a bit down the small slope. 

They come down carefully as I started to get up, when we all heard an odd whizzing sound, then a loud crash and felt the earth shudder. "What the hell was that!" I yelled. We all saw a dim glow in the distance. 

"Whatever it is, you're going to find out." Harriet picked me up and shoved me towards it, changing our direction. 

After a few minutes, we got closer and looked down into the hot tub sized crater. I looked at the small meteorite before I felt something hard and heavy hit my head. I fell forward as my world faded to black. 

"Let's go girls. She won't come back ever again." Harriot laughed as I fell, shocked, into the crater and was knocked unconscious. 

Once the other girls left the scene, the small meteorite began to violently shake. After a few seconds, a small cracking noise was heard and a small section pushed away from the rest of the meteorite. A small, clear pink fluid-like substance seeped out of the meteorite. As it moved around, it felt the slowly fading warmth of a nearby creature and moved towards it. Once it touched the bloodsoaked ground around my unconscious body, it moved faster, excited like a predator would be. Once it reached me, it began to explore my body, moving along it finding every inch of skin. Once its explorations where done, it moved to my head and found the wound. It slowly pushed into the deep gash and quickly realised that I was human. It recognized that I was in great danger of passing away due to blood loss, so the creature fully soaked into the wound and stopped the bleeding, slowly healing the wound and using some of its body to replace my blood. Then began the process of fuzing with me. 

Oh God, my head, I thought as I reached for the sore spot, expecting blood but feeling a cool, squishy thing. 

"What the hell?" I said as I slowly rolled over and sat up. I looked around and spotted the small meteorite, broken into pieces. One piece was small and had fallen a few inches away from the rest of it. I held it up and saw that it was hollow. "Weird. I thought they were solid?" 

I felt a sudden and intense pain in my head. I clutched my head as I felt something push into it. Then my mind, my memories, my thoughts, everything seemed to flash past and...sink? Into something within my head. Then a soft melodic female voice spoke to me. 

Hello Alissa. I healed your head wound and fuzed with you, it said. To me, at least, it was polite and kind with its tone. 

"What do you mean 'fuzed'?" I asked, looking around trying to see who was speaking. 

I'm inside your body and mind currently. I wish you no harm. I came to this world looking for knowledge and seeking ways to expand my knowledge of everything, she/he/it said to me in my mind. 

"Why me?" I asked, looking down and realising that for being naked I wasn't cold. I also noticed my feet were not bleeding or even scraped from walking barefoot in the woods. 

I healed your body while you were asleep. 

"What do you mean 'healed'? Where are you?" I asked, slightly panicking. 

I am within you and part of you. I saw in my mind a small pinkish slime moving slowly away from the meteorite and to my heavily wounded head. It slowly moved over the wound and absorbed my blood, learning my dna and breaking it down within itself. Then it flowed within my wound and sealed it after it seeped into my body. Then it explored my body through my bloodstream my nervous system and every cell it touched until it had taking them in and fuzed with me. 

I sat there shocked for a few minutes. So where one person now one body? I thought to it. Also what are you and what is your name? I asked it, feeling weird not knowing anything about this thing inside me. 

I have no "name" as you call it, but I came from a distant planet sent to gather knowledge for the prime collective. It showed me a world where most of the surface was land. The creatures where odd and amazing. But the "ocean" was a vast deep area of these slimes together sharing the knowledge they gain from other world's civilizations by just exploring planets. "I... I... I'm amazed. Alien life exists on other planets." I sat stunned at this earth shattering revelation. 

After some odd minutes of thinking of the possibilities, the thing inside me says: If you would like to call me anything, you could always call me Syll, it thought to me kindly. I don't understand why humans require things to be named, it continued with a curious undertone. 

"Oh, I don't know but I feel better calling you something rather then it/she/he. Also, what gender are you?" I asked Syll. 

Gender? I feel a slight sinking feeling within my mind. I have no gender but I am what you would call asexual. I can only do so when I have gained enough mass to do so. Within your body, I cannot do it but if you were to have a child, I could put a small piece of me within it to make sure that it is healthy and strong, since you have worries about health. 

As I listened, i thought about what my future would be like living with this inside me. "I... I don't know whether I can have children with you inside me. I might just be captured and turned into some lab rat." I feel my mind being looked at again. 

I see your concerns but they cannot find me nor will they hold you. In time, i can make you stronger and faster then average human. I could also change your body in almost any way so long as it is within human range. 

I thought about what Syll said and smiled a bit. "So, I could get revenge on the girls who tortured me. Maybe even... no, never mind, I won't be able to get them. I'm a young girl after all." I sighed and breathed in a shuddering breath. 

You are attracted to the same gender? I could let you breed with other women, if you wish, but I would need you to ingest a large amount of nutrients. As for attracting them, I could always make you produce a pheromone that attracts them. 

"You could do that? And that sounds interesting but wouldn't it cause problems if every women in an area suddenly wants me?" I stopped and shook my head. "No, what am I thinking? I don't want to trick them into anything," I said vehemently. 

It is not forcing them or tricking them. You merely appear attractive; whether or not they wish to do anything is their choice. I can only control someone if I put a bit of myself into them and suppress their minds, Syll said to me in an informative tone. 

"So.. they would be coming onto me of their own will? Oh, okay, that works. But what about controlling them? Would they be under my or your control?" I asked before I slapped my forehead. "No, I shouldn't want to control people." But I couldn't help thinking about controlling Harriet and forcing her to her knees or Marion and Janice too. "Maybe some people should be controlled. But why do I like that idea?" I shook my head lightly and sighed. 

Syll explored my mind again and said to me: It would appear that you enjoy domination and submission in your partners. Why did you resist what you find enjoyable? Syll asked me with a questioning tone. 

"Well, that's because it's not really normal to want to do that kinda stuff to people, or it's looked down on, anyway," I said, slowly standing and stretching my body. "I feel lighter? Why is that?" 

I have slightly modified your body for better survival for your current location. I cannot do much more than increase your body's natural output, Syll says while showing me what she did. 

"So, I'm a bit stronger and faster than I was. I wonder how much?" I wonder aloud as I go to jump out of the crater but only go five feet forward and near the lip. "Oh, it's better but I was expecting a lot more," I say, sounding a bit disappointed. 

If you ingest more food, I can increase your strength and speed but I would much prefer to increase your body mass so I can store more information. I will help you with whatever I can but in return I would ask that you seek information and teach me about emotions? I don't understand their need but I do understand the concept, Syll says while showing me that I would gain a much better figure and even grow taller, too. 

"Okay, I agree, but this deal sounds a bit one sided in my favor. What is your end goal?" I asked Syll out loud while climbing a tree with ease. Once I reached the top, I turned and spotted the school. 

A clock tower stood in the center, 30 meters tall. The building itself goes 50 meters in each direction from the center and climbs five stories tall. It's a reddish brown color with a dark green slate roof. The rich lush front garden stands proud and full of women from all grades and some teachers. Currently, the classes were dark while the dorms where bright. The dorm buildings were set off to the side with nice light blue siding and black shingle roof. All ten stories where active, the fifteen meter by fifteen meter square building being the hub of secret sapphic flings.Not that I would ever have any. But a gentle mental prod reminded me that will change. 

"So, what will you need me to do?" I asked Syll as I climbed down and started to walk back to the school. I felt odd; I knew I should be cold but I felt no chill. My feet felt fine as I walked on some stones and debris. 

I just need you to read things or experiment. Even just watching television. Also, humans have many interesting things they created. I've never known of such creativity in other races in the universe, Syll said. The pounding of a headache creeped in. 

"Syll, your looking around in my mind right now is getting uncomfortable and a bit painful even," I said as I flinched and held my head. 

Ah, I'm sorry. I will hold back for now but I have learned many things. I will rest for now and make your body more efficient, Syll said as she showed me losing all unnecessary fat and building muscles and strengthening bones. Also, making it so I no longer needed to go to the bathroom. 

"Why won't I need to go pee or anything?" i asked curiously and continued my way to the school hoping when I got back I could sneak into my dorm. Maybe even visit the nurse and explain what happened with the bullies. 

I will take anything your body does not need and convert it into what I need to grow more and larger. The larger I grow, the more I can change your body and enhance it. "Ah, ok, well if that's the case, I hope you don't give me giant tits over night!" I laughed a bit, remembering some things I'd watched online. No, I cannot do that but I can increase them gradually over time and it will seem more natural if that's what you're worried about. "That's good," I said as we got to the school. 

"How will I get their naked? I really wish they didn't throw out my clothes, those bitches," i muttered as I spotted a girl with a purple braid. 

I yelled at her from around the building. "Amadia! Over here!" I waved my arm, getting her attention. 

Amadia saw me and jogged over. "Alissa, what are you doing out here..." She trailed off, spotting the naked women. "Harriet again?" she asked tossing her lab coat to me to cover myself. 

"Yes but something amazing happened this time... Can we go somewhere a bit more private?" I asked her, knowing that she would help me. Her being one of my few allies in the school, she is nice and very kind as well as loving and caring to everyone, that's why she's the perfect nurse. 

"You know, I'm not supposed to do that, that kind of thing can get me fired." She looked sad but sighed and gently grabbed my shoulder. "Come on, I know you don't want to go back to your dorm. lets go," she said, leading me to her private room on the top floor. 

"How did you get a sixth floor room?" I ask her as I rush in to avoid the view of other teachers. 

"Simple. I'm one of two people who can save lives." She laughs a bit and tosses her bag onto the nearby chair. 

"I see now it was a good idea to get on your good side." I laughed and looked around at the open room, seeing a kitchen on the back left corner and small dining room in the right. The rest was dominated by a combination of office and living room. Two doors were at the side, one for the bedroom and the other for the bathroom. 

"So, how was being tortured a good thing?" Amadia asked me with a disbelieving tone. 

*Syll, can you show her something that proves your real?* I thought to Syll, hoping she could. 

Yes, I could gather some of my cells onto your palm, she replied, showing me what I needed to do. 

"I met an alien slime thing that could help me do almost anything I want in life and all I have to do is help it learn," I said, holding out my hand and a light pink slime slowly oozed out of my skin on my hand and formed a little bubble that waved at Amadia. 

She grabbed my hand and stared at it with an intense look, then slowly looked up at me. 

"Are you ok? Any negative side effects?" she asked without letting go of my hand. 

"Nope. Syll, the name she chose, is making me stronger and faster and can even alter my body but she won't affect my mind because if she does than she won't be able to learn anything. She just wants to get all the knowledge she can gather and send it back to her home planet. Imagine an ocean twice the size of Hudson Bay and deep as the Pacific Ocean of these creatures." I was excited and smiling while talking about Syll. "They have gathered knowledge of hundreds of planets and hundreds of civilizations. It's amazing! I want to help her because, if I do, I can change the world for the better." 

"Dear, I know you want to change the world," Amadia says. "But this seems very dangerous. We don't know what will happen in the long run with this." She stood up slowly and held my shoulders, her eyes fixed on mine. "Are you absolutely sure nothing bad will happen?" 

"Yes. For now, I don't see any negatives. Plus, Syll can help me with some things..." I looked away from her gaze, a deep blush creeping up my cheeks. 

"Like what?" Amadia asked, growing concerned at my reaction. "What's making you embarrassed?" she asked kindly. 

"I'm..." I looked to the side and muttered quietly. "A lesbian." I pulled away a bit and turned around, clutching my shoulders. "I know it's weird and unnatural. It's bad to be lesbian in a place like this," I said, looking out at the front of the school, seeing the giant cross lit up. 

"Oh, that's nothing, Alissa," she said, coming close and rubbing my back. "It's perfectly fine, ok? No need to get so flustered. Once you're out of here, you can be who you are." She says as she led me to the couch. "Wait here. I'll get you some clothes." She turned to walk away and I grabbed her hand quickly. 

"That's not the point. It's who I like that can be problematic," I said, looking at her and blushing hard. 

"Wha..." Realisation struck her after seeing my actions. "I see. Honey, you know we can't ever do anything. You are a student, I'm a teacher. You're 18 and I'm 29. It's just too far apart," she said, leaning down and giving me a sad look. 

I can't affect her in anyway, but I could help you gain her affection. *What do you mean?* I thought to her as I noticed that everything seem to slow down. I'm affecting your mind to alter your perception of time. But I can read her body and her reactions. She's not completely opposed to the idea but she is worried about the negative outcomes. Push her and she might give in, Syll said to me. 

I looked up and saw the moment appear. I leaned forward and grabbed her head quickly, kissing her hard. And I kept kissing her and pulled her on top of me as I flipped us over. And then I kissed her even more. 

"Please, don't hate me," I said as I held both her hands with my one hand with little effort. 

"Alissa, please stop this, we can't do this," she huffed and struggled a bit, looking surprised. "How are you so strong?" she said blushing, clearly enjoying the feeling of being helpless. 

She is naturally submissive. By her response, she enjoys this and is aroused. Push a bit more and she will give in. Syll showed me the signs of arousal that I could see. 

"Amadia, we both know you like this," I said. "I can feel your arousal." I slid my hand into her panties and gently pressed her damp panties. I leaned down and kissed her more, rubbing her gently and teasing the area of her clit. *Why do I know what to do? I've only ever played with myself a few times.* 

I am inputting the information you need to help draw out pleasure. I would hope you continue. I'm learning a lot from your emotions and her reactions, Syll said. 

*Oh, I see, thank you. I like being able to make her feel good,* I said as I moved the panties to the side and pushed in two fingers. I felt her spread her legs more and she moaned into the kiss. I pulled back and looked down; both of us were breathing heavy. "Get ready. I'm going to do my best to make you feel good," I said, smiling with pride and joy. 

"A..a..Alisse, please stop this while we can. I..I..don't want to get in trouble," she said under me while trying to hold back her moans. Her legs ceased spreading and she tried to sloy close them. 

"We won't get caught," I said reassuringly as I leaned down and kissed her harder. My fingers pressed deeper and gently teased her g-spot as my thumb rubbed her clit. With a slight stutter, I said "Listen to your new mistress and l..le..let me pleasure you." My tone was confident but it was false bravado. 
