 As Amadia slid down my legs she looked into my eyes and gave me a hungry look, she pulled back slightly to pull my cock out and lick the head, she started to slowly suck on the tip and she reached up with her free hand to gently tease and rub my slit.

I look down and smile as I spread my legs allowing her more access, I stuttered with my breathing as I put my one hand hand onto her head and the other gently pulling my nipple,

"This looks so natural for you to kneel before me," I said as I pulled her down my cock.

I felt her shudder and moan around the first few inches of my cock, I then felt her fingers slip into me and quickly search for my sweet spot, I felt my legs shake at the twin pleasures she noticed this and used her hand that was on my cock to brace me.

I mouthed thank you, I then pushed her hard and felt her throat relax and give in to my pressure as I slipped in all the way to my root, I shuddered as she attacked my clit and g spot with an intense fever, "if you don't slow down I'm going to cum soon," I said as I noticed her hungry look, I knew that's what she wanted so I gave it to her.

After a few moments of intense oral skill my cock spewed a heavy load into her throat and stomach, she used her fingers in me to keep me buried within her mouth as she started to shake then pulled off to have the last few globs streak through the air and land on her face, my pussy did it's best to suck her fingers into my gut, I moaned low and grabbed her wrist to pull them out.

"That was good my little slut, now let's shower before I can't walk anymore," I smiled and kissed her tasting my own juices on her tongue.

"Sounds good mistress, I hope I can please you in the shower as well," she said as she led me to the shower while stroking her glistening pussy.

As I followed on shaky legs, I had a big smile on my face, "so who do you think I should recruit first? Aliandra seems like a good candidate, ever since I got this she's been masturabting non stop," I smirk as think of how often she's in the shower.

"That could be a good start, but I would say Berjit the principal, having her on our side would be useful because it would let us be a bit more free with everything," she said thinking while starting the shower and waiting for the hot water to start.

"Really I'm not sure I want to go after her, plus she's busy a lot and has to run the school, and distracting her would be a bad thing considering how the VP is," I said admiring the view of Amadias ass, I stepped forward and slapped it hard.

Amadia yelped in shocked and blushed hard and she turned around mumbling, "think you can wait a bit? Showers ready," she said carefully stepping in and keeping her ass away from my hands.

I step in with a predatory smile, "why do you keep your ass from me?" I asked her as I stepped under the warm water and pulled her close, I gently and slowly moved my hands down to cup her soft plaint asscheeks, I looked deep into her ocean colored eyes and leaned my head up to kiss her, I felt her melt into it.

She pulled back and looked at me, "what would you like to do? I just blew you and I don't think I could take anymore," she said while rubbing her stomach and laughing at the little bump on her stomach.

"How bout I return the favor hmm?" I said as kissed her hard, then I leaned down to bite her neck gently before licking my way down her chest and sucking on one of her nipples, I started my way down again until I was on my knees between her legs, "get ready," I said sticking out my long tongue and very slowly pushing it into her wet folds, I groaned at her taste.

She moaned loudly and put one hand on the back wall and the other on my head as she spread her legs lightly and tried to push me deeper, I easily resisted her attempts and stopped going in, she gave me a desperate look and whined, "please mistress I can't wait to feel you within me."

I give her a evil grin as I slowly push it in then stop, "oh I seem to forget what I should do," I sputtered around my tongue giving her a fake look of confusion."

Amadia groans in frustration and closes her eyes, "please push your long thick tongue into my wet soaking pussy please," she said while looking embarrassed.

I leaned back and replied with a cocky smirk, "is that all I should do? Seems boring to do just that don't you think?" I mumbled as I let my tongue slip out again only to tease her entrance.

She moves and shake her hips, "Please! Do everything you can think of, please just get me get off mistress I need this so badly!" she begs me as I give in and shove my tongue into her deep and hard.

Once it's in I slowly move it around and twist it, making sure it's slow and unable to make her cum, I feel her shift and give a frustrated sigh, "please mistress use my pussy to warm your tongue, use it to plunder my depths and drink my juice, PLEASE just make me cum, I've been a good girl," she quietly moaned out the last part as I smile and intensify my oral assault.

After a few moments Amadia reached down with both hands and started to shake as she flooded my mouth with her warm juice, I greedily sucked it all down and froze my tongue and lips to help her come down slowly.

"Thank you mistress," she mumbles quietly as smile and slowly pull out, she twitches and moans painfully a few times as I ease my prehensile tongue out of her sensitive depths.

"You ok Amadia?" I asked her as I stood up and kissed her gently.

"Yes mistress, just a bit intense you left me on edge for a bit longer than usual," Amadia said as she leaned down and kissed me gently, then she smiled and pulled out some soap and started to wash my hair lovingly.

I closed my eyes and relaxed as she started to wash me, I reached up and started to wash her body in return using her body soap, after a few minutes of tender care I looked up and kissed her, "let's get you to bed soon ok, I need to get some stuff done tonight for Syll," I said looking at her and sighing in relief as the water washed away the soap.

"What will you be doing?" Amadia asked me as we got out to dry ourselves.

"I'm going to out in the woods and try to catch some small animals like raccoons and squirrels," I say as I dry my legs watching Amadia bend over to get her legs.

She gives me a flirty gaze, "I have to say no more tonight cause if I keep going I won't be walking right tomorrow," she giggles and she walks out and goes to the kitchen, "I'll make something to eat for when you get back ok," she said pulling out some fruit.

"Thank you my little sub, I'll be back later," I say as I run to the balcony and jump towards the forest.

Amadia looked up and shook her head is disbelief still not really believing that I was so powerful.

As I landed in the forest this time I banged my head on a thick branch and crashed to the ground, I grabbed my head and started to shake my legs on the air while groaning in pain.

"damn that hurt," I mutter as I get up rubbing my forehead.

Please be wary of such dangers next time, we were fortunate that you didn't land on a spike of some kind, Syll said cautiously.

"I know, I know," I grumbled as I started to hunt for some small animals.

As I focused on listening for heart beats I found a few belonging to a family of raccoons, 5 total

I moved in close and waited above the entrance to their burrow, *Syll can you hide me from sight and smell please, make it so they won't notice me as they leave,* I asked Syll as I sat down slowly and leaned over the hole.

Yes I can, one moment, Syll said as I felt my skin start to ooze out a pinkish slim that slowly covered all my skin, it also made my hair stick to my skin.

I watched in fascination as the slime slowly started to change color eventually matching my surroundings, causing me to become near invisible to everything.

I spent the next ten minutes waiting before I heard a slow moving animal slowly pop it's head out, I smiled and moved slowly towards it with my hand, it froze as I neared staring at my hand in confusion before suddenly taking off, I lunged forward with my superior speed and grabbed it.

I felt it's teeth sink into a finger and yelped dropping it before grabbing it again by the neck,

This time Syll covered it and slowly cleaned it before taking over.

Interesting, this small creature gave me some resistance, Syll said sounding confused and intrigued at the same time.

*you said creatures with higher intelligence are harder to control, well raccoons are very intelligent for their size, so maybe that's why?* I said to Syll as I watched the raccoon walk to me and some of the slime covering me covered it instead.

I'll use this raccoon to convert the others, Syll to me as the little thief started towards the burrow, I watched it enter then some time later all five came out looking around the same size.

"guessing it was a family unit then," I said as I stepped close and started to pet the second biggest one.

I stood up watching as they ran quickly to the main building, they will enter the library and start to read and take in the knowledge once enough has been collected I will crystallize it and place it in your room, Syll said to me as I was walking back to the teachers quarters.

"Ok what is the crystal you're talking about?" I asked her out loud.

As I walked along the edge of the woods while going from tree to tree she replied with, it is when I have gathered to much information within my host body and I use much of my being to hold and compact the information into a storage crystal for later use.

I nodded and looked up at the balconies, I saw Amadia sitting outside while reading a book and eating dinner, I smirked and ran and jumped to the balcony landing on the side as I grabbed the ledge and pulled myself up and over.

Amadia jumped and squeaked and dropped her book to hold her hand to her chest. "jeez don't scare me like that please," she sighs as she picks the book back up and slowly started read, "dinners ready, small salad with some fish," she said while bringing a piece of fruit to her mouth.

I smiled and kissed her then stole the fruit piece from her fork and giggled, "sounds good and taste good to," I skipped away before she could slap me for stealing her food.

After dinner I went to Amadia and kissed her gently, "ready for bed?" I asked her as I yawned and stretched out my arms and back.

She smiled and pinched my nipples before walking past me and putting her book down and her plate in the sink, "yup I'll meet you in there I just need to do these dishes," Amadia said as she started the warm water and grabbed the sponge.

I slowly walked to the bedroom shaking my hips, I suddenly noticed in Amadias mirror closet door that I had changed a bit, my hips where slightly wider, my bust a bit larger and more perky, my stomach was toned and smooth, my hair seemed a bit more glossy and bouncy, I started to rub my body gently exploring the small changes in myself and smiling.

As I was about to walk forward I felt someone's hands gently tease my back and hips to come around and rest on my lower stomach, "noticing the changes now?" Amadia said as she looked into the mirror with me, she then kissed my neck and whispered, "you're not the only one who changed."

She lifted her shirt revealing smooth stomach, clear of all scars, she pinched my chin and kissed me soundly, "I can never thank you enough for what you did for me," she said after pulling away from the kiss, she then grabbed my shoulders and slowly lead me to the bed where she pushed me down playfully.

She bent over and trailed her hands up my legs where she spread them slowly and tease around my pussy without touching it, "let me show my affection ok, don't let out your cock just yet ok," she asked me while descending between my legs.

I shuddered as I felt her tongue slowly circle my clit as she took a deep breath and covered my pussy with her mouth, I felt her tongue slide into me move around slowly.

I looked down at her and noticed her eyes were filled with something other then lust, after a few moments I realised they were filled with love as well, I knew that tonight was going to be a bit different.

She sped up a bit as she rubbed her nose on my clit causing me to moan lightly, I felt her hand slid up to my chest and tenderly pinch and twist my nipple causing my hips to jerk into her mouth.

She sucked hard on my clit and slipped in two fingers to rub my g spot, her tongue attacked my clit slowly but forcefully, I felt myself get closer and closer to the peak, every pass of her tongue my hips jerked and my moans grew a bit louder, she used the hand on her chest to push to finger into my mouth to help keep my quiet.

I sucked on her fingers while holding her wrist and my other hand on her head, I shivered and shuddered as I felt myself cum in her mouth, she gently licked me clean before slowly sitting up, "please grow your cock now," she asked me while sitting on my hips.

I willed it to grow to it's normal size and watched her start to gently stroke me, "I'm going to ride you ok please don't do anything while I do this, let me thank you and show you my gratitude," Amadia said with heartfelt tenderness,

I smiled and nodded putting my hands to the sides watching intently as she shuffled forward and raised her hips and gently angled my cock, she then slowly sunk onto it's length moaning loudly, after reaching the base she smiled and started to rotate her slips in a back and forth figured eight, I gently grabbed her hips and gave a breathless moan watching her focus on giving me pleasure.

After a few moments her legs were twitching and spasming, she looked down with a satisfied smile, "sorry I came, give me a moment and I'll continue," she said while leaning down and kissing me hard, "let me continue ok," Amadia said firmly, I smiled and mumbled, "you have the lead tonight."

She smiles and starts to slowly bounce on my lap, she starts to picked up speed and braces herself against my chest squeezing and playing with my tits, I watched as her large breast started to bounce and shake on her chest as her voice grew louder and her moans drawn out, I smirked and reached up, I grabbed her nipples the shaking of her breast causing them to pull on the nipples themselves.

I slid my tongue out and used it to gesture a 'come here' motion, she leaned down and gently sucked it as she switched her rhythm again. I leaned up and kissed her hard as I grabbed her hips and slammed her down moaning into her mouth and flooding her womb and pussy with cum, bloating her stomach slightly I pulled away smiling.

"that was amazing," I whisper as I hold her close and nuzzle her neck, "thank you for that," I whispered as I rolled over and held her close.

"your welcome." Amadia replied closing her eyes and rubbing her stomach lightly, she then kissed me lightly and said gently, "goodnight my love, thank you again for this," as she started to sleep.

"your welcome my love." I replied and quietly thought about how fast we were moving as a couple, I then shrugged mentally and remembered how others have fallen in love just as fast and lasted many many years, I silently hoped that it would be like that.

The next morning I awoke with my cock hard and a being gently sucked, I looked down and noticed Amadias eyes sparkling with a lusty mirth as she mumbled, "good morning mistress," around my cock.

I smiled and positioned myself on my back and spread my legs around her, I reached down and gently held her head moaning slightly when she applied a strong vacuum, "good morning slut, what brought this on?" I asked her as one hand hand her head while the other wrapped her hair around my hand to use as leverage to start fucking her throat.

Amadia moaned loudly and reached between her legs to start playing with herself, she looked up and whispered into my mind, *just wanted to please you after everything you've done for me.*

I gasped as I heard her and smiled wide and replied to her mentally, *that's great new knowing we can talk like this, i wonder how far the reach is," I noticed Amadias look of surprise as I came hard and straight into her waiting stomach, she moaned and slowly lifted herself off and crawled forward.

She kissed me hard then sat up, "I figured we could test that out later, I need to go into town to pick up some supplies that arrived at the post office, I'll be out for six hours or so as I go to town," she said while gently massaging my chest.

"ok while you do that we can test it out," I said and rolled us over and kissed her soundly till I felt her go limp, i sat back up and moved off the bed going to the washroom.

As I came out Amadia was cooking some pancakes, once I got close enough she smiled and said, "watch these while I shower, unlike you I need to shower and not have a slime clean me," she walked away looking back and swung her hips enticingly.

I shook my head smiling and finished the pancakes while she was showering, as she came out I was placing her plate with butter and maple syrup already on the table, I sat down and started to eat, "so when will you be going into town? I think my mom was sending me a package this week and haven't seen it yet, might still be in the office."

"Ok I'll check while I'm there, the mail is being delivered here tomorrow tho so why not wait?" she asked me while putting syrup on her food.

"It's a care package from mom, I want those goodies asap," I laughed as I finished my plate and watching Amadia get half way done hers before replying.

"That's fine and jeez you eat fast, did you even taste it?" she teased as I went to rinse off my plate.

"I'll talk to you later but I gotta go get ready ok," I said jogging to the door and opening it, I stepped out and looked around carefully, only seeing a few girls by the dorm and breath deeply and focused on my legs feeling them get ready, I opened my eyes and ran faster then could be seen as I leapt from the balcony and soared to my dorm.

As I landed Aliandra opened the door letting me roll in and crashing into my desk, I held my forehead in pain and rolled around, "oooowwww,why did you open it?" I asked her and I stood up and rubbed the red spot on my forehead.

"Sorry thought you were going to break it," she said still looking shocked, Alice look at my from the bathroom door and asked, "what happened? I heard a crash?" Aliandra replied, Alissa came in through the door and bonked her head on the table when I opened it.

Alice looked at me and glared, "we need to talk!" she walked closer looking angry, I was shocked at the sudden change in mood and hurriedly stood up only to be slapped in the face hard, Aliandra gasped and covered her mouth but stood still.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!"she yelled at me and stepped back, "first you become a superhuman, next you grow a cock that change sizes and now you rape the biggest bitch on campus? Why tell me why and not some stupid reason like revenge!" Alice said looking angry.

I rubbed my cheek and looked down slightly, "yes revenge had a part but if I can control her then I can get her to stop bullying everyone, we won't have anymore Cassandra like incidents," I said referring to the girl who committed suicide after Harriet bullied her into, "or incidents like mine where I was in the infirmary for a few months with broken bones and stab wounds," I replied just as angry as her and stepped closer and stared into her eyes in a challenging manner.

She stepped close and I felt her breath on my face, "so you think it's right to rape her? Destroy her like she did to others? That doesn't make you any better then she is!" Alice spat at me with barely controlled fury.
