 *Hey Syll I just realised, I seem to be taking this extremely well considering you just practically invaded my body. Why is that?* I thought to Syll as my breathing hitched when Amadia gently licked from the bottom of my pussy to the top in one long sensuous strOKe. 

I have not controlled or manipulated your thoughts or mind in anyway. What I find interesting is that you have accepted me because you know subconsciously that we cannot be separated and that I will help you as much as possible so long as you return the aid. Syll said to me as I grabbed the purple ponytail and ground downwards. 

*S..so I've accepted you? I wonder why?* I thought back as I felt Amadia's hand slowly wrap around my thighs and hold me in place. I felt a rhythmic suction on my clit and covered my mouth trying to stop my moans from being to loud. 

Amadia looks up and smiles slightly. "I've been with women before 'mistress' I hope I'm satisfactory." she said just before plunging her tongue into my warm depths. 

"Y..yo..your doing very wellllll." the last word turning into a groan. "This is the first time anyone's done this to me." I looked down and smiled happily and whispered with heartfelt gratitude. "Thank you." 

Amadia blushes noticeably and goes back to licking my insides like some inverted ice cream. I grab her head with both heads and groan lowly as I reach the peak and feel myself squeeze her tongue and flood her face. 

I start to shudder and twitch as she gently licks me clean. "Thank you for the drink mistress." she says to me teasingly. She pulls me down and lays on top and kisses my neck tenderly, "I really hope I don't get fired for this." 

"Don't worry no one will know and I won't tell anyone. I just hope I can return the pleasure at some point when feeling returns." I laugh a bit and pull her down kissing her gently. 

If you can give me enough proteins and nutrients I could give you something that would let you be able to mate with her as a male would, I believe it's called a penis? I heard Syll whisper to my mind and I started to imagine myself with one. 

"That is a good idea, I really enjoy the thought of taking her with it." I thought to Syll as I started to fall asleep. 

I felt myself rise and wOKe slightly seeing that Amadia was carrying me to bed. "Oh I could have done that myself." I said sleepily. 

"No it's OKay just sleep. I'll be collecting some things from you and running a few test. I want to know just how much this thing changed you, OK." she said giving me a heavily concerned look. 

I swallowed nervously. "Whatever has happened can't be reversed and she will never leave me, more like she can't." After listening to Syll for a few seconds, I continued. "She is unable to survive in Earth's atmosphere by herself for long periods of time so she needs to set up a symbiotic relationship with one of the planets inhabitants. She makes them overall better in every way and they return the favor by helping them learn as much as possible." 

As she listened while putting me down and pulling out some needles and such. She gave me a distant and thoughtful look. "So they make you the peak of human capacity and even change your base structure in hopes that you can help them learn? Why not just take over your body completely?" she asks as she raises my arm and puts a needle close but looks to me for approval. 

I nod yes and repeat Syll's words. "She could do that to animals as their mental faculties are lower in many aspects but the human brain is very complex and large. It would take some time to do it but it would also be lethal to the person. They would become a vegetable and be unable to do anything. The slime wouldn't be able to control the body the same way the humans do naturally since it has no brain function or even a body. They are literally one gelatinous mass like the blob from the old movie but non lethal and hungry for knowledge." 

Amadia stopped moving and listened intently as I explained. "I see I understand now and I'm also amazed that something like that could even evolve." she shook her head slightly in wonder and put the vials with blood, saliva and a small piece of skin. When she turned to put the band-aid on the small wound, she looked shocked as the wound was gone and only clear perfect skin was left. "Your healing is amazing!" she said studying my arm up close. "But not perfect, I can see a thin line where the old skin meets the new skin." 

"I'm also stronger and faster too, I'm less sensitive to cold and heat and I think you noticed my skin is a bit denser." I said as I watched her stand and stared at her. 

Amadia stood and smirked at me as she stepped away and slowly stripped herself. No dance no music, just disrobed and crawled over me. As her large breast hung momentarily in my face, I leaned up and sucked gently on her nipple, causing her to give a small surprised moan. 

"Just sleep OK, Alissa, if we do nothing but play it'll be boring after some time," she laughed a bit and crawled in behind me and pulled my back into her chest. 

"That feels good but and I wish I was the taller one." I pout and hold her hands in mine. 

If she wished to be your mate I can also give her a small portion of myself, it'll keep her healthy strong. I heard as I felt a small cool slime ball form in my mouth. I turned over and looked at Amadia. I moved the ball to the side and said. "Syll wants to give you a portion of herself to make you healthy and strong. It'll also be able to let us communicate through her telepathically." I said giving her a nervous look and added for my own selfish benefit. "But only if you choose to stay with me for a long time." I held her gaze and watched as she started to think. 

"Maybe later, and not because I don't want to stay I just want to make sure nothing bad it happening to you first, OK. I trust you but "Syll" as you call her, not so much." She gave me a sad look and turned away slightly. 

"It's OK, she understands and so do I." I said and turned back swallowing the ball. 

In the morning an annoyingly familiar alarm woke me up. I went to reach for it but my arm touched something soft and fleshy. I had a moment where I had completely forgot last night and wondered where I was. But Amadia's voice reminded me that this was no dream. 

"Good morning, misssstresss." she whisper in my ear and giggle as she kissed my temple. 

"And I thought I was having the most amazing dream ever. I'm glad it was a dream because it pales to waking up beside you." I said as I blushed hard and couldn't stop smiling. 

"Oh that's nice of you to say but we need to get up and get ready for today. Friday tends to be the most annoying day." she sighed as she stood and gave me a teasing look and sauntered over to her closet to get dressed. 

"I will I get dressed, I don't have any clothes to wear." I sighed and stood up watching her pick out clothes as I went to the kitchen. "You don't mind if I make breakfast? I was thinking something simple likes eggs and bacon." I said listening for her response. 

"Yup make something we have a few hours before classes start, also I could give you something but I don't know how to sneak you out." Amadia said as she walked out holding her chosen clothes and putting them on a shelf in the bathroom. She walked over to me still naked. 

I can assist you after you eat, I could increase the strength and density of your muscles. Syll said as I pulled out some eggs and put them down in the counter. 

*Why?* I asked Syll pulling out some pans. 

It will let you get to your room to dress, if you run to the door and jump from this height you should have enough strength to make it. But I would also have to weaken and normalize your arms and torso in order to complete the necessary changes. Syll informed me while I cracked some eggs. 

I felt Amadia's arm hug my waist. "What is it saying?" she asked as he kissed my neck and moved to the side to help me cook. 

"She's telling me if she focuses all her powers into my legs I could make the jump to my room." I said sounding surprised. "I mean it's what a 50 yards to the student dorm?" I asked looking out the window. 

"Roughly that but I highly doubt she could modify you like that." she said while shaking her head lightly. 

"She's already started, I can feel me legs tingle." I looked down and say my leg muscles visible grow under my skin. "Apparently I will need some food to help finish the change." I said, shocked at seeing my legs look so muscular. 

Amadia simply stared at my legs and crouched watching the transformation. "By all accounts that's not possible." she said looking stunned. She slowly stood up and walked around even lifting my foot to examine the bottom. "Alissa I'm pretty sure you could stomp on a nail and it might just break the skin and that's it." 

"Really well after I eat I'll be stronger but I don't know about tougher." I said trying to focus on making sure the eggs didn't burn. "Can you get the bacon please?" I asked her moving my foot from her grasp. 

"Oh right sorry" she said quickly moving to the pan and flipping it over. 

After cooking in peace both of us thinking I said quietly. "She also told me she could give me something to let me be with you as proper mates should." I said blushing hard and shaking with light nervous tension. 

She turned to me slowly with open mouth shock, "she could give you a cock balls and everything needed to have kids? She could make you a fut..." she shakes her head and continues, "she could make you a full fledged hermaphrodite." 

I nod yes and look up. "Your not disgusted or anything?" I asked her with a cautious but optimistic look. 

"No not at all, in fact I would like to see that and test it out." she stops moving and blushes. I mean test to see if your sperm could get someone pregnant. WITH TEST!" she says the last bit looking flushed and heavily embarrassed. 

"Oh OK but it would have to wait a bit for me to eat the right amount of food needed." I say as I turn off the stove and put the eggs onto two large plates. I rinse off the pan and start making the toast. "What where you going to say before?" I asked her as I pulled out some butter and peanut butter. "It was fute or flute?" 

Amadia finished the bacon and went over to her computer and pulled up something I couldn't quite see. She signals me over and I walk and stand beside her. I see a video of a 3D girl with a huge cock roughly fucking a blonde woman. 

"What am I watching?" I asked getting around at the sight. She looks up and blushes, I notice a slight musky smell in the air and see her thighs rubbing together. 

"Futanari, it's a type of porn or hentai. Girls with cocks and such just like what you describe." she says looking at me and biting her lip. "It's my number one fantasy to be taken by one." She stands and starts to go to the counter. 

I pause the video and get an interesting idea. *Syll could you extend and thicken my tongue? Maybe make it stronger to?* I asked her watching Amadia ready her plate. Yes I could I'll do so now then but I'll modify it slightly so it will act normal and appear normal when in your mouth but can extend up to 10 inches. Syll said as I felt my tongue warm. "Perfect." I purred as I walked to Amadia and slowly knelt behind her. "Spread your legs now." I commanded putting my hands on her pillow soft ass. 

"What? O..oh kay." she did as I asked and I gently kissed her slit. I inhaled deeply and sighed. "You smell wonderful like a beautiful flower. Now time to get some nectar." I say as I push my new tongue deep into her and wiggle it around. I rub my lower jaw roughly into her clit and use my hands to keep her cheeks spread. 

Amadia moans loudly and shudders nearly crushing the food in front of her but stops herself from falling completely, "OH MY GOD YOUR TONGUE!!" she squeals feeling my flexible invader move and press deep into her trying to draw out all of her nectar. 

As I explore her depths with my tongue I focus on the spots that seem to bring her the most pleasure. I pull out and stop hearing her whine in protest. I stand quickly and kiss her hard pushing my tongue into her mouth and teasing her throat. I put my finger in her wet folds and thrust from behind her hard. My other hand moves to her clit as I start to thrust regularly. I whisper in her ear, "I bet you can't wait for this to be my pe..cock, such a naughty girl wanting women with big cocks fucking you hard and fast. Should I do that to you when I get one? Make you beg for it over and over till your nothing but a sleeve for it?" I start to feel powerful and in control as I talk dirty and thrust more. I shiver in excitement thinking of how this would feel with a cock instead of fingers. 

"Oh god Alissa, please fuck me, I'll do anything to feel thaaaaahhhhh." she moans when I thrust particularly hard. "Please let me ride your cock when you get one," she begs while shaking. I feel her close to the edge and stop moving completely. "Nooooooo Alissa please I was so close." she mewls grinding her ass on my hand. 

"Call me mistress when we're like this, also I would prefer to taste you." I say as I use my long tongue to lick my way down her back and through her crack. I line it up and tease her with it. 

She groans and tries to press down on it. I move with her preventing penetration. She moans and says, "please MISTRESS shove your tongue into my pussy please, drink my nectar, let me cum, please I NEED to cum." she begs 

As soon as she finishes I push my tongue deep and rub her clit hard. She silently screams as her body shudders and twitches with an intense orgasm. I drink all of her cum and slowly pull my tongue out. I help her to a chair and sit her down with breakfast in front of her. I get my own plate and sit down. "Come you should eat, I know I ate well." I smirk and start to eat the eggs. She gives me a smirk and promptly gives me the finger before she herself starts to eat. 

After some light chat about how my classes are going I hear Syll tell me, I can increase your jumping power now to what it needs to be if you finish this plate and consume some more food. After we make the jump I'll even out your body, you might notice a slight increase in bust,hips and rear. I smile and reply with *sounds good I'll grab some more.* I stand with my near empty plate and ask Amadia. 

"Do you want seconds?" I look up and smile when she looks at me. "No I don't take the rest." she gets up and brings the empty plate back to rinse it off before walking to the bathroom. 

I quickly eat the rest of it and smile as I slip into the bathroom when she starts the shower. "Mind if I join you?" I ask her and tickle her sides. 

She jumps and turns around. "Not at all but don't tickle me." she laughs while trying to look angry. 

After a long shower with thorough cleaning and light petting. I step out and dry off as she dries her hair and then her body. I notice a small scar line on her stomach and poke it gently. "What happened?"I ask looking at her in the mirror and notice he sigh and slightly sad look. 

"Oh that, well ten years ago I had a high school sweetheart, good guy good looking and sweet, he was perfect boyfriend stuff. Well we did what horny teens do and I got pregnant while in med school. I was going to finish school anyway and graduate. I decided to surprise him with my pregnancy, thinking he was going to be thrilled," She gives a deep sigh, "I still don't know how I missed the signs but when I told him he wasn't happy at all. He said and I quote "how dare your get pregnant you cheating whore, I'm unable to have kids," even though he was tested and showed that he in fact was fertile just unlikely. He convinced himself that I cheated on him and at night stabbed me in the stomach killing the baby and destroying my chances to ever have kids again." She falls to her knees crying. I go down with her and cry as well, hugging her tightly and holding her to me. 

"I'm so sorry. I wish I could do something to help you, Amadia," I say lifting her face to mine and looking into her red eyes, "I'll never EVER do anything like that no matter what OK," I promise her, kiss her forehead and hold her tight as she slowly calms down. 

"I shouldn't have told you that Alissa but I'm glad I did, I am past it but it still stings me to this day," she gives a stuttering exhale as she stands and washes her face. "Go get dressed I'll meet you at lunch like usual, OK." 

"Sounds good." I said backing up and going to open the balcony door. I walk back and breath heavily. I nervously laugh, "I really hope this works." 

Amadia sticks her head out and watches, looking a bit skeptical. Her mouth drops and is stunned still watching me blur as I run so fast and hard that when I jump off the metal railing my foot bends the metal. 

I do my best not to scream with joy as I all but fly to the student dorm. After merely a few seconds I land and roll into the wall beside my balcony door and laugh out loud and smirk trying to contain my glee at what I just did. I stand up slowly and look in my room. My two roommates are currently asleep still. I open the door slowly and start to get dressed. 

As usual, Alice woke up stretching like some jungle cat and slowly gets up. "Your up early Alissa and what's with that smile? Have a good dream about some guy?" she teases me, stands up, stretches again, then walks to her dresser to get dressed. 

"As if, just had a nice dream about certain girls disappearing," I sigh pretending to still be a closet lesbian, "I will tell them eventually but not now, I've got more plans I need to work on," I give a predatory out of sight of the other, when an alarm goes off. 

As soon as her alarm goes off Aliandra hits the button and rolls over groaning, "why do I have to wake up?" she sighs and doesn't move. 

I walk over and rip her blanket off revealing her naked body, "cause school is evil and demands attendance." I say poking her side. 

She flinches and giggles, "stop that you know how ticklish I am." 

I smile and tickler her more, "that's the point now wake up before I join you." 

She groans, "fiiiiine, I'll get up you know I'm not into women," she says pouting and standing up. 

"Hey Alice," I say moving behind her and lifting her breast and she goes to put on her panties. 

Alice looks over after adjusting her skirt, "ya?" she stops and looks at the tits I'm lifting up, "I think they got bigger." she laughs and starts looking for a shirt. 

"Let go before I cut those hands off," she says and tries to sound menacing. 

I blow on her neck and see her shiver. I whisper in her ear, "I still remember the time you watched me masturbate. Would you like to see it again?" I say teasingly. 

She moves forward and out of my grip and pulls up her bra from her dresser, "wh...what, no, that was, I don't know OK just stop teasing me, also what's gotten into you your so happy, you know the bitch brigade will stop that." she sighs as she dresses. 

I move to my dresser and put on my clothes giving the illusion that I slept in my underwear, "not today they won't, I've got a surprise for those girls," I smile and rub where they hit me. 

As we dress in amiable silence and get our bags ready. We head to the bottom floor where the high end cafeteria was but was more or less a high class hotel all you can eat breakfast buffet. I took a plate and filled it more then usual, Alice and Aliandra give me a surprised look. 

"Wow Alli that's a lot. You eating for two?" Alice said with a teasing smile. Aliandra smirked and shook her head. "I think she wants to eat for five people." 
