 I rush to the principal and grab her arms and pull her in closing the door, "I can explain everything ok please don't expel me or call the police" 

"You have one minute to explain," Ms. Schmidt said in a very tense voice, Amadia came up behind her and handed her files showing my physical changes and my DNA. 

"What did you see when you came in?" I asked her as I pulled my skirt down and over my panties, my cock having absorbed back into me. 

"I saw you kiss the doctor then grow a massive cock, as I said, explain!" she demands. 

I sigh and take a few calming breaths, "ok well first I was nearly killed by Harriet and her two friends, they smashed my head with a rock and left me in a crater where Syll's meteor/ship landed, Syll saw my wound and saved my life and in return I help her gather all the information I can, second my body is no longer completely human as that file shows, if anything I'm the next couple of steps above human evolution," I looked into her eyes trying to see if she believed me, Syll formed a small glob of slime on my shoulder and waved at her then bowed. 

Ms., Schmidt looked at it and raised her eyebrows, then looked at me in shock. She paced the floor as she angrily said, "so you did rape her? How'd you get to her room?" 

I determinedly stared back, "yes and by climbing the building, and she deserves it, I don't regret what I did, I want her to stop tormenting people and just attacking her won't work, I plan to break her and force her to stop, so she hurts no one else, plus she nearly killed me twice, I deserve some justice so does Cassandra." I said looking a bit sad, I noticed Ms. Schmidt look sad for a few seconds. 

"After reading your assault I would still say no but considering all her torments she's done to a lot of people I would be reluctant to agree, still don't go after her again!" she said as she went to walk past me I stepped in her way. 

"I won't stop till she stops you don't understand how bad my head was damaged, Syll only showed me just recently, I'm shocked I'm alive somehow, and I'll show you," I said as I opened my hand a tiny crystal formed, I held it to her forehead and said, "this is harmless it will simply show you a memory," 

She nods and let's me press it into her forehead after a few moments she reals back and her eyes widen as she sees what Syll saw, me lying on the ground naked my face half covered in blood, my eyes vacant my breath shallow and laboured, but worst of all was the wound, a six inch long gap that had some of my brain matter spilling out, my bones fragmented, a wound that would equal death to anyone not in a hospital. 

"My god, that thing really did save your life," she said looking at me in shock, she breathed in deep and closed her eyes, "I understand your need for vengeance but I would still ask you to stop , breaking her like that is one of the worse ways you could hurt someone." 

"Normally I wouldn't do that at all, I was going to stop after the first time, it was supposed to be a warning, but she loved it, every second every moment she came around my cock a few times, hell after it happened she played with herself for a bit while going to bed," I said as I stepped around her and hugged Amadia, "also, please don't punish Amadia for this, I didn't force her into anything but I still like her too much to let go of her," I said as I walked to the door, Amadia smiled and waved, Ms. Schmidt looked at me and then her. 

"I'll let that slide so long as you keep up your grades, don't let this interfere with anything ok, also if she did enjoy being forced to pleasure you I would be very careful she might break like you want, but then she'll want you forever and won't stop till she has you, if she's anything like her mother," she said as I left. 

After I left the principal turned to Amadia, "now I know your history and I'm guessing she healed it somehow right?" she moves in closer and hugs Amadia,"listen if she didn't do that we both know I would have stopped it, but I know how badly you want kids, I just hope she's ready for them otherwise you could ruin her life my old friend." 

Amadia hugged her back and squeezed tightly, "I know ok and I will be careful but if she's not ready I'll still do my best here while helping everyone," Amadia shakes but calms down after a bit, "thank you for understanding Berjit," she said as she looked up and kissed her cheek. 

"You're welcome and also I want you to make sure she is being careful about this whole Harriet thing, I don't know why she's so focused on Alissa, I'll try to find out if I can ok, also make sure you delete all the information you have on these changes after putting them to paper, if the government finds out you'll never see her again." she said as she opened the door and left. 

As I enter class the teacher and students look up, "Ah miss Chapleau, I know why you're late and the work has been sent to your room, you can sit down and listen then." 

I go to my seat and see Janice giving me a seething look, I choose to ignore it and focus on the lesson, I move throughout the classes listening and learning reading the books absorbing all the information. 

*Syll can you inform Amadia that I will be in the library today, I'll try to visit her tonight if possible, also whisper that I'm here to Harriet as well, I'm curious as to what she'll do.* I said as I leave the class and turn towards the library. 

As I enter the large library I look up at the tall bookshelves and smile in wonder, I look down the length of it and choose to go upstairs to the non fiction section, I move to the beginning of the long library, I find the wall and the window leading outside, I put down my bags and such, I go to the shelves and pick up some random books. 

As I start to read I feel my eyes tingle, then behind them starts to sting a bit, *Syll what are you doing?* I as her as the feeling soon fades, I look down and start to read again but this time much faster. 

As you can guess I've increased you're ability to absorb information, I am also absorbing it at the same time, I smile as I hear this and continue reading. 

After an hour I put down my third book and stood up stretching, I see Amadia come over to me and smile at her, she smiles back and hands me one large container of food. 

"So helping Syll now I see, also I'll see you tonight I just thought you should eat something," she looks around and grimaces, "damn there's students nearby," she grumbles and walks aways. 

I whisper "I'll see you later and you better be ready," I smirk as she stumbles a bit and continues to her room, I sit down and start to eat while reading. 

As I finish the book I get up and put them away, I move between the shelves and notice someone behind me, "HOW'D YOU DO IT??" Harriet demands loudly. 

"Do what?" I said smirking at her, *can you tell if she has any recording devices on or nearby?* I ask Syll as Harriet comes closer and pokes my chest. 

"Don't you dare lie to me, I know you raped me and then pretended like nothing happen, I should kill you right now but if I do I'll be expelled and mom will be fired," she looks a bit afraid at mentioning her mother. 

She has no recording technology on her body at the moment, nor can any recording devices see us, I smiled and replied. 

*thanks Syll,* I step close and poke her stomach hard and notice her flinch. 

I look at her stomach then raise her shirt to reveal a bruise forming, she pulls her shirt down and blushes hard, "shut up and tell me why you lied!" 

I look her in the eyes and rest my hand on her stomach, "I simply told the truth, I didn't rape you," I leaned in and whispered into her ear as I licked it, "I had sex with my property, and don't you dare say that you hated it, I know you fingered yourself after we did it, and how you came on my cock multiple times," I say as I pull her close and kiss her, my cock pressing into her crotch, "tell me how you got those bruises," I commanded. 

She shuddered and turned a deep crimson, even her neck and shoulders started to blush, "I didn't like it," she said looking into my eyes, then whispered quietly, "I loved it, and my mom she's been doing it since I was young," she shook her head then stepped back, "no please tell me why you did it, please?" she quietly begs the last part. 

"Why do you torment why did you beat me, why try to kill me?" I asked her as I stepped back. 

She flinched and looked around, "my mom told me to make your life hell, and I don't know why she just wants you gone," Harriet whispered then we hear a buzzing noise, she pulls out her phone and looks upset then looks at me, "I need you to go, get out of this school ok, just go!" she said as she storms off shaking her head. 

As Harriet leaves the library she tenderly touches her stomach and winces expecting pain, but finds none, she lifts her shirt revealing clear unmarred skin, she shudders and gently touches it, then hears in her head, *only I can mark you, after all you're mine,* she shudders and feels herself grow damp at the thought and rushes away blushing and holding her phone to her mouth thinking. 

I pull out more books and notice the time, I pull out ten books and go to the desk, I checked out the book, afterwards I went to my room, as I'm walking past the garden I stop to sit down enjoying the view. 

Alissa I believe that Harriet may be in danger, Syll said to me as I was enjoying the smell of the flowers with my enhanced sense. 

*why do you think that?* I asked while closing one eye, I saw through the mouse that Harriet was being yelled at by her mother, she was holding her cheek and crying, I then hear Helena say, "Fucking useless child, why can't you're do anything I say properly you're always messing things up, tell me why on earth that daughter of a whore is still around?" she walked forward hand lifted. 

"I tried she should be dead I opened her head with a rock, I saw her brains, now she's able to do inhuman things easily, I don't think I can do anything to her anymore," I barely hear her whisper, "or want to." 

Helena slaps her hard across the face, "well she's fine so maybe you didn't do enough, kill her tonight or kill yourself and blame it on her, I want her gone, she's a reminder of what I lost and what you can never be," Helena stormed out and slammed the door, I quickly moved to the door area and rushed to the elevator. 

As it opened I see her standing there, she raised her hand then blew out a breath, "fucking tranny you shouldn't be here," she said to me as she walked past and glowered at me. 

I withheld my reply and simply let her go, I wanted to hit her but I knew it would do nothing but cause trouble, I hoped in and quickly pressed my floor, *Syll is there any cameras or recording equipment in Harriet's room?* I asked as the door opened. 

I rushed to my room and dropped the books as I put my backpack down Alice looks up worried, "everything ok?" she asked as I quickly changed. 

"No not really I have to deal with something, pretty sure I know why Harriets such bitch," I said as I went to the balcony. 

"You did rape her didn't you," she looked at me shocked. 

"No I didn't I did what I felt necessary to stop her cruelty and after everything she's done to me what I did was the least worst choice I had," I looked up and jumped to the roof in one go, I spotted three girls talking and smoking, they didn't see me so I quickly and sneakily ran to the opposite side of the roof where I dropped down onto Harriet's balcony. 

I looked around with the mice and saw no one, I also find nothing that can record, but I see her in her bed shuddering sometimes, I open the door slowly and quietly move to her. 

I strip myself and cover her mouth as I slip in behind her, I wrap my arm around hers and move her flush against me, "hey you, you ok?" I asked kissing the slap mark on her cheek. 

"I hate you ever since you got here she's been worse and worse, I don't know why she hates you so much," she said turning over, I saw the welts on her cheeks and kissed them. 

"Me neither, but I'm going to give you two choices, one I do continue what I started and fuck you till you're mine, or two you pleasure me and prove to me that you want to be my slave, if you become mine willingly I'll protect you from her, if not then I will continue to force my cock into you until you beg for it," I said giving her a look that offered no other choices. 

After a few minutes she looked at me and closed her eyes, "if you can truly protect me from her please do, I've seen what you can do and I want to be free of her, she's cruel and heartless all because I'm a failure, I'm not the daughter she wanted, and I don't even know about what my dad thinks, he lives with us but they don't talk or anything and he treats me like I don't exist," she said as she started to cry again. 

I held her close and hugged her tightly, "we can find out all that later I promise, but right now this is about something else," I said pulling back and seeing her nod, she sat up and stripped off her top the aid down to take off her bottoms. 

Harriet leaned down and gently took the head of my cock in her mouth and slowly licked around it, she bobbed her head a bit and slowly jerked me off, she went to feel for my balls but looked confused as she found my odd sack then surprised that I had a pussy, she hummed on my cock as she started to finger me lightly. 

I groaned under the duel assault and grabbed her head forcing her down, she shuddered at my hands touching her and smiled around my cock, I pushed harder and forced her to take me, as I did so she hummed in pleasure then pulled off, she sat up and tossed her leg over my waist and lined up the head to her opening, she smiled and shuddered lightly as she eased herself down. 

I reached up and gently took hold of her breast, I kneaded them playfully while smiling, I started to pinch and pull them lightly while she stopped, I felt something on my cock head. 

"This will be the second time you take my virginity," she said as she leaned down and kissed me hard. 

I grabbed her hips and slammed her down making her moan with pain and pleasure into the kiss, "oh hush we both know you like it rough also, it won't be the last time I take your virginity," I smile and bite her throat and I make her bounce on my cock. 

As I bite her throat I feel her shiver and then hear her whisper, "I shouldn't be liking this, or want this but I do," she hugs my neck and starts to roll her hips as she slams herself down. 

"You're just realising who you should serve," I said as I lifted my hand and spanked her ass, I pulled her hair and looked her in the eyes, "who do you serve slut?" I asked with my hand in the air. 

She shudder around and squeezed my cock, "you, my owner, my mistress," she said and tried to look down as she sped up her rhythm, she put her hands on my chest and proceeded to play with my nipples. 

I moaned and twitched my cock in time with her teasing, "stop or I'll fill you up now," I said as I smirked and quickly flipped us over, "put your hands above your head and get ready, I'm not going to be gentle." 

She blushed hard and did as I said, I willed my cock longer and felt it touch her deepest depths, she moaned and turned her head and closed her eyes. 

I grabbed her hips and started to roughly fuck her, I used my enhanced body to go even faster than normal, I heard her grunt in pain from the fucking, but I also felt her pussy quiver and squeeze trying to pull me deeper. 

As I felt my cock head bounce off her cervix I looked down and said, "this is perfect, just how a slave should be used isn't that right my little whore," I punctuated my insult by slapping her tit hard causing her to moan loudly as I felt her pussy cum and suck on my cock trying to pull it deeper. 

I stopped moving and leaned down, "did you just cum without my permission?" I asked Harriet as I painfully pulled her nipple, she looked at me in fear and nodded. 

I slowly pulled out and sat on the edge of the bed, I tapped my thighs as I say, "get over my knee, naughty sluts get punished," I said smiling watching her slowly get up and crawl over my lap. 

"I'm sorry mistress I should have asked first," she said as she blushed. 

"Yes you should have," I say as I rub her ass cheeks and give a playful tap, "hmmmmm I think ten swats per cheek should do," I raised my hand and brought it down fast, I felt her body nudge forward and felt her juices run down my leg, "wow only one hit and you're already soaked," I laughed as I brought it down on the second cheek just as hard and heard her moan, "wow you truly are a little slut aren't you," I said as I continued to spank her. 

As I lifted my hand up again she looked up at me, "mistress, I've learned my lesson, may I cum please, I'm so close, I need to," she shakes her ass and bites her lip. 

I do the final slap as I order her to cum, once my hand slaps her ass I feel her pussy juice flow over my leg and I watch her body shake and shudder, "thank you mistress, now can this slut be of some use?" she asks as she moves to her knees and stares at my cock lovingly. 

"Yes you may," I say as I spread my legs and my cock rises to greet her with an angry bounce, she leans forward and takes it into her mouth and sucks hard and does her best to tie her tongue in knots around it, I grab her head and shudder, I try to push forward but I feel her cough as I push into her throat, I pull out and let her relax, I then push forward again this time sliding into her throat. 

As my cock sinks into her throat I feel her grab my hips and push forward, I feel her chin brush my clit and groan as I cum hard, she moans in surprise and holds still as I cum. 

After I cum hard I pull out and she pulls away coughs hard, I hand her a bottle of water from her side table and she drinks, she looks down in shock and rubs her stomach, "wow mistress you really filled this slut," she looks up and stands slow while kissing me, "may this cum dump take more of your seed?" she asks while gently stroking my shaft. 

"No, I'm done with you for now," I said pushing her away gently and cleaning myself off, "you're nothing but my sex toy, to be used and abused as I wish, if you want me to use you for anything more you need to earn it ok, one way to do so is to back off on being mean, step two, don't let your mom push you around like that ok," I said as I stepped away and saw her sad face. 

"Understood," she said looking up at me, then came forward and kissed me deeply, "I'll do my best for you ok," she walked to the bathroom and turned on the shower as I got dressed then climbed to the roof, I look around and spot no one, I then rush to the other side and climb down to my room. 

"Jeez Alissa where did you go?" Alice asked me as I come in. 

"To talk with Harriet, turns out she's targeting me because he mom wants her to, also she's been abused so I can understand somewhat why she is the way she is, but I'll stick with my plan," I said going to the bathroom to shower. 

As I stripped I started to think about how i could expand myself from here, I had so many possibilities before me that I was stunned by them, *Syll I know you want to gather knowledge and all but doing it by reading will take forever, even with my extended life, could you possibly use animals to gather knowledge? Such as squirrels or racoon? They could turn pages and such but someone would have to get the books down and back up for them, or they could work as a team to get them, also how do you store knowledge that you've already gathered?* I asked her sounding confused and thoughtful at the same time. 
