 Chapter 02: Moira

Moira watched the revelry with dispassionate lethargy. It was amazing how easily these mortals succumbed to vices of the flesh. They prided themselves on their goodness and morality with one breath, while with the next, expelled whimpering moans of ecstasy while performing acts of deliciously vile lasciviousness. Contradictory asses, the whole lot of them. And they thought she was immoral. At least she had the decency to be exactly who she wanted to be, to do exactly what she wanted to do. 

No illusions, no artifice. Just pure, unadulterated Moira.

If she was to show them what wickedness they were capable of with just the slightest of persuasion, they would be horrified. Very little of what was happening before her was tasteful. Her spell merely took away the flimsy walls they called inhibitions. What were left were their long buried fantasies; debauched dreams hidden behind carefully crafted masks of righteousness and purity.

No doubt, the trio of angelic cheerleaders kneeling before her were usually paragons of respectability; going about their cheerful days in their tiny little get-ups, with 4.0 GPA's, and memberships in some elite sorority. But tonight, with the help of a small spell of compulsion, they were feasting voraciously upon the clit of a rather plain looking girl. Moira assumed the lucky girl was usually ignored completely. With her large frame glasses, and limp brown hair, she would never have believed that one day orgasm after orgasm would be bestowed upon her by three foraying tongues and the hard, punishing thrusts of three fingers into her dripping cunt.

Several men stood around the foursome, watching them with unconcealed lust, hands pumping up and down their rock hard cocks. One staggered a few steps closer to the oblivious women, and let out a bellow as he came. Streams of liquid jetted from the tip of his cock, landing in thick white spots all over the enraptured brunette's naked body. Suddenly, a second man jerked forward and dropped to his knees. He pumped his cock twice over the prone girl, and then covered her face with his scalding release. Moira turned away just as three other men stepped forward, eager to add to the collection.

Her gaze rested, instead, upon the delicious vision of a woman being pummeled from behind. On her hands and knees, the man slammed himself into the woman so hard that, with even the ruckus of dozens of orgies surrounding them, Moira could discern the sweet sound of skin slapping against skin from her distance. The woman looked like she would be screaming her ecstasy from such rough treatment had her mouth not been stuffed full with the cock of another man. He held her head back with a lock of her jet black hair, and was forcing himself into her mouth with as much glee as the man who was taking her from behind. The woman's cheeks were concave from the vacuum she created within her mouth, forming a warm heaven for the lucky man she was sucking on. Then the man rammed himself into her mouth once more, and with a violent convulsion, loosed a torrent which she unhesitatingly swallowed down.

Moira's eyes wandered once more, and she smiled cynically at the sight of a couple; a man and woman on a chair not three feet away, rocking together in a slow and steady rhythm. His large hand covered the peak of a breast, while the other roamed the curves of the woman's derriere. It was endearingly vanilla in this house of debauchery, and Moira wondered if she had ever been so innocent.

Never, she thought as she shifted her hips suggestively. Behind her, a slight groan came from the perch she sat upon. Moria turned to look upon the face of her lover. Erebus's face was darkening with need, and his cock, forever ready, hardened even further within the tight confines of her ass. He grasped her hips and pushed her down as he thrust upwards. The sensations that spiraled through her were beyond description. All Moira knew was that she was filled beyond endurance, and she loved every unrelenting inch of it.

But instead of giving her the rapture she was so obviously begging for -- a magnificent, awe inspiring ass-fucking -- Erebus merely held her in place. With the crook of a finger, one of the angelic blonds came to the god's bidding. He caressed her rounded cheek gently, like a master petting his favored beast, and slid his hand into her thick mass of golden curls. With hardly an urging on his part, he guided her down between Moira's spread knees.

"Make her come," he commanded lazily, and the angel set to work obeying him. Moira felt the velvet heat lightly touch the throbbing need at the apex of her legs as she watched the small, feminine tongue slide along the tip of her clit. Completely engrossed with the feast before her, the angel opened her mouth and took the nub between her plump lips. At the sweet suction that followed, Moira arched her back and groaned. Erebus's impaling cock pushed even deeper at her movements, enticing all her nerves into a flurry of delight. 

With instincts born of the wanton, Moira's body moved to the ministrations of the woman before her. Her hips rocked back and forth with the slow lapping of the angel's tongue, and hardened steel clad in soft, smooth skin slid in and out of her ass. Fingers entered the hot wet haven of her pussy, and began their work. 

With the hot devouring mouth and firm tonguing, Moira became limp with the unyielding pleasure that bombarded her. With the persistent stroking fingers Moira felt herself unravel piece by piece. But it was with one last firm thrust of his massive cock into the tightly puckered entrance of her ass that Erebus freed a storm of pleasure that refused to dissipate. Again and again, her every sensation was battered by the tempest. Her screams were drowned by the rushing of blood in her veins, as again and again, the duo pushed Moira into paradise.