 "Jeez Aliandra, you a cat girl or something? Why the ears and tail?" I asked her as she squirmed under Amadias teasing digits.

"I wanted something unique and cute, plus I love cats and always wanted to be like this, now I can," she replied as she jumped away from Amadia and rushed behind the couch, Amadia pouted and slumped into the couch.

"I see, but I wonder how you're going to hide everything during school," I asked out loud as I sat myself on Amadias lap and put my back to her chest.

I felt her hands slide around my hips slowly as I watched Alice and Myrna sit at the table both still eating slowly, I reached down and gently pulled Amadias hands to my crotch, Aliandra looked a little flush as she sat down and watched, "Syll set it up so I can change forms at will, much like your control over your cock."

"Interesting, what's it like hearing with those? And having a tail?" I asked as felt Amadias hands slowly pull my skirt up to reveal my slowly hardening length.

Aliandra stuttered out a reply while focusing on my massive cock, "Interesting it's hard to describe the feeling of a new tail, and as for hearing it's like using an extremely powerful microphone to listen to everything at once, I'm also able to focus on things clearly, like the sound of your cock being rubbed by Amadia," she blushed deeper as her breath hitched, I noticed her legs where rubbing together slowly.

I smiled and giggled then moaned loudly on purpose, "Oh I wish someone could help me with this hard cock," I said loudly while giving Aliandra a pointed look, I felt Amadia slip her hand under my cock to tease and rub my clit, I started to shake my hips making my cock bounce for Aliandra.

I watched as her eyes focused on my cock as she slowly crept forward on her hands and knees. Once between my legs she lunged forward and used her tongue to pull me into her mouth and suck gently while purring sending a vibration up my cock and into my hips making me twitch and hump forward which banged the back of her throat. I assumed she would retreat. Instead of pulling out she pushed forward and I felt my cock slid down her throat slowly, she looked up into my eyes with a heat in them that caught me off guard.

"Jeez Ally, what's gotten into you, other than me," I smirked and grabbed her head, I gently rubbed her ears and leaned my head back to kiss Amadia. As we kissed I felt Amadia push deeper into my pussy and rub my g-spot playfully, I moaned louder as I felt Ally pull back. I looked down and watched as a stream of saliva connected my cock and her lips, she breathed heavily for a few seconds before smiling and pushing my cock down her throat again. This time I felt her nose nearly hit my stomach before she stopped and swallowed repeatedly to massage my cock.

I pulled her hair as I moaned loudly and came down her throat. I heard Amadia moan as my pussy squirted and drenched her lap, Aliandra pulled back and coughed hard for a short moment, she looked up and smiled, "That was delicious, can I get some more?" I heard her and she kissed my stomach then my nipples as she sucked and pulled on the other then looked into my eyes as she waited for my answer.

"Yes after I recover because that was a fast one, hadn't had one that fast, ever." I laid back as Amadia hugged me, I felt Ally's hands slowly jerk my cock as Amadia teases my tits, I felt Amadias tongue licked my ear then her breath as she said, "After you ride her I want a turn."

Aliandra laughed as she rose up and lifted my now hard cock and lined it up to her pussy, "Time to get even more blown up," she said as she lowered herself down my cock, I felt her slightly bloated tummy rub mine as she took my full length.

As her wet lips met the base of my cock I leaned in and bit her neck lightly, as I did I heard her gasp and moan. I then whispered into her ear, "Taking my cum will get you pregnant, is that what you want? To be bred like some purebred cat?" with every word she moaned louder and squeezed me harder.

"Maybe but not yet, in the future I wouldn't mind," she whispered back to me. I felt Amadia inhale quickly then relax slowly, I felt her breath in my ear as she whispered, "You want to breed people? That's hot and so damn sexy." 

I had a sudden thought and acted immediately, I pushed Aliandra down onto the couch and moved quickly to resheath my cock in her warm depths. I looked back at Amadia and smiled and I grabbed her hair and pulled it insistently, "Come here slut I want you to ride this whore's face." I looked down and noticed that Ally was now breathing harder as she sat there watching Amadia walk closer.

Amadia looked at me as she threw her knee over Ally's head and sat down, after a few moments she jumped and moaned loudly, "Her tongue is like sandpaper, dear God that feels good," she started to ride Aliandra's face hard and fast, "OH FUCK!" she yelled as she shuddered, "It's fucking long too."

"That's good I hope she uses it fully on you while I fuck her," I grinned as I started to thrust into Ally hard and fast. I reached over and grabbed Amadias neck and pulled her to me and kissed her hard and deep. I reached down to rub Aliandra's clit but stopped when I felt a soft sensation on my hand. I looked down and realised that she was starting to grow fur, it was very thin but looked like a off white fog covered her stomach and chest and part of her thighs, on her lower legs sides and I'm guessing back was a blackish color with grey stripes doing a downward V pattern.

"Holy shit, Amadia look!" I said to her as she looked down her eyes grew large then she slammed them shut as she came on Aliandras face, I looked down in wonder then shudder as I felt a noticeable shift within Aliandras pussy, it became tighter with some kind of nub like protrusions randomly placed, it felt amazing! After a few thrusts I moaned loudly as I cummed hard, filling her up and bloated her stomach even more.

"I don't know what I love more Alissa, how big your cock is or how much you cum" Aliandra muttered as Amadia dismounted her face, she sat up and smirked as she rubbed her belly, "I can't believe I look pregnant and it's just cum," she giggled and stood up. I turned around and noticed that Myrna face was deeply flushed and that Alice was nowhere to be seen. I walked around the counter and saw Alice between Myrna legs licking her lips, she spotted me and blushed hard as she crawled out and stood up.

"Never ate pussy before, wanted to taste what it was like," she laughed nervously as she went and sat down on a stool, I went to the fridge and pulled out water and filled a large glass and drank all of it as I went to sit down, Aliandra and Amadia sat down at the table as well.

"So what's the plan now?" Myrna asked me as I noticed how dark it was out.

"Well tomorrow is Friday, after classes I have to deal with Marion and Janice. Harriet is going to bring them to her room, after I do my thing I'll get them to change then work on helping Syll gather some information. I want to try and create some method that let's her explore the internet without having to use some living creature, this way she can do as she pleases. What do you girls think?" I asked them as we calmed down and started to think, Myrna looked up at me and smiled.

"Maybe some type of interface that requires a touch pad and electrical signals that deliver information directly?" I was about to say something when Alice spoke up and said energetically, "That could be done! Some people have begun experimenting with such tech, but we would need a computer specialist to help out, I don't know anything, what about you girls?" I shook my head as did Aliandra, Amadia looked up and said, "We could ask Penjani, maybe she could help out with the minor stuff."

Myrna spoke up after Amadia, "She would be good but remember, she likes to be in the spotlight so she will definitely tell people about Syll, and or use the invention to become famous. I'd rather not ask her," Amadia opened her mouth to reply but before she could speak I spoke up.

"Could we just make her sign a contract or something? I'd honestly not want to spread Syll out to everyone all the time, I have two maybe three more people who I'm giving Syll to and that's it for now." I looked at everyone as I said that and noticed that Alice was in deep thought.

"What are you thinking about Alice?" I asked her before anyone else could say anything.

She looked up and said quietly, "What about using electrodes that read brainwaves and some sort of pressure or thermal sensor to deliver and receive information? Or is Syll unable to absorb information through electrical signals?" as she finished Syll said to everyone who could hear her.

*Yes but it would have to be done through some type receiver, or a brain, but no animal brain could do it, I would need to use a human one or one that is extremely similar to humans.* 

I shivered as everyone but Myrna paled at the implications, when Myrna gave a questioning glance I relayed the message and watched her reaction.

"Doesn't surprise me all that much. If anything I think it's possible to order a primates brain, such as a chimpanzee or gorilla, but I don't know if it's close enough to work properly," Myrna said as she looked around the room with intent. Then with a monotone look she continued, "Or a human one, some do donate their bodies to science, but obtaining one could be difficult, anyone else have any ideas?" she asked the girls.

"I might have one but it's not one that you guys might like, but we could always use Janice or Marion as a human receiver." I said thinking of their possible uses other than being some type of breeding stock or sex toy as per my original plan.

Alice and Aliandra both looked shocked, Amadia looked disturbed slightly and Myrna smiled a bit and said quietly, "make them take shifts so they don't suffer so much. I don't see a reason those two should receive any mercy for their actions following Harriet's tyranny. Hell you could make Harriet do it to, for all I care." She smirked and leaned back a bit.

"Oh I've already dealt with Harriet she's helping me get the other two tomorrow. As for Harriet she has her reasons and I plan to stop the source of it later, I can't just make her mom disappear," I said out loud in response to Myrna's comment.

"Well you could do that actually with help from Syll," Myrna replied back looking around at everyone, "We know she could, and what's stopping you?" she said looking at me.

"Umm how bout I'm breaking the law, also I'm essentially killing her just to get her brain, that pretty much makes it pointless right there," I said defensively.

"That may be true but we would also get rid of her, she's a tyrant to the teachers as well, she may be good at her job but she's relentless with her 'rules'," she air quoted the last word.

Amadia nodded and then spoke up, "while that's true, we can't just hurt her or use her like that and expect nothing to happen. We'll be breaking countless laws and probably get us fired and expelled. We need to be here, it's probably the safest place, if where going to do anything it has to be done quietly and hidden, not just make people disappear." Amadia finished sounding defensive and slightly appalled by Myrna's lack of remorse.

"Ok both of you be quiet please, I have some plans and I will deal with her later but not like that. if where going to change the world and get Syll into space and back home it's going to require a lot of people working together and people who are smart and able to think of futuristic tech, and yes this is a plan in progress too," I nervously laughed.

Alice looked surprised and said, "You want to get her to space? Why not use some rockets?"

I replied looking slightly embarrassed, "I was hoping to go myself in a ship, plus getting humans to Mars and outside of our solar system," I hide behind my hair in embarrassment.

"You wanna have a spaceship and have space adventures!" Aliandra said in surprise then laughed loudly, "I knew you loved star trek but I didn't think you'd want to re-enact it, is it even possible?" she shook her head while laughing.

Myrna spoke up quickly, "In theory yes it is, very much so and with Syll here it increases those chances by a huge margin. It's a big jump but possible, I see no reason to think we can't." she said looking ecstatic. "If we can just imagine all the new discoveries we could find, we advance humans by centuries, thou I'd rather not considering our love for war and how our current national leaders are acting," she groaned while slumping back sounding defeated.

"That's true but it's still possible to do it but in secret maybe?" Alice said while looking thoughtful, "Where in the mountains it could be pretty easy to create a hidden base and start to build things their? Or we could make advance tech and sell it after patenting it."

I looked up and nodded "That's a good idea I think we should do that actually, it would help us in a few ways to keep Syll a secret. I could find a large animal or two and ask Syll to convert them to scout a good area. First, we should search into geology so we can build it safer knowing what type of rocks to mine in," I said looking to the two teachers.

"There should be more than enough info in the library, but if you truly need to you could talk to Matthew the geology teacher. He has a rock collection from all over the world," Myrna giggled a bit then muttered, "Guy loves rocks more than people sometimes."

"You ok? You sound slightly annoyed by that?" I said to Myrna. 

"I'm annoyed I asked him out once and he said no because it would take away time from his studies and research," she looked away and huffed.

"Ah ok so he's one of those guys, everything else comes second to his research. What made you like him?" I asked smiling.

"He's dedication to work and the way he doesn't judge people," Myrna replied as she stood and walked around to grab a glass of water.

"I see maybe I'll ask him then, he might help, and if he does building an underground base could be much easier. Getting the tech required would take some time," I said thinking out loud.

"Why even build a secret base if you plan on being public with this info at some point?" Alice asked me as she pulled out some of the leftovers and had a small plate warming in the microwave.

"Well for the next few years the tech we plan to make will easily change the world. On top of that were going to do medical research as well, we can do so much but there's one thing I know for sure. People are greedy, can any of you tell me that I'm wrong? Look at all the corruption that happens in politics due to money," I said, knowing that if Syll was public I would be killed or tortured and turned into some sort of lab rat.

"She has a point," Myrna said in defense. "I know from experience, they'll lie and tell you nothing happened even if you have proof. I tried to go public about my abduction and the government or some branch of the government kept me from doing so. What I did get out they gave 'evidence' that it was fake and told me to stop," she finished and let out a shuddering breath, "I'm just happy someone believes me now."

"We do considering I'm living proof," I laughed as everyone giggled a bit, then Aliandra yawned and stretched.

"I'm pretty tired think we should head back girls?" she asked me and Alice.

"I'm good here and there's enough room for you two in bed as well," I winked jokingly at them.

Alice looked at the couch and then at Amadia, "You sure we can't just use the couch, or is it even allowed for us to stay?" 

"Yes since you're here for 'medical' reasons I'll just have to phone the office and tell them you're staying here for the night. Tomorrow a security officer will come escort you both to your room then to class and explain why you're late," she explained as she got up and grabbed some towels and put them on the couch near the bathroom door, "Both of you shower before bed ok, it'll also be a good time to explore you're physical changes," she explained as I watched Myrna grab her stuff and get ready.

"I'll go back to my room and see you guys tomorrow during class, I'll also ask Matthew and see if he will help out.

I looked surprised and said rather quickly, "What will you say exactly?"

"Nothing too bad. I'll just ask him if the mountain has the right properties to be dug out and what minerals are in it," she looked at me and said sternly, "I won't say anything bad or damming ok! If he asks why I'll just say that I'm wondering if it's possible to dig out a large area for an experiment."

I nodded and looked at her, "Thanks for keeping this secret I know it's a lot to ask."

"It's fine you're helping me and hopefully giving me answers that I've been looking for, for some time. You also have given me more questions as well," she looked slightly upset then walked out and closed the door behind her.

I sighed heavily and looked at the three girls behind me, "I gave her answers but not the ones she wanted I think."

"Better than not knowing and being labeled a crazy person." Aliandra said as she stood up and walked to the bathroom, "I'll take the first one, then I'll go to bed with you two," she finished by pointing to me and Amadia.

"I'll sleep with you guys as well, and Ally it wasn't as bad as I thought". She sighed, "I'm sorry for being so mean and rude about this," she said as she stepped forward and hugged me tightly, "Forgive me?" 

I giggled slightly and replied "Of course I forgive you, nothing to really forgive either, I just hope you can try to keep me on the straight as well," I leaned and playfully said in a deep voice, "If not I'll conquer the world through sex and science,"

She looked at me and laughed a bit, "I'll try my best but if you're going to do it through sex, well I might not stop you," she blushed and walked to the couch and sat down hiding her embarrassment.

Amadia walked up behind me and hugged me close to her chest, "I won't let you do anything to crazy after all you're a father now," she whispered the last part to me.

I stood there quietly thinking that she's right, I healed her then got her pregnant. I'm actually a father. The realization never fully set in till just now, knowing that I'm the father and what I have to do makes me realize that I need to change and make sure nothing ever goes wrong or puts anyone in danger. I turned around and gave her a resolute look and said, "I know I'll never let things get too dangerous and I'll try to stop anyone who threatens us." 

Amadia looked surprised by the vehement statement and then started to tear up, "I know" is all she said as she hugged me close, I noticed Alice gave me a look of pride and joy.

"If I ever want kids I think I know who to ask," she said to me as she stood up and grabbed her towel as Aliandra walked out and looked annoyed.

"Note to self never shower as a cat girl, it hurts and feels really weird," we all laughed as she smiled and walked to the bedroom drying her hair.

Amadia walked to the bedroom after kissing my cheek, "Here I'll help you get settled," she said to Aliandra, I walked back to the kitchen and started to eat some more.

*Hey Syll is it possible to grow a second cock? Or would it be impossible?*  I thought to her as heard Aliandra and Amadia talk.

Yes it is but it will be directly above your current one, also at most I can help you create is two, anymore and it'll become difficult and will strain your body,  Syll informed me as she already started the process to make a second.

*Thanks, and how's the library coming?*  I asked her as I ate more to fuel the change.

Very well currently have forty eight percent of the library done, there is an information crystal in your room, it contains thirty five percent of the knowledge gained.
