 As I finished all my classes I walked past Harriet and saw that she was still slightly bloated, I giggled and went to Ms. Mathghamhna office, I knocked and waited for a few moments, then the door opened and she invited me in, "Thank you for coming Alissa, I've been meaning to speak with you since last night." she said sitting down and giving me a dangerous glare, then simply said, "What are you?" 

I tried to mask my shock but failed, Ms. Mathghamhna quickly said, "Didn't expect anyone to see you jump up a building like superman? Or from building to building like spiderman?" she stood up quickly and stepped around her desk to get closer, "What are you?" she demanded. 

I quickly stood up and tried with, "Nothing you clearly didn't see anything or imagined it, there is no way I could have done something like that," I backed up and started to panic slightly. 

I looked around and stepped towards the door meaning to leave, she grabbed my hand tried to pull me closer but was instead pulled by me, I looked back in fear as she gave me a victorious smile, "I knew it explain now before I call every damn agency I can think of," she threatened me as she stood back up holding my hand. 

I stood stunned trying to think of what to do as Amadia chimed in, *Hey love, Syll explained everything, Myrna is stubborn and always believed things that weren't possible it's why she teaches theoretical science, explain what happened if that fails make her submit, she's always going about the one time she was dominated,* as I listened I look at Ms. Mathghamhna in the face and leaned in close. 

"I'm part alien and if you don't let go and forget this I'll have to do something drastic," I threatened and tried to appear dangerous, she smiled and jumped back doing a small victory dance. 

"I knew it I wasn't crazy aliens do exist, now I need to show you to the world to prove I'm not crazy," she said looking deliriously happy, she sat on her desk and reached for the phone. 

I rushed forward and picked her up by the neck with one hand and held her aloft as I crushed the phone, "You can't tell anyone if you do I'll be taken away and I'll never see my family and friends again, would you destroy my life just to make yours better?" I asked her sounding troubled and upset at her plans. 

She looked down at me in anger and said, "You don't get to make that call when you're kind destroyed my life, as a kid I was taken and experimented on by lizard like aliens and no one believed me even after seeing my scars and seeing that half my organs were taken and replaced by genetically different ones," she lifted her hands and tried to free herself by hitting my elbow, I barely noticed the hit as I squinted and focused on her. 

"I'm not some lizard creature, I'm part slime, I said as Syll made a large humanoid slime form on my shoulder that waved and bowed to her," I replied, letting her feet touch the ground. I then pulled her close and looked into her eyes, "That's shitty and if you called people on me then what you went through, I would go through and maybe more," I let go and stepped back, "Please don't tell anyone, yes I may prove you right after years, but at what expense? My freedom? my family? My friends? Everything I ever loved will be destroyed by your one choice to be proven right," I said pleadingly to her hoping to change her mind about informing the world. 

Ms. Mathghamhna looked torn as she calmed down and thought about it, after a few moments she moved to her desk and pulled out a camera and gave it to me, "delete the footage, and tell me what I should do then? I'm an outcast from my family, most of the faculty think I'm crazy, and the students barely respect me," she said sounding defeated and slumped into her chair, she looked back up and lifted her shirt revealing an odd patch of skin, "I still bare their marks and even this isn't enough proof," 

I stepped close and showed my shock as I realized that is was flesh coloured scales and not soft human flesh, "how did nobody believe you with that kind of scar?" I asked sounding shocked, I reached out and touched the scales finding them rough and oddly smooth. 

"Because they saw it as a birth defect and not a sign of experimentation," she looked defeated, I erased the recording of me and put it down. 

I leaned forward and said, "Sorry about the phone, I wasn't thinking, also go to Amadias room around five ok, I'll meet you their and try to figure this out, maybe Syll knows something," I stepped back and left, "I'm sorry, but maybe I can help you find the answers you're looking for," I offer as I leave her alone in the room, I notice a small mouse crawl into her office, 

*keeping watch Syll?* I asked 

Yes, as you humans say, 'better safe than forgiving,' I believe that's right? I giggled and mumbled. 

"it's 'better safe than sorry' Syll," I said as I left the school. 

As I walked in I took my bag off and put it down, I saw Alice making a face as she came out of the bathroom, "You really hate that medicine don't you? You always make a face, haven't you been using it for a few years?" I asked as I went to my desk and sat down opening my laptop and went to my saved pages on building designs and internal designing. 

"Ya I hate that stuff, if I didn't need it for my heart I wouldn't even touch it," she sighed as she sat down and pulled up some schematics for airplanes. 

"You know with Syll it will be healed right?" I said as I looked her way and scrolled down a bit to continue where I left off. 

"Yup I know that's one of the reasons why I'm agreeing to this," Alice replied while I leaned forward to read something. 

Before I could reply Aliandra walked in and gave a dramatic sigh, she dropped her bag by her desk and flopped on her bed groaning, "I hate school and learning, why can't I just download information into my head?" she sighed and rolled over closing her eyes. 

"You can but not right away," I laughed at her dramatic entrance, "you sure you didn't miss your chance to become an actress?" I asked in a teasing voice. 

"Oh be quiet you, no I didn't plus that's boring compared to trying to fix a human using your knowledge and skills," Aliandra replied sounding a bit passionate. 

"Mistress, I'm almost there," I heard Amadia say to me. 

"So you two go over to Amadias I'll be there waiting for you both ok," I said watching my body shrink slightly as my breast filled out. 

Alice looked up at my breast with some hesitation, "Maybe I'll just take the kiss seems a lot faster," she mumbled quietly. 

"Not really cause I would have to push little balls into your mouth over and over, this way," I said pointing to my large tits, "is faster ok," I opened the door and waved at them as I ran to the door and jumped to Amadias balcony landing on it squarely without rolling this time. 

"You're getting much better with the landings now hun," Amadia said to me as she opened her door and kissed me lightly. 

"Ya I am but this Ms. Mathghamhna business is going to get me in deep shit, I just hope she comes over tonight, oh sorry I invited her without asking you but I was just trying to get her out of my hair asap," I said as I walked past her and flopped on the couch, "What am I going to do? This is all happening to fast," I mumbled quietly to myself. 

Amadia looked worried as she walked up and leaned down to kiss me, "Try your best and plan for the worst, it's not going to be easy with how things are, but keep pushing towards what you think is the best outcome, I trust you to make the proper choices," she said giving me a confident and trust filled look that deeply surprised me. 

"Well what we have come about very fast and I'm wondering why? What did you see in me and like about me?" I asked her as I sat up and pulled her into my lap and kissed she lightly, "as for me, I like how nice and caring you were to everyone you meet, also how you tried to make me laugh while I was in here for a few months, how you tried to make me comfy by bringing me some cooked food," I sighed and kissed her again and she listened then looked thoughtful. 

After a moment or two she looked up at me and smiled, "I liked you because even at your lowest you still laughed and where kind, I could see that even after your attack you still wanted to try for a peaceful solution, you always seemed to look at the brighter side of things even when they where bleak, that's an admirable quality that many lack these days," Amadia said as she kissed me hard and bit my neck playfully, she then whispered into my ear, "It helped that you gave me the ability to have children again," she licked my ear and stood up and walked away. 

I smiled and stood, as I got ready to pounce on her the phone rang and she winked as she answered it, "Yes?" she said into the phone, after a few moments she then said seriously, "Send them up immediately," she hung the phone up and turned around and said, "Your roommates are on their way up." 

"Good, I can't wait to see what happens to them, I wonder how they'll change," I said surprised, 

As they walk in escorted by a guard Amadia goes to the door with a lab coat on, I watch from the couch camouflaged by Syll, as the guard leaves and Amadia closes the door, I reveal myself and smiled brightly and said cheerily, "Hey guys ready to join us?" 

Aliandra walked up to me and without any warning kissed me hard and deep, "I've been thinking I don't want to suck it out of you, could you shoot it from your cock instead of cum?" she asked me as she looked nervous and rubbed her thighs together. 

Alice shook her head and sat down watching closely, I noticed her nerves and smiled at her then looked at Aliandra and answered, "Yes I could, but why would you want that?" I asked as well feeling my chest deflate and my balls swell with slime and not cum. 

"Because I want to be stretched and fucked by a monster ok," she answered with a deep lustful gleam in her eyes, then looked at Amadia with a questioning gaze, Amadia simply nodded and we watched as Aliandra quickly stripped herself and sat in my lap, "Come on, bring out the beast please," she asked while giving me a looked the brokered no refusal. 

As she sat there I looked into her eyes and flexed my hardening cock as it quickly rose to press underneath her glistening mound, "Fine but you'll take it all and when you do promise me you won't cry in pain, I've had no time to change your body to take anything big," I said looking worried. 

Aliandra smiled and kissed me hard holding my head between her hands, "Thanks for worrying but it's how I want it," she said determinedly. 

I lifted her with ease and felt her shake, not in fear but with anticipation, my cock bounced and slapped my stomach, she looked down with a predatory smile and reach down to grab the long thick cock that nearly touched my breast, she slid her hand down and shuddered when she realised that it was thicker than her wrist. 

She lined it up then looked at me with an anxious look as I let her down, once she felt the tip touch her she shuddered and ground herself down slowly sinking it in, "I feel stretched out already, I can't wait for the shaft," she all but moaned as my cock head finally slipped into her now non virgin depths. 

As she breathed heavily and slowly started to sink herself down, I asked Syll to modify her as little bit so she could take my cock without tearing. 

I have modified her, but do you also want me to lessen her ability to feel pain as well? 

I smiled and flicked her clit hard watching her wince and moan at the same time. 

*No Syll let her feel pain, I think she enjoys it,* I said noting her response to the sudden nipple pull I did. 

I looked around and noticed Alice was sitting across from us on Amadias lap, Amadia had one hand in her panties gently teasing her wet slit, the other was pulling and tweaking a nipple. 

I looked down and noticed Aliandra had taken nearly half of me, she was shaking hard and squeezing my arms hard and she focused on easing herself down my cock. 

I held her up and let her relax watching her body slowly stop shaking, she looked at me and smiled with a droopy grin, I said to her playfully, "Looks like someone needs a break." 

"No I need you to fuck me, I don't think I can lift myself," she whimpered as I placed her hands on my shoulders and grabbed her hips, before I could start bouncing her we heard a knock at the door. 

"Hello Amadia? I wanted to ask you something," was heard from the door, I smiled and nodded to Amadia as we all slowly unfroze, Aliandra tried to get up but I held her there and pulled a blanket over us, Alice straightened her shirt and skirt blushing hard and looking away from us. 

Amadia jogged to the door and opened it slowly, "Oh, hey Myrna come on in, don't mind the mess," she said looking unsure. 

As Ms. Mathghamhna walked in I waved hello and beckoned her over to me and Aliandra, "Thanks for coming I'm hoping to answer any question but it's not a guarantee," I said as she sat down beside me looking confused as to why Aliandra hadn't moved. 

I smiled and looked at Aliandra and said mischievously, "Your going to have to get used to being shown off," I said watching her confusion deepened until I pulled the blanket off revealing her nudity to Myrna. 

I heard a gasp beside me as I looked over and saw her stare in shock at my cock leaving a noticeable outline in Aliandras stomach, I soon felt hands pressing on my cock which made her moan as it moved. 

"How is that possible she should be in pain with it that deep, but instead looks ready to come," I laughed as Aliandra blushed deeply, I flexed my cock making her moan and myrna pulled her hand back quickly in shock. 

"I had Syll modify her womb entrance a bit so I can slip into her, plus she loves it thick and long. She's a size queen," I said as I lifted her and slammed her down, she screamed in pain and pleasure as I felt my thighs and balls suddenly get wet. 

"See, she cums so easily with this," I said smiling at Myrna, paying careful attention to her I noticed her excitement but also her fear, I then reached out and held my hand out, "Hold my hand and let Syll explore your body ok, she'll find everything done to you." 

I watched as Myrna reached out slowly with a shaky hand, as I felt it slide into my hand I also saw Amadia grab Aliandra by her hips and slowly rise and lower her rhythmically, I felt myself grow tense with a massive orgasm containing parts of Syll and cum. 

I heard Myrna gasp as Syll entered her hand and explore her blood and tissues, I watched in morbid fascination as a small line moved around her arm slowly making its way to her chest, she looked up at me in fear and said, "Please don't hurt me." 

I said soothingly, "It's ok she won't hurt you, she's just exploring and gathering information," I grunted as I thrust upwards into Aliandra as Amadia slammed her down and shoved two fingers into me, I came hard and watched in excitement as her womb and belly expanded to look like she was 6 months pregnant. 

As we both laid together she was panting heavily but I barely felt out of breath, we both jumped slightly as we heard a loud shocked moan. 

Amadia helped Aliadra to the couch while I was still on the love seat beside Myrna, I watched as she took off her shirt and bra, then I saw Sylls snake like form under her skin moving around very slowly around her breast, I then turned as Alice walked closer and said, "I'll wait till you're done with her, I can still make a choice," she said looking at my flaccid cock with a mix of fear and excitement. 

"ok, I understand, also Myrna you ok?" I asked her as her breathing turned shallow and painful. 

"I don't know, it feels weird, sometimes it hurts other times it doesn't," Myrna said while poking the bump that was Syll. 

The lump moved without pause and slowed down and nearly stopped moving, it was circling the patch is snake like skin that was grafted onto her stomach. 

After a brief pause it slid further down and I jumped and Myrna moaned loudly and grabbed the back of the couch as she suddenly squirted and flooded her pants. 

I watched as Sylls remnant slid from her pants and slowly fused to me, my eyes fluttered as information suddenly flooded my mind and I knew exactly what had happened to Myrna. 

"Myrna you ok?" I asked her as I rested my hand on her shoulder, gently nudging her to respond, she looked at me and nodded her head slowly, I sat back and waited till she recovered. 

After a few minutes she sat up and looked at me and asked, "Well what's the verdict?" 

I looked at her and frowned, "Well first you're DNA was altered, you're now about 64 percent human and 36 percent reptiles, more serpentine than anything else, second normally human women have a set amount of eggs and you, you have less than 20 left, from the changes Syll found and where the alterations were focused, I believe you were used as breeding stock." 

She sat and listened to everything I said and when I finished she sighed heavily and leaned back looking defeated, after a few moments she looked at me and smiled weakly and said, "Thanks for telling me and helping me, I just wished I knew what did this and why, why me?" she pulled her legs up to her chin and started to cry heavily, I leaned forward and pulled her into my chest where she hugged me fiercely and sobbed louder. 

Alissa I believe they chose her because her DNA is easy to manipulate and change, instead of the normal breeding method humans use I believe they extracted the eggs from her modified womb. Syll informed me. 

I pulled Myrna back and looked into her red puffy eyes and told her what Syll told me. 

She started to shake her head lightly then slowly shook it violently until I pulled her back into my chest just before she started to scream in pain and anger at what was done to her in her childhood. 

After an hour of intense emotions I had her asleep on my lap curled around me, Amadia, Alice and Aliandra where talking quietly in the kitchen giving Myrna looks of pity and sadness, I turned to her and lifted her up gently and brought her to Amadias room where I tucked her in gently and made sure she was asleep. 

As I walked out and towards the girls gathered in the kitchen their conversation died, "So Alissa what will you do now?" Amadia asked me. 

"I don't know, I might just help her go back to normal or even see if she wants to be a part of this," I said as I held out my hands towards the girls. 

"If she doesn't?" Alice asked me looking slightly nervous. 

"Then I might just help her forget what happened and help her live a more normal life if possible," I replied as I looked at Alice and lifted my breast, "Shall we finish? You never got your portion done." 

"Ok but could you make it go fast? I don't want to keep sucking for so long," Alice mumbled looking nervous. 

I smirked and lifted her onto the counter and kissed her lightly, "I can do it real fast like this," I teased her as I licked my way down her shirt to her hips where I lifted her skirt and slowly moved forward toward her damp center. 

As Alice spread her legs and leaned back slightly, I looked up and let my long thick tongue snake out to it's full length of ten inches, I noticed her look of shock and smelled her excitement increase even more. 

I pressed my hands to her thighs and gently rubbed them as I lined up my tongue to her pussy and pushed gently but insistently into her soft folds, I felt her shiver and heard her moan lightly. 

As I got my tongue to the halfway mark I started to flood her pussy with her portion of Syll, I heard Alice gasped as her pussy clenched my tongue rhythmically, her thighs squeezed my head and her ankles locked behind my head keeping me there as I flooded her depths constantly. 
