 All three girls gasped in shock and stared spellbound, "well how do you like my surprise?" I asked knowing their answers by the near instantaneous smell of arousal. 

"I can't want to feel those in me, please tell me you plan to fuck both my holes at once?" Aliandra practically begged me with her eyes and shaking hips. 

"Not tonight at least," I replied as I walked on my knees closer to them, I then tapped Amadias thighs and said, "You crawl up, Alice lay chest to chest on Aliandra, I plan to fuck both of you now," I made my top cock shrink to Alice's preferred size, then enlarged the bottom one more for Aliandras pleasure. 

As they moved Alice gave me a grateful look and climbed atop of Ally, I then crawled forward and lined up my bottom cock first making it enter Ally slowly, as I got a few inches in I lined up my second cock and pushed both in hard and steady, "Their we go, nice and perfect, I wonder if I should go hard and fast or slow and steady," I looked at Amadia and smiled. 

She responded with a deep purr as she grabbed both of them by the head and made her look at them, "Considering how horny they are, a good rough fuck should do it," she leaned over and kissed me as I started to fuck them. 

"God you're so fucking huge!" Aliandra moaned out as she hugged Alice and wrapped her legs around my hips. 

"And thick she's so damn thick," Alice groaned out and leaned down to kiss Ally hard and deep, she pulled her knees in and used some leverage to slam back into me and matched my every thrust. 

Amadia pulled back from the kiss and slid her hand down my back to slip her fingers into my pussy, I flinched and made both impaled girls moan put loudly, "Oh mistress, I shouldn't love this as much as I do, but I love seeing you dominate other girls," she finished by kissing me again and fingering me faster. 

I moaned loudly then jilted myself in both girls, "Think you two could do me a small favor and make this slut cum for me?" I said breathlessly as I pushed Amadia down beside them, Aliandra reached over immediately and pulled her closer and kissed her hard, Alice reached down and pushed two fingers into her and started to fuck her hard with them. 

I grabbed Alice's hips and sped up, I grinned as I thought of something fun, I pushed myself into then fully then slowly had the cocks grow larger, as this happened I noticed my chest deflate as my ass did, knowing that this was needed to fuel the change. 

Alice stopped moving and groaned loudly, "Too big please stop," I only smiled in sadistic joy. 

Aliandra groaned loudly as I felt her pussy convulse and squeeze my growing cock, "Oh fuck please start fucking me with that monster cock, please," the last word ended in a moan. 

I pulled back and watched as both their pussies were pulled along with my cocks, Alice looked at me as Aliandra and Amadia where kissing, I could see it in her eyes, the fear mixed with anticipation, she didn't want this but was enjoying it nonetheless. 

I smiled at her as I slammed into her, I heard her moan out in pain and pleasure as I felt her cum hard, Aliandra screamed into Amadias mouth as she came again, I started a slow pull and fast push rhythm making them cum nearly constantly, after a few minutes Alice tried to pull herself off me, but I grabbed her hips and pulled her back as I slammed into them and moaned loudly as I came inside them, flooding their wombs with so much cum that their bellies put a few inches of space between them. 

As I pulled out some of my cum started to flow out of Alice, Amadia nearly pushed me down getting past me as her lips sealed on Alice's pussy and licked it clean, after a few moments she switched to Aliandra and did the same, I helped Alice down and kissed her head, "Sorry for giving you a monster cock, I just wanted you to experience it," I said without any remorse. 

"At first I hated it but after a few thrusts I couldn't help but loving it, now I know why Ally loves big cocks," she blushed and hid her face into my neck, after a few seconds I felt her tongue on my neck, then her teeth as she bit me playfully, "Use it again but warn me next time ok," she whispered into my ear, I looked over and saw that Amadia and Aliandra where cuddling and nearly asleep, I decided to cuddle Alice as I slept. 

I woke up to the smell of food and the warm wet sensation around my cock, I looked down and spotted Alice gently sucking away on my cock, at some point last night my second one slipped into my body, my ass and chest where fully grown again, I flinched when Alice liked my cock head then she noticed I was awake and started to go faster while going deeper, after some effort she managed to take my whole length before pulling out and coughing, her spit kept my cock and her lips connected, then she enveloped it again this time I noticed something in her neck moved. 

She put her hand to the side of her neck and revealed what looked like gills, I watched as I felt her breath with them and shook my head as she hilted herself and purred around my cock. 

I grabbed her hair and kept my cock sheathed in her throat as I stood up, I then used the new leverage to fuck her throat and face hard, I could smell her arousal and noticed she was fingering herself, I smirked as I reached over and hooked my fingers into her ass and fingered it gently, as my finger slipped in I heard her moan and close her eyes as she came, seeing her cum pushed me over the edge and I flooded her stomach with my cum, as I pulled out I rubbed my spit covered cock on her face making her moan out a bit more, I then leaned down and whispered, "Amadias my breeding whore, Aliandra my giant cock worshiper, and you are my dirty whore aren't you? You love being covered and made dirty don't you?" I asked her while standing over her in a dominant manner. 

She moaned and looked up pitifully, "Yes I am your dirty whore, but only because I know you so well, and because I know you won't hurt me but just defile me," she said as she stood up and stared at me with a mix of cum and spit dripping down her face. 

"Go shower and get ready, maybe later I'll give you something else to make you dirty," I giggled as I walked out. Soon she also walked out going to the bathroom. 

Amadia saw me and smiled, "Did you enjoy your wake up call?" she asked me as she handed me a plate of pancakes. 

"Yes very much so, and tonight I'll be busy, I can't come over, also after them that I'll nudge you guys and see if you can meet me in the woods after Myrna's chat with the geology teacher, I want to start on the safe haven ASAP," I said as I started to eat. 

"I know and maybe if things go well we can set up some rooms like medical ward, mechanical room and other such things as we grow," Aliandra said to me while also eating. 

"So it should turn into some kind of facility then right? What would be our focus?" I asked them as Alice came out. 

"Hey Alice what do you think our groups focus should be? I'm thinking tech advancement or medical advancement, what about you?" Aliandra asked Alice. 

"Both of those are good but why not human advancement as a species? We all know they could use it considering how the world's going right now," Alice said as she walked over to the food and made herself a plate. 

"Considering what kind of things were doing, we will end up making powerful enemies who would want to keep us secret or take our funding and make a profit, or people who are scared and try to destroy us," Amadia said as she finished her food. 

I stood with my now empty plate and walked to the sink, I started to rinse everyone's plates, as they brought them. 

"So I'll head over to our room, Amadia what's the usual procedure with overnight patients?" I asked her as I finished the dishes. 

"Well, their escorted to their room then to class and the security explains why they were late, then the teachers may or may not call me depending on if they want to know to watch out for anything if I gave meds," she replied from her room as she was dressing. 

As I dried my hands I looked to Alice and Aliandra, "Guessing you two are getting escorts, I'm going to jump ahead, ok?" 

"Sure, I don't mind pretending to be sick," Alice said jokingly, then stopped, "But I will have to pretend I have a heart problem now," she looked at me and smiled, "I'm happy it's gone now, thanks for that Alissa," she blushed a bit as she walked in the room to collect her clothes. 

Aliandra came up behind me and hugged me tight, "Thanks for giving the best cock ever, and you being a good friend is good to, plus now I'm a cat girl so I can explore new things I've only dreamed of so again thanks a lot Alissa." she finished by kissing me soundly then went and started to put on her shoes. 

I went and kissed Amadia then whispered into her ear, "At lunch I expect to find you hungry for my cum," I smirked and ran to the balcony and jumped, I landed squarely on my balcony, I went in and got dressed for school. 

As I was taking the stairs down I saw Harriet talking to Janice and Marion, I smiled and nodded, Harriet noticed me and smiled, I mouthed the words "good slut" to her and watched her blush slightly, the two girls with her looked around trying to spot the person who made Harriet blush, thankfully they didn't notice me. 

I walked to the buffet counter and smiled at the waitress, "Hey can I get three boxes please?" I asked her as I pointed to the food I wanted. 

"Sure, but I'm curious as to why you have been taking three boxes every morning and lunch?" she asked giving me a strange look. 

I giggled a bit and blushed, "I've asked the nurse why, she found nothing wrong but thinks I'm going through a growth spurt," I blushed and looked down, I pressed my arms to my bust making it quite obvious as to where I was growing.  

"Oh ok, I thought maybe you found someone and where eating with them or something." she handed me the food and smiled, "Have a good day and good luck in your courses." 

I smiled and left quickly to go sit in class, as I waited, I started to think about things, like what would our hideout need, so I asked Syll for any ideas, *Hey Syll I'm curious is there a way for you to survive without a host? Like atmosphere and such?* I looked up as more and more students entered. 

*I could, but I would require a room with an atmosphere comprised of nitrogen, hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, and oxygen, so this way my liquid form doesn't evaporate in the open* Syll said to me as I was writing down the teachers presentation. 

*Okay that should be simple to prepare, just have to order them then try and set up some kind of circulation for the atmosphere, to be freshened, maybe a few other rooms for certain things,* I thought to Syll and myself.  

"Alissa, the principal has just called for you, please go now," the teacher said looking surprised that I was called. 

"Okay, did she say why she wanted me?" I asked as I packed my bag, the teacher shook her head and continued the presentation as I left. 

*Hey Amadia do you know why I'm being called to the office?* I asked her as I was walking to the elevator. 

*No I don't, should I call her or wait for you to ask for help?* she asked me as I was going up. 

*Wait then, it'll be fine, I should be able to handle everything pretty well,* I responded as I walked up to the secretary and said, "I was called here from class, do I walk in?" I asked her. 

"Yes just enter and sit down," she said to me, I turned and entered the office and spotted Myrna sitting down looking annoyed as another Male teacher was sitting down beside her looking cautious. 

"As I've said I'm very concerned about Ms. Mathghamhna inquiries about stability and tunneling and value about the nearby mountains, and for the silly reason of 'making a secret hideout like place' for her and whatever reason she wants to make one," Mr. Lahti said as he shook his head. 

"Okay, I can see some reasoning there Mr. Lahti, now Ms. Mathghamhna now that Alissa has arrived would you like to explain it?" Ms. Schmidt said giving me a pointed look. 

"Well Ms. Chapleau here asked me if it was possible to dig out the mountains, she didn't think it was possible, I know that is was and I went to ask Matthew here because it was nagging me as well," Myrna said while mouthing 'sorry' to me. 

"Oh ummm" I looked at all three then blushed deeply as I looked down, "When I was younger, I had a small hidden cave like hole behind my house, whenever there was trouble or I was upset I'd go their, so I was wondering if it's possible to make one out here, not a large cave but something small that I could fit in, seeing as their only five minutes away by foot, I wanted to make one," I said, revealing a small embarrassing fact about my childhood. 

"I see and you told Ms. Mathghamhna this hoping she might know a spot or how to make one correct?" Ms. Schmidt asked me giving me a very pointed look then one to my crotch, then back up to my eyes. 

"Yes, I didn't know who to ask, so I asked her having heard about her from my roommate Alice," I lied hoping that this wouldn't backfire. 

"I see and Mr. Lahti can you tell them the answer for such a reason or do you believe them to have an ulterior motive?" she asked him. 

He looked at her and said with annoyance, "Maybe and no I won't tell them that, if they can't search and find their own answers why should I give them the answers? Maybe if they did it while I was around and I saw the finished product I would teach them." he said sounding adamant about his decision. 

"I see I understand and won't push this, but next time don't pull me into such a simple argument, I have a school to run, things to order and events to organize, next time keep it to yourself, is that understood," she said to both Myrna and Matthew giving them both an annoyed glare of irritation. 

As they got up I moved out of their way, Myrna gave me an apologetic look, Matthew gave me a judgemental glare, and left, I turned to Ms. Schmidt and said, "May I ask you something?" she looked up and nodded her head, "I am hoping to create some kind of base for future projects and studies, the kind of stuff that me and Syll can create would revolutionize the world, but if I was taken, it could also destroy the world, I'm guessing you've been aware of this right?" I asked her the last part. 

"Yes I do know, I have been speaking to Amadia lately, I know your hoping for and planning for, I could help you out by giving you an area to start with but I feel like it would be a one sided deal, tell me what you can offer me in return?" she said to me as she sat back and pulled out a small booklet from her desk and opened it. 

"What do you want? If it's technology, give us some time and it'll be made, if it's physical and you agree to it I could give you a part of Syll and it'll be done within human genetic limits," I responded while nervously rubbing my hands behind my back, dealing with Berjit has always made me nervous but I don't know why. 

"Oh I know about the physical changes you can do to people, I'm interested in something different, I'm hoping you can find something for me, no one can nor can some of my friends, I'm thinking you could thou, how bout it, you retrieve something for me, I give you a place and some funding for a year or two, just to get you on your feet," she countered and gave me the book. 

My mouth fell open as I looked at her, "Where the hell did this come from? Please tell me this is some kind of joke right? There's no way you're part of some sort of secret organization!" I said in shock, I looked at the book and noticed it was coordinates and a detailed description of some kind of device. 

"I'm not joking or kidding here Alissa, I'm already taking steps you keep you and you're alien secret friend you have inside you and others, if you hadn't met that alien you wouldn't be here right? Instead we would be arresting Harriet and her mom and sending your mom something, so will you help me out? And gain a base? Or choose not to and try to build it with no assistance? Wonder how you'll afford anything when you have no way to make money?" she explained and asked me. 

"I was going to make a "youth" type med made from a downgraded version of Syll, it would have sold pretty well if I could get a few people to show the results, Amadia would have been the person to discover it, and all those funds would have been put into the base, as for building it, Syll could help with that, I'd just need to find a few animals and or people to volunteer their time, and I figured I would get some trouble from organizations, I wasn't expecting you to be part of one honestly, now that caught me off guard," I finished as I sit down and hand her the book back having memorized it already. 

She looks a bit surprised as she responds "I see that would have been a hit, what side effects would there have been? Also, now that you know my position I hope you keep it secret ok, also if you do decide to do this just text me, Amadia has my private number," she told me as she calmed down and pulled out her keyboard and started to type away, then she looked at me and gave me a dangerous look, "Do not tell anyone about this conversation, if you do their be consequences," she finished as she shooed me away. 

I stood up and started to leave, before leaving I looked back, "I won't cause I have plans and me disappearing will screw it all up, have a good day Ms. Schmidt," I finished as I closed the door and turned around. 

*Syll convert some more mice and watch her at all times, I need to know everything ok, she scares me and turns me on, I want to convert her to our side, understood?* I thought to Syll as I walked to class, as I entered the teacher looked at me gestured to sit down. 

"I was notified why you where late, just open the page from yesterday and work till page 276 ok?" she said to me as she started to talk about the page the class was currently on. 

Startled by Amadias sudden voice I jumped a little, *Hey I heard what Berjit said to you, Syll told everyone I think, I'm just as shocked as you, but don't worry we won't tell anyone, hopefully I can talk to her later about it so just relax I can tell you're nervous but there's no need to be ok,* Amadia thought to me as I was in class. 

"Everything ok Alissa?" the teacher asked me. 

"Hmm oh yes I just dropped something by accident on my lap, sorry about that," I said to her as I thought to Amadia, *Hey next time you're going to say something please warn me, that was loud,* I sent a giggle to her as I continued reading and working. 

*Sorry about that, but still I'm heading to her office now, I'll take the brunt of it ok, I know how to calm her down,* Amadia said to me, I had a feeling that she was blushing for some reason. 

*Is there something I should know about you two?* I asked while sending her thoughts of Berjit bending Amadia over and spanking her. 

*Yup that's what she does, she's very dominant like you, I still remember how we met,* I felt her laugh as she sighed and continued, *Ten years ago we met at a convention, we hit it off fairly well, I found out that she was the vice principle for here, she found out I was a doctor and heard of my work from some friends, my thesis on scars affecting pregnancy and impregnation where well known, we exchanged numbers and started to meet up, at that point she was in the final years of her marriage, she was having some trouble so after a few drinks I told her to vent, well let's just say for the next few years until the divorce I was having trouble sitting and walking,* she sighed as I could feel her fondness as the memories. 
