 Chapter 3

"What the hell?" Alice exclaimed seeing Amadia kiss me. "First you make the bitch brigade look like they've seen a ghost and now you're frenching the nurse! What next you grow wings and fly with pigs?" Alice looked shocked as she sat down in a nearby chair.

"I knew you had something for the nurse but, damn Alissa, I never would have thought you could act on it." it was Aliandra this time, chipping in as she sat beside Alice.

"What are you girls doing here?" Amadia replied with an annoyed tone.

Before she could say anything else, I grabbed her arm lightly and pulled her down slightly.

"It's ok. I asked them here. I want to show them as well. They are my friends and they deserve to know," I said standing slowly and walking towards them.

"Okay I'm going to tell you the short story. Harriet and her shadows found me after school, stripped me and walked me out to the woods about 30 minutes from here. Once in the woods they bashed my head with a rock. I would have died if it wasn't for syll," I explained. I held out my hand. A small blob raised from my hand and cutely waved at the watching women. "Syll saved my life and made me stronger and faster, but in return I need to learn everything I possibly can and help find a way to get more and more knowledge," I continued sitting down next to Amadia again and waiting for a response.

"Sooooo, you're now venom?" Alice said and tilted her head to the side.

"No, that little slime thing was too cute to be that, maybe Flubber though," Aliandra said while standing and lightly pushing my head down looking for any signs of a scar. "Odd, no matter how good a healing is there should be a scar." She looked at Amadia then back to me. "At least you got your dream girl."

Aliandra playfully punched my shoulder, making me laugh.

"That I did." I replied giving Amadia a kind look.

"Should I still explain what I found?" she asked me.

I nodded, curious as to what it was.

"First of all, you're no longer one hundred percent human. Syll as you call it has fused to everything, even your DNA which is now triple helix. You have the potential for ANYTHING, and I hope you push those limits." She sat down and pulled out a chart. "This right now is your muscle mass in general," she points to a number and chart, "It's over twice the density of that of a normal person."

"Your skin is triple the normal thickness and your nerves are covered by a small thin layer of slime which helps to hinder the feelings of pain, heat, cold and so much more. I guess it also increases your sensitivity to many more things, mainly positive things. Now, I really can't get much more without you having the x-ray and MRI. I've booted them up. Would you like to do the MRI first?" she asked as I finished my third lunch box.

I have gathered enough material and fuel to start on your transformation into what your mate called 'futanari' if you would like to start while doing her test.

 

I perked up at the voice in my head and smiled at Amadia. "Let's do the MRI first and keep it going. Syll will lessen my muscles and re-strengthen them again, while also growing a certain something." I winked suggestively at Amadia and noticed her blush in response.

"Okay then hop on," she replied going to the MRI in another room and turning it on while pulling the bed out.

I followed her, casually stripped and then lay down on the platform. Gently she pushed me back inside the machine.

"It'll be a bit loud but nothing too bad," came Amadia's voice, fading away as she walked back to the computer and starts the machine.

As I lay there, I noticed the girls walk up to her and start to chat a bit. I felt my ears twitch and my ear drums shake a bit. Then the surprise hit. I noticed that I could hear them clearly, while the drone of the MRI was now barely audible to me.

Syll what did you do?

I've made your ears able to tune into certain things for easier focus.

Ah ok, thank you, but why?

 

Because you wanted to know what they were saying.

 

That's true, thank you again.

 

I turned my attention to the women and concentrated on their conversation.

"Geez look at her body and what's that forming around her pelvis?" I heard Aliandra say to Amadia.

"Hmmm, can't tell just yet, still forming. You were right though, her muscles, her bones, her organs, EVERYTHING is altered. Altered but in a good way though. Look at her brain it's much more active. Her heart it a bit thicker than normal but it's beating much stronger. Her bones are denser. Her joints are smoother. Even her skin seems to tougher. This could change the face of medicine as we know it." It was Amadia providing the narrative as she watched the computer screen. There was no disguising her excitement, words coming out faster than normal.

"Looks cool and all, but still that thing between her legs is starting to look very familiar," Alice replied, leaning back and watching.

"I wish this was all mechanical, I'm not too good with humans and bodies," Aliandra chimed in. "I know I'm studying medicine, but I feel like everything I've learnt has been thrown out of the window," she laughed nervously.

"Hey, Amadia, how long till it's done?" I finally piped up, having listened in to their conversation and wondered what it all meant.

"Oh, about 3 minutes," she replied. She glanced at the MRI then called out to Alice. "You're right, it is a cock!"

I noticed Amadia's glance and the tiniest signs of excitement.

"If what I'm seeing is right, she's made a damn battering ram," she continued nervously.

"Yah, it's quite nice," sighed Aliandra in a barely audible whisper.

As the machine's drone faded to nothing, I felt myself being pulled out from inside. I sat up, stretched a bit, then looked down at my new cock. A wide smile covered my face.

"Wow, it's uncut, smooth and looks so natural." I looked closer and noticed two little bumps to the side and underneath it. I couldn't resist but have a quick poke at them. Something moved around inside. "I think I also have balls but it's not a sac like normal," I uttered looking shocked.

"Wait, you can produce sperm?" Amadia asked, looking just as shocked. She rushed out, before returning with a small bottle. "Let's test it to see what it is like." She stopped and glanced over at the girls. A torn expression covered her face. "Would you like to be alone? Or have help?" she whispered to me, out of earshot of the others.

"Well I know I can have kids. Syll just explained that they are real. Also, that they are like that so they don't get in the way of my vagina. Apparently, they are larger than normal and able to produce a lot." I explained, standing up and looking at the girls before continuing. "Mind if we get some privacy?" I asked, noticing Aliandra staring at my cock while biting her lip. Alice on the other hand just looked a bit scared.

"Yup, that's fine," replied Alice. She grabbed Aliandra and led her out. Aliandra had that sad look on her face, the one which asked why she couldn't watch.

Once they had left and the door had been closed, I walked up to Amadia and kissed her hard. "I want you to be my first, ok?" I said to her, as I lifted her up and carried her to a comfy chair. Gently I lowered her down. I started to slowly rub her stomach, working my way up to her chest. She squealed when finally, I pulled her up again.

"I'm not going to get used to that," she sighed as I continued to tease her stomach. "That's sweet of you mistress but I want to get that in me and your cum in here," she said pointing to her pussy and then the beaker.

"Fine then," I said, pulling her top and bra off in one go. I followed with her skirt and panties. Turning her around, I bent her naked body over the chair and rubbed my hardening cock against her pussy. "Well, how badly do you want it?" I asked her.

Still surprised at the speed that she had been stripped and bent over the chair, she soon started to shake her butt side to side, forwards and back trying to get me in.

"Real bad, mistress. Please fuck my pussy. It needs your new cock so badly," she replied panting lightly.

I lined myself up and slowly pushed in, shuddering and twitching violently as I went.

"Holy shit, no wonder guys are always horny, this feels amazing," I said to myself as I thrust hard and deep. I felt myself hit something and she flinched, moaning both in pain and pleasure.

"I didn't think you'd go this deep," she said, looking back at me. "Be careful, you can hurt me if you're not careful, but fuck me hard. I want to feel you bang on my cervix." She flexed her muscles to squeeze my new cock.

I shuddered, nearly falling to my knees. I started to pull out before pushing back in, my pace being slow and measured, unsure quite how to use my new appendage.

"You're so tight and warm, do all girls feel like this?" I asked as I slammed in hard and saw her flinch. "S ... so ... sorry, still learning," I whimpered as I started to speed up. I felt something building inside of me and with every thrust the feeling grew, bigger and bigger. Out of nowhere I heard syll's voice inside.

I will put a small amount of myself within her this time, please ask if she wants it.

 

"Amadia, my slut, can syll put some portion of her in you so we can be connected? It'll make you healthier and strooaaaaahhhh." I pushed in deep and exploded inside her, feeling her squeeze me for everything she was worth. After three long heavy spurts I pulled out and aimed at the beaker beneath us. Two more spurts and it was filled it up completely. A third, small shot splashed cum everywhere.

"Mistress please let me finger myself. I'm so close," she begged me.

I looked down and saw I was still hard, so I aimed forward and started to fuck her hard and fast, slipping out a few times as I got used to the motion. Before long I was getting into it again and, as soon as I felt her legs tremble, I grabbed her hips and started to go deeper. I felt her ripple around my cock as she squealed and came hard. I kept her still as her body flexed and convulsed around me. Once she stopped, I pulled out and helped her to sit.

"Is that normal?" I asked, rubbing her slightly rounded stomach,

"Whoa?" she looked down and stared in awe. "You actually came so much you made me look a few months pregnant, wow!" She shuddered and gave a deep sigh, then relaxed in the chair. "Yes, if it means being closer to you, I'll take part of syll."

I smiled and leaned down feeling a ball form on my tongue. As I kissed her, I pushed it into her throat and felt it sink into her flesh.

"There, give it an hour or so syll said," I told her as I handed her the beaker that was overflowing with my cum.

"That's more then what I needed," she giggled as she held it up.

Trying to stand, she suddenly cupped her pussy and, with an embarrassed look, shot off to the washroom. I looked around and found a towel. Using it, I started to clean myself and then the floor. As I touched my sensitive tip, I flinched at the feeling. I dressed and waited. Amadia came back, still looking embarrassed.

"I can still feel quite a bit in my womb. You really did flood me. Too bad it won't really do anything," she sighed sadly as she finished the last part of her sentence.

"That could change if syll can heal you," I told her and smiled as she looked up and beamed me a smile of pure gratitude. She bounded over to me and hugged me hard, with all her strength managing to lift me up.

"If she does, we're having kids. Okay? I've been wanting some for a very long time," she said, before kissing me.

"I ... I ... I might not be ready to have kids. I couldn't even help you or anything like that," I replied, shocked at her commanding voice.

"Don't worry I have a lot saved up and they won't fire me, so I can continue to work here. They won't mind if I have a kid with me, other teachers do and there are some programs to help with kids. The dean is very friendly and understanding about such things, but I highly doubt she'll believe that you're the father."

She kissed me again before turning her attention to the cum-filled beaker. She poured some into a smaller one, until it was half full, before putting the original beaker on the desk in the side office of the MRI viewing room. I watched as she drank from the smaller one. Her eyes lit up in surprise.

"Dear lord, this is good. It's sweet like fruit."

She smiled and downed the rest before getting dressed. Picking up the remaining cum-filled beaker, we walked to her office. She put it down on the table. The girls glanced up, noticing our glow.

"Well, that was fast Alissa," Alice teased me. She smirked before eating some of her lunch.

"Amadia, how was it taking that monster?" Aliandra asks Amadia.

Amadia in return just looked up and smiled brightly. "Best damn fuck I have in a long time."

She turned and started to run tests on my remaining semen.

Aliandra gave me a heated look and stood up. "I'm going to go and wait for class to start soon," she said, before leaving and closing the door.

"I'll go too. We should talk when we get back to the dorm, ok? I'd like to know more about this thing that's happening," Alice said. She smiled as she spoke, but I couldn't help but notice the hint of uncertainty in her eyes.

"It's ok Alice, this isn't going to go wrong, I promise," I said to her as I hugged her gently. I whispered "don't worry I'm not going to change who I am."

"I hope so, this is big and it's literally changing who you are physically. I just hope I don't lose my kind compassionate friend who helped me through so much." She stuttered as she spoke, a tear rolling down her cheek.

"You never will, I promise you that!" I said with utter certainty.

"I don't know. You've grown a cock, you're fucking the nurse and you scared the bitch brigade. Those are some big things all within 24 hours." She looked me in the eyes, then down at my crotch, before stepping back. "I do hope you don't change who you are," she said as the door closed.

I took a deep breath and sighed, fighting back my own tears. I felt Amadia's arms around my waist, then a light kiss on my temple.

"Don't worry Alissa, I've known you since you've been here. You haven't changed, and I believe you won't. I just hope you don't let this all go to your head. I understand her fears. I'm still hesitant about what we are, but so long as you stay true to yourself, I'll be by your side."

As I listened to this I started to cry more. I turned and hugged Amadia close, staining her shoulder with my tears.

"I've received something amazing, and yet everyone I know and care about thinks I'm going to have a drastic change of who I am. I'm not and I won't let myself be changed like that." I replied with confidence but inside I silently pleaded to syll.

Please don't ever change who I am ok. If you do, I will do my best to get rid of you or something.

A reply came back immediately.

Whatever changes happen to your mind are not caused by me but yourself. As for your body, I will do what I said I would do, and I hope you uphold your end of the deal.

I will, so long as I stay myself.

 

After a few seconds of hearing nothing from her, I pulled back and wiped my tears away.

"Don't worry, things will always work out for the best," I answered as I grabbed my stuff and headed out to my next class.

The rest of the classes were slow, but this time I felt like I was learning much more than I should have been. Reading books had become faster and simpler. As the bell rang, signaling the end of the day, I went to the cafeteria and started to eat supper. I was on my fourth plate when the girls came in.

"Hey Alissa, how was the rest of class?" Aliandra asked me as I finished eating.

"Pretty good, same as before but this time I learned so much more. It's like syll is some sort of computer that stores everything for me. I can't wait for tests. I'll help you girls to study as well," I said getting up, as they sat down, to get more food.

After gathering another full plate, I turned around and felt someone try to trip me. I nearly fell down, i was tipped over and should have fallen on my face, I stood on one leg and managed to hold myself up for a few seconds, just long enough to get my other foot on the ground.

"Oh, sorry didn't see you there," Harriet said, giving me a look of shock. "How did you not fall? You just stopped moving."

I smirked and gave her an innocent looking smile.

"Dance, years of perfecting my balance, so I don't fall as much, but doesn't really help when I'm pushed," I replied, giving her a pointed look before continuing to my table.

"Why does she have such a hate boner for you? I'll never understand that girl," Alice said, shaking her head and continuing to eat.

"I knew it the first day she saw you. She was on your ass hard. Hell, she nearly killed you too and put you in the infirmary for a few weeks. I'm still shocked she didn't get punished for that," Aliandra said, after swallowing some of the salad she had eaten.

"No punishment for the VP's daughter," I said while giving them a thoughtful look. "I could find out why she is like this to me now, but I don't want to destroy her mind, make her suffer sure, but not destroy her mind."

Alice gave me a pensive stare. "Is that you talking, or the goo?"

"That's me talking. Syll has no emotions and is confused as to the thought of revenge. Plus, I've been thinking about many things I could do to her and bring her down a few pegs. Now I could even break her and make it so she's no longer such a bitch," I said thinking to myself about all sorts of possible things. "Would forcing myself on her be too much? Even though she's done worse things to me, I still feel hesitant about that." I looked down and slowly ate.

"That's good, I don't want you to become like some comic book villain," she said, giving me an anxious look.

"Alice don't worry, I won't change who I am, but I will become more confident and open to who I am. I find having syll with me very liberating."

I smiled as I continued to eat, my next thoughts inaudible to those around me.

Syll is there some way I can spy on Harriet without being seen? You know, like being invisible or something like that?

 

I could make you match the surrounding environment, but not invisible. I could also control a small creature like a mouse or rat and use them to gather information. 

 

As syll spoke back to me, I could feel her in my head searching for some information.

Yes, it is possible, but we will have to find them.

Images filled my head as syll showed me catching creatures and her invading them by moving into their ears and taking complete control.

I thought you couldn't control the minds of things?

 

I can control simple creatures like that. Humans are different though. Their minds are strong and powerful. Taking control would destroy them.

 

It feels like the stronger their will is, the less you can control them.

 

I smiled, digesting that secret conversation before turning to the others.
