 Vulcura laughed. It was a wicked sound that echoed across the stone antechamber. Myra held her sword and shield tightly. Her arms, legs, and back were criss-crossed with burns and cuts, but the pain only fueled her fight. 

"Foolish hero!" The enchantress chided. "You cannot possibly hope to best me here, in my home, where my magick is at its most powerful." Her hands began to emit green smoke. Myra readied her shield as magnificent clouds of jade and mulberry and cyan floated from her fingertips and began to fill the chamber. But as she guarded herself against the mysterious smoke, she felt something snake around her leg. Myra was pulled off her feet, flung back onto the cold floor. Her sword spun from her grip, but she managed to keep her shield. 

She looked down, and saw a rope coiling around her legs. Another enchanted rope launched itself at her hand. Myra tried to tear herself away, but the cursed thing only wrapped more tightly around her wrist and thighs. She screamed, primal and full of rage. It only made Vulcura laugh harder. 

"Silly girl. Didn't anyone ever tell you about misdirection?" She whispered a few words and whistled. The clouds disappeared. "You hero types are so easily fooled." 

"Foul witch!" Myra spat. Another rope found her shield. She tried desperately to hold on, but it was no use. The shield was dragged away, leaving her completely defenseless. 

"Oh, what a mouth this one has!" Vulcura grinned, now striding across the room, her skirts flowing around her unnaturally. Enchantresses had an annoying flare for the dramatic. "You knights talk a mean game, but once your toys are taken away, you're little kittens." A final rope latched on to her free hand. They stretched her taut across the flagstones, though she pulled against them with all her strength. 

"Well, this certainly has been fun, Lady..." Vulcura paused. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name." 

"It's Myra, you loathsome creature! And I swear upon the Holy Mother I will end you-" 

"Oh, please, no speeches, dear. I'm exhausted from our little bout and very much want to lie down. Let's end this swiftly, shall we?" She stifled a yawn. "Don't worry. It will be quick, Lady Myra." 

Vulcura stretched a hand over Myra. The room seemed to grow darker, as if all the candlelight was being drawn into Vulcura's hand. There was a sharp, acrylic smell. The crackle of electricity. Lengths of blue lightning shot from the enchantress' fingers, stretching across the stones, casting an otherworldly light over both of their bodies. Ripples of white light spread across Vulcura's dress and up to her corset. Myra knew it was the light, and yet she thought her barely-contained breasts seemed to tremble like pools of water. The lightning drew teasingly close to her legs. Something like a fire began to well up inside her. She threw her head back, arching against her restraints, and cried out: 

"YYYEESSS!" 

The lightning dissipated, and there was only the candlelight again. Myra looked up, and Vulcura was no longer the confident, murderous witch. She was just...confused. Was she blushing? 

"Uh...what?" 

"N-nothing. Don't stop. I mean...you know, get on with it!" She tried to sound angry, but Myra's voice faltered unconvincingly. 

"Hmm." Vulcura flicked a finger. One of the ropes tightened with sudden force. Myra cried out, but couldn't disguise her excitement. "Curious. Let's try..." Vulcura flicked another finger, and a small lightning bolt-more like a ball of static electricity compared to the giant beams that had been bursting from her hands only moments before-shot forth and landed on Myra's chest. It sent a sharp but not uncomfortable wave of pain across her abdomen. She strained against the ropes, writhing in the pleasure of that small pain. The enchantress experimented a few minutes more-tightening the ropes, sending small shocks through the bound knight's body. And she watched. Maybe Myra was only imagining the hunger growing in her eyes. She desperately hoped not.  

After several minutes of this, Vulcura knelt down by Myra's head. 

"I want to make sure I understand all this. You're a knight of the Holy Mother's Temple, yes?" 

Myra nodded. 

"The religious sect that is extremely celibate and very much hates magick and does everything within its power to eradicate magick users of all kinds?" 

Myra nodded again. 

"And-just so I'm 100% clear-you, a lustless sister of the Holy Mother, came here in the hopes of losing because this," she gestures to the ropes. "Arouses you?" 

"No!" Myra didn't sound particularly confident in her answer. "I mean, I didn't know I'd like it when you...you know..." 

"Tried to shoot enough electricity through you to turn your flesh into a puddle on my floor?" 

"Uh, yeah. That." 

"I see." Vulcura stood up again. "I get a lot of knights, Myra. Many of them from your temple. I'm practically infested with self-righteous knights. They come here hoping to vanquish a sinful witch, and all of them suffer the same fate: a painful death." 

"You told me it would be quick!" 

"I lied. Anyway, this sort of thing happens to me all the time. But none of those knights were like you, Myra. And that makes you unique." She strides across the chamber floor slowly, circling the knight's prone body like a shark. "I like unique things. I like playing with unique things. They're intriguing. Exciting." An arc of electricity danced between her fingertips. She licked her lips. "I think I'll play with you for a little while." 

Vulcura snapped her fingers. Myra heard the buckles of her doublet come undone, heard the heavy leather slide to the floor. She looked down and saw the strings of her shirt loosening, revealing her breasts. Her skin erupted in goosepimples that weren't entirely the result of the cold. She couldn't see, but Myra felt her trousers loosen. The unseen hands working her shirt pulled them down to her ankles. She lied on the floor at Vulcura's feet, totally exposed. The sorceress licked her lips. 

"Such a pretty knight," she purred.Two tiny arcs of lightning shot from her fingers to Myra's hardening nipples. She cried out, her eyes rolling into the back of her head. The electricity shot through her body, even these tiny bolts were so painful...yet she could feel herself slickening as she writhed in beautiful agony. 

Then the pain was over. Myra looked up, and the sorceress was grinning cruelly at her. 

"Does the lady want more?" She teased. Myra nodded. 

"What was that?" 

"Yes," Myra breathed. 

"Don't they teach you how to beg at that temple of yours?" Vulcura snapped. "Beg!" 

"Please!" Myra cried. "Please don't stop! I need more," she whimpered. The need was coiling up inside of her. Vulcura seemed pleased. 

"Such a naughty girl." She whipped her arm, and the enchantress was holding a whip of electricity. It spat and glowed menacingly. Myra's chest tightened, but the fear only thrilled her more. 

Vulcura gave the whip a few experimental flicks, teasing the flagstones next to Myra's body. After an insufferable pause-these witches loved their dramatic pauses-she brought the whip down hard across the knight's thigh. 

"Aaaahhhh!" She screamed, the pain white-hot against her skin. The whip came down again-across her other thigh, then her stomach, then her tits. Myra looked down and couldn't believe there weren't wounds where the lightning whip was touching her. She could see a faint, red outline, but nothing more. She pulled hard against the ropes, only briefing wondering if this was a terrible idea before losing herself in the hot licks of the whip. When she looked up, Vulcura was nearly naked, wearing nothing but her ridiculously tight bodice. When had she taken off her clothes; or more likely magicked them away? 

With another snap of her fingers, the whip was gone. Myra's heart sank. Was she done with her already? 

Snap. 

The ropes at her ankles pulled sideways, spreading her legs wide. Myra's heart raced as her pussy opened wide. Vulcura stared at it hungrily. 

She shot lightning at her thigh. Just a short burst. Myra screamed in anticipation, desperately wanting more. She shot her again, on her other thigh, closer to the curly gates. "Please..." Myra pleaded as the next bolt moved away from her pussy, leaving her aching. 

"So greedy," Vulcura said. "I've done so much for you, and what have you done for me other than break into my home and try to murder me?" 

"I'll do anything," Myra begged. "Please. Just tell me what you want." 

Vulcura smiled. She walked over, her boots clicking against the stones. She took her time, walking carefully over Myra's prone form, caressing her skin with electricity as she walked. Myra shivered at the soft, bite-like touches. The witch turned around and got down on her knees, hovering just above Myra's head. She could smell her, feel the heat pulsating off her cunt. Maidens of the Holy Mother never had sex, they were untouched from the moment they became knighted. Myra herself had never had sex, having been raised within the temple's walls. 

She had never wanted it. Not until this moment. Now all she wanted in the world was to taste this sorceress' pussy. 

"If you want more, you'll have to earn it," she said. And then she smothered the knight's face, burying her in the wet folds of her inner lips. Myra groaned, opening her mouth and reveling in the bittersweet taste. 

"Your innocence shows. Use your tongue," Vulcura commanded, lashing out with more electricity. Myra gasped in excitement, her cries drowned in the sorceress' flesh. She did as she was told. She flicked her tongue gently at first, not sure what to focus on. When she lingered over the clit, she felt Vulcura's body tense, and heard her moan pleasurably. She ate her out a little more confidently, running her tongue along the length of her, savoring her. Myra grew excited as Vulcura's breath quickened and she began to grind into her face. 

"Oh!" She moaned. Then Myra heard the crackle of electricity. Her tongue quickened, and she moaned in response. 

Something danced across her pussy. Electricity, but not as intense as before. Gentler, more warm than hot, more caress than whip. More like the biting touches before. Just a hint of pain. Myra groaned as it crawled into her folds, parting her as easily as fingers, pleasuring as completely as tongues. 

The climax snuck up on her. She'd never even been brave enough to do it to herself in the privacy of her own room. It didn't build up evenly and predictably; Myra's pleasure was like a tide, and eventually, the wave just broke. As her hips bucked into the air and she screamed into Vulcura's body, she heard her begin to cry out as well. Her thighs tightened around her head, and her moans turned into screams as she came all over Myra's face. She lost control of her lightning for just a moment, and the pain became almost intolerable-almost. 

Then her body sagged, and both of them were on the floor, panting (Myra less easily, turning her face toward Vulcura's dripping thighs). 

When she stood up, she was fully clothed. The only evidence of her demeanor changing was a slight blush to her cheeks. Although Myra might have imagined that. She, on the other hand, was covered in red whip marks and sweat, her pussy soaking the stones beneath her. 

Vulcura began to walk away, stretching her arms above her in exhaustion. 

"H-hey!" Myra said. "Don't leave me like this!" 

"Oh, don't worry, my dear knight. I'll be back for you in a bit." She turned, smiling. "I'm not through with you just yet." She disappeared. 

Myra should have felt betrayed. Left to wait on the cold stones, half naked and covered in their shared fluids. And for the briefest moment, she did. 

But then the excitement grew inside of her, and she kept seeing that wicked smile. I'm not through with you just yet.