 I looked down and patted Marion's head, she looked up and groaned as a tear slid down her cheek, "Really? You're going to cry, after everything you did to other girls, what you did to me, you think this isn't justified?" I said to her as I grabbed her hair and shoved my cock into her mouth causing her to gag. 

She nodded then squeaked when I grabbed her hair and used her face Sas I stared at Janice, she stared back with a deep hatred and fear, "Harriet my little slut, I need you to keep Marion right here also make sure to finger her nice and slow, get her ready for my cock," I commanded Harriet as I moved towards the bed. 

"Yes mistress," Harriet said as she quickly got behind Marion and put one arm around her neck lightly and the other hand slid to her trimmed pussy and started to finger her gently, I heard Marion moan in protest but stayed still. 

I got to the bed and walked on my knees ignoring Janice's kicks, once I was close enough I grabbed her thighs and pull her close, I held her down by the neck as I gripped her shirt collar and smiled at her tearful face, "This is going to be so much fun, wonder how long you'll last before you beg for me to fuck you more," I said in a cold voice, then I rent a huge gap from the neck down, snapping her bra and making her small boobs bounce slightly as what was left of her shirt slipped down her sides, her large nipples where already erect, "Wow someone's enjoying this," I smirked as I grabbed a nipple and twisted it making her groan. 

"Shut up, I don't enjoy this, go away leave me alone," she continued to ask and beg until I silenced her with a slap to the face. 

"How often have people begged you to leave them alone?" I asked her as I ripped the rest of her shirt off, I looked down and smirked as I noticed her black lace thong, "Oh my, were you expecting some fun?" I asked as I pulled the thong and made the fabric dig into her pussy, I noticed she didn't shave at all. 

"That's different, we didn't rape them," she started to explain but I silenced her by putting her torn shirt into her mouth. 

"Shut up what you did was worse, you hurt others and made them afraid to even go out," I growled to her as I ripped the thong hard and heard her cry out, she tried to push me away, I tossed the thong away and flipped her onto her stomach, "I've always liked your ass," I said as I slapped it hard. 

I looked back and ordered Marion, "Get on your hands and knees and move to the top of her head ok," I pointed to in front of Janice's head, "Harriet hold Janice down and make sure she watches this," I said as I got up and watched Marion crawl while looking defeated to where I pointed, I felt Harriet's hands replace mine on Janice's head and back. 

I crawled behind Marion and smirked at all three girls, "Time to start my herd of willing sluts," I lined up my large cock to Marion's pussy and pressed the head in slowly, I then lifted her by her neck and forced her to look Janice in the eyes, "Janice I want you to see when she becomes my slut, cause after she does you will join her as well," I said as I pulled Marion back and down on my cock. 

She screamed in pain and pushed back against me with all her strength, I watched as Janice looked horrified, I smiled in sadistic glee as I felt Marion's entrance to her uterus, *Syll how quick can you make it safe for her to take it all?* I asked Syll as I fiddled Marion's clit. 

Within a few seconds, Syll said, I then looked down at Janice and lifted Marion in the air as I sat down, I held her by the neck as I lifted her till my cock head was the only part still in her. 

"Janice have you ever seen a cock go into someone's womb?" I asked her as I rubbed Marion's lower stomach, I heard Marion groan and start to squirm again, "Well your about to," I said as I felt Syll confirm that she was ready, I slammed her down making her take all of my cock, my cock protruded from her stomach slightly and made a noticeable bump above her belly button, Marion screamed loudly in pain and pleasure as she squirted hard and I aimed her hip so she could hit both Harriet and Janice. 

I laughed and grabbed Marion's hair and pulled her head aside so I could bite her neck, as I left the mark I looked at Janice, "No matter what you'll end up like this, impaled on my cock and cumming all the time," I laid Marion down in front of Janice and started to pound her hard and fast, her moans of pain quickly turned into moans of pleasure as I brought her to the peak multiple times, I leaned down and asked marion, "Do you love my cock? Do you want my cum like a good little cumdumpster," I said as I very slowly pulled out and slammed in. 

Marion's tear stained face lit up and she moaned loudly, "Please cum, fill me up like a cumdumpster," she wiggled her ass, I pulled back and thrusted hard and groaned in pleasure as I filled her with cum and a portion of Syll, she looked at Janice and said, "Just let her fuck you, It'll make everything so much better," she whispered as she passed out. 

*Syll do as I planned and ready a second load, this one might need a small mental change, nothing to big but I need to be able to make her stop physically at will if she doesn't do as I say or tries to hurt anyone I don't want her to,* I thought to Syll as I flipped Janice onto her back, as Harriet cuddled Marion. 

"Ready?" I said as I spread her legs and held her hands just above her head, I lined up my cocks to both holes and pushed lightly, "Unlike that willing slut I'm going to break both of your holes in," I smirked at her horrified look. 

"No, stop please don't," she begged as I pushed both in steadily and quickly, I felt both holes give way and squeeze tightly around both my cocks. "It hurts! Stop please I'm sorry I'll never bully anyone again, just don't do this to me!" she begged loudly and fought against me slightly. I gave her a domineering look and thrust hard embedding both cocks to the root in her holes. 

I covered her mouth as she screamed in pain and pleasure, "You're now my slut and I'll do with you as I please, just be lucky I'm not breeding you yet ok," I said as I started to fuck her roughly. 

Janices moans of discomfort slowly turned into reluctant moans of pleasure, she looked at me with a deep hatred, but her eyes gave away the fact she was enjoying it. I reached down and started to fiddle her clit as I sped up. 

I felt Janice start to shake while her pussy started to flutter on my cock, I leaned down and kissed her soundly as she screamed into my mouth and came hard, I felt the bed under me flood as I fucked her harder and faster prolonging the orgasm, I gasped as she suddenly fainted, I slapped her face hard and said, "Wake up slut, I'm not done with you yet," 

As she jolted awake I slammed into her and started to fuck her hard and slow, pulling out slowly only to slam into her again. After a few moments she turned her head away and closed her eyes. Then I felt her cum again and the bed was soaked a little and she looked at me and pleaded, "No more please, I can't handle it anymore," she sounded defeated as she begged. 

I slammed in a few more times before unleashing my cum and flooding her womb and ass with a mix of my potent seed and portions of Syll, *Same as Marion ok Syll,* I thought to Syll as I pulled out and backed up. 

Janice looked at me in defeated then slowly closed her legs and laid down on her side as she started to quietly cry, I beckoned Harriet and Marion over to me and held out my cocks, they each took one as they started to clean them I spoke to all three of them, "Ok so I need you three to do some work for me ok, I'll pay you with full bellies and well fucked pussies, and you can't say no," I said after I stepped back and watched them stand. 

"After what you did I am not doing anything you want me to, I'm going to call the cops, there is no way you're getting away with this," Janice said to me as she tried to storm off. 

I smirked and said with authority, "Stop!" her body froze from the neck down, she turned her head and looked at me. 

"What the fuck did you do to me? Why can't I move?" she asked as I walked to her. 

"Because after dominating you, to that degree and making you mine, your body will follow my commands because it knows it's TRUE owner," I told her as I lightly spanked her. I then started to rub her swollen belly while kissing her neck, "Plus I've done this to Harriet and got away with it, it'll be easier with you two," I teased as I kissed her soundly. 

"I'll do as you ask Alissa, I don't want to anger you," Marion said to me as she lowered her head, Harriet stood beside her and nodded her head to. 

"So Janice my rebellious little tramp, tell me what you plan to do if I let you go?" I asked her as I moved her body to the bed and pushed her down. 

"Get help and get away from you, you monster," she said as she looked away and covered her breasts and closed her legs. 

"Spread your pussy for me," I commanded as I watched her body do as I said, I rubbed her pussy as I watched her blush deeply and shakes her head. 

I smirked and laid down and gently kissed her pussy, "I'm going to show you just how nice the rewards can be if you obey, and if you still want to run away then I'll just break you, either way you stay." I then licked from her taint to clit and swirled my tongue around the pointed pleasure buzzer. 

Janice just laid there closing her eyes and continued to shake her head. I then leaned forward and opened my mouth wide to suck on her clit while sticking my tongue into her pussy. I also put my hands on her tits and started to gently play with her nipples while very slowly pushing my extended tongue into her warm depths. I could taste the mix of my cum and her cum. 

I released my control of her body and watched as she started to shake and twist on my face. I started to twist and curl my tongue inside her hitting spots that normally aren't hit. I looked up and grabbed her chin to make her look at me, once she did, she screwed her eyes tight and looked away, her legs spread further apart and one hand held my hair while the second curled the sheets above her head, I smiled victoriously. 

I made my tongue curl into a spring like twist and spun it around like a screw, she moaned loudly and bucked her hips into my face. I then shot my tongue forward and tickled her wombs entrance with my tip then used my top lip to rub her clit hard, she moaned quietly, "Yes, yes right their, oh God," she screamed as she came hard. My tongue felt like it was being sucked in deeper, I pulled it out and then crawled up her body and kissed her soundly. I forced my cum drenched to tongue into her mouth and made her taste her own cum. 

After the kiss she looked away from me blushing deeply, "Okay, maybe I won't need to run away, well more like I can't," Janice said giving me a dirty look. 

"Yup, so get ready for a life of servitude to me ok," I said calmly as I stood up and stretched, "By the way, you taste amazing I could eat you out all day and not get tired," I winked as I walked to the bathroom. 

I closed the door and locked it, as I stood in front of the mirror I let out a shuddering breath and tried to calm myself down, "Ok so just raped two girls and made them my slaves, that's not to evil is it?" I asked myself calmly and quietly. 

I splashed water onto my face and opened the door, as I did that I muttered, "Let's keep it going." I then stepped out, all three girls looked at me and I noticed that Marion was wiping away tears, I calmed myself and said loudly, "Ok you three come here," I waved to them to follow me as I went into the bathroom. 

As they entered, I was standing in the shower with the water running, "Wash me down then yourselves, ok. I don't like my slaves having crappy hygiene," I said as I turned around and held my arms out slightly. 

I felt someone's hands on my shoulders with soap, they started to rub my back and arms down as another pair of hands started my hips and working down. The final pair put shampoo into my hair and started to work it into my scalp, I stood their reveling in their touch. After a few moments I stepped under the water and felt them rub the soap and shampoo off of me. 

I turned around and gently pulled Marion and Janice to me, "So long as you stay loyal and true to me, I'll always keep you safe, is that understood?" I told both of them as I kissed them each slowly trying to make my feelings known, they both looked down and nodded to me, I then pushed them forward and started to rub soap into their backs, I then rubbed their still swollen bellies and smiled, "Do you enjoy this feeling?" I asked them both. 

"Yes, for some reason with you it feels right," Marion said as she looked st me and a tear slide down her cheek, she kissed me and then whispered, "I've always felt used, even with these two I never felt like I belonged, but when you where fucking me it made me feel like this was where I belonged, thank you mistress," she finished and glanced at Harriet then looked away blushing. 

"I won't thank you," Janice said as she looked down at my hand on her stomach. She shivered as she looked up at me, "I'll never submit to you ok, even when it looks like I am I'm not," she said as she moaned at my caress. 

"That's fine for you Janice, I kind of like that to be honest, and Marion you're welcome, if making you feel welcome helps you then that's good," I then kissed Marion and looked at Harriet and kissed her, "I'll reward you later," I then finished washing them. 

As I left I beckoned them to follow, as I stood on the balcony I grabbed Janice and pulled her close, I held her neck then put two fingers in her pussy, "we've got work to do," I said as I lifted and thrown her onto the roof, she landed on the roof and look down with a mix of fear and anger. 

"Why didn't you warn me?" she said as she walked away and started to breath heavily trying to calm down. 

I beckoned Harriet and Marion over, they both looked afraid but smiled as they neared. I grabbed Harriet the same way as Janice and tossed her up, she squeaked but didn't react too harshly. Marion held me for a bit before breathing heavily, I tossed her and she screamed quietly. 

I jumped up and walked to them and kissed all three, "Ok Harriet hold onto my neck and wrapped your legs around me, you two as well," I said to Janice and Marion as I hugged them close. When all three had their legs around me I smiled and looked at them, "Might want to close your eyes," I said as I started to run to the mountains nearby. 

Janice shook her head violently as I jumped and squeezed me hard as the other two did. I heard Marion yell "No," Harriet shuddered on my back. 

After we flew for a few seconds in the air, we then landed past the treeline and into the woods. I let them go, they then all flopped on the ground and started to shake. Janice looked at me with a mix of fear and annoyance, "please for the love of God WARN US!" Janice yelled as she tried to stand. 

I laughed as I helped them all up, "nope, and follow me," I said as I started to wall towards the looming mountain range. 

"Mistress what are we doing out here?" Harriet asked me after a few minutes. 

"Looking for a cave, I've got plans and I need your girls help to complete them," I said as we started to walk on an incline. 

"Why do we need a cave?" Marion asked as she started to look around. 

"To build a secret base for us and all those who join us," I said as I started to look too. 

"Umm, am I the only one who noticed that we don't have trouble looking around, it's dark out and it feels like it's still bright out?" Janice said as she stopped and looked up a steep incline to our right. 

"That's because you're being upgraded with the basics, night vision, extra strength and agility, better reflexes and strong constitutions," I said as I spotted a large crack. I jumped up to it and looked at it, it was about 3 feet deep and jumped back down, "Keep looking please, spread out a bit but stay in visual distance," I ordered them as I moved up. 

They all looked surprised and did as I said, "How are we being upgraded?" Harriet asked as we all started to look. 

"When I was dying in the crater an alien lifeform attached itself to me and saved my life. In return it modified my body to superhuman standards and let's me do amazing things and transforms me in anyway I want," I said as I shook my cocks to them. 

They all looked a bit guilty, then Janice looked up at me and angrily said, "So that's how you controlled my body, you didn't 'dominate' me like you said you did," she started to walk towards me then stopped and looked down and became furious, "Why don't you try that without the body control huh?" she said challenging me. 

"You two keep searching I have to break this girl again," I said to them and they both nodded and kept going forward searching for a cave. I turned to Janice and smiled, she started to move and ran at me. She jumped at me and tried to hit me, I even felt some of the blows but not many, "Even with your strength you can't do anything to me," I said as I grabbed her neck and slammed her into a tree. I then shoved my knee between her legs and spread them, I then jerked my cocks till they were hard and kissed her forcefully. 

She kept punching me, then she tried to break my grasp, then kicked at me, she kept fighting me even as I kissed her, she kissed back but tried to dominate me, I pulled back and spread her legs as I aimed my cock I looked into her eyes and smirked, "I love it that you fight, at least it's not boring," I said as I thrust my cock into her warm pliant depths in one go. 

She moaned loudly then bite my neck hard, I felt some pain and pulled her hair back revealing her neck, "really now? Trying to mark your superior, silly girl it's me who marks you," I said before I bit her back harder, I even tasted blood as I pulled back I saw how bad I bit and winced, I looked at her and saw pure ecstasy on her face, it disappeared as she looked at me and fought back even harder. 

"I'll never submit, even if you hurt me," Janice said as she was bounced by my thrust(s?). I reached down and gripped her ass hard. I heard her hiss and then moan as she came around my thrusting cock. I then pulled out and pushed her face first into the bark and lined up both cocks to her ass and pushed forward hard. She screamed in pain as she came instantly, squirting onto my legs, as she recovered, she started to fight again before I bit her neck again and heard her whimper like an animal. 

I had a sudden realization, I leaned down and growled deeply into her ear then spoke harshly, "Submit you stupid whore, you belong to me," I finished by roaring loudly and flood her ass with cum, as he belly expanded even more I dropped her and watched as she whimpered and crawled to my feet. 

She laid there for a few moments then looked up at me and smiled before standing, "Sorry for my anger, I'll be better for now Alpha," she whispered as she wobbled a bit before becoming more steady with her pace. 

After an hour of searching I heard Harriet yell, "Found one," as we all found her I looked into a small entrance about 3 feet high and 7 feet across, I slipped in and saw that it went back about 15 feet on a small incline with a wide back wall. 

I turned and patted Harriet's head, "Good find," I said as I turned around and walked to the wall. I put my hand on the front of it as Syll spread out from my hand, she found and outlined a four foot radius circle, the center being my hand. I memorized the pattern of the back wall and then turned around, "Ok I need you three to put those stones from the back wall to the side, then start digging, the plans you need to follow are already in your head ok, just follow that and you'll be good. As for food, I'll bring some with the others tomorrow. I hope to see good progress by the morning ok, and don't worry Syll has already modified you in preparation for this," I said as I grabbed their hands and held them out, "now flex them while thinking about digging," I ordered. 
