 AUTHOR'S NOTES:

This story is erotic fantasy, set in a world of magic.

This tale may be the beginning of a sporadic look into Devan and Danica's history, or it may be a one shot story born of pure inspiration at work today. This tale takes place *many* years before my core Danica story here on Lit, when Danica was still a teenager and her sister Devan had just reached her majority. This story centers on Devan, who makes only rare appearances for quite some time in the core tale, most of which are just references. This tale is a turning point in her life, and thus in Danica's as well.

I'm trying to utilize the feedback I've received on Lit to improve my writing, and hope to continue to do so. Please do comment, either in public or private. I would prefer public, but that's just me hoping to give my stories another opportunity to be noticed in the feedback portal. Anyone who leaves a means for me to contact them, either by being logged in when commenting or giving an e-mail addy with feedback, will get a reply.

Constructive criticism is also most welcome, feel free to point out anything that detracted from the story in your eyes.

I hope you enjoy this foray into the past of the sisters Ardane.

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

Two figures stood in the shadows of a small, dimly lit structure.  Their faint silhouettes and their voices betrayed them as male, but an observer would have been able to determine little else, were one present.

"Exactly as always, no changes at the last minute, agreed?"

"Of course, I just thought I'd add a little variety to my life with the changes last time.  I had no idea you would have such a fit over it."

"Two days each, no more."

"Yes, yes, two days, you may as well give me the coin now, because it is as good as done."

"Nothing until you succeed."

A note of nobility, with a great deal of sarcasm attached, crept into the man's voice as he spoke, "You wound me with your disbelief."

"Whatever."

"Two days is an eternity, I'll hit my first mark before the night is over, a few hours at most."

"Not if you stand here bragging all night."

A quiet chuckle was the only response to that.

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

"Stop hogging the mirror Devan, I can't see what I'm doing!"

"I'm almost done Danica, don't push, I'm in a hurry."

As usual, the auburn-haired younger sister deferred to her flame-topped older sibling.  Danica moved back a bit, pulling a brush through her hair and waiting until she could see in the mirror again to work on arranging it.

Devan plucked a final errant hair from her eyebrow, twitching both and smiling into the mirror when she liked what she saw, "Okay Danica, I'm done."

Devan stepped away from the mirror and winked at her sister in it before going to her clothes chest to decide what she was going to wear tonight.

A smile came unbidden to Devan's face as her younger sister scowled and pressed at her breasts.  Danica's boobs had started to come in three years ago, and at sixteen, they showed no sign of stopping yet.  Danica was at least twice as big up top as she was, and had some difficulty coping with her new attributes.

She knew her little sister would learn to deal with them eventually, but it was amusing to see her fiddling with them and trying to keep them out of her way.  Devan thought it was a good thing they had grown into very different figures as they aged, because as kids they had looked too much like twins for Devan's tastes.  She knew Danica would eventually come to appreciate the attention those big boobs would garner from boys.

Devan pulled a white cotton top with a button neckline out of her clothes chest, smiling a little wantonly as she looked at it.  The material bordered on scandalously transparent.  When she wore it, the dark circles of her areoles were plainly visible from close distances.  Her small blister-like nipples also pressed against it because it could barely contain her firm, rounded breasts.

Pulling on the top, Devan rubbed her nipples slightly to stimulate them, generating exactly the effect she wanted.  Over this went a more modest blouse, something to keep her mother from having heart failure upon seeing her off.  It would quickly be lost as Devan went on the prowl for her prey this evening.  Devan also pulled on two skirts.  The outer skirt had the same purpose as her second top, protection from her mother's wrath.  The one she would actually be wearing was short enough that an errant breeze, or just the right amount of bending, would reveal her thin cotton panties to whomever she chose to show them.

Devan was on the prowl tonight, having just finished a difficult week of study in magic school.  There was little more her master could teach her after her success this week.  Soon she would have to seek another teacher or her fortune, and she wasn't sure which she wanted to do yet.

One thing she was sure about was exactly who she was trying to lure tonight.  She and the young man had both told each other they would be at the square tonight, neither quite ready to ask the other to step out.  It was a date though, despite the lack of formality.

Serhan was handsome and witty, his family was wealthy, and there was an interesting bulge in the front of anything he wore.  Devan had only been with a couple of men, but those two had shown her the difference between what a big dick inside her and a smaller one was.

Bigger was certainly better.

It had also shown her that once a man had the prize, he often lost interest.  Devan was determined to keep the prize in his vision, but just out of reach for a while.  It wasn't going to be easy, because even as she thought about it, Devan was ready to unwrap that gift right now.

Devan decided she was going to end up making a longer stop in the barn than she had originally intended to stash the 'safe' clothes she wore for her mother's benefit.  She was getting too aroused just thinking about what she wanted to do with Serhan, and she needed to quiet that part of her mind if she wanted to keep her concentration and her plan.  Her fingers held the key to that quiet, and she would take care of it as soon as she had dispensed with her modest clothing.

Devan tried to shake her head to clear it, knowing her panties would be getting wet soon if she kept thinking like that.  She looked over at her sister and pursed her lips in an expression of sadness for Danica.  She knew Danica was setting herself up for disappointment tonight, because their mother would not let her leave since she was still on punishment for trying to sneak out a few weeks ago.  Their mother had become very much aware of Danica's flowering and had started acting overprotective of her lately.

Devan finished dressing, almost absently sliding a small silken bag that contained her spell components onto her belt.  Now she was ready.

A quick kiss on her mother's cheek was all that was required for her to leave the house.  She was over eighteen now, into her majority, and could make her own decisions.  There were still some rules since she yet remained at home, but not as many as when she had been a 'child' only a short time ago.

It took only a moment to reach the barn, which she knew would be abandoned save for the animals.  Her father would be out finishing the weeding, taking her brother with him.  Her mother would be busy explaining to a raging Danica why she couldn't go out tonight.

Devan climbed quickly up into the hayloft and moved a loose board.  From behind this, she pulled an old blanket and spread it out on the straw covered floor of the loft.  Devan had been compelled to use this spot regularly over the last few years, and she had grown tired of having the impression of straw in her bare skin.

She pulled off her extra clothing first, stashing it in a sack hidden under the hay for exactly that reason.  Then she lay down on the blanket and flipped her short skirt out from under her and over her abdomen.  Her panties came off in a quick, practiced motion, and her legs parted to give her fingers access.

Devan licked her lips and moaned quietly as she ran a fingertip over her already wet lips.  Even her closely trimmed patch of hair felt slightly damp.  She traced the parting of her lips for a few strokes, and then brought her finger to her mouth.

Not for the first time, Devan wondered if every woman tasted as good as she did.  The spicy, somewhat sweet taste of her juices on her fingertip made Devan's head swim.  The taste aroused her even more as she wetted her finger and then put it back between her legs.

She continued to stroke her nether lips, now starting to wiggle her finger back and forth slowly and penetrate between them slightly.  At last, her body refused to be denied any longer, and Devan stiffened two fingers to slide them into her wet depths.

Her back arched slightly as her fingers penetrated her, and another soft moan escaped her lips.  She moved her fingers in a quick pumping motion, needing to reach orgasm quickly.  She had to avoid being caught, and the need to cum felt like it was burning her alive from the inside out.

Devan brought two fingers of her other hand to her lips and wet them in her mouth.  These she lay over her hood, which she began to rub it in quick circles.  Her breathing was starting to pick up now, and her hips hunched back up at her stroking fingers with every pump.

Her wrist began to get tired, so Devan added a third finger and buried all three into her depths, curving them upwards.  She worked her wrist muscles slightly, rubbing all three fingers over her walls and the sensitive spot behind her mound.  All the while, the speed of the rubbing fingers on her other hand increased by the moment.

Suddenly she stiffened and squealed against her tightly clenched teeth and lips.  The hands working between her legs would spur into motion for a few moments during the ebbs of her orgasm, only to press tightly against her with each rolling spike.

When the climax finally released her, Devan brought the fingers of both hands, completely slick with her juices, to her mouth, and sucked them clean.  The taste and scent were even more intense now, and it caused Devan to shudder with an aftershock that arched her back up off the blanket once more.

She gasped as she sat up and used an edge of the blanket to wipe off her soaked nether lips, then an opposite corner to clean up a few drops that had dribbled or smeared around her mouth.  She rocked back and forth slightly, letting the feeling of afterglow hold her in its embrace for a few moments, then pulled back on her panties and smoothed her skirt.

Devan stashed the blanket once more, and then climbed down out of the loft and hurried through the normally five minute walk to town in half that time.

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

The large central well of town was the traditional meeting place of young people, and had been for years.  Devan's mother and father had met near that well, as had most of the parents of her friends.

The daylight was slowly fading, and with it the summer heat.  Devan was not the only lightly clad young woman sensually strutting toward the well, and several were already there lounging on the edge of the well or talking with one of the young men that had already arrived.

Devan spotted Serhan leaning against one of the posts that supported the roof that helped shield the well from the elements.  She waited until their eyes met, then smiled and started walking in his direction, hips swaying.

"I was starting to wonder if you were coming," Serhan said, as he stood up straight and smiled.

"Parents, you know how it is.  Mom is all worried about the killings, even though they've been happening so far away.  I convinced her I could handle myself," Devan said wiggling her fingers in an exaggerated pantomime of spell casting.

"People say you're pretty good, and that the boys at the school don't like you much."

"They don't like being beat by a girl.  If they weren't so busy hiding in the library looking at pictures of succubi they might have time to study."

The confusion on Serhan's face was obvious, and Devan laughed, "Succubi are demons that prey on men.  They're quite beautiful, always nude, and the people that illustrate the books spend a lot of time putting detail in those pictures."

Serhan smiled weakly and shrugged, "Sorry, I guess I don't know much about things outside town and dad's business."

"It doesn't matter; I get enough of that at school every day.  I'm not here to talk about magic."

The tone in Devan's voice hinted that she wasn't here to talk at all, and the crooked smile that decorated her face hinted even more strongly that direction.

Serhan perked up, and took just the slightest glance at Devan's breasts while trying to hide it, which let Devan know he had picked up the signals she was sending.

"You want to go sit down?"

Devan twitched one of her freshly plucked eyebrows and her smile became even more suggestive, if that was possible, "Sure, there's a bench over there."

He looked where she was pointing, and smiled when he saw that the bench was away from the torches that would illuminate the night in a short while.  Once the sun set, the bench would be almost invisible in the darkness.

The pair went and sat down, chatting and edging ever closer to one another.  Devan batted her eyelashes and blushed when Serhan started laying on the compliments, and let her musical laugh echo through the night when he told an off-color joke he had heard that day.

Night had fully descended, and the couple now sat in the gloom just outside the dancing light of the torches.  Many of the people gathered around the well had gone home, or off away from the circle of light as well.  Faint sounds of pleasure, evidence of heavy petting going on just out of sight, echoed through the square.

Devan and Serhan were holding hands and looking into each other's eyes.  Devan smiled and blushed, then parted her lips slightly.  They both leaned in close at the same time and their lips met.

Devan felt a tingle run all through her body.  It seemed to center upon her lips, in the tips of her breasts, and between her legs.  Devan moaned quietly into the kiss and stroked Serhan's face.

They broke the kiss and Devan blushed again, "That was nice."

"Uh huh."

"Maybe we should do it again, just to make sure?"

Serhan laughed and then leaned in to kiss her again.  Devan's tongue snaked out from between her lips as they kissed, just brushing over his teeth.  She felt him stiffen in her embrace and knew she had caused exactly the reaction she had wanted to.

Their lips parted, and Devan was pleased to notice Serhan didn't try to take any liberties, even though she had relented to her desire slightly.  She could see in his eyes that he wanted more, but he wasn't making any move to try to take it without a signal from her.  She was fighting hard to *not* send more signals than she intended to, because at the moment she wanted a great deal more as well.  One orgasm brought on by her fingers simply was not enough to dull her desire, and that had been a couple of hours ago.

"I should go; I still have to walk home."

"I'll walk you home if you'd like me to."

Devan gave him a last peck on the cheek and stood, "No, then you'll just have to walk back here.  I'll be fine, it's only a short walk, and I can conjure light to see.  You would have to walk back in the dark."

"I'd like to see you again tomorrow."

Devan smiled brightly, then put on a coy expression, "I might be here."

"I hope you will."

Devan waved and started back toward the road home.  As she had suggested to Serhan, she conjured a bright light to guide her on the path home.  When she neared the farm, she doused the light and cast another spell, one of ultravision, which allowed her to see in the dark.  She needed to be able to see well enough to enter the barn and put back on her more modest clothes.

There was something else she needed to attend to as well, because she was soaking wet and aching from resisting her desire to drag Serhan off somewhere dark and see what he had hiding behind that attractive bulge in his pants.

Once Devan's orgasm cooled, she dressed and exited the barn.  She went back to the side of the barn that faced the road and conjured her light again.  Her mother would be waiting up for her, and she would be watching for that light approaching.

Her mother's excuse tonight was mending.  She always gave some reason why she was up waiting on her daughter, even though she knew that Devan knew better.  It was a little game they played, and they both actually enjoyed it.  Devan's mother could be quite creative with her excuses when pressed.

When Devan reached the room she shared with her sister, she could tell that Danica had cried herself to sleep.  Devan shook her head and offered a smile of pity, knowing exactly what her younger sister was going through.  Their mother had very strict rules, and when you broke them, you were punished.  There were no second chances, and there were no early reprieves.  Danica would be homebound for the remainder of the week still, except to go to school.

Devan stripped off her clothes and put on a nightshirt, then sank into her bed and soon fell fast asleep.

~~~~~~~~~
* . . . *
~~~~~~~~~

Devan heard something rare when she awoke the next morning, the sound of her father's voice still in the house.  She looked over and saw Danica, still clad in her nightshirt, listening at the door to their room.

Danica heard her stirring and turned to put a finger in front of her lips to indicate a need for silence.  Devan crept over to the door and listened with her sister.

"... too close, dear.  Devan was out last night, it scares me.  She tells me she can take care of herself, and I've seen her use strong enough magic to believe it, but it still scares me."

"We can't watch her every minute, and she's a smart girl.  When you put the fact she can toss lighting bolts on top of that, there's not much to worry about."

"But the killings are getting closer.  Arenwood is only a little over a quarter of an hour away walking, and it's always young girls.  I'm afraid to even let them off to school."

"I know dear, it bothers me too, but we can't let it rule our lives.  The girls just have to know about the danger and make the right decisions.  We can't lock them up here."

"Why not?"

"Because they aren't going to learn how to take care of themselves here hun, we aren't going to be around forever."

"We do well enough."

"Devan and Danica aren't us.  They don't have the love of this life we do.  Like it or not, they use the magic, and it's their calling.  They can't learn anything about that here."

"Go get about your work dear, I know you're right but I don't have to like it.  I'm still going to try and convince Devan to stay in tonight, and Danica isn't going anywhere anyhow."

"She still on punishment?"

"I told her that first day before school that if she ever tried to use magic to break my rules, it would go hard on her.  Trying to sneak out of the house invisible is exactly that.  She'll finish her month of punishment, and she'd best not do it again.  Her sister learned, and she will too."

Devan turned away from the door, "Sorry mom, I'm going out tonight whether you like it or not."

Danica turned and scowled at her sister, then hurried away from the door in case anyone came to investigate so she wouldn't get caught eavesdropping, "This is so unfair.  I just wanted to go to the festival, and mom was all worried about me getting drunk."

Devan stripped off her nightshirt and started to wash with a cloth she wet in the basin in the corner of the room, "Well, you did come home stumbling the last time you went to one, so what do you expect?"
