 This is my first story for Literotica, though I have been reading the site for years. Hope you like it, and please let me know how to improve!

----

Draz'Thar left Zoram'gar late in the night, his light mail armor darkened by handfuls of smeared mud and a massive double headed battle axe in hand. The orc warrior was young, ready to test himself in battle for his Warchief and secure the forest that the Warsong Clan had begun tried to tame so long ago. On the far west coast, close to the forest edge and ancient elven ruins danger was eternal and the small outpost lived under the constant threat of the treacherous night elves silently slipping out of the tress and destroying their only access to the vital coastline.

His patrol was a simple one that would take him most of the night, brushing briefly into the wood to a simple trail that ran through the forest, keeping well away from the few known night elf encampments and keeping his eyes alert for any signs of the enemy. Hunters typically took up these patrols, but Draz was more clever than most of the grunts stationed at Zoram'gar. During the second war he had served as a scout, then barely more than a child. In the five years since that war he had retained his light step, and combined that with the martial skill the orcs were feared for.

As the night war on, Draz kept low as he moved into the forest proper. Heavy earthy scents filled his senses, moss laden with pollen. Strange lights flittered amongst the trees, flaring with golden brilliance for a moment and then gone. Ancient sweeping buildings, forgotten and abandoned since the spirits only knew when cast shadows of pure darkness against the already lightless ground. Draz had no trouble keeping out of sight in such a terrain, and as time began to pass his mind wandered away from the task at hand.

He should have died for his lapse in concentration, the arrow the suddenly sprouted from his shoulder should have taken him in the neck. The angry hiss following a sudden snap of the bow string brought him from his daydreams and rolling to the side, but the shaft still found its mark and his shoulder exploded in fire. Two elven women stood less than ten yards from him, neither of whom had been there a second before. Draz jumped too his feet and bellowed a war cry, bringing his axe before him as the archer readied another shot. The second elf was dressed lighter than the first, a simple staff of some pure white wood in her hands, chanting in increasing intensity as Draz charged.

The arrow sped from the bow, but Draz was ready for it. He rolled slightly to the right as the archers hand twitched, keeping his forward momentum as the missile shot past and coming to his feet easily. The archer was not prepared for the orc to be so agile, and his shoulder took her in the belly before she could ready another arrow. Draz brought his axe high above his head, ready to end the archer's life as she desperately tried to pull a dagger from her belt. White light exploded around him in a flash of magical fire, engulfing him and searing his flesh. Draz howled in pain and leapt from the inferno, swinging the head of his axe at the elven priestess. Blinded by the fire his strike missed, but Draz was able to catch her with a well placed kick in the gut as she began to cast again.

The other elf was on him then, wrapping her legs around his thick waist and climbing onto his back, her sharp dagger striking multiple times at his shoulder. His heavily mail and boiled leather armor protected him, but twice the thin blade found a gap in the links and bit deeply. He dropped his axe to get at his assailant, both hands desperately reaching over his shoulders to grab at her. She held firm and Draz shoved backwards with all his might, driving her into a tree with enough force to snap a normal man in half. The grip on his waist relaxed and the elf slumped to the ground. Draz spun quickly and grabbed the dagger from her hand and buried it in her chest, causing the elf to jerk twice violently before going still.

Draz turned on the priestess, low and growling. The elf's eyes flicked to her fallen companion and then to Draz once before she turned and fled. Draz roared and gave chase quickly; leaving his axe behind and springing into a lope that almost had him running like a beast on four legs. Through the trees, over vines larger than a kodo and scrambling over jagged rocks he chased her, tasting her fear in the air like an animal possessed. He desired her blood; her fear fed him and pushed his legs to pump harder. The elf screamed as he closed on her, jumping through a crack in a hill to find any escape. The ravine ended suddenly in a sheer wall, and her scent filled with panic anew as she realized she was trapped. She put her back to the wall as Draz approached her slowly, stalking her like a tiger with its prey. She tried chanting a spell, but her frightened voice stuttered and the magical white flames refused to answer her call. 

Draz was on her in an instant, grabbing her by the throat and lifting her into the air, pressing her against the granite wall. Her cry was cut off in a choke, both of her hands trying in vain to break his vice-like grip. Draz inhaled deeply, ready to bash her against the rocks, taking in the sweet scent of her fear and ready to give a roar that would be the last thing she ever heard. But he noticed something else mingled in the scent, something that ceased his roar in his lungs. Subtly, beneath the fear and fright, he could smell something sweeter between the terrified girl's legs. His tusked snarl turned into a smile of another sort.

He looked up at her, taking his first good look at the night elf woman. She had pure white hair, matching the lights that served as eyes and strange purple markings along her eyes and cheeks. Her skin was slate-gray and soft, without a blemish or imperfection that he could see. She was dressed in a pale robe that matched her hair, low cut in the front to reveal rounded heaving breasts that bounced quickly as she sucked in frightened breaths. As the seconds stretched, the elf opened her eyes and looked at the orc to see why he hadn't ended her yet and Draz returned a lust filled gaze. Panic of a different sort passed her face, and she babbled at him in the strange elven tongue in pleading tones. Draz grunted out a laugh and raised one hand to the bodice of her robe and yanked hard, ripping the fabric away quickly and easily.

The priestess's body was flawless, soft and lush in a way that none of the muscular orc females could match. Large, pale nipples hardened in the sudden rush of night air, catching his eyes quickly. He reached up with the free hand and pinched once painfully, and she tried to twist away. Draz laughed and pulled on the nipple, tugging it and pinching it until it hardened further, perfect little peaks on her large breasts. With one breast in hand, he lowered his tusked mouth to the nipple and sucked it, biting hard. The elf squeaked in his grasp as he bit, and the scent of her desire began to grow. He pulled his head back and looked into her face, seeing shame mix with fear and desire. Draz laughed and threw her to the ground on her back and laughed, knowing that there was no fight left in her. 

He was on her in a moment, pinning her back to the ground with his weight and forcing her legs open. Her body was hairless, smooth as silk and warm to the touch. His fingers explored between those legs, finding fierce warmth and her lips slick with need. He probed the folds of her cunt with one thick finger, forcing it in partially. The elf girl began to put up more resistance, trying to pull away and at the same time push herself further on to him. Draz laughed and slipped his head between her legs, snaking his tongue out to taste her. Her juices were sweeter than any he had ever tasted before, almost like honey and he pushed her lips apart and licked deep. Her gasps turned to deep moans as his tongue took her, snaking deeper into her and toying with the rock hard button of her clit. 

He stood then and undid the belts that crossed his waist, letting his leggings fall. His captive looked up at him, eyes widening as his hard cock came into view. She paled and started to back away, the massive green length locked in her eyes and causing more fear than Draz himself had when charging her. He grabbed a handful of her white hair, yanking hard and pulling her to her knees. He grunted a command at her and she looked up at him numbly, not understanding. Draz growled with need and slapped her with the back of his hand, knocking her to the ground and the hauling her back up to kneeling again. Her cheek was an angry red bruise against her pale skin, and tears lined her cheek but timidly she took his member with both hands, wrapping her tiny fingers around his length. Draz grunted a commanding note again, and she swallowed and slowly began to stroke his tool. Pleasure flooded through him at her touch, building as her shaking hands began to find a quicker pace. 

He grunted again and pointed at her mouth. Nervously her tongue slipped from between her soft lips and touched the head of his cock, causing a shiver of excitement to race up his back. Unable to wait for more, he grabbed the back of her head and shoved his length into her mouth, a startled strangled squawk coming from her before she began to gag. He thrusted deep, pushing past her mouth and into her throat, the tightness was squeezing him mercilessly. Holding her head in both hands he pounded into her soft wet mouth, the motion of her breasts bouncing against his thighs only increasing his want. Violent sucking sounds came from her, her tongue against the bottom of his shaft twitching and pulsing while her fingernails dug into the soft flesh of his thighs. Before his passion could fully mount, Draz pulled out of her and yanked her up by the hair to standing again. Pushing her up against the cliff wall, her spread her legs apart and his thumbs parted the wet lips of her sex, ready to claim his true prize. His captive gave one more protest as he positioned himself, but her voice was husky with mirrored need. With one thrust he took her.

A shriek sounded as he rammed his cock into her, her back arching violently. Her tight pussy was slow in relaxing, but Draz was not willing to let her adjust. With two powerful thrusts he was buried in her to the hilt, his entire enormous member nearing splitting her apart. His grunts were returned as he began to pound deep within her, her cries turning into commands of her own, spurring him faster. He clamped both massive hands onto her shoulders, holding her in place as he slammed his cock deep within her. Her nails dug ruts into the stone wall she held fast too. Her cries descended into fevered gasps, and her cunt squeezed him tighter as her own passion began to mount. With a cry she began to shudder and shake, her hands jerking back and grabbing his neck as she came. Her sudden release fueled Draz' own, and pleasure exploded through him as he pumped his seed deep within her womb.

He dropped her to the ground then, watching as she curled up, catching her own breath. His slick tool hung low at her and he considered taking her again, watching the curve of her ass and wondering what new tightness he might find. She looked up at him weakly, dried tears on her eyes and sweat coating her body, and did something he would never expect. She smiled at him, and her soft elven voice whispered something soothing. He blinked down at her, and noticed that her eyes were not on him, but behind him. He turned, confused, and saw the wounded archer at the end of the gully, bow raised and readied.

Before the darkness took him, Draz saw two arrows in his chest. On his back somehow, the shadows racing in, he saw his captive pat his chest appreciatively and say something to her friend.

Then, all was black.