 Lizzie the pixie skipped merrily through Moss wood. It was a sunny spring morning and the eighteen year old creature of the woods was in a good mood. She had been sent out into the wide world by her parents and she intended to go to the town to seek her fortune.

Lizzie was a beautiful girl, 5' 2" tall, 100lbs with long slender legs, graceful arms, flawless creamy skin, full red lips and the most lovely pale blue hair that anyone had ever seen.

Lizzie was just going past the swimming pond when she spotted an old dwarf sitting on the mossy ground. Lizzie hid behind a large fern and watched him.

The dwarf, who went by the name of Rustic, was counting silver coins into a leather pouch.

Lizzie slipped off her pixie boots and skipped into the clearing in which Rustic was sitting. The dwarf saw the pixie and quickly hid the leather pouch under a nearby tree root.

Lizzie began to prance around, imitating the older pixies who danced to get boys to kiss them. Lizzie span and jumped and skipped and wiggled her hips. The dwarf watched, a big smile appearing on his face.

Lizzie danced right up to the dwarf, turned and bent over. Her pale blue pixie dress was very short and when she bent over she showed her gossamer thin little pale blue pixie knickers.

Rustic was getting excited, he loved watching this lovely young pixie doing her dance. When he saw her knickers he got very excited. Rustic put his finger against the gossamer material of Lizzie's knickers and stroked along the cleft of her bum cheeks. Lizzie gave a little squeak of pleasure at the touch.

Lizzie span around to face the dwarf and taking hold of the hem of her short pixie dress, lifted it to show the front of her gossamer thin pale blue pixie knickers. Rustic started drooling.

Lizzie reached forward and put her hand on Rustic's forehead. She gave a little push and Rustic fell back to lie on the moss, a distinct bulge showing from his breeches.

Lizzie reached under her short pale blue dress and taking hold of her gossamer thin pixie knickers, pulled them all the way down.

Rustic gasped at the sight of her fine curly pale blue pubic bush.

Lizzie leaned down and unlaced Rustics' breeches. His stiff cock sprang out, standing proud and erect.

Lizzie took hold of the dwarf's cock and pulled back the foreskin. The dwarf gasped again at the sensation of being handled by the beautiful pixie. A drop of viscous clear liquid appeared at the little slit in the end of the dwarf's cock. Lizzie stood astride the dwarf and slowly lowered herself onto him.

Rustic let out a long low moan of pleasure as he felt the Pixie girl's cunt envelope his quite short, but quite thick penis. It was a tight fit and Lizzie gave a moan of delight too as she felt herself being filled by the dwarf.

Lizzie started to bounce up and down on the dwarf.

Rustic started thrusting upwards, trying to get as much of himself inside the pixie as possible.

The fucking went on for a short time before Lizzie felt the dwarf's cock throb and spill it's load in her body.

Rustic grunted and groaned as he felt his cock squirt.

Lizzie stopped bouncing on the dwarf as she felt his cock become limp.

Lizzie lifted herself off the dwarf, a stream of semen dribbling out of her as she did so.

Rustic lay on his back, still stunned from the fucking he had just been given.

Lizzie pulled her little pale blue knickers back on. She went across to the tree stump, took the pouch of coins and skipped over to where she had left her little pixie boots. Lizzie slipped her boots back on and ran off into the woods.

Rustic came back from his reverie to find he was alone and the pouch was missing.

Lizzie wandered in the woods for some time and eventually came to the waterfall and pool known to the woodland folk as warm falls, due to it being warm.

Lizzie took off her little pixie boots, her little pixie dress, her little pixie bra and her little pixie knickers and slipped into the pool. She swam over to the waterfall and stood under the cascade of lovely warm water.

Lizzie washed herself thoroughly, paying particular attention to her cunt, which still had quite a bit of dwarf spunk inside it. Then she swam to the side of the pool, got out and lay in the sun to dry.

Eric the elf was walking by when he spied Lizzie laying on the grass, naked. Eric liked pixie girls and this one seemed particularly pretty. He was quite taken by her beautiful pale blue hair, both on her head and below her lovely flat tummy.

Eric stood, watching the sleeping girl. He unlaced his breeches and took out his penis. He began to rub his penis as he looked at the naked girl pixie.

Lizzie though she could hear heavy breathing and she looked up to see Eric standing nearby, masturbating.

Now Lizzie had always fancied Eric. She knew he was a year older than her and she was too shy to go up to him, but now, seeing him like this Lizzie knew she could have him.

Lizzie smiled one of her sweetest smiles and got on all fours facing away from him. Lizzie wiggled her bottom at the wanking elf, showing off her pert little bum.

Eric needed no more encouragement. He took a couple of steps forward, crouched down and slipped his cock inside the waiting pixie.

Eric's cock was not as thick as the dwarf's that had recently been inside Lizzie, but it was a bit longer. Lizzie moaned with pleasure as she felt it's length delve deep into her cunt.

Eric slid his stiff member in and out of Lizzie in long slow strokes. Both of them moaning in delight.

The fucking got faster as Eric and Lizzie got closer to climax. Eric started banging his meat in and out as fast as his thrusting hips would let him. Lizzie pushed back as he pushed forward, trying to get him as deep inside her as she could.

The fucking ended with Lizzie having an intense orgasm and Eric shooting a huge load inside her.

Eric pulled out and a stream of spunk and pussy juice ran out of Lizzie's vagina and onto the ground between her knees.

Eric got undressed and dived into the pool and Lizzie went it too as she had another load of semen to clean out of her cunt.

Meanwhile, Rustic had a bit of a problem. The leather pouch with the silver coins in did not belong to him. He was supposed to be delivering it to the witch of the woods. If he went back to her empty handed she would probably turn him into a toad or something. Rustic decided to head in the opposite direction to the witch's house.

Eric the elf got out of the pool and dressed. He waved Lizzie goodbye and went on his way. Lizzie got dressed and started back on her way to the town.

Lizzie was wandering for quite a while and she did not notice how dark it was getting. Lizzie knew it was not safe to be out at night and she hoped she would come across a friendly pixie or elf in a rude hut with a welcoming fire.

Lizzie heard a wolf howl in the night and became scared. She started to run. Lizzie was running through the woods when she stumbled on a tree root and fell. Lizzie bumped her head on the ground and was knocked out.

Derek the woodsman was on his way back to his hut, he had been felling trees all day and was looking forward to a good supper. He walked along whistling a happy tune and nearly tripped over the pixie laying on the ground in front of him.

Derek reached down and poked Lizzie to see if she was alive. Lizzie groaned. Derek picked Lizzie up with his big hands and put her over his shoulder. Derek carried on walking home.