 Imagine, if you will:

You are trapped in an underground chamber far below the Amun precinct in Luxor, Egypt. You have managed to slay Anubis' high priestess even though you are naked with your hands tied behind your back. The room is filled with cartouches of sorts and sizes. One is of a beautiful twenty ish looking svelte young woman with long black hair, deeply tanned skin, apple sized breasts.

Continue on thinking that this woman steps out of her cartouche and shape shifts into a large Egyptian asp, a snake that in nature has poison deadly enough to kill a man. You are mortal, but you have learned a few incantations that you can use, if you had use of your hands to make the gestures required for the spells to be effective. The woman is pissed...at you and has decided that you are to die. What would you think? Yeah, I'd say you were totally fucked too. This is what would ensue if I was in a position like that....

Kebechet hissed, "Die, mortal, die" and launched her long serpentine frame straight at me. She was almost upon me when I bent over and brought my bound hands up as far as I could without dislocating my own shoulders and started to roll. Her right fan sliced halfway through my binding, narrowly missing impaling my hands. I finished my roll, pulled hard on my wrists, snapping the bindings and shot my legs back. My feet struck the snake's midsection causing her to bash into one of the columns and flip her on her back. She quickly recovered, twisting her tail to snap the rest of her body right side up. But that time was all I needed to regain my footing and to stand with arms free.

I launched myself into the air on two feet directly at the gargantuan snake, raised my left hand above my head and shouted, "Ivat Ikkit Ikkir" and landed on the sand floor on four paws. I had turned into a five and half foot long mongoose. It felt odd to have fur covering my body, but the new muscle tone invigorated my energy. I knew I didn't have time to revel in the wider senses that I now possessed. The images in the walls sharpened; the sounds of three heartbeats? The smells of the chamber intertwined themselves and entered my black nose on the tip of my snout. I even felt sturdier, four paws solidly on the ground and it surprised me how naturally balanced my long tail felt, giving me increased confidence in my balance and coordination. My human formed seemed obese and slow compared to the sleek lithesome weasel body I now wore. 

I decided to test my new form out and jumped onto Kebechet's back and tried to bite her between her skull and first vertebrae. The snake rolled and threw me a few meters away. I dug my claws into the sand to stop my backward slide. I heard a voice behind me hoarsely crying out, "oh, my neck..." followed by the sounds of shredding flesh and bone as my hind claws had dug into the paralyzed body of Asudem. My momentum had been stopped. Gore dripped off of both back paws, matting the fur -- it was almost a split second that I could tear my mind away from turning around and helping myself to a little snack, the scent of fresh meat was so alluring. But at least I could only hear two heartbeats -- less confusing that way.

Kebechet coiled her body and sprang once again at me; my human form would have been screaming from inside her gullet, but the mongoose reflexes and strength allowed me to jump straight up over her strike and strife her back with my front claws as she sailed past me. I had also managed to nip the tip of her tail with my fangs, leaving a droplet of blood on my whisker. The aroma from that single drop frenzied my hunger and drool uncontrollably ran out of my mouth and into my furry chest. I had never had such a powerful feeling of anticipation of a kill and the feast of entrails soon to come.

Kebechet turned quickly but miscalculated which direction I would go to avoid her. I butted the side of her head with mine, knocking her once again onto her serpentine back. I pounced on her, my fanged snout just below her jaw. I opened my mouth to deliver the death bite.

I thought my claws had a good grip on her but she bucked the lower part of her tail and I flew straight up in the air. She had done the angle just right and it flipped me head over ass and I landed with her head directly under my groin while my snout banged hard into her underside. From the sound of air expelling from her, I assumed that my snout was in the area of her lungs. Both of us took a second to catch our breaths.

"I'm going to rip your manhood from your body," Kebechet hissed, her forked tongue tickling my Herpestes ichneumon phallic member. "Bitch," I growled, "I'm going to slit your belly open and feast on your intestines." She let another hiss out in response. 

"Listen," I said irritably, "keep that up and I'll think that this is your idea of foreplay."

"I beg your pardon!" The snake hissed in an offended tone, "Just what kind of goddess do you take me for!"

"I'm just saying," I said as I turned my snout back to look at her beady snake eyes, "you seem rather well versed...with that tongue of yours."

"Oh, you!" Kebechet giggled, turning her reptilian head slightly. I didn't know snakes could blush. She hissed seductively, "I was inspired by your appreciation."

"Appreciation?"

"When you were looking at me on the wall..."

"I see..." my mind started to think back to my initial investigation of her cartouche.

"Oh my my," I heard Kebechet hiss softly. I knew that my mind should be on this life and death struggle, but my brain had stalled on the image of her stone carved love zone. Without wanting it to, I knew that my penis was beginning to peek out of its fur lined sheath. Damn, I thought to myself as I felt my whole body quiver, the concentration needed to retain the mongoose form was broken; I reverted back to my human form. Double damn, I was without fangs or claws and the quickness of a mongoose and now my nuts were hanging over the mouth of a giant Egyptian asp. To top it off, I was getting hard. This, I decided, would have been a good time to think about baseball instead.

I heard Kebechet hiss that sounded much like a giggle.

I waited for her poisonous fangs to sink deep into my thighs, payment for my foolishness and to end my life. But the reptilian skin below me shimmered for a moment; the copper scales I was staring at to brace for death faded and left a clean shaven pubic mound in its place.

I bent my head down and looked at; Kebechet stuck her tongue out, it had still a little of it's serpentine form- it was forked. She had obviously been well educated in how to use her tongue as she deftly stiffened it and stuck on of the tips on my urethra and swirled it while the other tip gently rubbed itself along the side of my tip. I moaned involuntarily. She lifted her head and I gasped as the heat of her mouth made me shiver with pleasure. She swallowed my tip, surrounding it with her moist lips, not letting her tongue stop its tickling and held me fast. She lifted her hand and started to stroke my cock from its base to where her mouth had become a much more pleasurable foreskin than my own. I watched with fascination as her apple sized breasts kept in rhythm with her hand. I wanted to lick her until she came but I could do nothing but try to keep from forgetting how to stay on my hands and knees above her without collapsing.

Kebechet got her first taste of my excitement and removed her mouth from my tip, allowing her hand to stroke the entirety of my shaft and her two sinewy strands of her tongue began to lick my sac. I nuzzled her fold open to find her clit already swollen, and I lustily began to circle my tongue around it. She thrust her hips up and started to grind the tip of her clit on my top lip. I gave it a playful nip and let my tongue go down her velvety sex slide. I began to plunge my tongue into her vagina in time with her strokes on my cock.

Kebechet took one of my balls into her mouth and rolled it around, her hand keeping a slow steady pace on my cock; I stole a quick peek and watch as a droplet of my pre cum fell onto her golden delicious sized right breast. I resisted the urge to take her hard nipple into my mouth and placed two of my fingers in her vagina as my tongue went back to tangoing with her clit. I felt her other hand massaging my ass cheeks, rubbing left to right, right to left. Kebechet tenderly took my other ball into her hot wet mouth tenderly letting the other one slip out the other side. The outside air hitting my moistened ball made me jerk involuntarily; I quickened my tempo with my fingers in her juicy pussy.

I heard her giggle as she ran her tongue up and down my scrotum and then sucked her little finger. She stroked my cock a little faster and I felt a wet finger run along my ass crack. I groaned as I felt the pressure of her finger pushing on my opening while her forked tongue flicked around her finger, electrifying the feeling as her saliva loosened the friction she was creating. She stopped stroking my cock and shimmied herself up to where her mouth was just ahead of my ass, leaving me kissing her thighs and my fingers ramming her harder and harder. She spread my ass cheeks wide with both her hands and molded her split tongue into single pole and she started to explore my hole roughly. Her tongue ignored the resistance and forced itself into my hole, making me spasm full body at this unexpected intrusion. She giggled again as she forced her long tongue deeper into me. The juices increased and flowed freely down my hand, I licked it up to taste her, wanting both for her to stop so I could feel her moistness wrapped around me and to keep tongue fucking me until I came all over her breasts.

Kebechet could sense that it wouldn't be long until I burst and removed her tongue from my hole and let it travel down my ass crack to my sac. Her pussy came back into the licking arena and my tongue joined my fingers, licking the sides of her pussy as her hips began to gyrate in circles. She moaned loudly as my own finger entered her anus and pumped counter to my thrusts of my fingers into her pussy. She moistened her hands with my freely running pre cum. She moved her right hand back down to my cock and began stroking it furiously while her left pointer finger started thrusting in and out of my hole again. She kissed and licked my scrotum as my own hips started to move back and forth faster.

I couldn't stand it any longer and bucked her hands from my body. I turned around and splayed myself above her and shoved my cock hard into her mouth, thrusting hard. My tip hit the back of her throat but she made no gagging noise, but closed her mouth on my shaft and accepted my roughness. She put her hands on my ass and forced me to face fuck her even harder and faster than my own lust was directing me to. Her finger once again found my anus and she matched each of my thrust with on of her own, spurning me on to almost rabid abandon.

With one final thrust I released my hot jism deep in Kebechet's throat.I felt shockwave after shockwave of her continuing finger fuck even though my ass muscles had tightened, forcing every once of cum to erupt from within me. As the last of my cum trickled out of my cock and down her wanting throat, she finally withdrew her finger. My cock tingled, her lips moved back and forth along my shaft, milking and coaxing any rogue droplets of cum that may still been in hiding. My whole body shivered from the feeling of her forked tongue examining the inside of my urethra.

Kebechet's mouth released its grip on my cock and weak kneed I rolled to the rough floor next to her, numbed from the escatsy. I felt no pain from the large grandules of sand that peppered their impressions into my back and ass. I looked down and saw that my manhood was redder than the cheeks of Amish woman accidently being caught looking KY jelly in Walmart.

Kebechet rolled over and put her head on my chest, twirling her fingers in my soppy and matted chest hair. We lay there, waiting for our hearts to slow their frantic beats to a slow lovers waltz. Minutes passed, neither of us said a thing.

Kebechet raised her head from my chest and gave me a quick kiss on the the cheek, her eyes were wide with glee. She moved and straddled my waist. I was still limp, but as she began to move her wet pussy back and forth across its sleeping form, I knew it would be only a matter of time until I would be impaling her with my hardness. She bent down and kissed kissed my left nipple; and then my right. She brought her head up to mine, my cock crying out "no fair!" as it's comfortable vaginal blanket had left his solidifying body exposed to the elements. We kissed long and hard, her hands on my shoulders, pinning me down, unwilling to make any attempt to make her stop. Her forked tongue, as it swirled in my mouth hit the tip of my tongue between her two fleshy tines in a oral charade what I wanted to do to the other split that she had. She pulled away and sat back down on my rock hard manhood, gliding her sexed lips along my shaft, stimulating her clit with my tip. She smiled.

"Daddy's going to love you", she said as she reached down and guided me into her still dripping pussy.

"Somehow, I doubt that," I replied, grabbing onto her hips and began to thrust as I looked over at the corpse of Asudem lying a few meters beside us...