 Time was beginning to pass quickly in Morgana's castle. She had begun her time here as a prisoner: desperate to escape, scheming, every minute as precious as gold. In truth she was still a prisoner, but that was a fact that was sliding farther and farther into the back of her mind. The sense of urgency was gone. She was enjoying her time here. She had become a welcome guest, and was now being treated as another member of the family.

 She was getting quite acclimated to life in this strange, secluded Eden. She no longer missed wearing clothes. There was no more modesty in showing off her naked body, nor was it the least bit distracting to interact with someone else who was naked. She would have been lying if she said there wasn't something sexual about it, but that was another thing she wasn't ashamed of anymore. She wasn't shy about her sexual nature anymore, and the sense of freedom it brought was refreshing beyond description. She had always thought clothing was a fundamental part of human nature, but now she wondered if any cultures in the world had done away with it entirely. It didn't seem so far-fetched to her. Though this current gathering was far too small to be called a 'society' it was somewhat of a paradise all the same.

 She vaguely recalled a parable, she couldn't remember if it was even from the Bible or not, of a man who was given the privilege of glimpsing Heaven for a minute while he was still mortal. He lost himself in the secret wonders of the hereafter. When his guide told him it was time to leave, he begged for just one more minute. Several times his guide insisted he had already stayed too long, and when he finally did decide to return he discovered thousands of years had passed.

 With Adrielle being practically immortal within the walls of Morgana's castle, was she in danger of making the same mistake? Her thoughts of escaping were becoming less and less frequent. Thankfully, Adrielle had been meticulous in counting the days. By now her parents must surely be worried sick about her, but at least everyone she knew back home should still be alive for quite a while longer.

 Morgana seemed to be opening up to Adrielle more than she did to anyone else in the castle; however she was still closed off about some topics. Morgana had refused to tell Adrielle anything meaningful about her past, most notably where her magical powers had come from. This was a story Adrielle felt she needed to hear. Though she wasn't even sure what her mission was anymore, she had a strong inkling that hearing this story would be critical to it.

 Thankfully, Morgana wasn't her only hope for getting such critical information. As she did what she could to gain Morgana's trust, she also went to work on Susan, that aloof girl nobody ever seemed to speak to. She had supposedly been living with Morgana longer than anybody else in the castle. Ever since she had first met the girl up on the terrace over the bath, Adrielle had suspected that the quiet recluse might know something special.

 The problem was that Susan was like a ghost. She would show up during meals and other large gatherings, but disappear again as soon as she could. Adrielle had tried to introduce herself to Susan a few times, but she said frustratingly little in response. Susan hadn't even bothered to thank Adrielle for the time she had talked Morgana out of tormenting her.

 Adrielle had some dangerous questions for Susan. She needed to get her alone, but Adrielle didn't dare chase her down too deliberately. If Susan knew any of Morgana's secrets, Morgana surely knew it, too. If she were to chase Susan down after supper, it might not take a leap of logic for Morgana to guess what Adrielle was after.

 Wandering the castle, it didn't take long for her to find Susan's bedchamber: it was the only chamber in the entire castle, save the dungeon, that wasn't vastly more luxurious than her own bedroom, her real bedroom back in Lindis. It had a bed and a single armchair; that was it. However, Susan's chamber wasn't nearly private enough and was too close to some of the higher-ranking servants' chambers for secret conversations.

 Susan was rarely in there anyway, except to sleep. It was like she didn't want to make it easy for people to find her. Adrielle hardly blamed her, seeing how Morgana treated her. Even some of the servants looked down on her, and those that didn't openly scorn her seemed to ignore her instead. Only Cateline, the loving soul she was, made any attempt to reach out to her. Even Cateline didn't have much luck.

 It was on Adrielle's twenty-ninth day in the castle when she finally got her chance to speak to the girl alone. It was purely by chance. She simply happened across her in a seldom-traversed hallway as she was exploring one of the farther corners of the vast, labyrinthine castle. She was scrubbing the floor, and taking her time no less.

 As soon as Susan saw her, she dropped her brush, darted to her feet, and stood with her back against the wall to make way for Adrielle's passage, avoiding eye contact all the while. But Adrielle did not pass by.

 "Oh, Susan! So is this where you go during the day?"

 Susan's eyes met Adrielle's ever so briefly, returned to the floor, then back to hers. "Ah, good afternoon, Adelle."

 Adrielle chuckled warmly. "It's Adrielle, but don't worry about it."

 "I'm sorry! I beg your forgiveness!" She sounded frightened, as if expecting punishment.

 "I said it's okay," she said, smiling. "So... is this what you do all day?"

 Susan finally found the courage to look Adrielle in the eyes for more than a moment. Susan's eyes were bright green; sad but beautiful. She had voluminous, curly red hair that fell down over her shoulders, truly a rarity in Adrielle's experience. She had freckles on her puffy cheeks, cheeks that Adrielle thought might have formed adorable dimples if she would actually smile. She had a voluptuous body, though just enough imperfections to look natural. Her ample breasts hung naturally and comfortably, rather than sticking straight forward like so many of the breasts here. Her breasts made Adrielle wonder if Susan was the only other woman here besides herself whose appearance hadn't been magically perfected.

 Wide, light pink areolas filled up a good portion of the front of Susan's breasts. They were smooth and puffy, with pea-sized nipples. Adrielle imagined she would love to caress that soft, pink flesh. It looked so much different than her own nipples, which were giant and hard, with a circle of bumps all around her areolas.

 Susan had a strong and fit build, though just enough fat covering her to give her skin a soft and smooth appearance: the kind of skin that just beckons to be caressed and embraced. She had a slender waste with wide hips. She had a wide crotch with a nice gap, and a modestly small slit between her labia majora.

 "I... Yes, I clean the unused parts of the castle."

 "I see. Is this all you do? I never see you around except at meals."

 "No, I just..." She finished that sentence with a shrug instead of words.

 "Well, Cateline and I were at the bath. It was mostly just the two of us. I think she's still there. You are welcome to join us and make three if you want."

 "Mm, thank you, but I already bathed this morning," said the girl covered in dust and grime from her chores.

 "Okay, suit yourself."

 Susan was already looking like she wanted to get back to her cleaning and be alone again.

 "So, why does Morgana make you scrub the floor? Couldn't she just magic the dust away? Just like that?"

 "No, it would take her some time. Not as long as it takes me, but I don't mind."

 "I'll help you with that. It'll go faster."

 "No, that's fine, but thank you."

 "Suit yourself," Adrielle said again. "It was good to finally meet you, Susan."

 "Ah, yes. You, too," she replied, looking at the floor. She was already on her hands and knees again, retrieving her brush. Adrielle was about to walk away, then reconsidered. She would give it one more try.

 "Hey, Susan, if you don't mind..."

 Susan looked up, but said nothing.

 "That time I first saw you... in the courtyard with Morgana and Gwendolyn..."

 "Mistress. You're supposed to call her Mistress."

 "Of course. What our Mistress and Gwendolyn had done to you..."

 Susan looked away from Adrielle, an unpleasant memory having been brought to the front of her mind against her will. She did not return to her cleaning, however.

 "Do they do things like that to you a lot?" The concern in her voice was unmistakably genuine.

 "I..."

 "You can tell me. I won't tell anyone else. Promise."

 "I'm FINE!" she said, sounding insistent for the first time since she had met her. Susan was scrubbing again, though she was only moving the brush back and forth across the same small streak of floor over and over again, only pretending to focus on her ever-important chores.

 "Okay. If you say so. Good bye, Susan."

 "Hmm."

 Adrielle continued down the hallway in the direction she had been headed, though she could barely even remember why she had been heading that way in the first place. She found a stairwell and doubled back one floor down so as not to disturb poor Susan a second time. So that was their first meeting. It certainly hadn't been as productive as she had hoped, but she had still garnered some useful information. The girl was obviously used to being the bottom of the hierarchy here. It wasn't just Morgana, but everyone who seemed to belittle her. She was the outcast here. Yes, she could be very useful, indeed.

 ...



Adrielle nearly jumped when she returned to her bedroom and found Morgana wandering just outside in the hallway, wearing her signature boots and cloak. Had she known who she had just spoken to?

 "Mistress! Were you looking for me?" Her heart was pounding!

 "Yes, I was, but what's the matter dear? Did I startle you?"

 "A little, yes." Adrielle was concerned at how much of her emotion she had just revealed. "What can I do for you, Mistress?"

 "I was just looking for you. It's been a few nights since we've slept together, and Gwendolyn was asking if you might like to share our bed? She said that, despite all the fantasies I have let her experience, I've never granted you any of your own requests. She would love the opportunity to hear your fantasies and get to know you better, and I have to admit, I'm a bit curious myself."

 "What do you mean? We've made love several times already! It's been amazing!"

 "Yes, it was absolutely amazing; however making love was all we did, the same as any lovers out there in the mundane world. The only time we ever did anything... naughty... was at Gwendolyn's behest, not yours. You obviously weren't afraid of my magic, so we thought we might encourage you to go wild. What is that secret fantasy of yours that you think about at night by yourself? Everyone has one, that shameful kink that they would rather die than tell another soul about. Well, here, we revel in those kinks! And by my magic, I can make it happen, no matter how impossible! What do you say, will you let your true self out to play?"

 As she spoke these words, Morgana had walked closer to Adrielle, and how had both her hands on her bare hips, caressing her smooth skin. Adrielle tried to think. In truth, Adrielle's most secret, most shameful fantasy had always been to make love to another woman. She had already partaken in that many times since her arrival here. And here, two women making love to each other was considered rather 'mundane.'

 "Anything you want!" Morgana continued, encouragingly. "If it is within my power, I shall grant it to you!"

 What Adrielle wanted more than anything was to go home. Did she dare ask Morgana for that? No. Now was not the time. That was clearly not part of the 'anything you want' that Morgana had promised. There were words, and then there was meaning.

 "I..." Adrielle began, and paused, searching for words. "Actually, Mistress, I had been considering offering the same thing to you." She forced her to laugh at the sheer irony of it all, and was pleased when it sounded genuine.

 "You're always granting everyone's requests, but what is it you want to do?"

 "Oh, I well..."

 "It's not that I'm keeping all my desires secret, it's just that... well... maybe I'm just not as creative. Even my wildest fantasies were dull compared to what I have seen here. It was interesting when you gave me a penis, but that was Gwendolyn's idea. What would you like to do to me? I want to see what excites you!"

"Well, I suppose I have a few ideas." Morgana smiled.

"And... Mistress?"

"Yes, Adrielle?"

"I was wondering if it could be, you know, just the two of us. Gwendolyn can be very demanding at times. I want to focus on you. And... I want you to focus on me. Nothing between us, no distractions. No other obligations."

Morgana smiled, perhaps even blushed a little. Adrielle's flattery seemed to be working. What Adrielle had said was an understatement, perhaps even somewhat of a lie. She couldn't stand Gwendolyn's presence, and having her out of the picture, even for a night, would have been a godsend. Moreover, she wanted a chance to work on Morgana without Gwendolyn's interference. But it wasn't entirely a lie, either. Adrielle really did like the thought of being alone with Morgana.

"I... Yes, I would love that! Hmm, she's in my room right now. Perhaps we could stay in your quarters tonight?"

"I'd love that! Come in! I was just about to lie down or a nap anyway. I could use someone to, um, snuggle with."

Morgana giggled. "Snuggle, hmm? Is that all it's going to be, then?" she asked, teasingly, as Adrielle beckoned her through the door to her bedchamber and shut it behind her.

"No. No, I suppose not," Adrielle replied, returning a grin. "It's up to you, after all, Mistress of Magic! Take me through your fantasies! Have your way with me! You've already made my dreams come true, so why don't you show me yours?"

Morgana giggled again. It was unlike Morgana to giggle so much, but perhaps this was a good sign. "So poetic!"

"Just speaking my love for you, Mistress!" With that, Adrielle pulled back a corner of the sheets and sat down on her bed. She looked up at Morgana, awaiting her pleasure. "Where shall we start, my love?"

Morgana stood there, eyeing her for a moment. Then, she pulled off her cloak and draped it over the footboard, and next her boots and set them at the foot of the bed.

"I think..." Morgana began, walking slowly and sensuously towards her awaiting servant, "we should start back to when we first met! Let's go back to where we began, when I had just caught you sneaking into my bedchamber. The first thing of yours that caught my eye: those magnificent nipples of yours. Do you remember that?"

Morgana took her hands and guided Adrielle up from the bed and to her feet. They stood facing each other next to the bed, just as they had on that fateful night.

"I do." Adrielle shuddered as she recalled it. She had been terrified at that moment, not to mention extremely uncomfortable. Perhaps it was a good thing that they weren't in Morgana's chamber where it had happened, or the recreation might have been all too genuine. Yet, at the same time, a part of her had been somewhat excited that night! She had never seen real magic before, had never even guessed it might have existed. For the privilege of seeing real magic, even the mortal danger she had thought she was in couldn't have masked all of the astonishment and wonder she had felt.

Morgana leaned forward and placed both her hands on Adrielle's hips. She slowly caressed her hands upward, up Adrielle's sides.

"You have amazing nipples! So big! I love nipples so much! May I touch them?"

She had flatly denied that request the first time, had decided in her mind that enduring torture or even death were better than to willingly surrender sovereignty of her own body. But that same small part of her had wanted to. Was it that she had refused to say 'yes,' or that she was afraid to? No matter. It appeared Morgana intended to show her what she would have done that night had she said 'yes.'

"Yes, Mistress, you may. You may touch my nipples."

Morgana eagerly wrapped her hands around Adrielle's breasts, tightening them, until her fingers closed around her impressively large nipples. She leaned in and examined them closely, meticulously taking in every detail, both with her eyes and fingers, as if it were her first time seeing them. Adrielle's nipples alone were an inch long, and over half an inch wide! Beneath that were the wide, rosy disks of Adrielle's areolas. The areolas each had a circle of bumps around them. Morgana ran her fingers around those nipples, tracing each row of bumps. Morgana placed the tips of her forefingers against the tips of her nipples. Those nipples were noticeably wider than Morgana's fingers. She lowered her fingers and gave each nipple a flick. Her weighty nipples jiggled up and down a few times before coming to rest, pointing straight forward again.

Adrielle sighed pleasurably.

Morgana continued rolling Adrielle's nipples around in her fingers, all the while breathing heavily with a look of utter fascination. She was mesmerized! Adrielle was breathing heavily, too, and not just from the physical sensations her nipples were feeling, as wonderful as they were. It felt so good to be admired and adored. Adrielle had always felt ashamed of her monster nipples. She knew they were quite larger than average. At times, she even thought they were freakish. Morgana was proving otherwise. Their unusual size was something of a distinction! It pleasured Adrielle in more ways than she could count to see Morgana examining them with her every sense, examining their shape, their color, their consistency, their stretchiness, every last bump and wrinkle of that firm, rosy flesh, and committing all those things to memory. She wasn't ashamed of them right now. She was proud to show them off! It excited her! And Morgana loved what she saw. Her nipples were the best in the world!

Morgana grabbed them more firmly and pulled them towards her. Adrielle's nipples stretched a ways, pulling her breasts out with them. Her areolas were stretched into long cones. Adrielle gasped at the sensation. Morgana pulled harder, so hard it might have hurt if not for the spell of invulnerability that was on her. Morgana didn't ease up until Adrielle had stumbled forward one step.

Their eyes met again. Both women smiled, laughed silently. They were having so much fun already! But it had barely even begun.

"Adrielle, my love," Morgana spoke at last, "these are easily the most impressive nipples I have ever seen! Perhaps they are the best nipples possessed by any mortal woman! Ah, but with my magic, I can give you nipples that would make a goddess jealous! May I?"

"Please!"

Morgana's eyes drifted up, half closed, as she began to concentrate and caress Adrielle's breasts with her palms. Adrielle's breasts were smaller than Morgana's, though they were still a generous handful. Soon, however, she began to feel her breasts tingling. She felt pressure inside them; they felt bloated. Then she noticed, with no surprise whatsoever, that her breasts were growing in size, swelling up.

Perhaps the rhythmic, almost ritualistic caressing of her breasts was merely for show. Adrielle had seen plenty of times that Morgana's spells could go off without so much as a gesture or word. Morgana simply thought about something and it happened. Still, the ceremony wasn't a bad touch. It gave the impression that Morgana was working her flesh like clay, sculpting her.

Then, Adrielle noticed her nipples. As promised, those had grown significantly as well. From between Morgana's massaging fingers, her nipples began to protrude more and more. Longer and longer, thicker and thicker they grew, while her breasts continued to expand in Morgana's hands. They went from good-sized to ample, and from ample to purely massive. Before long, Morgana's hands couldn't close around her breasts anymore. Her hands could only lay flat against them.
