 Derek carried the stunned pixie to his hovel in the woods. He took Lizzie in and laid her on his bed, then he lit his fire and started to cook.

Derek took a vial of liquid and poured a drop onto a soft cloth, then he gently applied it to the bump on Lizzie's head. The liquid was a potion that he had purchased from Morag the witch and it worked it's magic on her. The swelling went down and the young pixie began to wake.

Derek explained that he had found her in the woods and had brought her to his home where she would be safe. She thanked him. He asked her if she was hungry and she said that she was, so he fed her.

She sat at the little table in the hovel and ate the soup that he had prepared. He gave her some nettle wine to wash it down. She liked the nettle wine, it made her a little tipsy, she liked the feeling.

Lizzie told Derek that as he had been so nice to her she would dance for him.

Lizzie began to skip around in the space in front of the bed, waving her arms and kicking her legs up as high as she could. He clapped along, humming a tune for her to dance to. She kicked off her little boots, he caught one as it flew across the room.

She slipped off her little blue dress and let it fall to the floor. 

She undid her little blue bra and dropped it on the floor. Derek stopped clapping and stared at the pixie's pert little breasts with their bright pink nipples.

Lizzie took hold of her gossamer knickers and, turning her back to Derek, pulled them down over her bum and wiggled it, then she pulled them back up.

She turned to face him, took hold of her gossamer knickers and pulled them down a little, revealing that lovely pale blue bush, then she pulled them back up.

Derek started to breath heavily, he was getting excited by the striptease the pixie girl was doing.

Lizzie skipped over to the bed, pulled her knickers off and sat on the bed. She put her hands behind her knees and fell back, drawing her legs up and apart as she did so.

Derek drooled at the sight of the girl's blue bush. "Eat me," she said. Derek needed no more encouragement. He crossed the room in two paces and knelt in front of the pixie girl. He buried his face in her muff. He kissed her pussy lips, his tongue probed and pushed at her outer lips, prising them apart, seeking her clitoris.

Lizzie gave a moan of pleasure as the man's tongue flicked at her clit, her cunt was getting very wet.

Derek gave her head for a few minutes but could not control himself any longer. He stood, unlaced his breeches, dropped them to his ankles and knelt back down again. Then he shoved his big stiff cock inside the pixie girl Lizzie gave a little gasp as she felt the man's meat slip into her. He grasped her by the ankles and started to thrust in and out of her sopping wet cunt. She writhed and moaned as she felt the meat fill her and leave her time and again.

Derek threw his head back and gave a howl as he shot his load inside the pixie girl. She squealed with delight as she climaxed, shivers running through her body, her insides contracting, squeezing the man's cock dry.

Derek withdrew from Lizzie and sat back on his chair, his limp cock hanging in front of him. She sat up on the bed and smiled, she liked the big man and his big cock. Derek asked Lizzie to stay with him for a while and she readily agreed. 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Morag the witch was not in a good mood. The dwarf, Rustic, was supposed to have delivered the payment from Morlock the wizard days ago and he had not. Morag was too busy to go and look for the lazy sod herself so she decided to send her cat. Morag's cat was sitting on the window cill sunning himself when she threw the magic dust over him.

Kit the witch's cat was a happy little soul. He was well looked after and there was always a nice hot cauldron to warm himself by when it got cold at night. He liked to laze the days away. It came as a bit of a shock when he found himself transformed into a handsome young man. 

Morag had never used that particular spell before and she was not sure how it would turn out. She was very pleased at the result as she viewed the tall athletic good looking young man that stood before her. She walked around him, having a good look at his strong arms, broad shoulders, narrow hips and fine facial features. There were a couple of glitches she could see. His balls were still the same furry little balls he had when he was a cat and he still had the cat's tail. His penis was big enough, but the balls were a bit disappointing.

Morag liked what the spell had achieved and she decided to give herself a make-over using the magic dust. She undressed, threw a handful of it into the air and walked into the cloud it formed. She appeared from the little cloud and walked over to look in her full length mirror.

Morag was pleased. She had transformed from a bent old crone into a full bodied young woman. Her bony old fingers were now fine tapered smooth ones with beautiful red pointed nails. Her dry old dugs were now large firm round breasts with rosy red nipples. Her waist was slim and her hips were round. Her wispy grey hair had become a long flowing black mane. Her lips were full and red. She looked fantastic!

Kit looked at his mistress and let out a whistle. He could feel a fizzy feeling in his tummy. His little furry balls were tingling.

Morag looked at Kit and saw his cock was stiffening. She liked the fact that she was having that effect on him. She put her hand between her legs and felt wetness where before there had been none. She beckoned him over.

Kit crossed the room and knelt before his mistress. She took hold of his hair and pulled his face towards her luxuriant black bush. He buried his face in her sex. Now cats have a very coarse tongue and his was still like that, so when he started to lick Morag's clit she went into a state of absolute bliss. He lapped at her clit as if he was lapping up milk from a bowl. She shuddered and twitched as she was brought to a quick and intense orgasm.

When Kit pulled his face out of Morag's bush after she had let go of his hair, it was dripping with cunt juice.

Morag needed to send the cat on his errand but she really had enjoyed the cunnilingus and wanted more. She decided to send him off, she could always get another cat.

Kit looked very sad when Morag told him he had to go and look for the dwarf, his little balls were aching where they had not been emptied. Still, the selfish young beauty just conjured up a nice set of clothes for both of them and sent the smart young man on his way.