 My life is full of adventure and even danger and this is about an ordeal and an experience I'll never get over.

I'll skip all the boring details. I am an astronaut and I like my rockets big and I prefer my men the same. Astronauts can spend a lot of time alone or sharing space with a very small crew. So we love our sex and we take every opportunity to get some when we're not on duty. I have always kept fit and I like my slim, 5' 10" body and my light brown hair that sits over my B-cup bust.

The other important thing is that I am in the Mars program and that's really how I came to the adventure I am about to relate. The science people had a huge breakthrough and suddenly we had two-seat capsules to make a trip to Mars in hours instead of months. The science people didn't break the rules of nature but they did bend them a hell of a way. As many of you will know, even bending the rules can get you into big trouble.

Which is how I came to be sitting next to my capsule feeling battered and bruised, trying to enjoy some lush grass and late afternoon sunshine as I cleared the haze from my head.

We all knew there was a problem with the new capsules and I'd had a big malfunction. Straight away it felt like I was in a kind of 'Planet of the Apes' nightmare because I was sure I was still on Earth. The lush farm land told me that and so did the approaching shape of a man who I assumed was a local farmer.

Rescue - of a sort. I was still trying to clear my head and get a good look at his strange farm vehicle when he reached me. He was like a bear - well over six feet tall with huge hands and massive arms. As he was looking me over I was thinking how nice it would be to be scooped up into his vehicle and taken somewhere I could feel better. Later I discovered he was big all over but right then that was a long way from my mind.

What happened was not exactly a rescue. What happened is he inspected me, taking a long time to check out my looks and getting an eyeful of my figure. The space uniform is not flattering for a woman but I have enough curves to show and I got the strong feeling that's what he was mostly interested in. Maybe future men hadn't changed so much from my own time.

He did try to talk to me and I caught a lot of his words but he spoke a strange kind of English. It was almost like a dialect. It sounded like his name was Midge and I tried to tell him my name, which is Lou.

When he was done with the inspection, he pulled me to my feet and fetched some kind of leather straps from his machine to tie my wrists together. The big farmer wasn't even trying to flex his muscles with me. He was huge and powerful and clearly he was giving me no choice. Then he tied the straps to the back of the machine. My rescue was feeling like a kidnapping.

The broken conversation finished pretty soon when he got into his vehicle and started to drive it slowly down a dirt track. I couldn't believe I was being treated like that. He didn't act hostile towards me and for sure he had no reason to be afraid of me. 

I half walked and was half dragged for about twenty minutes until a big, strange house came into view. Soon after he pulled up next to the house and I could see people inside through the windows. They were women. Surely that meant I would be released and be taken care of.

He did untie my wrists but then he muttered something to me in his strange English and I was half led, half dragged into a second building that could have been a barn. I was somewhere in the future but his attitude felt like the ancient caveman thing where women were subjected to brute force whenever the men wanted something.

Inside, this second building didn't really look like a barn at all. It was super clean and full of high tech gadgetry, though I guessed most of it was farming gear. Like in the movie, my 'planet' was far into my future.

The other thing about this barn was that in one corner it had something that looked like a huge bed. It seemed especially inviting at that stage. Two sides of the bed were closed in by some kind of metal mesh. Before I knew it Midge had more straps and this time my wrists were tied to the mesh before I was pushed onto the bed. There was enough length in the straps that I could move around and it was obvious that this is where I would sleep.

I wanted to scream out and to protest and to demand some proper treatment. But how could I? I dared not fight against a man of his size and strength. If I screamed who would listen? There were people in the house who knew about me and had done nothing to help. I knew I was in trouble even when Midge came back a few minutes later with a plate of delicious but strange looking food.

I slept late and woke stiff and sore. Midge was there when I woke up and with a grunt and some more mangled English he untied me and led me into the house.

Suddenly I was face-to-face with three gorgeous women. I quickly realised this was his family - the farmer's wife and their two lovely daughters. They were all pale and very blonde but they all seemed very nice and interested in me, despite the language barrier.

I was taken away for a shower and was shown how to use it correctly. The wife looked at some of my bruises and I tried to assure her that nothing was broken. That was just as well since no-one seemed to give any thought to getting medical attention for me. Fresh clothes were produced - strange styles but they seemed to match what the other women were wearing. They made a nice change from my spacesuit though I saw immediately that they were designed to show off a woman's assets. The women of this family all looked beautiful in their clothes and their breasts were shown to good advantage. I knew I did not quite match up to them. However, they all seemed lovely and happy and I somehow felt accepted into their household. Of course my mind was on other matters - like working out how the hell I'd get back to where I belonged.

I was fed and then taken back to the barn for some more sleep. That night Midge came back and again I was tied to the metal mesh, a long leather strap serving as a kind of leash. He brought food as well but I felt like a captive. 

Over the following days I was tied to the bed in the barn at night but during the day I was free to move around. In fact, I was treated as a complete equal by the women. My treatment by Midge seemed bizarre and yet the women each morning greeted me with big smiles and let me work alongside them during the day. I quickly saw how the women all had the same say as the 'man of the house' in who did what and what was done and who got to operate which equipment. There was a strange sort equality amongst us all except that I was somehow a prisoner of Midge. He had a size and power that always promised he could take control at a moment's wish if he chose to.

I got to work in the house and to use some of the equipment in the yard. During daylight hours I had free run of the place although I was also told firmly that I was not permitted to move beyond the boundaries of the farmhouse. It was the wife who instructed me so and somehow she managed to make it sound like a threat rather than a suggestion.

I noticed the way Midge looked at me and there was no doubt he was perving and sizing me up. I knew that my new clothes weren't helping as they showed off my natural curves to even greater effect. My breasts are not small and I have a good sized and well-rounded butt. Midge checked it all out. I did wonder how his wife felt about his behaviour but as a prisoner of sorts I knew I'd be at the mercy of this huge man.

I was already thinking madly about what to do about escaping - at least about getting to my ship and working out a way to return to where I belonged. I asked Midge and his wife about bringing my capsule in from the field but they didn't seem very interested. Instead they kept me busy working alongside the family and each night tying me up and bringing my meals to the barn.

****************

Finally, after about a week, the inevitable happened. I had kind of been expecting it but had been foolish enough to let down my guard. I was several hundred years into the future and in a more or less alien environment

There was nothing alien, however, about Midge's plans for me. After I'd eaten he came back to collect the plates and I saw "that look" in his eyes. I am a woman. I have seen that look - I know that look. Yes, I was in the future, but I could see that some things about men had not changed. I was helpless in an alien land and faced with a man much stronger than me.

With a kind of a grunt, Midge took a handful of my hair and dragged me to my knees in front of him. He was so much bigger and stronger than me and it was easy for him. I thought about struggling but I was under no illusions. Holding me still, with his other hand he pulled open his clothing. I knew Midge wanted me to suck his huge thing and, in my mind, I just accepted that I had to do it. To my disgust, he produced his penis. That didn't last for long. It turns out Midge is equally well-proportioned below the waist as everywhere else. 

Why did I surrender? My official reason would be that I was trying to survive - trading sexual favours for a chance to escape. And the fact is that Midge would have taken what he wanted anyway. I was scared of him being so huge and powerful and I didn't want to fight back.

The big bear of a man never said a word. But, when I felt his hand gripping my hair and saw him fumbling with his pants, I knew what I had to do. 

A huge penis came into view and he was already hard. It was a thoroughly impressive penis and I will say again that this astronaut does like her rockets on the larger side. The power of this man and his enormous tool made me afraid and excited all at the same time. I was frightened and vulnerable but that penis was too good to resist. The fact that I had no choice made it a little easier. 

I didn't get the chance anyway as Midge quickly forced his massive thing into my mouth. I was amazed to feel his shaft getting harder and larger as he used me. He was already stretching my lips as he thrust crudely into me.

It was like an attack but, in a way, it didn't feel any different to any other man who'd wanted to use my mouth. I was scared enough to want to please Midge but my natural technique kicked in anyway. I didn't want him to hurt me but for sure I wanted to do right by such an incredible penis. He was far too large to fit more than half in my mouth so I put both hands on the base and stroked firmly as he violated my mouth. 

Midge came quickly and without warning. So typical of a man, suddenly I was being forced to swallow a huge load of semen as he pumped his balls empty. It felt dirty, even if I usually enjoy tasting my lovers that way. But his pleasure was all he cared about. Maybe it's because there was so much. He just kept shooting and spurting into my mouth, giving a low animal growl as he did so. 

Then Midge pulled back and tucked away that massive thing, still half erect. I was tied to the mesh before left, still without saying anything. I've had men take advantage of me before but his casual attitude to using me sexually made it feel even more like a violation.

There was nothing I could do but lie down and try to get to sleep. I had so many thoughts in my head. Was this why Midge had "rescued" me? Would I be expected to let my captor use me like that every night? I finally dozed off, my head full of thoughts about oral rape, hoping he would come for me another night and wondering how his wife coped with regular sex with an organ so huge as that.

Next morning it was the wife who came to fetch me from the barn. Like all the women in that house, she had blonde hair and the palest skin. Her name sounded like Geet and I had to admit that she seemed very lovely to me. Then she smiled at me and lifted a hand to my left breast. She was touching me with the tip of one finger and making a strange sound - as if she'd just found a new flower in the garden. I looked down at her finger and a feeling of horror came over me. Geet had spotted a dried glob of her husband's semen on my clothes. His penis was so large and his eruption so big that I had not managed to swallow all his cum. 

That one dried lump was the proof of my violation, my surrender, and my betrayal of Geet as a woman.

I am sure that Geet saw the look on my face. She simply smiled and laughed softly and led me to the house for breakfast and a change of clothes for the new work day.

Two nights later Midge visited me again after dinner. This time he untied my wrists but only so he could roughly pull my clothes off me. The material was tough enough for farming but the design made it easy to put on and take off. With his physical strength, I knew I was no match for Midge and did not resist as he made me completely naked in front of him. It was humiliating and I knew this was only the start of his second violation of me.

Totally nude, I was pushed against the metal mesh, facing away from him, and Midge quickly used some leather straps to tie me tight. My arms were stretched above my head and my waist was held firm and he even took the time to tie my ankles, legs slightly apart. I tried to turn my head to see what he was doing and I got a glimpse of another leather strap, shorter and wider and held in his right hand. I even tried to beg. "I'll suck you Midge. Please don't hurt me. Please don't do anything to me."

His response was to whip me with his leather strap. Midge did not utter a word as he lashed me more than a dozen times. He caught me mostly across my bottom and the backs of my thighs. I hated it - it was the worst thing I'd ever suffered from a man. I cried out because it hurt but mostly because of the shock and the terror. I knew he was not giving me a full-blooded thrashing but it was horrible all the same. And I cried out in the hope that Geet, his wife, would hear and would intervene.

When Midge was done whipping me, I was taken down and pushed onto my knees. I knew what was expected but Midge took his time, rubbing his enormous, erect penis over my face and grabbing my breasts roughly. This time I was able to take in more of the sensations of this massive man. His penis was straight and smooth with almost no visible veins. The head was soft and spongy. He smelled of sweat and warm earth and somehow my fear was replaced by the thought that this was a farmer and a man of simple needs. I actually liked his smell but I was forced to focus on his needs. Midge satisfied those needs by once more roughly fucking my mouth. 

That night, I actually enjoyed his penis! Yes, he was rough and crude. But I was almost drawn to him, to that giant member. I wanted him to slow down, I wanted to savour him as he filled my mouth with his size and his power. I even tried to protect myself using my hands but he held me and thrust into my mouth without a care for me. When he erupted, I was ready and I was almost pleased at what I'd done. And he tasted good! I did my best to swallow every drop as if somehow I still had some control as this strange, almost alien man relieved himself sexually.

When Geet came the next morning I was still naked. She seemed pleased about that. I was feeling very confused and angry about what had been done to me and I started shouting at her.

"Why is he doing this to me?" I demanded to know. "Why do you let him treat me like that?" I pointed to the mesh walls and I shouted some more. "He tied me up and whipped me. How could you not hear that? You know he already forced me to take his penis in my mouth!"

At first Geet just smiled patiently while I worked out my anger. I am a healthy woman who enjoys sex and yet I'd been made to feel as if I'd been raped. Now the wife of my attacker was happy that he was violating me. I needed to know what was going on.

She told me to sit on the bed and untied my leash before taking up a position next to me. We proceeded to have a long talk, a kind of heart to heart. At the time, I didn't really understand everything Geet said - the language barrier - but over the following weeks I pieced more of it together. 

"Society has advanced very far since the last decades. We have an equal society now and maybe more than equal. Women have worked hard to give us the best society. We control many things and we are in all the top positions. You can even see in the home and on the farm we can be in control. In our house I always have the final say and Midge is happy with that."

Except that his treatment of me suggested that men remained powerful. I said so.

"Its complicated," Geet went on. "The one area where we give men complete freedom is sex. It is our big compromise. It is very important in our society to let men decide when they have sex and who they choose for sex. You can see that Midge has chosen you for sex. That makes me happy and it should make you happy."

It did not make me happy. It did make me confused. "A man can have sex with any woman he wants? And the woman cannot refuse?"

Geet laughed and tried to explain some more. "We have rules. Men are not allowed to have sex with every woman they see. It is required that they follow the proper ritual. If not, then the woman must say no."

"But what about me?" I asked. "And why would you let Midge whip me?"

"Of course the rules are different for a woman who is an outsider. But the whipping, as you call it, is the proper way. It is no different for my eldest daughter who accepts these whippings from her boyfriend. It was the same for me before I was married. When we are whipped by a man, we make him a promise."

I still did not understand at all and Geet kept trying. "I told you sex is the one place where men can have total control. If a man wants to whip me I say yes and I am happy. The whipping is for the woman to show she is giving her body to him totally. She is ready to be under his control. When a man whips me I am happy because I have been chosen. And now Midge is choosing you."

I wanted to know about things like love and what power a woman had if the sex that followed the whipping was unsatisfying. "Love is not needed for sex. Unless your people are different. But that would be dangerous to our way of life. Love is important - I could not love Midge if he did not whip me. But if women did not enjoy sex that would be dangerous as well. So of course we are responsible for teaching the men."

I was practically none the wiser - except for the fact that I should expect to receive more whippings from Midge. But then Geet took me by the arm and led me to the house. She said that she had something to teach me.

I walked naked the whole way, trying to ignore the looks from her daughters as I passed through the house to the upstairs bedrooms. Geet had a large en-suite with her room and she took me straight in there where she sat me on the edge of the basin. Without a word she pushed my knees apart and ran her fingers over my mound. I heard her give a kind of "tut tut" and she said out loud - "no, that is not proper".

I had no idea what that meant but I did blush a little because I had rather let things "go to garden" down there, having not shaved myself for over a month. In a flash Geet had a small device in her hand and was pushing my legs further apart. Suddenly I realised this device was removing all my pubic hair, effortlessly and with almost no sensation. Here was one definite advancement for women.

I wondered if this was all part of the "proper process" - as if Geet was preparing me for sex with her own husband. But she was stroking her fingers over my mound and seemingly taking a lot of interest in my new smoothness as well as the feel of my labia. Was she feeling me up in the bathroom she shared with her husband?

The answer came as she led me to the large, soft bed - casually removing her own clothes as we went. She had such pale skin it was almost translucent and her large, buoyant breasts sat high with their blue veins clearly visible. I'll admit right now I have had my share of experimentation with women so I wasn't alarmed by her obvious, desire for lesbian sex. But she was so beautiful that I wasn't really sure of myself. 
