 Sorry for the massive delay. Personal drama and writer's block for this particular story kind of do that... 

================================================

It was a new day and they had not spoken a word to each other about what happened last night. Sira worried about what might be going through Elanna's mind, but made a point of acting like her usual self.

Under the Inn was a complex layout of tunnels and rooms, a lot of them were extra accommodations, small and simple to house many. But several larger chambers were used for training, sparring between combatants or specifically designed and protected with magic to allow others the freedom of learning to control their otherwise unstable powers.

Elanna herself had trained here, and she said it was the perfect place to bring Sira. "Maybe you can get as good as me one day?" she smirked, walking into one such chamber.

Sira raised a brow, "I don't know; I've never killed before."

Elanna paused, looking over her shoulder at the girl with a measuring stare. Sira felt a shiver run down her spine - Elanna's gaze could always make her feel like prey rather than predator. Not that she ever felt like the latter at any time in her life, but those ice blue eyes were like those of a wolf peering down at a mouse under its claws.

Finally turning her eyes from the girl Elanna pushed her hood back, and moved up to a weapons rack. She picked up a beautifully crafted sabre, its vicious edge foretelling of very bloody combat. Elanna whirled artfully on her heel, sweeping out her free arm for dramatic flourish and held the blade point first at Sira's throat. The girl went rigid, staring down at the weapon in mute terror.

Elanna smiled and moved the sword away, switching her hand to the blade itself so she could offer the hilt. Sira relaxed and stared up at the Assassin, confused. Elanna tilted her head, "take it."

Swallowing hard, Sira carefully reached out and curled her fingers around the hilt; the feeling of rough leather and subtle silver embellishments was odd against her soft skin.

Elanna calmly moved behind her and lay her arms over Sira's, showing her how to hold her arms and softly uttering a command to relax. Warm breath fluttered against the girl's ear and Sira found it difficult to relax no matter how much she willed it. Elanna's voice brought her back to earth, "you shouldn't hold the blade as though it will bite you. A blade, wielded correctly, is your closest ally in a fight," such a smooth voice, like velvet wrapped steel. "You must think of it like an extension, something already a part of you and your will."

Sira managed to pay attention for a few seconds, her eyes moved briefly to the bracers Elanna wore, "like your hidden blades?"

A low chuckle, cold as it was, escaped the Assassin, and Sira felt her heart flutter. "Quite."

Elanna stepped back from her and Sira grit her teeth, immediately missing the presence and warmth of another body. However she quickly noticed that Elanna had slowly moved her into a ready stance, and she held the blade comfortably. Looking down at the weapon, Sira's brows drew together. Fighting was one thing, killing was another. The thought of this blade piercing into another being's flesh, their blood draining and spilling over her hands, pooling on the ground...

Sira dropped the sword, backing away from both it and Elanna. "I don't- I don't think I can..." she struggled with her words, her blood quickly turning to ice.

Elanna frowned deeply, a look of mild disdain curling her lips, "what of that harpy that ruined your life? Would you rather let her live?"

Sira froze, a flash of anger moving through her body in one quick wave of fire. Part of her wanted so much to kill that wretched woman, the thought of her whispering false affections and self-serving ideas into her father's mind brought vengeance to her heart. But then part of her reviled against the act of killing itself, she was a gentle soul; she didn't like conflict in the first place.

The girl tried to ignore what exactly Elanna was herself; a killer in every sense of the word. Elanna was an Assassin; she killed either as long as money was involved, or if it suited her mood and whims. A half-demon who was probably looking to turn Sira into a reflection of herself; a monster.

Sira could feel her breath shorten in panic as everything that had happened over the last few months suddenly crashed down on her like a tidal wave. She turned and immediately started running, ignoring Elanna's voice as she called after her in surprise and confusion.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sira curled up on herself, arms wrapped around her knees and forehead resting against them. She had made so many turns; she didn't know where she was anymore. Stupid, stupid thing to do in hindsight, running off when she had no idea how to get out in the first place. But her body had simply reacted to the fear of what had happened to her life.

Everything she had known had been ripped away, and in a sudden moment of supposed relief, a stranger had taken her away from what threatened to kill her. Now where was she?

She was in an unknown city, teeming with creatures that she had only heard of in fairy tales to warn her into good behavior when she was a child. Creatures that were considered the worst nightmares of mortals, for good reason; the Innkeeper himself had to be some kind of wraith, an undead spirit that fed upon the souls of the living and left them as rotting, withering husks. 

Sira found herself rocking back and forth, tears running down her face. What the hell was she doing here?

"Hello, little girl."

Sira snapped her head up, letting out a terrified wail and shrinking into the corner as she came face to face with yet another monster.

The beast bared its teeth in a broad grin of serrated fangs, its furless hide slimy and looking similar to sharkskin. Pure black eyes settled on the tiny human female, and the monster gave a hideous bark of laughter. Reaching forwards, its bulky frame moved quicker than one would think, and grabbed Sira by her ankles, hoisting her up until she was hanging upside down. The girl struggled, wiggling this way and that to try and get free as she cried in fear again.

The shark creature opened his jaws, a broad pointed tongue flicking out and lapping against Sira's cheek. "Mmh, tasty little mortal; I think I'll play with you a bit. Don't get much fun down here, always have to hide. But now you've snuck in, and I get to play again," he chuckled harshly; blunt snout nuzzling against Sira's tummy.

She managed to think clearly for a second, "I didn't sneak in! I'm h-here with Elanna! Y-You should k-know her!"

He paused a moment, narrowing his black eyes at her. "Hrm, a pet then? But you ran away, and the mongrel half-breed didn't come to find you; so I guess she won't care if you just disappear. You're mine now, mortal," he grinned hungrily again, and started moving down one of the darker corridors. Sira had run so far that the walls here were damp and covered in moss. The air was thick with a dank smell, and water pooled here and there on the stony ground. What little light came off from sparsely placed magical flames was just barely enough to keep the shadows at bay.

Sira whimpered; any attempt to get free was met by a threatening growl and painful tightening on her ankles. She quietly whispered Elanna's name over and over, now more than anything, hoping and praying that Elanna did indeed care about her.

"Sira!" a voice roared from the end of the damp hallway, and Sira opened her eyes. A pair of glowing ice blue eyes could be seen in a familiar silhouette in the darkness. "Elanna," she sobbed quietly.

The shark turned just as Elanna started running, "let her go now and I might just think about letting you live!" the threat only made his grin widen. "She's my little prize, filth; you don't have the right to tell a pureblood what to do." He lifted his hand, green fire immediately conjuring around it before shooting out in a stream of incineration.

Elanna rolled out of the way, dodging under the shot and moving up quickly. Before the beast knew what was happening, she was directly in front of his face. "I wouldn't think so highly of yourself, 'pureblood'," she hissed, twisting the dagger in his heart violently.

The pureblood fell back with a rasping groan, the fire dying quickly and his eyes turning a milky white.

Elanna narrowed her eyes, and looked to Sira, who lay curled up in a ball on the ground. Shaking her head, the Assassin moved over to her and knelt down, gathering the girl in her arms. Without even a second glance at the dead body she calmly began walking back to their room on the upper floors.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

She was warm, something held her so close and tight, secure, afraid to let go as if to do so would let her disappear forever. Was she home? Had it all just been one confusing, horrible nightmare?

Sira opened her eyes and realized she was indeed curled within someone's strong arms, but when she looked up she met a pale, narrow face and feral, ice blue eyes. There was a unique attraction to such a face, like a lone winter predator given human form, mysterious and beautiful. And yet the eyes were so aloof; even raw, anguished. Sira reached up, her mind still foggy, and gently clasped that porcelain face, afraid of breaking it.

"Sira..." Elanna's strained voice brought her out of her trance and the girl blinked, suddenly awake. They were back in their room and on Elanna's bed; the Assassin must have been holding her since she passed out. Even when she realized she was holding Elanna's face, Sira didn't let go; it felt oddly comfortable. She stared up at those ice hued eyes and felt unable to turn away. Why did they captivate her so? Everything about Elanna frightened her; yet the half-demon could still enthral her so easily.

A hand grazed over her lower back and she became aware of Elanna's arms wrapped firmly around her. 

Sira's name left her once more in a weak, uttered breath and Elanna dipped her head, suddenly meeting the girl's lips with her own. Sira frowned, confused and fumbling as she tried to return the Assassin's kiss. She had never done this, not even thought of it with women – it felt so odd, but far from wrong.

Elanna pulled away after a moment, avoiding Sira's eyes. "Go back to sleep," she murmured, suddenly distant in spite of their embrace. Sira was bewildered but could hardly say no to more rest, she was far too tired to question what just happened; maybe in the morning. Certainly later...