 After being fucked by Midge in the field, it was a long drive back to the house. I fell deep into my thoughts.

There is something incredibly satisfying about having sex with a married man whose wife knows all about it -- and approves! I am not silly. I knew that Midge was only using me for his pleasure and that the only feelings he had were about his lust. In a way, in a way, it wasn't so different from casual sex in my own time.

There's nothing at all wrong with casual sex. Normally that's the kind I prefer. As an astronaut, someone who is away from base for long periods, its sometimes the best kind I can expect. Sometimes, however, its just not good enough and I get left feeling unsatisfied and horny. 

In that time, the future, being treated like a sex slave was considered normal for a woman in my situation. So, its not the same. But I'd gotten comfortable with their attitudes towards sex. 

What I'd gotten really comfortable with was how great the sex was! Even for a woman who was treated like an object or a sex slave. 

I can't say it enough. Sex is great in that future world. Midge is especially skilled - and well-equipped. Maybe I hadn't enjoyed Grad so much. But all others, men and women, seemed to know exactly how to give me pleasure and they all saw it as their responsibility -- even Midge, when he "forced" himself on me.

I know that Geet and Midge love each very much. I saw them together and I sometimes heard their shared passion at night. But that was different -- love was lonely part of the equation for a happy life in that strange world. 

With Pedder, I felt I'd shared something emotional. And I knew that Doctor Terri had made it work for her in that place. She had found herself a husband and any number of casual lovers.

Thinking about it, I started to wonder once more whether I could make it work for me. Would I ever be more than an outsider? I could apply to the committee. Doctor Terri had suggested that. But what if they refused?

I told myself to snap out of those thoughts. I was being foolish. I'd learned a lot from those strange people and, most of all, from Geet. Once I did get back home I knew I'd make some changes in my life. But I had a responsibility to Sarah to help get her home safely. She was depending on me. Others in the Mars program were depending on me. I was committed to going home. 

The events of that evening made it easier for me to accept my decision. Pedder came to the house. He arrived at dinner time and there was only one reason for that. I as happy to see him, still horny after my time with Midge in the field. I was happy and ready for Pedder to use me.

Later, in my room, I opened my clothes to show Pedder my boobs. They did the trick every time. But I didn't want a whipping that night after what Midge had done to me. So, I went to my knees in front of Pedder and grabbed for his penis. I was behaving like a slut but I felt good about that. 

It wasn't because Pedder wanted those things. I accepted the rules. I didn't want to cause any shame for Geet. She had shown me that being a slut is a normal and natural thing for women in that time. Women are in charge in the future and the ones I met showed me they also have control when it comes to sex.

In fact, my guess was that it was Geet who had offered me to Pedder. But I really did have a soft spot for him. His penis is a good size, especially after Midge had left me sore. I did my best to be sexy for him and took my time slipping him into my mouth and stroking the shaft while going as deep as I dared. 

I suppose we both knew it would be the last time I saw Pedder and the last time to have sex with him. I had felt a little sad about that and wanted it to feel like a special night. After all, I'd given myself to him more willingly than the other two guys in the house. 

But things were different that night. It felt as though Pedder didn't want to make a special effort with me. I had thought I felt a spark between us on our other times together but I must have been wrong. Maybe it was a silly idea. Pedder was after a screw. He was interested in me for that and nothing else. It was "proper", after all. I couldn't be mad at him. And whatever I felt, I knew the sex would be as good as ever since Pedder is a "proper" man in those times. 

He played with my boobs and got me aroused and his fingers felt good as he used them on my pussy. He still put his mouth on me and made me climax and of course he was skilled and did an amazing job down there. 

Since I was sore, I managed to convince him to use my bottom. It was a simple choice since he was going to penetrate me there anyway. Of course, I wanted to give him pleasure. But that's was how easy it had become for me to be a whore in that future world.

Pedder still took the time to prepare me. I was rolled onto my tummy and he carefully licked my backdoor. I wasn't so turned on that night but there was no escape for me. 

When he was ready, I lifted up and presented my bottom to him. I let Pedder fuck me because he wanted to. It was not uncomfortable and it didn't hurt me. The little plug had done the trick. Plus I'd been filled back there so many times by Pedder and by the women. I did feel a little more "dirty" and used because his attitude was so different that night. 

Feeling him thrust into my bottom was pleasurable. He went slowly, thrusting for a long time and really enjoying himself. I can admit that the fucking was good. He made me so tight that I could feel every bit of him as he thrust in and out of me. It was a turn-on to know he was enjoying my body so much. Being on my hands and knees, offering my bum like a "proper" woman, it felt sexy to know that I'd gotten him so turned-on with my butt. 

Eventually, Pedder couldn't hold-off any longer and I heard him and I felt him as he shot his full load of stuff into my backside. I admit I was a little proud of what I'd done. It would be judged as so "wrong" by people in my own time. But I knew was that I'd done the "proper" thing and it felt good to have Pedder shoot his sticky cum deep inside my backside. 

After he'd left, and I was feeling really sad about Pedder, I felt his stuff slipping out of my hole. I just cleaned it up without another thought.

In my own mind, I was content with my decision. Three days after that, Sarah and I would launch ourselves on our homeward trip. I reminded myself that, back in my own time, I would make things different from before.

*******************

The next day, I was still feeling sore and sorry for myself. I put on my best face for Sarah. Her excitement was obvious - we were only two days from launching on our way home. At the same time, I could see that she was trying to control her emotions. Maybe Sarah understood that I was sad to be leaving my new friends.

The capsule was almost ready and the flight computer had been programmed. We just needed some final checks and to make sure we had enough power for the trip. It was time to take it back to the field where I'd first crashed. The place where Midge had found me. It seemed so long ago by then.

Midge really cheered me up that day. He did something that was so obvious for a man in that world. But it shocked Sarah and it made me feel happy again.

We were in the field and the capsule was unloaded. Sarah and I made some checks and everything looked good. We had planned to return the next day and complete all the calibrations and programming. Launch was to be the day after that. I did a last walk-around to check for any further external damage. Sarah was sitting there, watching me, as Midge moved closer. 

I saw the look on his face and I was in no doubt what he was thinking. I wanted the same thing.

I waited until Midge put his hands on my shoulders. Then I sank down in front of him. I heard Sarah gasp, a sound of horror. I didn't mind that at all as I reached out and released Midge's massive thing into the warm air. 

"This is too much," I heard Sarah gasp from the side. 

"It's a fabulous rocket, isn't it?" I said, looking at Midge and smiling up at him. 

It is the most impressive thing I've ever had in my hands. Or in my mouth! He is a giant of a man and his cock is exactly proportioned, looking powerful and potent just like the rest of him. I wrapped my hand around him as Sarah looked on in amazement.

"No. Please..." she murmured.

I don't know if Sarah was thinking she was protecting me from the giant farmer or she was just disgusted by what she was witnessing. 

For the first time in my life, I actually was excited by the idea of sucking a man while being watched. I wanted to teach Sarah a lesson. She'd disrespected my new friends and she'd looked on me with scorn. But I knew how that future world worked and I knew I could belong there if I'd chosen differently. 

It was because of Sarah that I was leaving them. So, I wanted to make a point. I knew she was watching and I wanted her to get the full show. It was such a fabulous penis that I really wanted to show it off. 

For only the second time, I was on my knees in the open air while I stroked and licked a cock. As Midge got bigger and harder, I almost could not wrap my hand around the shaft. I didn't think he could get any bigger. So, I let Midge force himself into my mouth. I had to really stretch my lips for him. Of course, I was thrilled at how he felt and happy for him to use my mouth. I held his balls in one hand as I used the other to stop Midge from doing damage to me. They felt so big and full.

For a little while, I took him from my mouth and I stroked and licked him some more. I even ran the tip of my tongue over the head of that wonderful thing. Then Midge wanted my mouth and he thrust inside me again.

There was maybe another ten minutes of me stroking and sucking him. I could feel Sarah's eyes on me but I focused on Midge. It was quite a job to do since he is so big and it took a lot of effort with my mouth and my hands to keep him pleased. But he'd done this to me many times and I knew how to read him. I knew that Midge was ready to shoot his cum.

He placed his huge hands on my head, eager to control me in his climax. I was no longer afraid as I knew he'd learned this with Geet. He was so hard in my mouth and thrusting deeper and faster. I knew that Sarah was watching, frightened and appalled. I tried to stroke his balls, wanting him to finish and wanting to make him explode with all his manly power.

With a loud groan, Midge finally reached his climax and his throbbing, pulsating organ pumped great mouthfuls of his seed into my mouth. I was well and truly hooked on the sexual mores of that future world. I heard myself groan with delight as that warm, salty stuff flooded out. I could never manage to take all of Midge's cum -- he was too potent for that. This time was no different and I did my best to swallow what I could without choking, knowing that the rest of his semen was leaking and dripping down onto the front of my farm clothes.

After the longest cumming I could remember, it seemed Midge was finally finished with me. He released my head and slowly let his penis fall from my mouth. We looked at one another and I know we both smiled. I was a sex slave and an object that he could use how he wished. But we'd established an understanding. I had been taught how to be "proper". I could see the validation in Midge's smile and I felt even better knowing I had done a great job for my last time.

As we climbed back into the vehicle, Sarah regained her voice.

"That was the worst thing I've ever seen," she said with a voice that dripped with anger.

I could only shrug my shoulders in response. I didn't care about her feelings or what she thought. I'd behaved in a "proper" way and that was what counted for me.

Sarah pressed on. "I can't believe you did that. It almost looked like you were enjoying it." 

She was completely aghast at what Midge had done with me. What was worse, at least in her eyes, was the idea that I'd been a willing participant. Sarah still thought of me as a traitor. But I had the ace card.

"He could have chosen you," I said simply. Then, with a grin, "I thought it was better that it was me." 

That thought hit Captain Adamson right between her eyes. What could she say in reply?

"I told you he has a massive rocket," I said with a sly grin. 

Not another word was shared between us that day. But I noticed the way Sarah kept glancing at the globs of semen that had fallen from my mouth and onto my clothes.

Geet noticed them, too, when I went inside for dinner. She gave me her usual wicked grin of approval.

*********************************

The next morning, not much work was done around the farm. After lunch, Midge and the older girl, Mara, drove Sarah back to our launch site. She needed to perform a final check on the program in the flight computer. It was good to have Mara go with them. Sarah was still frightened by Midge but I'd assured her she was safe with Mara delivering her meals and taking her into the house for showers. 

We watched them set off. The car was still in sight when Soos slipped her hand into mine.

"I want sex, Captain," she said, quite unashamed. I knew Geet and Soos had their own plans for the afternoon.

Geet had let me think that she'd kept her lesbian side a secret from her husband. I wasn't so sure. I figured the incestuous sex between Geet and Soos was guarded closely. But even a man like Midge would surely wonder, or would suspect, what Geet got up to with other women. Even more when she seemed to arrange to spend so much time with me. And she wanted to spend time with me that afternoon. I was overjoyed -- a chance to say a proper goodbye to my new best friend.

The daughter gave me a huge smile. I was ready for her, too. Soos led me inside and straight to her parents' bedroom. Midge and Sarah would be gone for several hours and that big bed was where we would spend our time. 

Soos was naked even before Geet could join us. I ran my eyes over her young, pert body. She had her mother's sex drive but didn't share the same physical attributes. I thought she looked beautiful and sexy all the same with her firm, perky boobs and her slender legs. I watched Geet slowly remove her working clothes and give me a good look at her fuller, sensuous body.

I remember Soos being hungry, urgent. She had a look in her eyes that told me she was feeling insatiable. She began undressing me and grabbed me for a deep kiss as I tried to keep my eyes on her mother. I was no longer bothered about the debauched, incestuous sex they shared. 

The leather strap was on the bedside table and I glanced at Geet. I would have done anything for her at that point and I wanted her to know I was ready to be whipped. But Geet just gave me a grin and a little shake of her head. With our little threesome there was no need for any whippings. We were going to have an amazing last time together.

"I want it, Captain," Soos said as she pulled me towards the bed. I was in no doubt.

"Sex with me, Captain," she said with a note of urgency,

There was no reason to hold back. She was so young but so experienced and horny despite her age. I moved on top of the slender, lithe body and placed my mouth over one of her perky little boobs. Her nipple was hard and pointy and I could feel her trembling with desire. So I slowly sucked her boobs and licked her nipples as she moaned and groaned underneath me. 

I'd never been very bi-sexual but little Soos was just what I needed to be converted. I felt good with the way her young body responded and she arched her back to get still closer to me. I moved back and forth on her boobs and she was moaning and grabbing at me, trying to squeeze my breasts as I pleasured her.

This time, my last, I wanted something for myself. So, I climbed up on top of her. I guess I was feeling a little hungry as well and I figured, for once, it would be my vagina grinding onto her face. Soos was grinning as I got into the dominant position and lowered myself to her mouth. I knew I was wet but I was no longer self-conscious about that. It felt so incredibly good to feel her lips on my vagina and her tongue was soon thrusting into my opening. 

When I felt Geet get down behind me, with her mouth on Soos' wet, young pussy, it was the signal for compete debauchery and total sexual pleasure. I came even harder, smearing my wetness all over Soos. 

I actually admired Geet and Soos for their incestuous relationship but that didn't matter right then. We three females were going to have the wildest, most abandoned sex of our lives. I was incredibly excited, riding on Soos's face, grinding on her the way she had done to me, hearing and feeling her orgasms as her own mother gave the best licking of her daughter's hungry sex.

It wasn't long before we changed places. The three of us were all so horny and hungry. This time it was Geet who took the dominant position, crouched on top of me and her soaking vagina on my face. I saw the way her labia flared and I had a great sight of her large, firm breasts as she lowered herself. I determined to give her the best tongue work I could manage. It wasn't easy though, as her daughter was soon driving several fingers into my own spasming pussy.

But Soos was only just getting started.

"More now," she said urgently and lay on her back, legs wide.

I went down and put my mouth over the younger woman's sex. She was cumming almost instantly. I saw Soos arch her back and a grimace come over her face. It was so sweet to see Geet cradling her daughter as she exploded in ecstasy. Incest or not, it was an incredible thing to experience.

For that whole afternoon, we didn't care about anything except our little threesome inside that bedroom. Soos wanted to put her mouth on my pussy again and, of course, I spread my legs for her. Geet kissed me and sucked on my tits as her own daughter gave me a tremendous licking and made me cum hard all over again.

For a time, I lay in between the other two as they cuddled and fondled me. I felt so special in between those beautiful women as they touched and licked me all over and had me cumming in an endless stream.

But it wasn't long before Soos wanted to be the centre of attention once more. Neither her mother or I could deny her that. I fingered her a little and made her explode on my fingers and then I watched as Geet dived between her daughter's slender, pale thighs to lap at her sex and thrust her tongue into that hot place. Soos was crying out her orgasms so loudly I was grateful we were on an isolated farm.

"Its best, mother," she cried. "Its best." 

I wondered whether she was saying she preferred oral or that Geet was the best exponent of that skill. It hardly mattered. I did my bit to assist, suckling and biting those young boobs as Soos screamed out her climax.

When they swapped positions, Soos ready to make her mother cum in her mouth. I decided to help out. It was a squeeze but I got my hand underneath Soos's chin and eased a finger into Geet's backside. She was hot and smooth and I felt her muscles spasm at the intrusion.

"Yes, Captain," Geet gasped. "yes, fuck in my backside."

So I slipped a second finger into the bottom of the slutty mother and stroked gently as Soos continued working on her pussy.

"Aaargh," she screamed out. "Both of them... both of them ...not stop, fuck me..."

Finally, we took a little rest. All of us knew that afternoon was our last time together. So we cuddled and kissed and very little was said between us. Then Soos fetched two large vibrators and I knew that was the signal for the fun to begin again.

Soos went down on me and fingered my bottom this time. It was quite an experience because I could see clearly her mother using one of the vibrators to penetrate and to fuck the vagina of her own daughter. But Soos had learned her lessons well and was fantastic at pleasuring me. The twin sensations, on my pussy and in my butt, were like something out of this world. I gave a quick thanks to a society that values great sex just before I erupted with another amazing orgasm.
