 Geet knew what had happened. I could sense it from the way she acted towards me. But there was no remorse on her part and little concern for me. That was to be expected - I was an outsider and a sex slave with no rights over what was done to me. I tried ask her about Mara. Was she not concerned that the future son-in-law seemingly enjoyed hurting women?

"It's the proper way," she explained, for the umpteenth time. "Mara will decide. She gives herself to Grad but he must do the right thing. That is why he whips her."

I wondered if the answer was that some women enjoy pain as part of the sex. I guessed that maybe it was true of Geet. She certainly didn't seem to mind the idea of being flogged as part of the play. Soos was quite opposed to it. Maybe Mara was more like her mother and she got turned on by being hurt.

I forgot all that, however, the next day when finally I got some of the best news since landing in that weird, future time.

"She is coming," Geet told me. "The other one. From the other capsule. Permission was given. She will arrive tomorrow and now she belongs to us." Geet added, "She is a bad one." I was left to wonder what that meant.

"But now you will plan to leave us," she went on. I could see the sadness on her face which was very touching. She was happy for me and yet sad at the same time. "Its natural," she concluded. "Back to your real place if you can."

The very next day, Captain Sarah Adamson arrived and I was taken out to the barn to meet her. Midge had already tied her to the mesh. There was a new pecking order. I felt bad for Sarah but was relieved for myself. Like Geet had said, I was almost a part of the family. So I was permitted to sleep inside while Sarah, the outsider, would be left in the barn.

I hardly knew Sarah and we would have to find a way to work as a team. You have to understand, the space program now - or then - is a big organisation with several bases. So, we astronauts don't get to meet all the other crews. I had heard of Sarah Adamson but this was the first time we'd met. 

The most important thing was that, at last, I had the chance to de-brief with someone from my own time. More to the point, we had the chance to plan my escape back home.

I was a little shocked when I first saw Sarah. She looked in a bad way. I guessed she'd been treated harshly - maybe even more than me.

"These people are animals," she said to me in a hiss. "How operational is your capsule? We need to get out of here as soon as we can."

I was just so excited to have someone like me to talk to. I told her my capsule was serviceable. We could use it to return home. But astrophysics is not my strong suit and I needed someone to help me work out the flight plan. If only someone could work out how to reverse the trip through time, I was sure my capsule was good enough to get us home.

Then Sarah have me the basic details of what she'd experienced. She and her fellow crew member had left after me in our own time but they had arrived slightly before me in the future. They'd crashed on the other side of the country. Their capsule was damaged beyond repair and her crew mate had been badly injured. He'd been given medical care but perished soon after. It was then that Sarah had discovered how women who are outsiders are treated in that future world.

"I was raped by their men," she told me coldly. "A number of times. At first they just wanted to rape me. When I fought back, they started to whip me every time and then rape me. I fought so hard they finally stopped. But they hardly fed me either."

I understood what had been done to her. I also understood why. As hard as it was for her to accept it, I knew that Sarah had been treated "properly" according to the rules of that future society. 

"But at least I'm safe now, with you," she went on. 

I wasn't so sure that being with me would be as "safe" as she imagined. I knew how things worked and I thought it very likely that Captain Adamson would be expected to accept the same demands I'd had from Midge. Sarah must have seen the look on my face because she suddenly looked a little frightened.

"You mean, you've been raped as well? The fucking bastards."

I was feeling a little defensive, mainly out of a feeling of loyalty toward Geet. These future people had a very different culture to ours but, in their time, it was the right way.

'The rules are different in this place. In this time," I tried to explain. That was a mistake.

"You mean you gave in?", she said with a look of hatred. "How could you do that? Was it worth it just to sleep inside? I suppose there was more than one. But didn't you fight back? And what about the whippings? I suppose they starved you as well so you gave in to them."

But she could see on my face that it had not been that way for me. I'd found a way to adapt, to survive. Maybe sex was a currency I'd used. The trouble was, as Sarah well knew, these people would take it no matter what. Instead of fighting them, I'd learned to enjoy many aspects of that future world.

And, as I've already admitted, I was more than happy for the obvious benefits that Midge presented.

Sarah looked at me like I was a traitor.

"You let these people have sex with you? How could you?" 

I tried to explain what I'd learned. I tried to tell her that the women in that household were our allies and might even help us to escape home. But Sarah was so angry that she didn't want to hear. 

I knew Captain Adamson wouldn't want to understand any of what I was telling her. She was just too angry and, maybe, upset from the loss of her crew mate.

"You let them do whatever they want," she said with venom. "And then they give you permission to eat in the house and sleep in the house. I guess you just like being fucked like that."

I wished she could see that it wasn't all bad in that future world. I guess it was loyalty towards my friend, Geet. How could I make Sarah see that what had started as something horrible had ended up being mostly good? I was a sex slave but I had learned to accept the rules of this future society. It wasn't right in my own time but how could I judge these future people? By trying to fit in, I'd had some of the best sex of my life. 

Yes, I could have explained that I, too, was whipped before sex. It wasn't simply a matter of "giving in" and letting them have their way. Even when I wanted sex, I could be whipped if the man wanted that. But I enjoyed the sex and, like Geet, I even got some enjoyment from the leather strap.

There was no point discussing it further. I left Sarah to her thoughts. The key thing was to get her into a headspace where she could work on planning our trip home. It turned out that Sarah was an expert navigator. But she would need a clear mind for that. Midge had out her in the same spot he'd first left me. So, she was close to the capsule and I hoped that would help to get her head right.

*********************

I couldn't stop worrying about Sarah. She'd not handled things as well as me. As far as I could tell, she had gotten a harder time from her captors than me. It was another reason to feel grateful to Geet - and to Midge, too. She was right about being raped and it had affected her badly. And I needed her in good shape to complete the technical planning for us to fly back to our own time.

But I figured that with some rest and good food, and a little time, she'd come good and focus on the job at hand. What bothered me was what Midge would want from Sarah. She was another new woman, an "outsider", and I expected he'd want to use Sarah as he'd done me. Unfortunately, Geet confirmed that.

"It's the rules," she explained to me without much concern. "She is with us now and we have permission. Midge has the right and you know he can do it."

I still wondered how Geet could be so relaxed about her husband constantly draining his sexual energy with other women. But I knew myself that Midge was something of a sexual machine. It was the leather strap that really concerned me - more whipping of Sarah might cause her to lose all focus or interest on completing our mission.

"Its proper and you know it." She reminded me. "Midge will choose if he wants."

Predictably, Geet had no sympathy for Sarah. "She is a bad woman. Since she would not do the proper thing then, for her, it was not good. Not like you," she assured me with a smile. "You learn and you are one of us now."

Actually, I did feel like I was part of that strange family with its weird, deviant attitudes to sex. Sarah's venom was understandable but it hurt me all the same. It made sense to her to fight their men when they demanded sex. But I was glad for my choice since not only was I more comfortable but I'd had some amazing sex.

Anyway, there wasn't much time for worrying about all that. Pedder came to the house that night and he wanted sex with me. As soon as he arrived I was ready. Yes, I knew my place. 

Maybe I was also feeling a little extra motivated after talking to Captain Adamson. She despised me for the choice I'd made but I felt I'd done the right thing trying to fit in with these strange people. Having sex with Pedder was a way to prove my choice was the right one.

But it was more than that. I liked Pedder as a man. And it didn't hurt that I felt like I had a little more choice with him. Pedder had made it obvious that he expected noting more than a fuck. It felt great to be able to seduce him a little, to offer more of what a "proper" woman would give him. It was so different from Midge who'd simply taken everything he wanted. 

So, I was beginning to understand what Geet had said about courtship in that future time. And why the whippings could be a good thing - even a turn-on.

In my room, we kissed and I grabbed his cock through his pants. Once I got it out, I didn't wait before I went to my knees for Pedder. He was a good lover and I liked the way he gave me pleasure. I was easy to kneel before him and take him into my mouth.  

"So good," he murmured and I felt a wave of pride. I like to think I am a good cocksucker and I felt good to know I could please Pedder, in that future, liberated society.

I felt him getting to just the right point. So, I stood up and, as Pedder watched with his eyes wide, I stripped for him in a single move. I wanted to offer myself to him completely. It was a strange feeling but Sarah's harsh judgement made me more determined.

As was only "proper", I turned and leaned over the bed. I wanted Pedder to know I expected to be whipped. If anything, it guaranteed we'd both be aroused and ready for some great fucking. And Pedder did not disappoint. He gave me a good ten hits with the leather strap and I let my cries ring out for him. I tried to focus on how his cock would feel inside me. But I also gave a little thought to Geet - I hoped she would hear my whipping.

We both took our time and I really enjoyed our fucking that night. Maybe its because he is not so big as Midge or maybe its just his skills with his penis. But Pedder once more showed me the benefits of a society where men were expected to learn how to pleasure a woman. I lost count of my orgasms as we both took full advantage and used each other's body to satisfy every desire.

I knew Pedder would want anal and I wanted it to. Since he'd lost his wife, and since Geet expected if of me, it made me feel good to have Pedder use my bottom. He prepared me perfectly and then I offered it to him. It was a thrill to feel his hardness buried inside my butt. I rubbed my clit while he stroked inside me and I swear I even had a little orgasm as he erupted and squirted all his lovely cum inside me.

After he'd left, I lay in bed listening to Geet and Midge. She was whipped that night as well - there was no mistaking the sounds I heard from their bedroom. When Midge started fucking her, I heard her animal sounds as she took his massive thing. Not that Geet had any troubles as she clearly loved Midge and was happy to have his enormous cock stretch her. 

I felt a little "dirty" as I lay there and listened to them. But, obviously, the whole house could hear them. I wondered what Soos thought about it. Suddenly, I realised I was still horny after Pedder. I couldn't get young Soos out of my mind. 

It was wrong to want to take out my lust on such a young woman. But, once the house was quiet, I snuck into her bedroom relieved and excited to find her still awake. Actually, Soos was naked on her bed and not at all surprised to see me. I guessed she'd been masturbating and was ready for some real action.

That night, Soos was hungry and it was she who went down on me first. She licked me so beautifully and had me cumming in no time. I held a pillow to my face to muffle my noises. She even slipped a finger into my other passage and I was surprised how good it felt, not sore at all. The sensations only made me cum even harder and scream louder.

Then Soos got out her largest vibrator and insisted on my ramming it into her. Being well trained in lesbian sex, by her mother, I licked her for a while and really focused on her clit till she had her first explosion. Then I forced the big object right inside the young woman as she writhed around the bed. 

Even though she was cumming with incredible force, I had another idea. Without asking or waiting for Soos I took one wet finger and jammed it into the naughty girl's little hole. It was so tight and so hot that I got excited again. She was cumming so loudly I knew her parents would hear us. But I decided to just "go for it". I was glad, too, because the harder and deeper I pushed my finger the more it seemed to make Soos climax.

She suckled on my breasts again that night until we both fell asleep. It was a strange feeling to be sleeping next to a woman. But I enjoyed it just the same. Itg made me feel like I'd bene missing out on something.

In the morning, Soos simply got out of bed and left the room, not even bothering to close her door. It was as if she wanted the household to know what we'd done. But I was sure everyone had heard us the night before.

Later, I went out to collect the breakfast plates from Captain Adamson. For the first time, I actually felt guilty about my sexual interactions with the household. It wasn't that I felt bad about being so sexually active. But I knew I was having a much easier, and more enjoyable time, that Sarah would experience.

I think she knew that, too, because she asked about Midge.

"Just tell me when the big farmer will come and rape me."

I said to her honestly that I didn't know. "All I know is, he will come one night when he wants to. Oh, and the other thing I know is that his penis is enormous. You'll just have to find a way to take it."

******************************************

Geet gave me some time to work with Sarah in our capsule. Somehow, Sarah and I found a way to focus on the job. Together we checked our equipment and all the systems. I got to work on re-calibrating everything while Sarah worked on the navigational stuff. The man computer was damaged and we could do nothing about that. But it looked like we'd have enough of a working machine to get us home safely - we hoped so.

It was a strange feeling to be getting close to leaving. Escape! - its what I'd been thinking about for months. But I had been starting to feel at home in that future world and a part of the household. I liked Geet, very much. In a strange way, I was closer to her than any other woman I'd known. 

Yes, we'd had great sex - my first real experience with a woman. She had shown me things and made my body respond in ways I'd not thought possible. I'd learned how amazing women's bodies are. So, there was an intimacy there. And, of course, she'd encouraged me to sleep with her daughter, Soos. Though that was more weird than intimate, I had to admit. I was part of an incestuous relationship that was normal in that society but still felt wrong.

But, somehow, we'd found a way to understand one another. I knew Geet had looked out for me and helped me to fit in. I felt like she'd helped me to be the best I could in that strange world with its ways that were so different. 

I knew I had to go "back" eventually, to my own time. Captain Adamson and I said little more to each other than was absolutely necessary while we worked. But the work was progressing well. And at night, I got to stay inside with the family and sleep in a comfortable bedroom while she stayed in the barn, tied to the mesh.

A week after Sarah arrived, Geet gathered us up and, along with Soos, took us into the town. We had an appointment with Doctor Terri and I enjoyed another ride in that fantastic, driverless car. Geet had made an appointment for both myself and Sarah. I got the impression she'd consulted with the doctor who'd decided we both needed a check-up.

Sarah went first and was in the doctor's office for a long time. Nothing was said when she finally emerged. So I took her place, grateful to have someone to talk to.

The doctor had me strip and she inspected me inside and out.

"Anal sex going alright?" she enquired. 

I wondered how she knew about that but Doctor Terri assured me that, in their society, women shared almost everything.

"Obviously, the young man needs to get some practice. That's the reason he uses you. And I am guessing, but Geet suggested that her neighbour would want to use you there as well."

I reported on what Grad had done and the fact he'd made me bleed. Doctor Terri looked concerned and ordered me to roll onto my side, with knees to my chest.

"I'll just pull your buttocks apart now," she said softly. "I'll be gentle but I need to inspect you for any tearing."

I was ready for a woman to touch me there. Until I landed in that strange world, I'd never really been intimate with a woman. Geet and Soos had changed that for the better. And the beautiful Doctor Terri had a very gentle touch. I don't mind saying it had a bit of an effect on me. For the first time in my life I was getting aroused from being inspected by a doctor.

"Hmmmm. Yes, that looks OK," she said with a smile. "I am sure you know that the anus can be a rewarding place for sex play. But you should use your butt plug more regularly. It helps to keep things nice and flexible."

I thanked Doctor Terri. I was still feeling turned-on by her touch. And I know she saw the look in my eye as I climbed down off her table.

"Oh no, Captain," she said firmly. "I am your doctor. You are the patient. And besides, I haven't joined Geet's little club."

At that moment, I felt like a slut, betraying my lust and my new interest in all things sexual. Thinking about it, it was because of all that freedom that the doctor had talked about. In that place and time, everyone is so open about sex and who they're having it with. 

I hadn't really expected the doctor to know I was having sex with Geet. I wondered if she knew about Soos as well. I pushed that thought away.

"I'm worried about Sarah," I told her, trying to keep a straight face. "Actually, its Midge I am worried about. I know he has the right to ...well, you know, he can force Sarah. But I don't know if she can take much more. And if I am going to get back where I belong ...well, I need her head straight."

Doctor Terri looked thoughtful. 

"It has been very traumatic for Captain Adamson," she agreed. "Being an outsider in this place is tough at first. But you've done very well." 

I assumed that Doctor Terri had found it even easier than me. Maybe she'd never been forced to have sex - raped.

"I was an outsider, like you," she explained. "My case was different because I had applied to come here. But, you see, to make all this sexual freedom happen, in this society there are a lot of rules." 

I nodded my agreement. I knew I still understood only half of how things worked there.
