 Another week of travel found the pair in the massive city of Praza, nestled against the coast and protected by the surrounding mountains. The architecture was a mix between rugged and magnificent; the air was thick with sea salt with the faintest hum of energy. What kind, Sira couldn't put her finger on; but the city felt distinctly alien to her.

Elanna was more relaxed walking down the crowded streets here, as if she were walking among comrades.

They soon came to a stop upon reaching a shady looking tavern, looking weather worn on the outside and not very welcoming at all with its dark wood structure. Sira halted, and Elanna noticed this, looking over her shoulder at the girl.

"Trust me; this place is fine. Just let me do the talking alright?"

Sira nodded, and they stepped inside. The air was warm and heady scent were thick - the patrons were drab and shifty, sitting at their tables and quietly staring at the newcomers with wary eyes. Sira stayed close to Elanna, unconsciously taking hold of her arm; she seemed not to mind.

The innkeeper stepped into sight, giving Sira a fright because he just seemed to appear from thin air. The robes he wore did nothing to hide the fact that he had not a body to speak of, and darkness was all that could be seen inside the hood. She was almost hiding behind the Assassin when two golden shards of light opened in the darkness.

"Elanna," the voice was ethereal and deep, but distant all the same. Like a ghost speaking through a different dimension. "It has been a while since I felt your presence here; I assume you're little pet is tethered?" the shards of light 'looked' towards her.

Sira frowned at the term; she wasn't Elanna's pet.

"Don't worry, Ytzuk; she won't tell anyone."

So that's what he meant.

'Ytzuk' seemed to accept this, and he looked back to Elanna. "I assume you'll be wanting the usual, with extra accommodation?" he drawled, suddenly seeming bored with this exchange. Elanna simply nodded, and he turned away, floating off behind the bar. He eventually came back and handed her a key, clutched by what appeared to be a hand made from shadows. Sira ignored the blood draining from her face; where were they?

Elanna wordlessly led her away, taking the broad stairs set in the corner of the room.

------

Closing the door behind her, Elanna locked it and attached the keys to her belt. Sira flopped down on one of the beds; there were two of them with a bedside table and soft carpet between them. A large window let the fading sun in on one bed, whilst Sira had settled on the bed closest to the door. A fireplace was set on the opposite wall to the beds, and another carpet was laid in front of it. A mahogany desk was next to the door, with a wardrobe settled in the corner.

Turning, Elanna quirked a brow at the girl and shook her head. "No, no, no. Up," she strode across to her and tapped Sira's leg. Sitting up, Sira tilted her head at the Assassin, "what?"

Elanna gave her an unimpressed look, "sleep on the other bed."

Sira only looked puzzled, "why?"

Elanna frowned, "because I say so."

Sira frowned back; what was going on? She decided to leave it for now, and obliged, getting up and moving over to the other bed, further from the door. "What is this place?" she asked, flopping down at the bed and lacing her hands behind her head. She watched, quietly awaiting the answer, as Elanna unbuckled the heavier parts of her clothing, draping them over the back of the chair at the desk. The leather gauntlets and thick belt were set on top of it though. Pushing her hood down, Elanna sat down on the edge of her bed, leaning down to remove her boots. "Lets call it a 'refuge' for the socially damned; where people similar to me can go without being killed on sight for being what they are. You should have noticed that thrum in the air when we got here; there's many creatures of mystic and dark origin here."

Sira mulled this over for a moment, before a soft sigh passed her lips. "Are you alright?"

Elanna stiffened at the question, and looked over her shoulder, a guarded stare meeting Sira's own. "Yeah...fine."

Silence hung in the air as they merely stared at one another, neither willing to look away first. However, Elanna finally averted her eyes, slipping off her boots and setting them aside. She'd reacted like the question was completely alien and unwelcome; Sira didn't really feel surprised by that. It was likely no one had ever asked her such a thing.

"Why are we here?"

Elanna sighed heavily, "I'm tired, Sira. Lets talk in the morning, alright?" 

Sira stared at the half-breed's back for a moment, "sure; good night, Elanna."

-----

It was well into the night when Sira awoke, comfortable and warm from the bed covers. It had been a while since she slept so well; but a sound had woken her up. Mumbling and muttering, incoherent whispers that made chills run down her spine. Sitting up slowly, she looked around; the room was dark and shadowy. Moonlight came in through the window, but not enough light to help her see that much.

The whispering was coming from Elanna, and Sira slipped out of her bed, carefully stepping over to the other woman. She was shifting and growling every now and then; in the midst of an unpleasant dream? Sira frowned and leaned down, gently resting her hands on Elanna's shoulder.

The half-breed's eyes snapped open, glowing shards of crimson fire in the darkness; she hissed, deep and harsh. Lunging from the bed, Sira had no time to react as Elanna threw her to the floor, pinning her there with hands above her head. "Elanna! It's me!" she shrieked, fear clear in her voice as she stared at those terrible burning eyes.

Elanna's breathing was heavy and quick, her teeth bared before recognition flashed across her face. She slowly relaxed and the redness dimmed from her eyes until the glowing stopped; they became ice blue again. "Sira...?" she sounded - Sira had to think that over again, because she could swear Elanna almost sounded afraid.

She swallowed hard, trying to ignore her own fear. "It's me...it's just me," she said softly.

Elanna was quiet for a few seconds, before she let go of Sira's wrists, and looked away. "I'm sorry..." she murmured, "I thought you were-" she stopped, and shook her head, gritting her teeth. "It doesn't matter...are you okay?"

Sira closed her eyes, gently rubbing her wrists. "Yeah;fine."

Elanna helped the girl to her feet, and quickly turned away. "Next time just leave me be..." she muttered, slipping under the sheets of her bed again and facing away from Sira.

Silence prevailed once more, and Sira frowned to herself. What was that just now? She'd never seen the other like that before. Shaking her head, Sira crawled back into bed and curled up under the sheets; better she just sleep for now.