 Nina looked down as she walked, keeping a quick pace as she did so. She didn't want to look anyone in the eye and she wanted to get home ASAP. Get away from any prying eyes who might see her horrible attempt at being more fashionable.

Nina was not exactly what one would call "sexy" by any stretch of the word. She had long dark hair that was a tangled mess on a good day. Her glasses weren't the least bit fashionable. She was thin, but more in the sense that she resembled a creepypasta monster than a supermodel. Much to her distress, she was an A-Cup, and that was being generous. "Bee stings" she'd heard them called when her friends thought she couldn't hear. Her ass was flat as a pancake.

If that wasn't bad enough, the poor girl had absolutely no fashion sense. She wanted to lean into a goth aesthetic and perhaps offset her strangeness, but all she could manage was wearing black clothes and lipstick. Finally she had had enough and took the plunge. She ordered a victorian style gothic dress for over two hundred dollars. This ill-advised leap into the deep end of the goth fashion pool had gone about as well as one would expect. 

The dress arrived, she tried it on, and it fit like a tent on a cactus. Inexperienced as she was, Nina was ecstatic. She tried it on and made the second mistake of wearing it out of the house on a trip to a retro game store near her house. While still wearing tennis shoes. White tennis shoes. Needless to say she didn't even make it two blocks before her smile evaporated. She could see passersby giving her strange looks and hear them giggle after she had passed. Heartbroken, Nina turned on her heels and power walked back to her apartment, fighting tears back.

It's safe to say that every girl knows this pain. Trying to kick a field goal with your look and falling short of the goal by about forty yards. The healthy thing to do is have a good cry, then pick yourself back up and try again. For Nina however, she would not even make it back home before events would become significantly more complicated and bizarre.

Just as Nina was rounding the corner to her home, a truck carrying a trailer full of an experimental new beauty formula was struck by lightning, and spun onto it's side. Poor Nina was so preoccupied by her own tragic circumstances that she never even saw the truck as it collided with the street light next to her, and the trailer behind it exploded. She couldn't even scream before the strange, blue fluid blasted into her and knocked her through a storefront display. The last thing she felt was the lightning-charged, viscous substance filling her lungs and soaking into every inch of her body, then she faded into unconsciousness.

The next thing Nina knew she was in a hospital bed with a splitting headache. Every beep of the EKG drilled a hole into her skull. As her blurry vision focused, she saw a man in a white labcoat standing in front of her bed.

"Oh good, you're awake" the man said, and approached her bedside.

"Where-" Nina tried to speak, but the voice that came out was completely alien to her. Instead of a raspy croak, her voice sounded melodious, like a string windchimes blowing in a summer breeze. Her eyes went wide in surprise and confusion.

"Try not to be alarmed, Ms. Crenshaw," her doctor interrupted. "First let me say that you are going to be fine. You've been unconscious for a while, but you are otherwise in remarkably good health all things considered.

The doctor paused for a moment and Nina breathed a sigh of relief, her growing panic easing a bit. Then the other shoe dropped.

"Now that being said, the fluid you ingested during the accident has had some... side effects. We still don't completely understand it, but it... It changed you, Ms. Crenshaw."

Nina's eyes went wide again. Was this why her voice had changed? Before the doctor could continue Nina sat up and ran for the floor-length mirror in the corner of the hospital room. The nurse tried to stop her but the doctor held her back.

"Let her see for herself," the doctor said in an ominous tone.

Nina approached the mirror, her hand shaking. The woman staring back at her was not her. There was no way it could be her. She moved her hand. The mirror woman moved as well. She stared, disbelieving, at the drop dead gorgeous pornstar of a woman that stared back.

First and foremost, she was no longer an A cup. She had graduated to a G cup at least. Her massive orbs fought against the fabric of the hospital gown, and Nina had to wonder how they had even gotten it on her to begin with. There wasn't enough material left to actually cover Nina's ass, which had swelled from a pancake to two juicy spheres in perfect symmetry. Her legs, once stick thin, were now quite muscular and shiny smooth. Her thighs in particular stood out with great definition. All the hair had vanished as if it had never been there to begin with. She noticed that she was actually even taller now, standing at roughly six foot two.

Nina examined her face more closely. Her eyes were electric blue now and shone like diamonds. Her hair had become platinum blonde and wavy. Instead of being a tangled mess however, it flowed beautifully down her back to just above her perky ass. Her lips were now full and pillowy. "God I'd love to wrap these around a monster of a cock" she thought, and then froze. Why had she thought that? It was such an alien thought to her.

"As you can see..." the doctor said, interrupting her from going down this rabbit hole, "whatever that fluid was, it has had a dramatic impact on your body. We'd like to keep you for a while for observ-"

"I want to go home" Nina said, her melodious voice hiding the fear and panic consuming her.

"You... what?" The doctor said in confusion.

"I. Want. To. Go. Home" Nina said in a commanding tone, her electric eyes boring holes into him.

The doctor looked as though he would protest, but gave in quickly. Nina gathered her things and was out the door in minutes. No one dared question the towering goddess with such fierce eyes. The hospital lent her whatever clothes they could find that would fit, as her clothes had been destroyed in the accident and she had no friends to get a loan from. An old hoodie, faded jeans, and tennis shoes were all she wore as she left. Even in such ragged street clothes, her new body was strikingly radiant. She could feel half the eyes in the hospital glued to her ass as she headed out.

It was a long walk home so Nina called for a cab. The first one to stop was driven by a middle-aged white man in his forties. She stepped in, and heard the man gasp when he saw her face. "Wh-Wh-Where to, ma'am?" he managed to say. His hands shook as he awaited her answer.

Nina gave him her answer, and upon hearing her voice he saw the man's eyes roll back into his head a bit. She heard him audibly groan and clutch his groin. Did he just cum? From just the sound of her voice? The man quickly started the car and headed out, looking deeply embarrassed. Nina didn't make a sound for the rest of the drive. What on earth had happened to her?

When Nina arrived home, she tipped the driver extra for his trouble and he took it, still flustered and deeply embarrassed. He sped off down the street like a bat out of hell as she hurried into her apartment.

"Okay, first thing's first" Nina said to herself, still not used to her new voice. "What else has changed?"

Nina stripped down in front of her bathroom mirror. Her chest jutted outward as soon as she unzipped the hoodie. Even that wasn't loose enough to restrain them completely, apparently. Her ass jiggled as well when she freed it from it's denim prison, and it took a bit of effort to peel them off her legs.

For the first time she saw her pussy, and flushed with embarrassment. It had swelled quite a bit and there was a moistness leaking down her thigh. Such a thing had never happened to her before. She noticed it now, an ache between her legs. A need she had never felt before for something that barely fit to slide between her pussy lips and deep into her. Fluid visibly gushed from her pussy at this thought and she let out a moan. Nina couldn't take it anymore. Without thinking, she slid her pussy against the corner of the bathroom sink and let out a cry as it slid into her. It didn't' penetrate far, but the width of it made her squeal. Using her left hand to steady herself, her right hand shot for one of her breasts. She grabbed a palm full of her massive orb and let out another squeal. She thrust her hips forward against the sink and began bucking wildly. She had never felt pleasure like this before. She licked her lips and pinched her nipple. There was a bit of pain in this but it paled in comparison to the burst of pleasure and excitement.

"Oh, FUCK" Nina yelled loud enough for her neighbors to hear, and came hard. Nina had of course masturbated before. Before her accident, she would sit at her laptop, look at nude models of men and even women, and finger herself. She didn't always cum, and when she did it was a minor affair. She would sigh and shudder, then go about her business.

This orgasm against the bathroom sink, however, was an entirely different experience altogether. Waves of pleasure ripped through her body like a hurricane tearing a beach apart. Her pussy gushed and squirted the mirror with her juice. Her body shook and convulsed for a full minute and a half before she collapsed in a heap on the floor, trying to catch her breath.

Nina lay there for a few more minutes, her mind racing as she tried to put together what had happened to her, but then a thought occurred to her. Did it matter? When she could experience pleasure like that, did anything matter anymore other than more pleasure? This thought shifted her whole world. Isn't this what she had always wanted? She had a body that others would trade their souls for. She could wear a plastic bag outside and she could still get men to cum with just the sound of her voice.

Perhaps it was selfish, but she'd spent her whole life in a cage looking out at others enjoying life. What was wrong with letting loose, if just for a while?

She would need a wardrobe change, for sure. And it wouldn't be a bad idea to learn some makeup, if only for the artistry of it as she clearly didn't need it for beauty. Still, she decided this was something she wanted and goddammit she was gonna see it through.

...Tomorrow. She would see it through tomorrow. For the rest of the night, Nina laid on the bathroom floor in a quivering mess as she gave herself orgasm after orgasm. Her stamina was incredible, and she finger fucked herself until the light of dawn told her to stop. Nina had big plans and she intended to see them through.