 Nina found herself overwhelmed. She stood at the center of the largest mall in town. Clothed in her ratty hoodie, jeans, and tennis shoes that the hospital loaned her after her accident (none of her old clothes fit), she still got plenty of looks from passersby. One old man even wolf whistled at her as she passed, and though she hated to admit it, she'd felt a gush of moistness drip down her thigh.

First things first, Nina needed new clothes. She had plenty of options in a mall this huge, so the real question was what style did she want? Before the accident, she'd wanted to go goth, but was that still what she wanted? She didn't exactly have options before, but now she could try anything.

Nina closed her eyes, spun around, opened her eyes again, and headed for the first clothing store she saw. It was, of all things, an adult fetish store. Nina had never been to a store like this, and flushed red at the thought, but she curiosity got the better of her and she headed on in.

The man behind the counter was in his late thirties, balding, and heavy-set. He took one look at her, and then went back to minding his own business. Huh. She found it oddly reassuring that not every man in the world would find her irresistible.

The store's interior was dimly lit for atmosphere, with neon signs hanging from the walls advertising sections. She saw a sign marked "WOMEN'S APPAREL" and headed over to take a look. It was quite a large section, with a variety of costumes and accessories on hangers. Most of the items were sexy nurse outfits and the like, but a few seemed appropriate to wear outside a bedroom. One dress in particular caught her eye. It was bright pink latex, sleeveless, and just barely covered her groin. Would pink really be a good style for her? She was a blonde now so maybe it would. 

She checked the size availability and grabbed a bunch just to be sure, then headed into a changing room. The largest dress fit like a glove. It hugged her ass just right and squeezed her massive tits just so they gave the impression that they would spill out at a moment's notice. The color and material made her look like an absolute slut and she had to admit she loved it. She couldn't help but notice that the moistness making it's way down her thigh was clearly visible in this outfit, and oddly that thought excited her even more. She changed back and grabbed a matching pair of pink stiletto heels with it (her shoe size had actually not changed at all surprisingly) and wore the complete outfit out of the store. The sight of a blonde, six foot goddess with electric eyes in a latex dress turned the stares from before into jaw dropping. She smiled and walked with a sway to her hips. Where to next?

Nina decided the best thing to do next would be to get her nails done by a professinal as that was one of the few things untouched by her accident, so she stopped by the nearest salon. She walked through the door and headed to the counter. The salon was surprisingly empty. The girl working behind the desk was maybe in her late twenties. She had a very unflattering figure but made up for it with her sense of style. Black nails, black lipstick, lace everything. Nina was actually quite impressed with how well the woman's style made up for her lack of natural beauty. The woman was reading a trashy paperback romance novel and didn't notice. Nina did a polite cough to get her attention and when the woman looked up at her she gave Nina a deer in the headlights look. The woman's eyes went wide and took Nina's figure up and down and when her gaze landed on Nina's beautiful cleavage, Nina saw a familiar look cross the woman's face. She flashed back to the cab driver from the night before and knew what came next. The poor woman's eyes rolled back into her head and she let out a soft moan that lasted a good twenty seconds. Nina felt her own juices flowing and became acutely aware of the burning need between her thighs. The woman returned to her senses, but with no escape in sight from the situation, the woman just stared into Nina's electric eyes, fear and confusion on her face.

Nina didn't say anything. She couldn't. There were no words she knew in the moment to communicate what she knew could resolve the tension. She felt a burning, raging fire in her loins and this beauty queen wanted to fix it. She flipped the store's sign to "Closed", took the woman by the hand and without a word led her into the salon's backroom, then shut the door.

In an instant the woman's lips were on Nina's, and she felt hands squeezing her plump ass. The woman's other hand groped at her breasts, trying to free them from their latex prison. Nina kissed her back furiously, one hand clutching the woman by the hair and the other reaching down to unbutton the woman's jeans. With dexterity she had not expected, Nina unbuttoned them with one hand and slid them down the woman's thighs, exposing white lace panties with a moist stain across the front. Nina thrust her tongue down the woman's throat and slipped a hand down her panties. She found the woman's clit and began toying with it, sliding it between her thumb and pointer finger. The woman let out a deep moan and clutched at Nina's breast like she was drowning and they were her only salvation.

Taking the lead, Nina pushed the woman to the ground suddenly and stood over her. A flash of surprise crossed the woman's face, and then she grinned as Nina hiked her skirt up around her hips and promptly sat on the woman's face. The woman gratefully buried her face into Nina's pussy and Nina couldn't help but cry out in an operatic tone as her tongue slipped inside her. 

Nina started bucking like a cowgirl on the woman's face, her massive tits now free from her dress bouncing wildly about. Their weight of her still very new breasts thrashing about nearly threw Nina off balance but she gripped the woman's hair and pulled to steady herself. The woman let out a muffled squeal and Nina felt hands groping her ass and squeezing at whatever flesh she could fit in her hands.

The woman was clearly experienced in the art of cunnilingus and kept Nina teetering on the edge of climax for quite some time before finally letting her cum, and Nina came hard. Much harder than the night before on the kitchen sink. A gush of fluid exploded from Nina's pussy right into the woman's face and she cried out loud enough for shoppers outside to hear. To her surprise, the woman came with her, and let out a gurgled cry as the excessive fluid Nina had squirted filled her throat.

Nina continued sitting on the woman's face for a good forty seconds as the simultaneous orgasms shuddered through the both of them, before finally rolling off the woman and laying next to her on the office floor. As she tried to catch her breath, she noticed the woman making strange gurgling noises. She turned to look and gasped in surprise. The woman's eyes were rolled back in her head and she was spasming uncontrollably.

Nina felt panic creep over her. Had she somehow given this woman a seizure? That was impossible, right? Then she noticed the woman's chest swelling, her face shifting, her hair becoming lighter and lighter. The woman was changing just like she had during the accident!

Nina watched as the woman's hair grew longer and curled out, slowly becoming platinum blonde. Her face shifted around, skin tightening in places where wrinkles had begun to appear. The woman's breasts ballooned out at an alarming speed, her lace top tearing in half from the force of it revealing two lovely pierced nipples the size of fingertips. The woman's legs splayed outward, growing longer and longer. Nina's gaze shifted to the woman's pretty white panties now soaking wet from several orgasms in a row, and noticed a strange bulge stretching the fabric. Suddenly the panties burst open and a cock sprung outward, already a good fourteen inches and still growing longer and wider. Nina gasped at the sight of it. She hadn't grown a cock, so why had this woman? Did whatever this process was affect people that differently?

Nina knew she should get help but she couldn't turn away. Her curiosity was too great to resist. Two minutes passed and finally the woman ceased her spasms and opened her eyes. They had become bright green and shone like emeralds, and were wide with terror.

"Wh-What...?" The woman said, getting her barings. The woman's voice was actually deeper than it had been before, but otherwise had none of the musical tones Nina's had. 

Yet another difference in their transformations. Before Nina could say anything the woman looked down and shrieked. Her brand new cock now stood proudly erect at eighteen inches, an impossible length for anyone to take all at once. The woman still had a vaginal opening under her cock and had not grown balls, but her clit was gone, replaced by this beautiful monster which was now leaking a trail of precum down it's length.

Nina was amazed no one from outside had run in to investigate, and quickly put a hand over the woman's mouth.

"Shhh..." Nina said in her most calming tone. "Don't worry, we can figure this out together. Please, don't panic. I will go out and get you some new clothes and you can come home with me and we WILL figure this out together. Nod if you understand."

The woman was silent for a moment, then nodded.

Nina removed her hand and stood up. Pulling her dress back down over what little skin it covered, Nina took one last look at the woman. She was staring down in shock at her monstrous penis, now forming a small puddle of cum on the floor. Nina sighed, and the cock gave a small spurt as the girl's eyes fluttered. They would have to clean that up before they left. Who actually owned this store anyway? Nina suddenly realized that had put absolutely no thought into this entire encounter and might have to pay dearly for this mess. She needed to move quickly, but one more thing needed clearing up before she went on her errand.

"What's your name, anyway?" Nina said to the woman, now running her hands through her new shiny blonde curls.

The woman's cock spurted again at the sound of Nina's voice, but she did her best to stay focused this time. "My name's Mercedes" the woman said. "...Am I going to get fired?"

Nina couldn't help but laugh. "With tits that big and a fire hose like that between your legs, do you even need this job anymore?" She responded. Maybe it wasn't the most sensitive thing to say, but it might help to look on the positive side.

Mercedes stared at her in confusion, still clearly in shock, and then went back to exploring her new body. Nina took that as her cue to get going. Whatever was happening, this woman was her responsibility and she intended to take care of her.