 Rustic the dwarf had put a fair distance between himself and Morag the witch. He was in the far west of the woodlands kingdom and came to a village where a spring fair was in full swing.

It was a jolly occasion with people, pixies, goblins and elves dancing around a maypole. There were people dancing and drinking and generally enjoying themselves.

A man approached Rustic and asked him if he would like to earn some money. Now as Rustic had been robbed by Lizzie the pixie he needed some money badly and readily agreed to do anything for a few silver coins. The man informed Rustic that he was required to be the dwarf in the dwarf throwing contest as the previous contestant had not turned up.

Gron and Grun were the two giants competing in the competition. These two were real giants. Standing twelve foot tall with broad shoulders and leg like tree trunks they were in the peak of giant fitness. They had the same proportions as normal men, just scaled up. They may have been a hundred years old but they looked like men in their late twenties.

The contest was marked on style and distance and each giant got three throws. Rustic was told to strip to his breeches as he was going to get wet. 

Gron went first, taking Rustic by the arms he span around twice and released the dwarf towards the village pond.

"Whoaahhh!" shouted Rustic as he flew through the air.

He landed with a big splash in the pond, surfaced and swam to the edge. He climbed out of the pond and walked back to the start line.

Grun tried holding Rustic by his feet for his first turn and it was quite effective, but the method of holding one foot and one hand produced the longest distance.

The crowd cheered enthusiastically at each throw and Rustic howled each time he flew through the air.

Now in this particular village lived a giantess by the name of Gilda. Standing eleven feet tall, she was a big beautiful creature. All the right curves in all the right places, but just that much more of everything. With flaming red hair and big red lips she was a real looker.

Gilda had promised Gron and Grun that she would go to the barn for fun and frolics with the winner of the contest.

The village blacksmith was the judge and he declared Gron the winner by a nose. Gilda said that as it was so close she would take both of them to the barn for fun and frolics.Taking them both by the hand, she led them off towards the big hay barn, followed by a group of voyeurs aged between eighteen and eighty.

Rustic lay down in the sun to dry off.

Once in the barn Gilda started kissing Gron whilst Grun stood behind her rubbing her bum through her skirts with his big rough hands. Gilda unlaced Gron's shirt and rubbed his big hairy chest. He unlaced his breeches and let them fall to his ankles. She took his huge cock in her hand and rubbed it. Grun lifted her skirts and grabbed hold of her knickers. He pulled them down and she stepped out of them.

Grun threw Gilda's knickers over his shoulder and a farmer's lad ran in, picked them up and ran out with them in his hands.

"A groat for a sniff!" he shouted, waving them over his head like a flag.

Gilda pushed Gron and he fell back onto the straw covered floor. Gilda gathered up her skirts around her waist and straddled him. She positioned her sex above his face and lowered herself onto him. The sight of that thick red bush approaching his face made him moan with pleasure and stick his tongue out as far as he could.

"Ooooh! Uuunnnh!" cried Gilda as she felt his tongue make contact with her cunt.

Gron munched on her, giving her a shuddering orgasm. Gilda's cunt juice ran out of her by the bucketful, nearly drowning the poor giant.

Gilda lifted herself off of Gron's face and shuffled down to his erect cock. Now a giant's cock is big, the shaft is about the same size as a grown man's forearm and the cock head is the size of a clenched fist. Gilda took hold of Gron's huge cock and positioned it at the opening of her hot wet cunt. She sat back and it slipped effortlessly inside her, all the way.

They both let out a groan of passion. Gilda had not been filled like that in a long time, she loved the feeling of that huge cock filling her up.

Grun had stripped whilst Gron had been eating Gilda and he had coated his huge cock liberally with lube. He squatted behind her and introduced the tip of his cock to her anus.

"Stick it in you dirty bastard!" she cried.

Grun thrust forward and his cock head disappeared up Gilda's back passage.

"Fuck, you are tight," he moaned as he pushed more of it in her.

Gilda shook her head and groaned as she pushed back against the two thrusting cocks, trying to get as much giant meat in her as possible.

Both Gron and Grun let out long low groans as they came, sending vast amounts of their seed into Gilda's cunt and ass.

Gilda let out a loud shriek as she experienced the most intense orgasm of her long life.

The voyeurs watching through the gaps in the barn walls all had their cocks in their hands, wanking furiously as the three giants reached their climax. The barn walls were soon running with spunk.

The landlord of the village tavern offered Rustic a free room for the night as a gesture of his appreciation of the entertainment he and the giants had put on. The giants offered Rustic a permanent position as their projectile and he agreed. 

After all the festivities had finished the giants went to sleep with Gilda in the big barn and Rustic went up to his room in the tavern.

Rustic undressed and climbed into the big soft bed in his room. He felt comfortable and relaxed as he began to doze off. There was a gentle knock at his door and Rustic invited whoever it was in.

The bedroom door opened and in walked two very pretty pixie girls. One had very pale green hair and the other had hair the color of pink candy floss. Rustic asked who they were and what were they doing up at this time of night. The one with the green hair informed him that she was named Lucy and her friend was Lottie and they worked as barmaids in the tavern and wanted to meet the brave, daring, flying dwarf in person.

Rustic sat up in bed and welcomed them to his chamber. He asked them their ages and was told that they were both nineteen. They slipped off their slippers, crossed the room and got into bed with him, one either side. Rustic put an arm around each and gave them a squeeze. The pixie girls giggled.

Lottie reached under the eiderdown and wrapped her fingers around Rustic's semi stiff penis. She moved her hand up and down a few times and his penis hardened fully. Lucy smiled at him, shrugged her shoulders and disappeared under the covers. Rustic let out a groan of pleasure as he felt his stiff cock being licked by her.

As Lucy was kneeling on the bed licking Rustic's cock, he was presented with the sight of her lovely little derriere next to his face. He could see her pussy lips through the sheer material of her gossamer panties. Rustic began to drool a bit. Lottie took hold of his beard and pulled his head around so he faced her, and kissed him.

Lucy stopped licking his cock and went down on it. Rustic gave a muffled moan as he felt her take it in her mouth. Rustic's left arm was wrapped around Lottie, squeezing her tight as they kissed and his right hand was rubbing furiously at Lucy's cunt through the gossamer material of her panties.

Rustic could hear muffled moans coming from under the eiderdown as Lucy became aroused at his touch. Lucy reached behind her as she sucked the dwarf and, taking hold of her panties, slipped them down over her bum to halfway down her thighs. Rustic slipped his two middle fingers in her now dripping wet cunt.

The sucking got more intense as Lucy got closer to climax. Rustic was shoving his fingers in and out of her for all he was worth, wanting to make her come before he did. As it turned out, they climaxed at the same time. Rustic felt the pixie girl's cunt squeeze his fingers in little pulses as she had her orgasm and he felt his juice spew forth from his twitching cock in squirts.

Lucy reappeared from under the covers with a big smile on her face. She climbed on top of Rustic and knelt, waiting. Lottie broke away from the embrace and offered her mouth to her friend. Lucy kissed Lottie open-mouthed and Rustic could see his spunk being transferred from one girl's mouth to the other.

Both girls looked him in the eye, open their mouths to show him his seed and then swallowed.

"Phwooaar!" exclaimed the dwarf.

Lottie said that she should get to come just like her friend did so she pulled her gossamer panties down and lay on the bed with her legs drawn up and spread. Rustic rolled over, knelt up and looked at her. She was a real beauty. Her long slim legs were so smooth. Her dainty feet with their fine tapered toes were so cute, but most of all her candy floss pink pubic bush was a delight to behold.

Rustic put his middle finger to her cunt. He pushed it ever so gently in her up to the first joint. Lottie gave a little squeak of pleasure. Rustic could feel the wetness. He withdrew his finger and sucked it . He leaned down and put his mouth to her cunt, poked his tongue out and began to lick the sweet pixie juice that was running from her.

Rustic gave Lottie a good licking, paying particular attention to her clitoris. Within a couple of minutes she was writhing and squealing as she began to climax.

"oooh yes! Just there! Ooooh!" she cried as she felt herself come.

Rustic's beard was soaking wet when he finally came up for air, a huge grin on his face.

The two pixie girls removed their dresses and their bras and nestled down either side of him. Rustic put an arm around each one and they all drifted off to sleep.