 This story takes place years after the events of "The Puzzlebox Curse." The world has become a strange place full of sexual magic that transforms and feminizes.

*****

"Boom! Head shot!" It was Sunday, and Maggie was getting the last bit of relaxation out of the way before a rather grueling week of coursework would begin. She needed to blow off steam. Actually, she was really hyped up. It had been a while since she had engaged in some silly digital violence.

"Ah, come on!" her roommate complained. "I fucking had you that time!"

"Oh, bullshit! My sniper perch was perfect that time."

"Alright. Maybe it was, but I think next time, I'll not handicap myself with my lower arms." Beth had been altered by something or another a year ago, and her legs had been replaced by a pair of arms. It was both a handicap and an asset.

"Maybe next weekend. I needed that, though."

"Well, when you have to dump a boyfriend for cheating, it helps to kill things." There was a pause for reflection. Then, "Are you dropping by the grocery story tonight? I could use a few things."

"I wasn't planning on it. I guess I could use the fresh air, though." What was with her? Since she dumped her boyfriend on Friday, she had been really frisky. Maybe she just needed a new squeeze.

"Yeah, you were a bit more fierce than usual with the double katanas. A walk would do you some good." They gathered some shopping bags and the pushcart and got to the door. Given her lack of legs, Beth had to piggyback on Maggie. Sure, she could use her wheelchair, but it was just easier to do this with friends. Beth had long thought that something about her own transformation had made her more affectionate. Something about hugging someone with all four of her arms made her feel really cozy and connected. Oddly enough, most people didn't seem to mind after an embrace or two.

They clambered out of the apartment as they planned their week, Maggie getting a lot of exercise from the haul. And how. She walked like she was training for a speed walking competition, almost breaking into a jog. Beth had to complain a few times about the rough jostling to get her to slow down, but they got there without any spills.

The market itself was a nice mid-range place that advertised a lot of organic and natural foods but also had a good selection of inexpensive produce. They made good time, moving through the aisles efficiently, Beth hanging off of the side of the cart like a monkey to grab the various items. At the checkout line, Maggie found herself to be more flirtatious than usual, and she even gave the cashier her number. Beth didn't think he was handsome or clever enough to warrant such attentions, but she conceded that Maggie's behavior was normal for a recently singled girl.

Classes reconvened the next morning, and Maggie's focus was really bipolar. In one moment, she was furiously jotting notes- and notes about her notes. The next, she was looking over at some dude's ass. This was the weirdest rebound, she thought. She hit the campus convenience store after her afternoon class and picked up a pack of condoms, since she realized that she needed to get a one-night stand out of her system. 

Then, she saw a little island by the personal items. Oh dear, she thought. It was one of those Be Your Sexiest!® things. When all of the weirdness entered the world, corner stores, mall islands, and super markets would spontaneously gain a Be Your Sexiest!® rack of items. Somehow, the stores' purchasing systems would have their bar coding and inventory management updated to account for the items, and shopkeepers would hypnotically sell the goods, even after they had been instructed to refuse their sale. Fortunately, the "products" did not have permanent effects, and someone even developed an app to track when a store carried them.

Given her mood, Maggie felt compelled to take a look. All of the packaging featured lewd pictures and erotic slogans, and Maggie felt a sudden jolt of sexual energy. If she was going to sleep with a random guy like she planned, some of these items might help. She'd heard the horror stories, of course, but really, the only long-term effect of any of the Be Your Sexiest!® stuff was embarrassment, and these days, people tended to forgive you for some sort of bizarre impropriety. There were various toiletries, sexual aids, and lingerie on the shelf. Eventually, she picked out a razor with shaving gel, a pack of assorted condoms, and a dildo, since she could in fact strike out. She even made sure to read the labels, since you never knew what these things would do. They were generally vague, and people tended to complain that they understated the side-effects. Her purchases were:

Be Your Sexiest!® Smooth and Beautiful Razor and Shaving Gel

****

We guarantee you have the smoothest and longest lasting shave that you have ever had! This product will never nick your skin, and it handles so well that you will not want to put it down until you are glaborously fabulous! Be ready to be fabulous!

****

Warning: Completely wash off the shaving gel, since hair growth suppressants in the shaving gel can cause various side effects.

Be Your Sexiest!® Transform Your Knight Condoms (6 Assorted)

****

Latex condoms are uncomfortable and so unsexy, so we created a magical material that practically disappears! Cumsluts, rejoice, for this condom doesn't stop the jizm! It removes all biological pathogens and sperm, making sex safe and spoogetastically messy!

****

Warning: Without partnered sexual release, priapism may occur. Erections may last as long as 48 hours or until external assistance is given.

Be Your Sexiest!® Guaranteed Orgasm Dildo (Blue)

****

Sometimes, a girl (or an adventurous boy) needs a good, hard fucking. A finger can rub a clit for that nice orgasm, but only a phallus, real or rubber, can give you that deep down orgasm. We guarantee that this dildo will not let you down!

****

Warning: Prolonged use can lead to vulva or anal discoloration lasting up to two weeks.

Back at home, Maggie set to work on her class assignments. She was distracted, yes, but she was also a good student. She had three papers to write for the week, plus one problem set. Papers were getting easier and easier for her, since she became a practiced writer, but that problem set... Maggie was not a math person, but even with her English major, she had to complete a math class. It was frustrating, so she set it aside. She needed to finish one paper for tomorrow. By ten p.m., she was happy with her paper. It was time to go to a club and get some strange.

Quickly, she showered. She pulled out the new razor and set to work. That box was right! The razor easily did the job in one pass and left a pleasant tingling sensation in its wake. As she worked her armpits, she found that she could be as careless as she wanted, because despite the unearthly keenness of the blade, it wouldn't knick. After her pits, she went after her legs, and somehow the razor guided her hand over her snatch. She generally kept a trimmed landing strip, but she was compelled to shave it bare, and suddenly, she was both proud of the job and awed by the power of magic.

In truth, it was her first real experience with magic. Oh, she knew people who had been affected- her apartment mate was one of them- but it had never been personal before. She followed those instructions about cleaning away the remaining foam, and she felt her skin. Even going against the grain, it was utterly devoid of the slightest stubble. It actually felt really sexy to her, and she realized that felt another compulsion- show off. 

She hit her closet and found a party dress. Yes, she had one, since her first roommate insisted on taking her clubbing when she was a freshman. To be honest, she didn't enjoy the experience at the time, but she was seeing Trey at the time. She put on her most ridiculous push-up bra and started to pull up her panties when all of a sudden, her arms wouldn't respond. She let them drop to the floor, and she was back in full control. A couple more tries showed Maggie that she simply could not make herself put underwear on. Well, that was strange.

"Hey, Beth!" she called.

"Wazzup!"

"Could you come here for a minute?"

Beth crawled into the room. "Jeez, Maggie, cover up!"

"I, uh, can't, so I wanted your help."

"What do you mean you can't?"

"I think it's the razor I bought. I used a Be Your Sexiest!® razor I got at the store," Maggie said sheepishly.

"Oh. Why the hell would you do that?"

"Look, I really want to get laid right now- I think it's a rebound thing- so I figured that I'd use some of their stuff." Maggie's face was flush. This all might be a mistake.

"Uh huh. It's a good thing that it's not permanent like my condition. Alright, you want me to put the panties on you?"

"Yes, please."

Maggie sat on the floor and lifted her legs, but once Beth got the feet through the leg holes, Maggie involuntarily struggled. "Oh, come on!" Beth said.

"I... I'm sorry. I guess this stuff really puts the zap on you. I guess I'll go without."

"You're still going?" At this point, Maggie could practically see Beth's respect for her drain away.

"I think so. Look, I don't usually do this kind of stuff. Just think of it as catharsis."

"Alright. Just make sure your hair and makeup is crazy, so no one will recognize you."

"Good idea." Maggie put on her party dress, even though the skirt only went down about a third of the way to her knees. She quickly put her hair in pigtails, caked on the makeup, and spritzed herself with this glitter spray she impulsively bought six months ago. It was getting close to midnight, so Maggie rushed out, almost forgetting how exposed she was. The late night air quickly reminded her, though, and she felt a rush of adrenaline and undirected passion.

The club was only six blocks from campus, and it was not too busy. It was a Monday night, after all, and most folks had morning classes. Still, Maggie bravely entered and headed for the dance floor. The numbers were not in her favor, though. That was a problem these days, since magic seemed to skew the sex ratio. There were a few weird creatures that would feed on maleness, and some people used magical spells to curse men with unwanted femininity. A girl couldn't be too picky, so Maggie looked at her options.

There was one guy on the dance floor alone, and he was a terrible dancer. He seemed to try, yes, but he was just failing badly. Maggie figured she'd give it a shot. Her mood was lowering her standards, but as she got closer, she realized he didn't seem so bad. He wasn't a movie star, but he looked fine. Maggie moved even faster when she saw a competitor also considering him.

"Wanna Dance?" she shouted.

"I already am!" he said.

"Riiight... How about with me?"

"Oh. Yeah, I'll dance with you."

Maggie moved close. She was going to get this done. Ordinarily, she wouldn't take a risk, but she pulled his hand onto her waist and to get things moving. The unnamed young man looked at her with a bit of a shocked look. He was clearly unused to this sort of behavior in women, and Maggie only hoped that her forwardness was not too much.

After a half minute of awkward half dancing, he asked, "What's your name?"

Great, Maggie though. He doesn't get the whole scene. Well, no matter. "M..." She realized that she might not want to state her full name, but she finally decided to give it. "Maggie."

"I'm Josh."

"Hi, Josh. Look, I'm going to be honest. I want to get laid tonight." She could barely believe she was saying this. At the moment, she almost imagined the scene as being outside of herself. "We can dance if you want, but I kind of want some action. I hope I'm not being too presumptuous." Presumptuous? she thought to herself. Aren't I supposed to play dumb here?

Josh looked a bit shocked. 

"Uh..." His face's color changed as fast as a cuttlefish's camouflage- his usual Asian tan to sheet-white to beet red. "Okay. I think I can do that."

They continued to sort of dance. Really, they just shuffled their feet, as neither was used to this. Finally, Josh said, "Where?"

"Excuse me," Maggie said.

"You want to... Where do you want to do it?"

Right here, she thought. She went ahead and put her hand on his crotch. She could feel a bit of a hard-on in there. He briefly flinched, but he was into it. "Let me think, she said." She guided his hand to her hip. They way his hand moved, it was hiking her skirt. He was clearly clumsy in the moment. Looking into his eyes, it was apparent that he realized her partial nudity.

"Okay," he said.

"You can use your hands a bit here, you know." He obliged, evidently making sure that she didn't just have a high waistband. "Look, my place would be fine." He nodded. "Let's go." As they made their way off the dance floor, Maggie recognized a transformed girl from one of her classes. She had two sets of legs and a sort of torso in between them. Maggie hadn't realized it before, but she evidently had six breasts along that torso. She had great control of those four feet, since she managed to dance with them. The other girl and guy with her were trying to keep up. Evidently, the girl noticed her, too, and she winked.

Great, Maggie thought. It was then that she noticed that her skirt was bunched up, and she pulled it down. I should feel embarrassed, she thought, but I'm not. I'm on a mission.

"You'll have to be quiet. My roommate is probably asleep or trying to get to sleep."

"Sure," Josh responded. He looked around the apartment, still cluelessly bewildered. Maggie grabbed his hand and tugged him into her room.

"Did you bring a condom?" she asked.

"I really wasn't expecting any action."

"Right. Let me see." Maggie grabbed one of the Be Your Sexiest!® condoms. "I picked this up today, but I should warn you that it's a Be Your Sexiest!® condom. As long as I help get you off, it doesn't look like there will be any negative effects." Josh had an apprehensive look, so Maggie continued, lowering her voice into a purr, "And I will get you off."

"Isn't the whole point of condom usage to prevent bad stuff?" he asked. "I mean, will these even work as condoms? That magical shit seems pretty dangerous."

"Look," Maggie said, her sexual frustration now fully in the reins of her rational self, "The package says, 'It removes all biological pathogens and sperm.' These things can be misleading, I've heard, but they don't lie."

"Alright, what the hell."

She unwrapped a "Strawberry Cream" condom while he disrobed. She hadn't used a condom in a long time, since she and Grant were fluid-bonded- she really hoped he used a condom with the tramp he cheated with. She was all for safe sex, and she preached it on social media. She wasn't going to be a hypocrite. She read somewhere that guys would dig condoms more, if the woman put it on and tried to make that sexy. It had been a while, but it seemed like a fun thing to do.

The condom was a bright red one with soft beige bumps that looked like they were supposed to simulate strawberry seeds. She took a moment to admire his dick. It was a handsome phallus, she had to admit. It was a nice size that she could imagine penetrating her. "Mmm..." He shaved. That was nice. Her ex-boyfriend demurred at that suggestion a while back. Come to think of it, he used rather misogynistic language when he did, but Maggie was blinded by love at the time. This set was all nice and smooth, and she gently caressed him from the shaft down to the ballsack, making sure to linger a moment before she began unrolling the magical rubber down the link of his cock.

Once the ring reached the base, the sorcerous transformation began. The latex, or whatever stygian material substituted for latex, absorbed into his skin, but the bright red strawberry color remained, and the "seeds" became bigger, as if they were designed to act like stimulative ridges. His cock head warped a bit to look like an actual strawberry fruit, and then a tuft of leaves sprouted around his penis's base. She stroked it again.

"How does it feel?" she asked. The weirdness of the situation only fueled her lusts.

"It's like the condom isn't on," he said.

"Great, let's fuck."

"You don't want oral?" he said, looking maybe a bit disappointed.

"I am so revved up right now. I just want you in me." She then doubled down on the dirty talk. "Don't make me beg."

He clearly wasn't sure if that was code for making her beg, but banging her seemed really enticing. She pulled off her dress and unsnapped her bra in seconds, then she lay on the bed, her legs wide open in unquestionable invitation. He was gentle, and he took care to line things up, but Maggie wouldn't have it. She practically forced him down and used all of the weak leverage her position allowed her to set a frantic rhythm. He was in, and she could feel his whole length. Each stroke made the strawberry seed nubs massage her pussy walls. Still, she needed more.

"Mmm... Roll over," she ordered.

After a couple more thrusts, he managed, "Okay, yeah." Now, she was in her game. Why had she taken the passive position? She needed to be in charge. She had been in charge up to this point, and lucky Josh was just along for the right. Well, Grant was dominating in bed, and Maggie couldn't complain then. Right now? She reveled in her wanton dominance. Rocking her hips, she ground her clit into his pubic mound and drug his length through her inflamed cunt. She intended to stifle her orgasmic cry, and ordinarily she would have used a pillow, but she was on top, and her pillow was a yard from her face.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" she yelled a lot louder than she intended, but she was a woman possessed. "Give it to me!" He was into it now, too, having caught up to the intense stimulation that this insane rendezvous provided him. He cupped her breasts and tweaked her nipples, causing her to gasp again and scream as a second wave of pleasure crashed over her quivering frame. He bucked, as he started spilling his seed. She could feel the first two pulses of ejaculation, and that combined with the new attention to her tits, boosted her into an immediate and unprecedented third orgasm. At this point, she was utterly unaware of the screaming and lewd swearing that streamed from her mouth.

That third one did it, though. Her strength suddenly left her, and fatigue washed through her now aching hips. A strong odor of strawberries overwhelmed the room, and looked down at a wide-eyed and stunned Korean-American man. He looked a bit uncomfortable, so she dismounted, and what seemed like a pint of bright pinkish red runny goop spilled out of her pussy. She looked down at his magically demented member to see that the little leaves around the base were wilting, and there was even more goop oozing out of his penis.

"Uh, did it break?" he asked, still too dazed to intone it with the appropriate level of panic. Postcoital endorphins also put a damper on any sense of proper concern.

"Uh, no. The package said that you still get the cum. Apparently, it's a lot of cum." She brought some to her mouth. It tasted like strawberries and cream, alright. Her bed was a royal mess, too. There was so much semen that there wasn't just a wet spot; there was a little puddle. "Um, get off. I want to prevent this from getting too bad," she said pointing at the pool of pinkish jizm.

"Oh, I got off. By the sound of it, you..." he started to quip, but a loud rapping came at the door.

"What the hell, Maggie!" Beth screamed.

"Quick, get dressed," she hissed at Josh. He looked down to his penis, which he was happy to see returning to normal. Still, there was a problem. He saw the bathroom and figured he'd clean up a bit first.

Maggie opened the door.

"Jesus Christ, Maggie. Since when were you a nudist?" Beth sniffed. "What? Did you fuck on a quart of strawberries?" Beth then crawled into the room.
