 Trigger warning: there is attempted rape in this story.

*****

Maggie lay on her bed, limbs splayed out. Her sheets covered her dresser, because she violently removed them. She was drenched in sweat. Rising from her groin was her new macroclitoris. That was definitely new to her. It arched upwards and toward her chest which rapidly rose and fell in her desperate and fearful panting. It looked a bit like a penis, sure. After all, penises and clitorises both originate from the same tissue during development, but it did not look like an ordinary man's penis. Instead, the bulbous part made its way more than halfway down the shaft from the tip, where it met her inner labia which extended up the inner sides. There were no testicles. Instead, there was her usual vulva, quivering as it was. Juices trickled down over her perineum, unimpeded by any hair, since she had previously shaved with a magical razor.

"Are you okay?" There was knocking on the door. It was Beth, her apartment mate. Not half a minute earlier, Maggie had called out for help.

"No! Help!" Maggie was not only paralyzed by shock and fear- the transformation had done a bit to her brain. She absolutely needed to penetrate something, preferably a warm vagina, or maybe the skilled mouth of a woman. Maggie wasn't sure about the whole woman thing. She'd never been attracted to women. Now, the thought of a man sucking this thing seemed somehow unappealing, despite her inner desperation for release.

There were several thuds against the door. Beth had arms in place of her legs, and while much of the apartment had been modified to accommodate her, Maggie's bedroom door had been left as normal. Beth could make it, though. She just had to jump and perhaps climb to reach the doorknob. The door swung open, and there was Beth, triumphant in her simple conquest.

"Please!" Maggie gurgled. "I need to..." She rolled toward her door and started to get out of bed.

"Whoa... You've got that clit disease like Britney." Beth backed up a little. She didn't like the look in Maggie's eyes.

"I..." Maggie now sat, her rock-hard macroclit reaching beyond her bellybutton. "I need help. Please, Beth..."

Beth backed out of the room. "Oh, hell no! That shit is contagious. I'm calling Nichelle."

"But I need it! Please!" Maggie had risen to her feet, now towering over Beth.

"Uh..." Beth reached into her memories of occasionally bad television. "You can fight this!"

"No. I just need release. Could you just, you know, take it?"

Beth scrambled into the living room, looking for some sort of escape. The previous night, Beth had witnessed Maggie rather forcefully seduce a guy at a party. Previously, she had imagined her apartment mate as someone who was so inconsiderate. If she'd seen a guy acting the way that Maggie did the last night, she would have called campus police. Right now, that member made Maggie pretty capable of penetrative sexual assault, and Beth was determined to avoid victimhood.

Maggie ran for Beth, showing that she was definitely out of control. Beth was quick, though. She scrambled up her kitchen ladder onto the counter, her large exposed breasts swinging. Maggie kept coming, grabbing at her, but Beth smacked her hand with a ladle. Beth leapt onto the back of the couch, looking toward the door. No, she realized it would take too long to open the door, and Maggie was nearly around the counter anyway. Beth then saw an opportunity to get some high ground, and she climbed up her exercise ladder. That ladder gave her access to some monkeybars that she had installed on the ceiling. Maggie had her rear left hand, though.

"Dammit! Let go!" Beth's knuckles were white, and she hurt with all that stretching. She had long ago decided, though, that in a situation like this, she would fight no matter what. She dug grabbed Maggie's hands with her back right hand and dug her nails in hard, her strength multiplied by adrenalin.

Maggie howled in pain, and Beth was once again free. She needed to use this brief bit of having the upper hand (so to speak) to her advantage. Since Maggie was distracted, Beth attacked. "Kawai!!" she screamed as she flung herself, all arms akimbo, onto Maggie's head. That force knocked Maggie backward and she tripped onto the couch. Beth continued her counterattack; using her generous bosom as a weapon, she smothered Maggie. Ignoring Maggie's own clawing, Beth kept Maggie's mouth and nose covered in breast flesh. One of Beth's transformational issues was that her breasts were sensitive to pleasure but were nearly impervious to damage and never felt pain, so even Maggie's bites got nowhere.

Maggie weakened, her body deprived of oxygen, so Beth let go and grabbed a steering wheel controller. Several hits later, and Maggie was slightly bloodied but unconscious.

Beth's eyes were fully dilated, and her chest heaved. "Like a boss," she said.

Maggie hurt. Her hand stung. Her head ached. Her lungs felt ragged. Her hardened clitoris felt like it was about to pop. She was tied up, though.

"She's awake." It sounded like Beth. Had she just tried to rape Beth? She wouldn't... Oh, wait, if that made the overwhelming need go away... But Beth was her friend, and...

"Good, good." That voice sounded like Nichelle, the president of the Society for the Acceptance of the Transformed. "How do you feel?" The voice was directed at her.

"Nnng." Yep, she was blindfolded, too. "Ow. I, uh, need release."

"Yes, you do, but it's dangerous for us to do that. You can use your hand, though. It won't be the best, but Joy tells me that it takes the edge off."

"I'm tied up, though."

"You tried to hurt Beth."

"Oh. Damn." Tears welled up. "I'm so sorry..."

"You're damn right," Beth said.

"Patience, dear. This isn't like some guy with blue balls. She has far less control at the moment." Nichelle had evidently faced back to Maggie. "I'm going to untie this... What is this? A controller?"

"Yeah! I like legacy consoles."

"I'm going to untie your hands, but remember that I've got four legs, and I can kick really hard. You're going to jack off. Then, we're going to get you to the medical center. We need to find the others."

"Okay. Others?" It started to come back to Maggie.

"Yeah, the boys. Well, the former boys, anyway. There should be three of them. But first, we need to uncloud your mind."

"Mmmm..." Maggie imagined three girls, all vulnerable, maybe needing a bit of the special attention she could provide. No! That would be monstrous. Maggie girded herself as the cable came off her wrists.

"Okay, now stroke."

She couldn't really see, but she felt up her expanded love button and wrapped her hand around it. Okay, it was only most of the way around it. She started to stroke, but there was some unpleasant friction. She reached into her vagina and grabbed some natural lubrication. "Oh, shit!" That felt pretty good, so she kept at it. There was a build-up, like a water collecting behind a dam. Each stroke made that water slosh and made that water hotter. Her member became even more lubricated as something oozed out of the tip. It was like a clog that only partly blocked the faucet. She pumped faster, and she could hear a wet flapping sound as her hand jerked. She reached her other hand into her swollen vulva. She dipped two fingers into her slavering hole and clawed away at her insides. The sensations combined to blast away that metaphorical clog, and she sprayed a huge quantity of fluid out of the tip of that uncanny clit. Each pulse was full of white hot pleasure, and she lost track of their count.

Things calmed down after that. She still really wanted to play with some girl's boobs or try sticking her clitoris into a tight pussy, but she didn't feel like an angry predator. She had her agency back.

"Good girl," Nichelle said. "You've made mess, but you should feel better." Nichelle took the blindfold off, and Maggie got a fresh look at her. For all of her weirdness as a humantaur, Maggie kind of wanted to kiss her. "Now, we need to get some clothes on you."

Maggie was wrapped in a bathrobe, trying to stay calm. Every time she lifted her head, she saw nipples poking through shirts. She really wanted to tweak them or lick them, and that made her clit twitch. It had gone flaccid, but seeing all of those nearly free nipples caused brief waves of desire. There had been an infestation of magical insects called boob bugs, and they ate bras for some reason. If you put on a new bra, they ate that, too, and your nipples got permanently bigger, so all the ladies were braless. The college president said that everyone just had to wait it out, because the bugs would eventually go away.

"Maggie Watts," the nurse called. Maggie gingerly stood up, and Beth and Nichelle nodded to her encouragingly. She wound her way into the patient room and sat on the paper-covered treatment table. "Says here that you think you have some sort of transformation disease?"

"Uh huh."

"It looks like you were in a fight. What happened?" The nurse gathered some first aid supplies from the cabinets.

"I, uh..." Maggie paused for a long while.

"Go on."

"I attacked my apartment mate."

"Why did you do that?"

"Um, my transformation... It made me really horny, and I almost hurt my friend." Tears welled up.

"Okay. Let's get you patched up." The nurse quietly applied antiseptic and bandages. "Were you unconscious?"

"Yeah... Beth hit me pretty hard."

The nurse grabbed her light and forced Maggie's eyes open. "Yep. You have a mild concussion. I'll have Nurse Gree prescribe some pain meds."

"Okay, but I think you should know that I'm contagious."

"Right." The nurse opened a file with a public health pamphlet. "Spontaneous Transmissible Feminization/Clitoromegaly Syndrome. I've heard a bit about it." She passed Maggie the pamphlet. "We had another case a couple of weeks ago. It looks like we might have an epidemic. I'll need you to write down the names of the men you've slept with in the past two months."

"Hold on," Maggie said as she pulled her phone from her robe. She messaged Nichelle, then started writing. Trey Spector, her cheating boyfriend; Joshua Kao, the first rebound fuck; Simon Hurstwhile, the asshole who didn't use the condom like he was supposed to; and Vance (Nichelle provided his last name in her text response) Freeman, the boy she aggressively seduced at the party the previous night. She passed the list to the nurse.

She typed them in. "Hey, that Trey kid. He, or rather she, was in here a couple of weeks ago. We didn't know how that transgender case occurred. That might make him the missing person for our other big clit case." That news hit Maggie like a ton of bricks. The brochure talked about how female carriers had an increased sex drive. That would explain her behavior since their breakup. He must have gotten it from the hussy from that party. Well, now she sort of sympathized with the hussy, but it would make sense. "Okay, Nurse Gree will be in momentarily."

As she waited, Maggie read the pamphlet. Apparently, she had three victims (more tears,) there was no cure (even more tears,) but the condition was manageable. She read about how she would be sexually attracted to women, which she could confirm. Apparently, she could lose her attraction to men, and a few moments of vivid imagining confirmed that to be the case as well. That was the really strange thing. Ever since puberty, she loved looking at dudes. Eventually, she loved making out with the and sleeping with them. She didn't feel sickened by her memories or anything, but now, she just wasn't interested in men. That realization forced out another hard sob.

"Hi, sweetheart," said Nurse Gree. She was the same nurse that helped her after her run-in with Simon. "It looks like you've gotten yourself into a pickle."

Maggie raised an eyebrow.

"Pun intended," Nurse Gree went on.

"Yeah. I guess that's about right."

"Well, you've had a chance to read the pamphlet, and we're calling the people on the list. If it's accurate, then they will all be female now."

"I know."

"I know that this is hard, but we need to go through the events so that we can understand things best."

"Okay."

"Trey Spector. When did you last sleep with him?"

"I guess it was three weeks ago. Then, I found out that he had hooked up with someone at a party, and we ended it."

"Did he say who it was?"

"I don't think he caught her name."

"Uh huh. Well, Trey came in a couple of weeks ago, apparently transformed. We'll send her a note informing her that she's a carrier. I think we know who infected her."

"Okay. I don't think I wanna know."

"I don't blame you, though you may find yourself at a group therapy session with her. Anyway, next on the list is Josh Kao."

"Uh huh. I slept with him about two weeks ago."

"Did you use protection?"

"Yeah, we had a Be Your Sexiest!® condom. It was strawberry."

"Oh dear. Those things don't stop magical diseases. They are perfect for mundane STIs, but they do nothing for your condition. And Simon Hurstwhile?"

"Last Monday. I came in here the next morning. Remember?"

"I do. There was no condom."

Maggie felt anger again, partly blaming herself for being careless. "Yeah."

"And finally, Vance Freeman."

"Last night at a party."

"Last night?"

"Yeah, is that a problem?"

"It usually takes 48 hours after that last intercourse. No matter. Did you use protection?"

"We did. I put it on him."

Nurse Gree sighed. "Apparently, regular condoms don't work against STFCS a lot of the time. I have a note to write you a pain med prescription, so here you go. Do you mind waiting in case we contact any of the other persons of interest?"

"I can wait."

Perhaps twenty minutes later, a bewildered young woman wrapped in a coat came in escorted by a campus policeman. Her eyes got big the second she saw Maggie. The cop had to hold her back, since she looked pretty angry. "You! You did this to me, you bitch!"

Maggie could only recoil in horror. Like Vance, she had dark brown skin, African features, and very short hair. Maggie couldn't tell much about her, as she was heavily wrapped up.

"Please, miss," the policeman said, "calm down. You need to stay calm." He looked a bit out of his element. Vance nearly spat in anger. She closed her eyes and relaxed a bit. "Attagirl. Just sit here."

The receptionist was already on hand. "Are you Vance Freeman?" she asked.

"I am."

"Okay, follow me." Vance then trailed behind into the patients' rooms. Maggie sighed. A few minutes later, the receptionist told Maggie, "To avoid more of those confrontations, we'll need you to wait in a room, okay?"

"I can do that." Maggie went back to one of the rooms and waited some more.

Several more minutes passed, and Nurse Gree entered the room with a bag. "Okay, just to let you know, we've located all three people, and we've confirmed their sex changes. I also talked to an expert out of Chicago, and she said that you would need a few things."

"What things?"

"First, know that this isn't your fault. You didn't choose to take away anyone's manhood. You thought you were just doing the natural thing that a young woman does."

Maggie nodded. It sounded canned, even if it was possibly true.

"Second, I have a bag of stuff here. You're body needs occasional release, or you will become a threat to others." Maggie opened the bag. There was a vibrator and a funny looking plastic cylinder.

"What are these?"

"Most women with your condition like to use a vibrator. The other thing is a special masturbation sleeve. Stick your clitoris in the hole there." Nurse Gree indicated a silicone opening. "There is an expanding bladder on the other end that collects your generous... fluids. Turn that knob to open the valve for cleaning."

This thing looked kind of alluring to Maggie. She fingered the soft hole to get an idea of how well it would work.

"Okay, here's the thing, though. Masturbation will not be a longterm solution. You need to have sex with real people The trouble is that you should not spread this disease. That leaves you with few choices. You can sleep with existing carriers or with people who agree to never sleep with anyone else besides other carriers."

"Right. Okay." Maggie nodded and could see the potential problems.

"We will let the three women here know about this, because they're in similar boats, though they can sleep with other women without any fears. They also will not require sex like you will. Hang in there, and we will help you figure this out. Anyway, have some water and take care of yourself. Feel free to rinse the sleeve in the sink over there."

Maggie was already getting hard just thinking about using the sleeve. It looked pretty inviting. Still, even though she was at least twice Maggie's age, she kind of wanted to bend Nurse Gree over the examination table. She shook her head to clear the cobwebs, but that only served to irritate her concussion.

"Oh, don't do that, honey." Nurse Gree bent down to check Maggie's head. The braless cleavage was delightful. Maggie's clit poked up through the front of her bathrobe. "Oh, my... Yes, you'd better get to it," Nurse Gree continued, backing away.

All Maggie could manage was a whine and a doe-eyed nod. Once Nurse Gree was out of the room, Maggie tried the sleeve. At first, she couldn't get her great clitoris to fit, and pushing hurt. Fortunately, there were a few packets of lubrication in the bag, so she put that to use. It was kind of cold, but she didn't feel the need to grip it hard, and pretty soon, the top flipped open as the bladder expanded with her ejaculate. It felt okay, and once again, she could think straight. Well, mostly think straight. She had this continuing level of arousal, and she had a concussion.

Finally at home, Maggie could rest in her bed. A doctor gave her a two-week note for her classes, and she could withdraw and get a full refund. Her mom was pretty upset with her, and that conversation was not fun. There were some flowers sitting on her nightstand as well. Not even Beth was home, which was strange for a Saturday afternoon. There was a knock at the door. Maggie answered.

Britney and Joy were there. "Hey," Joy said, "I thought you could use some company." Maggie nodded and showed them in.

"Thanks for coming."

"Oh, we made sure of doing that before we got here," Joy said, giving Britney an elbow. That made Maggie smile a little. "We thought we could give you some advice."

"Um, what kind of advice?"

Britney spoke up. "Well, I remember the first week. It was horrible. All three of the ones I transformed were really mad at me, and I really needed to fuck someone. Honestly, you need to find another carrier soon."

Maggie nodded. "I know, but I feel like I was pretty shitty to them all, even before the transformation kicked in."

"Yeah, that can happen. The carrier doesn't have to be one of yours. I've got the contact information for one of my others. I haven't kept up with her, but I could reach out."

"I don't know. I mean, how do you two do it? It seems like an arranged marriage or something."

Joy said, "Yeah, that worked out really well for us, and I don't know how easy that is to come by. I don't just service Britney. We're lovers. It's, like, star-crossed or some shit."

Maggie nodded. "So, I should find someone to love?"

Joy looked her in the eye. "I think so. I mean, if all I did was make sure that Britney blew a load in my pussy, ass, or mouth twice a day, I think it would get old. I want love, too, you know? It would get really lonely just acting as some sort of masturbation sleeve."

"Wow. Okay, but I have to find someone with tremendous sexual endurance who will fall in love with me... That sounds really hard."

Britney said, "I know. I feel so lucky."
