 When the world ended in ice it caught a lot of people by surprise. It's been nearly one hundred years now, and the world doesn't seem to warm. Most of the civilized world reorganized under the Catholic Church and moved to the equator. There they remained biding their time; trying to rebuild society so that humans could one day reclaim the planet.

Eventually the missionaries were sent out. Small expeditions were slated to bring mankind back into the loving embrace of its protectors. Many a man and woman left the safety of the green zone to go out into the wastes. Places of lawlessness, people who killed and pillaged. The habitats of countless warlords, fiefdoms, and communities all trying to eke out a sustainable form of life from the ice ball Earth had become. That's where I met my master. 

My name is Temperance. I was a product of the Church. One of the countless orphans left over from the Crises when the comet hit Earth and knocked our planet ever so slightly into a colder rotation. I still remember the cloisters and the vows; the prayers and the windy temperate plains the equator had become. It's not my home now, but I still remember the humidity of the greenhouse gardens and vegetable farms.

I was twenty when I left Fort St. Constantine. I had just received my commission by the church to go up into the badlands of what had once been New York City. You'd never recognize it now. Maybe you'd spot the odd ancient landmark, but most of the buildings and streets were stripped bare. Still, the Jesuit scouts decided that there would still be frozen supplies and people aplenty to warrant even this most dangerous of missions. 

They would only take volunteers, so I placed my name into the ring. I never had any family to speak of, and my last mentor died six months prior to my twentieth birthday. I could have stayed and had a family, for I was not really part of the clergy. I was what you would call a laywoman. 

We set out into Mexico from our base in the Yucatan. We were set up in old Mayan and Aztec ruins, but you wouldn't see much jungle anymore. Most of the lush trees had given way to scrub and rippling brown grass. It was, by the accounts of elders, eerie. However, it was all I ever knew. We had a small convoy for the mission. Two trucks, twelve men, and me; we drove in Humvees. It wasn't an uneventful trip. We passed the border outposts. They were little more than hamlets and shantytowns, but they represented the reclamation of our world from ice and snow. 

We stopped over in New Eden for a time. I don't want to sound blasphemous, but the town was anything but. Eventually, we passed the town's outer perimeter, and then we were officially in no-man's land. The Jesuit troops with me became very structured and alert. Patrols and watches were posted. They never bothered me to do anything, and it left me bored. I was their charge after all. It was my duty to bring civilization back to New York.

We didn't reach New York for a month. It was slow going. We ran into wild animals and men, but never anything more than a harassing threat. The great hollow bones of one of civilization's greatest cities loomed above us. Where godly mirrors were said to rise up forever there was only the decrepit façade of thousands of lifeless eyes looking down at us. It was as if they were saying, "You don't belong here, get out."

We were attacked at noon while clearing a way into the bare edge of the once-great metropolis. There were dozens of them. They were wild feral people, howling at us as they charged the convoy. My protectors fought to the man, but they threw Molotov cocktails at the head and rear vehicles creating a kill box. I had crawled out and hid under one of the supply trucks. My hands over my ears as men screamed and died around me. One of the soldiers died clutching a live grenade. It never came close to me, but it was enough to blow up one of the Humvees. I was thrown in the air by the explosion and knocked out when my head smashed into the top of the truck I was under. 

When I woke I remembered feeling warm. I ached but there was a feel of so many soft things around me I didn't care. Eventually I remembered where I was and opened my eyes. It was a basement. Probably the subbasement of a basement apartment, I figured at the time. It was dim and cozy. Large enough for the pit-like bed I found myself in. The top of the circle where I was lined with every kind of pillow imaginable, and the floor of the pit was lined in mattresses of various makes in various conditions.

The room had a huge central fire pit and I could hear the soft fwump of a makeshift fan caring smoke outside the building. Probably up past banks of snow that no one would ever see. I pushed the weight of twenty or thirty blankets off me and realized I was naked. 

I blushed. I was a modest young woman. I knew I was attractive, but hid it. I have dark milk-chocolate skin, pale green eyes, short straight dark hair bleached dirty blond In places by outside work. I have rounded features in my face and full lips like twin pillows. I'm long of leg, and there was always trouble finding enough bras in size DD to fit my breasts. I have wide hips, a narrow waist, and the ass of a Brazilian but bigger and firmer. Work and personal exercise saw to most of my good looks, and I must have had good looking parents. I had a taut tummy with well-defined abs, long full legs and thick but firm thighs. Heavy lifting is to blame for that. I don't jiggle much... well I try not to. 

I snatched up one of the sheets and wrapped my naked form in it. I had to find clothes and get my bearings. I wouldn't be able to get any of my goals completed because my master soon entered. He was tall, I'm not short, but I stand at about five seven. He was several inches taller. He was big too, but I'd seen bigger barbarians (that's what we call wild men). It was obvious he was a scavenger so while he hauled big loads of supplies his main strength lie in lithe speed and maneuverability. 

He began to strip, down to his underwear. I knew what he wanted, I knew why I had been spared. I'm not ignorant of the world. I saw the look. The same look dozens of boys gave me before I left. He was well defined, a life of work. I felt my face grow warm and other... places as well. He had handsome features, tanned white skin, blue eyes like the pacific in winter. He had sharp hawk-like features and was surprisingly clean shaven. 

He was quick. I was scrabbling back, trying to slap or hit him. He was naked now, his body already coated in a light sheen of sweat. His hand grabbed my breast and I kicked him .I wish I had never fought him, but I was scared. He pushed me against the amalgam of mattresses and I felt him press his thick turgid cock against my sex. I clenched from want and revulsion at the same time. He had at least a foot, and it was at least an inch thick. He was a man most definitely. I felt large testicles brush against my thighs. I tried to assault him there, but he was strong... and I'm no slouch. Soon inch after inch was sliding. I had... experimented so no barrier besides my youth stopped his massive length.

My body was aflame in seconds. I cried, begged him to stop. Begged to God that he would stop, but he didn't. Minutes passed as he used me. His cock pounding me, his hands groping my breasts and my ass without regard to my shouts, slaps, or bites; he was so strong. 

Soon I felt his body wrack with spasm of ecstasy. My nails were trimmed so I couldn't gouge his muscled back, but when I felt his hot seed spill into me... out of me, down my thighs, against my ass. It felt... so good. I thought he would pull from me now, sated and happy like the animal he was. However he simply kept slamming me. Lifting my body off the ground and pushing it back down. He went deep every time. 

He came two more times, my pussy was overflowing with his lust. I was crying by now. Tears streamed down my face as I panted my pleas for him to stop. Still, he ravished me. He pulled out for his last orgasm and came all over my body. My tits, stomach and thighs were soaked in his virility. I knew what he was doing. He was playing the tomcat, marking his territory. 

He pulled me close to him and slept half atop me. I felt his cock wedge itself into the canyon of my shapely rear. It was still fairly hard. I hated myself for enjoying the afterglow of sex. He'd raped me and my body only told me how good his length had felt. How... good it was to have his spunk flowing down my thighs. I cried and I hated myself. My breasts felt tender from his nips and rough touches. My body was sore like I'd just worked out. All I could think about before I fell asleep was that I knew it wasn't the end of my ordeal.