 She was a vision in sea-foam green: her red hair, braid and piled atop her head like a tower waiting to be climbed, the cloak falling carelessly off her shoulders, length of lace covering her torso, straining with the effort required to hold back her melon-like breasts, the long slits of her skirt providing the illusion of coverage and teasing the entire street with the prospect of much, much less with every sway of her hips...

I wanted her. And the cuffs encircling her slender wrists told me I could.

I had Parminder signal her over, and she approached my carriage with an odd sort of hesitation. 

"I am sorry, Sire, but my Master does not wish me to be make myself available," she demurred, looking intently down at the step of my carriage.

Cheeky minx. I twisted the override switch built into my cane for just such an occasion, and her cuffs activated, springing together behind her back and locking in place. She let out a small "Oh," and the carriage door slid open for her.

"I am very flattered, Sire," she insisted. "But if I have another man, my Master will be very angry with me."

"Oh come now," I scoffed, taking her by the shoulder and pulling her inside. She was too well-trained to do anything but follow my lead, stepping inside, and presenting her back to me. 

"I must protest, Sire," she said. "My Master-"

Well, that was quite enough of that.

"Parminder!" I called. The divider between his driving compartment and my sitting one slid open.

"Yes, sire?" he responded

"You may take her mouth, Parminder," I told him. I gave the slave a push, and she knelt upon the bench opposite mine, and opening her mouth for him, eyes down cast. It was not long before the sounds of sucking were heard. I busied myself with the rest of the slave's body: attaching my own cuffs to her ankles, and toggling the switch on my cane to spread them apart. She was very flexible, and her legs spread out the entire length of the carriage in what was nearly a full split, revealing the smooth, milky lengths of her legs. I ran a hand appreciatively over them up one, and down the other, as Parminder began to fuck her face in earnest, forcing her entire body back and forth with the strength of his thrusts. She was very muscular, I noted: perhaps dancing was her mandate. Then I began to undo the buttons that held her clothing together. It took some time: it is true what they say, after all, that the only thing with more buttons than a spoiled school-girl's frock was a well-used slave's shift. By the time I was finished, so was Parminder, having the slave swallow his juices down, and closing the divider once more with a "Thank you, sire."

I used my cane once more, first separating her wrist cuffs, then sending them up to the ceiling of the carriage, leaving her suspended in front of me. It was evident at once that she had some reason to protest: her back was full of angry red welts criss-crossing the scars of older, deeper wounds, and her round, full bottom was covered in green and yellow bruises. She'd been plugged as well, though that was more understandable: two small, golden chains swung down from her ass and her pussy onto the bench. I pulled them out, one after the other, to find them the cheap silicon models favored by the middle class. The slave made an odd, hiccupping noise as each came out, though as slender as they were it couldn't have hurt.

"There now," I soothed, rubbing a hand along her hip. "I'm going to ease the cuffs now, and then you must sit on my lap and tell me about yourself."

She was even more beautiful like this than she had been on the street. Completely naked, she sat barely an inch from my cock, her hair slightly mussed, her lipstick smeared. There were tears in her eyes that I wiped away before they could cause her make-up to run, and though her nipples were not pierced her clitoris was, with a heavy diamond stud I played with as she spoke. 

"I am called uaine, Sire" she said. "I am one the slaves of Jameson, who owned this market and another in Annilace. I am-" she sneaked a glance at my face, and I realized that her eyes were sea foam green as well. "I am a dancer. I perform at the pavilion at evening fall, and again at the market's close. During the day, some of the shop keepers rent me to perform outside their storefronts, to attract customers and such. The money is added to the rent they pay Jameson for their shops."

"Interesting," I said, slipping two fingers inside. She was wet, of course, but I've found there is no such thing as too wet, unless the slave in question is being punished. "I bet you're the jewel of his collection."

"He pays me special attention, Sire," uaine said. 

"Any master would," I murmured. I reach for my cane with my clean hand, and activated the cuffs once more, securing her wrists once more behind her back, and her ankles to wall opposite me. uaine let out a small cry at the sudden shift in position, before silencing herself. She lay on her back, pinning her arms with her own weight as much as I had pinned them with the cuffs, her legs bent back and spread wider than her shoulders. Her pussy glistened, droplets of moisture caught in the well-trimmed hair to be found there, but it was her ass that excited me, small and dark and tight looking. 

I tore myself away from the alluring site to reach behind me into the storage compartment, and withdrew the supplies I needed. Two higher quality plugs, two diamond studs, a piercing gun, lubricant and a letter, explaining who it was, exactly, who had taken her, in case the other signs of nobility were too subtle for this Jameson. If, after all that, he was still angry with his slave for having been taken, then there was no hope for the man.

"Have you taken one of these before, uaine?" I asked. The slave shook her head, eyeing it warily. It was bigger than the one her master had given her. 

"Do not worry," I said, smiling as I spread some lubricant over its head. "You will enjoy it."

I worked it into her pussy slowly, penetrating just an inch in before withdrawing, then going just a bit deeper. By the time it was all the way in, she stared up at me with lust-dark eyes, her lower lip bitten beneath her teeth as she strove to keep from crying out. I was breathing harshly, my cock straining to be free of my trousers, and it was very tempting to simply pull them down and fuck her now.

But there was still one thing left to do before I would allow myself that release. I folded the bottom of the plug up, so that it was covering her clit, and then toggled the switch, causing the entire plug to vibrate. Her eyes nearly rolled back in her head at the sensation, and her body broke out in a sweat. I gathered a few beads of it up on my fingers, and pinched her left nipple, fondling it until it was long and hard. Then I took the piercing gun, loaded the stud inside, and pierced her nipple. Her body gave a tiny, involuntary jerk, but other than that there was no sign uaine had felt it, and when I gave the same treatment to her right nipple there was not even that much. 

She had her eyes closed, but they opened when I took her face in my hand. "Look at me," I growled, and she did, as I pushed down my trousers, applied as much lubricant as I could stand to my cock, and then pushed into her ass. 

It was as tight as it looked, and I could feel the plug vibrating through her body. It was glorious. I knew something she could do to make it even better. 

"Come," I ordered. Her eyes, still locked on my face, widened. "Come for me. Come now."

She did, clenching tight, tighter than tight, and I thrust into it through her orgasm, then ordered her to clench herself as I fucked her, and fucked her.

It was very nearly twenty minutes later when I came. I let her support my weight for a moment, then collected myself enough to pull out. I cleaned myself off with some sanitizing wipes, then took the second plug and worked it in. It too was bigger than the one she'd come with, but not as big as my cock, and it slipped in easily. 

"You may dress," I said, easing up on the cuffs once more. She placed her feet on the floor, shakily. "And then you may leave. But when you do, take this. It should appease your master."

"Thank you, Sire," she murmured, and collected her things. Within the minute she was fully dress and on the street once more, my letter firmly clutched to her chest. 

"Parminder!" I called. Once more, the divider slid open. 

"Yes, sire?"

"Take me to my lunar estate. I think the planet had gotten me as much as it can right now."

"Very good, sire."

The unmistakable sound of Parminder shifting the carriage into flight gear reached my ears. I smiled, and settled in for a well deserved nap.