 He stared at the crowd, his nine inch cock hanging from between his legs for all the world to see. It was the last battle he had to endure, his shield and sword both lost in the last clash of weapons. He had stripped down to nothing as a show of arrogance, his two bare hands all he needed to take the prize, his life not truly on the line, only others'. He saw the princess, young and innocent, eyeing his cock from the top of royalty box with a confused longing. 5,000 men and women had gathered to see the fighter with no name come and fight in the battle royale. 

His opponent strode in, covered from head to toe in plate holding a pike almost twice his height, ready to stab it throw his gut. The crowds cheered the warrior who had come to kill the naked barbarian. The contestants walked up to the center of the arena, the barbarian on his tip toes, ready to pounce, manhood dangling in defiance. 

It only took a second, the knight charged his pike forward and the barbarian dodged, pouncing to the knight's right, grabbing his helm and tearing it off his head and snapping his neck an instant later. The crowd booing the barbarian as he walked out of the court, ready for his rewards. Fifteen men he fought, for fifteen thousand gold coins.

He walked to his quarters where his servants waited for him with food and their bodies ready for his use. He reached for one the younger girls, a blonde with hefty breasts and a nice ass, with pale milky skin. He grabbed her by the hair and led her to his bed, pulling her white dress up to her waist and bending her over by the bed. A victory warranted a woman, and tonight's victory warranted more than one, but he was just beginning for the night. 

He wasted no time in plunging his cock deep into her butt hole dry. He heard her fearful whimpers but pressed his massive manhood deeper into her virgin asshole as far as it would allow. He pulled out and lifted her up by her thighs and spat into her anus, and let her fall back down onto the bed. The barbarian mounted the young girl and began to pound away. He enjoyed the sound of his balls smacking her cheeks as she tried to suppress her whimpers of pain.

The daughter of a farmer back in Aldronas, he had taken her mother repeatedly after breaking into their home, while her father and her watched meekly in the corner of the barn. He had made the farmer clean his fluids from his wife's cunt afterwards while helped himself to their food. The barbarian didn't care for the daughter at first, having been satisfied with the mother, but the dampness in her underclothes made appetizer the barbarian like never before, and he had decided to take her with him on his travels, fucking her virgin cunt and after that was sufficiently loosened, her asshole too.

He yearned for more valuable cunts than farmer's daughters though. He wanted to rape queens and impregnate princesses, he wanted to have the townsfolk worship his cock as he walked through the streets as naked as the day he was born. He wanted to rule the kingdoms with his manhood, and he planned to do so.

The King of the Yiti Isles entered his room as he was ejaculating into the farm girl's asshole. He unmounted her, his seed dripping across his taint and faced the fat man who ruled this shit stain of an island. 

"You fight well, we didn't think you'd last through the fifteen", the king began.

"Fifteen thousand for fifteen warriors, where is it?" the barbarian replied stoically. 

"I'm here regarding that, we can give you five now, a more than sufficient reward for a savage like you"

"Fifteen now, or you have a problem"

"It's generally not wise to threaten a king," the fat man replied, attempting to intimidate the savage, "And we simply cannot afford to pay you fifteen thousand, even five is a stretch"

"You agreed to the deal. I did too. If you don't give me what I want then I'll just take my payment"

"We have no payment for you to take beast, take the gold we offer and begone before I change my mind."

The barbarian pondered his next course of action for a few moments. He could simply attack the man in the fancy dress but he'd have his monkeys chasing him for years afterwards. "Your daughter then, the one with the brown hair and big chest. I want her. And the five thousand."

"The princess of the Yiti Isles is not a whore available to fuck beasts as payment for killing other beasts in the arena. Five thousand and begone now." He had his servants walk in with heavy sacks. Possibly with his coin and possibly just silvers and coppers, rich men tended to cheat more than street rats.

"I don't want a night. I want her for me. She travel with me. She please me. She will swallow my seed and carry my child. I want to make a royal savage, and drink her milk when she bears me a boy. When I am done you may have her back if it please me to be so kind." The savage's cock grew just thinking about the princesse's figure, all nine inches returning to full erection just thinking about pounding her day in day out. 

"Out of the question." The king replied, noticing his fully erect manhood staring him in the eye.

"You see that girl on the bed there my good king? Her father tried to deny me what I wanted. Not what I deserved, but simply what I wanted. I wanted her juicy plump mother's cunt, and the father had the audacity to pull me off her. Now her mother grows bigger everyday due to my seed, and the father has no choice but to care for it when it is born. In exchange I give him his daughter back when I grow tired of her. I'm not sure if I'll even do that, Aldronis is quite far. Now you, little man, dare deny me not simply what I want, but what I have been promised. Do you think your guards are any stronger than any man you sent after me today in the field? I will take your wife and your daughter and make you watch. I will make their assholes gape wide as their cunts will after I'm done, you know I'm not lying, you can see my cock. So fair king, will you deny me your daughter or your gold? Or should I just take both"

"Tomorrow morning. Stay here, we'll get you your damned extra ten thousand. But begone after that, away from these lands"

The barbarian smiled and the king left. The barbarian had no care for the gold now that he thought about the princess's milky tits. He decided he could not even contain his lust until the morning, he decided to visit the palace tonight.

*

"To be continued if there is any interest, I'm aware it's just a teaser and barely anything happened but I have plans for further stories"