 This is part 2 of The Bard and the Rogue! 

Thanks so much for your support everyone :)

Don't forget to leave nice comments bellow! Let me know what you think of the story so far. ;)

*****

The bard followed the cinnamon trail up the stairs, using his nose to help him navigate through the poorly lit hallway. The wooden planks of the flooring were creaking slightly under his muffled footsteps as his right hand was brushing against the cool stones of the walls, guiding him through the darkness.

He tried to avoid making as much noise as he could, tiptoeing through the long corridor. 

As the handsome man walked silently, the spicy smell grew bolder and he felt himself react to it, a vivid feeling rushing to fill his whole body.

He managed to follow the alluring smell up to the very last room of the corridor, without making much noise. 

Interestingly, that room's door was situated not on either side of the corridor, but at the complete end, in the biggest and nicest room you could rent, which was usually reserved for nobles travelling through the region. 

This also meant that the very nice smelling stranger had quite the coin, which made him grin excitedly. 

As he got closer, he glanced over his shoulder, scoping the area to make sure nobody followed or noticed him, then sneaked up to the finely crafted wooden door. 

The bard took a second to admire it, but suddenly froze as he noticed that the door wasn't completely closed. 

A slight crack made it possible for him to slide his fingers in and quietly open it without him having to fiddle with the lock.

It was almost too easy. As if the stranger was expecting him.

He quickly ran his nervous fingers through his thick dark mane and slicked it back, thinking over his plan.

His opted for prudence and charm, going over his usual charming speech mentally. 

That one was quite effective, and made most maiden swoon over him, and most men overlooked him easily. 

It was his best weapon. That, and, well, ALL of him.

When done with his quick mental rehearsal, the man slowly pushed the door open, with just the tip of his fingers.

As door creaked open a bit noisily, the bard stood tall at the entrance, staring into the darkness of the room, readying himself to face whatever threat. 

There was no movement, and even the sheets on the giant bed that stood right in the middle of the room seemed to still be flawlessly folded. If that smell of cinnamon wouldn't have been creeping all over his now damp skin, he would have thought that he had mistakenly went to the wrong door. 

He carefully entered the room, softly closing the nice door behind him. His shoulders felt very heavy as he quickly searched the room with his eyes. 

The area was unusually warm, and very dark, and it seemed that the noises coming from the very crowded inn did not even reach it. It was eerily quiet, but also incredibly well furnished.

-''Perfect for fucking...'' thought the bard with a small lusty grin as he touched the soft satin of the bedding sheets.

He looked around, lifting a very plushy pillow's corner, the red wine colored bed sheets, even under the very nice silver candle candlestick; nothing. He then got down on one knee, and slid his hand across the floor under the bedding, but all he found was the odd dust and cobwebs left.

He wiped his hand on his soft leather pants and frowned. He clearly had seen the stranger climb the stairs, moments ago, and there was no mistaking that thick spicy musk caressing his face was the one.

As he stood up, he froze in place, his eyes staring straight at a lithe form on the bedding that just had appeared before him. 

And right there, that's when he got face to face with a pair of glowing yellow eyes, patiently awaiting his gaze.

Staring at him, right on the bed was a creature staring bluntly at him, with a low, guttural growl. It's only visible features, in the darkness, were a flinging furry tail, pointy ears and those golden molten orbs, glowing fiercely.

He got up as fast as he could as the feline smiled with pointy teeth, but his feet refused to budge and he fell backwards, hitting his head hard unto the floor.

His vision got fuzzy and his head started to pound as he slowly tried to crawl away, fearing for his life. His head was very dizzy and he started delving into the darkness.

As he was clawing at the floors, the bard noticed that his ankles were very securely bounded with a tight rope. He heard a very contempt giggle as he was trying to move away, but the hit to his head made him more and more sluggish, and he felt like I was trying to pull a huge stone instead of his own body. 

As he was losing himself to the darkness, his body lying on the cold wood, his eyes met those glowing molten orbs once more. They watch him slowly fade away, seemingly smiling in appreciation.

The bard vision faded to black and he fainted, drifting into the silent void.