  Thank you for your patience! This is where it gets a "little" hotter :) 

I hope you enjoy!

I'm currently editing part 4, so it should be ready very soon! 

As usual, please leave nice comments and feedback, as they very much appreciated!

*****

When the man woke up, he first took notice of how cold his back was. He was sweating profusely, and the sticky wall felt like ice on his bare back.

He slowly opened his eyes, wincing at the throbbing pain from his head. His vision was still blurry, and his mind foggy. He tried to wipe his sweating forehead, only to find that his arms were completely unresponsive and incredibly numb. He just couldn't feel his arms.

The bard then tried to shuffle around, but his ankles were still tightly bound together.

He sighed, trying to swallow the clawing fear in his stomach, and looked around, blinking profusely so that his eyes would slowly lose their blurred vision.

It seemed that he was still in that same room at the inn, and that someone had lit the only candlestick. The quiet room was now basked in a dim, warm, yellow glow.

-''Yellow..!'' he thought, ''like those eyes...!''

The panic was starting to settle in his being, and gave a quick tug on his bindings, only to have them bite into his soft flesh.

Looking down to his feet, he actually had to blink a couple of times to make sure his eyes weren't playing tricks on him. No, he wasn't hallucinating; someone had stripped him of everything...

All his clothes, including his underpants, his dagger and his lute were missing.

AND HIS GOLD.

That's when it hit him; he was tied up to a wall, completely naked and defenseless.

He remembered falling over because of his tied ankles and tried to call for his barbarian companion, but all he could do was muffle a cry, through a thick piece of cloth secured on his mouth, gagging him.

He pulled on his bindings harder, trying to cry out, until a low purr made him lift his head.

On the bed lied an incredible sight.

A half-tiger lady was sprawled, naked, devouring him with her golden eyes. Her hand was slowly caressing her bare hip, and her tail was flinging around in anticipation.

She lazily got up on all four and crawled towards him, a low giggle mixed with a growl escaping her glossy pink lips.

-''Well...she purred, what have we here..?''

The bard's tense muscles rippled under his skin as he saw the lithe feline figure approach him.

She had a much toned body, with tan skin stripped with darker markings. Her hair fell in her eyes in a short, red, unkempt bob. She had small, perky breasts, topped with creamy pink nipples, and very nice round buttocks.

She approached him slowly, smiling and toying with his head, until she was just a couple of inches away from him.

Looking up, she was at least a whole head smaller than him, and she looked and smelled damned right delicious. That damned cinnamon smell was almost choking him.

The bard was very conflicted: he wanted to slap her pink cheeks, scold her, take his stuff back and leave.

But, damn...He also was now also heavily craving that small frame panting on top of him.

He whimpered against his gag and shook his head as she approached. He couldn't help it and cried out when she suddenly crushed her jaunty breasts firmly onto his chest.

The girl's purring on his bare skin was resonating in his whole being, and the bard was praying for either her to undo his bindings or touch his burning body.

Her small tongue darted out and briefly laid a lick on his chest.

The bard flinched, which made her have an impish smile. She then rubbed herself on him, with her incredibly soft skin, while staring him dead in the eye, watching his every reaction, delighting in all his pleasurable twitches.

Her finger traced the outline of his strong jaw, leisurely descending towards his collar bone, where she planted a cocky little kiss.

She kept following the trail of her finger with her smooth lips, down his chest, flicking her warm velvety tongue on his nipples, while he was moaning in his gag, pulling on his binding, feeling the burn of the rope on his wrists.

She stopped for a mere moment, to contemplate his sweaty traits, twisted by desire and fury.

-''Are you, perhaps, mad at me..? She giggled with shinning eyes, while her tiny hand found its way to his lower belly.

The bard nearly choked on his gag when she firmly grabbed his swollen member, gently massaging it. He was trying to catch his breath, but she was intoxicating; touching him so furiously, and lustfully at the same time, while her intense spice smell was nearly drowning him.

-''You are quite handsome", she whispered warmly into his ear, nibbling softly on his earlobe.

Her hot hand was skillfully stroking him, and he had the feeling that he was melting away. He was feeling vertiginous and, for a second, he was very grateful to be tied up, less his wobbly legs give in to the pleasure.

She abruptly pushed him off of her with a devilish smile, and he surprised himself hating her for leaving his body alone and cold. The girl climbed back unto the bedding, and sat, staring at him.

He couldn't help himself, panting, as he followed her sly finger's movement as they caressed her own satin flesh.

She circled her nipples with a huffed breath that made her hair fall into her eyes, and then let her hand fall to her already wet cinnamon slit.

The bard swallowed hardly as he was almost overcome by his desire and almost came right now and then.

-''I'm going to enjoy torturing you, handsome'', she murmured with a flushed, malicious, smile.

As she whispered, her finger found her wetness and she moaned loudly.

The bard felt a heat wave travel his whole body, and he had to clench his jaw so hard, and pull strongly on his bindings, so that the pain he felt prevented him from fainting. He barely felt the blood, slow and warm, falling from his lacerated wrists, as he closed his eyes and shook his head in mercy.