 Ellis the elf was away every Thursday evening and his tavern had gained the reputation for being very lively on a Thursday night. Lots of soldiers, elves, dwarfs and pixies went there for a boisterous time. Ellie and Emma elf kept their customers well supplied with ale, cider and pussy.

One day Ellie was at the market shopping for vegetables when she overheard two soldiers talking. The first enquired of his friend whether he was intending to visit the tavern that night.

"No mate," the soldier replied, "Bruce told me those sisters have had so much cock in them their cunts are like Marlock's sleeves, and their ass holes are no tighter."

Ellie was shocked, she did not want to lose custom, she needed to do something about it and fast. She went to see Marlock the wizard immediately.

Marlock was mixing potions and practising spells when the beautiful young elf knocked on his door. He invited her in and asked her what she required. Ellie explained the situation and asked if he could help.

Marlock told Ellie to remover her clothing, sit on the bed, and spread her legs, which she did. The old wizard took a glass jar from his shelf, removed the lid and dipped his wizened old fore finger into it. When he took his finger out Ellie could see it was smothered in a blue tinted jelly.

Marlock applied some of the jelly to Ellie's vagina by slipping his finger just between her labia, she let out a little moan of pleasure as he did so. Then he rubbed a little bit of it on her ass hole and poked his crooked old finger up her ass to the first joint. Ellie moaned again.

"Now," he said to the elf-girl, "whatever size cock is inserted in either hole you will accommodate it comfortably and yet feel tight to it's owner. I shall demonstrate."

Marlock opened his robe to reveal a decent sized cock and balls. 

"Penis minimus!" he cried as he waved his crooked wand and his cock shrank to the size of a carpenter's pencil.

Marlock pulled Ellie to the edge of the bed and knelt before her, then he slipped his tiny stiff penis inside her cunt.

"How does it feel?" he asked.

"It feels like it is filling my insides right up," she replied, "how about you?"

"Very snug and slippery, just perfect."

Marlock began to fuck the elf-girl with his tiny cock and she loved it. After a minute he pulled out and stuffed it up her ass.

"How is that?"

"It feels like you are stretching my ass just a little bit."

"That is exactly how it should be."

"Can you put it back in my pussy and make me come?" Ellie pleaded.

"Let's just finish the demonstration," Marlock replied.

The old wizard pulled out of Ellie's ass and stood.

"Penis Vulgaris!" he cried, waving his crooked wand again.

"Oh my God!" cried Ellie as she watched the wizard's cock grow to the size of a cucumber, a cucumber with a big purple head.

Marlock knelt in front of the elf-girl and introduced the huge cock to her vagina. Ellie closed her eyes,preparing herself to be ripped apart by the huge member. As it turned out, the feeling she got when Marlock penetrated her was one of pleasure. She had no more trouble receiving the monster cock than she had when the tiny one was slipped inside her.

"How is that?" asked Marlock.

"Mmmm, lovely," she replied.

Marlock pulled out of her vagina and pushed his cock up her back passage, it was a bit of a push but it went all the way in.

"Oh, that is not bad at all," she told him, "now can you put it back in my pussy?"

Marlock did as requested and proceeded to give the young elf-girl a bloody good seeing to. She squealed with delight as she had a wonderful orgasm and Marlock shot a huge load inside her.

Ellie paid Marlock a tidy sum for the jelly and took it home.

The evening arrived and the sisters opened the tavern, both girls had applied the jelly to their cunts and ass holes, hoping to make the customers happy. There was not a big crowd, the sister's appeal had waned. The usual crowd of voyeurs sat around the tavern, hoping to watch some action.

Emma and Ellie were serving their customers drinks and flirting with them as always when two large ugly orcs entered the tavern. Orgun and Ogrun were quite handsome for orcs, that is to say they had fewer than usual pustules on their faces and bodies and did not smell quite so repulsive as others of their species.

The two orcs sat at a bench in the middle of the tavern and called for ale. Ellie took each of them a large tankard of ale, Orgun slapped coin on the table and the elf-girl picked it up and took it back to the bar.

Emma was walking past the orcs, carrying empties back to the bar when Orgun put his arm around her and dragged her onto his lap.

"Oy! put me down!" she cried.

"No, me fuck pretty elf-girl," he said.

"No, you won't, you horrible smelly orc!" she said.

Orgun put his hands around her slim waist and lifted her off his lap, then he stood and threw her face down over the edge of the bench. He grabbed her robe and pulled it up, exposing her panties. Orgun slapped her on her ass and spread her legs.

"Ow! That hurt!" she cried.

Orgun took hold of Emma's panties and ripped them off her. Her normally pale ass had been reddened by the spank, and everyone in the tavern could see it. Several of the voyeurs already had their cocks in their hands.

Orgun dropped his breeches and his stiff cock sprang out, standing proud, a drop of greenish liquid emanating from the slit in the end. Emma looked over her shoulder to see the orc's huge member.

"No! You cannot put that in me!" she cried, "you will tear me in two with that monster!"

"Orgun fuck elf! elf need to shut up!" said the orc in his deep growling voice.

The prospect of seeing the orc's huge member penetrate the slim elf proved too much for one of the voyeurs who ejaculated inside his breeches before he was able to expose himself.

Orgun presented his monster cock to Emma's cunt and thrust. Instead of the intense pain she expected there was pleasure. The cock slid inside her with ease and the feeling was pleasant, very pleasant indeed.

"Oh that is big!" she cried, "but so nice."

Orgun began to pump his cock in and out of the elf, his big leathery balls slapping against the bench as he fucked her vigorously. Emma became very aroused by the fucking she was receiving and forgot that the creature doing it to her was a big ugly festering orc.

"Come on you bastard! Fuck me! Fuck me hard and fuck me deep!" she cried as she felt herself nearing her climax.

Orgun gave a grunt and shot a huge load of green orc semen inside the elf. Emma had an intense orgasm at the same time. Several of the masturbating voyeurs shot their loads over the tavern floor.

"Me have go on elf now!" shouted Ogrun as he freed his incredible erection from his breeches.

"Come on then big boy," said Emma, "give it to me."

Ogrun put the head of his cock against Emma's ass hole.

"Oh no, not my tight little ass!" she cried.

"Ogrun not do sloppy seconds in cunt! Ogrun fuck elf in ass!" shouted the second orc. 

Emma braced herself, she began to panic, the orc's cock could rip her ass wide apart. But her fear was unfounded, the cock slid up her back passage nearly as easily as the other one had entered her cunt, Marlock's jelly had worked a treat.

"Oooh that's quite nice really," she said as the orc began to bugger her violently.

Ogrun rammed his huge cock in and out of the elf-girl's as for a minute or so and then gave a grunt and stopped. She could feel it throb and felt the thick slimy spunk flow out of it and into her colon.

The orc pulled his massive member out of the elf-girl and stood back. Emma let off a little fart and a load of thick green orc spunk sprayed out, some of it landing on him.

"Dirty slut!" he laughed, as he slapped down some more coin. 

The rest of the voyeurs shot off all over the tavern floor, coating it in their sticky mess. Ellie came out from behind the bar with a mop and bucket and began to clean up. The two orcs left, laughing and joking and promising to return.

"Well," she said to her sister, "Marlock came up trumps for us."

"Thank the supreme being for that," replied Emma.