  This is Part TWO of the Beach House story -- The first part was written back in 2010 but I had a request for more, so here's a little more. 

Thanks for the feedback!

*****

I peeled off the ruin of my wet dress, tossing it on the bathroom floor in disgust. I glared at myself in the mirror. Water and wind had created a mess of my sable brown hair and the tangles spilled down past my shoulders in a jangle of waves. Lipstick was smeared across my mouth from the kiss. My full lips were plump and bruised from where the young man had claimed them. Tears left my eyes red and puffy and my ribs felt sore from my heart trying to break from its cage. 

What was I doing? 

My body thrummed with residual passion, my nipples felt tight and my sex swollen and slick. I throbbed inside and out from the three pump wonder. His cum and seawater trickled down my thighs. 

I felt like a big, dirty cheater.

Why? 

We, my lover and I, never made any commitments. The exotic man did not wait for me. I wasn't obligated to be faithful. Neither was he of course but I had to adjust to the face the fantasy was over. I wouldn't see him again.

Him. The man who enchanted me, then filled my dreams with faded echoes of the most erotic days of my life. I refused to even think his name! 

It wasn't worth chasing after any other men when they couldn't finish the job. Andrew proved a perfect example. The young man was a distraction but not a satisfaction. He only made the itching need more acute. He underscored how much I longed for my missing lover.

I turned on the shower and slid my hands to my breasts, feeling where young Andrew's teeth pressed into my skin. It felt deliciously bruised and sent an ache mixing with the pleasure as I pinched the nipple. My pussy squeezed, and more of his cum trickled down my thigh. Thank God I was on the pill! Bad enough that I had been stupid enough to let him just fuck me raw like that. Desperate. That's what I had become.

I thought about my fantasy-lover and shivered, remembering how he slowly caressed his tongue down between my breasts before sliding his long, curved cock along the valley of plush tits. One of his strong hands cupped my cheek while I pressed my breasts together creating a cleft for his manhood to slip between. I loved how swollen and arched his cock was, the head larger than the base and while not thick, he was so long and angled, it hit the perfect spot inside me as though he were crafted for me. 

'Your skin is softer than anything I have ever felt my Pearl.' He rumbled, his voice vibrating up my sternum and into my heart as he fucked my tits. His thumb brushed along my jaw and the corner of my mouth as his lilac eyes burned into mine, devouring me in that gaze. 'I love your perfect flesh, and the pretty freckles here...' He bowed forward the kiss caressing warmly over the tops of my shoulders and up my neck, gracefully bowing his lithe body, ab muscles flexing as he curved down to me. 'Everything about you is perfect, like your tight, rosy nipples.' His tongue coiled out, licking the bud of my nipple slow and gentle. He never moved his gaze from mine, smiling in delight as I shuddered in pleasure. 'I'm going to fuck you until you can think of nothing and no one but me. I will consume you as you have consumed me.'

And he did. First, he finished fucking my tits, sweetly telling me how much he liked them and me while his voice grew strained with each stroke. Faster he moved, his handsome body flexing and rising over me where he straddled my breasts. Candlelight flickered off his bronzed body, his golden hair falling down his shoulders and back like a savage, untamed beast. The golden curls of hair on his chest made him glint and gleam in the twinkling light. 

He growled out my name over and over as his strong hips pumped and shoved his cock between my breasts. Each time he pushed forward, I got to lap the slit of his cock. The sugar-heat coated my tongue and his eyes rolled back in absolute pleasure, his thumb grasping my lower lip to pinch and he snarled dark and dirty oaths! 'That's right my little Pearl, you like to suck the cum from my dick don't you? Hungry my slutty darling? Let me hear how hungry.' He squeezed my lower lip until I cried out and begged him. 'How much do you want it Pearl?' He urged me, eyes burning into mine, fierce in the light of the candles. I whimpered that I'd die without it. I would do anything for his cum on my tongue. 

'Hold out your tongue then sweet Pearl. Aaughh. You're so beautiful my treasure. Wider. I have so much to feed you!' His voice broke and I felt his balls tightening with his load of cum. 'Tongue—out—fuck! Fuck! Rose! My Pearl. My Rose! Mine!' 

His hips flew faster, the wet slap of his body against mine filling the room as he roared out his pleasure. His body arched forward, cockhead swelling as it arched glorious and beautiful and the hot cum sprayed my tongue. The spun-sugar-spunk gushed over my swollen lips and bridge of my nose, my cheeks and forehead. 

Again and again his cum drenched my face and lips, my breasts and nipples. He groaned and at last, eased up to offer his quivering cock to my lips and mouth. He shuddered as he watched me, amazement on his expression as he panted for breath, mesmerized by the way I suckled him clean and dry. He was intoxicating! Not only the way he tasted, burning over my tongue but the sounds he made, as though I were the only one who he'd allow to take such liberties.

As I sucked him, he massaged his cum into my breasts and over my nipples. The caress of his thick fingers along my jaw and cheek tender in contrast to the hard fucking he gave my tits. 

Then, he slid down my body and kissed me warmly, not caring that I was soaked in his cum. Still hard, he slid the curved cock down my soft belly and across the swollen folds of my pussy, rolling the massive head against my too sensitive clit and between my eager lips. Finally, he eased into my sopping wet pussy and fucked me so slowly. There was no rushing no matter how I begged. I was soon shuddering in orgasm after orgasm around him. 

In the present, I stepped into the shower, washing the tears from my face. My pussy lips were swollen and my clit pert and sensitive enough it felt almost painful as I brushed my fingers over my cunny. "Fuck." I moaned and lifted a leg onto the rim of the tub, spreading my thighs wide so the water could rush across my pussy. Thank goodness for the adjustable showerhead. 

I took the handle from its holder, twisting then knob so the jet of water pulsed. Leaning into the cool tiles, I slipped the stream of water between my quivering thighs and cried out in a mixture of shrill pain and pleasure as the warmth lapped against my aching pussy. Hungry tongues lapped and spurted over the lips, clit and deeper inside my pink cunt.

The orgasm thundered over me almost instantly with the memory of the long, slow fucking fresh in my mind. I slumped down the shower and sat in the bottom of the tub, legs trembling and felt a new rush of tears escape me.

This wasn't how I imagined my vacation. I could masturbate like this back in California. 

I soaped and rinsed and soaped again, wanting to wash every last bit of the cum from inside me. Feeling embarrassed and somehow soiled, I washed a third time and rinsed before shutting off the water and climbed out of the shower on rubbery legs. I needed food and several beers. Oar House would be a good stop.

The new sun dress I pulled on was a lilac that reminded me of his eyes. It fell to the middle of my thigh, the neckline scoped low and the fabric had a stretch to it so it clung to my curves. I styled my hair, applied makeup as though I had someone to impress, and slid on the matching heels looking like snakeskin in shades of lilac and silver scale. I liked feeling tall in the six inch heels. I needed every inch I could get, standing barely 5'0, I always felt my height couldn't support all my curves. Big breasts, wide hips, round ass but not much length of legs. 

When I arrived at the Oar House, I felt almost composed and normal. The place instantly reminded me of him and I sighed. There was the familiar jukebox and our favorite tables. One sat up front where we could tease each other while forced to contain ourselves. The other was in the back where less people could notice us. This place held so many memories; it took an effort to push the recollections aside.

Several people working were familiar to me, the bartender, Max and one of the manager, Lilly primarily. Those two had become good friends to me and I regretted not keeping in better touch with them the instant I saw them. Lilly had changed in the past months, she glowed. Her smile looked wider with an authentic joy. As she turned to face me, her eyes went wide.

"Rose! Oh my God! You're back!" She sounded delighted, clasping her hands together, "Just look at you. You want a place at the bar honey? Or would you like a table?" She swept a look over me. I wondered if she could tell how miserable I'd been during my time away. 

"The bar is fine. I'm in desperate need of beer." I told her and she swept in close to escort me to a place. "You look great! What have I missed?"

"I can see you certainly need some alcohol! I've some tables to tend, but I expect you to tell me the whole story. Then I might tell you my news." Her black eyes gleamed with amusement as she patted my arm with her strong, dark fingers. "Max honey, look who returned to us."

"Well, it's about damn time. " Max growled as he poured my beer into a frosty glass without needing to take my order. His grey eyes narrowed at me and he also poured whiskey into a glass and slid both to me. "Damn, it's fine to see you Rosey-Posey. Time for you to give up that life in Cali and stay with us poor Southern folk?" He looked past me, as though he expected a companion to join me and frowned to himself.

"Oh sure, just as soon as someone decides to pay me what I'm worth here. I'll pack it all in." I settled into the stool and saluted him with the shot glass before tapping it into the bar and tossing back the whiskey. The smooth taste of his selection made me smile. "You didn't need to pour me the good stuff." I told him, enjoying the aged McClelland. "Jack Daniels is just fine you know." 

"Like hell Rose. We didn't think you'd be coming back. Half figured you'd finally sell the house and be done with it. It's great to see you." His eyes narrowed and he glanced around the room and then settled back on me. "So, the guy? Where's your guy Diondre." He drawled out the name with all the southern charm he could muster.

There is was. The name I'd been avoiding. I felt the warmth flutter up into my cheeks at the question. "I don't know. Gone." I thought about how much time we spent here enjoying drinks and—making out in dark corners while Max and Lilly pretended not to notice. Or played along. I couldn't hold Max's gaze and sipped the Abita, Turbodog. The taste of the wonderful beer accented how much I'd missed this. 

"Gone." Max echoed. It sounded less like a question than filled with skepticism. He saw my expression and his features sagged. "No shit?" He poured me another whiskey and rubbed his jaw, watching me. "Ugh, you know, you and Dio getting so hot and heavy is what got Lilly and I together. Um—" he lowered his voice, "She's not going to like me telling you her big news but—shit. GodDamn Rose. That boy was hot for you. You were hot for him right?"

I tried not to laugh aloud at his question and shrugged, trying to play it off cool, "We had a summer fling." I explained to him while rolling my shoulders around. It was harder to just brush this off when others witnessed the influence he had over me. "No big deal. If he wanted to be here with me, he would. Right?"

Max watched me toss back the next shot and cleared his throat, "Did you bring him back to Cali with you and he ran off with some Hollywood bimbo?"

"No Max. I'm as far from Hollywood as we are to Atlanta here. Besides, I didn't bring him with me." I pushed the empty shot glass towards him, "Have yourself a drink." I told him. Perhaps coming here was the wrong move. I didn't want to start crying in my beer like some desperate old woman.

Max didn't take the hint, or perhaps he wasn't ready to start drinking for the afternoon. His grey eyes went distant as he shook his head. "So, you didn't take him with you but he didn't come back here after you left. Guess that's what we get for assuming." He glanced towards Lilly and shook his head at me, "Well, that's going to really twist her panties. We were just talking the other day about what sort of wedding you two would be having."

I sputtered into my beer and blinked up at him. Max laughed and flicked napkins at me, his smile very white and broad. 

"We didn't ever even speak the 'L' word." I told him as he used the napkin to dab at the beer that speckled the swells of my ample breasts.

"Just cuz you don't say it, don't mean you're not feeling it. Other people could see it too. God Damn. So, you still talk to that boy? You stayed in touch? Or did you just crush his heart in a vice?"

I blinked a few times feeling heat rush to my cheeks with that uncomfortable mixture of embarrassment and shame. "I tried to call him but the number he gave me was disconnected." I blurted, flustered at this whole idea others saw my summer fling as something much more. "I think you're mistaken about what you saw. If he was so into me, why didn't he call?"

Lilly slid up at my side and placed a plate with the softshell crab po'boy and fried zucchini with a big smile. "So, where's Dio-boy-toy? Parking the car? He better get his tight ass in here so I can share the news with both of you."

"Lil'" Max said and it was the warning in his tone that made Lilly freeze and look at him and then at me as her mouth fell open in a jolt of understanding.

"Oh no." She breathed and motioned for Max to fill the shot glass again for me. "Alright, now you have to tell me everything. C'mon—" She flicked her long fingers. "We're practically sisters seeing that I've seen more of your pussy than any other girl I know—sure, it was a huge turn on at the time, but—well, yeah, you and that boy were hot and heavy. You have some serious explaining to do."

"Me?!" I croaked and frowned but Lilly fixed me with serious black eyes and her full lips pursed as she waited for answers. Being called out on how much and how frequently I flashed her and others made me flush several degrees hotter. I had been brazen and not myself at all.

"We practically had a foursome." Max reminded me as he pushed the glass over closer. "And you kissing Lilly? Well, probably the high point of my life. So far. If you two want to kiss again? I'll be right over here. Just let me get my phone out first. Need a Goddamn picture of that."

Lilly reached over and swatted his arm but then threw her arm around me with a smile. I tapped the shot glass to the bar and threw it back, letting the burn sink into my bones as I leaned into the lovely waitress. I told them what happened. At least I explained how he had not wanted me to leave and that he'd given me contact that didn't pan out and how he never contacted me. I sighed quietly, "So, I'm here on vacation, thinking I might find him." It made my heart twist to speak it aloud but they understood. 

"I notice you've not even said his name once in that little story. 'Mister Mystery man'? Bullshit. You don't have to be ashamed to say you liked Diondre." Lilly said and fanned her face with a hand before winking to Max. "I think even Max had the hots for Dio." 

Max laughed and then hmed softly, "You know who else had the hots for him? Miss Jones. Thea Jones. Remember her Rose? "

I did and the memory was one of the uncomfortable moments between he and I. When Thea had cornered him going into the bathroom and she'd gotten drunken lipstick all over him. All over him. He was furious about it and left the bar without even telling me. Only because Max noticed him leave as I heard Thea crowing about giving a hummer in the mensroom I knew he walked out. I wasn't upset, but he definitely was. I'd never heard of anything like that before. Wasn't that what guys dreamed of? The golden-ticket sneak bj in the bathroom! He claimed he didn't want that and not with that woman who had no right taking what didn't belong to her. After all, he'd been geared up sexually for me, by me and she had stolen the passion from him. 

Or so he said. I didn't quite buy it.

"I don't think he liked her much." I said, skin crawling at the prospect of them being together. "Does she actually live on the island?" Did it bother me because he'd acted so angry after the surprise oral or because I wanted to believe his fairytale story?

Max nodded, "She does and we see her all the time. We haven't seen him since you left, like I said earlier. We assumed he went with you. "

"I gotta say it again, the night Thea jumped his dick was really disturbing." Lilly said giving me a squeeze. "You were so cool about it. I would have put my boot in her neck if she were messing with my guy." She smiled and stretched. "Speaking of my guy. Did you see my ring?" She extended her hand and wriggled her fingers at me. She displayed a flashy diamond band on her ring finger, giving it a bobble playfully as though I wouldn't see it.

"You're engaged? What's this? Seriously?" I smiled wide, covering for Max who'd hinted that something was going on between them. I had no idea that they were that serious but felt a buzz of happiness for them being together.

"Yes we are! Think you'll be around long enough to join the wedding party? We're going to have a little bit of a party on the beach."

"Little bit of a party she says but—she's not saying how many people are going to be there." Max said and leaned in to kiss Lilly's cheek. "We would love it if you could join the wedding party Rosey-Posey. It's all because of you that we're together at all."

"Of course I'll be there! I am so happy for the two of you." At least something good came of my six month sex bender. Rose Clayton, screwing strangers and bringing people together!

The door opened and Thea came strolling into the bar. She was a younger woman, about twenty one or twenty two but between the six months that I'd last seen her and now, she looked to have aged. Perhaps it was the way she'd lost weight, her tall, willowy figure looked gaunt, her muscles sharp over long bones. Where Lilly seemed to have grown more beautiful and fulfilled, Thea looked haggard and ravenous. Her brilliant blue eyes had a cutting edge as did her angular cheekbones and the angle of her nose. 

There was no mistaking her beauty, she could have been a model. For all I knew, she was one. She wore a white dress painted over her toned, lean body, her breasts large and inflated, the best money could buy. Her tan arms and legs were bare and from one wrist dangled a heavy bangle of pearls.

I felt Lilly glance my way and I smiled at her expression of question and concern. I shrugged and smiled as I lifted my beer in salute. I never felt any threat from the woman, it had only been that one night as far as I knew and it wasn't as though the man in question was anywhere...

But there he was. I felt the breath punched from not only my lungs but my spirit as well. He looked whip-cord thin, his lustrous golden hair lank and ragged around his sunken cheeks. Where Thea looked hungry, he looked depleted. This was not the thick shouldered lover I'd shared my bed and body with. I thought his clothing strange too, he wore a tattered tank top and slumping shorts hanging from the bones of his hips. Perhaps it wasn't the same man. My ex-lover dressed with more refinement, not like young beach-comber. 

"Diondre." I allowed myself to put his names to my lips and felt my blood freeze. Painful spikes of ice ran through me. There was no way he could have heard my voice but his brow furrowed and he turned his head towards bar, his lilac gaze passed over me. I could see the expression of pain transform his features and felt a dull sense of satisfaction. Damn right he should look upset. That bullshit he'd babbled about how I should be angry about someone else sucking him off. Obviously cover for how often he was out getting himself slobbered on by any pretty lips?
