 My heart pounded. A trickle of sweat beaded down my forehead and dripped off my cheek. No matter how many battles I fought, it was always the same. My whole body reacted to the anxiety of waiting, moving in, preparing for the moment itself. When the battle was being fought, I was calm and focus. Awaiting it, I was a nervous wreck.

My thoughts flitted back to my husband, who was back in the city. He knew that I would always be an adventurer no matter what happened, and even after our two children and the nearly twenty years we'd been together, I couldn't turn down an opportunity to go out and delve into some dark space to slay some untold evil. Or, in this case, a very known evil.

I glanced back at the four men at my back. They weren't friends, exactly, but I'd fought alongside them a dozen times each. They were reliable enough to take on a little den of goblins. Each of them was strong, skilled, and at least passably courageous. Besides, they were some of the few men I'd adventured with who would leave me alone most of the time. The rest of them, especially since my body had changed with motherhood, irritated me with constant attempts at seduction. They'd make comments about my firm but curvy figure, or say that keeping my thick brown hair in a long bob nicely complimented my round and feminine face. Some of them were less reserved, and would comment on my wide hips, or my firm but large ass, or compare my breasts to large fruit like melons. Honestly, I'd had more than my fill of it. 

When I was a younger woman I'd enjoyed it and even played along, teasing them by giving them mischievous replies and 'accidental' peeks at parts of my naked body. The other girls and I would talk about what we thought of the various men we adventured with, from their fears and dreams and skills in battle to their 'size' and prowess as a lover. I'd never truly shared with my husband the extent of my 'adventures' as a young woman, and I doubted he wanted to know. I had admitted that I had taken a man in my mouth, and each of the openings between my legs, but he would have been jealous had I told him that all three had been filled at the same time -- more than once.

Likewise, when he asked me if I'd ever let a man spill his seed in my womanhood, I'd told him I hadn't. It was true, though only in a certain light. I didn't tell him about the list we girls had of men who couldn't be trusted to spill their seed where they were told. I never told him that I'd added three names to the list, and each time feared that I was carrying a bastard child. I felt that he'd understand that much, but he'd want to know more, and I'd no doubt have to speak to him about the third man who'd spilled his seed in me. I'd have to admit that despite the way he held me down and told me what he was doing -- worse yet, because of it -- I'd gone back to him dozens of times. Each time I'd tell him not to finish inside, and each time he'd dominate and breed me. It was only by the sheer will of the gods that his seed never took hold in me, and that we were separated.

I felt a little guilty for never admitting that to my husband, but I loved him and I knew it would only hurt him to know. Besides, I had sworn to myself that that part of me was dead. Each time those urges rose up in me, I pushed them back down inside. I was happy with my husband's average size, with the way he gently and lovingly treated me. I wasn't that person anymore.

"I think I hear something" Aldus whispered, gesturing ahead into the cave as he slowly unsheathed his sword. 

Each of us drew our weapons, making sure not to make much noise. We were all experienced warriors, and we all knew just how valuable the element of surprise really was. In fact, there was more than one story I could tell about how it had saved my life.

"There" someone else whispered.

I could see the shadow on the rocky grey wall of the cave, revealing the position of the goblin ahead. I could tell it was a goblin from the way it moved, and the height of the shadow only made me certain. Goblins, despite being somewhat formidable for their size, didn't have much in the way of it. We crept forward, slowly preparing, making note of where the goblins were standing. They almost always collected in a main chamber, and from the two dozen separate shadows, this looked like it.

Two warriors moved into a side passage, flanking the small creatures. They would never see us coming. I listened to their little squawks, alongside the deafening pounding of my heart. I could see them now, and all I had to do was wait until--

"Aaarrrhh!" Karikan shouted, jumping out into the little horde of goblins and swinging his sword.

With a splatter of blood on the wall, two of the goblins fell.

I ran forward, alongside the others, diving into the fray and skillfully cleaving the creatures. They began drawing their weapons in an attempt to fight back, but it was no use. By the time their weapons were out, half of them were already dead.

Out of the corner of my eye I caught a glimpse of dark brown, my eyes fixing on it. Sure enough, it was a crossbow. The creature holding it was standing on the other side of the room, placing a bolt on it, getting ready to fire. I raced over to the other side of the room.

"Graahhh!" he screamed, as my sword slashed through him and his limp body fell to the floor.

I heard a commotion behind me, but my mind was focused on the goblin beside me who thrust a blade toward my gut. I parried, then countered, not quite landing a blow. He was surprisingly nimble, even for a goblin. The two of us exchanged a series of strikes, ignoring everything else that was going on around us. Then, inevitably, I manoeuvred my blade around his and sank it deep into his flesh. Like the archer, he collapsed before me.

"Run!" I heard Aldus shout, looking over at where his voice had come from.

Instead of seeing my allies, there was a mess of corpses and a handful of goblins, all looking at me. I saw what I thought was the flash of an armoured boot slipping back out the way we came in, but no sign of what was going on. Until I saw the shadow.

I glanced to my right, seeing the large form drawn on the wall in darkness. The way it moved, I could only guess it was an ogre. There wasn't supposed to be an ogre here.

"Get her!" a goblin yelled, running toward me.

All I could do was move toward the way I'd come in, slashing and parrying and dodging the goblins. One went down, then another, then another. If they'd stayed a few moments longer, it would have just been us and the ogre. We could have taken an ogre if we'd all worked together. We had before.

"Aaaahhh!" I cried, falling forward an catching myself on my knees. A pain shot through my body. Something had hit me hard from behind, tossing me off balance and knocking the wind out of my lungs.

I tried to struggle as the goblins beat at me and clamored at my armour straps, but there was nothing I could do. There were too many of them. One of them pulled my sword away before I could grab hold of it again, taking away the only weapon I had to strike at them. Still, I struggled.

One by one, I felt them tearing off each piece of my armour. I felt a jolt of fear when the last bits of metal and leather were torn from me, leaving me completely defenceless. I thought they'd stop there, but they didn't. They pulled my pants and shirt off, ripping the fabric apart in places due to their sheer force and impatience.

Realizing that I was naked renewed my energy to escape, but one of them reached down and held a knife to my throat. I was smart enough to know not to push too far. Goblins weren't honourable creatures. They took my stillness as an opportunity, grabbing hold of my hands and tying them up with coarse rope. A moment later, I was dragged to the far wall and my arm restraints were tied to a metal brace above where they sat me.

As the few remaining goblins continued to chatter and coo, the thin line parted in the center. Where the goblins divided, a larger and slightly paler goblin slowly walked through their ranks.

Instantly, I recognized him as their leader. Just as described, he had a pair of scars on his left arm and a golden ornamental pin holding together his loincloth. The way he moved made me curse, recognizing the slow strut from before. It hadn't been an ogre. His shadow had been cast from flames placed closer to the ground, and our imaginations had run away with us.

As the leader approached, I knew that this was the end. Whatever they wanted from me before killing me, he would be the one to ask for it. Then, they would kill me.

Just to think. All we had left to face a dozen more goblins and him. We could have slain them easily.

"I demand to know what you plan to do with me" I said angrily.

Without any words, the large goblin reached down and gripped the golden pin. As he slid it out, the thick rags around his waist pulled apart and fell to the ground.

"What do you want?" I demanded. I tried to avert my eyes, but couldn't help but glance at the massive green cock that hung not half a foot in front of my face. I could tell that it was still swelling up and stiffening, yet it was already beyond the length and thickness of my husband's. It was probably larger than most human men's.

I had heard stories of the well-endowed monsters, but I had always imagined them to be embellishments. Now, seeing the size of a male goblin's organ, I felt my heart fluttering a little.

He stood there for a moment, stroking it as it swelled up to its full size. I could only guess it was ten inches in length, and much thicker now than it had been. Twice as thick as my husband's penis.

"You like?" he asked, noticing how I stared.

"No" I lied. "Put it away." I could pussy was getting wet, moistening with my juices, letting my vulgar curiosity get the better of me. With it right there, my mind kept wandering to thoughts of it entering my womanhood. I couldn't help but imagine what such a thick cock would feel like.

"You like" he said matter-of-factly.

"Put it away and tell me what you want from me" I insisted.

Ignoring me, he continued to stroke up and down the dark green shaft.

"All female like" he insisted proudly. "Male cock big, female cum big. All female want."

"I want you to let me go" I replied coldly. It was true, though my pussy clearly agreed with him.

He nodded, letting go of his cock.

"I let you go."

I felt confused. After a moment, however, I recovered from the shock of his words.

"Then do it" I insisted.

He shook his head.

"You kill goblin" he said accusatorily.

"But you said you'd let me go!" I shouted, still confused but getting angry too.

"Me make goblin" he explained. "Then free."

Now I was even more confused.

"You can't make a human into a goblin. That's not possible."

He shook his head again, reaching down and gripping me by the ankles. Slowly, he pulled them back toward him and apart.

"No make you goblin. Me make inside."

I felt horrified as his words sank in. I was frozen, watching as he spread my thighs and moved up between them. My eyes were fixed on the huge green thing, his hand wrapping around it, pushing it down to where my legs met. I felt him rubbing it around on my soft flowering lips, moving it up and down the wet valley between them until he found the little hole at its base. He pushed forward, painfully stretching it open but not managing to force through the fat head of his cock. As he kept thrusting, I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter despite how much of me didn't want it.

"Please stop" I begged, unable to do anything to actually stop him. I tried to push my thighs together, tried to wriggle away, desperate to stop him from breeding me.

But it was too late.

My stretched opening finally spread wide enough for him, and with a single smooth motion, the bulbous head slid forward and claimed the first inch of my hole.

"Oh gods!" I moaned, overwhelmed by the sensations of pleasure and pain which shot through my body.

Ignoring my cries, the goblin pressed on, forcing himself deeper until another inch of his cock was buried inside me. Despite my hesitations, my tremendous and growing arousal betrayed me, the entire depth of my path dripping with lubrication to aid him in claiming me.

Still overcome by the sheer sum of sensation coming from my pussy, I couldn't help but fear that his size would injure me.

"It's too big" I whined, but I knew deep down that was wrong. Not with my body so aroused and willing. Not with how desperately I wanting him to fuck me and breed me.

It only took a few minutes before it didn't hurt anymore. I could feel myself stretching out, adjusting to his size, learning to enjoy his huge cock as it pounded into me. Maybe it was the way I was moaning, or the way I had stopped struggling, but I felt my arms slip down and realized that he'd released me from my bindings. I instinctively tried to push him away, managing to pull myself away enough that his tool fell out of my pussy, but the success was short-lived. He grabbed my body and pulled me down onto my back, laying under him with my legs to other side. I struggled half-heartedly to force him off as he moved over top of me, but he easily overpowered me. I let him hold me down as he pushed up between my thighs, sinking his cock back into me with a victorious grunt.

Without thinking, my hands reached around to his ass, gripping it and pulling. With my encouragement, the massive green shaft sank into me further, filling the utmost depths of my passage.

I laid there, letting him fuck me the way my husband never had, urging him on with whimpers and gasps and cries. On one deep thrust, I felt him push up against the mouth of my womb, and I let out a shuddering moan.

Feeling the head press up against my cervix seemed to trigger some kind of breeding instinct in me. The fear that had filled my mind was replaced by anticipation, awaiting the coming insemination. I wanted to feel him twitch and throb inside me. That drive, that shameful lust that I had forced down deep inside, erupted forth and took control of my body and mind.

"Mmmmm" I moaned. I never thought that a cock as big and thick as the goblin's would feel so much better than my husband's, but it did. I loved how he was dominating me. I couldn't deny it, at least to myself.

"You like?" he asked me.

"No..." I answered weakly between muffled moans. I knew I wasn't fooling anyone.

"Maybe I stop" he suggested, a glimmer in his eye.

"No, don'--" I began, cutting myself off.

When he heard it, he knew he had won. He lowered his mouth to my neck and gently bit and kissed the sensitive skin there as he pumped his cock into me. I was normally so difficult to please, but it was only minutes before I felt the familiar tingling in my toes and the warm waves of pleasure pulsing from my pussy.

As he drove into me, I couldn't stop myself. I couldn't hold it back. It felt too good.

"Harder!" I begged, almost tipping over the edge to orgasm.

I looked down at the massive green cock that was pounding my hole. It was so hot watching it slide in and out, my opening stretched out so far by its insane girth that it clung to him. I knew that he was about to breed me, but I finally didn't care anymore. No, that wasn't true. I actually wanted it.

"Yeeees! Yeees! YeeEEEeees!" I screamed. His cock felt so much better than my husband's, and I knew he was about to make me cum harder than I ever had before. All I had to do was embrace it.

I felt the thick shaft inside me suddenly twitch and swell up, signalling his orgasm and finally pushing me past the point of no return. He was breeding me.

"Nnnnnggg!" I moaned, my whole body convulsing. My hands wrenched on him, pulling his pelvis against mine as his goblin dick erupted deep inside me and flooded my womb. The whole length of his cock shuddered with each spurt of cream that erupted from it, my pussy squeezing it and welcoming every last drop of his cum. There was so much that some was forced back out, dribbling down my ass and splattering on the dusty ground under me. But I didn't care about the excess. I only cared that I was full of his seed. 

When he finally lifted up off of me, I felt him take hold of my wrists. I was still dazed from my orgasm and before I knew what was happening, I felt him pull the bindings tight and begin tying me back up to the wall.

"What are you doing?" I asked, sounding more curious than angry.

He smiled at me, and pointed down between my legs. I looked at it, a thick river of greenish-white cum flowing out of my pussy.

"You kill ten goblin. You make ten goblin. Then free."

I felt a jolt of excitement shoot through me where fear and anger and regret should have been.

I looked forward to the next time I'd be held down, dominated, and bred.