 Hi there,

As the title says this is the second chapter of this story, so if you're unfamiliar with the preceding chapter you might want to read that one first.

I want to thank all the readers who took the time to rate/comment on the previous chapter.

And a super special thanks to Sophie and Jamie, for their assiduous proofreading and editing.

I hope you'll enjoy this chapter as much as you enjoyed the first one. I presume you enjoyed the preceding chapter or else you wouldn't have read this whole introduction. 

So long! 

---------------------------------------------------------------

A high cliff loomed on one side of the field on which they stood, and except for the rock wall, the field was surrounded by a forest of ashes, elms and birches. Marvin counted ten small and one big tent. Even with the four shacks, which leaned against the cliff, this wasn't nearly enough to harbor all the people that occupied the place. Klarissa walked immediately to the big tent, so he had to continue is observations while trying to catch up with her.

"Where do all these people live?" Marvin looked at her stern face, and with her eyes fixated on the tent Klarissa seemed to have forgotten about the world she was pacing through.

'What?"

"There are too many people and too few tents, so where do they sleep?"

"In the mine," she nodded to the cliff. "It is depleted and ran out of ore more than a hundred years ago. No one knows of its existence."

In the tent, there was a big map claiming the left wall. This, and the numerous rolls of paper spread out on the table, indicated it was being used as a war room. A man leaned over the table. His back was turned to Klarissa and Marvin, and a small group of people were listening to what he had to say.

Upon their entering, a woman looked over her shoulder.

"Robert,"she interrupted the man and nodded to the entrance of the tent. He turned around and his face bore a mixture of concern and irritation. However, when he saw who was standing at the entrance, only relief showed.

"My love," he exclaimed and with three long strides, he held her in his arms. "I was so worried." He grabbed her face and kissed her deeply.

Their little reunion was short-timed. They were barely in each others arms before there was a commotion outside.

"John! John!"a brown haired woman came into the tent. "Klarissa, I heard you were back. We have all been so worried. Where is my John?"

Klarissa turned around and her face saddened.

"I'm sorry. Marta. There was a second party. They took us by surprise, they killed..."

"No, not my John." Marta cried, her expression changed from shock to anger. "You said you would watch over him, watch over all of them," she accused with tears streaming over her cheeks. "Why did you survive!"

She took a knife from her belt and stepped forward. The crowd in the tent was taken by surprise, except for Marvin, he grabbed the woman's shoulders and then pulled her into his embrace. The knife fell out of her limp hand and Marta started to cry against Marvin's chest.

Robert just now seemed to noticed the stranger standing in his tent.

"Who are you?"he asked, then he turned to Klarissa. "Who is he?"

"I'm Marvin." "That is Marvin." they answered at the same time.

"Had he not rescued me, I would have been dead." Klarissa elaborated.

"In that case; Marvin, it is a honor to meet you. I'm Robert, the rightful Lord of Bramen," the lord looked calculating at the stranger in his tent. "I'm in your debt for rescuing my wife, tell me what you need and I'll see to it."

Two woman came and took Marta from Marvin's arms; they guided the crying mess out of the tent. Now freed, he bowed.

"The honor is all mine, m'Lord." he said, his lips parted in a smile. "As for my payment, I only want to serve you, m'Lord."

"Of course my man, you're ever so welcome in our ranks, but if you desire any thing more please tell me. Don't mind me asking, but have we met before?" Carefully, he studied Marvin features. "You look awfully familiar but I feel like I just can't place you."

"No m'lord, we haven't met. But I can tell you, we Nordsman look all the same, apparently. If I got spörk every time someone thought he knew me, I would not be a mercenary," Marvin answered laughing.

"A what?" a self-conceited looking boy asked.

"A mercenary, I used to be a sword for hire."

"I know what a mercenary is!" the boy snapped. "What did you say before that?" 

"Oh, a spörk, that is what we call the copper mind in my lands. A streets is what it's called here, yes? I'm sorry if there was any confusion."

"No worry, Marvin. We all know old habits die slow, especially custom from a home country," Robert said with a wide smile. "Nico, come over here!"

From behind the table, a small but broad shouldered man moved over to them, black shoulder length hair, a big gray beard and black eyebrows that gave him a shaggy look, but Marvin noticed that the clothes under his apron were as clean as they could get.

"Marvin, this is Nicolas, my good friend, a veteran of the Satlock war and first smith of our army. He will show you around camp and find you place in the mine where you can sleep. "

"Nice to meet you."

Nicolas grunted in reply and the handshake was a strong one, as if he tried to read the youngster in front of him through the firmness of his hand.

Marvin followed Nicolas towards the mine entrance, and although the old veteran wasn't the most outspoken person, Marvin pried some information from him. Nicolas had been one of the first to follow Robert into rebellion, appalled at how the Earl had nestled himself in the bosom of his former enemy, the King. Just as many other soldiers he would rather have gone down fighting instead of surrendering, so he couldn't stomach it to be ruled by the king in Satlock.

The mine had been their home base for almost a year now and since then, their number had increased to nearly two hundred freedom fighters, all equally devoted to their lord Robert and his wife, the Lady Klarissa.

When Marvin asked about the boy in the tent, it was apparent that Nicolas didn't like him, and he called him a weasel. However, his real name was Francis and he was the Lord's squire. Acted like a prince, though.

*****

Leaves rustled to the left of him, but Marvin chose to ignore it. One knee rested on the moist underground, the other bent in front of him. In that fashion, he sat as he peered into the woods. His bow rested on his lap, an arrow notched. They had been stalking their prey all morning, and when they left camp the sun had yet to rise. Now, it caused long beams of light to fall through the tree tops, illuminating the dust which drifted in the air. 

Finally they had caught up with the group. With his free hand, he signaled to his four companions; he had spotted their prey. He chose his target, a young male, pulled the arrow to his lips and let it go. He imagined he could hear the arrow fly, but what Marvin didn't have to imagine was the dull sound of impact and scream of pain which followed.

Two more arrows hit the young buck, all flying from different bows. It proved too be too much for the animal, which tried to walk but instead of moving forward, it fell to the ground.

Slowly, the five walked over to the dying animal. When they reached it, it was Robert who made use of his knife and released the deer into death. He inspected the arrows which stuck out of its flanks and then he looked up at Marvin, whose hunting skills he started to appreciate, and if Marvin's way with the blade was as fabulous as Robert's own wife had described it, he would prove to be a valuable asset to their cause.

"Right into its heart. That's some good shooting Marvin," Robert said.

"I do my best, m'Lord," the other answered in his humble manner.

"He does his best, did you hear that Nico?" Thomas muttered.

"His best all right. Would have been nice if he left us some game to shoot." The tone in which Nicolas answered was almost resentful.

"I will do it slower next time; that will give you a chance to watch and learn." was Marvin's retort.

The laughter of the three men scared the birds high up in the tree, who flew away to seek a more quiet place to rest.

"Come. Let us gut the deer and we can carry our prize back to the camp. Would you like to give it a try, boy?" Robert's question was addressed to Bram, Nicola's son, who had been staring at Marvin, his young face full of awe.

"Do you know how to field dress? No, you don't? Come on over and we will do it together."

The boy walked shyly to his father's Lord, who started to instruct.

"First, we lay the deer on his back and spread its legs. Then you cut its hide. Here take my knife. Start at its neck, careful now. Good, good and now around his genitals. The cock and balls," he explained upon the boy's puzzled look. "Yes, and now around the anus, shitter, up to his cock again."

By now, the boy was sweating in concentration. "Now that you have cut the hide, next is the layer of fat and muscles underneath. Take the same path as before but don't cut too deep for you must not damage the innards. Well done lad! Please hand me back my knife and I'll show you how to remove the bowels. Look carefully. Next time, I'll let you do this."

With his knife back in his right hand, Robert started the butcher's work. Next to him, Bram projected his full mental focus on the operation that enfolded in front of him, an expression of extreme concentration coloured his face. Every time Robert expounded an action, the boy's head bobbed in unseen nods.

On the way back, Lord Robert motioned Marvin to wait a second, until the other three had a head start that was to his liking and then he followed them, so Marvin figured he should do the same. They walked a short while in silence, something with which Robert tried to create some air of intensity. Marvin's curiosity was aroused; patiently, he waited for the other to speak.

"I heard you moved out of the common sleeping quarters and made you a home deeper in the mine. I hope there haven't been any problems or disturbances which caused this move?"

'Starting with trivialities, are we?' Marvin wondered what his Lordship really wanted.

"No, no problems, m'lord. I just sleep better on my own and I feel uncomfortable in big rooms, comes with the trade I guess. But I'll move back if it pleases my lord."

"It's alright, you can sleep where you want. As long as it isn't with my wife, of course," together they laughed about this silly notion. "And please, call me Robert in private. We may have known each other for just three weeks, but I've got the feeling Luck has send you here."

"Thank you, m'Robert," Marvin grinned sheepish as he corrected himself.

"There is something else I wanted to ask you, or more directly there is something I need you to do for me. Between Bramen and Karligen, on the high road, is a little village. In this village, I have left something for safe keeping, something very important for this cause, and now I need a trustworthy man to retrieve it for me. With rescuing my wife, you have shown your skills and commitment, besides that is there no risk of you being recognized as it is the problem with my other core men."

"Of course Robert, please tell what to do."

*****

Klarissa was glad she got away. Her morning had been filled with people bringing reports and people asking for orders. Although she knew as a Lady she had to become accustomed to it, she also needed some time on her own. Now, she finally had time, time to think.

Her time in the woods had been more than a week ago, and since then, she had not had a single moment to think about what happened between her and Marvin. Oh well, she thought about it; she thought about him. He was always there. He had his own little spot in the back of her mind. But time to rest and think clearly, she had not had.

The water rippled and the mirror forest faded away as Klarissa waded in to the basin. It was hidden behind high bushes, and whoever wanted to reach the place had first to crawl through them first. No one knew about this little paradise, except for Klarissa who had found it about six years ago and hadn't let anybody in on its existence. It was her own little spot.

A little stream refilled it with fresh water and at the end of the summer it was lukewarm.

She was now knee deep, and when she looked down she could see small fish swimming around her feet. Her toes curled over the edge to a deeper part of the basin. The fish scattered when her feet came free of the soil, as Klarissa dove in to the clear water. 

Had there been an observer, he surely would have enjoyed the sight of her naked body, swimming with powerful strokes under the surface, just not as visible as he would like it to be, cloaked by the water.

A short while later Klarissa was floating on her back, staring at to the cloudless sky. Her thoughts drifted, to her husband and as well as to the man she thought she loved. The essence of her dilemma came down to one problem: the fact that these characteristics ought to describe one and the same person, but they did not. There was Robert and there was Marvin. Marvin, whose touch she craved; and every time she saw him, her heart skipped a beat.

Two nights ago, she walked in the dim light which shone in the old mine's corridors. A hand grabbed her arm and she got pulled into a dark niche, lips pressed against hers. There they had kissed each other, ten seconds, an hour, who could tell? But when steps neared them, he had whispered, "Good bye my love" and was gone. Left her standing with a heart beating so fast she feared it might rip open her chest. Marvin, the picture of a loyal servant; his Lord, her husband. But when he was sure no one looked, he grabbed her hand and gave it a squeeze or he playfully pinched her bottom. The bottom of his Lady, his lover.

How could a woman function with such a man around, just beyond her grasp?

Small rocks pressed into her back. Apparently, she had drifted to the shallower parts. With thoughts of Marvin in her mind, she touched herself. Her hand cupped her small breast and gasped when two fingers pinched her nipple. She thought of his smile, his broad chest, his hard cock. A hand stroked absently over her abdomen; swiftly it passed and reached her cunt, and slowly, she started to rub. Then one finger went inside, to be joined by a second; together they moved in and out, in and out. Her left hand caressed and pinched her nipple uncontrollably. Water splashed where her right did its work.

Pleasure rocked through her body, and as she raised her pelvic high above the surface, resting on her heel and shoulder blades, she let out a long and loud moan.

Slowly, she sank back under, cooling her glowing body in the now relatively cold water. And while her mind was still foggy, she heard someone speak behind her.

"Very nice hide out you got here, though hard to reach," a well-known voice said.

Klarissa turned onto her belly so she could see the young man standing on the edge of the basin. Her well-formed behind, which he liked to pinch, stuck above the water, and the wetness, which lingered upon it, glittered in the sun.

"How did you find me?" she asked him.

"I saw you slip into the forest. I wanted to follow you right away, but first I had attend to to the deer we shot. Once it was done, I excused myself and set out to follow your trail, which was very hard to spot, so I knew it was yours. Later on, I just had to follow the sound," he finished with a grin.

"May I join my Lady?" a question he didn't need an answer to, since he had already started undressing.

"Yes you may," she answered nonetheless, and her stomach tightened in anticipation.

The sight of the naked woman in the water had left Marvin highly aroused, so when he pulled down his pants, his cock stood at full attention.

Klarissa's mouth watered.

Slowly, he walked into the water, his member bouncing with every step. And when Marvin reached her, she lay before him on the ground, like he was an idol to be admired.

Then she kissed his feet; she did not know what had compelled her to do so, but it seemed the right thing to do.

She kissed his feet and after that, she kissed his ankle, then his shin and his knee; to reach it, she had to sit on her own knees. When she kissed his inner tigh. his sack brushed over her forehead, so she looked up and via over her nose, it traveled to her lips. She opened her mouth to lick then she parted her lips even wider and sucked one ball in to her mouth. While this all happened, her hands had traveled up. Her left rested on his buttocks and her right slowly stroked his member.

After some time. Marvin took her by her left hand.

"Rise, my Lady, for my mouth aches to be reunited with your most pious lips." Klarissa smirked at his overly courteous manner. Yet she followed, when Marvin guide her up with one finger hooked under her chin.

Her right hand lingered on his cock, her left entangled in his hair, both his hands cupped her butt, and they kissed.

She let go of his member to lock her hands around the small of his neck, then he lifted her up, so she could wrap her legs around his waist. Klarissa's wet body pressed against Marvin's dry one. In that fashion, he carried her into the deeper water, their lips still locked.

Ignorant of the sudden disappearance of the soil, Marvin stepped over the edge. Locked in embrace, they went ducking, and then came back up spluttering and laughing. Careless like children, ducking and splashing each other, they swam back to the edge.

There Klarissa placed herself on Marvin's lap, his dick rested in the crack between her cheeks, and she whispered into his ear,

"Finally I'm going to feel that cock of yours inside me."

They put these words into action as she reached behind her back, grabbed the base of his cock, guided its tip to the entrance of her pussy, and accompanied by a long moan of satisfaction, she let his member glide into her. Their pelvises met once again. With her hands resting on his shoulders, she started to rock her hips. Marvin let out a moan when the warm and soft inside of Klarissa's cunt started moving up and down his cock. His hands rested on her hips and the muscle in his buttocks tensed and relaxed to meet her rocking motion.

One hand left the curve of her body to reach for her breast. She released her hold on his neck and let her hands rest on his knees behind her. Her bust, now proudly presented to Marvin's attention, bounced in time.

Marvin leaned forward and locked his lips on a nipple. The sensation caused by the swirling tongue led to a small orgasm, which Klarissa expressed in a high pitched moan.

Her grab on his knees tightened and water splashed due the ferocity of their mating, but the density of the liquid around them prevented any further increase of velocity.

Every time Klarissa moved up her cunt almost lost grasp of his cock, just to be slammed down again.

Deep down in his sack Marvin fell his balls tighten.

"Please, please. Come inside me. I want to be filled by your seed. I want you, I want your..." Klarissa's plea was cut off by a long loud moan. It was answered by a grunt which came from deep within Marvin's chest. And as Klarissa's inner walls started to spasm around his dick, he spilled his sperm into her womb.

Then the moaning stopped and once again only the songs of birds were heard in the forest.

*****

Although it had been a hot day, Marvin shivered. All day the sun had shone, as if the summer attempted to leave a last strong impression before making room for the fall. But night had fallen and along with the sun temperature had dropped.

Pale moonlight illuminated the path parallel to the creek, clouds rushed over. Passing in front of the moon, they cloaked the land in brief spans of darkness. "Yes this has been the last day of summer; from now on, it's autumn," Marvin reflected as he strode back to the rebels' den.
