 I stood outside the deck of the beach house, savoring the humid, hot air pressing the gauzy sundress against my sweat damp body. It felt wonderful here on the Alabama Coast, out on Daulphin Island. I was a world away from the frigid north bay of California, my frozen bones thawing. 

The dawn rays of sunlight glinted off the sugary white sands. My first day back and I eagerly scanned the coast where the water kissed and licked the land. Did I expect to see him striding out of the gulf waters last night? No, of course not, but I wanted it. I wanted to find him tucked into the too crisp sheets upon my arrival, his cocky grin slanting his wide mouth. 

I wanted him.

Sadly, the house was as empty as I'd left it six months ago.

The rain earlier left the beach clean and pitted by the fury of the storm, washing away all trace of human passage. I walked down the stairs, trying not to think of the last time I made my way down these steps. It had been the last time I saw him. The memory sent up a fountain of sensation. 

He held me pinned against the sun-hot wood with his fist in my hair and his teeth catching the nape of my neck. 'Don't leave me. Don't go this time.' 

I could still smell him, sweaty and musky from our hours of fucking. Even after all that sex, he still wanted and needed more. 

'I can't stand to go back. I can't stand to not have /this/.' His cock punctuated last word with a thrust that tore a sob from my lips. 'Don't. Go.' 

Deeper and deeper the thickness of his arched prick stroked my creamy pussy. He struck in deep, twisting his hips upward sharply to pierce even deeper before withdrawing to the head, letting it pop out with a lewd, wet slurp. Empty and weak, I clawed at the wood until he thrust into me again, driving the breath and voice from me as my whole body was lifted by the force of him.

I never wanted to leave, not this place and not him. I never wanted to turn away from him. Not only because he fucked the sense right out of me, but because my life back on the west coast was an empty husk. I'd lost the spring to lust and forgot the doldrums of work. But then life called me back. Only six months away I promised him.

Now, it was fall, almost winter and I was back. Sadly, the beach was empty and he was gone. Memories and the slick heat between my thighs were all I had left of him.

The number he gave me was disconnected the first time I called from the airport. Yes, I had second thoughts about leaving. I listened to disconnect tones chime in my ear and felt my heart break. Our time together was a wild flame that could not sustain me. I had to live in the real world. There wasn't anything for me in Alabama. I told myself I didn't care about a bunch of Goddamn rednecks. If he couldn't give me a real way to contact him, I had to admit it was a flash in the pan. He knew how to get a hold of me. He never called or wrote.

"You're not going out there to see that --man- are you?" My sister scolded me as I packed up, watching me with envy and sympathy. Maybe it had been only sympathy.

"I'm going out there for vacation. I own a house out there I hardly use. I may as well take advantage of it." I don't know why I had to defend my actions to my own sister. I felt silly, like a girl with a crush on the football hero, hoping he would notice her.

My sister just rolled her eyes while helping me finish packing. She drove me to the airport and she told me, in her usual seriousness to be careful.

I was done with being careful. My life was a series of plotted points on a map, charted to avoid all the dangers. I always walked on a path paved by others and patrolled so nothing bad would happen to me. Thus, nothing happened to me. From the mild little town I lived to my middle of the road job. I dreamed mister safe would be delivered on my doorstep. We would form a harmless life together. This wasn't asking too much. I didn't need perfect. I longed for this my whole life. Then, two years ago, I found this place on the beach. I met --him-.

I walked barefooted down the beach, my footsteps the first human marks in the wet sand. By noon I had lost sight of the beach house and toed through the foamy surf without a destination in mind. Perhaps I'd have better luck running into him if I hung out at the Oar House, or the Pelican Reef. At least I could have a drink and get out of the heat.

Alone on the beach, I strode into the shallows of the ocean, splashing water over my arms, the sea felt lukewarm in the oppressive heat, it didn't do anything to cool me. I stepped deeper into the curling waves, letting them soak my knees and then lap at my thighs and the already soaked panties. How could I get myself so worked up and frothy with need for a man I hardly knew? On the tiny chance that he'd remember the date that I'd return to the beach house?

I could only laugh at the mix of frustration and embarrassment warring in my stomach. Maybe I should just pack up and go back home.

"What's so funny?" Asked a familiar voice, sadly not the one I needed and longed for. 

I hesitated to turn and face the intruder, I didn't want him to see the heat in my face. He would surely see the raw need in my gaze. Andrew stood at the shore with his arms crossed over his chest, smirking at me. 

"I didn't see you when I was walking up." I called back to him.

I could tell he'd hurried down to catch up with me. Dressed in just his swim trunks, his bare chest gleamed with sweat. Despite the smirk, he looked much better than I remembered him.

"Yeah well, I imagine you were more interested in getting into the water huh?" He splashed in, moving towards me as his expression turned warmer, splashing me as he smiled. "You are looking great Rose." 

I admired him in turn; he'd widened through the shoulders and thickened out from the reedy youngster he'd been two years ago. And speaking of thickening out, I couldn't miss the way his trucks tented out as he waded out to meet me. "So, how long will you be here this time?" 

"I don't know." It was an effort not to stare at the cock swollen and hard in his shorts. He noticed how my eyes lingered on his groin and taunted me by wagging his hips back and forth. "Mom and dad let me have the house for the week, so," a lingering pause, "We don't have to worry about them this time."

"Listen, Andrew...that time was a mistake. I shouldn't have come onto you, you're too young and..."

"Rose, I wasn't under age." He cut me off, grinning wide at me suddenly, "And I don't think it was a fucking mistake. I am twenty one! It was only a Goddamn kiss last time." His fingers grazed the side of my arm, then swept down so his knuckles brushed the curve of my breast. "I'm old enough to drink now and I'm eager to show you everything I learned."

College Rose, not 'school'. The touch and his words sent a hot lance through my pussy. Oh God, he was so handsome and so young and hot! I couldn't stop myself from reaching out to touch his face. No longer so young, but still, he was only slightly older than my twenty year old nephew. The way he looked at me made me want to toss caution to the wind! "You're such a bad fucking boy." 

He pressed against me in a heartbeat. Water rushed up around us as his hands grabbed me and drew me flush against him. His kiss crushed my lips, wasting no time in claiming my mouth with a thrust of his salty tongue. He tasted so good and I felt starved, the craving for physical attention made my pussy squeeze with longing. It had been too long! My mouth parted under force of his tongue and a broken sound of need whimpered up my throat.

The way his fingers squeezed my arms hurt. The sweet pain burned all the way to my bones and made me ache for more. More! His tongue curled around mine, stroking it, slippery and hot as it filled me and coaxed me to him. I followed, darting past his lips and into his mouth until he moaned into me. My leg slipped up his, up his hip and curled around his side so I could grind myself up against the lump bulging through his shorts. His sounds of desire sharpened, filling my mouth with a vibration of desire. The sound he fed me, made me feel powerful.

Not only his sounds of pleasure, but the physical pulses making his manhood throb against me. I could feel it through the layers of cloth: my soaked silk panties and his shorts. I hooked my thumb into the front of his shorts and pulled down enough to get the cock in my palm. Hot flesh licked my fingers and a mixture of salt water and pre-cum made a slippery mess of my hand. God he felt so wild! A slow stroke down from the swollen head to the shaft and I took a full measure of him. So much thicker than I expected, I couldn't even get my fingers curled all the way around him.

Another stroke made him break the kiss with a growling moan and his mouth moved to my jaw and then down my throat. He switched from kissing to sucking until he got to my tits. There he was fouled by my dress, but only for a second! Grasping the front with both hands a sharp tug ripped the front open, popping buttons and tearing cloth to expose my breasts for his lapping tongue. 

Lost in ripples of pleasure, I could do little more than moan and hang onto him as his mouth closed on one nipple and suckled as though he found sweet liquor within. Tingles of heat bloomed from the point his tongue flickered, making me squeal and writhe. I had to rely on his strong hands to keep me upright. The rumble of his amusement heightened my pleasure.

He lifted me in the surf, his hands moving down to my sides and then my ass, gripping as he hauled me up. My legs coiled around him, squeezing thighs around his powerful hips. His fingers dug into the flesh of each ass cheek, spreading me wide until I felt like a peach on the brink of splitting. A savage tug snapped my panties and with no more barriers, he both thrust upward and shoved my pliable body down upon his cock. Steel and unyielding flesh smeared my greedy pussy lips wide!

His teeth pinned my nipple at the same moment to overwhelm me with pleasure and pain. My head and cunt buzzed as my pussy stretched wide around his fat cock's rough entry. With a growling grun, his teeth slipped, then re-captured my other nipple. 

A splash of foamy water fountained between us; my hot juices, his pre-cum and the sea. Holding me tight, he fucked me like I needed it; rough and brutal. Strong hips hammered up, slapping against me. He ground into my cunt until he was sealed to the balls. Swirling water tickling my clit and his cream filled balls as the deep thrusts spanked them against my ass.

A sharp bellow from Andrew announced his sudden and all too quick orgasm. The swell of his cock pulsed deep within my hungry pussy, spreading me wider with a surge of pain. A flood of heat followed as cum erupted from him in a steamy geyser of lust. His teeth released my breast as he gasped for breath, sagging in the aftershocks left by the fury of his orgasm. Shakily he rumbled, "Might have just knocked you up too." Amusement flashed in his blue eyes as he looked up at me.

I clung to him, floundering in my desolate hunger. He'd whetted my need but did not sate me. Even the lick of waves petting my burning cunt mocked me. There was just enough of the titillating sensation to keep me writhing, but not enough to push me over the edge into much needed fulfillment.

I felt cheated! I was denied my orgasm.

His amusement faded as he realized I was still rocking against him while he softened, slipping from my fucked snatch. "OH shit....oh SHIT! I'm sorry...I....."

I knew he didn't mean to, but it didn't ease the hollow ache. How the hell was I going to get all the way back to my beach house and my waiting vibrators fast enough?