 The tavern had gotten very popular since the girls had started using Marlock's special jelly. So popular in fact, that the girls were charging three groats just to enter the tavern on a Thursday night. Grun sat by the door taking the money and controlling the crowd. Uncle Ellis had his suspicions about what was going on but he turned a blind eye due to the increased sales of ale and nettle wine.

One day Lizzie the pixie was in the market place shopping for Derek's lunch when Emma approached her and offered her a job as a barmaid on a Thursday night. Lizzie readily agreed as she liked to get out of the house every now and then.

Thursday arrived and the tavern was busy as usual. The girls had secured the services of a trio of musicians who sat in the corner playing their little woodwind instruments and drum. They played for ale and a chance to watch the show put on by the beautiful elf twins.

The usual crowd of soldiers, farmer's lads, blacksmiths, and their apprentices filled the tavern. Nearly all the tables were crammed with males of all types of being. The twins and Lizzie beavered away, serving them as quickly as they could.

The band struck up a happy little tune and the crowd clapped along. Lizzie liked the music and began to dance and skip around the tavern as she served the drinks. The crowd smiled and laughed as they watched her. 

Lizzie loved to dance and she did not have much room to move in the gaps between the tables so she jumped up onto one of the long tables in the middle of the tavern and began to dance there.

Lizzie skipped along the table, span and skipped back again. She waved her arms about and swiveled her hips as she shook her head and kicked her feet. The men, elves and pixies sat at the table were all trying to look up Lizzie's little pixie dress as she danced around on the table. 

The band struck up a slower tune and Lizzie slowed down. She walked seductively up and down the table now, flicking the hem of her dress up now and then, showing a glimpse of her little pale blue knickers.

Ellie noticed what was happening and she jumped up onto another table nearby. She began to imitate Lizzie's actions, only her long dress was not conducive to showing her knickers. Ellie decided the best course of action was to take her long grey dress off.

Ellie untied her belt and let her dress fall open as she strutted along the table, showing the audience a glimpse of her pert young breasts and her silver colored satin knickers. All eyes turned to her.

Now Lizzie liked being the center of attention and on noticing the heads turning to watch Ellie, she decided to up the ante. Lizzie knelt down on the table, her back to a burly blacksmith.

"Unbutton me," she said to him.

The burly blacksmith had huge hands but he managed to undo the little buttons on Lizzie's little blue dress without tearing them off. She felt him stroke her back with his big fingers as she stood up again.

Lizzie skipped along the table, holding her dress in place with her hands, and then she let it drop. A sigh went up from around the room as the crowd saw the pixie girl dancing around on the table in just her pale blue bra and panties.

Ellie replied to this by letting her long grey dress fall to her ankles and stepping out of it, revealing her beautiful breasts with their pink nipples for all to see. She strutted along the table, swishing her hips, her sex covered by her satin panties. All eyes turned back to her.

Lizzie turned and knelt again, this time with her back to a panting elf boy.

"Untie me," she told him.

The elf boy fumbled with the knot on her bra strap but finally managed to untie it. Lizzie cupped her little bra cups in her hands and stood. She walked along the table holding her bra in place and then she let it fall. A collective moan of desire went up from around the room as the crowd looked upon those beautiful little boobs with their beautiful little nips.

Ellie took hold of the waistband of her panties and slowly lowered them, revealing her luscious blonde bush to the crowd. All eyes went back to her. Lizzie did likewise with her panties and all eyes turned back to her.

Ellie took hold of a young elf-boy's hand and held it up to her snatch, he extended his index finger and she pushed it up herself. He stood up and began to gently finger-fuck her as she stood on the table, her hips swaying in time to the music. As expected, a lot of the audience had their cocks out by this time and were slowly masturbating.

Not to be out done, Lizzie got down on her table on her back and opened her legs. She looked at an old dwarf who was sat watching her, saliva running from his mouth in a stream.

"Lick me," she told him.

The old dwarf climbed up onto the table and put his head between the pixie's legs. He pushed his face up against her hot little snatch and began to lap at her pussy lips with his fat tongue.

All the males at the table stood up and began to masturbate more urgently as they took in the scene. The crowd began to stand on the surrounding tables to get a good look at what was going on. Ellie conceded defeat, took the boy's finger out of her cunt and went back to the bar.

"Ooooh that's nice," cried Lizzie as the dwarf stimulated her vagina with his tongue.

"Oooh that's very nice!" she cried as he flicked her clitoris with his tongue.

"Oh fuck I'm coming!" she squealed as he brought her to a shuddering climax.

Lizzie's little bod writhed and shook as she had a wonderful orgasm. The crowd cheered.

Then the males standing around the table began to shoot off. Streamers of thick white jizz flew across the table coating the surface, some of it landing on Lizzie's discarded dress and underwear. All around the tavern cocks sent jets of spunk flying through the air, landing on tables, stools and the floor.

Emma and Ellie looked at each other and nodded, they had found a fine addition to their Thursday night's entertainment.