 * * * * * 

PUBLISHED BY: Red Garnet Media LLC on Literotica.com 

The Beast's Virgin Offering: The Dark Forest of Forced Seduction Copyright (c) 2012 by Bree Bellucci 

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author's imagination and used fictitiously. 

Adult Reading Material The material in this document contains explicit sexual content that is intended for mature audiences only and is inappropriate for readers under 18 years of age. 

* * * * * 

THE BEAST'S VIRGIN OFFERING: The Dark Forest of Forced Seduction 

* * * * * 

The last several days in the city seemed to drag out as Cassey waited for her last final exam to be graded by her history professor. She secretly wondered if he was as burned out with teaching the dry economic disaster following World War II as she was reading about it. It was finished now, she could move on and that was exactly what she had made plans to do. She had booked a flight for the next morning. After takeoff it would only be ten hours before she would land in Germany. 

She had dreamt of making this trip for so long that it hardly seemed real now, she still couldn't believe that she had a physical ticket in her backpack with her name on it and a passport to match. When she entered college her parents had given her a promise that when she completed her undergraduate degree they would finance a two week sabbatical for her to Europe. Nothing on a grand scale but everything she needed to enjoy three months abroad with minimal suffering. Now it was here; the time for her adventure had finally arrived. 

Originally, Cassey planned to ask a friend to join her on the journey but as life would have it she found herself so overwhelmed in studies and papers that she hadn't taken much time for making friends. Her focus had been on making the grades, taking on a full course load and more when allowed, and getting out of school as quickly as humanly possible with grades that would guarantee her admittance into a decent grad school. In the end she finally had to decide that she would need to embark on this trip alone. She didn't really mind the idea of leaving the country on her own. She kind of liked her independence and felt very comfortable with herself. Having been an only child she learned early in her twenty-two years of existence how to entertain herself and to be content with reading books and self-improvement. 

Cassey was always a day dreamer, even as a little girl she often wished she would someday be the captured princess of some wicked king or queen in a foreign land and had some equally dashing, handsome prince come to rescue her and carry her away... after, of course, slaying about ten dragons, and fifty vulgar, nasty, giant knights determined to have their way with her before returning her to the dark dreary dungeon in which she had languished as a captive. She grinned slightly thinking that in about a week she would visit real castles with real dungeons. 

She could barely contain herself and wished that she had made the reservation for today instead of tomorrow. She began to walk to her dorm. Final packing was necessary, moving the last of her things to storage, a final drink with Reed tonight and everything would be finished here. She would say goodbye forever to this University because grad school was at least a year away in the future and it would not be completed here. 

She snapped out of her little daydream at the thought of Reed. She had met him at a café one night just off campus. It was one of those artsy types of establishments where everyone goes and feels maybe a little more cultured or intelligent than they really are. They had an open mic night on this particular evening and Cassey wanted to go and hear some of the tales being spun. The theme for the evening was Medieval Times. It had always been a fascination of hers, the knights and spells, the mysteries that were full of fairies and evil lurking monsters. 

When she arrived, the small café was almost completely filled. She glanced around to see if she could find anyone at all that she might recognize from a class or the dorm but no one caught her attention. Next scan was to see if there were any half filled tables with friendly looking students that might invite her to sit with them if she approached and asked. She wanted to make sure that anyone she sat with would not want to chit chat all through the performances. That would completely aggravate and frustrate her. 

As she glanced around she noticed one guy sitting at a table alone with two empty chairs. He looked harmless enough. He was kind of tall, dark hair, well dressed in khakis and a polo shirt, nice loafers with no socks, which was indicative of the style of those times. She made a decision to take a chance because she knew those chairs could disappear as quickly as they had appeared and it was the only real possibility she had scoped out during her quick scan. 

As she approached him he must have noticed her from the corner of his eye because he looked at her, smiled and waved a hand for her to come over and sit. She felt relieved; she had not even had to speak to him at this point. She smiled back as he stood and pulled the chair back for her, helping to push it back in again once she was seated. She whispered a polite thank you. He just nodded with a smile and they both turned their attention to the stage. 

Reed walked her back to the dorm that night and they stood awkwardly at the entrance to the building and made some very light small talk until she finally said she had better go in. He quickly found a bit of courage and asked her if he could see her again. God he was so cute that night. They made arrangements to attend another session at the café over the weekend ahead of them. 

Cassey was relieved for him to go that night, but kind of excited that she would see him again. She wasn't sure what they might have in common other than an interest in medieval literature but she knew he was a soft spoken, polite gentleman. These things grabbed her attention enough to make her want to spend some more time with him. 

Now, three years later, she had said painful goodbyes to him and promised to email sometimes, then felt the sting of guilt as she saw a tear slide down his cheek. She was glad she had made the decision not to invite him to go to Germany with her. It had been a difficult decision to make. While they had not become attached in a way that either thought of it as an engagement of any sort, they had become inseparable friends. 

They had never consummated the relationship, though this thought had crossed her mind and she felt sure he would have been an attentive lover. However, she really could not seem to let go and give herself to him in that way. She had not ever met anyone with whom she felt inclined to give in to her sexual desires and fantasies in that way. She and Reed promised to see each other when she returned, in order to determine if the sparks were still there, and to decide how they wanted to proceed with the relationship. 

Though she would surely miss him, she was very pleased she had not succumbed to his constant hints at coming along with her. She was equally as pleased that she had not given up her virginity to this man at this time in her life. Having that sort of bond would have certainly given her great pause about leaving and going so far away with so much still to discover on her own. 

*** 

The alarm jolted Cassey awake the next morning and she quickly showered, dressed, pulled all of her bags to the front of the dorm, double checked her tickets, passport and identification cards and waited for the airport limo to pick her up. The driver pulled up exactly as scheduled, loaded all of her things into the trunk, opened the door for her and they were off to the international terminal of the airport. Once she completed all of her check-in requirements and had successfully passed through the security checks she found an empty seat at the gate. To occupy her mind, she watched all the people there and wondered what their stories were. 

Unless they spoke she couldn't tell the Americans from most of the other international travelers. She caught herself wondering who she would be seated next to for the next ten hours and secretly hoped it would be someone from a different country, someone that she could converse with about their homeland and culture as opposed to someone who only wanted to discuss the political situation in the United States or what she planned to do when she finished her studies. She had this eagerness to hear about something strange and different from her somewhat drab life. With that thought still looming in her mind she heard the boarding call. 

The letter on her boarding pass matched the first group called and upon entering the aircraft and being directed by the cabin attendant to her seat she was overjoyed to find that her parents had gone all out and booked her first class. She could not believe this, it was so unlike them to indulge her with something so extravagant. 

The thought never occurred to her and so she hadn't even checked the website for seating to see where she was going to be spending the long hours of flight. She definitely owed them a phone call as soon as the plane touched down on German soil. She owed them so much more and she knew it, but she also knew that they realized she was grateful for all the sacrifices they had made on her behalf. She never missed an opportunity to let them know. 

Cassey thought of herself as sweet and considerate of everyone. She wasn't completely selfless but she chose her selfish moments carefully. Going on this trip was a very selfish one. It would probably have been better to go on with grad school and get it out of the way and then embark on such an adventure but she decided that she deserved some time for herself. For the past four years she read and dreamed of all the special places to visit in Germany and finally chose a small village on the edge of the Black Forest, die Schwartz Wald. 

As she settled into her seat Cassey pulled some reading material from her backpack and relaxed to enjoy the flight. She had been studying for a paper about a Nazi plan in Germany in 1944 called Werwolf (Werewolf in English) a name given to the plan to develop a commando force which would operate behind enemy lines as the Allies advanced through Germany, when she accidently pulled up the wrong link and was introduced to a legend that referred to Werewolves of the Black Forest. 

She was immediately intrigued and had been reading everything she could about this legend ever since that time. After much thought she decided that she really wanted to visit this area of Germany because it was saturated with legend after legend of strange, mysterious, and paranormal activity. Not to mention all of the rich history and beauty purported to accompany this ancient place. 

She opened her book and began to sift through pages trying to locate the last page she had been reading when a voice interrupted her thoughts. 

"Hallo!" he said with a distinct German accent. 

"This is my seat," he continued. 

"Great!" she almost whispered to him. 

When she looked into this man's face Cassey was almost speechless because he was so incredibly handsome. He had dark hair and dark brown eyes. His eyes were so brown they almost looked black and they were so warm and engaging that when he looked at her she felt like she had been hypnotized. She noticed his facial features were well defined: higher cheekbones, strongly set jaw line, no blemishes of any kind, and beautiful, kissable lips. She couldn't believe she just thought that. What was worse, just like he'd read her thoughts, he grinned at her at that exact moment. 

He began to remove his overcoat to put in the closet at the front of the cabin and she noticed right away that he was dressed like he had just walked out of some important, classy men's magazine. Then, she remembered she was in First Class. She should expect such things from these well-off passengers. She let her mind wander for a moment while he put his coat away and wondered what this man did. Could he be a Count or a Duke or some other German royalty? Maybe he was a banker, or the equivalent of an attorney, or perhaps a German movie star. 

She wasn't allowed to immerse herself too far into those thoughts when he returned and began to settle into his seat beside her. Once he had put everything just where he liked it and had fastened his seatbelt, adjusted his pillows and straightened himself to a comfortable position he turned his attention to Cassey. 

"Is this your first trip to Deutschland?" He queried. 

"Yes, yes it is." She told him with a smile. 

"Are you going to be staying very long?" he asked. 

"No, I am going to stay about two weeks," she answered and continued: "Do you live close to the Black Forest?" 

He kind of laughed as he responded to her question that most everyone in the Southern tip of Germany considered themselves living close to the Schwartz Wald. 

"Guess it's going to be easy to pick me out as a tourist," she said a little embarrassed. 

"No worries, you will be fine in a week or two." He sounded so confident and self assured. Cassey was now wishing that the flight would take a great deal longer than ten hours. She was sure that she would not be sleeping on this flight. 

Once the flight was in the air and the Flight Attendants had finished all the service required of them Cassey couldn't help but inquire of the man what he had been doing in the States. He politely introduced himself as Michael and told her that his family had been crafters of beautiful handmade cuckoo clocks for generations. He explained that the wood for the clocks comes from the Black Forest and that while he had not developed the natural skills that are needed to build the clocks he was a very talented sales representative. He told her that he made a trek to the United States about twice a year to complete orders and sales arrangements for his family's clocks. 

She was fascinated listening to him as he related to her about the family business but she was acutely aware of something even more interesting. The more Michael spoke to her the more she felt a tingling warmth between her legs. Talking to this man was causing a physical reaction in her that was not something she had ever felt around Reed. Suddenly, she became aware that she had dressed comfortably for the flight and in lieu of a bra had opted for a camisole. This was now a rather embarrassing choice. Her nipples decided they liked this man too. They were now fully erect and pushing out from her firm round breasts like little signs that said: "Look, Cassey really wants to fuck you." 

Aware of the sudden betrayal of her body she immediately crossed her arms over her chest and pretended to be cold asking him if he would mind handing her a blanket from overhead. He smiled and found one of the plastic wrapped blankets, pulled the covering from it and placed it over her. She wasn't sure if it actually happened or if she imagined it but it sure seemed like his fingertips managed to brush over the erect nipples as he covered her. Her body shivered quite obviously and she smiled at him embarrassed. 

As they continued to talk she could feel the warm wetness beneath her skirt as it filled the crotch of her panties and soaked them. She could not help but wonder if he could smell her scent; she was sure she could. She didn't have much experience in these matters and was unsure how to stop something like this once it started, but she supposed she was about to find out. 

Cassey thought maybe a trip to the front lavatory was in order and was about to excuse herself when she felt the cover just above her skirt being adjusted. She looked him directly in the eyes and he was not smiling now. He had a very mesmerizing stare that she could not seem to turn away from. As she was held by his stare she felt warmth on her thigh just below the now drenched panties and she realized he had placed his hand under the cover and was moving it very slowly toward her misbehaving pussy. 

She could feel the goose bumps on her skin popping up and she felt the swelling of her labia as he touched her. She had never felt like this from the touch of a man. There had been times when she experimented with herself and she had gotten some minor orgasmic attention from her body but she felt now with this man's fingers so close to the forbidden entrance to her body that she was going to explode. He continued to stare deeply into her eyes and move his fingers even closer to her pussy when she felt one finger gently lift the lacy edge of her bikini' bottoms and slide underneath. 

A moan escaped her lips and she shuddered. 

"Wha, what are you doing?" she gasped in a whisper. 

"Shush," he whispered back. 

"I've never..." She could not continue. 

"I know... just relax and don't be afraid." he said assuredly. "Trust me; I know you; I have searched for you." The words didn't make sense to Cassey but she felt compelled to listen and to do as instructed. 

He rested his finger just over her clit and twirled it around in the pubic hair on the mound above her slit. She was no longer able to protest either with voice or body. She felt her thighs give in to him and relax, moving slightly apart as though they were inviting him in to her body. He kept his finger where it was and moved his hand expertly under the coverlet until he had his entire hand available to explore her. 

She could think of nothing she wanted more. She waited for his next move. He took his thumb and replaced the finger he had once teased her with and now used it to make tiny circles over her clit while he eased his middle finger slightly inside her pussy. She wanted him to force it into her, to push it in all the way and somehow, without words, he seemed to know this and he leaned into her face where his breath warmed her skin. Then in a whisper told her, "Not now Cassey, you're not ready." 

Cassey didn't understand, at that moment she didn't think that she had ever been more ready for anything at any time in her entire short life. She knew that she wanted this man to take her right now, on this plane, in mid air, in front of God and all these unaware witnesses. 

Michael continued this tease with Cassey's body until the Flight Attendant served their meal, at which time he withdrew his hand from underneath the coverlet, licked his fingers while still staring into her eyes and then prepared to eat his meal. Cassey was dumbfounded and her body was still on fire. All she could think of was what would happen next. She was horrified at the thought that when the flight was over this man, Michael, whom she barely knew, would pick up his bags, get into a car and disappear into a country that she knew nothing about. 

She was so consumed with these thoughts that she could barely eat the beautiful meal being served to her thanks to the wonderful fist-class gift from her parents. However, she had no difficulty at all downing the bottle of Riesling that came with the meal and quickly requesting another. 

Throughout the flight they continued to chat about insignificant things in their lives and tourist interests about Germany but the undercover play never resumed. Cassey was more than a little disappointed and tried in every way her naïve body knew to send him signals that she was ready for more of his wonderful fingers. He just didn't get the signals. 

As the plane began its decent into the airport they both began to gather all of their things and put themselves back together for a quick departure. Cassey tried to hint for his last name or his company name, anything that would tell her how to find him again but he seemed to be oblivious to her attempts and they went unanswered. 
