 Hi everyone,

To all those lovely people who read my first attempt I just want to say a huge Thank you!!! I finally found an editor and he corrected all the mistakes in the previous submission and fleshed out the story a bit. I am resubmitting a revised version of my first attempt. PLEASE, feel free to comment or give ideas where you would like to see the story go.

And finally, I hope you like the fixed up version.

*

02:36 am. I have been waking up at around this time for the past three days. Ordinarily I am out of bed an hour before sunrise, having my first of many cups of coffee and just scrolling through news headlines. But being awake at this ungodly hour for the past few days is starting to take a toll on me, even with my early bird habit. I need to somehow reset my inner clock to allow me atleast another two hours worth of sleep. I will be needing those few hours of extra sleep later in the morning, as I have a meeting scheduled with a company I have been trying to put on my list of clients for the past three years. Getting them onboard would be a major scoop for my small media marketing company. Fortunately, my portfolio of work I have done in the past for my other clients have piqued their interest, and they have, surprisingly, acceded to my first request for a meeting. So, I need to get some more sleep if I am going to function at full throttle.

Turning onto my side and hearing the bed creak under my 6 ft 2" body in the process, I close my eyes.

"This bed will keep the neighbors awake if ever I get laid again" goes through my mind. "Might have to start shopping for a new one soon" the stubborn thought continues.

Sighing in frustration, I try to steer my mind away from any thoughts of sex. I have been pushing myself hard for the past few months, ever since my break up with Yvonne. Even my gym routine, to which I stuck almost religiously for the past seven years, died a quick, painless death while being smothered under the unbearable pain of loss and betrayal.

Faint traffic sounds can be heard coming from the street fifteen stories below my bed. I shift again and slip my arm under the pillow, trying to focus my mind on blanking out the sounds and any thoughts flitting through it.

"I have to go through the presentation again before showering" floats through my mind while I finally fall asleep.

I was jolted awake instantly by a heavy, musky scent that permeated the air. My nostrils flared, trying to fill my lungs with the totally captivating scent. It was the primeval scent of raw, sweaty and carnal desire, something not diluted by artificial fragrances created by man to hide it. It was the smell of sex in all its glory. Taking another deep breath, I realize the scent is becoming even stronger, headier. I can taste it in my mouth, almost as if it is manifesting itself into a living being and is slowly entering my mouth.

Inhaling deeply again, the scent courses through my body and electrifies every nerve before finally exploding in my crotch. Instantaneously my cock swells to a full erection. The fabric of my sleeping shorts strain to contain my swollen shaft and starts to stain with precum. My erratic breathing sounds loud in my ears, penetrating the carnal fog which is starting to cloud my mind. Sweat covers my body, as if I have just completed a marathon in record time.

"Touch your fucking cock!" my mind screams at my hands. But they stay as they are, unable to obey. Nothing. I am totally catatonic. I cannot even turn my head down to see what the fuck is going on. Is there a terrorist attack with nerve gas taking place...?

"Look at me Chris" a sultry voice echoes inside my head.

Out of their own volition, without me telling them to, my eyes turn to look across the room to the furthest corner. I keep a small desk and chair for my laptop in that corner for when I bring work home. My eyes strain to discern anything in the dark, but then they notice a patch which seems to be darker than the surrounding, seeming to float in the air. Then suddenly, as if a hidden choreographer timed it perfectly, the lamp on my desk switches on. But my mind, which floats between coherent thought and a trance like state, noticed that there is something wrong with the light. The glow from the lamp seems unnatural and eerie, almost as if someone tried to shine a flashlight through their hand.

"Ethereal would be a good description" my mind pipes to itself. My eyes catch a flicker of movement and breaks the irrelevant train of thought before they settle on the figure perched, birdlike, on the back of the chair.

"How the hell is it doing that?" goes through my head, for I can't see any wing balancing it. Gravity dictates that the way the figure is perched on the back of the chair isn't possible without the chair capsizing over. While trying to comprehend what I am seeing, movement catches my eye again. It was caused by a long black patterned red tail hanging down the back of the chair and curling in upon itself on the floor. The hairless tail was easily more than five foot in length, and it tapered down to a blunt point which flicked every few seconds or so. Looking up from its tail, I notice the smooth, finely muscled legs which looked human except for the skin color. But instead of feet, the legs ended in a kind of animal hoof. Before my eyes could register more of the creature, it blurred. That is the only way to describe what happened. Because, it moved at such a speed across the room from where it was perched on the back of the chair that my eyes and brain only registered it as a blur. A cold sensation enveloped my chest, but I am unable to turn my head and look up.

"Look at me Chris" the sultry voice echoes in my head again.

"How the hell does it know my name" I start to think before my head slowly turns without being told to by my brain.

My eyes focus on the creature now squatting on my chest. The musky scent is almost overpowering in its rankness now and I realize that it must be coming from the creature. My lungs fill with the scent every time I take a breath. And each time I do, my mind becomes just more detached and scrambled. Once more I become aware of my erection. My cock was in need of attention so badly. And the urge to have someone, anyone, just touch my cock was so powerful that I felt like crying.

Looking up through blurry, tear filled eyes I notice the creature's eyes. It was like looking at dark clouds being blown past a full moon. Obsidian black changed form on the white of the eyes as if someone was trying to balance black mercury on a sheet of paper. It was the most captivating eyes I have ever seen. Still lost in those shape changing eyes, my mind suddenly struggles to comprehend the change when the eyes coalesce into solid black orbs. They had the same dead look that a shark's eyes have.

The creatures tail comes into my view and proceeds to stroke my cheek. Leaning forward slightly, an extremely firm breast fills my vision. I doubt Da Vinci in the prime of his career could have improved on the shape of the breast. It seemed weighty, but firm at the same time and I somehow managed to guess that it would fill a C cup bra very nicely. Topping this magnificent red breast with black patterns running down the side was an erect nipple almost black in color. It wasn't overly large, most probably because it looked to be painfully erect, almost as if the creature was out in freezing weather. This hard nipple proceeded to come slowly closer to my face until finally it was almost touching it. Trying to regain control of my movements again, I succeeded in opening my mouth, desperate to run my tongue over that dark nipple. The breast filling my vision slowly moves back out of reach again and an animalistic groan escapes my lips. I need release. I want to fuck. Anymore of this agony and I fear I might end up having a seizure or that my heart might just cease to beat.

"It seems that you are almost ready" the sultry voice inside my head murmurs

"You have no fucking idea! I can't take this anymore! What is fucking happening to me? Who, or what the fuck are you?" I shout at the voice in my head.

"Almost ready" the voice echoes again in my head. She, it must be a she with breasts like that, reaches behind her and teasingly runs her finger tip along the length of my painfully hard cock still covered by my sleeping shorts. Another groan, sounding more like some wild animal in rut, escapes my lips.

"Please?" I whisper up to her. Her eyes change again from solid black orbs to those floating patterns I first saw. Immediately after her eyes changed, the color of her whole-body changes also from red with black patterns to the softest powdery blue. Watching the changes being fraught on her body, I notice that her almost black nipple changes to the darkest hue of blue. Only later, after being forced to spend time with her, would I realize what the different colors mean. While staring at that unearthly colored nipple, I realize that I can move my head and eyes freely. Automatically I look down from her breasts, across her flat stomach and at her crotch. Her groin is covered by a short leather skirt, so I cannot see much there. My eyes travel past her covered crotch and admirers the muscle and shape of her legs which ends in fur covering her ankles above the hoof like feet, if you can call them feet. I look up again at her face and noticed for the first time the two black horns jutting out about ten inches from her brow. On each side of her head two very long and pointed ears stuck out through her dark blue straight hair. Like cat ears they seem capable of moving independently. Watching her ears twitching from side to side, I hear her voice inside my head again.

"I have been watching you for quite some time now Chris. "she murmurs in that voice that made my cock strain even more. She reaches out and strokes my cheek with her hand. The skin of her hand was freezing cold, although in my hyper sexed up state I didn't pay much attention to it.

"You will do nicely as an acolyte." she continues. "But you have to become first."

"Become what?" I reply to her in my head.

"Be patient little one." She replies in honeyed tones dripping with the promise of carnal pleasure. "All will be revealed before your sun rises." With that, she stops stroking my cheek and runs her cold, clawed fingers down to my chest, where she then proceeds to pinch one of my nipples between her fingers. That unearthly animal groan again sounds up through my chest. Her cold fingers on my over-sensitive nipple almost had me cum. I am so close to an orgasm, that any little touch from her might bring it forth. She leans closer, her blue hair brushing my face and looks into my eyes.

"Not yet Chris. Only when I command you to cum will you find release." Her voice echoes in my head.

"PLEASE! I NEED TO FUCK AND I NEED TO CUM!" I shout at her voice in my head.

Her lips curl into a sardonic smile and she pinches my nipple again. I feel my cock twitching through my moans, as if it will explode cum any second. But no orgasm is forthcoming. Just the most exquisite torturous pain continues to wrack my body. Her hand continues to trail down my body where she rests her palm flat on my paunch.

"This needs to go. My acolytes do not have any excess flesh on them." She smiles coldly down at me, while grabbing a thick wad of stomach skin. I feel her clawed fingers, very close to piercing my skin. She lets go of my stomach skin and her hand moves down to rest on my still covered cock.

"And this needs to grow still." She drawls while squeezing my cock tightly in her cold hand. I have never been so hard before, and she says I must still grow. I love my cock which is a decent 8 inches and thick enough to cause most women I have been with enough pleasure bordering on discomfort. Yvonne always asked me to go slow when entering her because of my girth.

"Mmmmm. But it will do for now." She groans softly while slowly starting to stroke my cock through my sleeping shorts. The musky scent wafts up strongly again from where she is still perched on my chest. A sudden warm feeling on my chest causes me to lift my head and look down. From underneath her leather skirt, a clear and viscous liquid is slowly dripping and forming a small puddle on my chest.

"Please, I need to cum! I can't take it anymore!" I plead with her, tears forming again in my eyes. I look up at her and notice her eyes changed to solid black orbs again.

"Poor little one." She chuckles and places her legs on either side of my body. A tearing sound heralds the end of my sleeping shorts as she uses her black claws to tear the fabric away. She moves her cold body down until my cock is suddenly enveloped in wet heat. She slid my cock into her in one deft move, not a groan escaping her from having it most surely stretching her pussy. My brain tried to take in the sensation of having her cold body on top of mine and my cock in her hot pussy. The heat from her pussy did not feel human, feeling a few degrees warmer than my fevered body. Her pussy muscles gripped my cock tighter than my own fist ever could. Without moving her body, I felt my cock being milked in the grip of her pussy. The whole experience was something my brain tried to analyze and make sense of. Cold skin, hot wet pussy and being fucked while both of us were lying completely prone.

"Yeeeessss!" she almost shouts in my head. "You were definitely worth the wait!" she continues while my cock is in the iron grip of her pussy. Somehow, she was moving her pussy muscles up and down my cock while not seeming to move her body at all. It was the most exquisite feeling I have ever experienced in my thirty-four years. Her tail snakes up to stroke my face again, while her black eyes bore into mine. I feel her hard nipples being pressed into my chest. My mouth forms a silent "O" and I feel my eyes rolling back into my head while waiting for blessed release.

A rubbing sensation between my buttocks breaks through my reverie of being fucked to death. I attempt to focus my eyes while trying to comprehend what I am feeling. It must be her tail, because both her hands are in my brown hair holding my head down. I feel the blunt end, well lubricated from her pussy juice running between my legs, being forced slowly into my asshole. It hurts like fuck!

"Relax little one" she croons in my head. "It is to ready you for the becoming. Without it you might not survive it." She smiles down at me. To say that that smile was the evilest thing I have seen, might be a tad of an understatement.

My eyes almost pop out of my head when her tail pushes past my anal ring and continues up my ass until it can't slide in any deeper. Having her tail up my ass and her pussy fucking the life out of my cock was just too much for me to handle. It felt like I was standing at the edge of a cliff, stepping out over the void. Before I could fall into the void, her voice echoed in my head in a commanding tone.

"Come for me my little one. Empty every drop into me.!" And before she has finished her sentence, my cock explodes in the iron grip of her pussy. My cock pulsed for a very long time while spurting rope after rope of cum into her hot wet pussy.

Finally, my pulsing cock stops spurting, while her pussy continues to milk it with those amazing inner muscles. My eyes focus and I see her looking at me with those black orbs, her smile full of pointy white teeth.

"Better?" she purrs her question inside my head.

My mind was shattered into a thousand pieces, so I could only grunt and jerk underneath her. With a wet plopping sound, she removes her tail from my ass, and it rises into the air where it swings lazily to and fro in the air.

Gaining some form of coherent though, I realize that my still achingly hard cock was being massaged slowly by her pussy muscles.

"Let us get some fresh air" she whispers. "Close your eyes" she says and places both her hands on my head. Before I could comprehend any of this, there was a thunderous roar in my ears, and I felt nausea pushing up in my throat before I lost consciousness. I must have been out for just a few seconds, because I could still feel her hands holding my head. Then I became aware of the gritty feel of sand on my naked back and buttocks. Blurrily opening my eyes, I see a towering sand dune behind the creature on my chest.

To be continued...