 OK... Any of you who have read Genie Chronicles or A beautiful Wish know how the whole genie servant thing works, I am not a very patient person so I am going to give myself a shortcut and just say that Gabriel has read a book that had a story similar to his situation, The genie will confirm That most of the details are true. she will also explain that some aren't (some of these details I do feel like explaining, don't ask why). If you want to know everything about the rules and regulations for the genie read one or both of the stories mentioned above (you should read them anyways because they are both great stories, It seriously depresses me that the authors stopped writing, I will try not to do that to you guys) Hope you like it. Comments are appreciated (please tell me what I can do better, I am trying to write a book that I want to have published and this is a practice run for me. I can use all the help I can get.:-) Thanks! 

P.S. I'm going to throw a little something in this story that wasn't in the others, you will know what I mean when you get that far. For now, lets just say that Gabriel doesn't know himself as well as he thinks he does, and don't worry, I will get to the sex in chapter two. 

_______________________________

Gabriel woke on Saturday morning up feeling well rested for the first time in what felt like forever. His back didn't hurt and the small, barely noticeable headache that he'd had for as long as he could remember was gone. Today was going to be a good day, no matter what else happened. He sat up in bed and leaned back against the wall to look out the window directly across from his bed. It was storming outside. 

Gabriel loved thunderstorms, loved the sheer unrestrained power of them, the wild beauty. And the rain was soothing. That was when Gabriel first heard the voice. "Good morning Master, I hope you slept well." The voice was soft, barely a murmur but it was as sweet and clear as the midnight breeze. Gabriel's head jerked around. His left hand found the hilt of the large Bowie knife that he had in a sheath attached to the side of the mattress, a habit he had picked up from a couple of his buddies, who were Navy SEALs. 

Kneeling in the corner of his room was what had to be the most incredibly beautiful woman he had ever seen. She was very small, very slender. Petite would be a good word. Standing she probably would have barely been 5'2''. Her skin was as pale as his own and her hair was thick and black with a faint blue shine to it. It hung straight down her back to the slender curve of her hips and brushed a luscious looking ass. Her body was delicate but very curvy, her breasts were probably large C cups, without a hint of sag, despite her obvious lack of a bra. And her face..... her face made Gabriel want to crawl out of bed and worship at her feet. Even though her eyes were cast down he could see they were a striking shade of dark blue, midnight blue. There were small flecks of silver in her eyes that created an effect that was almost hypnotizing. The woman looked like the midnight sky made flesh. 

Gabriel realized that he had been staring with his mouth open for more than a full minute. "Who are you?" he asked, somewhat stupidly. The woman answered in that same soft voice. "I am your genie, master, your sexual servant to do with whatever you wish." Gabriel's mouth fell open again and he climbed slowly out of bed, glad that he still wore his pants as they somewhat hid the thick erection that was growing just from being in the same room as the woman. "My sexual genie servant." He said incredulously. "Your joking right?" The woman just stared at him, or more accurately, at his hand, which still held the large knife he had forgotten to let go of. Gabriel tossed it on the bed without looking away from the woman. 

"No master, I am not joking. I am your genie. You wear my ring." she said, pointing with one small delicate hand. Gabriel looked down at his hand and saw the heavy silver ring from the night before. In a rush, Gabriel remembered the dark blue mist that had spilled from the glowing ring, as if from another dimension. "The mist?" he asked, "That was you?" The genie nodded, "Yes master, that was my essence. I did not exist before you put on the ring. That mist, and the sensation you felt was me drawing upon your subconscious to select the body you see and my personality. I was made to be perfect for you"

Gabriel felt like he was in shock. He almost thought that it was a trick, one of those hidden camera shows or something but he couldn't disbelieve her. He was well aware that there were things in the world that couldn't be explained. He had a few traits himself that most people would consider supernatural. Like when he was fighting. Time seemed to slow slightly, but his passage through it stayed the same, his enemies moved like they were submerged in water and he in air. There were other oddities but none so obvious. Gabriel shook his head to get his mind back on track. "Okay genie" He frowned when he noticed the small quirk of her lips "your name isn't genie is it?"

The small woman smiled fully and preformed what looked suspiciously like an eye roll, "No master, that would be much like me calling you human." 

"So what is your name?" he asked "And get up off the floor, that can't be good for your knees." The genie rose smoothly from the floor. The movement caused the slide of well toned muscle under the smooth skin of her legs. Gabriel forced himself to look away before he ripped the thin translucent cloth she was wearing from her body. "I don't have one" She said, "As my master it is you who must give me one."

Gabriel, who figured that that didn't sound any stranger than anything else that had happened in the past 12 hours, looked at the genie for several long moments and ran through a list of names in his head that would fit her. Some were close, but were missing something. Those names sounded to ordinary. She needed a name that reflected her. Something flickered in his mind. Something to do with his own name. He suddenly smiled. His last name was Erebus, The god of the Primordial Darkness in Greek mythology, if she was his perfect woman, and was bound to him for life, then the only name worthy of her was the name of Erebus's wife.

"Your name is the name of the Greek goddess of the night" he said "your name is Nyx." Nyx smiled widely, looking directly at him for the first time. "Thank you master!" she exclaimed "I love it." Still beaming widely, seemingly overcome with excitement, Nyx jumped straight into his arms and hugged him. Gabriel's erection, which he had managed to keep mostly under control until now almost ripped through the front of his pants. 

Nyx giggled, a sweet, adorable sound and reached down to gently cup him. Gabriel choked. It had been nearly a year since he had last had sex, so this perfect little creature touching him like that nearly had him shooting in his pants. She's a sexual genie, I might as well take advantage of that. He thought.

"Nyx, I wish that I don't cum until I am inside you and I want it to coincide with your third orgasm." he said. Nyx looked up at him and the silver specks in her eyes flared. Gabriel felt a faint tingling in his mind that reminded him of the sensation of the mist the night before only much less intense. Then the feeling that he was going to blow any minute eased until it was just a pleasant aching, throb.

Nyx's eyes stared up at him, they were full of tears. Gabriel, worried that he had scared her somehow, scooped her up in his arms and carried her over to the bed and, after moving the knife, sat down and cradled her in his lap. Nyx curled up against him and stared up at him.

"Why are you crying sweetheart?" he asked "Did I do something that scared you?"

"No master" Nyx hurriedly assured him, "its just that, as your genie, you could do anything you want with me, you could use me as a tool to achieve pleasure, you could humiliate and torture me, you can even destroy me if you want. That you choose to use your first wish to ensure my pleasure means more to me than you can ever know."

Gabriel thought about that for a moment, choosing his next words carefully, "From what I know about genies, I assume you are from somewhere in the middle east, from a time when Persia was the ruling power there. Am I right?" Nyx nodded "In that case, women didn't have a lot of freedom, genie or mortal, right?"

"That is correct master, women were seen as little more than property, genies actually are property." Nyx replied.

"Well, times have changed, modern women are equal to men, and you are too. You are NOT my slave, Nyx. I read a book once about genies, can you look into my mind and tell me if it is accurate?" Nyx looked at him and her eyes flashed again, Gabriel felt that pleasant tingle and the Nyx said "Most of it is correct master, there are a few small mistakes though. Mostly the part about the three wishes, you have an unlimited number of wishes, as many as you can think of, for as long as you live. And because of my powers you can live a very long time, master."

Gabriel nodded, "So the part about you being able to be my wife is true?" Nyx nodded, a look of intense hope in her eyes. "In that case, we are going to have a real relationship, not just be master and slave. Althooough" he said, dragging the word out and smiling slightly at her "If you want to play those kinds of games in bed them I can get into that. Also, if it helps, you can call me master in private, but in public call me Gabriel."

Nyx beamed, " yes mas- Gabriel." Gabriel smiled at her. Nyx swung around until she was straddling him. "In order for our bond to be complete, you must take my virginity Gabriel." she said, toying shyly with a strand of her long hair, still somehow managing to look eager. Gabriel raised an eyebrow at that. "Can't I just wish it away?" he asked. Nyx, whose eyes were looking suspiciously wet again said "No master, though I thank you for the thought. In order to complete the bond and unlock all of my powers, you must take me."

Gabriel nodded and said, "Okay then, I wish our clothes were gone." He smiled ruefully. "I would have you strip for me but that would probably destroy my last bit of control and I want to be gentle, at least for your first time." Nyx nodded and her eyes flashed again. Suddenly both of them were naked. Gabriel gasped as his long, thick cock suddenly pressed against the soft skin of Nyx's belly. 

Nyx looked down and her eyes widened, her plump lips forming a small O. "Your huge" she said, sounding halfway between awe and fear. "I know that it will fit but..." she appeared to be lost for words. Gabriel thought for a moment and said "How about this, I wish that you feel no pain from anything we do tonight." Nyx nodded, her eyes flashing. Then she looked at him briefly and looked away, looking embarrassed, relieved.... and disappointed. "whats wrong?" asked Gabriel. Nyx blushed and answered. "thank you master but..., I was made to enjoy pain as well as pleasure." Gabriel stared at her, not quite sure what to think of that. "You pulled your personality traits from my subconscious, right?" He asked. Nyx nodded. "Are you telling me that I want to hurt you? Nyx I don't want to hurt you, I find the thought abhorrent." 

Nyx blushed again and said "I like a little bit of pain, as long as it is mixed with pleasure, it heightens the sensations. I know you don't want to hurt me master but I am a submissive, not just because I am a genie, but because you like being in control in bed. You wanted a woman who is small and somewhat timid, but also mischievous. Someone affectionate and caring. You want a woman who needs you, one that you could protect, but who is also strong and can stand up to you, outside of bed anyway." She hesitated for a moment then said, in a voice so quiet it was almost a whisper. "You shouldn't feel ashamed of these things master, it is in your nature."

Gabriel frowned, confused. "What do you mean 'in my nature'?" Nyx looked very hesitant, almost afraid to respond. "I promise I won't get angry with you, just tell me what you mean." he said. 

"As you command master." Nyx said, she took a deep breath and continued. "You are no more human than I am. You are a shape-shifter." Gabriel was shocked to the core and almost yelled at her for lying to him, but then he thought about it for a second, remembered all of the things about himself that were so different from everyone else. It was entirely possible that she was right. He looked at Nyx and said "Explain what it means to be a shape-shifter, shouldn't I know by now, wouldn't I have shifted?" Nyx, looking relieved that he wasn't mad at her replied, "You are a rare breed of shape-shifter known as a Lykiir, which is a hybrid of a wolf-shifter and a tiger-shifter. All shifters are stronger and faster that a human. Their senses and reflexes are sharper as well. Male shape-shifters are very dominant people, they always need to protect everything they love. In bed they can be very controlling. I was made to enjoy that. Most shifters shift for the first time on the night that they turn 18 but you being a Lykiir comes a few different rules."

Nyx's eyes flashed again, Gabriel figured that she must be using her powers to access some kind of magical library to get this info. She continued, "You won't shift until after you make love to your true mate for the first time, but when that happens, you get a few extra abilities. You are stronger than other shifters, and all Lykiir are inherently more dominant than other kinds. You will develop what is known as Lais Chan Allu, it is a voice that, when used, people must obey. They can only resist if it goes against their deepest moral principles, and even then, only those who are strong willed. The final power is called Chwyrlia. It is a state you can enter where, for you, time slows. In reality, you have sped up your passage through. You can move and think as you would normally, but to anyone else it will seem almost as though you blur when you move."

Gabriel sat for a long moment thinking, then said, "This is a lot for me to absorb at once. I think that I need to think on it for a while." He looked at Nyx and saw that she look slightly disappointed. Gabriel smiled and said. "I just need to work this out in my head before I do anything else, this is kind of a lot for me to take in in just a couple of hours. First I find out I have my own personal sex genie, then that i'm not human, I need some time to think it all through." 

Nyx nodded, pouting adorably. Gabriel wished that their clothes were back in place, although he changed Nyx's attire to something a little less provocative than the harem outfit she was wearing before. Then he picked her up, making her giggle and carried her into the living room where he put in a movie for her to watch. She was instantly engrossed in "National Treasure" and curled up quietly in his arms, allowing him some time to think. 'Not human.' He thought to himself, 'it would certainly explain a lot'. After an hour and a half Gabriel was jarred from his thoughts by Nyx, who was tugging on his shirt and pointing at the t.v., indicating that the movie was over. 

Gabriel smiled at her and said. "Good, just in time. I thought about everything and I decided that I will just deal with the whole shape-shifter thing when when something happens. Not a whole lot else I can do anyways." His smile turned wicked "and right now I have a very sexy little genie to satisfy." Gabriel scooped a happily squealing Nyx off of the couch and carried her into his bedroom.

to be continued....