 "It is the custom these days, so I have been told," the king said to the wizard, "for monarchs to go among their subjects in disguise so they can gauge the feelings of their subjects towards them. To this end wizard, I would like you to turn me into a lowly peasant so that I may mingle with my subjects for a while."

"I cannot turn you into someone," replied Marlock, "but I can swap your mind with that of someone else."

"So he becomes me and I him?"

"Exactly."

"I need to be someone who moves around the kingdom at will, so I can meet with many of my people."

"I know just the man, he is young and handsome and healthy."

And so it was that King Colin became Tom the knife sharpener and Tom became Colin the king.

Tom rode towards the royal castle with a big smile on his face. He had been told not to issue any decrees or start any wars, but other than that he had been told to enjoy being king for a while. Colin pushed his little handcart with it's grindstone along the highway looking forward to meeting the common man.

"Good day sire," called the guard from the tower.

"Hi," replied Tom. He liked being called sire.

Tom handed the reins of his horse to a beautiful young elf-girl who was a stable-maid. He looked her up and down, she was very pretty.

"What's your name?" He asked.

"Emily, your highness," she replied.

"And how old are you?"

"Eighteen last week."

"Show me to the stables, I would like to inspect them."

"Surely you know where the royal stables are sire."

"Don't answer back girl, or you will feel the palm of my hand on your cute little ass."

Tom followed Emily as she took his horse to the stables, he liked the shape of her, he liked the way her ass rolled as she walked, he wanted to have her.

The young elf-girl put the horse in it's stall and carried the king's saddle to the tack room. Tom followed her in.

"How would you like to be fucked by the king?" He asked her.

"Oh sire!" She cried, "you are so blunt!"

"Come on girly, I'm the king," said Tom, "get your breeches off and let me look at that lovely elf pussy of yours."

"Well I suppose I must," she said reluctantly, "seeing as how you are the king and all."

Emily unbuttoned her breeches and pushed them down over her slim hips. Tom let out a little gasp as he realised that she had nothing on under the breeches. He licked his lips at the sight of her beautiful soft silver bush.

Tom knelt on the floor in front of her and put his face to her sex. He inhaled deeply and sighed as her smell filled his nostrils. He stuck out his tongue and licked her slit.

"Oh sire, that's nice," Emily said to him as he licked her out.

Tom slipped two of his fingers inside her and wriggled them about, when he withdrew them they were dripping wet.

"Get on your hands and knees," he told her, "and prepare for some royal sausage"

Emily did as she was told and got down on all-fours on the straw-covered stone floor. Tom swiftly dropped his breeches to his knees, knelt behind her and positioned his erect cock at her hole.

"Oh goodness!" cried Emily as she felt Tom's length slip into her.

"Ooh that's nice and tight," said Tom as he buried himself balls-deep inside the young elf-girl.

Tom fucked her with long slow strokes, pulling all the way out and then pushing all the way in. It wasn't long before she started to moan and writhe with ecstacy.

"Oh yes sire!" She cried, "fuck me! Fuck me harder, fuck me faster!"

Tom increased the speed of his thrusting and very quickly Emily let out a long low moan and came, and what an orgasm it was.

"Bloody hell!" He cried, "I can feel your cunt squeezing my cock like it's in a vice. I was told elf-girls come hard, but wow, this is fantastic!"

The squeezing action of Emily's cunt was too much for Tom and he shot a huge load of scalding hot spunk into her.

"I shall have to go riding more often," he said to her as they sat together on the tack room floor, "or at least visit my stables to see my favourite mount."

"Oh sire," Emily replied, "you are a one."

Colin pushed his handcart into the village and was soon approached by a young woman carrying a knife.

"How much to sharpen this?" She asked him.

"Er, three groats?" He replied, not having a clue how much to ask for.

"Two would be better," she said.

Colin looked at the young woman. She was very attractive, with long wavy brown hair and a full bosom. He guessed that her long flowing skirt covered some very nice shapely legs.

"Two and a kiss," he said.

"Umm," she replied, "I suppose that would be o.k., but only a kiss mind you, nothing else."

"No mistress," said Colin, "nothing else."

"Very well, bring the sharpened knife to my cottage and I shall pay you."

Ten minutes later Colin was standing in the woman's little cottage with his tongue in her mouth, snogging her for all he was worth. He ran his hands up and down her body as she kissed her, eliciting little muffled moans of pleasure from her.

"Right, you have had your kiss," she said as she broke the embrace.

"I will forgo the two groats if you let me kiss you somewhere else," he said to her.

"you mean here?" She asked as she lifted her skirts, a wicked smile on her face.

The woman was wearing no undergarments and Colin swallowed as he took in the sight of her lovely brown bush. He knelt on the floor and looked up at her for permission.

"Go on then," she said to him, "a kiss, but no more."

Colin put his face to her sex and puckered his lips. The woman stood with her legs slightly apart to let him get to her and he planted a kiss on her labia, inhaling deeply as he did so. Colin liked the scent of a woman and this one smelled so sweet.

"There, that's done," she said as she pushed his head away, "now on your way."

Colin looked up at her pleadingly, he really wanted to give her a good licking. "I want more," he said in a whiny voice. As the King, he was used to getting his own way and being deprived of his pleasure by the woman was alien to him.

"Well you can't have it," she told him, "now bugger off before I hit you with my frying pan!"

Colin got up and walked to the door, he turned and looked at the woman, she really was very attractive and had become more desirable because of her resistance to him. Colin had a very sad look on his face.

"Tell you what," the woman said as he was about to leave, "I have some more knives and an axe that need sharpening, do those for me and we shall see what happens."

Colin's expression changed to one of joy, his shoulders came up and a big smile appeared on his face.

"Where are they?" He asked eagerly, "let me have them!"

Colin took the items out to his grindstone and set to work, it took him quite some time to sharpen all the objects but he set to it with a dedication unknown in the knife-sharpening trade.

"Here we are," he said as he placed all the sharpened things on the woman's table, "now, how are you going to pay me?"

"Well," she replied as she began to unlace her bodice, "I thought I might let you take a look at my bosom."

"That would be nice," replied Colin.

The woman opened her bodice to reveal a pair of large firm breasts with big pink nipples. "How would you like to suck on these?" She asked him.

"I would like to very much mistress," Colin said, his mouth watering.

"You can call me Mel," the woman told him," what is your name?"

"Er, Tom," replied Colin, "yes, Tom the knife sharpener, that's my name."

Mel unbuttoned her skirt and let it fall to the ground. Colin's mouth watered all the more at the sight of her long shapely legs. Mel got close to him and pulled his head towards her breasts, Colin took her left nipple in his mouth and started suckling like a piglet.

"Oooh," murmured Mel, "I do like having my nips sucked."

Colin turned his attention to her right teat after a minute or so, making that stiffen too.

"There is something else you can suck on," Mel whispered to him as she pulled his head away from her tit.

Colin tore off his clothes as Mel went over to her bed and lay down. She lay on her back and drew up her legs, her feet flat on the mattress, her knees as far apart as they could be.

"Can you guess what it is?" She asked him.

Colin did not reply, he just got his face down between her thighs and put his lips around her stiff little love-bud. He wiggled his tongue on her clit and then ever so gently sucked at it.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck!" She cried as she felt him stimulate her, making her juice flow from her slit.

Colin spent a minute or so bringing her off and then, judging the time to be right, got his head out from between her legs and put his body in.

"Oh goodness!" She cried as she felt his stiff cock fill her hot wet cunt.

"Oh yes!" Cried Colin as he slipped inside her and then started fucking her.

Colin rammed his cock in and out of the young beauty vigorously, enjoying the best fuck he had had for a long time.

"Yes! Yes! YESSSSS!" She shouted as she was taken to paradise by the randy old king in the randy young body.

"Oh fucking hell!" Shouted Colin as he put a copious amount of thick creamy spunk inside Mel's body.

After Colin had climbed off of her, they lay side by side in silence, each enjoying coming down from their sexual high. A minute or so later, Colin broke the silence.

"What do you think of our king?" He asked.

"He's alright," came the reply, "he leaves us alone and we leave him alone."

Colin smiled, at least this subject thought well of him.

Later that morning, Colin kissed Mel goodbye and pushed his little handcart out of the village and off towards the next one.