 Tom was sitting in the throne room when the king's herald came in.

"Majesty," he said to Tom, "Lady Grasper seeks an audience with you, she has brought her daughter with her."

"Show them in," said Tom, "let's hear what they have to say."

The herald left the throne room to reappear a few seconds later accompanied by two women, one a fine looking buxom woman of about forty and the other a willowy blonde of no more than eighteen.

'Fuck me!' Thought Tom, 'the mother is a full-bodied beauty and her daughter is a goddess.'

"The lady Grasper and her daughter Gina," announced the herald as he retired from the room.

"What do you wish to say to me?" Asked Tom, trying to sound a bit like a king.

"Sire," said lady Grasper, "as you may know, I am but a poor widow, trying to survive in these harsh times. My daughter, Gina, has come of age and I wish her to marry. I was hoping you could tell one of your rich barons or lords to take her hand and take her off my hands."

Tom looked at the young blonde and his heart melted.

'She deserves to be happy,' he thought to himself, ''not married off to some old fart just because he has lots of loot.'

"Very well," said Tom to Griselda Grasper, "I shall consider your petition. In the meantime you and your daughter are welcome to stay in the castle as my guests. My scribe will show you to your rooms."

Tom turned to his scribe, Dennis, who was sitting cross-legged on the floor next to the throne taking notes of Tom's various pearls of wisdom.

"Take these ladies to their rooms," he told Dennis, "and send in some mulled wine and biscuits."

Dennis jumped to his feet and went to the two women.

"Ladies," he said as he took Griselda by the hand and led her towards the door, "please follow me."

The lord chancellor appeared from behind a curtain to the side of the room.

"Poor widow my ass!" He hissed, "Griselda Grasper was left a large fortune in both land and gold and now she wants to marry her daughter off to get even more. She needs to be taught that there is more to life than riches."

Tom pondered the situation and a plan began to form.

Dennis led the two women along passageways and down stairs until they came to some rooms which were set aside for guests.

"You are in here," he told Gina as he opened a door to a very nice bedroom, "and you my lady are in this one," he said as he opened the door to the next room, "I shall send a maid with your luggage and let you get settled."

Gina sat on the bed and sighed, 'if only mama would let me find a man I could love,' she thought to herself, ' and not force me to marry for money.'

Griselda sat on the bed in the next room and smiled, 'soon I shall have a rich son-in-law' she though to herself, 'and access to even more moolah.'

After their luggage had been brought to them and the maid had unpacked for them there came a knock on Griselda's door.

"Come in," the avaricious beauty called out, "I am decent."

Dennis entered the room, a wicked grin on his face.

"Lady Griselda," he said to her, "I have the king's ear and can help you in your quest of finding a rich suitor for your daughter."

"Oh," replied Griselda, a grin appearing on her face, "can you really?"

"Of course you would have to do something for me in return," said the randy note-taker.

"And what might that be?" Asked the mature beauty.

"Accommodate this fellow in your womanly body," answered Dennis as he whipped out twelve inches of fleshy penis.

Now Dennis was not a physically large man by any means. Standing at five feet nothing with skinny arms and legs, he looked almost undernourished. Rumour was that his cock and rather large balls used up all the calories that his healthy appetite consumed.

"Well I never expected you to have one that big," said Griselda as she looked at Dennis's pride and joy with a certain longing to feel it fill her, "you will have to get me warmed up before I can receive such a monster."

Dennis went to Griselda and led her to the bed. They both climbed onto it, Griselda lay on her back and Dennis knelt beside her. They started kissing, their tongues meeting and wriggling around like two snakes dancing.

Dennis started to massage Griselda's large breasts through the material of her bodice and she let out a muffled moan of delight as she became aroused.

Griselda put her fingers around the shaft of Dennis's cock which was achieving the status of an enormous erection. She could not quite encircle it's girth with her slender fingers and she felt slight trepidation at the prospect of having to take all of it inside her body. 

"Undress me," the randy noble-woman told the well-endowed scribbler.

Dennis unlaced her bodice, releasing her bountiful boobs from it's confines. He sighed as he took in the sight of her lovely pink nipples which stood erect awaiting the attention of his lips and tongue. He tugged on her skirts, pulling them down over her broad hips and off of her long smooth legs. Finally he pulled off her frilly cotton panties to gaze upon her luxurious blonde bush.

"Oh my lady, you are such a beauty," he told her as he licked his lips.

Griselda spread her legs and looked him in the eye.

"Taste me," she whispered to him.

Dennis got his head between her legs and put his tongue to her puffy cunt lips. He licked along her slit and wriggled his tongue inside her a little way. Griselda let out a moan as she felt it poke inside her, stimulating her, making her wet.

"Oh that feels nice," she mumbled as Dennis licked her out, "just there, yes, that's it."

Dennis liked eating pussy and he had practiced his art on many females of many kinds, bringing a mature human woman to climax was easy for him and he brought Griselda Grasper to an earth-shattering climax within minutes.

"Oh the Gods! Oh the Gods! Oh the Gods!" She shouted as she writhed around, her insides boiling over, her juice flowing freely from her hole.

"Warm enough?" Asked Dennis as he emerged from between her twitching legs.

"Give me cock!" Cried Griselda, wanting to be filled with male flesh.

Dennis climbed between her thighs and lowered himself onto her. Griselda let out a moan of desire as she felt the scribe's cock-head slip between her cunt lips and enter her.

"Oh you are so wet," sighed Dennis as he felt her open for him.

"And you are so thick," she replied as she felt him stretch her slightly.

Dennis carefully pushed his length up Griselda and she took it effortlessly, they looked into each other's eyes and smiled, the young well-endowed writer and the mature buxom beauty were falling for each other.

"Suck my tits," Griselda told him.

As he gently slid his foot long cock in and out of her, Dennis put his mouth to first her left and then her right nipple and suckled. Griselda purred with pleasure, she was loving having his cock up her and his mouth on her teats.

"Oh my lady," Dennis sighed as he began to pick up the pace of his thrusting, "oh Griselda."

"Oh my God, this is good!" Cried Griselda as she felt herself being fucked more forcefully, the large appendage ramming in and out at an ever quickening pace.

"Aaaaah!" Cried Dennis.

"YESSSSSSS!!" Shouted Griselda.

Dennis stopped moving and released his load into her. Griselda froze too, she was coming hard, very hard, her contractions were the most intense she had ever experienced.

They relaxed after they had come and Dennis rolled off of Griselda and lay beside her.

"I can feel it running out of me," she told him as his warm sticky mess flowed freely from her open hole.

"I don't think I have ever come so much," he replied, "you were so lovely to fuck."

"It was lovely having your big cock in me, perhaps we can do it again sometime."

Meanwhile Colin was pushing his little cart along the roads of the kingdom sharpening knives and swords and sussing out the general populace. Overall it seemed that his subjects were happy with their king and Colin decided that maybe it would be time to go home.

Colin came to a small tavern in a little town and decided to stop for a drink, he left his little cart outside and went in, there was a very pretty elf-girl behind the bar and another who looked just like her cleaning the tables. Colin walked up to the bar.

"Three groats," the elf-girl said to him, "it's three groats to come in on a Thursday."

"Why?" Asked Colin, "taverns don't usually charge an admission fee."

"Stick around," came a voice from beside him, "you'll see."

Colin looked to his left to see who had spoken and was presented with the sight of a beautiful pixie-girl in a very short pale blue pixie dress with lovely pale blue hair and the most penetrating pale blue eyes he had ever seen.

"Aren't you a bit young to be in a tavern?" He asked her.

"I'm eighteen," she replied, "that's old enough."

Colin paid his three groats and another five for a tankard of ale. The pixie-girl showed him to a seat at a long table in the middle of the room.

"Sit here," she told him.

"Why?" He asked.

"You'll see," she replied, smiling and caressing his cheek gently with her fine tapered fingers.

As he sat and drank Colin noticed the tavern begin to fill with males of many kinds. There were humans, elves, dwarfs, imps, even a couple of orcs in the growing throng of customers. He watched as the elf-girls and the pixie went among them, relieving them each of three groats for admission and more for their drinks.

"You got the best seat in the house," the elf sitting next to Colin said to him, "Lizzie must fancy you."

"What do you mean?" Asked Colin.

"You'll see," came the reply.

After a few more minutes the little three-piece band in the corner started to play a merry little tune. Tankards were banged on tables and some of the customers started singing a bawdy song.

"Alright, alright!" Shouted one of the elf-girls, "here she is."

Colin's eyes widened and he felt butterflies flutter in his stomach as the pretty little pixie jumped up onto the long table at which he was sat and began to cavort around.

"Oh, isn't she a beauty?" Colin's neighbour asked him, "look at those legs."

Colin stared at the pixie as she skipped along the table, turned and skipped back again. She waved her arms over her head and wiggled her slim hips in time to the music, smiling at her audience as she did so. Hands reached out and touched her legs as she danced, tongues hung out of mouths, ale was consumed to moisten dry mouths.

The pixie slipped her little blue dress off her body and let it fall onto the table, a cheer went up from the crowd as she revealed her lovely body clad only in her little pale blue bra and matching gossamer panties. Colin could feel his cock stiffen in his breeches and noticed that several of his companions had taken their cocks out and were rubbing themselves as they watched the pixie dance.

The pixie jumped off the table, skipped across the floor and jumped onto another one. The males sat at this table gave a cheer as they got the privilege of watching her take her bra off at close quarters. Colin looked on in a state of wanting as he took in the sight of the most beautiful little breasts he had ever seen.

She skipped along the table, her little titties bouncing up and down as she did so, then she jumped off and landed softly on the tavern floor. The tavern became silent as they waited to see which table she would choose to perform on next. The pixie looked from table to table, building the suspense, the sound of a bag of coin being rattled came from somewhere and her avaricious instinct led her towards it.

The pixie jumped up onto one of the tables and the bag of coin was dumped onto it. The pixie picked it up and threw it across the room where it was caught by one of the elf-girls who put it behind the bar.

"Is this what you want to see?" The pixie asked as she slowly pulled down her gossamer panties.

Everyone at the table on which she stood nodded, their eyes wide, dribble falling from their open mouths. The males sitting at the other tables all stood to get a better view, Colin included.

The pixie slid her panties all the way down her long slim legs, stepped out of them, twirled them around her head and threw them into the air. Many of the assembled voyeurs tried to catch the panties and one rather tall orc was the winner, he snatched them out of the air, held them to his face, inhaled deeply and smiled a very broad smile.

"Uh!" He exclaimed, "pixie pussy smell sweet as honey."

For one young elf-boy it was too much, with a grunt he came on the table-top, sending ropes of thick creamy elf-spunk all over it, some of his seed landing on the pixie's cute little toes.

"Oooh!" She cried, "did I make you do that?"

He nodded, looking a bit sheepish at his rather premature climax.

"I think you should clean my toes," she said to him as she lifted her foot and wiggled it in front of his face.

A cheer went up as the boy leaned forward and carefully licked the pixie-girl's foot clean.

"Good boy," she said as the last of the boy's mess was licked from her toes, "now let's see about this table."

With that, she got down on her hands and knees and poked her tongue out. She lowered her head to the table and began to lap up the creamy mess that was there. She gave a start as she felt the stumpy finger of a dwarf probe her sweet little pussy. She looked over her shoulder and scowled.

"I never said you could do that," she said to the offender.

"Sorry Lizzie," the contrite dwarf replied.

She finished licking up the elf's cum, stood up and walked over to where a farmer's lad was sitting, a look of pure lust on his face. Lizzie took hold of the thick brown hair on his head and pulled him to a standing position. A cheer went up as she pushed her lovely little snatch with it's pale blue bush against his face and he put his hands on her cute little buttocks and pulled her hard onto him.

"Oooh!" She cried as she felt his tongue try to work it's way between her pussy lips and enter her.

Several of the males at the table emulated the elf-boy in ejaculating copious amounts of spunk all over it. 

Colin felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned to see one of the elf-girls looking at him.

"Drop your breeches and lie on the table," she told him, "that is, if you want to join in the fun."

Colin needed no more encouragement, he unlaced his breeches, releasing his turgid member which sprang to attention as soon as it was out and climbed onto the table. A murmur of excitement arose as the males at this table realised what was to happen.

"Here she comes," shouted an excited dwarf as the pixie pulled herself away from the oral attentions of the farmer's lad and jumped to the floor.

The pixie was helped up onto the table on which Colin was laying. She stood over him and smiled down at him, he smiled back.

"Fuck him! Fuck him! Fuck him!" shouted the crowd.

The pixie squatted over Colin, took hold of his stiff cock in her hand, positioned it at her hole and lowered herself onto it.

"Oh, by all the gods," he moaned as he felt her envelope him.

"Mmmm, nice," she sighed as she felt him go up inside her.

Colin could not help himself, he stared to thrust upwards, trying to get every last bit of his member stuffed as far up the beautiful young pixie as he could. The voyeurs crowded around the table, cocks in hands, watching the pixie bear down on the young knife sharpener while he pushed up into her.

"Oh fuck!" Cried an old elf as he shot off, spraying his seed all over the pixie's back.

"Oh!" Cried a dwarf as he too spent himself, this time streaking the legs of Colin's breeches with his mess.

The pixie bounced up and down on the old king in the young man's body, loving the feeling of a human cock inside her pixie cunt.

"I'm going to come," moaned Colin as he felt his seed rising in him.

"Oh yes,yes, yes, yes!" Shouted the pixie as she reached her climax.

Colin sent a huge load up her and she squeezed his cock tightly with her contractions, the pair of them experiencing total fulfillment.

The sight of the fucking that was going on in front of them drove the rest of the onlookers into a state of wank frenzy, hands worked on shafts at vigorous rates and spunk flew from cocks in all directions, pretty soon the table tops, floor and the couple on the table were all covered in steaming hot cum.

"Did you like that?" The pixie asked Colin.

He could only manage a nod in reply.