 David took a deep breath and made a conscious effort to straighten his shoulders before opening the door to the bar. While an attractive man of average height and weight, he was terminally shy and lacked self-confidence, traits that kept the ladies away in droves. It had been a long time since David had been out, though, and an even longer time since he had gone home with a woman. Standing in the cold air outside the tavern where he could hear feminine laughter and catch peeks of blond hair and bare shoulders through the frosty window, David felt the blood begin to rush to his cock merely at the thought of what he might find inside.

David pushed open the door and stepped into the bar. Almost immediately he was reminded why he only rarely came to these places, as a man with a chiseled jaw and massive pecs stuck out his foot when David passed. As David stumbled forward, narrowly avoiding a trip to the grimy floor, pec-man flashed him a toothy smile and said "Better watch where you're going, little man." Then the man turned to his companion, the gorgeous blonde David had seen through the window, and laughed. She whispered something to him through her sensual full lips and leaned forward, her spaghetti-strap dress barely containing her massive tits. She wasn't wearing a bra, and David had a clear view of her taut nipples poking against the flimsy black fabric. The man looked back at David and scowled as he noticed David staring at his date. David caught himself and hurried off to the bar.

David slid onto a bar stool beside an old-fashioned clock that had a pendulum in a glass cabinet. He ordered himself a beer and, trying not to act like he was scoping the place out, lit a cigarette and looked around the room. There were the usual frat-guy types wearing baseball caps and making fart jokes, and a handful of average-looking women sitting with them and trying to look interested. Near a window was a table of three enormously fat ladies looking bitterly at the other women in the bar. One of them was obviously watching the bouncer, a gigantic bald man with arms as big around as David's torso, with more than a little interest. At the far wall, David saw a man in a business suit sitting alone at a table with a strange expression on his face. Then David realized he wasn't truly alone; a woman was sucking the man's cock beneath the table. David could barely see the long brown hair that brushed the floor as her head bobbed up and down on the man's shaft. More visible was her tight ass. The mini-skirt the woman wore was far too short to conceal her red panties. David was getting hornier by the minute, and seeing that only added to his determination to find some relief.

David forced himself to look away, and then noticed the table nearest the restrooms, where two of the hottest women he had ever seen giggled at one another. One had dark red hair, green eyes and nicely rounded, heavy tits. She gave an exaggerated smile and struck a flirtatious pose as her friend, a lithe raven-haired beauty, snapped a picture of her with a camera.

After downing another beer for courage, David took a deep breath and, using what he thought was his coolest walk, approached their table. The red-headed sex-pot glanced up at David as he stared at the hem of her school-uniform skirt. "Um," David stammered. Before he could get a full word out, the woman moved her purse from the table onto the only empty chair. The girl with the black hair tried unsuccessfully to suppress a chuckle.

David turned away a bit too quickly. Rum and Coke splashed onto his shirt from a glass held by the woman whose massive tits he had just bounced off of. Looking up, he saw she was pec-man's girlfriend with the tiny black dress and deep blue eyes. She gave a quick snort and said, "God, you really are a loser" before continuing to the restroom. He could hear the gorgeous girls behind him laughing.

There was a woman sitting on the stool next to his when David returned to the bar. As he sat down she turned and, looking as though she expected to be asked to move, asked him if the seat was taken. "No," David said. "Please stay."

The woman looked relieved. She lightly bit her lower lip and twirled her dark brown hair as they talked. She wore stylish red glasses, but David could still see that she had beautiful green eyes. Her name was Brenna, he found out, and she also had a fantastic smile that more than made up for the thick sweater, which left a lot to the imagination. As they talked, David was happy to find that Brenna possessed a wicked sense of humor. Nodding toward the pair near the restroom, she said that anyone bringing a camera into a bar had run out of things to live for. She was great.

By the time Brenna excused herself to use the restroom, promising she'd be back, David was in heaven. He took a triumphant swig of his beer and, telling himself that he wished time could stop just at that moment, melodramatically opened the clock case on the wall next to him and stopped the pendulum from swinging.

Suddenly everything was quiet. David looked up and saw that everyone else in the bar had frozen in their tracks. People's mouths were stuck in mid-sentence, and still-smoldering cigarettes hung from rigid fingers. David felt a tinge of panic and walked toward the front door. Through the window he could see that the world outside was still moving. He noticed that even inside the bar, faucets still turned and gravity still worked. Somehow the other bar patrons' consciousness had been frozen. He reached for the doorknob, but then stopped himself as he had an idea. Instead of opening the door, he locked it and pulled down the blinds.

David scratched his chin and thought for a moment about where to begin. He walked quickly over to the table where the man in the business suit was handing a fistful of bills to the woman who had been sucking him off. The woman was stuck midway in the process of wiping cum off her chin. David took the bills, along with the cash from the man's wallet, several hundred dollars in all. Then he stuck a dirty napkin into the man's closed fist to replace the money.

Next, he walked into the women's restroom to find Brenna. She was frozen in front of the mirror where she had been fixing her hair. Now that he could stare without embarrassing himself, David could see that while her clothes didn't advertise it, she was really a very beautiful woman with a slender waist and lovely rounded ass. Standing behind her, he began to reach around to cup the perfect orbs of her breasts in his hands. Then he stopped. He didn't want her like this. Still, it's not every day people around you freeze in their tracks, and David was far from finished with his fun.

He walked out of the bathroom and approached the woman sitting with pec-man who had called him a loser earlier. Her mouth was stuck part-way open and he could see her moist tongue behind her perfect teeth. The woman's breasts were nearly bursting from the soft fabric of the short black dress. David gently squeezed one of her massive tits in his left hand. With his right hand, he took his dick out of his trousers and began to stroke it, bringing it to hardness almost immediately. He lifted the woman from her stool and planted her firm ass on the sticky floor. Then, grabbing a fistful of her blond hair, he held her head steady as he stuck his cock in her mouth. He felt a surge of warmth as his cock slid over her moist tongue, but he regretted the fact that she wasn't able to help out by moving that tongue on her own. Still, the sight of his dick disappearing into the mouth that so recently had been busy belittling him was enough to make it worth the sacrifice.

David took his now-moist dick from the woman's mouth and slid the spaghetti-straps of her dress off her slender shoulders. He slid the dress down to reveal her perfect tits. David let go of her head and she fell back onto the floor with a heavy thud. "Ouch," David thought with a chuckle. "She'll definitely be feeling that tomorrow." David leaned over and took her left breast into his mouth. He was delighted to discover that her limp body still apparently had its reflexes intact, as the tiny nipple stiffened against his tongue. That breast would have made a perfect meal if it hadn't been for the woman's perfume, which she had applied to her ample cleavage in abundance. David made a face and wiped the bitter perfume from his tongue. Then he straddled her and, placing his still-rigid dick on her chest, pressed her large tits together. The soft mounds surrounded his member, and the heat they radiated was spectacular. David had never before had a woman so perfectly suited for titty-fucking, and he was having a ball as he slid his cock through her deep cleavage. He kept both hands on her tits and pressed against her chest as hard as he could, and began to shudder. David let out a soft grunt, and kept his eyes open just wide enough to see the heavy string of cum arc gracefully over her chin and land perfectly deep inside the woman's left nostril. It had been several days since David had done so much as whack off, and the heavy cum trail ran thickly across her lush red lips, then down her graceful chin and onto her chest. David pulled her dress back up and positioned her back on her stool without wiping her off. "I'm sure she can clean herself up," David thought to himself. "She's probably had plenty of practice." 

Next, David walked over to the man with the large pecs who had tripped him when he came into the bar. David dragged him to the door and left him standing beside the massive bouncer. He dropped the man's trousers and laughed when he saw that the man had stuffed a sock into the crotch of his pants to enhance his mediocre package. David left the man standing in front of the bouncer with his cock in one hand and his other hand resting on the bouncer's knee. "This ought to cause some fun when things get back to normal," David said to himself.

David already knew where he was headed next, and rushed off to the table where the two gorgeous women sat with their camera. He grabbed the redhead with the school-girl skirt and hoisted her onto the table. Removing her black tee-shirt, he buried his face in her ample bosom and inhaled deeply. She was warm and smelled wonderful. David removed her maroon bra and eased her back so that she was lying on the table with her legs dangling over the edge. He released the snap on her skirt and slid it down over her long, smooth white legs. Then he ripped off her lace panties so she was naked on the wooden table. He was delighted to see she was a natural redhead.

Moving over to her raven-haired friend, David hoisted her up beside the red-haired beauty. He slid her white tee-shirt over her limp white shoulders and discovered she wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were small and perky – just right for her slender body type. He leaned her back and tugged at her black leather pants and panties. When David removed the woman's white panties, he discovered she had a well-shaved cooch that accentuated her long, lean waist and sexy hips nicely. David left her lying next to her friend and stood back to enjoy the contrast of the two women, both spread out for his illicit enjoyment.

Rifling through the redhead's purse, David found her camera and also, to his relief, a nearly full tube of lubricating jelly. He uncapped the jelly and rammed the tube up the skinny girl's pussy, forcing a large load of the cold lube into her. He then did the same for the redhead, and waited a minute or so to let the lubricant warm up. By this point he was again nursing a huge erection, and couldn't wait to see which of the girls had the better pussy. Grabbing the dark-haired girl behind the knees, he lifted her thighs and slid his member into her shaved cooch. His large dick made a slurping sound as it went in up to the hilt, and David had to pause for a moment when his dick was at its deepest to keep from blowing his load right then. He had never had a girl so skinny before and she somehow seemed tighter than other women he had been with. David rocked his hips into her a few times and then removed his dripping cock from her snatch.

Moving over to the red-haired girl, David grasped her by the ankles and lifted her legs as he had her friend's. David held her legs far apart as he slipped his cock between the red-haired pussy lips. She was softer than her friend, and even warmer though not as tight. David took his time savoring the difference. He hadn't intended to cum inside either of the two girls, but now his cock was in charge. He decided he wanted to fill the raven-haired girl so he could watch the cum dripping from her shaved snatch, and moved back to her. He slid right in and immediately his balls began to quiver. David stood on his curled toes and pressed as hard into her as he could, shooting his seed deep into her womb. He pulled out and a long string of semen came out with his prick, dripping over the folds of her vulva. David could tell he must have shot a massive amount of cum deep into her. Without bothering to put his pants back on, he walked behind the bar and grabbed another beer for himself, then drank it while staring at the two women and working his cock into an erection again.

Grabbing the camera, David slid his rigid cock into the redhead's mouth. Her green eyes stared blankly at him as he slid his member between her soft lips and face-fucked her while using his free hand to fondle her firm tits. Just before he felt the semen gathering again in his balls, David took his cock out of her mouth and laid it on her soft white cheek. He reached over her and turned the raven-haired girl's head to face him as well, then snapped a picture of the two staring at his rigid cock. David pumped his erection briefly with his hand and quickly sent one last trail of jizz sailing over their pretty faces. The sticky semen trailed over the redhead's cheek and ended in the other girl's eye. David snapped another picture before returning the camera to the girl's purse. Then he used a pair of panties – he wasn't sure which girl he had removed them from – to wipe up the cum, though he wasn't able to completely remove it from the raven-haired girl's eye. He put their clothes back on them as best he could, but felt fairly certain he had matched a couple of articles with the wrong girl. They could sort it out between themselves later, he reasoned.

By now David's balls were pretty well drained and he felt more at-ease than he had in weeks. He unlocked the tavern door and then stepped back behind the bar, grabbed himself another beer, and refilled Brenna's gin and tonic. Sitting back on his stool, he gave the clock pendulum a nudge, and the crowd sprang back to waking life as suddenly as it had frozen. David chuckled as he heard the bouncer pound pec-man and send him sprawling to the floor. He listened with satisfaction to the shouts as the girl who had been giving the hummer for money discovered she was being paid with a dirty napkin, and watched as the blond near the front door immediately began trying to pick his now-cold jizz out of her cute little nose.

When Brenna, looking even more radiant than before, returned to her fresh drink she smiled at David. "Great news," Brenna said with a smirk. "The bitch with the camera has something in her eye."

"That sounds like something to toast," David answered, raising his drink to her.