 

Usually I can leave in the morning so quietly that when they find me gone some have wondered if their antics of the previous night were a mere dream. Not being one to kiss and tell, I sometimes find pleasure in acting as if nothing happened, letting them wonder. This morning, I considered spiriting myself away just before dawn, but instead I decided to awaken the apt pupil with whom I had spent the night.

"The cocks are gathering," I whispered into his ear. "Soon they all will be crowing, and where will you be? Sleeping in the hen house?"

"Hmmm?" He smiled sleepily. "Is it a new day already?" he asked, rolling to his side. Propping himself up on one arm, he admired me in the morning twilight. My hair was a mess and my eye makeup had smeared everywhere. "I was hoping the night would not end," he told me.

"You can hope," I smirked. "But I have quite a schedule ahead today. I thought you might lend me the use of your valet for a few moments to warm and clean the tub again for a quick rinse off."

He looked a little disappointed at my request, and for a moment I wondered why. Then I glanced down to the sheets, and I realized that like many other men, he had awoken at attention and was again ready for a little active participation.

"I'll make a deal with you," I whispered in his ear as I grabbed his stiff wand through the sheet. "We'll practice some of that control that you learned last night for a little while, but then I will really need a warm bath here to get me on schedule. Agreed?"

In answer, he began to roll over onto me. Last night he had learned how to rock from his knees instead of using his hips, and I think he expected to do the same this morning, but I was not willing to remain supine so long. I have to admit that my back was still a little sore from arching when I was on my elbows and knees. We had managed to work around the discrepancy in our proportions quite well, but there were some times when he had more or less collapsed onto me in exhaustion, and I did not particularly like the feeling of being trapped beneath his weight for long.

I placed my hand on his chest and rolled away, placing my feet on the floor. He looked puzzled for only a moment, and then smirked as he realized he was in for some new instruction.

"I thought we might try it drow style," I teased. I saw by the look in his eyes that he did not know the term, so I resorted to my basic teaching style. I gave explicit instructions. It is a simple philosophy. If I tell him what to do, it should increase my chances of receiving what I want.

"Roll onto your back," I began. I gave instruction like a dark elf matriarch, expecting compliance, giving no quarter. He only hesitated for a moment, and I fixed him with a fiery gaze to convey the fact that I meant business. He shrugged and rolled face up. "And strip off those sheets while you're at it. They'll only get in the way." Again he complied.

He lay before me, stripped from head to toe. A young man, with no noticeable scars or blemishes, his only vertical feature standing at full attention in the brisk morning air. Last night I had been puzzled by his lack of scars, since the tales he told me in the tavern bespoke of a life of adventure. No swordsman I had ever met had come to me in such tender condition, and certainly anyone who had engaged in half as much adventure as the tales he told would be crisscrossed with the mementos of battle. I had come to the conclusion that he was either lying in hope of impressing me, or that he had spent a major fortune in curatives and restoratives to cover the signs of battle.

From the time I had spent with him last night, I guessed it might be a bit of both explanations. He was most certainly adequate, but his reflexes were not by any means up to the standards of his tales. If I were to describe his style as a lover, it would be clumsy but eager. Still, his extravagant spending, and use of magic told me that he also had some means of wealth.

Admiring the view, I reached down and picked up the open bottle of rinberry wine. there was only a little left in the bottle. Tilting it up, I waited as the last bit began to trickle out from the spout and down my extended finger. It was thick and syrupy; more so for being left open half the night.

Keeping the juice cradled around my fingers, I crawled across the bed and crouched near his head. "I am going to need just a little more incentive," I told him, and I straddled his head facing his feet with my knees bent and shins next to his ears. I heard a muffled sound from him as I lowered myself to his waiting mouth. Before I made contact, I dabbed a drop of the wine onto my other hand and spread it over my clitoris with one outstretched finger. last night, I think he developed an appreciation for sweeter wines.

I felt his tongue searching and probing. I hoped he might get the hint and find the sweet nectar I had left for him. In the meantime, I lay down across his chest, to give him some incentive to find the right spot.

With one motion I cupped my hand around his exposed member, spreading the remaining rinberry wine down its shaft in one fluid motion. I felt it throb as my lips followed the wine down the shaft, filling my senses with its fruity essence. I felt him gasp between my thighs as his now energized tongue sought new recesses. I was not ready for him to explode just yet, but I could feel his impending pressure.

Last night I had given him control of angle, rhythm and depth. I had allowed him to gauge his own level of excitement and pace himself accordingly. Now that I was in control of his stimulation, I was even more aware of just how much he wanted to erupt from his loins.

Withdrawing my rinberry moistened lips, I placed three fingers across the base of his now throbbing member, and I used my thumb on the other side to firmly pinch off his pleasure. This gave him a moment to relax out of his climax. We had practiced this a few times the night before, so it was not a new feeling for him. I felt a corresponding relaxation in his muscles beneath me as he slowed the movements of his tongue. 

Counting to a dozen before I continued, I watched him lose just a little pressure in his loins. His shaft was small for his stature, but his equipment was just the right size for me to fit into my mouth and tickle the back of my throat. I had mastered my gag reflex long ago in order to keep small objects on the back of my tongue hidden from prying eyes and frisking hands. As far as he was concerned this instant, there were no more practical uses for being able to half swallow objects.

I began my attentions anew, with gentle ease. Slowly teasing him back to full stature with my lips and tongue. With renewed fervor, he sank his mouth deep between my thighs, and this time his tongue glided directly to my specified target. I could feel the moistness of his tongue mixed with the wetness that I was beginning to secrete, and I gave a shallow gasp - half from pleasure, and half because I knew he wanted to hear it.

"That's good," I managed to hoarsely whisper between sucklings. "Make it a rhythm," I instructed.

I could feel the repetitive motions as he brought the full strength of his tongue to bear for brief instants at a time. Probing, retreating, and probing again, building my desire. First I felt my nipples harden, then I felt that telltale flutter behind my stomach, and I knew it was time to act.

I slid gracefully from his hungry tongue, rubbing myself down his chest, and over his abdomen to sit neatly behind his attentively pulsing wand. Guiding him with my fingers, I took charge of his erection in one fluid roll of my hips. Sitting upright, I took all of him inside inside me with just a little room to spare. I could feel him about to climax, and I once again jabbed my nail into the soft flesh behind his dangling sack. I knew he would not go soft in this state, but my point gave him enough pause to catch himself and relax for a moment as I stayed perfectly still, awaiting his signal to continue.

I felt him gently pulling on my hair, and I slowly began rocking backward, exposing myself to my own probing fingers. He provided the staff, but I provided the fine manipulation. I could feel him playing with my hair as I rocked myself back and forth, breathing and undulating in rhythm. I had told him not to pull at my hair pins that last night, but I was in no mood to stop and scold him now. Let him play if he liked, the whole mass needed a good brushing anyway.



As I rode him, I felt my hair loosen and cascade across his body as my comb and pins fell to the bedding. I came lightly, caught my breath, and then I came stronger. It was not a long climax, but it was enough for a quick morning jaunt.

I knew his vision was probably obscured by my long raven tresses, so I took it upon myself to finish him off. He had been about to burst for some time, and I simply coaxed it out of him. First, I flexed my inner muscles several times to stimulate him into a frenzy. Then as he grabbed for my hips through my cascading hair I simply rolled backward onto him, letting him fall out of me and shower his seed up over my stomach and down his own legs. I heard him give a sort of sigh, and I knew I had made good on my promise.

My bath awaited. "I believe we had a bargain," I purred. I had to pull my hair away from his face to see his reaction. His eyes were closed, and he appeared like a contented pet.

He reached to the night stand and pulled the stone, handing it to me he gestured to the tub and mumbled something like the night before. The water began to bubble, but the stone remained in my hand.

Shooting him a puzzled look, I scolded, "You didn't have to hide the fact that you're a wizard from me." The stone must have been a ruse. The spell was his own, and not a part of the stone. "I didn't need your credentials in that area."

He grinned, and sat up, gently laying my hair aside so as not to sit on it. I could see his seed had soaked into it in several places, but I knew from experience that it would wash out easily enough.

"I did not wish to take the chance," he smirked. "You are seen so often on the arms of paladins and the like."

I was beginning to feel a different fluttering in my stomach, and this one was not good. Pulling my hair around me I probed, "so you have been watching me for a while, have you?" I tried to keep the trepidation from my voice. I think I succeeded.

"Nothing so sinister," he grinned. Standing, he wiped the juices from his legs and began to dress. Without looking at me he continued, "I was in the tavern when Harlan tried hitting on you. You know, the rather large barbarian sort."

"With fish on his breath. I could smell him coming across the bar," I added. It was just a few days ago, and I had left him with no illusions that nothing short of a polymorph spell coupled with a full personality transplant would ever get him a chance to share my bed. For a moment I wondered if he had done as i had suggested, and was in fact sharing this room with me now. "You're not saying..."

"Oh, of course not," he interjected. "I am not he. But you did leave him rather frustrated. So frustrated in fact that he made a rather hasty bet. He bet his entire adventuring party that none of them could bed you either."

I know I was flushing red by now. I was livid, but I kept a level head. I was also naked in a room with an unknown entity. "Do you really expect to collect on a drunken bar bet," I taunted. "I doubt he was in any condition to remember me, let alone remember what he said to you."

"True," he agreed. "That's why we placed the coin of our wager with the guild. I will be going to collect it in a short while." I saw what looked like a moment of doubt on his face, but it vanished in a flash.

I stood and pulled my clothing to me. I was sure that I would not be taking that bath just now. I would be clean of him soon, but not here. Not like this. As I dressed, he watched me, and I glared at him.

"You could just leave," I scolded.

"But I am still enjoying the show," he retorted.

As I pulled up my boots, I saw his expression of doubt again, but this time it stayed. He seemed to be shrinking before me. His clothing looked a bit baggy on him until he cinched it tighter, and then I realized what was happening. He had used some sort of magical glamor to change his appearance, and it must have been wearing off. His perfect teeth, weren't so perfect anymore. His hair was disappearing with each heartbeat. He has lost a half a head in height, and his skin was far from perfect. In short, he got ugly right before my eyes.

Smiling, he teased me, "Who would have thought the winner of the bet would be the old Necromancer of the party?" He looked like he was destined of lich hood.

I glared at him, soaking in every detail of his true face. I do not know what was going through his head, but he seemed to be amused at the entire scenario.

"I think this calls for a victory meal," he chortled. "If you care to join me, I will be down in the tavern. Breakfast is on me." He began to open the door.

"One thing," I replied.

He turned again to look at me, raising one uneven eyebrow in question.

"What is your real name?" I asked. "As long as I am to be the butt of your joke, at least let me know that."

He shrugged, told me his name, and went down to fill his stomach.

I remained for a moment, taking inventory. I had my clothes, my shoulder pouch, my comb, but I was missing one hair pin. I checked the sheets and decided it was gone. I had another set of lock picks, but I would have to replace that one soon. He had evidently taken it as proof for his bet. He only needed one. The rest he had left for me, not realizing they were a unique set.

I decided to leave by the window rather than pass him in the tavern below. Believing he had nothing to fear, he had allowed me a good look at his face, and I knew a booth at the market that could supply me with everything I needed in makeup and attire to collect his wager from the adventurers guildhall before he finished his repast. All I needed was to show a hair pin to the guards.