 Abstract: The brainwashing only works on four out of five women. The others have to stay at the Bimbo Asylum. 

*

"Come-on. Undo my straight jacket," said Abigail, surprised that Brooklyn, Bronxie and even Madison would be so afraid to undo the knots tied in back. After all the laundry area had no guards and no cameras. "Hello, I can't use the tablet unless you free my hands." 

"You don't understand, it's against the rules," said Bronxie. 

"You just stole a computer," said Abigail. 

"Yeah," said Brooklyn, "but some bimbo rules are harder to overcome."

"Look," said Madison, "I'll do it, but I can only do it if I feel sexual while doing it. So I'll do it, if we do it, you know later, so you need to agree to do it or be a little frisky, which I know you really aren't into..."

"Here," said Brooklyn, starting to untie the straps. "If it will make Maddie shut the fuck up." 

"Shoot, I would have done it," pouted Madison. 

Once free, Abigail began typing on the tablet's glass surface. "Their security is terrible." She madly typed some more. She didn't know how much time she had, not because of the guards, but due to her bimbo brainwashing waiting to take control. 

The other bimbos had no idea what flashed by on the screen and soon gave up watching. 

Madison, hating the conversational silence, asked, "So if you can get a computer, what other things can you get? Because you're gonna' want the codes for next month's round of patients too and so on and so on and..."

"Shut-up," said Bronxie.

"No wait, we got some good stuff," said Brooklyn. "We carve and assemble some things all the time. You know."

"You mean like shivs, knives, weapons?" said Madison and before she could elaborate she was cut-off as Brooklyn snapped her fingers and a lesbian hoodlum disappeared into the clouds of steam to retrieve some samples. 

Even Abigail stopped for a moment to see.

A laundry worker, in the standard white panties, bra, stockings and heels approached with a box. She opened it. Inside were several things made out of common household items: tooth brushes taped together with duck-tape, pens bent and twisted, spoons broken and molded. One item even had a motor from a kitchen mixer.

"Ooo," said Madison.

"What's in there?" asked Abigail.

Madison pulled one of the items out. "Dildos. They're all dildos. One has a motor." 

"That's it!" said Abigail. "That's your illegal stash? That's what you spend your time making?" 

"Hey, this is good stuff," defended Brooklyn. 

As Abigail looked over the lingerie clad women, she felt a dread that a woman desperate to escape would feel, in fact she was gratified that she felt it so authentically. It pushed the bimbo out of her long enough to really worry about becoming one of these demented women. Without escape, her priorities would shift and she too would begin trading in something stupid and not even realize it. She got back to hacking the security system as she fought her bimbo thoughts trying to remember what she needed to do. 

An hour later, the two gang leaders were sitting in their black corsets smoking cigarettes. Madison was playing jacks by herself, duct tape applied to her mouth. 

"I got it," said Abigail. "You ready to write down some bimbo codes."

"Sure," said Brooklyn, who started unlacing Bronxie's corset. 

The girls all gathered on the floor around Abigail. 

With Bronxie bare chested and standing on her knees, Brooklyn poised a Bic pen just under the breasts. "Ready."

Abigail rambled off strange phrases like "chickens run backwards" and "please, doodle dandy." Each matched with a new patient-name. The Asylum admitted twelve new patients that month alone, and knowing the laundry girls, the new patients would soon be doing things they wouldn't remember. 

As Bronxie's corset cinched into place covering the codes, Abigail tightened Madison's straightjacket and then stuffed the tablet under the arms against Abie's ribcage. Even with the edge jamming up against her bra's underwires, the short jacket, that left too much midriff showing, couldn't quite hide the entire tablet; but unless someone looked under her folded arms, it would hopefully pass unnoticed. 

A computer was everything to a hacker, so a tablet would be something to hold close and stash in a good hiding place -- it was important to remember that. She moved her shoulders around. Yes, despite her bound arms, she felt confident that she'd be able to drop it loose and hide it in her bed before the attendant showed that night to undo her jacket. 

The women gabbed about future possibilities and when the two gang leaders left, Madison crawled over like a sexy kitten and nudged her head against Abigail's bound shoulders. Abigail responded in kind by using her teeth to pull the gagging duct tape off, revealing the lush, and unfortunately talkative lips. Everyone had forgotten the tape before strapping Abie back in. Intentional neglect was a strong possibility here. 

"Did you find what you were looking for?" asked the bimbo. "I mean you were working and typing and thinking..." She paused and changed the theme, "... and licking and tapping and fingering. Oooo, guess what I have in mind."

Abigail stood. "They want to use my last project, but need the final program to deactivate it once its deployed, otherwise its worthless to them."

"Huh?"

"They have something I did, but need the rest."

"Oh, those fuckers. By the way, I'm trying to be supportive in saying something bad about the people who seem to have..." 

The rambling continued as they walked up the sloping cement hallway from the underground machine room. Once they reached the courtyard sunlight, Madison stopped talking and adopted her clueless happy smile. The site of woman cavorting around in their lacy white lingerie had pulled the bimbo back into a world of love and lust. 

"Did I mention my helicopter plan?" said Madison, losing to her bimbo mind. 

It was clear the common grounds of the courtyard helped the process. Even Abigail's mind rode the wave with her friend, letting go of all worries and desperations. Anger and resentment became impossible. Thoughts of escape evaporated. So many women bounced and played and kissed and held and groped and licked and some even beckoned for the two wallflowers to join. 

"I can't fight it," said Abigail, tears filling her eyes. "I'm supposed to be angry that an employer did this to me, but I'm not." Maybe her disappointment in herself would bridge over to at least looking like she had been betrayed. Maybe method acting would help, using one bad thought to fake another. It didn't work. 

"Talk to me sweetie," said Madison, snapping back to reality for a moment, "what are you thinking?" 

Abigail gulped as her friend kindly wiped the tears away. 

"I have to focus," sobbed Abie. "I think my bimbo side is getting in the way of what I have to do. There are some things I need to say, but my mind wanders."

"It's hard isn't it?" empathized Madison, staying so verbally concise. 

"I need to confess something terrible, or at least what a normal person would think is terrible, but right now, I just want kiss you."

"We'll kiss later. Tell me, but hurry because I feel some major ditsyness about to hit my mind." 

"So you understand, I'm talking to the real you? You see, the thing I need to confess is that I wrote a virus for a nuclear power plant company, so that weaknesses could be found and protection schemes implemented. But I found out that they weren't with the power company. They wanted a controllable weapon. But I wouldn't tell them the other half, the way to disable it. That's my secret and the bastards sent me here to make me submissive enough to tell them, but I'm too strong, or at least that is what I tell myself." 

Abigail looked into Madison's eyes. Did the bimbo understand all that? And holy shit, did it really make sense for a hacker with such knowledge to tell this to a babbling idiot just because she showed some loving tenderness? 

"I understand," said Madison so sweetly and with a touch against the face so gentle it would send anyone into a dizzying haze. 

"I don't think I can hold out anymore," admitted Abie. "How do you hide in there? How do you stay you?" 

Abigail saw her friend wipe away a tear of her own now. It was true, the woman inside the bimbo was still there. But how? The treatments could break even the strongest woman eventually. They might be babbling idiots, but they would break. There was no hope for a thoughtful intelligent computer hacker staying sentient long enough to escape. How did Maddie hide herself? 

"I do understand," said Madison. "I can help you. I know you feel you did something really, really awful and bad and now you are fighting to keep a hold of your sanity as you are surrounded by insanity and, after all, we're in an insane asylum, well actually what the world thinks is one, but its really a bimbo asylum that..."

Shit, Abigail heard only more rambling. She had wasted her time. 

Madison must have seen Abigail's disappointment. The babbling stopped. She focused again. "Come with me Abie. I have a secret to show you." 

*****

Madison pushed open a jammed door, shooting up years of dust. They entered an empty lab, now striped of equipment, but clearly at one time a major science facility. 

"It's over here," said Madison skipping her way like a child over to a light switch and using her fingernails to twist and pop the screws. "I hid my last few Bot Dots here, that is dots that make bots, as in mental robots, at least, the goal was to use them to control the enemy, but they made bimbos instead." 

"What are you talking about?" said Abigail, still in her straight jacket. The abandoned Asylum wing didn't feel safe and she still had a computer tablet stuffed under her jacket. The glass pressed against her skin just under her breasts. It felt kinky. Logical thoughts suddenly started to slip away. She was losing to more and more sexual thoughts again. She searched her mind and dug deep. Fear returned, a healthy fear, maybe of being discovered or maybe it was her bimbo side, which hated breaking the rules. But wherever the fear came from, she had to grab it and use it. 

Clarity and focus returned. She calmed herself and noticed the dust. There seemed to be too much and the windows, they were dirty, but in a smudged sort of way. She looked at Madison, who didn't seem to notice anything wrong. Was that good or bad? Her mind muddled again. Who was Abie supposed to be again? Being stupid seemed so sexy. 

Abigail pushed her bimbo thoughts aside; unintentionally discarding her paranoid worries of the empty wing and of capture and of any fleeting thoughts of betrayal.

"I totally believe you were deceived," said Madison so oddly succinct. Maybe familiarity with the lab brought clarity. She quickly pulled some tiny pieces of paper from behind some wires hooked to a dangling light switch. "I was deceived too. I thought I was helping the CIA handle enemy spies. I developed the Bot Dot, but then I found it was all a corporate ruse. I wasn't a CIA agent at all. It was all a front. So I destroyed all my notes, everything except these last few dots, in case I needed them later. Then, as they tried to break down the door, I encrypted my mind by licking a Bot Dot while thinking of my bimbo code. This was my lab. Those were my TV posters over there." She paused with a fond happy sigh. "I watched late night reruns as I developed a way to brainwash the opposition spies into becoming double agents. It failed though. It only worked on women and made them act stupid almost immediately." 

Hanging on the wall, Tom Selleck in a Hawaiian shirt smiled back from some posters and calendars.

Madison continued, "I knew something was up when my machine logged a run of several thousand Bot Dots. The very ones I reported as failures on the women test subjects. Why print so many? And then I found out, but it was too late. I couldn't escape and they would have tortured me for the secret. You're right, Abigail you'll need time to escape, so you'll need resistance to the treatments. You can do what I did, use a bimbo code to encrypt your mind. You can only have one code. So set it yourself and, of course, keep it a secret. It works best if it's something you obsess over, something really personal. Oh god, we have to hurry, I feel my bimbo voices kicking in. Anyway, I was a fat post-grad surrounded by beautiful test subjects being used for assignations and seductions. Yes, they were ditsy, but I was told the Bot Dots might still work. They wanted me to make them better. I knew I could do it. I was a CIA operative. I was 'Q' from James Bond."

She stopped, pressed her back against the wall, and sank down to the floor in defeat. "But it was all a lie. I was so stupid. I had to act fast. They were going to take me, so I gave myself a complex bimbo code, not one phrase, but three different things: a feeling, an image and a number. I had to become a my own bimbo to not be under their control." 

Madison's eyes glazed over. Everyone treated at the Asylum knew the look. Madison's regrets led to sadness, which repelled her down into hiding her true self, letting the bimbo thoughts take over. 

"A helicopter could save me," said Madison, starting to caress her legs and bare midriff and lose herself in a sexual cloud. 

"Don't you go bimbo on me now," said Abigail. "I need to know what I can do." She sat on the dusty floor with her friend. She never felt love or lust for a woman. It wasn't her thing until the Asylum, and even then she resisted. But a bimbo's sexual urges made conscious thought impossible. The urges had to be purged. She kissed her friend. She had to pull her friend out of the fog. 

"Abie. Don't. I know you don't like it."

Abigail kissed the tops of her friend's breast. The bra did so well at pushing the flesh up to present a soft horizontal tray of deep wonderful cleavage. 

"Abie," pleaded Madison, "you're sending me over the edge."

"That's the idea. If you orgasm, you can think clearly. It's only temporary, but I need to know how you've resisted so long. And if I have to, I'm going to fuck your brains back into your head again and again. We'll do it all day if we have to."

"Oh god, stop kissing me like that. Yes, I like it across the tummy and down to the thighs. Oh, the inner thighs. Yes. Now pull off my panties. Yes, use your teeth. I don't think I can help you out of your straightjacket right now. I hate having m panties get in the way. I'll help pop the garters. Hurry. I never thought you would do this so willingly. It's so, so hot to watch you do this. Oh no, don't look up at me so sexy like that. It's too much. I love those sultry eyes, so hot. Your eyes, with your dark eye shadow around them drive me crazy. Oh, yes let's snap those clips. I'd wear the panties on the outside, but you know the dress code. Pull the panties down to the knees. That's fine. No take them off. They're too restricting. Hurry. Panties under the garters is probably a rule to make us have to pop the clips. It's sexier and it so works. Oh Abie, I love you so much. Oh my god!" 

Madison covered her mouth with both hands, squeezing her boobs between her elbows, as Abigail pressed her tongue around the most sensitive edges and then flickered a bit before going inside. Abie's wet firm friction showed no signs of hesitation. 

"Oh, oh, Abie. You surprise me. You're ruthless. Are you doing this just to make me talk or are you doing this because we could be lovers?" 

Abigail looked right into her mad little friend's eyes. "Just hurry up and come. Would you like me to verbally scold you? Tell you how much of a bad girl you've been? Or a good girl? Do you want me to hold your wrists down?" She cringed realizing her bound arms made that last offer impossible, but it was best to just continue. "This is the time to tell me what you like." She returned to kissing the inner thighs of her befuddled and confused friend. Without use of her arms, Abigail had to lean a shoulder on her friend's thigh before getting her mouth into position. Despite the awkwardness, she kept going. There would be no excuses here. No straightjacket would stop her. 

"I want you to love me," begged Madison, running her fingers through the bobbing head of hair in her lap. "This won't satisfy me if you're just doing it for information. I want a lover and I'll come so hard. I promise."

"Oh Maddie, I do love you so much. You know that. I'll fuck your brains in as much as you need." 

"I don't know if I'm too stupid. I think you really do care though. Maybe, you do love me. Everyone lies here. No, no. Don't go so fast. A bit slower, I want to enjoy it. I know what you're doing. I know you want me to orgasm so I'll think clearly. I love you Abie. I'll help. I don't care if it's true love or not. Just do me. Lick upwards and push down right around to the top. Yes. Do it again. That's my weak spot, right there. Yes. Again. Again. You're so good at this. It's like you've done this before. Oh god. I can't hold back."

Abigail pressed her shoulders down on her friend's bucking legs. She pushed her face firmly against the crotch and twisted her tongue around forcing more shivers and spasms. Her friend's insides pulsed in a true deep resounding orgasm. A second peak hit quickly and vanished. 

As sanity pushed out from the clearing sexual fog, Madison's clueless eyes looked through her disheveled blonde hair. The eyes became direct and thoughtful. 

"Oh, that helped," said Madison, breathing heavily and hurrying to grab her thoughts before they disappeared again. She spoke fast. "So if you want more time to escape, lick one of these Bot Dots and set your own bimbo code. It can only be done once and that's why they can't control me. Hopefully one day, you can unlock yourself." 

"But they'll torture me for the code," said Abigail, pulling up the panties with her teeth and some help from Madison's hands. The bimbo lifted her butt off the floor as the panties pulled into place. 

With a snap of the panties around her waist, Madison struggled to answer, or at least she acted like there was a fight against her bimbo thoughts. Or maybe it was an honest hesitation to sharing so much knowledge. 

Abigail grunted in frustration. She stood on her knees. She wanted sex like her friend just had, good hard sex rolling across the dusty floor. She glanced around the lab and thought of the abandoned Asylum wing. Her bimbo friend ran this lab once and now was a prisoner in it. Escape was supposed to be the focus here and if her nut job friend knew a way to resist, a way to gain time, then that would be the thing to learn. Nothing else should matter. That was the role to play here. Fake it. Fight the bimbo thoughts! Act like a cold calculating prisoner! Do whatever it takes to escape! 

"Maddie, talk to me," said Abigail, nudging her face against her friend's head. If she had to, she would use her stocking feet to smack the girl. She didn't want to, but this was important. 

Madison smiled, maybe from a genius pride or, maybe, a warning to Hacker Abigail, who should be careful and suspicious. It was odd finding a large empty space in a guarded institution. Bimbo Abigail loved the idea of decorating it -- another useless thought for Hacker Abigail to discard. 

"Except for the bimbo aspects," said Madison, "Bot Dots create perfect agents. Under duress their minds erase. So no, they didn't torture me and they won't torture you. You see, they want our secrets. They want my Bot Dot formula. It defies analysis. I think they ran out or whatever formula they recreated probably isn't as good, so they want what's in my ditsy little head." 

"So I lick this dot and think of a password, a bimbo code?"

"I went with a feeling as the first step. I chose something I thought I would never experience. At the time I wanted to make my mind permanently encrypted. I felt so guilty. I should have done myself in, but I couldn't. Instead I thought the impossible, only when I felt beautiful, big breasted, tall and blonde -- yeah, I had body issues about being short and fat -- then and only then, would the rest of my bimbo code work. I guess being around gorgeous test subjects didn't help my self esteem." 
