 "These knives are never sharp enough," said Tom at supper one evening, "I am the king and I demand sharp knives to cut my meat with, especially as we only ever eat the meat of animals that have died of old age."

"They are sharpened regularly sire," said the lord chancellor in reply.

"Well, not regularly enough," said Tom, "send out heralds across the kingdom announcing that I am seeking a royal knife sharpener. The individual who fills this post will be made a knight and rewarded well. On top of that, he will receive the hand of lady Gina Grasper in marriage."

"Very well sire," said the lord chancellor as he retreated from the throne room.

'If this works out as planned,' thought Tom, 'I shall marry lady Gina and have enough money to keep her mother happy.'

And so it was that posters went up throughout the kingdom announcing a contest to find the royal knife sharpener.

"Cheeky little bastard!" Exclaimed Colin when he saw one of the posters, "he is going to make himself the royal knife sharpener, what a devious sod. I've a good mind not to enter, then he would be fucked."

But Colin did make his way to the royal castle as he wanted to get back to being king and make that upstart go back to being a knife sharpener.

Lady Gina Grasper was sitting on her window sill looking out at the crowd in the square below her. She was feeling a little sad at the prospect of having to marry someone she did not love just to satisfy her mother's greed.

'Oh, if only a handsome young man could win this contest and marry me,' she thought to herself, 'at least that would be something.'

Gina cast her eyes over the crowd of hopefuls gathered to audition for the post of royal knife sharpener. There were men of all ages, dwarfs, elves, even an orc come to enter the contest. Gina shuddered at the sight of the large ugly creature with his huge green head and long greasy, straggly hair.

Then she saw Colin and her heart skipped a beat.

'He is a handsome young man,' Gina thought, 'I hope he wins.'

Colin pushed his little cart to one side of the square and sat on a bench. He looked around at the 'opposition'.

"Fucking hell," he said softly to himself, "this is a motley crew."

"You're not wrong," came a soft voice from his side, "do you think you have a chance?"

Colin looked round to see a beautiful young woman in a long hooded cloak standing beside him.

"Hello," he said to her, "who are you?"

"I am Gina Grasper, part of the prize."

'Now I get it,' thought Colin, ' the dirty little sod is after this girl. I don't blame him actually, she is a beauty.'

"Would you like it if I won?" He asked her.

"Well, let's just say you seem like the least worst option," she replied.

"Thanks," said Colin, smiling at her.

'If I am going to be giving that little prick a load of loot and a gorgeous young wife,' Colin thought to himself, 'I reckon I deserve a go on her before we swap back.'

"What if I don't want to marry you?" Asked Colin, "perhaps I am happy as a single man."

"I promise that I would be a good wife," Gina pouted, twisting her foot in the dirt and swivelling her hips slightly, "I would let you do anything you want to me."

Colin's balls went fuzzy at the sound of her words.

"Any chance of sampling the goods before I buy?" He asked.

"And what if I let you but then you don't win?"

"Let's just say that I am pretty confident I will win," said Colin, tapping his nose.

Gina took him by the hand and led him into the castle.

"This is my room," Gina said as she showed Colin into one of the guest apartments.

"Very nice," he responded, "now let me have a look at you."

Gina unfastened her cloak and draped it over a chair. Colin smiled as he took in the sight of her tall slender body clad in a figure-hugging pale green woolen dress that reached to the floor.

Gina pushed her long straight golden hair back over her shoulders and put her hands on her hips.

"Do you like me?" She asked.

"Yes," Colin replied.

Gina walked over to him and turned her back to him.

"Unbutton me," she told him.

Colin deftly undid the buttons holding her dress at the back and pushed it forward off of her shoulders. He sighed as he looked at the lovely pale flawless skin of her back. He leaned forward slightly and kissed her between her shoulder blades.

"Mmmm," she murmured as she felt his lips on her skin.

Colin reached around as Gina's dress fell down to her waist and put his hands on her breasts. He grinned as he felt her firm young breasts and his cock began to stiffen in his breeches as he felt her nipples harden at his touch.

Gina untied the belt around her waist and wriggled her dress over her hips and down her legs. Colin nipped her gently on her neck and backed away from her. Gina turned to face him dressed only in her pale green satin panties and her soft flat leather slip-on shoes.

"Oh my," said Colin as he looked at her.

Gina Grasper certainly was beautiful. She had long legs, a flat tummy and small pert breasts. Her hands were small but with long slender fingers, just right for holding a cock.

"You like?" She asked.

Colin nodded.

Gina lifted her feet in turn and slipped her shoes off, then she took hold of her panties and slowly lowered them revealing her neat blonde bush.

"Is this to your approval?" She asked, standing with her feet apart.

Colin did not reply, he merely fell to his knees, shuffled over to her and buried his face in her soft blonde furry muff.

"Ooh," Gina murmured as she felt Colin's tongue lapping at her outer lips, trying to prise them open and get inside her hot wet slit.

"Mmmph, ymmm, mmm," was the sound made by Colin as he tried to drink from her furry cup.

Colin got his tongue inside her and lapped up the juice that flowed from her. Gina threw back her head and moaned aloud as she became more and more stimulated by the tongue wriggling around in her.

"Oh my goodness! Oh yes, just there!" She cried as Colin's tongue flicked her clitoris, bringing her to a shuddering climax.

Gina's legs buckled as she came and she collapsed onto the floor, writhing and twitching as if she was having a fit. Colin smiled as he wiped her juice from his face with the back of his hand.

'I think she's ready,' he said to himself as he pulled his breeches down to his knees and positioned himself between her outspread legs.

"Oh yes!" Cried Gina as she felt Colin's stiff cock fill her and begin to thrust in and out of her.

'What a lovely tight little cunt she has,' Colin thought to himself, 'that knife sharpener is a lucky bastard.'

Colin fucked Gina with a long, steady, forceful thrusting action, increasing in speed as he got closer and closer to coming.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" Cried Gina, "oh my gosh yes!"

"Oh fuck!" Shouted Colin as he shot his load, sending a stream of steaming hot spunk into the gorgeous young blonde.

Colin stopped thrusting as he emptied his balls inside Gina. Gina gripped his arms, her finger nails digging into the coarse material of his shirt as she came for the second time that day.

"You had better win that competition," she said to him after they had calmed down a bit, " because I want more of that, lots more."

'I wonder if her mother is as hot as she is?' Colin thought to himself, 'perhaps when I am back as the king I shall find out.'

Tom and the lord chancellor watched all the applicants demonstrate their sharpening skills and announced that they would retire and make their decision as to who would be the royal knife sharpener.

"That Dwarf was pretty good," said the chancellor, "I cut my finger on the knife he did."

"Mmm," said Tom, trying to sound as if he was undecided, "that handsome young man with the nice smile is very good too."

"He is a bit too good looking if you ask me."

"Oh really, do you think so?"

"The queen and her ladies in waiting may prove such a distraction that he may not get many knives sharpened."

"I shall make him promise not to misbehave."

"Very well sire, then Tom it shall be."

And so it was that Tom the knife sharpener became sir Tom of the Stone and married the lovely lady Gina Grasper and Marlock the wizard put Colin and Tom back in their rightful bodies.

"Lick me like you did that morning" Gina said to Tom on their wedding night.

'That randy old bastard has been here already,' Tom thought as he put his face between his new brides outspread legs.

"Ooh yes Tom, just there."

'She tastes so fucking sweet,' Tom thought as he sampled the juice that flowed from Gina's cunt.

"Yes, lick me just there, ooh, ooh, ooh," moaned Gina.

'He had better keep away from her in the future,' thought Tom as he brought his wife to a shuddering climax.

"Oh Tom! Oh YESSSSS!" Cried Gina as she writhed around on the bed, her insides on fire.

Tom brought his head up from between Gina's twitching legs and climbed up the bed to kneel either side of her head. He rested his stiff cock on her face and his balls on her chin. He sighed as he felt her poke her tongue out and lick along the bottom of his shaft.

"Oh," he moaned as he pulled back his foreskin, revealing the engorged pink head of his cock from which was dripping a clear stream of viscous pre cum.

"Oooh," he moaned as he felt her sharp nails scratching his ass cheeks while she licked his cock.

Tom knelt up and shuffled back down the bed a little so his cock was resting between Gina's cute little tits. Gina put the long slender fingers of her right hand around his cock shaft and began to rub it slowly whilst staring into his eyes.

"Oh my!" Cried Tom as he felt his seed rising in him, "Oh no!"

But it was too late to stop and he began to shoot streams of hot sticky semen all over Gina's lovely face and neck.

"Oh yes," he sighed as he felt himself unload onto his wife, putting a series of white stripes on her which reached from the top of her forehead to her chin and dribbled down her cheeks.

"I'm drowning," laughed Gina as she closed her eyes and felt the hot cream land on her.

"Sorry," said Tom after he had finished emptying his balls all over Gina's head

"I said you could do anything to me," replied Gina as she wiped her face with her fingers and put them in her mouth to suck them clean, "and I meant it."

"Anything?"

"Anything."

'Wow!,' Thought Tom as he lay on the bed beside his hot young bride, 'I guess I have the king to thank for that, he's not so bad after all.'