 Amanda flipped her black braid over her shoulder as she looked down at the small planet through the large window. She smiled excited about getting home. She'd been at school for several months and missed her home back on Earth. 

"Miss Caster, come on your shuttle is waiting for you," said the young woman who served as Amanda's servant. 

Amanda spun around her uniform skirt twisting around her knees. She smiled at the younger woman. "It's wonderful isn't it Sarah?" she asked. "I love coming home to Earth!"

Amanda grabbed her small bag and headed down the corridor toward the shuttle that would take her home. She didn't try to think about how the house would be empty of anyone but the servants and how her father had nothing to do with her because she was part Anglican. He had been betrayed when he'd found out, her mother hadn't told him what she really was. 

Political reasons had prevented him from divorcing Amanda's mother; instead he just stopped coming home. He never had anything to do with his daughter. Amanda had done everything she could think of to gain his love and respect. She dyed her hair black hiding her luscious purple locks. She'd been lucky that she had been born with his green eyes. She spent hours at the saloon getting a tan so she wasn't as pale as the Anglicans. Nothing had helped so she really stopped trying, except for the hair. She liked the black hair.

"Indeed, ma'am" said Sarah slightly bored.

Suddenly the ship rocked as if a meteor had slammed it. Amanda sprawled to the ground landing hard on her bag. Grunting she looked over at Sarah who seemed okay. The ship's sirens began blaring loudly.

Amanda got to her feet quickly and took off down the corridor toward the bridge. Halfway there she ran into one of the crewmen. He gripped her arm tight. "I have to insist you go back to your quarters," he said.

Amanda jerked her arm away and glared at him. "What is going on!" she demanded as the ship rocked again.

"I can't tell you, miss," he said grabbing her arm again and dragging her back toward her quarters.

"This ship is under attack isn't it? Someone is attacking us," she said looking at him refusing to move.

The crewman nodded. "Yes ma'am and the captain has ordered that all non-crew member stay in their quarters until we've vanquished the pirates."

Amanda nodded. "I understand," she said taking herself back to her quarters sitting down to wait. She tapped her foot against the floor nervously. She hated waiting. She looked over at Sarah and smiled.

"No, ma'am! He said we have to stay here!" she cried.

"You stay! I want to see what's going on," Amanda said.

She got up and pushed open the door. Peeking around the corner, she saw no one and slipped out. Quietly and quickly she made her way to the dining hall and the large window there where she'd be able to see everything. Turning the corner, she ran into a solid wall of a man. 

"Oomph" she said stumbling backwards. She looked up at the man and froze. He was beautiful standing over her 5'7" almost half a foot if not more. His dark blue hair was ragged and pulled back half-hazardly in a ponytail at the nape of his neck. His eyes were a light pale silver color and looked at her slightly amused. He was broad and she knew he was solid.

He smiled slightly and steadied her with one of his massive hands. "Hello," he said his voice rich looking her over. His eyes suddenly turned very serious and Amanda knew she was in trouble. Before she could say anything that man had is arm around her and had his gun in her side.

"Make one sound and you die here," he said his voice hot in her ear. The feeling made her shiver with longing.

The man pulled a communicator from his waist and turned it on. "Captain, I've found the girl. I'm on my way back," he said changing the grip on her to encompass her wrists. 

"Very well," came a man's voice from the other end.

The stranger's eyes turned back to her. "I know you're not stupid, so do exactly as I say and I won't be forced to kill you. Understand?" he asked.

Amanda nodded unable to keep her gaze from his beautiful eyes. "I'll be good," she said weakly, knowing it was just a lie to placate him until she could figure a way to get free.

The man smiled at her his eyes telling her he didn't believe her, but didn't have much of a choice. "Good," he said dragging her toward the shuttle area, where he had left his shuttle. Amanda followed after him her eyes wandering over his body wondering what it looked like under the clothes that he wore. She chided herself. Here Anglican pirates were kidnapping her and all she could worry about was the man's body.

Twenty minutes later found her and the blue haired man aboard his ship and well away from Earth. She sat stiffly in a chair being looked at by three Anglicans. One being the man who found her. 

"She certainly is a looker," said her blue-haired hunk.

"Yes, and she's out ticket to the biggest score we've ever had. Lance Caster will pay out the ass to have his daughter back safe," said the man she had designated Captain. He was the tallest of the three with short cut green hair and dark grey eyes.

Amanda looked at him a moment before giggling. All three men looked at her surprised. 

"Why are you laughing little girl?" asked Captain.

Amanda grinned and looked at him. "My father despises me. He wouldn't pay a cent to have me back. He'll play it off as not bending to terrorists and be sad that he had to sacrifice his daughter and that he knows that I know that he loves me but he just won't bend," she said looking him straight in the eye her grin fading. 

Captain leaned back in his chair and looked at her a moment. "How do I know you're telling the truth and this isn't a plan to get free?" he asked.

"Everyone knows about my father's feelings about Anglicans," she said standing up. "Well, my mother forgot to mention a few things to him when they were married. The least of which was that she was a full-blooded Anglican. I'm half."

"So says you," Captain said.

Amanda sighed and reached down and whipped off her panties. Lifting her skirt she showed all three men a perfectly trimmed purple mound. Lowering her skirt she sat down and crossed her legs and leaned forward. "I'm much more valuable to you alive and working with me father," she said ignoring their shocked looks. Her gaze moved over to the blue haired one, whose name she had learned was Mark.

His eyes met hers and he smiled his eyes flashing with the same feelings she was having.

The third man regained his composure first. "Well, I suppose that's proof enough," he said brushing a green lock from his face. He was a younger copy of the Captain. His face was slightly flushed with embarrassment.

"Fine, you have something to say about your usefulness?" Captain asked.

Amanda nodded. "I just finished my schooling and was going home to take a position in my father's company. If I take the position I can let slip information on shipments and prime targets," she said.

"Sounds perfect," said Mark, grinning and leaning back in his chair.

"Too much so," Captain said. "I'm going to think about this. Until I make up my mind you'll stay aboard ship and Mark will be your guard."

Captain rose and left, his son following in his footsteps leaving Mark and Amanda alone in the room. Mark rose and offered his hand to her pulling her to her feet and against him. Holding her there with his arm he kissed her softly and passionately. Amanda was slightly surprised but didn't protest allowing his tongue to slip into her mouth and explore. His body was pressed hard against her, his warmth seeping into her.

He pulled back and looked at her with lust filled eyes. Amanda whimpered slightly at him breaking the kiss. Her faced was flushed as she looked back up at him.

He growled slightly and released her. "Damn it!" he said striding out of the room leaving Amanda to follow after him. Amanda scurried after Mark following at a reasonable distance.

"Mark!" she said in the voice that she used only to command servants. 

Mark stopped at the end of the corridor and turned back to her. He said nothing just took three steps and pushed her against the bulkhead of the ship, pinning her hands to her sides. His lips crushed hers as his kissed her.

He broke the kiss and looked at her. "My quarters now or I will take you here in the corridor," he growled all but dragging her after him.

Amanda's heart pounded in her ears as she followed after him. The thought of this man taking her, his body pressed against hers made her blood sing. It was so deliciously wrong but so delicious as well. 

Mark pushed open the door to his quarters and flung her inside locking the door behind them. By the time he reached Amanda he had already striped down to just his pants. He pulled her against him and kissed her again; softer then before his mouth moving across her face and down her neck leaving a trail of fire across her skin. 

His hands moved up and cupped her breasts through the fabric of her shirt. A low moan escaped her lips as he caressed her and enflamed her passion. He brought his mouth back to capture hers, his tongue playing with hers as his hands worked on removing her shirt. Sliding her blouse off her arms his mouth rained kisses along the flesh of her breasts that strained against her bra.

Reaching behind her he unclasped the bra, slowly puling it off his mouth following the line of the material until his tongue flicked across the sensitive flesh of her nipple causing Amanda to gasp.

Amanda stood there allowing Mark to fondle her, to caress her. She relished the feeling of his warm mouth on her breasts caressing them, driving her wild, toward that dangerous edge. He stood up again and looked down at her wrapping his arms around her and lifting her up. He carried her across the room and lay her in his bed climbing on top of her. 

Amanda reached up and stroked his smooth chest, her nails sliding across his naked flesh. She felt him shiver under her light touch and she smiled softly. Her fingers found the front of his pants and she began undoing the fasteners, pulling the zipper down. Mark stood up and removed his pants standing before her naked, looking like some pagan Anglican god. Her climbed back on top of her and lay against her, his cock pressed against her pussy as he licked and played with her nipples.

He brought his head up and looked at her a moment before sliding into her. Amanda arched up meeting him moaning loudly as he did. Slowly, Mark began a rhythm. Amanda wrapped her arms around him matching him thrust for thrust. Mark began increasing the pace until he is bucking hard into her. Amanda clung to Mark moaning in ecstasy as he fucked her. 

She kissed him everywhere her lips could reach, moaning as he pushed her closer and closer to her edge with every thrust of his hard body. 

Mark's arms held her against him, his breath heavy in her ear. Amanda closed her eyes clenching tight onto his shoulders. Her body began to tense as she began her orgasm. Mark realized and began murmuring encouragements in her ear.

Amanda tossed herself into the feelings arching back and crying out as her pleasure tore through her. Mark continued to thrust into her. Amanda's body began to spasm as he continued.

Mark's breath became heavy in her ear and Amanda knew he was getting close as well. With one last thrust Mark pulled Amanda against him and burst his orgasm into her. 

Amanda shivered as Mark lowered her back onto the bed. He withdrew from her and kissed her softly all over her face. Smiling he looked at her and kissed her nose.

"Captain will kill me if he finds out what we did," he said twisting his fingers in her hair.

Amanda nodded her eyes sparkling from their experience. She lay there catching her breath. While she lay there, mark stood up and began dressing again. He looked at her a moment.

"Come, we have to get going. I still have to show you your quarters," he said offering her his hand. Amanda stood up and quickly dressed. Mark sat on the edge of his bed watching her.

Amanda finished dressing and smiled. She leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you," she murmured softly.

Mark grinned. "You're welcome," he said standing up.

Mark opened his door and lead her down the corridor to her own quarters. Leaning forward he kissed her one more time. "Stay here, I'll come get you for dinner," he said closing her door and locking it so she couldn't get out. 

Amanda looked around the room rubbing her arms. What had she just done?