 Xeres daughter of the seventh warlord took a seat near the back of the conference room. The entire Corps of special forces officers were required to attend the meeting as Ni son of the first warlord would unveil their secret orders. Up to this time, every one of activities performed by this vast Armanda had been shrouded in secrecy. Personnel thought something big was in the making but although there was much speculation, no rumours had facts to fortify the theories. Xeres was not looking forward to hearing Ni rant for hours being unable to leave for whatever reason. Servants meandered their way through the crowd bringing liquid refreshments and snacks for each participant. 

She had never been asked to attend a meeting in this room. Its seats were formed in an arc surrounding a dais. At one side was a control centre where the ranking person in the room controlled different equipment that allowed holograms on diverse subjects to be employed. However, it was the seats that impressed Xeres as they massaged bodies and made sitting through long discourses pleasant. Normally, her level of rank was not invited to participate in high level discussions. She was happy to be included.

Other officers were looking at her with disdain. Xeres ignored the contempt. Most of the officers were siblings of the fifth warlord who thought children of lower entities were 'cannon fodder' and should be kept in their place. Xeres knew that they questioned her coarse features. This was the result of a disguise on her last undercover assignment. She felt like screaming that her undercover assignments were dangerous but furnished the Federation with valuable insight. On the other hand, even if they knew her byzantine route to obtain her rank, they would still not want to be in the same room with her. 

As she was waiting for Ni appear, she opened the box of snacks and seized two of the furry creatures. She was pleasantly surprised how tasty they were. Maybe her superiors would allow her to function at this level. Lights dimmed and Ni appeared on the dais.

Ni was handsome and gave the impression of strength. Everything about him was calculated to make both males and females want to serve him. He looked at the audience. This made everyone in the room feel like he was speaking solely to them.

"Soldiers of the Federation, we have a great crisis that only we can solve. The RA Empire has decided not to allow us to import white crystals and refuses to rescind this practice.

"We, the soldiers, have always insured that our families were kept safe and have the ability to enjoy a peaceful life. Therefore, with great reluctance we have decided to conquer RA. I know that, it is your expectation to bring this crisis to a quick end where the Federation will prosper and your families will be able to enjoy a serene but fruitful existence."

Ni was replaced by a hologram of the home world of Ra. Now the leader of the elite shock troops took up the narrative. 

"We have been tasked to seize major docking ports so that the rest of Army will be able to land and proceed with the conquest of Ra. There might be a problem. Our planners speculate that the conditions are ripe for a black hole to develop.

"For this reason warships will only engage the enemy and not bombard targets of military nature. Because of your superior training, the planners feel that casualties will be minimum. Your objectives will be explained in more detail when you rejoin your task forces. Good Luck."

Alarms began to sound. Xeres knew they were under attack. She saw protective suits appear in the corridors. There was no use trying to find a suit small enough for her so she jumped into the first available. To her surprise, it was state of the art. She concluded that this suit was for one of the senior officers. By this time, the suit conformed to her and rather than replace it in its pod, she continued along the corridor towards her unit. Both vehicles and moving sidewalks were no longer working. She didn't care as the suit assisted her to speed towards her unit.

The giant ship shuddered and Xeres knew that this time the wound was fatal. Life support systems shut down. There was no gravity. She floated towards the mangled mess that used to house her unit. Another explosion fired her out of the ship into the void. As luck would have it her path took her to a loader. Many of the other survivors ignored the loaders instead looked frantically for escape pods.

She knew that loaders would have life support facilities therefore she would be able to conserve equipment in her protective suit. The only problem was that loaders had no tracking tools that might make being rescued more difficult.

A brilliant flash occurred and the ship disappeared. Shock waves buffeted the loader sending it away from the fleet. Her acceleration increased. Xeres had a sinking feeling that she was going to enter the black hole. She made peace with herself. This was the way she wanted to die in the midst of battle. Blackness engulfed her and she lost consciousness. 

Xeres regained consciousness just as she hit the roadway. The protective suit tried to protect her but she bounced twice before splaying against a wall. She was in pain. A quick inventory revealed both she and the suit were damaged. She needed to find a host quickly.

Fortunately her equipment was still in working order. She activated a location unit. However, it came back with a message saying, "Insufficient Data." Time was not on her side. A scan revealed that a host on the third floor met eighty percent of her needs. 

The last of the jumping ability enabled her to enter the room through an open window. She observed a woman moaning and tossing on a filthy bed. She hid her protective suit along with unneeded equipment before entering the host.

Pain shocked her. Embedded medical units were attempting to use part of the host's body to dress the many small wounds. Unfortunately, the host body was diseased and the medical unit could not find a method to get rid of the disease and use the result to patch the wounds. Xeres exited the host.

She dragged herself to the window and hoped she could find another host. A woman was running along the sidewalk. Xeres almost burst into tears. She was too weak to capture this healthy host. Her medical units examined the woman. The woman stopped and began to flay the space around her. Other people on the sidewalk rushed over to the woman but by this time the units had completed their examination. The woman backed away from the concerned people and ran in the opposite direction.

After re-entering the host the medical units found the problem and were able to replace damaged parts. They fed the parts to Xeres. She was surprised because her own body began to use the nutrients to heal smaller wounds. A by-product occurred, the woman sighed, quit tossing and fell into a deep sleep. Needing rest, Xeres allowed herself to sleep after connecting to the woman's optical nerve. 

"You look different Anna. In all the years that I've known you, I have never seen you so calm or relaxed." Xeres' computer was able to translate the jumble of sounds into speech patterns that she could understand without having to disturb her. 

However, the voices shocked Xeres into wakefulness. She wondered if Anna could ward off an attack. Although the embedded computer informed Xeres that Anna did not feel under attack because of lack of hysterical behaviour, Xeres was watchful. The other woman was wearing a loose fitting dress and spoke with a deep voice.

"I don't know what's happening to me. The awful pain seems to have disappeared. I feel stronger and I want to eat real food. I'm also getting lots of sleep." Anna shrugged her shoulders.

"Now, I'm sorry that we're leaving. You know how it is. You have to go where the jobs are," continued the woman. "But I feel like I can leave you. You seem to be recovering."

"I'm going to miss you, Claire, and even Roger. Keep in touch and if I continue to recover, I might come and visit you. Take the rest of the bottle with you and tell Roger, he can have a drink on me." The women hugged, cried before Claire left. 

Anna removed her clothes and looked at herself in the hall mirror. Xeres was shocked. Anna's body was almost a skeleton. Tight skin covered protruding bones. Her arms and legs were like sticks. No wonder Xeres thought that the organs that made Anna were in a state of disrepair, her body was feeding on the only nutrients available to it. Her travels to other worlds in addition to finding a host exposed her to someone suffering from malnourishment. However, Anna was a good host by the fact she was a loner. Xeres did not have to worry about making a mistake that would lead to discovery.

When Anna fell into a deep sleep, Xeres exited and searched for a suitable model to base her repairs. She was pleased to discover the woman jogger passing the window. Medical units examined the jogger. This time Xeres could hear her screams. The woman began beating her body.

"Get your hands off me!" The woman's screams caused people to rush to her.

For the second time others could only see the jogger ripping her clothes.. The jogger collapsed to her knees before beginning to weep. Medical units were finished and were anxious to re-enter the host to effect repairs. Xeres entered the host.

Like all soldiers, Xeres took advantage of her inability to help the medical units that were repairing Anna's organs and went to sleep. 

"I'm feeling hungry," Anna said out loud to an empty room. She went into the kitchen and after rummaging in the cupboards she found some canned food. Xeres watched with fascination. 

Anna began eating but the medical units only allowed a small portion of the food to enter her stomach. The remainder they fed to Xeres. The many small wounds began to heal. A large plus was that Xeres felt no pain. 

Unfortunately, the large wound along her side still would not close.

"The medical units speculate that somehow the black hole did not attach the wound to the rest of your body. There is no way they can close it. If they can't find a method, you might be forced to remain in this host." It was times like this that the computer felt smug as it knew Xeres could not access the medical units.

"I hate you! If you are right, I may be forced to remain on this planet forever. However, the host is weak therefore you will have to find a process that will allow me to become the dominant personality in this body." Xeres was used to solving problems consequently setbacks just meant she would have to try harder.

Anna dressed and left the apartment. Xeres was surprised to learn that Anna was a temporary worker. After a few discrete inquires by her embedded computer accessing the Internet, she learned that Anna did not work solely for one company but changed activities when somebody required a person of her skills. For this she was paid daily. Xeres was puzzled because as a soldier she did not need money and always belonged to the Army. Her helpful computer was able to explain the concept and give reasons for earning money. 

The next few months were beneficial for both women. The medical units were able to trigger Anna's appetite and wean her from her drinking problem. Xeres was able to take over many aspects of Anna's being. This suited Anna because she was able to do nothing yet still exist. This spawned a dualism that in addition, to allowing Xeres to compete for better paying jobs, she took over caring for Anna's physical needs. Thanks to a better diet Anna began to put on weight and become stronger. However, one of the unanticipated side effects was that Anna's clothing began to be form fitting and the medical units were able to alter her body. New curves made it easier for Anna's body to accommodate Xeres. Although, she wondered why the males were reluctant to mate with her, on her world if a male wanted her, they just threw her to the ground and put their tendrils into her. For this reason Xeres was uncomfortable by all the attentions Anna was receiving. Anna was fearful because of past experiences and to combat her fear, Anna began to retreat further into the recesses of her mind. 

Eventually Xeres was able to control all of Anna's functions. It was shocking to discover that Anna was unconcerned that she had no control on any activities. Xeres was unsure if her embedded computer developed this attitude or did Anna have some other reason not to worry about her new lifestyle. 

After many undercover assignments Xeres knew the value of blending into the environment. Better paying jobs exposed her to a different worker. These workers dressed better and groomed themselves such that they projected a competent image. Although the new assignments were more complicated than Anna was used to, Xeres found the tasks simple. Extra money enabled her to upgrade Anna's wardrobe and develop a persona that agreed with her bosses' idea of whom they wanted.

Better jobs and Xeres' skills resulted in longer assignments. She liked coming to the same place and developing relationships that give her tips on attracting the male of the species. In her world females did not bother using their wiles to get a male to notice them. Normally females attempted to look undesirable because mating was so painful.

She had been working at this company for over a month. During this time she was able to develop a rapport with her boss. Steve liked her work ethic and often gave her extra assignments that enabled her to earn extra money.

Everyone in the office had left. She was finishing her assignment. Discreet glances at Steve who was dark haired and fit due to a fitness regime made her think he was an alpha male. However, it puzzled her that he did not mate with her. Her clothes, from the low cut sweater that exposed much of her cleavage and a skirt that had a slit almost to the top of her right hip were calculated to make him desire her. It was time she thought that she mated.

His hand cupped her breast and destroyed her concentration. Her arms felt weak, she stopped typing. Pleasure waves ran through her body. It was difficult to breathe. She never had sensations that made her so weak and create a desire that he should not stop.

"Jeeze, I'm sorry Anna!" As he blurted his apology, he attempted to remove his hand but Xeres seized it and squeezed such that she felt more pleasure. 

Steve moved his hand inside her sweater. He pushed her bra down to free her breast. He squeezed her nipple. She was amazed how pleasurable this activity felt. Her body reacted to this pulsating touch. Never in the many times she had mated had she experienced such sensations. These vibrations made her weak but willing to become his plaything.

He brought her from her seating position to standing. She had no control. Her body reacted without conscious thought. One leg moved behind the other causing her to slither against him until she stood leaning against him. Pulsating pain and pleasure enabled him to direct her out of the office. She wondered when he would begin to mate with her.

In her opinion, they had passed many suitable areas where they could have mated. Mating in her world was not a private undertaking. When the male wanted her, he would throw her on the ground and mate. She thought this was a strange world as there were so many rituals surrounding mating.

They entered a non-descript apartment. It contained a living room/kitchen and a bedroom.

Steve guided her into the bedroom before removing her clothes. Xeres was surprised because she was not used to foreplay.

They fell into the bed with Steve on top of her. She steeled herself for the pain. But he kissed her causing new unknown feelings to develop. He moved between her legs. Suddenly, she felt his tendril enter her. Never had she felt so full. Something was wrong because he was inside her not Anna. Xeres was unable to think. His tendril moved back and forward. He began to kiss her neck. His attentions were so delightful that she forgot about the pain. Eventually, an explosion of relief caught her by surprise. For a time, she could not breathe. Waves upon waves of pure satisfaction engulfed her.

He rolled off of her. His breathing like hers was more gasping than rhythmic. In time they recovered.

His tendril was a puzzle. She reached down and grasped it. The reaction surprised her as it grew bigger and seemed to attack. She pulled her hand away but before she could defend herself, Steve kissed her. Pure pleasure engulfed her. It seemed he was bigger and stretched her insides. Never had mating been so rewarding.

After the first time they mated continuously until her assignment was finished.

She met Stan during her next assignment. In contrast to Steve, Stan was pudgy, balding and not very fit. However, his lovemaking was better. He used his fingers to excite her. She marvelled that he could insert so many fingers into the hole in Anna's body. Xeres' sensory systems took over and she was able to enjoy whatever Stan did to excite her. She thought that all males on this planet had the ability to make mating extremely gratifying. Her theory was proven true by sampling a number of males.

"You mate like primitive females in ancient times," scolded the computer as it voiced its displeasure. 

"You mean to tell me that all females enjoyed mating like this?" It had never occurred to her that there was another way to mate.

"Of course, the only problem was that they had no ability to chose proper partners. The rulers became worried and feared a dilution of the population by females mating with inferior males. That is when they changed mating to make mating painful."

She thought the computer may have a point. All the same she thought the computer might be wrong. Her research suggested that mating gave females power. If this was the case, it was time not to allow things to happen but take charge to ensure decisions are made in her favour. 

Careful research demonstrated that she would have to be an insider to achieve her goals. One of the problems was that she would have to develop a relationship with a male. She came to the conclusion that in order to take complete control of her vision she would have to learn from a mentor who bent the rules.

Xavier Gomez suited her requirements for a mentor. She speculated that his dark hair, deep brown eyes enabled him to take advantage of females. It surprised him that Xeres did not mind the different women that he seduced and took advantage of. On her world, there was no concept of a monogamous lifestyle. Males were expected to mate with a variety of females in order to spread their seed. She did not explain the reasons for this ' laissez faire' attitude. It was like on job training. Xavier showed her how to use her assets to entice women as well as men and have them give her money willingly. Together they made a formidable team. They were able to prey on both males and females including those who were in partnerships. Xavier explained to her that few of their victims would report them to the police because of the public shame of allowing so-called lowlifes to make fools of them. As well, he had methods that enabled him to hide their gains from the authorities.

She final found how and where he secreted their proceeds. This interested her as she learned that living in an environment that did not conform to normal rule bound lifestyles was exhilarating. Now she could hardly wait to jump out of bed and put the next operation into action.

"What the fuck! Who told you that you could look through my files?" Xavier shouted at the same time punching her in the face. Xeres flew off the chair and slid to the wall.

She used the wall to support her as she stood. It was at this moment she decided she had no further use for Xavier. He had served his purpose. Like the end of many assignments, it was time to tie up loose ends. She unbuttoned her blouse enabling him to see her breasts and to take his mind off the reason he became angry.
