 Part 2 - Help Wanted

On the plane Shana was supposed to be on, an old fashioned man sporting a gold pocket watch sat right at the back. He lowered his newspaper to check his watch, flipping the clasp to reveal an infinitesimally intricate working. As he did so a dashing red head with incredibly perky titties strolled out, an impressive ass waving behind her. Not fat, she possessed the incredible Scottish power of stunningly curvaceous features with little effort. Fit and healthy, short and with a cute and down to earth face, Cara was a beautiful 24 year old the Creator would enjoy sucking and draining the pleasure from. As the bringer of the new age, and an agent to the womb of a new species, he would bring her to Her, and he would not stop until she was theirs.

As she passed him he caught her arm and quietly bur forcefully asked if she could show him the toilets. Holding her tightly, he whispered something about "air sickness" which settled her slightly on edge nerves from the rather rough grasp. He held her all the way to the cubicle until he was inside. Then, he yanked her in with a sudden and incredible might and slid the door shut. Silencing her with his hand placed in her mouth, he began to slip his hand up her skirt and into her pants with almost no effort. She tried to cry but he held her jaw tighter. Sliding into her he began to saw in and out of the well built Scottish puss and the beginnings of essence transferred from his fingers into her. Somewhere in the back of Cara's mind she wished her past boyfriends had been as skilled, and as eager, to finger her as this guy.

She struggled, resisting the surprisingly incredible finger fuck and how aroused the feeling - and their location - was making her. Despite the knowledge this shouldn't be right, she began to accept her situation, rocking on the fingers as her tongue massaged the fingers in her mouth. She relaxed, letting him bear his weight on her less and in doing so find a much better purchase on her pussy. He slid deep into her and essence flew from his slick fingers, seeping into her. The fingers began to change, molding and shifting as they slowly filled her pussy. As they closed their eyes, becoming one, with a burning fire in her crotch that made her legs weak, she summoned strength and despite all her desires she rammed her knee hard into his exposed crotch. 

He froze for a moment. Not in pain, but in sheer surprise. It was enough. She slammed him onto the toilet and straddled him. 

'The ol' she-likes-it-but-actually-doesn't trick. Aye, fuckin' classic.' She said in her Scotts tones. Turning on the hot tap next to her, as a man sized hatch opened below them she got off him and hauled him up. 

'Bye, you creepy fucking grandpa. You've sawed your last Scotts pussy today. I'll see you at fuckin' quarantine.' She said, and dropped him into the hatch below. 

Unfortunately, she wasn't quite prepared for him to grasp her hips and bodily haul her down too. Her leg buckled and her head roughly hit the lip of the hatch as they fell, collapsing onto each other. Slamming into him in the cargo bay below, her massive boobs squashing the air from his lungs and saving the air in hers, she jumped up. Holding her breath tight, she faced him, her head throbbing. He was freely breathing. That was odd. The cargo bay was only semi-pressurized - un-breathable but not crushing. Enough to knock a man out, but not necessarily kill him.

He came at her and she square kicked him in the jaw with athletic precision. Barely hurt he turned back to her and advanced almost immediately. Now off balance, she fell to his push and he was on top of her. Victorious, as her breath ran out, he applied pressure to her and she was forced to let it out. Dizzy, and unable to breathe, he tore her clothes roughly from her and released his own member which stood rock hard between them. As he ripped her pants from her crotch, her dizzy aching head was too muddled to fight him. Barely conscious she saw and felt him penetrate her and a world of mist and clouds began to fog her mind and she knew it was all over. Arousal shot through her and hands that were not his cupped her magnificent tits as erogenous zones he was not touching were stimulated.

He pumped her full of Their essence. Purple cum filled her, spilling from her pussy and running still long after he removed himself and stood watching the unconscious Scott. As he turned towards the hatch, she began to transform, ripple. Her mass changed, cracks shining purple light forming and closing on her skin. She began to mold, reform into one of Their kind.

Then, they stopped. Cracks closed and her form returned to the busty fire headed Scott, albeit with a few differences. Now unsure, he stepped a few paces back to her from the direction of the hatch. 

She shot her foot out and slammed with super human strength into his chest. Things audibly cracked. He fell and she stood, her huge tits somehow even more vivacious and busty than before. Seeing no need for her clothes which were torn and useless anyway she shrugged them off and sucked in the air she should not be able to breathe, smelling her arousal flowing from her crotch. Tensing and relaxing her new muscles, she strode to him, took a deep breath and slammed her hand into his wounded chest. He choked, spluttering. It was by instinct if anything more than intent that she did this, but as she did so the ghostly hands, stronger and more real than ever, covered her and she felt herself absorbing him, becoming his very being.

Then his form seemed to ripple, sucked from him and into her arm. He was absorbed bodily into her and she stood like Agent Smith in that movie trilogy.

'No fucker tries to fuck with Cara McFee and get the fuck away with it!' She said, sucking in the toxic air and puffing her chest out. 

She had no idea what in giant titties had happened, but all she knew was that she needed to be up stairs serving little steaming cups of coffee to the passengers. She'd have time to work it out later. Clicking her fingers, she remembered the spare uniform cabinet in the back of the cargo hold.

Emily arrived home just after Courtney did. The two embraced the moment they were together. Neither needed verbal explanation. 

As they entered the house they saw Peter hanging a painting up with a curious white stain on the front. Emily gave it a tentative sniff and knew it immediately. Looking at Courtney who giggled in that oh-so-damn-cute way Emily loved, the pair laughed at Peter's cum-stained art work, art being his latest craze in the effort to find what he really loved. Obviously he had felt it too, just had been naked and working on this rather accurate study of Rembrandt at the time.

As the girls stripped to their bare selves both sensitively peeled off completely soaked through panties. Courtney drew off her shorts, amazed at how powerfully she had come. Emily took one look at the pink lace that practically dripped and knew they'd never be fit for public use again. As the girls felt their tender labia, an unspoken thought passed between them. 

Peter took the moment to speak up.

'Mistress. I have been thinking.'

'Go on?' Emily said, turning to him curiously as she massaged her groin and dipped a finger in for, well, reasons. Something about the cook tasting their own meal.

'We are all connected, no?' He said in his well clipped accent. 'Mentally. If I experience extreme pleasure, do you not experience at least a portion of it too?' He said, touching his dick as the girls felt a tiny prick on their clits as an example. Peter was a very practical and not overly human thinker.

'Correct, yes. So you think another hybrid out there experienced some incredible pleasure, so intense that it overwhelmed us all and caused severe orgasms?'

'More or less. I have been thinking about it non-stop for the past two hours. I believe to experience an orgasm as powerful as yours requires someone to experience a beyond human - or hybrid - sensation.'

'So someone was converted?'

'I believe so. Misstress Emily. You were intended to be used as a birthplace for an evolutionarily all powerful race? A hybrid between ours and the being that we are now a part of?'

'Yes, originally...' Emily said, thinking back to the huge otherworldly creature which had brought her so much pleasure, only to be defeated in an ultimate sex-crazy battle of orgasms.

'I believe they have found someone. The arousal and brute force required to completely suppress her mind, totally bend her entire will, would have been so massive that when she came she would have exploded so much that we felt the minor repercussions as powerfully as we did.'

'Great thinking. I agree, it feels right to me. But what do we do? If the Cadothe have found a birther, what does that mean for Earth?' Emily asked. If the simple creation of a Mother was this strong, what hope had they for the spawn of beings they would almost surely face?

'I don't know.' Courtney said. 'But I do know one thing. A flight just landed at Ledgeling, and I have a tingle in my mingle that tells me there's someone we need to talk to on it.' Emily nodded, agreeing, as Peter concurred. 

Around her bed sat six women, small purple tubes snaking from their bodies and into the great woman upon the sheets. Her stomach had swelled to great size, and yet, incredibly, she was still beautiful. The girls around the bed, all sat knees up in various totally relaxed poses, occasionally twitching as they dreamed sexual desires and fantasies that fed their emotion into the Creator. Orgasms so powerful they racked the powerless women shot directly into her, and her glowing body pulsed as the flawless perfection of two half perfect species was discovered in accelerated cellular exploration.

Two women entered the room, two unendingly beautiful females. Their features matched that of human females, but from their impossibly bright purple eyes, flowing glowing purlpe hair, and, most unusual, both possessed both male and female genitalia. Their members hard, in total sync they stood tall and with one forefinger stroked their lady lips in one direct motion, bottom to top. Then, still in seamless sync, they plunged the finger knuckle deep into themselves and instantly closed their eyes. 

A few moments later they removed the fingers, silently sucked the juices from the fingers, then repeated the stroke, top to bottom, bottom to top. Then they strode from the house.

At Ledgeling airport 20 minutes after landing, Cara was the last woman on board. She was searching for the remains of the man, practically disbelieving he was inside her. At last she gave up, and, as she emerged from the plane, a striking woman grabbed her arm.

'Hi, mrs. Cara. I'm Emily, no time to explain but you have to come with us. You can trust us. Let's find a safe place to talk.' And lead her to the carpark. Somehow trusting the woman, Cara followed, a tingle inside her growing a little as she did so.

The raven haired twins stole into the airport lobby, their stark nudity apparently unnoticed. Each who looked at them saw sisters dressed and pulling luggage behind them. The combined mental power the first of their kind possessed allowed them complete illusion to any mere human. To any of the weak minded flesh and blood people they would appear exactly as the were expected to appear. As for why they traversed naked; nudity was their proud separation. They were never to be as petty and vein as their human lookalikes, covering themselves up as though ashamed of their bodies. 

To the new rwce, their skin was their clothing. It offered them maximum manouverability, completr and total view to others, which natyrally hrlped trust and friendship, and sllowed their natural functions to operate unhindered. Their skin was ideal for every task, perfect, and they would not cover it for anything. 

Their natural regeneration made even fatal injuries survivable and as such no protective clothing was needed either. 

The girls strode past the guard who eyeballed the two bikini clad blondes with absolute lust as the fire blazed purple haired ravens strode towards the flight area in perfect sync. 

The Creator was growing. Her ring of human donations had grown overnight, men lying in bliss filled comas between females equally as hypnotised. Humans lay strewn on the floor, all connected to the Master Creator by thick purple tubes enveloping their bodies. They pulsed, their collective mass functioning as one unit. Inside the tubes flowed Her subject's every thought, every drop of cum.

The creator would continue to grow until she had every possible genetic alteration the human race's DNA was capable of producing. So far she had the combined intelligence, strength and emotion of nineteen men and women and her first two spawn, the girls now striving to acquire the presence she felt in the distance, contained refined and purified versions of this massed intellect. Thus, they were insanely smart, hypnotically beautiful and gladiator-like strong. The Creator felt new strands of DNA spring to life inside her as new genetic possibilities were found in her blood stream full of combined sequences. Her womb began it's work as three new offspring were formed. 

She would not stop until every single different possible strand of DNA had been born. Then her master race would assume the rest of the world and take the planet for their own. 

Perfection would be achieved, through all the glorious pleasure in the world.

On the floor, Jemma twitched as her mind produced orgasm after orgasm and her body was slowly absorbed into her new Mother. 

Cara got into the car and the girl beside her threw back the hood to reveal an incredible blonde shock of hair. She tore the jacket open to reveal her naked body. In the front seat the saw a man at the wheel and noticed only his top half was clothed and a dark haired woman dressed in her underwear. 

'Och, what the fuck did I step into-' she began, scrabbling at the door. 

Emily grabbed the fire headed woman, turned her and kissed her, hard, pushing herself onto the other. Their breasts pressed together and Emily's already rock hard nubs firmed Cara's.

When her struggles had subsided, Emily took back and opened her eyes to reveal glowing deep pupils that seemed to have no end. Cara saw clouds rolling in the thunderstorm of crystal-like jewels and realised somehow that her own were reflecting the same, though refused to believe it. As she saw the man and woman in the front watching her with kind smiles on their faces, each with identical purple she relaxed slightly. Emily took out a mirror and showed her her eyes, which did indeed glow bright hypnotic purple. As her rushing emotions subsided, she realised, in an almost epiphany style rush, that these people were her, she was them, and hence had the same goals. 

Without any words having passed between them, Peter started the car and they drove off. About ten minutes later, Cara spoke up. 

'So... You're all the same as me, then, aye?' She said. 

'Yes. We are.' Courtney said as Emily took her hand. 

Cara kinda passed out after that. 

The twins watched the car leave silently. As they received new commands with a buzz inside their pussies, they silently closed their eyes and placed one finger on their nether lips. Then they made their way to the taxi rank. Inside, a driver eating his lunch looked up sharply as the passenger and back doors were opened, despite the locks, and two infinitesimally beautiful identical girls slid in. He dropped his sandwich as he further saw the passenger's side female was totally and completely stark naked. And, paying this, she was hot. She was so sexy, his entire being melted before her. Her huge perky tits jutted out before her, her strong and powerful skin un-marked and oh so soft. Her hand was between her legs even as she entered and his mind numbed to her beauty. 

As he looked into her eyes and his consciousness slipped away his hand grasped his pants and as she grasped her own member they began to move in sequence. Her hand freely rubbing up and down her own meat in perfect sync with the hand in his pants, her sister in the rear mimicking the action, forming an untouching three way bond between them. 

As he looked into her eyes his mind simply disappeared. No consciousness, no individual thought. He no longer existed inside his body. 

Inside the minds of the girls, his consciousness existed on an unearthly plane of life, a heavenly realm of constant sexual pleasure. Inside the man's pants, cum fell from his erection, pooling on his hairs and running down his hand. Still the girls continued, their own male organs still pumping jets onto the interior of the car before them, as his energy was drained from him. 

As he slumped down, completely lifeless, he began to twitch. Muscles spasmed here and there. The girls reached over to him, the one in the back sliding her hand over his door side shoulder and down his shirt as her twin undid his buttons and slid her hand onto his chest as well. Both girls closed their eyes and plunged their hands into him. 

Inside his world of pleasure the taxi driver came. He came so hard he felt like his whole body was orgasming, sweet sweet cum shooting from every part of him. 

As the girls withdrew their hands, Taxi man began to jerk again. Immediately semen flowed, jetting out now and landing on his chest as he freely pulled off. The girls mirrored, their combined being linked as one. 

Taxi man sat up, endless purple worlds tumbling end over end in his eyes as he stretched. Returned from the realm of sex in which he momentarily dwelled, where humanity and the petty pleasure physical movement brought them did not exist, the driver was a slave to the irresistible will of the twins, the first of a master race that would bring out every perfection a species could have. 

Without words he started the taxi and the three pulled away from the curb. 

Cara woke as the car stopped. Pulling into an empty ca park at what seemed to be a small servo, Peter stopped the car and they turned in their seats.

For a moment, no one spoke. 

'I suppose we should tell you everything.' Courtney said. 

'It all started when I went to hospital,' Emily began, 'and was held there for a few days. I spent a lot of the first few days in and out of consciousness. Then, one day, I woke up strapped to a cold, hard metal bench with an incredibly hot naked woman staring at me. She had eyes as deep and sucking as whirlpools and her features were flawless, her face beautiful and her body curvaceous and unblemished. Her tits stood out mightily before her, and I remember wondering if this was supposed to be part of my healing. My body hurt, specific spots down my body felt like they had been injected with a cold fire that made my nerves super sensitive and my resistance weak. Even the breath from the two men, who were off to the side during this, washed over me and made hairs stand on end despite being meters away.

To make matters worse, I was naked. My body was completely immobile, strapped, drugged, or as I now know, infused with watered down essence of a creature from another world, and with this woman staring into me with desire. She informed me that I was to be the birth place for a new species, a species that would merge our race with theirs until the perfect being was born. I would be transformed into a womb for their hybrid race. As I tried to grapple with this, she suddenly slammed her hand inside me, deep inside. I felt my pussy grow, felt myself stretched and filled by her. And it didn't stop there. I felt my whole body tingle, arousal shot through me, endless pleasure ignited inside me. And through all this I felt her. I understood her. She spoke with my voice, thought with my mind. She was a representation of her Master, a piece of him sent to convert me into a carrier. She, or he, was stranded here. Caught in our world, in our time. I felt his desperation at not being able to return home. Felt his struggle to live in hiding. Felt when he had to sacrifice his body long ago, when he was injured, forced to return to his own form, forced to hibernate to conserve the life that was draining from him.
