 Queen Gwen went to visit Morag the witch.

"Good day your majesty," said Morag, as she curtsied, "to what do I owe this visit?"

"I am fifty years old," Gwen replied, "and I am losing interest in performing my marital duties with his majesty, is there something to 'bring back the spark' as it were?"

"You need HRT your highness, that will do the trick."

"What, pray, is HRT?"

"Hot Randy Tincture."

"Well, let's have some then."

Morag handed Gwen a small bottle containing a pale green liquid.

"Rub a little drop on your arm, it will be absorbed into your skin and after a short while you will feel like being amorous," Morag informed her.

"Thanks," said Gwen as she handed over two gold coins, "I shall try it out when his majesty returns from his hunting trip."

"A word of warning, your majesty," said Morag, "never let it come in contact with his majesty."

"I hear you," replied Gwen as she left Morag's house.

The queen was sitting in the royal library, reading a book when she was approached by a young man bearing a rolled up piece of paper. He looked to the floor and handed Gwen the paper. Gwen broke the seal and read the message there written.

"Is there a reply your majesty?" the young messenger asked her.

"No reply," she told him, "you have travelled some distance it seems, go to the kitchens, get some food and drink, and rest."

"Yes your majesty," said the messenger, retreating from the room, still looking down.

Gwen looked at him as he reversed out of the library, he was a good looking boy, very good looking.

"Boy!" Gwen called out as he neared the door, "what is your name?"

"Philip of Forest Brown," he replied, "but most people call me Pip."

"And how old are you?"

"Eighteen."

"Oh, now off you go."

Gwen spent some more time reading, but she kept thinking about the boy, about how handsome he was and about the message from her husband telling her he was not going to be home from his hunting trip for another three days.

Gwen went to her apartments in the west tower and called one of her ladies-in-waiting to her.

"Milly," she said, "go and find the messenger by the name of Pip and send him to me."

"Yes your highness," replied Milly.

As soon as she was alone Gwen pulled up her sleeve, picked up the bottle of HRT, removed the stopper and dripped a little onto her arm.

"Let's see if this works," she said to herself as she rubbed it into her skin.

By the time she heard a knock on her door she was gagging for it!

"Enter!" she called when she heard the knock.

Milly entered the room, followed by Pip.

"Pip the messenger," announced Milly, "as your majesty requested."

"Thank you Milly, now leave us. I wish to talk about messages with this young fellow."

Pip stood in the room, still looking at the floor. Gwen looked at him. He was a little under six foot tall with short blond hair. He was muscular with strong legs due to all that running around with messages for people.

"You may look up," Gwen told him, "do not be afraid of me."

Pip looked up and into Gwen's eyes. Gwen felt butterflies in her tummy when she saw his blue eyes and handsome features.

Pip looked at the queen and felt something similar. She was a fine figure of a woman. She was about five foot six, with long flowing black hair and very dark blue eyes. She had a large bust and fulsome hips, she was the sort of woman men want to shag.

"Have you ever taken pleasure with a woman Pip?" Gwen asked him.

"No your majesty, I am a virgin," he replied.

Gwen felt the butterflies go into overdrive, she could feel juice soaking into her panties, she felt herself blush.

"Undress," she said to him, "I want to see your body."

'By the gods!' Pip thought to himself, 'am I going to lose my innocence to the queen?'

Pip removed his clothing and stood in front of Gwen, she nodded in approval.

"Your are a fit young man, aren't you?" she said to him, "come over here and let me have a closer look."

Pip walked towards Gwen who had started to unbutton her bodice.

"Help me with these buttons," she told him, "I don't normally do this myself."

Pip fumbled with Gwen's buttons, he was shaking, he could not believe he was undressing the queen, the actual fucking queen!

Eventually Gwen's bodice was off and the royal boobs were released. Pip looked, wide-eyed at the most beautiful breasts he had ever seen and he was an avid watcher of women at the communal washing pond at his village.

"Kiss them," Gwen told him, "suck my nipples."

Pip did as he was told, he put his mouth onto Gwen's teats and sucked on them like a piglet on a sow, making snuffling noises and dribbling saliva which ran down her boobs and dripped onto the floor.

Gwen managed to loosen her skirt and wriggled it down over her hips. It fell to the floor revealing her red lacy panties.

Pip ran his hands up and down her flanks as he suckled, loving the feel of her soft skin. He could feel his stiff cock pressed against the material of the royal panties..

Gwen pushed him back, disengaging his mouth from her tit.

" Kneel," she told him.

Pip knelt on the floor, his cock standing proudly out in front of him. Gwen slowly pulled down her panties and Pip gasped as he saw her luxuriant black bush. Gwen grabbed his hair and pushed his face against her sex, Pip inhaled deeply, savouring her scent.

Gwen let go of Pip's head and retreated to her bed. She slipped off her shoes and climbed onto the bed. She lay on her back, her legs spread.

"Stick your cock in me," she told him.

Pip climbed onto the bed and got down between Gwen's legs. He put his cock to her opening and pushed, it slipped inside her with ease.

"Mmm, good boy," she said to him as she felt his meat fill her hole.

"Oh your majesty," he moaned as he felt her hot wet cunt envelope him.

"Now fuck me, fuck me hard, fuck me deep," she told him.

Pip pulled his cock out and thrust it back in, a look of concentration on his face. Gwen looked up at the handsome young man who was servicing her and smiled.

"Faster, " she entreated him, "I like it fast."

Pip picked up the pace but this was too much for him.

"Oh!" he cried as he felt his seed spew forth from his cock and fill the royal cunt.

"Oh," said Gwen in a disappointed voice, "that was a bit quick."

"I am sorry your majesty, I am so sorry," said Pip.

"Never mind," said Gwen, "you can have another go when you're ready."

Pip withdrew his limp penis from Gwen's twat and knelt on the bed in front of her, a sad expression on his face. Gwen smiled at Pip and stroked his arm, she hoped she did not have long to wait for him to be ready again.

Minutes passed and still he was not ready to perform.

"I thought young men like you were good to go again after only a minute or two," she said to him.

"Sorry your majesty," he replied, "I guess I am a little intimidated by you."

Gwen had an idea. She picked up the bottle of HRT, uncorked it and dripped a couple of drops onto Pip's cock, then she gently rubbed it in.

"Oh my!" she exclaimed as it immediately became as stiff as a post and the head swelled and expelled a stream of precum from the little slit at the end.

Pip threw her back on the bed and climbed on top of her, the bottle of tincture flying from her grasp and emptying it's contents onto the floor. Pip put his cock to her hole and thrust it in, then he began to fuck her like a maniac.

"Oh by the gods of the sun and the moon, that feels good," she moaned as she was ploughed thoroughly by the young messenger.

"Grrrr!" was the only sound that came from Pip as he banged her, his hips working like pistons, his engorged cock head leaving her and entering her at a phenomenal rate.

"Oh fucking hell!" she shouted as she reached her climax, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

Gwen had an incredible orgasm, her insides boiling over, her cunt going into spasm, her sight becoming blurred.

"Uuuuuuuh!" cried Pip as he sent a huge load of spunk into her, his cock squirting and squirting, emptying his balls completely.

Pip pulled his softening cock out of the queen and lay beside her.

"Fuck me that was good," said Gwen as she came back down to earth.

"I'm getting hard again," said Pip, looking down at his stiffening penis.

"Get back inside me then," replied Gwen.

Pip got back on top of her and pushed his stiff cock inside her spunk-filled cunt. Once again he started to bang her with a vengeance.

"Yes! That's it Pip, fuck me like before, fuck me hard," she told him.

Pip's thrusts were even more vigorous than before, his muscular legs pumping his cock in and out with incredible speed.

"Oh YES!" cried Gwen after a couple of minutes, another orgasm approaching.

"Uuuuh!" cried Pip again, only this time there was nothing to come out of him. 

"Uhuhuhuhuh!" shouted Gwen, as she experienced another fantastic orgasm.

"Uh," groaned Pip as he passed out, still lying on the queen.

"Oh shit!" said Gwen when she realised that she had an unconscious boy lying on top of her.

Gwen rolled Pip off of her, he lay on his back, eyes staring blankly at the ceiling.

"Oh fuck, I think I've killed him," Gwen said out loud.

Gwen gave Pip a slap on his cheek to rouse him, but there was no response. She put her ear to his chest and listened for a pulse.

'Thank fuck for that,' she though to herself, 'at least he's still breathing.'

Gwen let him lay on her bed beside her and she went to sleep. 

Next morning Pip had recovered slightly but was still feeling nauseaus, had a headache and leg cramps. Queen Gwen sent for Morag the witch.

"You gave him some HRT, didn't you?" Morag said to Gwen.

"Yes," the queen replied, looking at the floor and swivelling her foot as she spoke.

"I told you not to, didn't I?"

"Yes."

"He is suffering from the side effects of HRT. Don't do it again, alright?"

"Sorry Morag."

So queen Gwen promised not give HRT to anyone ever again and Morag went away, but Pip, well that's another story.