 Part 3 - From Bad to Worse

The twins arrived at the conclusion that they had to chase their prey. However, they lacked the resources to find their targets without an acceptable chance of success. Logically, even if they were able to follow the veritable scent of the rogues, which had gone from the one on the plane to four quite suddenly, they could quite likely be moving from their current location and the Twins could follow them forever. Thus they decided they had to recruit more subjects.

As the Twins strode in straight-backed purposeful nudity into the shopping centre, their huge chests standing out proudly, bearing their breasts forth as their male genitals rose to a proud stance and their pussies dampened, they began to channel energy. Nineteen human beings had gone into their creation, and nineteen human beings worth of strength coursed through their veins, reinforced and tripled by the power their alien blood gave them. Reaching the epicentre of the place, the twins stood still. Everyone who had seen them thus far, staring in disbelief, stood mesmerized by their bodies. Turning so they were back to back, their bottoms pressed together, forming an upside-down love heart shape between their shoulder blades and asses, The twins brought their arms up. Slowly, methodically, they lifted them until they pointed up towards the heavens and met. Upon contact of finger to finger, an invisible bolt of energy, of emotion, shot from their bodies. Raw, unrestrained arousal rocketed from them in all directions as though a bomb had gone off. 

Instantly everyone around them froze. Shoppers holding phones, bags, food, simply forgot themselves, their arms relaxing with the rest of their bodies. There was a collective crash as every single held item in the building fell from relaxed hands. Eyes closed as the entire centre full of human slaves became one with pure sexual desire.

Then the twins lowered their arms.

Like a crowd at a game doing the Mexican wave, on cue they all fell. The Twins' arms lowered and so did the willpower of the multiple thousand people shopping there today. Every single person in the building began to orgasm, moans, yelps, dirty talk flowing from them as their sexual organs spontaneously blazed into life. Each time the majority of the occupants in the place had finished a round and were coming down from the high, the Twins tensed their arms, shooting a new wave of sex. Orgasms hit anew, refreshed, brand new arousal energizing them. As they did so, the twins split, moving to the nearest writhing body. Climbing on, completely calmly, they tore the clothes from their subjects, leaning down and pressing into the hapless human below them. Biting, kissing, fucking. All the twins had to do to transfer their essence to their prey was to transfer fluids. The twins kissed, they took spurting cocks in their mouths, slid their own into pussies, rubbed cum and spit onto bodies. They worked their war around the hundreds of people in the place. 

As they finished with a person, after a while as the new cells took over, changes began. Blood pumped faster, skin stretched. Defections disappeared, injuries healed. Each person's sexual organs, their crotch, formed some kind of identification. A mark to represent their slavery. For some, bright purple welts on or around their meat. For others, the soft sensitive skin of their pussies or dicks turned a shade of purple. As each person became Theirs, they woke. As their eyes opened, purple glows could be seen hiding deep within, glows that represented their complete and total devotion to their new Goddesses. 

The Twins were assimilating their help.

Emily, Courtney, Peter and Cara returned home. Cara, far from in shock, was excited. So excited that as she got into the house she immediately waved for them to follow her. Obliging, they found the living room where she grabbed some pillows and threw them on the floor. Then, she stripped, got on all fours with pillows under her knees and arms, and promptly instructed them to "start fucking." Cara's dream fantasy was to be fucked in the ass or pussy while two others, girls or guys, licked whichever holes were not occupied. More than happy to oblige Peter moved to her and grasped her ass with superhuman strength, lifting her slightly and sliding a rod as hard as steel shaft deep into her aching pussy. She gasped, visibly shocked. As Peter began to thrust, she closed her eyes in ecstasy and Courtney straddled the woman to bend down to her pucker. Emily did some work to slide under neath the bucking woman but she slipped in from the side and pushed her crotch up so Peter's cock was sandwiched between her cunt and Cara's. His balls slapped her lips and she felt his shaft sliding into the woman above him. Cara's massive tits dangled in Emily's face and she took them up, sucking and sucking hard at the firm nubs capping the glorious mountains. 

Peter's cock began to expand, filling and stretching Cara to maximum. She moaned louder. Then it began to grow, but not into her. A second head emerged from his base, growing effortlessly into the second pussy presented to it. It filled Emily in no time and his motion now inseminated two females at once. But Courtney wanted more and so she turned, pressing her ass into his stomach as the mass of people rhythmically pumped up and down. She could just keep herself balanced on Cara's back but thanks to their superhuman strength Cara had no trouble supporting the girl and so Courtney lifted her legs and wrapped them around Cara, her hands reaching down and massaging Cara's breasts. 

Peter took his cue and a third member snaked out and into Courtney. Courtney yelped and immediately her body shook with arousal ad she mashed Cara's tits. Another penis formed between them and expanded into Cara's open ass, and a other found Courtney's. A final massive purple veined dick entered Emily's asshole and suddenly the three of them were all holes full at once with Peter's gigantic throbbing members. 

Emily looked up into Cara's eyes, the crystalline depths glowing and tumbling end over end as her hair shone and her skin rippled. She reached up with her head and kissed the girl, pressing their chests together. Cara was fulfilled, her fantasy came to life. Immediately as Emily's tongue slid against her own her pussy burst to life, clamping around Peter and shooting cum onto him. Emily grabbed Cara's waist and her hands glowed as she melded slightly into the bucking woman. Immediately she experienced the same powerful orgasm Cara had, cramming her groin up and into the pussy-cock-pussy orgy. Courtney leaned down and kissed Cara's back, grasping her tits and in an instant she was one with them, cum starting to run down her cunt and onto the Scotts lass sandwiched between them. 

Peter was already one with them as his heads rammed into them and he blew a mammoth load deep inside them, six cocks unleashing jets of purple semen inside the three girls. The gyrating pack of single-minded hybrids all moaned as one, high pitched wales as their bodies convulsed with pure joy. Peter kept pumping for several minutes while they came down. Finally, he extracted his members, standing back as six huge dangling cocks dripping semen and vaginal fluid hung from his lower body. Cara slumped into Emily, Courtney sitting doggy style on the top. The three stayed there, kissing, fondling, as eventually they rolled over and laid side by side in sticky naked joy. Peter slipped between them, and each girl fondly played with a penis as they looked at each other. 

Each's eyes glowed so brightly that the other felt totally entranced by them. Sharing cum and minds, the four relaxed and eventually slept, dreaming dreams the four of them were in, minds acting as one, bodies entangled and stimulated. 

Across town, the Twins had almost finished their work. By now, over six hundred slaves filled the shopping centre. As each slave's pussy or cock pulsed with unseen hands, members or mouths, constant stimuli ever present reminding them of their total unquestionable bond to their Queens, they began to return to their shopping. By the time the twins had found every last petty human, the centre was operating more or less as normal. Customers strolled around, ignoring their queens visibly but mentally worshiping them religiously. As people left, they would act as eyes and ears for the girls, act as bodies to control, act as vessels for the essence that would being the hybrid rogues under their power. As newcomers entered the people here would assimilate them, too, passing on more of their Queen's essence, making more vessels. 

Their work done, the Twins left. As they started one of the many vehicles outside, one that had belonged to their subjects within, The Twins decided they wanted to make out. So they did.

The human drives inside them, multiplied by nineteen and strengthened by hundreds, were controllable, but neither Human nor alien were emotionless species. As the totally telepathically linked girls climbed on each other in desperation to get to the other, one found the seat lever and the back clicked down until it lay flat. Now having a bed of sorts her sister climbed onto her and immediately ground her pussy into her twin as her cock slid into the other's wet hole. As they did so, their hands began to glow, eyes lighting up and firey-purple hair shining. Their cells raced, rejuvenating, minds refreshed as they melded together. 

Then something strange happened. Sister on top, rocking and bucking as their glowing hot bodies shared cum and minds, began to shimmer.

So did sister underneath.

Then, sister on top cried out. She threw her head back and cried, as both orgasm and pain hit her. Her sister echoed, grasping each other. Then, sister on top sat up and her head went right through the car's roof. So transparent it was barely visible, she faded away.

Sister two, sister who was underneath, came so hard she broke her leg as she bucked. Not even noticing until she was done she finally opened her eyes and beheld the car's driver seat. 

'Jesus fucking christ...' She exclaimed. The entire area before her pussy was covered in come. The windscreen, steering wheel, roof. Cum dripped from various locations. Looking down, she saw, to her surprise, her pussy had a large sleek purple dildo sticking from it. Taking it and sliding it out with a slurp she saw the extent of the semen she had apparently produced. Shrugging she sat up a little to suck it clean and as she put it to her mouth electricity shot through her, electricity that raised hairs and hardened nipples, that stroked clits and slapped asses. As she felt the waves wash her her nerves returned and she felt something wrong with her leg. Seeing it bent, she cursed and lifted it gingerly to the seat. 

Channeling her power she focused on the cracked bone and with the area surrounded by energy she suddenly swung her hand down and clapped the leg. It clicked into place and the energy she had focused surged into the break, healing it. 

Deciding she could hardly drive a cum-filled vehicle into public, she got out and strode about 8 steps to the vehicle next to it, where she got in and started it up without a key. As she reached to the ignition her fingers closed on a key that did not exist, and turned a lock that had no key pins inside as though this was perfectly normal. Bringing the vehicle out she drove out of the car park without really knowing where she was going. Stopping at the gate she slid a card that was not there into the machine. Finally she reached the main road and turned into the traffic of the city, her strange glowing dildo resting on the seat beside her naked body.

Forty-two people lay sprawled across each other in the former Shana's bedroom. A mess of naked flesh on flesh covered the floor, twitching and writhing as their energies fed into the great Mother above. In the bead the gorgeously inhuman woman breathed hard as her latest pregnancy neared birth. Inside the house six people, three female, three male, milled, functioning not unlike a family in all but their complete nudity. 

For the new beings, their human features were just that - human. The new race would be more or less unable to metaphysically regenerate, alter shape as it were. Not yet, anyway. A variant would eventually be called for to maximize the diversity of the new species. The beauty of their alien mother was that their DNA was made up from that of the human donors on the floor in the bedroom and their alien essence. Inbreeding was not possible and hence flaws through such methods were impossible. 

The new race boasted incredible intelligence, that of about 60 - 100 average men or women. Their bone structure is restrengthened to be about equal to what it would be were it carbon-fibre reinforced with titanium cores. Their muscles are fully shaped, fit and powerful, their bodies well built, well weighted and well fed. Their immune systems resistant to all diseases known to human and Cadothe kind and their organs capable of withstanding extreme stress. They would and could survive on almost anything and could regenerate almost any wound or injury. Their features would be perfect so mating would be an easy task, and mating would be an expected and required activity for all. 

The new species of hybrid people had values. Self worth. Friendship. Community and equality. Looking after yourself in every way meant eating when needed, sleeping when needed, exercise, learning and sex whenever needed. A good physical and mental workout was simply obvious - exercise, intercourse, pursuit of knowledge, all blatantly needed things. They withheld standards, lived by logical codes that dictated only what they knew they needed to live and hence was in no way illogical to follow. Their goal was to recreate the earth with perfect harmony. Nature would be nourished, blossoming along side a future driven society. Technology would advance, but not towards money, but towards economical living, beauty and prosperity. 

This new race was, indeed, perfect. And these six were all booked on flights across the world today. Sarah, who would find a nee name as she created her new world in America, was destined to make love to as many men and women as she could, spreading her seed over the next four or six hundred years before she retired to rebuild nature. Alex, who would find Europe. Jordan was destined to circle Australia. Michael for England. Trish for a traveler's life. Ben, for Africa. 

Together they would spread the world and cleanse the impurities left by humanity. With hugs, kisses and fond touching up, the six eventually made love one last time to each other before leaving for their airports. 

Taylor drove calmly and casually at the maximum speed the blatantly obvious road rules allowed her. Commenting to herself, or perhaps to the strange and somehow powerful dildo on the seat next to her to which she felt an odd attachment, as though were it not deep inside her vagina she were not whole, that the people of the place on which she had been modeled were clearly rather stupid or had some kind of hindering features that made it very hard to not notice and remember such a trivial item as the speed vehicles on the road should pertain to. Wondering further about the race she was designed to look like, she removed her hands from the steering wheel and began examining her body. Lifting a leg slightly she turned the bend with her knee in an effortlessly executed motion as she quite methodically and thoroughly felt every part of herself, noting how some areas offered a pleasurable feeling while others offered a very opposite pain. 

Taylor did not know how her name had come to be so, nor did she know to where the twin she had been a half and part of had vanished. In her mind, she had only half memories, recollections that always contained an identical her in them. Everything she did was the exact likeness in thought and motion to her twin. So where was she now? Under different instructions from the womb which had spawned them both? Or was she the result of the unusually large and powerful orgasm in the vehicle she had left in the parking lot of the supermarket which at this moment was divulging a thousand hypnotized slaves into the world through which she was supposed to hunt her prey.

Her prey. That was the only thing she knew in total. She was to find the three she could feel out there, the large presences. The ones that did not share their thoughts, the three purple dots on a purple radar that told no stories and gave no sensations. She would have them in her mind. She needed to have them in her mind. She needed to feel them, to experience the freedom they felt. Where she had been sent out under the complete control of a being so powerful it was tasked with birthing thousands of brand new people, sent out to find and assimilate these rogues, now she would find and assimilate them for her own freedom. Their strange ability to exist without outside stimuli fascinated her.

Taylor drove onto the street and felt them closer like there was a GPS way point hovering on the road before her. Over 50 different men and women's intelligence burned like an inferno inside her mind, over 50 people's desires and wills and lusts lit fuses and rubbed ice inside her body, over 50 people's skin, strength and features made her body so irresistible mere words cannot explain her. And right now, every single desire, every single wish and whim, every single burning pussy-tingling lust, every logical outcome drove her in, into the house, in where her freedom milled.

She stepped out of the car without turning it off, letting it roll into the fence and stop propped up on a post with a bone jarring wrench. She was sprinting to the house and simply pushed the door open, the lock breaking as though it were made of butter. Striding in she saw the three naked humanoids staring at her and without words raised her hands. They fell to their knees, simultaneously moving hands to pussies or cocks and beginning to saw back and forth. She closed her eyes and waves and waves of stimulus flowed form her and her subjects fell to the floor as they pounded themselves relentlessly fueling the lust filled fire inside Taylor.

Taylor looked down and saw the dildo sticking from her pussy where she had not put it. Then she herself fell to her knees as it began to buzz. It went higher. Level three. She was on her knees. Four, five. Eyes closed as moans escaped her. Eight, nine, she shook as she tried to pump it into her but found her arms would not move. Seventeen, eighteen, she fell back, screaming out writhing just as the three before her were, relentlessly clenching her legs and pussy together as hard as she could to try to get off. Level 45, she was lost, mindfucked, entirely out of physical pleasure and into a surreal ethereal world. 49, Emily, Courtney and Peter changed. Matching dildos formed in their hands and they speared themselves on them, Peter slamming himself into a perfectly made model pussy that was, in reality, Taylors, in two places at once. 

Level 50. A level for every enhanced reality she possessed. 

Taylor came. Fucking hard. Emily came hard. Courtney burst. Peter fired. Everyone blew

As the four of them floated in the nothing world of pure bliss they became aware of each other, saw each other being pounded by cocks or fucked by beautiful women, saw hands massaging and kneading breasts, pulling and sucking at dicks, saw asses being smacked and grabbed, saw tongues sliding in and out of mouths. As each of them experienced such total, whole bliss, they began to merge. Forming together. Their mental beings became one, sliding into each other as, in the real world, their bodies came together, crawling into one big pile, melding, becoming one. The whole room began to glow, purple cracks formed not only on the bodies, but on the walls, floor, ceiling. The ground shook as pure hybrid blood mixed with pure hybrid blood. 
