 The B of being S, 4A - Semi-Final

Emily had been here before. As she floated on nothing with hands caressing every inch of her skin, precisely the same sensations being fed to Courtney's mind and Peter's, both floating identically beside her, both with eyes closed, a tiny part of her realized that she had been here before. As the multitude of fingers and other slippery and oh so arousing things slid in and out of her she was barely able to think and her friends were completely out of it, lost beyond return in the totally mind-existing world of bliss. Their lack of presence and complete submission to the pleasure was very much draining the strength Emily had to herself and she found the sudden and random orgasms that would build and hit her within seconds served as a very effective way of distracting her fragile train of thought and shattering her concentration. As she came down from yet another exhilarating high she tried to piece her thoughts back together again as more and more she heard voices telling her how easy it would be to submit and how much better she would feel if she did. She knew them to be right, and knew all too well that it was her own voice that was saying this, her own mind telling her these things. That's how real it was, and how close she was, to loosing it. 

Emily remembered the hospital memories came back, memories of being enslaved in a world of pleasure by the creature all this had started from. His blood, his being, his essence was what drove this entire thing. The woman she was slave to, her own powers, the Mother currently birthing a new race to take the world over. Another orgasm slammed into her pussy up and she shook, muscles relaxing further. She almost lost herself like someone trying to fight sleep but she finally pulled herself out of it only for another to hit. 

Realizing this was futile, Emily was almost about to give up when something struck her. It was completely insane, but in this world of pleasure, it might just work...

Taylor whipped the chains that burrowed deep into her skin and the three animals at her feet yelped as orgasms struck them. They ate faster, cramming to get their tongues into their Mistress, dying desperately to have just a piece of the godly pussy in their lips. Mindlessly as their eyes shone with the depths of their currently hidden power they forced everything they had into and onto their Mistress in a desperate attempt to give her pleasure that would in turn give them pleasure.

Emily fucked herself. In this world of impossible feats, she simply reached up with her head and found her own pussy hanging before her, spread wide, open and inviting. Noting with a wry moment that this was a first, she dug herself in, gasping immediately at what was the closest to physical contact in this plane of existance. She ate with a reverence and for once as she ate she got more aroused which made her want to eat more and faster. It was the ultimate stimuli, a cyclic system of self-contained and self-generated arousal flowing through her. She ate and ate and pressed herself deep inside, sucking open mouthed on her own lips, drinking her own juice deeply. Her hands seemed suddenly to be free, or at least, not held in place by the soft fingers that stroked and massaged them, and she brought her hands up to finger fuck herself. Down below between her legs from the cloudy mist on which they all sat, two very real looking fingers appeared and slid straight inside her, knuckle deep. She gasped and clenched, a jolt of arousal coming as she felt her fingers in a pussy as her pussy suddenly felt fingers in it.

As she sawed, she found her arousal climbed incredibly fast. Fucking and being fucked precisely as she liked it, as only she could, sucking and fingering a cunt as her own was mirrored below her brought her to a rocking motion and she moaned out loud as she rocked on her own fingers. All outside arousal gone, all she could feel was her own cyclic bliss. Emily pounded into herself and in a moment as a huge rush surged through her she pried her sticky lips open and blew cool air onto her raw sensitive clit. She explosively moaned at the sensation and rode higher and higher on the orgasm that was coming to her. 

Taylor's pets were working hard, but one seemed to be occupied. The one formerly known as Emily was sitting back and rocking on it's haunches, a hand between it's legs as it moaned softly, mewling with pleasure. She ground her hips back and forth as her eyes closed. Suddenly infuriated, Taylor struck her whip chains and the former woman, now toy cracked back to all fours, whimpering as she returned to her Mistress's pussy, hoping that her Mistress wouldn't notice as her hand slipped back and returned to her groin...

Emily put her hand in it. Fuck it, it was her mind. Minds could be stretched and so could vaginas. She slid her whole fucking hand into herself and yelled out. It was impossible to describe the sheer pleasure the was bringing herself, she was so close to the edge, so ready to burst. She normally would have come by now, but she had some extra work to do today. She pumped her hand into herself and moaned and bucked, letting out an "oh" with each pump in and out as she simply fucked herself silly.

Taylor cracked the whipchains again as the slut toy again rode herself. To her complete disgust, her slave did not return, but instead pressed her head up to her Mistress, rubbing herself against the soft perfect skin of the God woman as she palmed her pussy and rammed fingers home inside herself. With each whipcrack, she came closer, slowly rising up to her Mistress, lifting herself up her leg with one hand while the other blurred between her legs, rubbing her hand on Mistress's cunt as she went up in a disregard for her own bliss, eventually standing on shaky legs as with a mammoth effort the blonde looked deep into her Mistress's eyes, threw her arms around her and kissed her.

Emily fucking CAME. She blew herself so fucking hard she screamed out as her body tensed and pulsed and within a second she was on top of the woman who had taken control of her, grinding herself into her, juices pooling and mixing as their pussies scissored together. She kissed, hard, squeezing and mashing the purple-covered woman's massive hard capped tits, never once giving up. The other slaves joined in, crawling to their Mistress and licking like dogs, adding wet tongues to her pucker and to their pussies. Hands found tits and kneaded and bodies came together. 

Courtney opened her eyes as she rocked back and forth in the cloudy bliss world, taking in her surroundings as she was fucked by something that was not there. Peter looked down as he saw himself being simulated and massaged by nothing, saw pre-cum emerging from him and pooling inside something that was not visible. The two saw each other and released. They began to swim to each other in the surreal world.

Emily felt herself melding with the woman, felt them becoming one. Their juices mixed, tingled, lit on fire, as their pussies burned with pleasure. They felt each other's pleasure, felt each other's pain. Kissing one was kissing the other, one's raw rubbed clit was the other's. Taylor felt herself slipping to the bliss, felt such strong arousal deep inside her, such feeling she had never felt before that she had no resistance to them. She slipped closer and closer to her own special world of bliss, and as it came closer the better it felt and the more she accepted it. As She came, Taylor was enveloped by the mental cloud of bliss and her mind was completely occupied. 

Emily sat back, sucking the sexy soft lip of the woman under her as her own lip was released from her teeth. She took a few licks at the soft soft pink skin, looked down, then lay on the girl and hugged her. She pressed them together, felt the breasts against hers, felt everything the woman was. Then, she sat up, pried their sticky pussies apart, and stood. Shaky on her feet she found a chair and gingerly felt the choker around her neck, which, at the touch, seemed to not be so sharp. As she tried to grasp it and found it spike-less and clean she found the clasp and removed it, in doing so cutting the permanent bond between them. She felt, in the side of her neck exactly where the chain was, two holes stood out. She truly was physically connected to her. Below her Courtney and Peter lay unconscious and intertwined, gently rocking with the aftershocks of powerful orgasms. In their own world, they had come together and made love, fucking until they cummed out of their trance.

Thirty minutes later with hot cups of chocolate and whisky in their hands the three of them looked down at the demi-god below them, her body covered in strange purple markings, her flawless and incredible curves and sexy features every bit as hot in comparative ungraceful slumber as in dominating control.

'What do we do about her? Courtney said as she sipped her drink and smacked her lips at the sharp tang of the alcohol. Her choker was still on, as she rather liked it, though it's chain hung loosely at her side. Peter's cock brace was now a leather-bound strap around his base with a metal ring pressing into it. A stylish constrictor, now only good for squeezing cum out and keeping blood in and no more. Peter rather liked constrictors, making a mention about how a simple squeeze on the outer blood vessels could double a penis's hardness. He rather liked his former Mistress's present. Emily wore two wrist straps and two ankle straps, thin purple and black leather bands around each wrist and ankle. Each had their own form of restraint on their person as a memorandum of their time.

'She's in her own world of bliss now. She won't come out without a reason to. We're pretty safe. Besides...' Emily said. 'I might have drained her rather substantially when I, made her cum...' She said. She could feel the godly sensations of power rising inside her, the desire to force the slaves before her into sexy hot submission. But Emily also had the former hybrid's intelligence, or something of it, and her strength and power had increased. She held the feelings at bay.

'We need to find the mother. Wherever these are coming from will just keep coming until we find and fuck their Mother.' Emily said. Courtney nodded. 

'But how will we do that? If we could barely win against this, what do we do against a woman so powerful she can give constant birth to an entire race?'

'We don't. I really don't think even the three of us can resist her.'

'Then what do we do?' Peter asked.

After a long pause, Emily said softly,

'We give ourselves over to her. We have to become a part of the new race. It's the only way to ensure we live on... And can have some control over the new people.'

'What?!' Both said in unison.

'Think about it. It's the only logical option. We can't fuck her to submission. We can't just hide her, her spawn will find her and protect her. She will always be a problem. Think about it. We've already lost, we lost when she was first created. All we can do now is be sure that the new race has the right intentions.'

No one spoke for a long while. Taylor twitched. Still no one spoke.

'Look guys... I know this is hard to understand. Hard to accept. But think about it. What stories like this have happy endings? We're not in the movies, we're in real fucking life.' Courtney noticed the cuss, something Emily rarely did. 'We've all been irreversibly changed by this thing. Ever since the hospital, ever since the day I was chosen to be the first Mother for the new race, my life and yours were never to be the same. Emily died that day, Courts. I'm something else. 

When you were injured and the only way to save you was to make you part of what I am, you were lost too. At the time, it was death or a different life. Now, I know that the Courtney we both knew died that day, regardless.'

Courtney looked down in shame, shame because she knew it was true. She felt bad to be her.

'Peter is here because the original being we defeated needed to distract us. He left a physical representation of himself behind as a symbol. Peter was put here to live normally, and to keep us happy, something we earned the day we out fucked Him. But something of him got away, reproduced, and found a new Mother, one with less willpower. The day we defeated Him is the day we doomed the world to rebirth.'

Peter only watched Emily with his intent stare, watching her speak.

'Let's face it, guys. What we have here? Humanity? It's pretty bad. We live in a world designed for money, where the items we have are worth more than the love we hold for others. We pollute to make more of what we want when we could just as easily create more efficient and non-polluting ways to provide what we want in ways that nurture the world from which we originally came. We cut down trees when we have electronic paper, we burn fossils when we have electricity. We eat ourselves away in mediocrity when our combined intelligence can replenish and refresh this planets and give every living being a new equal life. We have the resources to feed the world, but half goes hungry. Guys, humanity has made a complete fuck-up of everything. But us? You, me? We aren't that anymore. We're not human. We can represent humanity, use the intelligence and strength we've been given to heal the world. We have a fresh start here.

Now I see that it was us who were wrong. Where we saw a creature we did not understand trying to rob people of their individuality, while this was the case, his intentions were the exact opposite. Sure, he went about it the wrong way. But we can fix that. We can make changes. People don't have to loose their distinctiveness, forget their skills or lives. All they have to do is care. Nourish those around them and the planet they live on.'

Emily stopped, looked down. 'Maybe i'm wrong. Maybe i'm deranged. But the way I see it, what other choice do we have?'

Eventually, Courtney looked up. 'Emily, I've loved you since the day I saw you. Never in the years I've known you have you made a bad choice, or not known with surprising insight what is needed. I trusted you before, and... I still do. If you think this is the right thing to do, then I'm in too.'

Emily looked up, a smile starting to crease her face. Courtney smiled and gave her girlfriend a friendly, loving, naked hug.

'I agree. While I am not of human origin, I would like to pride myself of being an enlightened person. I have learned much about the race from which you hail, and I believe that what you are showing right now is the human quality of wisdom. You are a wise woman, Emily, and I will stand by your side for as long as I live.' He smiled. 'And the same goes for my best friend, Courtney.'

The three of them hugged.

'Wait a minute. Where's Cara?' Courtney said.

TO BE CONCLUDED