 This is not a sex story so much as a love story with sexy bits. Indeed, if you don't get turned on by body swap stories you might not find it sexy at all.

Oh, and this is chapter three. If you haven't read from the start, really, it's better that way.

Enjoy

******

Chapter Three: Jenny Eccles

When we got back I went into my room, stripped off and got down on my hands and knees ready to take off the necklace. The dizziness came and went and it wasn't long before I was back as a guy, kneeling on the floor, still a little breathless and checking between my thighs that everything was in order. When I had fully recovered and was putting away my girl clothes in the wardrobe I felt a little twinge of regret. After the initial shock and disorientation I had quite enjoyed being a girl. In particular the walk in the park had been lovely. It was hard to pin down the difference but if boy Tom had suggested a walk in the park with Andy it would have been rejected out of hand but for girl Tom, that was fine. I pushed this whimsy to one side, dug out my phone and dialled Jenny's number.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Jenny? Jenny Eccles? This is Tom, Tom Roberts, from college, remember?"

"Tom! Wow, long time and all that. I haven't see you since graduation. What's up? Why the call."

"I need a favour. It's a bit of a delicate matter."

"Ooh, now you've got me. I love delicate matters. Come along, tell Jenny everything."

"There's the problem. I can't tell you over the phone. It's got to be face to face and, more than that, it's got to be somewhere private."

"And why me?"

"Because.... Because back in college you were my closest female friend, the only one I could really talk to. Because of all the women I know you're the one I trust the most."

"Oh, Tom, that's really sweet of you but can't you give me a teensy clue what this is all about?"

"I really can't. I know this is a lot to ask but I really can't tell you anything until we're face to face and in private."

"Umm.... Look, I'm not trying to be funny but does it have to be just me. How about I bring my boyfriend along."

"No! No men! Sorry, didn't mean to snap like that but, if you have to bring a friend it has to be another woman. When you see what I've got to show you you'll understand."

"So, let's get this straight. A guy I used to know in college, a guy I used to be good friends with but haven't spoken to in ages, rings me up out of the blue and wants to meet somewhere in private but he won't tell me why and insists that I don't bring my boyfriend. Why on earth should I agree?"

"You're right. You shouldn't. I'm sorry I bothered you."

"Hang on, hang on. I didn't say I wouldn't. Do you know, of all the guys in our year you're the one who didn't make a pass at me. You're gay, aren't you? This has something to do with being gay, doesn't it?"

"Not exactly...."

"Not exactly means yes. OK, you've got me. I'll be your fag hag. When do you want to do this."

"Soon as possible. In fact the sooner the better."

"That urgent, eh?"

"It is a bit."

"Well, I'm not doing anything tonight. Do you still live in Melchester?"

"Yes."

"In that case, how about meeting up in the Flying Horse at seven. Do you know the Flying Horse, the one on Bishop Street? You can buy me dinner while you tell me all about it. Yeah, I know you said somewhere private but if you want to do this then you're going to have to play by my rules and my rules say that we start with the Flying Horse. If, and it's a big if, I feel safe then we can go back to my place after we've eaten."

And so it was that, come seven o'clock, we met up at the Flying Horse. It's more of a chain than a gastro-pub but the meals are edible and reasonably priced. As we ate we caught up with old times. When I told her I lived with Andy she commented that she knew I was gay and laughed at my protestations.

With the meal done she looked at me long and hard and I could see her weighing things up. Apparently I passed the test because she agreed that we could go back to her house which turned out to be just around the corner. As we walked there she kept her hand in the pocket of her jacket and I could see she still didn't entirely trust me but she let me in and, together, we went into her front room.

"OK, now you've got me in private, tell me about this big mystery," she said as she closed the door. 

"I can't tell you, I'll have to show you but, before I do, please, you have to promise that you won't freak out."

"Have I ever been the sort that freaks out?"

"No, and that's part of the reason I chose you but this is a bit extreme. Are you ready?"

"As ready as I'll ever be."

"Just don't panic. OK. I've no idea what this looks like from the outside but, here goes." I slipped off my jacket and laid it on a chair. Then I took the necklace from my jeans pocket and put it around my neck and, for the third time that day, I went through the transformation.

I don't know if it was that I was getting used to it or whether it was actually getting easier but each change was far less traumatic than the previous one. Sure, there was still the dizziness and sure, I still ended up on all fours on the floor but I recovered faster and it wasn't long before girl Tom was looking up at Jenny who was standing over me. She no longer had her hand in her pocket but it was out, holding a spray canister which was pointed directly at me.

"How the heck did you do that? You have ten seconds to tell me before I give you a face full of pepper spray! One false move and you get sprayed anyway."

"Please, Jenny! Don't do that. I don't know how I do it, I don't know even if I do it, please, Jenny, I really don't know."

"And you're still Tom?"

"Oh yes, very much so."

"You... you don't look like Tom."

"But I am. Really I am."

"Really.... OK, so where did we go the night your gran died?"

"The Lee Raj. The one down Squires Gate Road."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure, Jenny. Don't you remember? I needed somewhere quiet and it was the only place we could think of. We sat in a booth near the back and I cried my eyes out."

"It really is you! Wow! And this metamorphosis.... Do you just look like a girl or have you really...?"

"As far as I can tell I'm completely female. I mean completely female. And that's the point. I need help. I don't know how to be a woman. Everything is so... complicated."

"Well, the first thing you do as a woman is get up off the floor. It looks like I won't be needing this any more." She put the spray on the mantelpiece. "Now, tell me all about it."

And so I ran her through what had happened so far ending up with how the shopping trip had been such a disaster.

"How do you choose? There are so many styles I didn't know where to start."

"It depends what you want to look like. Why do you think we girls spend so much time looking at fashion magazines? We're trying to find a look we like and then we go out and buy it. Well, that's the idea, anyway. First of all, and this is a big question, who are we dressing, Tom or Tomasina?"

"How do you mean?"

"Well, if we're dressing Tom, that's Tom in a woman's body, then you'll want to go for Tom's ideal and, from what I know of boys, that means it will be all about sex. High heels, short skirts, uplift bras the lot. Look at that skirt Andy got for you. He was thinking with his prick, not his brain. On the other hand, if we're dressing Tomasina we're going to have to find out who she is."

"I don't want sexy."

"Not at all?"

"I'm not ready. The first thing Andy suggested was that we shag, as he so elegantly put it. The boy part of me understands how he could want to but the girl part of me simply isn't ready."

"So there is a boy part of you?"

"Well, it's more like I can remember what it was like being a boy. When I'm like this I look like a girl, I feel like a girl and I think I think like a girl but I just don't know. It's all a bit confusing."

"So when you are 'ready' you will be ready for boys, not girls?"

"Well, yeah, I guess so. I'm a girl, aren't I?"

"Yes, you are. Good answer. Now stand up and let me have a look at you."

I got to my feet, my boy clothes, as ever, far too big and hanging off me. I had to put my hand to my waist to hold my jeans up as, guided by Jenny, I gave her a twirl.

"Hmm. I can't really see under all that clobber but it looks like we're not too far off the same size. Come on through and try on some of my stuff. That will give you an idea of what works and what doesn't."

I followed her through to her bedroom and sat on the bed while she rummaged in her wardrobe. "Here, try this," she said passing back a hanger.

I looked at what she had passed me and it didn't seem to make a lot of sense.

"How do I...?"

She looked back and saw me looking gormless.

"You really haven't got a clue, have you? OK, first things first, you can't try on my clothes while you're still wearing all that boy stuff. Come on. If you're going to do this thing you have to do it properly." 

Even with Jenny being so matter of fact I was more than a trifle apprehensive. After all, this was going to be the first time that girl Tom had been naked in front of another human being. However, Jenny had that no nonsense look of hers and she was quite right, if she were going to help me I had to stop being such a prude. I stood up and peeled off my tee shirt. Below the waist my jeans were already falling down so I just encouraged them and, as I did so, I stepped out of my oversize shoes.

"And those," Jenny said, pointing at my boxers. "What's that look for. You've nothing I haven't seen before and, anyway, those boxers really don't fit you anymore."

I took off my boxers and, whilst at it, slipped off my socks which left me standing feeling as naked and exposed as I have ever done. I stood nervously, one arm across my groin, the other across my breasts.

"It's all right for some," Jenny said, eyeing me up and down. "I wish I had a magic necklace that made me that good looking. And that hair! It's gorgeous. I see you're blonde downstairs as well. However, you might want to consider trimming a bit before you wear a bikini."

"Jenny!"

"What? If you're going to go all coy on me then this really isn't going to work. Here, try these and you'll see what I mean."

She rummaged in a draw and pulled out a pair of panties in powder blue lace. I slipped them on and they fitted just fine. Jenny was right; we were close enough in size to share clothes.

"Now look in the mirror and check it out."

Unlike my meagre dressing table mirror, Jenny had a proper full length one and I went and stood in front of it. I could see what she meant; there were, indeed, a few stray wisps of hair escaping, but that wasn't what struck me. This was the first time I had got to see myself properly in a full length mirror; this first time I could appreciate the full effect. What's more, the panties that Jenny had picked out were just the thing. Pretty, feminine, sexy but not tarty. I struck a few poses, looking at myself from different angles.

"You are a lucky cow, you know. Most girls would give just about anything for a body like yours and all you have to do is put on a necklace."

"You don't think my tits are a bit small."

"No. They're just right. And I'll tell you this for free, non of my bras are going to fit you. Now come on, Tomasina, let's find your look."

"Yeah, sure," I agreed, still not turning away from the mirror, "but, Jenny, I don't think I'm Tomasina, it's too much like my boy name. I think I'm more... Tiffany."

"OK, Tiff, whatever you say. Now let's try this top on you."

She helped me on with the top. It had an empire waist with flowing lines flaring over the hips. The halter top cupped and held my breasts while leaving most of my shoulders exposed.

"And below the waist?" I queried, as I once again looked in the mirror.

"Jeans? Leggings? It's up to you. Whatever makes you feel comfortable. I've got some Lycra leggings you can try."

And so we did. And that was just the start of it. Jenny passed me item after item and I'm not sure there was much left in her wardrobe untouched by the time we had finished. Somewhere along the way she broke out a bottle of wine and we had a right good girly evening, laughing, having fun, trying on her clothes. I was beginning to appreciate something that, as a boy, I never had. How the choice of clothes completely changed the woman wearing them. We were, of course, limited by what Jenny owned but one moment I was relaxed and casual, the next a sex kitten, then next all businesslike, the next very student. And it wasn't just how I looked; it changed how I felt, how I was. 

"And last, but by no means least, every girl needs an LBD."

"LBD?"

"A little black dress. Here, see how this fits."

Like a glove, that's how it fitted. Well, not physically. Jenny and I weren't quite the same shape and it was a bit tight around the bust but, in terms of look, it fitted me fine. Mid-thigh to show off my legs, tight and clingy around my torso and a strapless top with a sweetheart neckline that put the goods right in the shop window. Altogether sleek and slinky but never, ever, cheap. I looked, and felt, a million dollars. It just needed....

"Heels, Jenny, please tell me you've got heels to match!"

Of course she did. Three inch stiletto courts in black patent. Her feet were maybe a size or so larger than mine which made them a bit too loose but, style wise, they were perfect. Well, until I tried to go anywhere.

"How on earth do you walk in these?" I asked, reaching out for support.

"It takes practice. Take small steps, swing your hips, walk on the balls of your feet. There you go. Not quite ready for the catwalk but you'll get there."

Once again I looked in the mirror. Oh boy! The shoes made my legs seem to go on forever and my blonde hair cascading down made the perfect contrast with the stark black of the dress. Even the necklace looked perfect; a small and simple statement breaking up my bare shoulders.

"I must have one of these! Plus all the bits. When can I...."

"Steady on. The first thing you need is the occasion. After all, you can't wear something like this round the shops."

"That's a point. Oh, Jenny, I got so carried away. Thank you, thank you so much. I've had a ball."

"So have I. Now, I don't want to be a bore but it's getting late. I'll leave you alone as you change back; I'm not that keen on seeing Tom naked if you don't mind. All you have to do is take off the necklace, right."

"That's right but, Jen.... can I be really cheeky and ask for a loan."

"That depends."

"Well, you won't want these panties back until they've been through a wash and the blue dress, the...," I struggled to find the words to describe a knee length A line dress with the puffy sleeves that I had tried earlier so I fetched it out of her wardrobe.

"That one? That's the one you want. I can't see any reason why you can't borrow it but I'm a bit curious as to why that one. It's nothing special. What's it got that the others haven't?"

"This will sound crazy but, until we go shopping and I get my own stuff I've got nothing to wear when I'm lounging around in the house and this dress, well, it's nice and girly and not too fussy and formal."

"I am going to want it back."

"Of course. As soon as I've got my own wardrobe. And the shopping bit, are you OK with that?"

"Just try and stop me. Next Saturday; I can hardly wait."

"If only I had some shoes."

"What do you mean."

"If I had some shoes then I could wear the dress home."

"Try these," she handed me a pair of kitten heel court shoes in white patent leather. "They're too small for me so they might just be OK for you and the heels are low enough to be perfect for a starter like you."

"Are you sure you don't mind."

"The shoes, no, keep them. As I said, they're too small for me. Bought in a moment of madness so they're just gathering dust. As for the dress, make sure you remember it's a loan not a gift."

"Thank you, Jen, thank you. I don't know how I'd have managed without you."

"That's OK. We girls have got to stick together."

"And you won't tell anyone."

"Who would believe me? Now go, it's getting late."

I changed out of the LBD and into the blue dress and then we bundled Tom's clothes into a carrier bag and I bid Jen a fond farewell. On the way out we exchanged kisses. Not on the lips, on the cheeks, but even so, I'd finally got to kiss Jenny Eccles. The strange thing was that it didn't mean anything. No, that's not right, it meant lots, lots to Tiff, but it was a kiss of friendship and, quite frankly, the Tom part of me still hadn't kissed her.

What with the pint in the Flying Horse and the bottle of wine I'd shared with Jen it was a good job I was on the bus and not driving. I'm not sure if Tiff could drive anyway. Sure, I still had the skills but what if I got stopped, or worse still, involved in an accident. Tiff had no driver's licence and no insurance. How could she?

But I didn't mind the bus. It was a warm night and I felt so special, walking through the streets feeling the freedom of a dress rather than jeans and listening to the click, click, click of my heels on the pavement. 

When I got to the stop there was only ten minutes to wait until the next bus. I stood there in a half dream, thinking over all the outfits I had tried on. I'd had so much fun finding the different 'me's, using the clothes to emphasise different aspects of my personality. I was still away with the fairies when a guy of around my age came up and stood beside me. Of course, there was no reason why he shouldn't; after all, he was probably just waiting for the bus as well but, suddenly, I wished I had Jen's pepper spray to hand. What if... what if....

I kept myself to myself and tried to ignore him but I could feel his eyes on me. I just knew he was looking me over and, what's more, I knew he was wondering what was underneath the dress. Could he tell I wasn't wearing a bra? If so what did that make him think I was 'easy'. He wasn't a big guy and Tom would have had no problem at all but Tiff, she's smaller and weaker. If he tried anything....

I'd worked myself up in to a right tizwas when, at last, the bus arrived. I got on, paid my fare, and chose a seat as near to the driver as possible. Naturally the guy got on as well and he chose a seat not far from me. 

'He's just a guy,' I told myself. 'What's more, if Tom were travelling on a late night bus and saw a pretty girl he'd be looking her over.' Now that the boot was on the other foot it was a very different matter and I was all too eager to get myself back home. Millions of women all over the world travel on public transport late at night and not all of them get raped but that didn't stop me worrying. 

When we finally got to my stop I stood up and, briefly, our eyes met and he gave me a rather nervous smile. I'd almost certainly misjudged him. Poor lad. He was probably as nice as they come and not in the least bit a rapist. Didn't stop me looking away quickly and heading for the exit.

"Hi, honey, I'm home!" I called out jokingly as I entered the flat and saw Andy ensconced on the sofa deep in some action movie.

"Hi... Wow! Tom! You look lovely."

"Hi Andy. It's not Tom. Well, it is and it isn't. Once I change back I'll be Tom but, like this, I've decided I'm Tiffany. Tiff for short."

"Tiffany. That's nice. Really pretty. So I gather your date with Jenny Eccles went well."

"It wasn't a date."

"And there was me imagining all sorts of hot girl-on-girl action."

"You keep your imagination to yourself. Better still, stop imagining."

"'Till I get to see you naked that's all I've got, imagination."

"As you're never going to get to see me naked that's all you'll ever have. Got me?"
