 I liked this little town. I'd only been here a week and there were plenty of bodies to feed on, people don't suspect a thing. I hadn't killed anyone. Yet. I was hesitating because I actually wanted to stay a while and explore. Right now, I was perched up in a tall tree, stalking my next victim. I'd been watching him since the sun went down for two nights. I knew where he lived, a secluded cabin out in the woods. No one would hear a thing. He was a loner, didn't talk to many people. I thought about keeping him around, making his home my own if I decided to stay here. He walked out of the liquor store, carrying a bag of two bottles. I could hear them clinking together as he walked out to his small mustang. Gorgeous car. That would be fun to speed through the woods once I got my hands on it. 

When he was almost out of sight, I sped after him. Keeping to the tree line so no one would notice me running in the shadows. It took him thirty minutes to get to town from his cabin. Anyone who didn't know where it was would get lost for sure. I almost did last night while trying to get out of here. I still didn't quite know where I was going but it didn't take long to get within smelling range of the town. He drove off the road, into the trees on a dirt path that wasn't marked. I climbed up the nearest tree and followed him overhead, jumping from branch to branch until his cabin came into sight. Now all I had to do was wait. 

Hours passed before he finally went to bed. The man was up drinking majority of the night. I didn't have enough time to do what I wanted before the sun came up, so tonight, I'd just get one taste. His cabin was smaller than I thought. A living room and one bedroom with a connected bathroom. He left his window open at night, so I easily slipped inside. My eyes adjusted quickly, and I saw him lying there on the bed, half naked with the blanket draped over one of his legs. I carefully climbed onto the bed, hovering over him, licking my lips and taking a deep breath. He smelled incredible. I didn't know what it was about him. Cologne maybe? 

My fangs bared, ready to strike, he took me by surprise. His eyes flew open, and he grabbed a hold of me. We flipped so he was on top, pinning me down on the bed with his body, which had somehow grown more muscular in the last ten seconds. His huge hand covered my mouth as I tried to hiss and lash out. My fangs couldn't puncture his palm, he made sure to keep space between us and still prevent me from striking. He was stronger than I thought, and not human like I thought. There was no fear in his eyes, he knew exactly what I was. It took me time to recover from my shock, realizing what he was. 

I squirmed as his jaw wraps around my neck, I feel him grinning against my skin. Fuck, I'm about to die. Fucking wolves! How did I not know? I squeeze my eyes shut, hoping he'll make it quick. Instead, I feel his sharp claws drag up my body, shredding my clothes. He chuckles and pushes against me, I can feel his hard on pressing between my hips when he finally speaks to me. 

"Foreplay just isn't for beasts." 

I open my eyes in confusion, finding his gaze on me and a wicked smile on his face. Slowly he releases me, rising off the bed still holding that smile. I slowly rise off the bed, my shredded clothes hanging off of me in strips. I tilt my head, my instincts telling me to run but my curiosity of this wolf is winning. 

"How are you strong while maintaining complete human form?" 

He smirked and laughs, reaching over to a small desk to grab a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. "I'm king of wolves." He inhales and blows out a huge cloud of smoke. "You may have followed the wrong man home." 

Crap. He knew I was following him. Of course he had. He's a king apparently. I press myself against the wall and shoot daggers at him with my eyes. He was being too cocky, to smug. It was pissing me off, which only seemed to amuse him more. Carefully I approached him, overwhelmed again by his smell, which now made since. I crawled across the bed over to him, hanging my arms around his neck. My resolve falters slightly as I smirk, leaning in close to his ear, biting softly with my regular teeth and whispering, "No, I don't think I did." 

He stares at me with a heated gaze, the smirk gone from his face now. Did I affect him like he affected me? I didn't ask, it'd break the moment. Instead I laughed and jumped backwards off the bed, my speed keeping me from falling on the floor. I walk normally to the window, ready to run away before this flirting situation gets messy. But he has speed of his own. He's off the bed and behind me as I reach for the window sill to swing out. His hands on my hips, he kisses me. I was to surprised to fight back. It was too short. His teeth bit gently into my lips and tugged as he pulled away. I blinked several times, trying to grasp his reaction. If this was a normal situation, I'd be dead right now. 

I backed up to the window, watching him as I climbed out. He could still strike when my back was turned. Instead he just gave me a small wave, the amusement back on his face. "See you soon." 

Once I cleared the window I bolted. 

I came out of the hotel when the sun went down, still reeling from the previous night. I was angry. I needed to feed. Not caring if anyone saw, I sped off through the cheap motel parking lot toward town, trying to find someone to eat. I found a girl in an alley with her boyfriend. Knocked him out and bit into her neck. I nearly killed her. My control was slipping, I've been around a long time and I didn't leave a trail of bodies. That's how you get caught. I woke up the boyfriend and made him believe they were mugged and he needed to call 911. 

Right now, I was in a park, surrounded by trees. I think it was around midnight. The guy I was drinking from had tried to rape me while I was walking, innocently trying to find a new victim. The bastard caught me off guard, I never got caught off guard. He got me to the ground but it didn't take long for me to overpower him. He couldn't even fight back. Feeding didn't have a challenge anymore. I wasn't going to stop. He didn't deserve to live anyway. Who knows how many women he's successfully raped. 

I heard his heart slow to a faint beat, just outside of my range of hearing. Satisfied, I bit deep into his artery one more time, tasting the sweet blood on tongue. I didn't register anyone else there until I was suddenly thrown off the man, his dead weight falling to the ground with a heavy thud. A huge wolf was standing by him, sniffing his dead body before turning to me. Familiar eyes glared at me, then settled with realization. Looks like my friend came back to play. 

My heart started racing. I laugh, taunting him and lick a stray drop of blood from my thumb. I winked and he shifted back into human form. The fact he was dropping his guard was surprising. He was smiling too, watching me carefully. I jump on my feet and flip back my hair, listening carefully for any sign that the rapist was still alive. After a second, I was satisfied he was dead, returning my attention to the naked man standing in front of me. 

I licked blood from my lips, "Lucky for you I was finished with that." 

His smile got wider, "Lucky for you, your you." Slowly he started making his way to me. "Otherwise this might've turned ugly." He winked and I felt a shiver of excitement. "So, what's a nice thousand-year-old demon like you doing in a damp place like this?" He turned to the dead guy crumpled up by the tree. "Other than decorating." 

I leaned against a tree, trying to seem cool and collected. "I break into your house one night and we're friends? Friends enough that you aren't killing me anyway." I gestured to the dead body. "He was drunk. Not that good anyway." 

He shrugs, glancing over at the dead guy again. "Well, I just enjoy your behavior. I might kill you later... but you're okay. For now." He snapped playfully in my direction, making my heart jump.

I looked him up and down, not being shy about staring at his naked body. "Walking around naked in the town you live in is kind of dangerous." 

He bit his lip. "Sorry, it's the animal in me that does that. But if you weren't the biggest, baddest wolf in the forest, I suppose it would be dangerous." He starts walking closer to me, close enough that I can feel his breath against my neck. I stand very still, afraid to break whatever is happening. His eyes bore into mine, studying me. "Besides, doesn't it seem more dangerous to break into strangers' homes?"

I can't make myself say anything. His hands are wrapped around my waist, I can feel his heat through the fabric of my jeans. It's not fair he's the only one naked. Suddenly his hand is in front of me, holding the silver knife I crafted before coming into this town. I blinked several times at the knife. He'd taken it while I was distracted. I let out the breath i'd been holding, staring at him in disbelief.

"There," He smirks and tosses it over our heads deep into the woods. I'll probably have no hope in finding it to defend myself if he decides to attack me. "Much less dangerous." Then he bites my chin softly, making me moan unexpectedly. 

I tried to take back some of my control by continuing the conversation. "Breaking into your home without research was a bad idea on my part, i'll admit." I hated feeling this vulnerable and I had a feeling of being backed into a corner. Moving to fast for him to realize what I was doing, I flipped us so his back hit the tree. My fangs pressed against his neck, one of my arms draped over his shoulders and the other pressed against his heart. Sharp nails pressed into his skin and I hissed. "I don't need a knife to hurt you. That was to contain human messes."

Underneath my hand I feel his body shake as he chuckles. To my surprise, he pushes his neck into my fangs and I taste a hint of blood. "Yes, but without the silver in that blade I promise you won't kill me. You on the other hand.."

He pushes an arm between us and grabs my shirt and bra, yanking me down to the ground. I stumble under his strength, my clothes ripping before I hit the ground. I tried to get up but he grabs my neck instead. My fangs had been ripped from his skin, fresh blood dripped from the wound in his neck. I was overwhelmed by the smell, to flustered to try and get myself off the ground. I cried out and struggled when his blood starts dripping on my exposed chest, covering my skin out of my reach. 

"Parlor tricks won't work on me. You'll have to try harder than that."

Then he kisses me again. Longer and more passionate than the first time. I moan into his lips, feeling him getting hard against my jean covered thigh. Slowly he pulls away, biting my lip, licking my jaw, I want his hands all over me at once. "Y'know..." He studies me, trailing his thumb over my chin. "I've never had a vampire before." When he moves to bite my neck, the side where my fangs punctured his skin is hovering over me. I frail against the grass, trying but failing to reach it. The only thing I was successfully doing was choking myself against his grip. Some of his blood dripped on his cheek, out of reach of my tongue but I could still smell it. 

"Maybe there's a toll for hunting in my woods." His free hand starts traveling down my body, reaching my waist, yanking off my jeans and underwear, leaving me completely naked underneath him. He looks back up, but my gaze is completely focused on his bleeding neck. "Oh," He chuckles and I notice the humor returning. "You want some?" He leans down, close to my ear, making sure to smear blood from his neck all down my skin as he inches closer, and whispers, "Earn it."

Something snaps in me. I drag my gaze away from his eyes and glare at him. I start laughing, but it lacked any humor. "Earn it? I don't have to earn a damn thing from another warm body." 

He laughs, "Another warm body? Aren't you dead?"

I growl and push him off, taking him by surprise, which is exactly what I needed to get on top. I straddle his waist and kiss him hard, moaning against him as I start to grind. No more fucking teasing. I bring my fangs down back to his neck, the wound I created wasn't quite healed up yet. The blood explodes against my tongue, it barely crosses my mind that I won't be able to stop.

Underneath me he grunts, gripping my throat again and yanking my fangs out of his neck. His eyes were full of lust, aggression, he was enjoying the challenge just as much as I was. "I said EARN it, vampire."

His free hand is on my back, and suddenly I feel something sharp. I hiss against the stinging pain of his claws dragging across my spine, struggling against the grip he has on my throat. Warmth trickles down my skin, and he brings his claws back around coated in red. My wound heals faster than his, but I can still feel the blood. I can't help but moan as his abnormally large tongue licks up the red coating his claws. For some reason it turned me on to watch him drink my blood.

"Hmm," He licked again, slight surprise in his eyes. "I see why you guys do this."

His hand grabs my breast, rubbing some of my blood on my skin. When he yanks us up, my legs wrap around his waist, pure instinct taking over me. Somehow we're perfectly balanced as he leads us to a tree, pinning me once again. When his hand releases my neck I take a huge breath. How had I not realized he was cutting off my airway?

He smirks. "You're more powerful than the average vampire. Interesting."

Before I can comment something sarcastic back, he kisses me again. Full of passion and need, a deep kiss that gave me the same feeling his blood does. That's when I realized his lip had started bleeding at some point. I don't hesitate, sucking on his lip and grinding against him. Why won't he fuck me already? I grab each side of his face and pull him closer, deepening our kiss. I release my legs grip on his waist and shove him into another tree close to us. He watches me, letting me take what I want. My teeth grab his lip again, while my hand traces down his stomach to his cock. I moan, stroking slowly as I keep drinking.

I can tell he's getting weaker. I've drank too much, but it was so fucking amazing I just couldn't stop. He wasn't saying anything about it, in fact he was pressing into my hand softly, urging me on. He deepens the kiss to give me more access, grabbing my waist tight with one hand and my ass with the other. When I feel the tip of his cock press against my clit, I moan and release his lip, pressing my forehead into his chest to hide my face. It was the only thing I could do to stop myself from begging. 

When I look back up, his lip has healed. There's a little dried blood on his chin but mostly I got it all. Me smiles slyly, I can see a plan brewing in his expression. Then he pulls away slightly, suddenly growing fangs and sinking them deep into my neck. My jaw drops in surprise, falling into him as he drinks from me.

"Please," The begging escapes me before I can stop it. "I want more. Please!"

He responds immediately. Raising me up by a light grip on my waist and his teeth, his teeth still in my neck as he moves me into the position he wants. When he drops me, I fall right onto his cock and my jaw drops in a silent scream. He thrusts up when I hit the base, making me bounce up, then right back down. 

When he pulls his teeth from my neck there's a slight burning sting, but it just fuels the lust. He continues this motion as he grins at me, his eyes full of wickey promises. "As you wish." His head raises and he howls up at the moon. He grasps the tree behind him to steady us, fucking me as hard as he can. My wound heals quicker than his neck would, almost instantly. I dig my nails into his skin, drawing blood and sinking my teeth into his chest. He growls, almost like a roar. He stumbles back from surprise but somehow keeps his pace and keeps us from falling to the ground, but the tree behind us breaks. 

His claws dig into my back again, he's refusing to break pace. We fall to the ground, i'm straddling him again. His eyes change, from blue to red and his teeth start growing. He licks his lips and I moan, starting to match his pace. I fall back down to his chest to continue drinking, the blood lust is overtaking all my senses. I can feel his pulse racing, his heart rapidly beating, and I start to notice he's shaking from the loss of blood. He's still refusing to break contact. I can tell he's trying to hide the fact that he's shaking but I didn't miss it. 

It physically hurts to rip away from him. I move so fast I surprise myself at the blurring speed. I watch him, confused laying on the ground and starting to sit up. If I saw his blood again I wouldn't be able to tear myself away. I shake my head and speed off naked through the woods. The sun is beginning to rise soon. How had I not noticed the approaching sun? I left him there, naked and hard. I needed to leave this town. Leave and never come back. 

Two weeks. I stay away from the wolf for two weeks. That's about as much i'm able to stand. Ever since sharing blood, I hadn't been able to drink from anyone. After a few minutes i'd throw it up. Not to mention the revolting taste blood never had before. His cabin was quiet, late at night I could hear his soft breathing. He was sleeping inside. Still he left his window unlocked. Does this wolf never learn? 

I climb in, but it's difficult. My balance wavers and I fall. Bringing with me a table that hadn't been there before with me to the floor. I'm dizzy, hungry, my fangs are permanently stuck out I haven't been able to retract them. I hadn't noticed he wasn't in the bed. He bolted up from a hammock that was a new addition to the room, eyes wide as he scans the room for the threat. He starts to transform into full wolf, but pauses once he sees me. I can't make myself stand.

He slowly shifts back, coking his head, obviously confused. "You again? What do you want this time?" His tone is smug. I know what he's thinking. I couldn't stay away and I want another round. Well.. that might be part of it. His claws are still out though. Good thing, he should be on his guard while i'm in this state.

I shoot daggers his way, refusing to be wrapped up in his charm again. I was pissed, I needed to channel that. "Did you know?" I was interrupted by a coughing fit, curling into a ball and turning my face down into the floor. "Did you know!" I'm trying to catch my breath but it's an impossible task. My throat is on fire, burning like I swallowed sandpaper.

He's hesitant now, the smugness gone from his expression and tone. He's slightly farther from my reach now, but there's nowhere to really run in this small cabin. "Geez, calm down. Barge into my house, and start yelling at me, some of us sleep you know!" I groan with pain, but it's husky sounding like i'm losing my voice. Now he looks concerned, but doesn't make any move toward me. "Did I know what?"

I fall flat on my back again, staring up at the ceiling. He looks genuinely surprised, so I guess he has no idea. Actually he looked a little surprised to see me when I came in now that I think about it. I sigh and close my eyes. "It's your fucking blood. I can't drink from anyone. I throw up everytime I try." I make a weak attempt at a shrug. "Something is wrong with me."

"Just like a vampire," He crosses his arms over his chest. "Blame all your problems on the wolf." A few minutes pass. In that short span I was sure he'd leave me for dead. Instead he sighed loudly. "Here, if it's my blood maybe you can drink mine." My head snaps up to him walking over to me. I'm too weak to go into defensive mode. But he just uses his pointer finger to slit his wrist, then holds the fresh bleeding wound up to my mouth. "Drink."

I hesitate, but not for long. I moan as I sink my teeth into his skin. The revolting taste I was expecting didn't happen. Sweetness exploded all over my tongue, I couldn't get enough of it. The burn in my throat quickly subsides, I look up at him with desperation, not realizing how much I was taking.
