 Hmm... Not so much of a sex story as much as a love story with sexy bits and even those are hardly X rated, unless, of course, you find the whole transgender thing a turn on.

It's also very slow to build. If you're looking for a quick thrill look elsewhere.

Chapter One: The Change

Looking back it's as if it never happened. It's almost as if it were all a dream. Maybe it was a dream but, if so, I've never had a dream that felt so real. Mind you, nowadays, I'm not so certain about what's real and what's not.

But, if it was a dream, then it's a dream that's fading and, if I don't write it down now, then I just know it will get forgotten. So here goes, this is my story. Was this a dream? Was this real? When all is said and done can you tell the difference? 

Back when it started I was called Tom and, seriously, I could not have been more normal. I'd graduated from college with a so-so degree in Business Studies and, finding the job market to be harsh and unforgiving, ended up doing a dead end desk job for a company that sells office furniture. If your chairs didn't arrive on time then I was the guy you shouted at. And, yes, I had to put up with a lot of shouting. It was hardly a career but at least it paid the rent.

And rent, in those days, was a two bedroom apartment that I shared with Andy.

Andy and I had met on our first day of college and simply clicked. OK, it had started off with one of those crazy arguments over the merits, or otherwise, of Coldplay or The Arctic Monkeys, which kinda dates things but we were young and passionate about our music and, while we couldn't agree on their various merits we could agree that, somehow, it was important for us.

It wasn't long before we were going to gigs together and, after that, it was our habit to meet up in the student bar for a swift pint most evenings.

By our second year in college we decided that we should flat share. In many ways it was perfect. OK, so he was a bit of a slob and, even in those days, I liked to keep things tidy, but we pretty much liked the same things, kept the same hours and we understood each other.

When college was over we both needed to move on but when Andy told me he'd found a place in town but needed some help to pay the rent the obvious solution was for me to move in with him.

Now, I know what you're thinking but, seriously, I'm not gay, not now, not then, not ever. We were mates, good mates, but that's where it ended. There was never even the slightest hint of anything further than that. What's more we both dated. Nothing serious, nothing long term, but it was not unusual for me to find some strange woman searching the kitchen for a clean coffee mug come Saturday morning. Me, I had my fair share of conquests but nothing like as many as Andy.

I guess I might have gone on like that forever if it weren't for the day it I bought the necklace.

Andy had picked up this super cheap holiday deal; seven nights in Albufeira for next to nothing and we were having a ball. Working on our tans during the day, partying all night, pulling the chicks and having fun. One night Andy had pulled and I'd struck out which meant that I got the sofa bed and had to spend the night listening to the noises from their sexual gymnastics coming through the wall. When I woke up the next morning I'd had enough of this so I set out on my own and gave him and the bird he'd pulled some time alone in the apartment. I was wandering through the town, very much at a loose end, when I found a little backstreet market. It wasn't much, mostly food stalls but there were enough selling the usual tourist tat to keep my interest. In particular I hoped I'd find something for that gap over the fireplace. I've always loved a street market so I spent quite a while browsing and there, in a quiet corner, was the one stall that really caught my eye. 

Most of the stall was given over to that brightly painted pottery that you seem to find everywhere out there but, as well as that, they had necklaces; nothing much, just a leather thong which was threaded through a small pottery pendant. Although they were about as cheaply made as they come there was something about them, something that really spoke to me and I couldn't help but pick one up and examine it closely. 

Of course, the stall attendant, a woman bent almost double with age, honed in on this and I was suddenly at the end of her full strength sales pitch. 

"You like these? They are very good, very good price. Here, try this one."

She was so insistent she had me look at practically every necklace on the stall but none of them quite made it for me. Each was close but each had something missing, something I couldn't put my finger on.

"Still can't find the one you like? You buy for someone very special?" she gushed. "How about this one? Very pretty, very good price. To you only five euros."

Five euros for a friggin' necklace! She had to be joking. Even so I took it from her and, as I did so, our hands touched. Was there a spark that ran between us or was that my stupid fancy. Whichever, fast as a snake, she grabbed my wrist and held me tight. I gasped in surprise and tried to pull away but her grip was firm. 

"What.... what are you doing?" I spluttered.

She didn't answer but just looked at me and our eyes locked. I had the strangest feeling as if she was looking right into the depths of me and, for the life of me, I couldn't look away if I tried.

"No, this is not the one for you," she said after a while. "But this is not a problem; you have come to the right place. I have just the necklace for you. One moment."

She let go of my wrist and searched beneath the counter for a large leather pouch. This she opened up and laid flat on the counter so as to show a number of necklaces but, this time, of a far higher quality and, in particular, these were not on leather thongs but, rather, on silver chains. She sorted through until she found the one she wanted.

"Yes, this is the one. This is the one for you. Look! Look! The blue, it matches your sweetheart's eyes. If you wear this you will be his forever. Look."

She handed it over and, yes, it was a pretty blue and quite a finely worked piece unlike the rather rustic versions that I had been looking over before. The more I looked at it the more it spoke to me. It really was quite startlingly beautiful.

"You like this one?"

"Yes, yes, it's very nice but I'll tell you one thing; it doesn't match my sweetheart's eyes because I haven't got one."

"Ah, but you have., a very dear sweetheart. You just don't know it yet. You have a strange road to follow and this will help you get there. This is the necklace for you. Take it, take it!"

I looked again. It really was rather fine and, without for one moment knowing why, I knew I had to have it.

"OK, I'll take it. How much do I owe you?"

"Fifty euros. It is very pretty, yes."

"Very pretty. Thank you," and, before I knew it, I had given her a fifty euro note. She wrapped up the necklace in tissue paper and handed it over. I took it from her and, with a smile and a wave, left the market.

It was only when I got back to the room that the enormity of what I had done sunk in. Fifty bloody euros! That's a night's heavy drinking for the two of us! Had I really spent over forty quid for some cheap little necklace from a market stall? Wow, did she see me coming! All that gripping my wrist and looking deep into my eyes; that must have been some sort of hypnotism because I had fallen for it hook, line and sinker. I felt such a complete and absolute fool; the epitome of the gullible tourist. I could only imagine the extent to which Andy would take the piss if he found out so, rather than admit what I had done, I wrapped the necklace up in the tissue paper it had been sold in and slipped it into the bottom of my bag.

And there it stayed, well, until we got home where, still feeling foolish, I got it out and looked at it. What a fool I had been. Pretty as it was, it was a woman's necklace and I would never wear it. As for giving it to my 'sweetheart', well, I simply didn't have one. All that woman's nonsense had been part of her sales blag. The blue would match my sweetheart's eyes. What complete and absolute bollocks! 

On the other hand I wasn't going to just throw it away. I wrapped it back up in the tissue paper and put it in my sock draw. 

**********

And I completely forgot about it until a Sunday, several months later and with my holiday tan long faded, I was finishing off the ironing and putting away the clean laundry. Andy was slobbed out in the lounge reading the sports pages. As I folded my boxers and paired up my socks I noticed the pink tissue paper at the bottom of the draw. On a whim I fetched it out, held it up and looked at it. Whether or not it was worth the fifty euros I wouldn't like to say but it was really pretty. I went over to the mirror and held it up against me and, as I did so, a voice at the back of my head whispered 'put it on! Put it on!'

I undid the clasp, slipped it around my neck and, click, refastened it.

As soon as the clasp was fastened I felt dizzy, my head spun and I had to put my hand on the dressing table to steady myself. Even so my legs gave way beneath me and I slumped to the floor. I tried to cry out but my throat was to dry. Andy! Help! Andy! But the words wouldn't come and, anyway, he was in the other room, deep in the football reports and oblivious to what was happening. Meanwhile I was on my hands and knees, panting, trying to catch my breath, trying to calm down, trying to get past the overwhelming feeling of panic.

And then, as quickly as it had started, it was over and the panic started to subside. I was left on my hands and knees feeling... feeling... feeling not exactly wrong but very different. My head felt heavy and my chest... my whole body... my hands! What had happened to my hands? They were smaller, more delicate and my nails were long and almond shaped. I knelt up to look closer and, as I did so, I brushed my hair away from my face. My hair! What the fuck! How had my hair grown so long so fast? Confused and more than a little frightened I knelt up farther until I could see over the edge of the dressing table and there, in the mirror, a blonde female face stared back.

The face in the mirror opened its mouth and screamed and screamed and screamed. Through the unreality of it all I realised that it was me that was screaming but that didn't make it any better and I just screamed some more. I was still screaming at the mirror when the door burst open and Andy rushed in. Feeling like I had been rescued I turned to face him.

"Who.... Who the fuck are you and what have you done with Tom?"

"Andy, thank god you're here. It's me, I'm Tom."

"What? You're not Tom. You're a girl. Where is he? What have you done with him and who the bloody hell are you."

"I am Tom. Please, Andy, you have to believe me I just put on this necklace...," and then it occurred to me. I reached up behind my neck, reached under the mass of hair I found there, found the clasp of the necklace and undid it. The dizzy feeling started again and this time it was Andy who was screaming. I was too busy going through whatever it was that was happening to me to make any noise at all. For a minute or so I just crouched on the floor until, once again, the dizziness stopped.

"Tom! What the fuck! It is you! How on earth did you do that? You scared the crap out of me."

"Andy, believe me, you're not the only one around here who's scared. I had no idea that was going to happen. I have no idea how it happened. I've no idea exactly what did happen. I just put on the necklace and suddenly I'm... I'm what? I didn't really get to look but as far as I can gather I was... no, that's impossible... when I looked in the mirror... Andy, what the fuck happened?"

"You're asking me what happened. How should I know? I hear some girl screaming, burst in and there she is, screaming her head off and then it all goes wobbly and, suddenly, this girl has turned into my mate Tom. Beyond that I haven't a clue."

"So I really was a woman."

"Well, you weren't Tom Roberts, that's for certain."

"What do we do now?"

"Who's this 'we', paleface? OK, OK, joking aside, this all started when you put the necklace on and stopped when you took it off again?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"So it's all down to the necklace. Where the fuck did you get it?"

We went through to the lounge and, while he made us both coffees I told him all about the Albufeira market, the strange stall and how I bought the necklace. 

"So the long and short of it is that you bought a magic necklace from a little old lady at a street market in Albufeira. What do you think this is; a tacky internet story or something?"

"That's what happened. I'd be lying if I told you otherwise."

"And this is the first time you've worn it since we were out there?"

"It's the first time I've worn it ever."

"Well, I've got a whole bundle of questions. Firstly is the necklace going to make you change every time you put it on or was it just a one-time thing? Secondly, does it just work for you? What will happen if I try it on? Thirdly, did you really become a woman? I mean...."

"I was too busy panicking to do a complete gynaecological exam but I'm pretty sure I had tits. As for down there...."

"So why don't we kill two birds with one stone. You put the necklace on and that will show whether or not you change every time and, if you do change, then we can check out your lady bits."

"The only person checking out my lady bits will be me, thank you very much. Anyway, why don't we check out your lady bits?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, if you try putting the necklace on then we will see if it works on you and, if it does, then we can check you out for lady bits."

"You're just scared to try it again."

"Too right I am. As for you, you're just scared to try it at all."

"No I'm not. Here, pass it over."

I handed it over to him and he tried to put it on. He's such a clutz that he couldn't work the clasp so I came over, stood behind him and fastened it for him.

Nothing, nada, niente, fuck all.

"Well, that answers that question," Andy replied gleefully making a big thing of peering down the front of his jeans. "The full nine inches, all present and correct. Now, let's see if it still works for you."

"Nine inches! In your dreams, mate, in your dreams," but there was no denying that the necklace had had no effect on him whatsoever.

He could no more undo the clasp than he could do it up so, again, I had to step in and help. I unclipped it from his neck and held it in my hand. He was right. The obvious thing was for me to try it again but I was more than a little uncertain about what I was getting myself into. 

"Maybe we should leave it... try another time."

"Looks like you forgot to regrow your balls after that last change," Andy jeered. "Come on. You know you want to really."

"It's all very well for you. You haven't been through it."

"Does it hurt?"

"No...."

"So where's the problem? Anyway, it won't be as scary this time as you'll be expecting it."

"OK, but this time I'm doing it sitting down." 

I got myself comfy on the sofa and, with a sense of 'here goes nothing' put the necklace on. Immediately the dizzy feeling started and I slumped forward. I felt so dizzy I couldn't stay upright. I slipped sideways and started to fall off the sofa so Andy came over, put his arms around my shoulders and helped me down until, once again, I was on all fours. For all that, Andy was right, it was easier this time. It was still strange and disorientating but at least I sort of knew what was going on so I was in less of a panic. Even so all I could do was shut my eyes and wait for the dizziness to stop. 

When my head cleared Andy helped me to my feet and, for the first time, I could really take in what had happened to me. Firstly we had confirmed that the necklace only worked on me and, secondly, we had confirmed that it worked every time I put it on. As for the lady bits, well although I seemed to have shrunk and my clothes were hanging off me like rags there was still enough of a bulge in my sweatshirt to suggest that the weight I could feel there was not my normal shape. As for downstairs, I pulled the front of my jeans forward; I seemed to have lost a good few inches around the waist so there was quite a gap. However, all I could see was my boxer shorts. I slipped my hand down and it there was definitely something missing. Forget nine inches, I couldn't even find one.

"Come on then, let's have a look."

"Fuck off."

"But...."

"I said fuck off. The only person getting to see my lady bits is me. Now, excuse me a moment."

I gripped the front of my jeans to stop them from falling down but, even so, they were far too long and I had to sort of shuffle towards my bedroom. To Andy's annoyance, although he tried to follow me, I closed the door with him on the outside.

Once there I stood in front of the dressing table mirror and lifted up my sweatshirt. Yes, there was no doubt about it, I was now the proud possessor of a fine pair of breasts. They weren't exactly enormous but they weren't two fried eggs on an ironing board either. One thing was certain, I'd found as I shuffled towards my room that, unrestrained, they swayed about alarmingly and, for the first time in my life, I understood why women wear bras.

But above the waist was only part of the story and a pretty secondary part at that. My jeans were so loose that I didn't even need to undo them. I just needed to give my hips a little wiggle as I pushed my jeans and boxers past my hips.

I shouldn't have been surprised, let alone shocked, but even in the restricted view from the mirror I could tell that I did, indeed, have lady parts. I reached down and felt about with my fingers. So very, very different from having a prick. I mean, for a man, the prick is what it's all about; everything else is secondary. But now, although I knew I had a clitoris in there somewhere, it wasn't like that. With a prick you just grab it and start stroking; with this lot.... I tried poking about with my finger but that was simply uncomfortable and, to be blunt, I hadn't got a clue where to start.

Jesus, I'd been a woman for all of two minutes and already I'm trying to play with myself. Surely there's more to things than that.

I was broken from my reverie by a knocking on the door.

"Tom! Tom! Are you all right in there?"

"I'm fine, Andy."

"Well, if you've finished examining your lady bits then come on out. I haven't had a chance to look at you properly."

"Just coming."

But what to wear? The clothes I was wearing before the transformation were far too big. Everythign else I owned would, naturally, be the same general size. What I needed was something I could gather in. I grabbed an old track suit and, by pulling the drawstring as tight as it would go, managed to get it to stay up without being held. Furthermore, the elasticated ankles stopped it from dragging on the floor. I tried a few tee shirts but, although they came down to my knees, they were far too tight across the chest and it was far, far too easy to see that I wasn't wearing a bra. I might as well be wearing nothing. The trackie top was a bit big but, heck, it wasn't as if I was going to be seen by anyone other than Andy. I still felt rather sheepish as I made my way back out into the lounge.

"OK? Everything where it ought to be?"

"Well, I'm no expert but everything looks as it should so far."

"Tits and everything?"

"Tits and everything," I confirmed.

"Wow! I still don't believe this."

"You don't believe it? I don't believe it and I'm the one walking around with the tits and everything."

"So let's have a proper look at you. No, I don't mean it like that. I just.... It's weird having my best mate as a girl."
