 She closes her eyes and starts to think of Geoffrey, she shouldn't, he's a married man but she had to have him and now they are lovers, it has been that way for years. He is a notorious polygamist, his wife is not! To his wife's embarrassment she often hears rumours of his latest fling. Stories have reached her from as far a field as Turkey where he was on "expedition". Rumour has it that he is also bisexual which is probably why he felt so at home in Turkey. 

Lady Ritzdale hopes that he is not punching above his weight again, frolicking with Hannah the German washer woman rather than some Dukes daughter or anyone else who he could get into serious trouble with. Hannah is the best looking servant by far and Lady Ritzdale wouldn't mind playing with Hannah herself. She imagines Hannah seducing Geoffrey instead of the other way around, playing with her hair and giving him a provocative look, bending over to dust and stoking the fireplace. Knowingly placing her huge but firm round bottom in full view. 

He thinks he is clever by persuading her give him fellatio in the study, not realising that she is the one manipulating him, making sure he chooses her as his favourite servant and trusted sex slave. She plays hard to get, pretending to be reluctant while secretly she wants to be treated even more like a filthy whore. Lady Ritzdale can see through it, any woman can, especially Geoffrey's wife but its a ploy that most men seem completely blind to, ignorance is bliss.

She imagines Hannah giving his member the perfect kiss, lightly pressing her moist lips to his head as it starts to glisten with pre-emissions a tiny string attaching itself to her sweet cheery red lips like a spiders web as she touches it with the tip of her tongue making him squirm with delight in his rocking chair as he feels her hot moist breath wash over him.

Lady Ritzdale wonders if he gives Hannah the same look of glee he gives her as she takes the entire length of his hard throbbing tool deep into her hot wet mouth. Hannah's oral skills are legendary, not only can she speak four languages fluently, she can also fit an entire courgette inside her mouth! She also seems to have an endless supply of warm slippery saliva, perfect for a wet one. Hannah has a way of massaging a man's helmet with her tongue that makes them squirm and squeal uncontrollably. Lady Ritzdale has first hand experience of this as she once had the pleasure of observing it from afar.

When lady Ritzdale returns home she hopes to catch them both in the act. Then she can black mail the maid- she'll keep quiet so long as the maid gives her cunnilingus on demand. Then perhaps she might finally get to taste her sweet German muffin too. She wants her to watch as she mounts him while he is still sat down on his rocking chair, rocking back and fourth with his yardstick deep inside her moist love tunnel making her beautiful voice sing as she grinds against him and he throbs inside her and the maid watches. Not forgetting that it gets quite hot in a kitchen in a maids dress so she rarely wears underwear.

Lady Ritzdale thinks to herself...She should remove Hannah's bonnet while making love, liberate her beautiful hair. Hannah has a slight gap in her top teeth just enough to give her a girl next door charm without looking goofy, much harder to fake than a beauty spot and you know what they say about girls with a gap in their teeth! Lady Ritzdale hopes Hannah will be tempted enough to start rubbing her gem as she watches them rock back and fourth. She Gently rubs her own well polished jewel as she plans a good evenings entertainment. Then he'd probably send her away to bring them both a snack with his seed still dripping down her leg, he always gets a little peckish after coitus. For now these are only fantasies but it will be short work for a woman of such guile as Lady Ritzdale to make it happen.

It was Lady Ritzdale who hired Hannah in the first place, George's wife Mrs Lyndon had heard a rumour that the previous kitchen hand had been conquered by George already so she had to sack her or suffer another humiliating scandal. It wasn't that she slept with her husband, she had already come to terms with his promiscuity. It was that she was indiscreet about it, boasting to the other servants who are all notorious gossips making her a laughing stock in the circles of high society. Scandals are the stuff of politicians and clergy men the more civil members of society have the decency to be discrete. 

In a sense she is the perfect wife for him, she allows him to frolic and she has the comfort and security of knowing that she is married to a man who genuinely cares for her. Geoffrey married her because her family was going bankrupt, her fathers gambling debts were mounting up, she was about to get pulled out of private school and people were starting to gossip. He affectively won the beautiful seventeen year old virgin in a game of cards. At the age of eighteen be bested lord Uxbridge at a game of cards. Unable to pay Geoffrey saw his daughter start to cry so he offered to pay off her fathers debts and her extortionate school fees in return for a title which was given to him in the guise of a marriage to the girl he could no longer afford to take care of anyway. Upon his death his only child, will inherit the title ego she and her husband will become lord and lady Lyndon-Uxbridge. 



Mrs Lyndon is quite the trophy wife, young, intelligent, incredibly attractive and a true virgin. She has the most ample and perfect breasts, perky yet evidently large enough to show the slight sagging only large natural breasts can display as opposed to the new fangled saline implants. She is naturally of a coy disposition, retiring inside when the groundskeepers remove their shirts in the heat of the summer. She also has a keen aversion to body hair and Geof as been chastised many a time for watching her as she tends to her other well kept lawn. 

She has her shaving equipment and hot water already laid out on the bed almost as if she wants to give him prior warning! She starts by climbing out of a hot bath after reading a hot steamy romance novel. Next she dabs off her body with a towel, before taking Geoffrey's shaving mirror and laying on the bed on top of the wet towel. Then she spreads he legs revealing her perfectly kept love garden and places the mirror between her legs. 

Completely nuked she takes a glance around to make sure "no one is watching", she then spreads her legs in front of the mirror and with the shaving brush carefully covers her entire quim with shaving foam. Finally with the utmost delicacy and dexterity, she glides her mahogany and gold handled cut throat razor over her pubis and then very carefully over her vulva. Slowly dipping the blade into shaving bowl after every stroke then returning it to her body until there is no cream left and she is completely hairless.

The entire process takes well over an hour and she seems to get caught every day that she shaves yet she always seems only ever to catch him just as she is finishing up, gently stroking her entire pubic region to ensure that not one single hair is left behind on her perfectly smooth front bottom, the inside of her lips glistening with something other than shaving cream as she "innocently" parts her lips in full view, her face failing to blush as she so easily blushes any other time. Sometimes she even has the audacity to sample a small taste of a stray drop of her own juices with the tip of her finger.

Lady Ritzdale suspects that it is a vain attempt on Mrs Lyndon's part to seduce Geoffrey. The voyeuristic nature rather than the actual past time causing the arousal. Regardless he is oblivious to the opportunity to get his end away and has no interest in tainting such a pure and innocent beauty. Lady Ritzdale has not the heart to tell him either as she knows it will make him feel guilty. The tragedy of the story is that Geoffrey feels that Mrs Lyndon is too pure, too perfect for him to defile, like a rare porcelain doll, far too fragile and beautiful to actually play with and Mrs Lyndon remains a virgin still, other women are good for that. Other women like Hannah. 

Lady Ritzdale chose Hannah for a good reason. Hannah used to work for a coal Barron who was also the leading British arms manufacturer who went by the name of Richard Sussex. Sussex had plans for a new steam powered weapon called a teser, much like a blunderbuss fitted with four bayonets in appearance it is tethered to a backpack and fires bolts electricity instead of shot like a real blunderbuss. It was approved for a contract by the Royal navy because it allows the user to hit a target at ninety yards regardless of his marksmanship skills. The bayonet structure also doubles up as a close combat weapon. However rumour has it that due to an unsatisfactory price on the contract, he also intends to sell the plans as well as plans for a larger version to all of Britain's competitors. One which could melt through the hull of a British dreadnought.



Hannah worked for Sussex who Lady Ritzdale was assigned to spy on. Foiled by security she simply turned Hannah and got her to do the spying for her. Richard Sussex the arms manufacturer was working on a top secret weapon being built in a laboratory beneath the kitchen of his Sussex estate to hide the heat emission. Hannah simply seduced him and left the door unlocked while they fraternised. 

One night whilst giving him oral pleasure she blindfolded him with her pinny and made a print of the key to the laboratory in a bar of soap whilst she pleasured him. She managed to keep him busy long enough for all of the plans to be acquired and had the perfect alibi to avoid too deep an investigation. There was no way Lady Ritzdale could turn down a woman of such beauty, initiative and with such a skilled mouth. She often wonders if Hannah's cunnilingus skills are as good as her fellatio and of course cooking skills!

At the end of the assignment she took a photograph of the illicit couple in an incredibly compromising position and offered Hannah a job at Geoffrey's house. Not that she had a choice snce she had a picture of Hannah with a married man. It was ideal since Geoffrey took an immediate shining to her and with such oral skills Lady Ritzdale quite fancied keeping Hannah around for herself.

With her eyes still closed Lady Ritzdale starts stroking her love bud through her sodden panties imagining that its Hannah doing the rubbing for her. The warm pleasant feeling soon builds up and before long she is even wetter than before, her saturated knickers soaking her fingers in a layer of slick sticky juices. She decides to go all of the way and stands up, unhooking her dress and letting it fall to the floor, the cool air caressing her body as she slowly walks over to the bed. 

She can feel her wet lingerie tacking to her smooth shaven vulva as the air cools her knickers. She runs her hand up her slick panties and then smears it all over her velvet corset where it barley cover her breasts. She pops a finger inside the top of her corset, flicking her nipple out into the open. Then she begins to squeeze it, the hot sensation neither pain nor pleasure but a delightful mixture somewhere between the two.

She turns around and faces a huge round dresser mirror. Her sore bruised buttocks feel tender as she sits down. She unties her high heal boots and kicks them off to the corner of the room. She quickly slips her petticoat off and is left wearing nothing but a pair of stockings and suspenders with a pistol strapped over the top, a corset and of course her soaking wet knickers. She pulls them to one side and slips a finger inside, It makes a slight squelching noise as she slides it between her engorged slippery lips and inside her warm passage. 

She removes her finger and tastes her juices as she lays down on the edge of the bed and spreads her legs as far as they will go in front of the dresser mirror as if she is miss Lyndon having a shave, knees bent before she grabs a pillow and puts it beneath her head. She likes to watch herself as she masturbates, it appeals to her voyeuristic side, even if the only spectator is herself. She starts to rub herself up and down through her knickers, the damp frilly texture of her lacy underwear rough yet very slippery. Then she starts paying more specific attention to her nub, only occasionally stroking her lips, now just about visible through her tight wet panties.

After a while she removes her soaking wet knickers licking and sucking all the juices off, savouring the smell of her sweet quim. Lady Ritzdale adores the smell of a beautiful woman though she prefers tasting and smelling women other than herself, her own taste will suffice however. She puts it down to a healthy diet consisting strictly of no meat or strong flavours, lots of fruit and the occasional dessert. What ever it is men cannot get enough of it and neither can she.

She imagines how it would feel to have Hannah buried between her legs, holding her by her hair as she flicks her jewel with that talented tongue of hers while she gently tickles her own slippery gash. Before long she is so aroused that she starts to drip. Her heart has progressed form a light flutter to a heavy pounding she can feel and almost hear as she becomes more and more flustered and her cheeks begin to blush. She bites her lip trying not to moan as she polishes her gem, getting faster and faster, harder and faster a bead of sweat forming on her forehead.

The caning must have had a profound affect on her as this is the most pleasure she has ever had whilst on her own. Her usual efforts barely enough to sate her deepest needs and desires. Close to satisfaction, furiously rubbing herself, her glistening lips reflecting in the sun light as she watches her bodies reaction to the onslaught in the mirror. She takes her other hand and plunges a finger in and out of her tight little hole with a groan.

She fantasises about having a ménage a trios with Hannah licking her wet parting while Geoffrey impales her behind with his vieny, throbbing rod. Unable to contain herself, she lets out a muffled moan as she slips another finger inside. She starts to feel a little adventurous. Removing her fingers from her passage, she sucks them clean again, preparing herself for something a little more exotic. 

She gently strokes between her rose petal curtains up and down, lathering her fingers up in her sticky juices. She strokes her lips, up then down then up then down...down...down, her dripping juices lubricating her middle finger as it slips lower and lower until it finally reaches its destination. 

Her long slender finger teases her other hole for the first time. Curiously it feels good, arousing even yet different from her other erogenous zones. Then she applies light pressure to her rear entrance, with her own slippery juices as lubricant the tip of her finger slips in easily with only gentle persuasion making her gasp with a combination of shock, surprise and pleasure. She can see why Geoff is so keen and why "medical" enemas and anal dilators are so common. 

Still thrashing her nub with her other hand as droplets slowly start to drip over her finger, moistening it further still, She starts to gently ease her finger inside her anus, deeper and deeper, the thrill making her wetter still, she keeps going until her longest finger is all the way inside for the first time, it is as deep as it will go, the thrill and the sensation taking her breath away. She tries to start working her ring finger all the way in next to it but climaxes with a gush as soon as the tip of it starts to stretch her most holy of sanctums. 

As she lays there on the edge of the bed she sees her juices flow all over her hands and on to the wooden floor, the edge of the bed sheets also spattered in liquid pleasure. A tiny puddle forms on the wooden floor as she spasms and her sphincter contracts hard over her finger in unison with her pelvic floor muscles. In those precious few seconds, the collimation of her efforts she manages to create an even bigger wet patch on the floor, testament to her satisfaction.

She stops watching herself in the mirror, gazing at the ornate plastering on the ceiling as she catches her breath, her heart now pounding so hard she can feel it, even hear it over the sound of the engine room below, her ample breasts rise and fall barely contained within her exquisite whale bone corset. She says to herself. "That was almost as good as the real thing." then in the heat of the moment, as if tasting a delicious dessert for the first time, she sucks her middle finger.