 This isn't so much a sex story as a love story with sexy bits. If you're looking for hot action look elsewhere. On the other hand, if the idea of transgender body swap appeals then read on.

Oh, and this is chapter seven. If you haven't read the others then you really should.

Enjoy

*********

The next day, when I returned home from work, it did feel a little strange not bothering to change. However, I'd made up my mind. The necklace could stay locked away in its drawer. I'd had enough. Andy had said he wanted his friend Tom back and that suited me just fine. It was too complicated being Tiff. I'd be better off returning to the certainties of being Tom. 

When Andy got home I was busy working in the kitchen. He came on through and, although he must have noticed that I hadn't changed, he didn't say a thing. The atmosphere was a bit strained and awkward but nothing two old friends like Andy and Tom couldn't handle. It was better this way, easier, safer, just friends. 

Andy was washing up the dinner dishes and I was tidying away when my mobile went. I immediately saw that it was Jenny and my heart sank. Still, I had to answer it.

"Hi, Jen, it's Tom."

"Tom? What's up? Where's Tiffany?"

"It's a bit complicated. I've decided not to be Tiffany anymore."

"Why on earth not?"

"I can't explain over the phone."

"In which case you can bloody well explain it to me face to face. I'll see you... no, sod that, I'm coming over."

"Jen, stop, Jen!" but the phone was dead.

Twenty minutes later the doorbell rang. I went to answer it and there she was. I took her through to the lounge where Andy was sat watching telly.

"Hi Andy, do you mind if I take Tom off your hands for the evening."

"Be my guest. It's no skin off my nose."

"Come along Tom, let's find a pub. We've got things to discuss."

She led me down to her car and we drove round the corner to the Eagle and Child. I found a table while Jen went and got two pints of Bods from the bar. This felt wrong but I wasn't going to argue gender politics with Jen, not that night anyway.

"OK, what the fuck is going on with you and Tiffany."

"I told you, I've decided not to be Tiffany any more."

"That's bollocks and you know it. What's the problem?"

"It's complicated."

"Don't give me that 'it's complicated' nonsense. Come on, Tom, tell Auntie Jen."

"We had a row."

"And by 'we' I assume you mean that you've had a row with Andy, the guy you're so not totally besotted with. What happened?"

"We were kissing and... and... I had to stop."

"You had to stop?"

"Jen, I can't cope. I'm not sure Tom can explain this to you but he was very... male."

"Very male?"

"I could feel his... thing through his jeans."

"His thing! For heaven's sake, Tom, this isn't the playground. So, let's get this straight. Andy kissed you. Did you kiss him back?"

"Yes."

"And then he got an erection?"

"Yes."

"Did he force himself on you? Did he try and rape you?"

"Jen! Andy would never do a thing like that! I know you think he's a male chauvinist pig but that's just because you don't know him. He's not like that, really he's not!"

"OK, OK, keep your hair on. I was just making sure. So, what, you asked him to stop?"

"I pushed him away."

"And..."

"And he got all grumpy and called me a ball busting bitch."

"I bet he did. He wasn't too far off the mark, either. Please, Tom, think of what you're doing or, rather, think of what Tiff is doing. Andy loves you, really loves you. Any fool can see that. And you were all over him in the pub. Don't think I didn't see you holding hands. Poor thing. No wonder he's upset."

"So, what, I should have let him have his way?"

"I'm not saying that but the longer you keep him dangling the more you'll hurt him."

"But that's why I've stopped being Tiff. If I'm not Tiff then I'm not keeping him dangling."

"Bollocks! You've stopped being Tiff because you're scared, scared of your own feelings. You love him and you're too scared to admit it."

"Love him! I most certainly do not."

Jen just looked at me.

"But... but... if Tiffany loves him then what about Tom? I can't be Tiffany all the time, even if I wanted to. I have to be Tom to work, to drive, in front of my parents. And what if Tiff gets pregnant? How the fuck would that work? It's all too complicated."

"Excuses, excuses, excuses. You're just making up excuses because you're scared of taking the plunge."

"Do you know how big this is for me?"

"What, falling in love? That's big for everybody. What makes you think you're so special?"

"I thought you were my friend; I thought you would understand."

"Maybe I am. Maybe I do. What you mean is that I'm not letting you off the hook. You need to take a good long look in the mirror and think about what is what. Now drink up. It's time we got you back home."

We drove back to the flat and Jen insisted on coming in with me. 

"Hi Andy. I just popped in to confirm arrangements for tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?"

"Yeah, big night out at Francini's. You have booked a table, haven't you?"

"Yeah, but...."

"Patrick and I are really looking forward to it. A bit of a posh do, make it special."

"I'm not sure if...."

"Course you are. Right then, Patrick and I will see you and Tiff at seven thirty in the Blue Boar for pre-dinner drinks. Wasn't that the plan?"

"That's right, but Tiff...."

"Yeah, you and Tiff. I seem to remember this was all about celebrating her metamorphosis."

"But...."

"But me no buts. I'll see you tomorrow. Can't wait to see Tiff in that dress of hers."

And with that she was gone.

"I tried to stop her," Andy said to me looking hopeless.

"She always was unstoppable," I replied with a laugh. "Looks like we're going."

"Looks like Tiff is going," Andy corrected me. 

"Andy.... I'm...." I wanted to say that I was sorry but I couldn't find the words.

"Yeah, I'm... as well," Andy mimicked my long pause. "Now sit down and shut the fuck up. This is that new BBC3 comedy we both wanted to check out."

I flopped down on the sofa next to him but Tom, unlike Tiff, kept his distance. 

The next evening I was home from work as soon as possible. If I was going to Francini's as Tiff then I wanted to make sure I was the absolute best I could be. I went through the change and took a long hot shower taking extra care on all the little details. I spent special attention to my hair, drying it gently but thoroughly and brushing it until it flowed. 

Next up was my choice of undies. I chose a set in black lace. High leg panties and a half cup push-up bra that did wonders for my breasts. Then, with painstaking care, I put on my make-up. Plucked eyebrows to enhance the definition, just the lightest of foundation, a touch of eye shadow and a subtle lipstick. I didn't want to look the painted lady but even the prettiest girl benefits from a little touching up. I redid my nail varnish; my toes were fine but my fingers needed work. 

I could hear Andy pacing. It was nearly time to go. Still, you can't hurry perfection and that was what I was after. My finger nails seemed to take forever to dry but eventually they were ready. I stepped into the dress and, after a certain amount of gymnastics, did up the zipper. I could, of course, have asked Andy for help but I wasn't ready for him, not yet.

I slipped on my high heeled court shoes and stood in front of the mirror. Not bad, not bad at all. 'Ready, girl, it's show time!' I stepped out of my room and into the hall only to be instantly spotted by Andy.

"About bloody time too.... Wow! Tiff! You look better than ever."

"Thanks, Andy. You look pretty good yourself."

And he had made the effort. I always knew he scrubbed up well but this was the first chance I had had to appreciate it as a woman. He looked good enough to eat and, when he offered me his arm, I was proud to be walking out beside him.

A short cab ride took us to the Blue Boar where we found Jen and Patrick. They too had made the effort to look smart and the four of us looked just so. More importantly we were getting along fine. There were still some unresolved issues between Andy and myself but those were soon forgotten. 

Come eight o'clock we trotted across the road to Francini's. Andy held my arm as we crossed the road and opened the door for me when we got there. I'm not sure what Jen made of such gestures but I loved it. And then, when we got to the table, Andy held my chair for me. I felt like a million dollars. 

Good food, good company, who could ask for more. We laughed, we talked, we ate, we drank, we reminisced, we enjoyed each other's company. Andy, in particular, was just wonderful. Witty, attentive, thoughtful, caring, everything I could ask for and then so much more. 

All too soon the evening was over and we were the only ones left in the restaurant. We'd have stayed all night but Ricardo, the Maitre D', was politely but firmly easing us out of the door. Once out of the restaurant we bid a fond farewell to Jen and Patrick who were heading home in the opposite direction. However, I wasn't ready for the evening to end so, at my suggestion, we took a little walk through the park. Andy was concerned about me walking that far in heels but I had got the hang of them and it wasn't too bad. The park was perfect. The main walkways are well lit and it's serenely quiet at that time of night. There's a little bridge across the river and there we stopped, just standing side by side.

"Andy, about last night, would you really prefer it if I stayed as Tom?" I asked.

"Not really."

"But Tiffany's a ball busting bitch."

"Yeah, but she's my ball busting bitch, isn't she?"

"You know I am."

"Well, that's all right then."

And this time I kissed him. Just the lightest peck but on the lips. I could feel that I was playing with fire, that a kiss might not be enough but there, in the soft glow of the streetlights, it was perfect.

And, when he kissed me back, it was even better.

There, in the park, on a warm summer's night, while we were just as ardent, it was all a lot more gentle. Maybe it was because we both knew that we couldn't take it any further, not there, not out in the open. It meant that the passion was held back a notch and we could take our time. That didn't mean I didn't want to take it further. I was ready to stop being scared. I had a hunger, a hunger for Andy.

"I think I need you to take me home," I whispered in his ear after a while.

"I think I need that as well."

We broke from the kiss and, almost running, made our way out of the park and over to the nearest cab rank. Fortunately a taxi was waiting there and, five minutes later, we were pulling up at the flat. We'd hardly got through the door and we were in another clinch.

"It's got a zip down the back," I whispered to Andy as I felt his hands roving over my back. 

"Are you sure?"

"Never more so."

Because we weren't willing to break the clinch it was quite a struggle to get me out of my dress without letting go of each other more than was completely necessary. Meanwhile I was working at the buttons of his shirt, at the waistband of his trousers and, together, still shedding clothes, we tottered into his room. 

He was strong, he was gentle, he was insistent, he was considerate but most of all he was overwhelming. I felt small and fragile in his arms but that was fine because he treated me as the most precious thing ever. Together our bodies flowed, getting closer, closer. He felt enormous and I had a little flicker of fear but, when he approached, he was gentleness itself.

"I love you, Tiff," I could feel the tip against my flesh.

"I love you too," I pushed back, gently, just a bit. I was scared but I wanted more.

And then he took me. There is no other word for it. I opened up for him and he took me, body and soul. I couldn't help thinking of Annie's Song. Oh, he filled up my senses and then some. We moved together, our bodies as one as we climbed towards that pinnacle of pleasure. My flesh, my whole body, sang with delight as, conjoined, we could feel the explosion nearing. Yes, Andy, yes! Take me, make me yours, forever and ever and ever and...

Oh, Andy!

Everything went into overload as he flooded me with his love.

Oh, Andy!

I hung on tighter than I have ever hung on before, pulling him into me, feeling every inch, every part, every bit.

Oh Andy!

And, as it subsided, we lay there together, closer than I could ever have imagined.

I felt a tinge of regret as he slipped out of me and rolled to one side. I snuggled into his waiting arms, more replete, more satisfied than I had ever felt before. Andy looked at me and I looked back, kissed the tip of his nose and, together, we shared a giggle. It really doesn't get any better than that.

And it was so good that, as soon as we had got our breath back, we did it all again.

Oh Andy!