 The Forest was still dark, deep shadows every where, I came, flowing out of the ground mist, a doorway to reality shutting and in sparkle of gold energy I materialised. My padded feet deep in the mulch of the wet forest floor. Something had called me from my wanderings. Some cry deep within from without it had screamed for me. The mist rose around me, I sniffed the air, I could feel the dew drops form on my silver dark coat. My shackles were up, there was a deathly silence. No bird song, no scurrying sounds of the forest creatures. The light of the sun wasn't up, and my vision was restricted to the shadows all-round, shifting patterns of grey. 

I padded forward, tasting the air, baring my teeth as the feeling of fear came in the mist. Then the silence was broken by a terrified scream. I broke and ran forward, instinct telling me where to go, the trees no more than tall sentinels, shrouded in low mist and shadow sped by as I ran through the forest. The rush of adrenaline poured through me, pushing me to the limits as I raced, leaping over half broken trees and the litter of the Forest. Changing direction to find the quickest path. Through brambles, their barbs pricking me but of no consequence, no thought but to help the one that screamed. A voice I knew, but couldn't place, a heat was rising within me and I ran and ran.

I crashed through the brush into a torch lit clearing, in the centre laid out on the ground was a petite figure wrapped in torn gossamer white, around danced stick like figures, with grotesque masked faces, they were using sharp sticks to poke and torment their captive. Their play was broken as they drew more blood, the smell reaching me and without pause I was upon them. Like the cowards they were they scattered, With a few well timed snaps, my jaws breaking arm bones like the twigs they seemed to be. A few held courage and tried to use their spears, but my anger was greater and my howls made them scatter back into the forest.

As leaves floated gently down, a soft whimper came from the form, staked out on the grass. The mist cleared as I slowly padded over, the arms were scratched, thin trickles of blood ran into the grass, the blood drew me closer, the warm sweet smell was enticing, Looking down upon I brown hair wild upon the face, I knew, I just knew and as I gently used my nose to brush the hair away your delicate face, with eyes now closed was revealed to me.

My heart swelled, my hunger deepened as I gazed upon you - the one, a dream haunting a dream I knew once upon a time.

The white gossamer was thin and no more than rags upon your cut and bleeding body. You had been staked star fashion stretched out for some evil game.

I felt the saliva drip from my lips, my hunger for you was growing, the blood calling deep. My compassion won and I went to your wrist and found you tied with some strange bond. A thin silver line tied to a stake. I tried to cut through but all I received were bleeding teeth and sore gums.

I knew I couldn't free you but I could heal your wounds, maybe you knew of a way. I padded over and licked your hand, the blood rich, my tongue feeling the soft palm, the skin sweet. A small wound closed and a low sigh came from you. I slowly licked up your arm. The blood and leaves disappearing with the dirt as I carefully cleaned every part. 

When I reached your shoulder the thin shift seemed to disintegrate further, small threads hampered my progress so I tore it from you, As it flew from you it shimmered with its own light and for a moment I saw in glorious colour your fragile beauty clearly. You were pale, your skin shone creamy, your breasts, with small pink nipples seemed to rise in the cold air. Your legs smooth, your beauty quite divine. You smelt so lovely that I returned to licking you slowly once more, the blood from your throat cleared, the taste made my tongue tingle and I lapped a little harder, soft moans continued and as I came to your breast I paused eyeing the raised nipple, the soft mound delicate but there was blood and really I should give it a gentle lick. 

I knew that I shouldn't hesitate but the redness seemed to blush across your skin and a low growl rumbled deep in my throat as I watched fascinated as it grew. Your skin flushed a rosy pink. My senses shook as I realised the colour was returning. I knew the change would come soon.

I blinked as a string of saliva fell on your breast. My tongue flicked out to catch it, the tip just brushing your nipple, in slow motion it vibrated and you sighed. The sound of you - my fey lady was magic and feeling the rightness flicked out once more, slowly I circled your right nipple, taking blood away but savouring the warmth of your flesh. Around and across, your soft breasts my tongue , continued and soon I was lost in the moment of cleaning your soft warm skin, from breast to breast, I paused only when my tongue flicked across your belly and I allowed the sight of the hair between your legs catch my attention. There were pearls of blood in the hair, just beneath the raised lips of your sex seemed to rise up, swelling as I watched. A thin trickle of clear fluid seeped out, the musky smell filled my nostrils and I raised my head and howled and the change began as I allowed the call to transform me.

Like a wave over a beach my body changed and I became man shaped, hair still long, dark beard and orange red eyes golden in the rising light of the day. Naked as you I reached up as the change left and turned your head and their was a soft smile upon your lips. I whispered, " Beloved I return once more at your call"

You didn't answer but arched your face and our lips met! Like fire crackling, a burst of heat engulfed us both, Still more wolfen than man I growled my pleasure for you and nipped and bit your lower lip, my tongue returning to clean, to engulf you, to taste your completely. Down your neck, kissing you, you were still tied down but that added an edge and you urged me down. But I stopped and walked round you. I stood at your head, brushed the hair away from your face and I kissed your eyes you whimpered and I slowly kissed as made my way down your body, over your breasts once more biting, teasing the nipples with teeth and tongue. My hardness expanded and as I travelled down keeping my body above your outstretched form all you could do was respond with your lips and you did!

I felt your tongue flutter across my belly as I made for the hot centre of your pussy. Your clit was begging, the vulva raised, your lips swollen and darling you were so wet. I slowly licked across those lips, my tongue teasing them apart, finding the soft button of your clit - while your lips had found my bloated purple head of my cock, with your velvet mouth, your tongue swirled over, it was estascy as your lips pulled me into your mouth and so deep, my engorged head reaching the back of your throat and deeper still, your tongue always moving, your lips sliding up and down. You moaned and sighed your pleasure as I growled deeper as I licked your pussy open, my fingers rubbing gently up and down, dipping into the honey, then to lick them clean. You raised, and bucked upwards as I teased you, gentle than with savage hunger I changed pressure and thrust as my fingers went deeper and deeper, my tongue playing a circular tune upon your clit. The juices came faster as you eat my cock and I eat your lovely pussy.

Slowly I raised my hips, gently disarranging my cock from your mouth, I slowly licked back up your hot body and kissed you deep, our tongues swapping tastes of each other as we went wild as we bit and sucked kissing so deep I could feel our faces merging, the tingle of energy building as our passion continued to grow. 

Then with a tender kiss I withdrew and walked round, you were flushed pink, your body arching up, now sweetly cleaned. The blood was still in the taste of you and I watched as you pulled against the restraint, your eyes opened and you grinned mischievously as I knelt between your wide open legs, my cock hard, gently touching your pussy lips. I took hold of my cock and rubbed the head up and down your pussy, the head soon glistening with your juices, shining brighter as the velvet touch causing me to howl as the ache in my balls cried for release.

Pushing gently I entered you, you almost jumped, then arched your buttocks up and met my push. Into liquid fire I was engulfed, the fire coursed through my body and I cried out as I went deeper and deeper. Then holding it and then withdrawing slowly, then with a swift push I went harder and you cried out for me "Fuck me my dear Wolfen, harder!" and I gave all.

Your pussy sucked me in, with a power all its own so hungry you was, With faster and faster strokes I fucked your arse into the wet grass. You cried out and purred as we allowed the energy change once again. 

Then with a cry your restraints flashed in fire your arms springing loose and your legs suddenly closing around my waist. You gave a wild laugh at my surprise and when I looked into your eyes I knew you could have released yourself at any time. I was caught and you held on laughing with gaiety as you rolled us over and sat astride me. You shifted arching your back raising yourself as I held your hips, your pussy rose up revealing my glistening shaft, your lips were swollen and wet. and then you trust down hard, spearing yourself upon me. You rode up and down, faster and faster finding your rhythm and I reached up and sucked on your hard nipples, my hands reaching round your now sleek buttocks, so soft as my fingers slipped over the hot drenched flesh. I probed and rubbed the pucker of your arse, gently rubbing a tip of a fingers depth, using the pad of my finger as you cried out in delighted surprise, your juices made the touch easy and my hot hand slipped down and rubbed your lower lips of your pussy together and you screamed with pleasure. I closed my mouth upon yours and we rocked together as you fucked my cock and I fucked deep into your pussy.

Then to your surprise I lifted you up and turned your over, grabbing your arse and plunged my drenched cock deep into your pussy, my hands reaching round to cup your breast as I now rode you from behind. You pushed back as I thrust in harder and harder, she met each thrust and we bucked and I licked up your back then I bite deep into your neck, you threw your head back as I nuzzled my teeth deeper, breaking skin, blood flowing down your body as I roared and drank your life into me.

We were streaked in perspiration, our bodies so hot and slick we were sliding together faster and faster then you surprised me again by collapsing down pulling me out then rolling underneath and so quickly you pulled me back in. We rolled face to face lips smeared with hot blood in wild flame kisses, our bodies locked together as we made love patterns in the grass. Rolling over and over, harder and harder I could feel the surge of my hot cream rise up as I gripped tighter, kissing deeper and then in a cosmic fire exploded together in a harmony that brought flame tears running down our cheeks to melt us in a liquid wave that rushed out searing the trees then bursting apart in silver fire. Like star people that we were, our cries, our hearts climaxed and as one soared into the twilight of a new day. Once more to play where we belonged and among the heavens we shall remain.