 "Thank you, ladies." Dr. Velo didn't even look up, remaining focused on his microscope. "That should be everything for tonight. Danika, drop these off to Bailey before you leave."

Shannon watched the blonde woman move quickly to pick up the reports, avoiding the scrutinizing glare of Colonel Tallard. The Colonel didn't like this, and her hard brown eyes narrowed in a way that made Danika nervous. "Yes, doctor..."

Tallard watched Danika flee with the reports before crossing her arms. "Is there a problem doctor?"

"Not at all." Dr. Velo still didn't look up from his microscope, and Shannon shared a worried look with Jenna. "Everything is proceeding perfectly, but we cannot take any chances this close to the demonstration."

Shannon remained still, wondering just what the Colonel was going to do. Fortunately, Tallard accepted Dr. Velo's explanation before turning to leave. "Very well doctor. I trust you to have everything in order."

The doctor didn't even reply, but Tallard didn't seem to expect him to. As soon as she departed the three assistants all breathed a collective sigh of relief. After a mutual nod from Jenna, both women left their seats and joined Danika at the door. They didn't wait for Dr. Velo to acknowledge their departure; he never did. That man was all about his work, especially with this project being so close to completion.

Danika peered down the hallway, making sure no one else was around before speaking. "I'll be so glad to be home and away from this place."

"Until tomorrow, at least," Jenna teased in her thick Louisiana accent before flashing the blond a coy smirk

The mention of tomorrow made Danika uncomfortable again. "Yeah, but at least we won't have to see MCX in action."

"I was actually hoping to," Jenna admitted, playfully biting her thumb. Shannon simply smiled, wordlessly agreeing with Jenna but not willing to actually admit it. At least, not in front of Danika; her nervousness regarding the project was surprisingly bothersome.

Still, Shannon couldn't hide the disappointment from her own voice as they reached the locker room. "This is a military project, and they want to see the military applications first from themselves."

"They are welcome to do just that!" Clearly in a hurry, Danika pushed open the doors and nearly ran to her locker. Wasting no time in getting her clothes off, the blonde woman didn't seem to even notice the other two women there. Jenna didn't care, but Shannon didn't mind the view. Jenna chuckled softly as Shannon couldn't help but admire their shapely 24 year old colleague. With long blond hair carefully bundled and deep blue eyes, Danika was beautiful. With her athletic body, long legs, and firm breasts she could have any man she desired, and she knew it.

"You got something planned tonight?" Jenna teased, noting that Danika was putting on a pretty green dress that emphasized her thin figure well.

Shannon froze, wondering if this was going to be it. Did Jenna know yet?

"I have a meeting," the blond replied, just too innocently. She put on a sweet smelling perfume that made Shannon's nose itch. "It's nothing serious, but I'll be glad to be gone from here. Also gotta drop this report off to Bailey or face Tallard's wrath."

"Yeah, can't have that." Shannon carefully watched the two other women, deliberately taking her time removing her earrings. "Hey, I need to pick up a report in C-Labs for tomorrow. Care to come with?"

Danika paused before answering. "Ugh, no thanks. I hate C-Labs. Everytime I pass by Observation I get the chills. Large insects creep me out." She offered an apologetic smile. "Sorry Shannon..."

"I'll come with," Jenna offered quickly. "I have time before me and Eric are going to meet."

Again, Shannon watched for any sign that something was amiss. Danika simply smiled and nodded, not saying anything further before she left the locker room. Shannon also watched her leave with a disappointed look on her face before she stopped to admire herself for a moment in the mirror. While not as thin and athletic as Danika, Shannon was far more voluptuous. With long dark brown hair, her uniform barely contained her ample breasts and thighs.

"Have you noticed anything strange about Danika?" Jenna asked absentmindedly.

Shannon spared her a glance, wondering again just how much Jenna knew. "Like what?"

"Oh nothing much," Jenna said, giving her a friendly yet taunting look. "I just caught you checking her out is all."

"Oh," Shannon laughed, somewhat relieved. Shannon was open about her sexuality, but only Jenna seemed willing to talk with her tease her about it. Shannon didn't mind one bit, half-seriously hitting on Jenna before she started dating Eric.

Perhaps she could again? She spared a glance a Jenna, marveling at what she saw. Highlighting her naturally red hair with dark blond, Jenna was gorgeous. Her choice of clothing also made her red hair really stand out; casual light pink pants and matching hoodie over a low-cut white t-shirt. Five and a half feet tall, her body was perfectly slim in just the right places. The other places...well it was easy to see how she got the General's attention. That shirt alone showed off enough cleavage to cause wrecks on a crowded interstate!

Shannon discreetly sighed; it would be nice to press her naked body against Jenna's, but to do so would mean having to tell her the truth. That would hurt her too much, and Shannon wasn't willing to do that.

"Shall we head to C-Labs?" Jenna asked, distracting Shannon from her dark mood.

"Yeah...sure," Shannon replied as she opened the door for Jenna, who smiled in thanks. Desperate to change the subject, Shannon offered Jenna a curious look. "So how do you keep that Cajun accent without the slang? I have never heard you say y'all."

Jenna giggled at Shannon's observation, wrapping her arm around Shannon's. "Practice, darling. Practice. Jus 'cause a'girl's from da south don't mean we can't speak proper Engrish!"

Shannon laughed heartily at Jenna's exaggerated speech, enjoying her company as they worked their way to C-Labs. The laughing stopped at the door leading to Observation. Shannon took a deep breath before entering, noting Jenna did the same.

At first glance, Observation looked the same as the rest of this facility; bright bare walls devoid of warmth of personality. It was all professional, efficient, and boring. But Observation was different, with the ceiling three stories above them. A large, shatterproof window covered the entire left wall, while Shannon looked up at the extra windows to their right. She wasn't sure what was up there; the only people with access were Tallard, Velo, and Irena.

Those windows weren't exciting though, it was what was on the other side of the big glass that was. Jenna and Shannon advanced slowly into the room, feeling a perverse excitement building up within them.

Sure enough, MCX was on the other side of the glass, where it always was.

The large insect, roughly 2 meters in length, was the fruits of years' worth of labor. Its body was divided into roughly three segments (head, thorax, and abdomen) and each was designed for a specific purpose. The head, Jenna knew from observation, had tremendous visual ranges. She recalled hearing Dr. Velo mention that it could see via light, like humans do, or use infrared or movement based vision. It also had antennae to improve its senses, although it could operate without them if they got damaged. Two barbed mandibles allowed it to eat through tough substances, and Shannon winced as she recalled it devour a pig once. It wasn't pretty.

The center part, the thorax, contained the bulk of its military applications. Two holes in its 'shoulders' allowed it to 'shoot' poisoned darts at tremendous speed. Its wings were protected by an amazingly strong retractable carapace shield, the same density as the rest of the body's armor. MCX also had three sets of appendages, with the rear two sets being distinctly insect-like and used for grabbing, holding, or standing. The front pair, however, closely resembled human hands, complete with four fingers and opposing thumb. As Jenna had seen though the front arms also had a very sharp retractable blade, joked by Dr. Velo before he became melancholy as its 'Wolverine Claws'.

Sharing a smirk with Jenna, the two women slowed their walk. Shannon deliberately began to sway her hips, walking in a slightly seductive way that emphasized her curves. "Hey there, big boy..."

Jenna giggled at her behavior, imitating it herself. Both of their eyes watched the insect with humored eagerness; despite its military purposes MCX was known for more 'lewd' behavior.

Sure enough, MCX's dick emerged from the recesses of its tail, a 12 inch throbbing member. The insect continued watching them both pass by with rapt attention, which made the female workers always feel both aroused and enamored. Unlike men, the insect was open about what it wanted and it clearly wanted her. Shannon had often wondered what the insect would do if it found her on the other side of the glass. The thought made her aroused, and despite the denials she knew the others felt the same way. Only Jenna would joke back, saying that MCX was her Plan B should Eric not work out.

"I think he likes you," Shannon teased.

Jenna giggled at the thought. "Are you sure it's just me? You're the one who teases it every single day."

Shannon didn't deny it, smiling before finally reaching the C-Lab corridor. After entering her code she quickly turned around one final time. With a wink towards Jenna the busty brunette looked directly at MCX and slowly rubbed her lips at the insect. Jenna watched as the insect twitched slightly, causing them both to begin giggling as they left.

"You are so cruel Shannon!" Jenna teasingly admonished. "Tormenting the poor thing...with a body like yours."

"Like you're any better...pretending that you don't care yet always find a way to walk through Observation. I'm not even sure why MCX has a dick," Shannon wondered.

Jenna laughed from a memory. "You were the one crazy enough to ask the doctor about it. Even asking if you could get pregnant by its sperm...where ever does your mind go?"

"What I found funny was his expression! It was priceless! All he could answer was no to me. Not that you should have any problems attracting other men," Shannon responded humorously, although she quickly tensed up. She knew she fucked up, saw it in Jenna's gray eyes.

"What do you mean by that?" Jenna demanded, studying her friend carefully. Shannon bought herself some time by opening the door to storage, hoping the file would be hard to find. Unfortunately, Jenna found it instantly and handed it to her. "Shannon..."

Reluctantly, Shannon gave her a guilty look. "God, you are putting me in an awkward spot...!"

"Awkward?"

Shannon held her friend and looked at her hard. "Look, Jenna I like you but I don't understand how you can be so naïve."

"What are you talking about?" Jenna didn't pull away, but Shannon felt the chill grow within her.

The brunette shook her head softly at the redhead. "You're too smart to not see it, so you must not want to see it. Eric has been fooling around on you."

Shannon saw Jenna grow numb, confirming her fears. Jenna saw the signs, but she chose to dismiss them. But with Shannon telling her up front there was no going back.

"He couldn't...wouldn't," Jenna protested feebly, although Shannon saw that deep down she knew that it was true.

"I'm sorry," Shannon admitted with a sympathetic look. "It's been going on for at least a month now."

Denial overcame hurt as Jenna flipped out her cell phone, determined to call him and demand the truth. Instead all she could do was curse as her cell phone was blocked by the security of the facility.

"Dammit!" she screamed with frustration.

"There." Shannon pointed down the hallway towards Dr. Baker's officer. "Use one of the doctor's phones; those are landlines bypassing the security although your conversation will be recorded and listened to by Colonel Tallard."

"I don't give a fuck about Tallard!" Jenna sharply responded as she stalked towards the offices. Shannon winced; denial was being replaced with anger. "I wanna hear the truth from his own damn mouth!"

Shannon slowly shook her head, both sad at seeing Jenna like that and pissed that she had to be the one to break the news. The weight of the report drew her attention back there, and she reluctantly turned towards Observation. Jenna was going to get into trouble with Tallard, something that Shannon couldn't afford.

"If you need to talk, call me," she offered Jenna's retreating back. When Jenna didn't reply Shannon shook her head sadly. She took a deep breath, but the sterile environment did nothing to allay her remorse. "Okay..."

------------------

Jenna distantly heard Shannon's offer, but she didn't pay her any attention. Right now, she didn't want Shannon nearby. It wasn't Shannon's fault, she knew, but she was still dead-set on confronting her boyfriend. She immediately barged into Dr. Baker's officer and grabbed the phone, wasting no time in dialing Eric's number. It took him a moment to answer.

"Hey Jenna. I was just about to call you; my meeting with Dr. Velo got delayed so I'll have to cancel tonight," Eric started. Jenna's rage grew, knowing full well that Dr. Velo was not in a meeting with Eric.

"Liar!" she shouted into the phone. "Who is she?"

"What?"

"Who is she?" Jenna repeated her furious demand. Although Eric was silent she dimly heard a voice over the phone, recognizing it instantly.

"Danika!" Jenna screamed with anger. She heard Eric shush Danika before continuing.

"Hey look, I am sorry Jenna. I didn't think our relationship was going anywhere. I meant to break it off with you two months ago but we were just so busy with MCX and Dr. Velo's demands," he attempted to explain, but Jenna would have none of it.

"You've been cheating on me for two months now?" Her voice froze over, thick with cold fury. "I know that we've been busy but we've planned this night for a month now."

"Yeah I know...I'm sorry. I'll talk to you tomorrow," Eric said before abruptly hanging up. Shivering with anger Jenna tried calling him again but the phone only kept on ringing.

"Bastard!" she whispered in tearful rage. "Coward! Cheating on me for months with that bitch Danika...how could he?"

She slammed the phone back onto its holder before returning the way she came, her thoughts a storm of conflicted emotion. One part of her looked back at the past several months, searching for what she had done wrong. Was this her fault?

Other parts were angry, and that anger only grew. Eric...that bastard! The desire to patch things up quickly became overwhelmed with another desire...to even the score! Her thoughts lingered on such dark thoughts long before she was back in observation. Only the sight of MCX's face right next to the glass startled her from her rage. She leaped back away from the glass but MCX merely watched her, with his erection prominently displayed.

"What the fuck do you want?" she harshly demanded. Non-phased by her anger, MCX only stared at her. In fact, its erection seemed to grow slightly larger. Somehow, she found this funny.

"Actually I know exactly what you want," Jenna reminded herself with amusement, rubbing at her nose. There was a sweet smell here, way too much like Danika's perfume. That thought tore her amusement from her, and her expression darkened at the thought of Eric being with Danika right now. Her whole night was ruined by that asshole; she hadn't been laid in over a month because of how busy they'd been. Or thought they'd been...now that wasn't going to change.

Staring at the insect's throbbing dick brought a strange thought to her.

"What the hell am I thinking?" Jenna caught herself, yet her eyes still lingered on the large insect's dick. All of the jokes she'd shared with Shannon about MCX being her plan B returned to her. Yet now the thoughts of such were making her aroused. With a cautious look towards the camera her gray eyes turned towards the security pad. She recalled some of her earliest flings with Eric and how she was worried about being caught on camera.

"Don't worry about it baby," he had told her. "The cameras can be deactivated with a special code for two hour stints. Although this is a military project the military doesn't want everything recorded."

She remembered her first trysts with Eric inside the facility with deep anger, but she also recalled the code that he used. She could do this, if she really wanted to. Did she really want to? The look on Eric's face if he ever found out!

"Fuck it," she thought to herself. She spared a look at MCX, watching her curiously. This was insane; the insect had claws that could seriously hurt her! But it never did... "I've been inside the same room as MCX when I've had to take samples for Dr. Velo, and MCX is as compliant as a baby."

Jenna quickly departed Observation as though she were leaving before ducking back into a blind spot that Eric showed her. She quickly punched in the disable code and watched with a pleased smile as the lights on the camera stopped moving. She worked her way down the huge complex towards the entrance to MCX's residence, disabling cameras along the way until finally she stood just before the airlock to the insect's lair.

"I must be outta my mind," she rebuked herself as she entered the code disabling the cameras. To her surprise the door opened before her, leaving nothing but space between herself and the potentially deadly insect. It turned around with a seeming look of surprise, watching her intensely and sporting its enormous erection.

She entered the chamber and looked around, noting that whatever cleans this room did an immaculate job. MCX was also notoriously tidy when it wanted to be, although it never completely gave up trying to turn its chamber into an insect nest. She saw some patches in the corners that looked like something a smaller insect would build with mud and such. She had no idea how MCX acquired such materials, but no one seemed to care. So long as the view from observation and the rooms above it wasn't obstructed, Tallard and Velo didn't mind at all. When MCX seemed to realize this as well, it quickly obliged.

"I must be outta my mind," she repeated to herself, despite staring at the insect's dick with perverse longing. She finally reached up and let loose her curly red hair, shaking her head to allow it to flow around her face.

"Alright MCX...keep those claws away from me and we'll have a fun time tonight," she promised. Once more she was surprised when the insect glanced at its two hands, as though it understood. Could the insect actually understand her, she wondered?

Jenna slipped off her very light pink hoodie, watching the captivated insect with both curiosity and wariness. She smiled in satisfied relief as the insect merely observed her and kept its distance. Everything seemed to be going according to her plan (not that she really had one) until something bothered her. The insect's dick began to slowly recede into its concealed location!

"Oh no, don't you dare do that," she warned, reaching for the dick before she caught herself. "This will never work otherwise."

To her relief the insect's dick stopped receding but did not extend to its previous length. After a moment's thought Jenna smiled and reached forward again, gently folding the insect's member. It looked at her hand playing with its dick, unsure of what to make of her strange behavior. Jenna continued to fondle with it, but she wondered why its dick was not getting any longer. It wanted her before; she could tell that every time she saw it.

Perhaps it was confused? Every time she had been inside with it, she was taking samples for the doctors. Never had it misbehaved with her, even when she would prick it with a needle. When the answer came to her, Jenna had to stifle a giggle. It would be MCX's first time. It was either unsure of what to do, or unsure of her intentions.
