 Dear Readers, 

This is my first submission in quite a while. Please feel free to give positive feedback as it inspires the continuation of the story. Don't hesitate to vote, a 5 is always best!!! 

I will be resubmitting the other stories as well, with corrections and changes, so take time to read them soon. Please enjoy. 

All Characters are above the age of 18. 

************************Tipson

Prologue

It was early. The clock shouted a bright 6:30, still fifteen minutes before his alarm went off, which meant he had thirty more before he had to get up, but he knew all to well that there was no chance in falling back asleep. Reluctantly, he got out of bed, drowsily heading for the bathroom. 

After the shower, Jason looked in to the mirror, noticing tired eyes looking back at him, a beard that asked to be shaved, and flat, long, read hair. Uninteresting. He shaved as reluctantly as he had gotten out of bed, and went to the kitchen to make coffee. Something of a ritual in his 26 years was to have coffee before breakfast, then a quick and hot short cup right after. True to it, he headed for work. 

Jason never thought how things had gotten this way. Or, maybe he had once thought about it, but quickly concluded that unless he was going to do something about it there was no point, and since, at least at the moment, he was not, then he would not thing about it. Most probably he did not want to think about it, or had not to think about it, as it would surely lead to more sleeplessness. 

He headed for the firm in his old two door red Honda. He liked the car; to bad most women did not share his appreciation. Oh well. There were always his hands to help in those matters of desire. He did not feel great, and although he did not drink often, there were times he awoke feeling a hangover. He noticed that this feeling occurred the day prior to his drinking, and also the day after. He felt that today at awakening, wondering unintentionally what he would drink. 

He stepped in to the office, saying hello to Michelle, the receptionist, petite blond, about his age, with a pretty, freckled face, and straight white teeth. She had at times walked naked through his fantasies, and often was either on all fours inside her little receptionist office as he ploughed her from behind, or riding him on his cubicle chair, her small breasts being happily licked by his hungry mouth. 

Then there was Rachael, the hot, brunette manager, who was good at her job, and was certainly the desire of most of the male workers, and he would not be surprised if some of the females. He thought she was fucking the boss, but could not prove it. She exuded sex. Sex, and the clear "No," to most all that approached, except for Pete, whom, to most everyone's confusion, she was dating. She, Rachael, was even more present in his fantasies, but almost every time he jacked-off in the bathroom, unable to concentrate on work, and needing some form of release. He could always drink at lunch, but he was raised with some form of integrity. 

And then there was Misty. Oh Misty. What a name. True to it, too. He had memorized everything he could of her. How great her ass looked in jeans, or how sexy her hips swayed when she walked. And, when she wore a skirt and high heels, Jason could stare at those legs eternally, wishing that his lips could be at the place where they finally meet. The way her tits flowed as she walked was also deliciously tantalizing, and her smile could melt just about anything, him included. She was not thin-stick, but delicately shaped recalling the title of a movie he never watched, but agreed with it completely, "Real Women Have Curves." At times, he would call her with the excuse that a phone call had come in for her, and it somehow had ended on his line, most often the caller would hang up before the call was transferred, and they would chat for a few minutes, bending the company rules. Once the phone call was over he would replay the conversation, enjoying the sound of her melodious Mistyfing voice in his inner ear. 

He wanted her. And, she took all remaining fantasies. There had been many times, specially when she wore a skirt, he liked skirts, that he had visualized crawling to her unseen, sneaking in to her cubicle, under her desk, and eating her out, licking her delicious pussy, and drinking all the nectar that came out of it. Then, she would pretend to be talking on the phone, and seriously concentrating on what the other person was saying, while she really was cumming all over his mouth, moaning so quietly that only he could hear. He would then crawl back to his desk, and happily continue with his work, occasionally smelling his upper lip to get more of the scent in his nostrils. Later, going to the bathroom to relieve the tension. He was ten cubicles away and an aisle over. Man, did he want her. If only he was not so self-conscious when he walked toward the bathroom and took his eyes off the floor he may have caught her green eyes looking at him, filled with desire. 

It was time to change things. Jason had been hesitating for a while--days to be exact! Ever since he had gotten back from his vacation in Cairo had he been slightly on edge. But today, Misty looked particularly hot, with a white blouse that was almost see through, but appropriate enough for the office, breasts that beaconed him, and a skirt that nicely draped over her hips ending at the center of the knee, close-toed high heel shoes. He was sure, or he thought he was, that every time she walked, she swayed a little more, just for him. 

He could not take it. The whole day at the office he was so hard he skipped lunch to avoid embarrassment, and could not make his way to the bathroom feeling too self-conscious due to his highly aroused state, at times wondering if "The Trip" had anything to do with it. What gorgeous frustration. He had waited long enough, and it was time to find out if his discovery would bear the promised fruit. 

Jason arrived home in record time, immediately going to his bedroom, dropping his pants and falling in to bed. He wrapped his hands around his still stiff dick, moving them up and down, delighted at how Misty was riding him, him completely free to lick and suck those fantastic large tits. "Oh fuck, I'm going to fill your pussy with my cum, MMMMMisty!" Cumming hard and fast, his cum creating a puddle on his stomach.

After he recovered, and cleaned up, he double secured all doors, and closed all the blinds and curtains. You never know if the FBI was watching. He thought about bugs in the apartment, but threw caution to the wind. He took out a small book he had hidden in a compartment in his night desk. He was not sure if the compartment was that secret, but all seemed as it was and he instantly relaxed. 

Chapter 1

It was in Cairo, in one of the ruins, that he found the little book. He had been taking a tour of one of the pyramids at the time, and being familiar with what the guide was saying, decided to take a detour, and went looking around alone. He somehow managed to exit the pyramid at a different side, and right in front of him stood a small and shabby hut, at least as old as the pyramid had been. He did the only sensible thing: he walked inside. 

As soon as he stepped in, he realized that the hut was only a façade, and what was inside was a large room that seemed to have been dug in to the earth, with other rooms around it. He could make out no doors on any of the rooms. Excitement ran through him as he made his was down the steps, and entered the large room. Jason was sure he was not supposed to be there, his excitement rising. He walked around the great room first, not being sure if it was once a hall, or perhaps a jail, although he felt that it was no jail, but something else all together. Perhaps, even the Pharos private hall. 

Walking in to the last room to the left he felt shivers overcome him, as he and idea of where he was. He had seen the hieroglyphics inside the pyramids before, most often being associated with pharos, and the ones in this room where similar, but somehow, they exuded importance. Or, better yet, royalty. He wondered for a second why there was no one else here, or why this hut was not being protected, but immediately abandoned the thought when he noticed some kind of a lever close to the right, deep corner, protruding from the floor. If he were not such a nerd for pyramids, he would not have even noticed it. 

Dropping to his knees, he looked closely at it, but did not notice anything peculiar, and could not make out any inscription on it. He pulled at it, but nothing, and was unable to turn in. He got to his feet, and thinking, "what the hell!" roughly stepped on it. He stared at the corner waiting for a magic door to appear. It did not. He turned feeling dejected, and nearly had a heart attack when at about five feet in front was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, wearing the sheerest gown ever created. She had long flowing black hair, breasts proudly up right with slightly dark nipples making him salivate. Her legs were perfectly shaped, and her gorgeous toes seemed to be suspended just above the ground. Jason felt that her dark eyes were looking right in to his soul. 

Quickly he turned, looking along the wall behind him in search of a hole for a projector, or some other machine that would explain the vision, but found nothing, nor did he notice any beam of light coming from the walls. The room had also become brighter, as the small windows near the ceiling just above the ground poorly lit it before. The only thing in the room was he, the hieroglyphics, what seemed like an old bed to the right side of the room, against the wall, and this gorgeous woman. 

No matter how hard he tried, he could not help his dick from rising, and straining against his jeans. The palm of his hands were slightly sweaty, and although, he probably should have run out of the room screaming, he was not afraid. The fact that the gorgeous woman was practically naked did haze his inexperienced judgment. She spoke to him. Jason was sure that it was not English, but somehow he could understand. He tried to concentrate on the book that was held by both her hands and being presented to him, and not on the way her breasts were pressed together by her arms, nor how sensual her stomach moved as she took in breath, and those lips!

"Young one. You have been chosen to receive this book. It has been kept in secret until the right person stepped in to this chamber."

"Uh. How am I the right person?" His mind was moving as fast as possible, trying to make sense of it all.

"You were allowed to walk in to this hall, and were also allowed to find the chamber. Your human eyes found the lever. It has been centuries since the lever was pressed."

"Who was the last to press that lever?" He asked, finally getting the sense of the questions he should ask, and attempting to ignore the fact that he was talking to a gorgeous apparition that seemed as real as he was. 

"The Great Mistress Cleopatra."

"What the fuck!" he thought, and asked, "What kind of book is it?"

"It is called The Book of Carnal, young one. It was used by The Mistress, as well as the Pharos to pursue and fulfill corporal pleasure, as well as to spread a sense of incomparable satisfaction with those whom were touched by influence of the book."

"How am I the right person?" When she did not answer he realized that he had already asked this question. It was very difficult for Jason to concentrate, when all he really wanted to do was plunge his cock between those gorgeous thick lips that answered his questions. 

He stepped forward deciding that he'd better take the book, what could go wrong? He was only talking to the sexiest apparition ever to have appeared, in Cairo, in a shack behind a pyramid, apparently in a chamber, which only he had been allowed to enter, and only he in centuries had stepped on a lever. 

As soon as his left hand touched the top of the book he froze, feeling a surge of energy coursing his body, filling him with pleasure. He noticed a slight smile form on the beautiful woman's closed lips, her chiseled face glowing. Jason heard her speak, but concluded that it was directly to his head, as her lips did not move and the smile did not fade. 

"I am glad you are willing to accept this gift. The answers you seek are inside the book, as well as explanation to the powers you will receive, with and apart from the book. The first power will be given to you by me at the moment that you take this book. However, in order for you to be acquitted The book of Carnal a ritual must be completed. We must satisfy the desire of our flesh together, once that is done, the book will be yours, as well as the power."

"I get to fuck her!" He excitedly thought.

"Yes," spoke her voice inside his head. "If you wish to complete this ritual then place your right hand underneath my hands"

"And, if I don't?" he thought. Her silence answered his question. What did he have to lose? He was going to fuck this gorgeous woman, and if death was after that, then what a way to go. Death after his first orgasm inside a woman! Who cares if she is an apparition?" 

His sexually overloaded brain refused to think of any other options, and his hard dick was begging to be freed from the confines of his pants. The action proved to be more difficult that he thought however, as the surge of pleasure still ran through him, keeping his body tense, as if he was about to cum, but not being allowed. It took all his will to separate his mind from the pleasure of his body long enough to move his hand. After what seemed ages, he was able to place his hand under hers. 

The room became very bright making him shut his eyes, and the pleasure inside him intensified. At first he felt the ground shake, and suddenly he did not feel it at all. He could hear his grunts at the power of the pleasure, and could hear her moans escaping her lips. 

Opening his eyes he noticed that they were no longer in the original chamber, as the room no longer had a door, and had no ceiling, it was open directly to the light blue sky. They seemed to be suspended just over a bed that was now at the center. The book had disappeared and theirs hands were intertwined, and both were stark naked. 

His eyes traveled along her body, as the wave of pleasure was now a slight buzz facilitating his movement. As soon as their eyes met, the distance between them disappeared smashing in to each other, their kiss filled with the fire of their desire. 

Jason's hands moved around her back, cupping her firm ass, and strongly pressing her to him, his cock smashed between their abdomens. She moaned in his mouth, her hands also roaming. Their feet touched the bed, and without breaking the kiss she told him, "lay down." 

Jason reluctantly did, not wanting to stop kissing her, nor wanting to stop his hands from roaming that gorgeous body. Laying down, his eyes hungrily took in her body, stopping at those gorgeous, large breasts, longing to play with them and have them in his mouth. She got to her knees next to him, and grabbing the base of his cock asked, "is this for me?"

"Yes," he answered between a sigh. He did not anticipate how great it felt having his cock touched by another. And, that was just a touch!

"It looks tasty. May I taste?" She asked, lightly blowing on his pulsating member. 

"Yes," he sharply replied. He did not dare push her head down, but his hands certainly wanted to. 

She lowered her lips to the tip of his cock, licking the pre-cum that had escaped the slit, and ran her tongue around the head, while her hand stroked the rest of his member, and the other lightly played with his balls. 

"Oh WOW," said Jason at the feeling of the dark-haired lady giving him his first blowjob. "This is awesome. I don't think I'm going to last long!" already feeling the desire to come. She did not slow down, and instead sucked harder and deeper. In one swift motion she took all of his cock down her throat, successfully deep-throating Jason.

It was too much for him, loudly stating, "here it comes!"

She did not stop, but continued the deep sucking, fucking him with her mouth. His cum rose from deep in his balls, and he came and came down her throat, she hungrily swallowing every drop. 

"Mmmm, that was delicious," she told him, wiping her mouth. 

Jason thought it was all over, since, once he came, it usually was about 45 minutes for him to get hard again. Or, at least that's what happened when he was watching porn on his home computer. But, he looked at his hard cock in awe, noticing that it had not gone down one bit, and still stood proudly in attention, pointing at the ceiling. 

"I loved how delicious your cock felt down my throat, I cannot wait to have it in my pussy!"

"I can't wait either," Jason said breathlessly. 

She positioned herself a top him, and slowly lowered herself toward him, stopping when she felt the tip of his cock touch the dripping entrance. Jason could not remove his eyes from where the tip of his cock was touching, holding his breath in waiting for what was sure to follow. 

"Are you ready, young one?"

Jason quickly nodded assent, slowly taking in breath as she lowered herself on his cock, only stopping when his cock was completely inside her, both letting out pleased moans. He could feel her pussy tightly wrapping him, and felt how it seemed to pulsate around him. There was not a hair that was not standing on his body, and his eyes quickly moved to meet hers as she began moving up and down. 

Jason could not believe how good it felt, and why he had not done it before. But here he was, having an amazing babe riding him. His hands when to her hips, allowing his body to do what it pleased as it moved up, meeting her thrust as she sank down. Soon their tempo built and he was being hypnotized by the swaying of her ample bosom. 

Letting go of her hips, he moved up his hands to grab them, squeezing them, and pinching the nipples as she impaled herself on his cock over and again. He put one of them in his mouth, and was encouraged by the increasing of her moaning, as well as tempo of her fucking. He switched to the other breast, leaving the first one slippery with his saliva. He was getting close again, and by the sound of it she was not far behind. 

He fell back on the bed, grabbing her hips once more, and pushing up in to her in abandon, as they fucked each other to oblivion. Her moans increased, along with his grunts, while quickly bringing each other to the brink. 

"I'm going to cum!" 

"Me too. I'm going to cum in to your cunt!"

"Cum, for me, I want to feel being filled with your cum!"

Jason gave one last thrust, and froze as his seed traveled up his shaft, releasing deep in to the body of the gorgeous woman. 

"Yes!!!" Both moaned joyously, as their climax lasted to what seemed eternity. 

Then, she dropped a top him, exhausted, her ragged breathing matching his. 

"That was amazing," she said, "it's been too long."

"Any time babe," he told her, as his hands rubbed and squeezed her gorgeous butt, he's usual shyness forgotten for now. 

Their lips met once more, lazily kissing as they relished the afterglow of their passionate sex. "That was some first time!" Jason thought, as he noticed his cock still inside her, and how good it felt being there. "I wonder if I'll be able to fuck her again."

"You can fuck me any time you want to, the book will show you how," she spoke.

"But, how did you know what I was thinking?"

"I can read your mind. You will be able to do so as well. The book will show you. As you learn to use the gifts you will have less and less need for the physical book."

"You are fucking gorgeous," he told her as she pulled her into him for a searing kiss. Jason could feel his cock was hard inside her, and quickly flipping her over he began wildly pounding her pussy, as she moaned in to his mouth, and wrapped her legs around his waist. Breaking the kiss, and punctuating every syllable with a strong thrust he told her "I love your fucking pussy!" 
