 Liz couldn't quite place the time when she first heard about De-el, the myth of the wandering demi-god trying to get home. No, demi-god wasn't quite right, nor was super-human, or demon or anything really; his stories were of wander-lust, and freedom and sometimes straight-up lust. 

The myths and stories that surrounded him were at least consistent in their descriptions of him being tall, strong, and other-worldly. He was rugged, handsome and vital, full of muscles,sinews and ultimately lust. In cruder times he was depicted only half clothed, his enormous penis on display to emphasise his promiscuity, just like Mother Earth was depicted with pendulous breasts.

De-el was said to be trapped on this earth, desperate to find the conduit to his home. The stories diverge at this point whether he is heading to heaven, hell or another realm altogether and whether he gets there through portals, machinery or the ecstasy of physical pleasure. 

Like many, Liz's imagination had been captured by these myths, and in times of peace occasionally her mind had wandered to finding and helping De-el, and he often found his way home through sexual pleasure with her. 

More than once her hand had wandered to the snug seam of her jeans that lay over her twitching clit and applied the pressure she yearned for.

Liz's work was often mundane, dealing with idiots and their idiot problems. She was not really challenged by the work and on a quiet Tuesday afternoon Liz found her mind wandering more than usual and it finally settled on De-el, his need for help and, to Liz's embarrassment, his well-hung appendage. 

Unbidden, her mind brought forward the drawings and statuettes of him, his broad chest and strong thighs, and that incredible, eye-watering penis. 

She began to squirm a little on her seat in the quiet office and the delicious realisation dawned upon her that she had parked in a nearby multi story rather than the usual staff car park. It was dark and quiet in there, and it wouldn't be the first time that she had brought herself to an urgent and necessary climax in her car. Her pussy thrummed at the thought of the impending release. 

She spent what was left of the afternoon working on autopilot, her mind imagining being held in his powerful embrace, his biceps bulging as he held her, her lips at the height of his broad powerful chest, and undeniably the incredible length and girth of his thick shaft pressed ominously against her. 

Liz twisted on her chair a little, her clit fluttering a little against the snug seam of her jeans. She felt the growing need to climax, just to release the tension that was building, and her she almost ran to the car when the day was up.

As she climbed the stairs Liz felt a presence with her, although strangely not threatened by it. She looked over her shoulder as she strode up the stairwell, keen to get to the car, to keep the buzz of arousal deep in her belly, and to escape the eyes she felt devouring her. The feeling of being observed followed her to the car, and Liz was forced to walk to the headlights of the car to double check that there was no one there. 

Of course there wasn't anyone there and Liz slid into the driver's seat, deliberately forcing her snug jeans tighter onto her swollen clit. A slight mew slipped from her soft lips as the stiff fabric dug into her, and within a moment her hand had snaked between her thighs as she gripped the steering wheel tightly.

Liz closed her eyes and allowed her mind to wander as her finger pressed firmly on her jeans and began to massage her wet pussy. Inevitably, given her train of thought throughout the day her mind alighted on De-el, being held in his strong arms, kissing him passionately, his huge cock sliding into her and filling her entirely. She quickened her hand as she imagined him thrusting slowly inside her, spreading her wide and impaling her magnificently on his enormous shaft. 

By now she was panting and the much-needed climax had risen and was about to break over, her breath rapid and gentle self-stifled moans escaped her pretty lips. A millisecond before the final climatic pressure Liz opened her eyes, only to see his eyes staring straight back at her from the shadows. 

Liz's hand stopped instantly but too late, their eyes locked and her body began to shudder. His eyes look hotly at her, wide and clear, other worldly with a burning intensity, and Liz cried far louder than she would've liked as she tears her eyes away and comes hard, both hands now gripping the steering wheel as her body shudders and convulses with a powerful and relieving climax.

Liz was both mortified and abashed at so obviously climaxing as this stranger watched, and yet found the whole situation incredibly arousing, even after her long-demanded climax. Still breathing deeply, her delicious chest rising and falling rapidly, Liz finally reopened her eyes, unsure whether to hope the tall stranger was still there. Hey eyelids opened tentatively, and sure enough the stranger, with his dark fiery eyes were nowhere to be seen. 

Liz shook her head slightly, more mentally than physically and tried to reassuringly and assertively chalk up the vision to her imagination, knowing in her heart that it was no such thing. Her clit continued to butterfly as she drove home, Liz deliberately rubbing her thighs together a little as she depressed the clutch. 

The eyes still burned into her, warming her and making her hornier than she could remember. Liz realised she was driving quicker home than normal, that her hands were gripping the steering wheel firmly and that her pussy was incredibly wet. She had recently bought herself a finely shaped g-spot vibrator, but had yet found herself in the mood to use it. As she raced home, compelled by a desire she had not felt before, she knew she would be using that, the bullet and that yet she would be yearning for something else, something that only the stranger with the burning eyes could provide.

Liz came hard that night, again in the morning before breakfast, and still felt a deep yearning need by the time she pulled back into the multi-story. It was a little busier in the morning than it had been the previous afternoon, and despite herself Liz felt that maybe the increased risk level might provide her with a more powerful climax and therefore satisfy this all encompassing need she felt. 

For a second Liz closed her eyes and once again conjured up the image of De-el that had accompanied every climax in the last few days. Feeling slightly uncomfortable Liz opened her eyes, expecting to see his burning eyes locked on her out of the gloom, but instead she was met with only grey concrete darkness. For a heartbeat Liz was relieved, but her eyes traced to her rear view mirror and widened in horror to see the stranger staring straight back at her from the back seat. Liz's urge to scream was somehow stilled by his captivating gaze, and their eyes remained locked as her adrenaline dissipated, replaced and overcome by pure unadulterated lust. 

He was tall and broad, filling the back seat impressively and yet somehow comfortably. Liz couldn't help but find him incredibly handsome and mind-blowingly attractive, her heart racing and her clit twitching in need. His smile and intense eyes burnt into her, and despite her internal resistance, She moved her hand slowly to her thigh, and eventually over it towards her pussy that was crying out for attention from this stranger who was both a threat and safety itself. He smiled a slight half smile of encouragement and Liz all but melted, her heart racing and pussy convulsing in pure pleasure.

Liz's heart raced, not just out of fear but wanton desire. The butterflies in her stomach had spread to her clit too and in a brief moment of not concentrating on his incredible eyes she could've sworn she could feel it twitching wildly. She bit her lip as his eyes bore into her, commanding her to continue what she has just been thinking about. Liz blushed, even though no words had passed between them, and yet her hand began to move. 

She closed her eyes for a second and felt the stranger's glare increase in intensity, and so opened her eyes wide again. He was incredibly handsome, but more than that he had an aura that compelled Liz to offer herself to him, to gift him her climax. Two of her fingers were crushing her clit, forcefully and urgently, driving her to the brink of orgasm. 

She came hard for him, unable to wrestle her eyes off of his, nothing in her mind except the need to come for him. She moaned as the pleasurable sparks race through her body, noting her lip to stifle them as they echoed around the car. She closed her eyes and rested her head against the seat, the mists of her desire clearing a little to be replaced by a slight embarrassment. He was gone. She knew without opening her eyes that there would be a space on the back seat where he had been. Sure enough when she opened her eyes his were no longer boring into her. 

The rest of the day her muscles ached, sore from the powerful climax that had raced through her. But Liz felt a different ache too, a deeper yearning to see this manifestation of De-el again. She understood, or thought she understood, that she was imagining De-el, that her fervent brain was producing an idealised version of this enormous man to help unlock her sexuality. She certainly couldn't imagine coming for someone like that otherwise, or have imagined how much pleasure she would get from doing so. 

As work slowly ground on through the day,Liz read more and more of the sex-myths of De-el. They seem to have been around for years, and their telling had changed to reflect the times peccadilloes; from captive votive offering, to slutty self-sacrifice it was all there for De-el and his enormous cock. 

Liz's mind wandered to the cocks she had had herself, the different shapes and sizes, and wondered how it would feel to have a shaft of the alleged size of his thrusting inside her. She found herself squirming on wet knickers and chastised herself for having such a filthy mind. But still her mind wandered and it took some effort not to give up on work entirely. 

The day ground slowly to an end, and Liz walked to the car, her eyes darting around hoping and fearing to see the powerful eyes of De-el in the shadows, around a corner, in the darkness between the glare of the streetlights. Her heeled shoes rang out as she strode briskly through the floor of the car park, the coldness of the night air making her sharply aware of how soaked her knickers still were. 

Liz's heart began to beat faster as her imagination took flight, her mind racing to seeing De-el looming over her, making her his, his giant hard cock owning her. Her steps quickened and by the time she reached her car Liz was almost running, pursued by the imaginary foe. 

She sat clutching the steering wheel, panting but this time from adrenaline rather than lust. She stayed motionless there for a moment before finding the resolve to grab her phone and commit to the thing, the wonderful glorious terrible thing that had been circling in the dark recesses of her mind. 

Barely engaging with what she was doing, Liz logged onto the Love Honey site and quickly found a large, realistic dildo with good ratings and bought it, adding in some lube and hit buy with express delivery before she could change her mind. Her clit twitched with urgent excitement between her clamped legs as she drove home. Her heart continued to race with ferocious lust, need and no little embarrassment. 

The next day was the slowest of Liz's life. Utterly distracted and restless at work, and then once she had had notification that her parcel had been delivered to the garage the hours to being able to be collected slowed down even further, inching along in such a torturous way. Finally somehow she managed to get to the point where a reasonable excuse could be made and a short, fast car journey made to collect her parcel. 

Liz's need for her new toy overwhelmed her natural embarrassment of collecting even the unmarked parcels of Love Honey, and this was by no means her first. But somehow as this parcel contained something almost electrically exciting she felt her cheeks burning as it was handed over.

'Fuck' thought Liz 'this parcel is really big and heavy' and her mind raced to the contents which gave rise to fear and lust and desire and more fear. Without thinking Liz was suddenly home and in her kitchen, a glass of wine in her hand and some music on the sonos. Her house wasn't huge, but it was perfectly hers and she always felt calm safe and happy in it. 

She took her wine into the front room and stretched out on the deep sofa, smoothing down her dress enjoying the warmth of the stove on her bare legs. She took a larger than usual swig on her wine, giving herself a little Dutch courage before reaching for the package and pulling on the packing tape. The tape gave way and Liz brought out the large box, whose clear window showed off the large dildo to its full extent. 

She gulped, regretting the impulsive, necessary purchase, it's girth and length more than she had ever had before. Curious despite herself Liz tentatively opened the box and tipped out the enormous dildo. Although she felt ashamed at it, she couldn't help but feel around gazing at the thick shaft. 

Taking out the lube and setting it near her, Liz finished her wine and settled against the arm of the sofa, her mind instantly alighting on De-el, his eyes burning into hers, his broad chest and powerful thighs intimidating her. Her mind drifted to his cock, his overwhelming enormous cock and how it would dominate her tight pussy. 

Liz's hand ran over her skirt and swiftly hitched it up so her hand could run over her knickers. They were sodden from the excitement of the day and her clit zinged with pent up need. Most of all, her pussy craved to be filled, to wrap itself around the huge shaft of De-el, to feel him incredibly, unbelievably deep inside her. With one hand circling her clit she felt for the firm shaft of the dildo with the other. Her fingers could barely reach half way around its girth, soft to the touch but with an iron hardness beneath. It felt good, and Liz's fingers worked that little bit harder on her clit, forcing a moan of pleasure from her beautiful lips. 

Building up her courage she let her mind wander more, imagining the rough chin of De-el grazing her as they kissed, his bulging arms holding her tight, pinning her down, making her trapped in his lustful embrace. Lifting her hips, Liz quickly slid off her now entirely sodden knickers, the warmth of the stove feeling exquisite on her wet, smooth pussy lips. 

Although incredibly wet, Liz smeared the tip and first four or five inches of the dildo with the thick slippery lube, inevitably enjoying the feel of the cock in her hands, almost wanking it as she smoothed in the lube. Unable to wait any longer, using both her hands, Liz brought the tip of the dildo to her hungry pussy, sliding the head between her plump sensitive lips and gently into her. 

It felt amazing as she edged in the dildo, its girth stretching her more than she could ever remember a lover having done, but still it felt comfortable, natural and utterly wonderful. Liz's eyes were clamped shut, her mind's eye conjuring up De-el over her, impaling her slowly on his enormous cock. 

She was pleased with the realistic finish of the dildo, it's veined shaft feeling like it was almost throbbing in her hands as she made gentle thrusting motions, barely more than inch deep into her, each thrust just a little deeper but feeling exquisite as it penetrated her more. 

For a moment she lay there, holding the shaft inside her as she imagined his looming body dominating her, her legs spread wide and his enormous shaft owning her. Suddenly her nipples puckered as the room temperature changed, her mind filing it away as something to do with the stove, and her mind instantly returning to the cock filling her. And it was much more a cock now and not a dildo, the realistic ridges pulsed with warmth as well as a steely determination to utterly fill her pussy.

Liz daren't open her eyes, but the cock was now sliding into her seemingly without her having to move her arms, and the rhythm of it was not her own. She gripped the shaft tightly, her hand still comfortably nowhere near it's base despite her pussy feeling utterly full.

She lay there on the sofa, her legs spread wide and eyes clamped shut as the increasingly life-like cock plundered her, her wet pussy entirely at it's mercy. Each stroke took it deeper inside her, and its length made her feel its tip in her belly, far beyond where any cock had been before, Her gspot, swollen and aroused was pushed hard against by the incredible girth. 

Liz was so hot now that she began to vocalise, something she rarely did alone, encouraging and pleading to be fucked even deeper, to feel the full length of the enormous shaft within her. As she begged and pleaded she knew that a powerful climax wasn't far away, and ground a little as best she could, trying to force the shaft into her hungry pussy quicker, although not too deep too quickly for fear of pain. 

It felt mind-meltingly incredible to have something so huge inside her, somehow inescapable once she had begun to impale herself. Her hands grabbed the cushions of the sofa as the enormous length once more thrust inside her, and if her climax hadn't broken over at that point, she might have realised that she wasn't holding or controlling the hard shaft sliding into her.

She came hard, her toned pussy muscles gripping and contracting on the rock hard shaft, her pussy twitching in delight at the feeling. Again and again her back arched and a loud moan escaped her lips as wave upon wave ecstasy broke over her. She was wracked with convulsions, and as her body spasmed with pleasure the enormous shaft gradually slid from her, and is it did, the ridge of its bulging head drew further pleasure. 

Liz lay there for a while, a crumpled, sodden mess, her heart racing and clit twitching still, reluctant to move not least because she knew her knees would be unable to let her stand. Finally she made to move and sat up, opening her eyes, fully expecting the stove to be out given the temperature change earlier which she had become acclimatised to. The stove, however, was still in full flow, and in its romantic amber light, she saw her new dildo on the other end of the sofa, unused.

Liz slept well that night, her body exhausted from the tension of the day and then the enormous relief of the powerful climax, although there was in the back of her mind a nagging question about how fertile her imagination could have been, and whether there may have been another explanation for what had happened to her. However, as much as she wanted to rationalise it, she knew that she had come hard, and that didn't want to interfere with something that might give her that incredible level of pleasure again. 

She woke in the morning feeling refreshed, her shoulders somehow more relaxed, her posture better, her breasts perkier. She admired herself in the mirror after her shower, rightly pleased with the way her body looked, her hand rolling over her neck and shoulder to her rock hard nipples. 'No time for that!' She thought, wondering at her insatiable horniness at the moment. But she took care to dress in sexy, barely there black underwear, a shortish skirt and a shirt that left an extra button undone on, knowing that it would show a deliciously alluring amount of cleavage through the day. 

Perhaps as she had hoped, Liz got many admiring glances from her work colleagues, male and female, throughout the day. She resisted the urge to do that extra button up, and took care to lean forward or fold her arms with those who were ignoring her ample cleavage until they too were captivated by it.
