 Dear Readers, 

Here is the next Chapter. Sorry about the name mix-up on the previous Chapter. The name of the Bartender is Brenda, and not Rachael. 

Still looking for an editor!

All feedback is welcome! 

Until next time! 

Don't Forget To Vote!!!!

********** ©2013 Tipson. All rights reserved. 

Ch. 4

Jason drove with confidence. He remembered a sinewy road near the bar, and headed there with intentions on checking the cars ability. However, he was not experience with racing, so he pushed it as far as he thought it was safe, then again, 'safe' was pretty fast. Although, Andrew encouraged doing it with "more balls fucker!" 

The car handled remarkably well. Maybe he could teach himself how to drive like an expert with his newfound power. Perhaps. What he needed to do was to continue with the testing, and he wished to do it alone. Andrew was a great friend, but he felt that right now he would just be a distraction. 

"Alright, should I drop you off at work so you can get your car?"

"Yes, but why now? I thought we were going do some 'testing.'"

"It's gonna be boring the first few times. I can pick you up later, maybe. Besides, by then you'll sober up a bit."

"Alright, then," Andrew dejectedly gave in. "How did you get so sober?"

"I dunno."

"You don't want to tell me."

Jason did not answer, but instead headed in the direction of Andrew their work. 

"Don't get a DUI!"

"I wont," Andrew said confidently. He was 5 minutes away from work so it was not such a big deal. 

Jason drove to his place once out of the car, deciding that that was the safest place to do his testing in secret, and with minimal interruption. He did not understand why it was easier to make something appear in his mind then when he was looking directly at it, like it had been with Andrew's clothing. That was just the beginning of what he wanted to figure out. 

He entered his apartment, looked it, went to his night desk, opened his secret compartment to be sure the book was still there, went to get a glass of water, then sat on the couch, coffee in front. He wanted to start with something easy so he closed his eyes, and materialized a brown No. 2 pencil. "Ok. That was not so difficult," but when he looked at the side that was touching the coffee table, it was incomplete. He decided that he needed to visualize the pencil on 3D. Okay. But, first he wanted to make it disappear. He closed his eyes, and willed that to take place, and opened them, but nothing. Then he looked at it, and attempted it again, putting his energy on making it disappear. He was encouraged when he was able to do it, the pencil completely gone, but felt strong vertigo immediately after completion, causing him to lean back on the couch. 

"Maybe I am starting to fast. How about something else?"

He looked at his curtains and decided to add a pattern of a sun to one, and a pattern of a moon to the other, the added the word "tomorrow" to them. That worked, with his eyes open, and it was not so draining. Then, Jason decided to see if he could make the dishes on his dinning table invisible. He concentrated on that, and realized as well that it was not as difficult as what he had done with the pencil, and did not leave him as drained. It still took time to accomplish, but he figured it would get faster with practice. 

He looked back at the curtains and notice the words had faded, and deciding to wait he observed what happened. He noticed that after about thirty minutes the sun and moon had complete faded, and the dishes were becoming visible again. Ok. So, this is temporary. I got lucky with the sign at the bar then! How did I manage to get her to cum her office, though? That must be easier. Clearly! I'll have to test that with Andrew when I pick him up. Or, with Misty. No, I know I'll win the bet, and that will be much more fun. 

He looked at the coffee table, and the pencil was nowhere in sight. Good! So he could reverse the effect of his creation. 

"There has to be a way to make the effects last longer than roughly thirty minutes, though! Maybe I should read the book again, or?" He stopped in front of his bed. He wondered what the name of the lady was that had given him his first quasy-lesson. A name appeared in his mind, "Miranda." He spoke, "Mistress Miranda, I need your guidance." Nothing. He took the book out of its hiding place, and repeated the words. There was a flash of light blinding him. When he was able to readjust, she was floating in the middle of the bed, in a sheer white gown, looking as beautiful as ever. 

"Yes, young one, what may I do for you?"

Sex came immediately into his mind, as just looking at her made his blood boil. It did not help that it was evident that underneath the shear with nightgown, she wore a full-body fishnet stocking that wrapped nicely around her, and nothing else. He made a mental note to bring something similar for Misty tonight. He knew she would look delicious, at the very least, with such garments on her. 

"Young one? 

Jason realized he was staring, and clearly heard the amusement in her voice. Centering his mind on his purpose for calling her, he asked, "I wished to know how to extend the time of my modifications. Why do they only last around 30 minutes?"

"First, because you are not truly focusing yourself. You must practice more to get that power to become stronger, and your concentration must remain on the action, or the appeared item for it to last. If it is multiple things, then, part of your attention must remain on them. Once you skillful, you will focus on them automatically."

He was surprised when she disappeared, but loudly gulped when she reappeared, as now she was standing in front of him, her breasts just touching his covered chest. He could feel the heat radiating from her body. With dry mouth he asked, "And second?" 

"If the modifications are charged by sexual energy, or for the purpose of lustful pleasure they will last for a longer period, usually indeterminately so, until you decide to change it, as you did in the bar."

"Wh-why can't-t I disintegrate, um, items that are not created by me," Jason stuttered, feeling her hands going around his neck, and slowly pulling him toward her, as if going for a kiss.

"Because you have not become proficient enough in the power you now have. Only when you have shown you are proficient in this power, will you be able to evolve and learn the others," and Miranda brought his lips to him.

Jason's mind drew a blank as the searing kiss made him vibrate from top to bottom. He wrapped his hands around her waist, pulling her against him, enjoying her soft lips, invading tongue, and the silky material she wore. 

"Do you want me, Jason?"

"Y-yes-s."

"Do I make you nervous, Jason?"

"Y-yes-s."

"Say 'yes Mistress Miranda.'"

"Yes, Mistress Miranda."

"What would you like?"

Jason blushed intensely. He knew exactly what he wanted, but he could not express it, not that it made much sense as they already had fucked each other silly before, and he was quite sure she was the one that had wrapped her mouth around him earlier that morning. 

"Um..."

"Tell me, young one. Be brave."

"I want your breasts to be exposed."

"So, do it, expose them."

Jason moved his hands, but she stopped him with the lift of a finger. 

"Do so without touching me."

Jason nodded his understanding, and took a step back, attempting to concentrate. She really did make is blood boil, and she was so beautiful that he could easily just stare at her all day, without doing anything, but he wanted to improve.

He looked at her gown, and concentrated on making the floating layer of cloth, which did a poor job at covering her breasts, disappear. He did not want the whole front to disappear, but just the section between her neck, and the bottom of her breasts, and the sides, leaving a thin layer at the top. He was surprised how easy it was, and then he went for the fishnet section, making it disappear, but leaving one of the holes of the net around each breast, the white string framing each nicely. The effect was quite hot. 

She looked so sensual, and now completely sexual. Jason gained confidence, and, with a speed that surprised even him, attacked her breasts, attaching his mouth to one of her large pink nipples. He was in heaven, as he enjoyed their fleshy, soft quality. Once he was done with the left nipple, he paid the same attention to the right one, but not before sticking his head in between, and thoroughly enjoying being surrounded by her wonderful breast. 

It felt nice the way she ran her fingers through his hair as he suckled, his hands roaming her back, ending on her round ass, kneading it greedily. He pushed her back, toward the bed, then lifting her, he threw her back, having her land in the middle of the soft covers, then scrabbled up to attach himself to her breasts again. 

She smiled at his eagerness, taking great pleasure in his attentions, and said, "I want you to look around, and fill this room with patterns and words, to make all the furniture in this room disappear, and to disintegrate the light fixture, replacing it with a nice looking, small chandelier of silver." 

Jason reluctantly relented his suckling to lift his head and concentrate again. He concentrated. 

"Stop. I want all of it at the same time, Jason. Then I want you to fuck me. If you cannot achieve this, I will disappear, and come back when you are better practiced."

Jason was surprised. It had not been too difficult to add the patterns to his curtains and make the dishes disappear, but that did not mean it had been easy. It was still difficult, but more like a lesser boss. Now he felt he was facing the boss of the first level, and he had to win, because he really wanted to bury his prick in her moist depths, and see those breasts sway with his thrusts. He closed his eyes. 

"With your eyes open."

"But, it is much more difficult then."

"Indeed, young one. But, it is the only way it is complete, and much more powerful. Eventually you will be able to do the same with your eyes closed, but not now."

He remembered she had said that it was stronger when focused on sexual energy, or for a sexual purpose, so he thought it would be cool to fuck her, on an invisible bed, and have all sorts of positions spread on the curtain, and words of desire on the walls, and ceiling, and he figured he'd might as well create a chandelier with three figures: Two women being please by one men at the same time, while kissing each other. Soon, he wanted to see it. He took a deep breath, concentration all his attention on the action, fixing his eyes on a spot on the head of the bed; he looked inside and visualized how the room would look once it was done. He felt a heat concentrating with-in him and beginning to spread, growing with intensity as the image became stronger, and clearer. 

His body tensed up at the intensity of the heat, and he began to sweat, as he formed the image in his inner mind. When the feeling became almost too much to take, he released his tension, and with it the energy that had accumulated in his body. 

There was a similar flash as the one that had occurred when Miranda appeared, and suddenly they were laying on an invisible bed, the night desks and lamps were gone, the curtain, had pictures that seemed to come from Kama Sutra, to say the least, words as 'lust,' 'sex,' 'cum,' 'penetration,' 'devotion' and others covered the walls and ceiling, and the chandelier was marvelous. 

He felt dizzy, and a bit exhausted, but as his eyes caught sight of his work, he smiled. He moved to the side of her to be able to examine all properly. 

"Good job, young one."

"Thank you."

"All others before you, with the exception of The Mistress, failed this test."

Jason was surprised, and almost glowed with pride at her words. 

"Then again, The Mistress made a whole pyramid disappear while she fucked the pharaoh on thin air, and made the Sphinx masturbate," she recalled merrily. "And now, for your reward." She snapped a finger and he was butt naked, and laying a top. She still wore her clothes, he breasts still exposed in the manner he had wanted them, but the gown was split at the bottom and laying on the sides of her legs, the area around her pussy was no longer covered by the fishnet, if it had been covered at all.

"I'm thirsty Mistress Miranda," he said, and moved down on the bed, lowering his mouth to her wet snatch. 

Her taste was delicious. He did not have a chance taste her the last time they were together, and so he was curiously exploring with his tongue, licking hear and there, causing delightful moans to escape Miranda's lips. He did not have much experience either, so he allowed himself to be guided purely by Miranda's reactions. 

He did not know how long he had been between her legs, licking and swallowing all he could, before she finally erupted. It was another moment of pride, as the orgasm seemed to last quite a while, and he didn't stop attacking her sensitive knob. 

Jason lifted himself, positioning himself for penetration, his chest just over her heaving breasts. He decided to wait for Miranda's eyes to focus before he began, and took the time to take in the beauty of her, and how her skin seemed to glow with the pleasure she had just received. 

Wishing to go slow, and enjoy the moment Jason entered her slowly, but Miranda had other ideas. He wrapped her legs around him, and pulled him in, Jason sinking balls deep into her juicy pussy, both moaning simultaneously at the delightful sensation. 

"Fuck me Jason, claim your reward."

Jason did. He lifted himself higher, and placing one of her legs over his shoulder, he proceeded to pound her with fast, strong strokes. The erratic movements of her breasts hypnotized him, and the moans that escaped Miranda's mouth were music to his ears, and well as encouragement. The clenching of her pussy around his cock felt sensational, and he could feel the bouncing of his balls on her ass. 

Miranda pulled him in for another kiss, and they tongue-battled without losing pace of their rutting. Time flew, and eventually Jason had both of Miranda's legs on her shoulders, and kneeling up straight, so Miranda's ass was lifted from the bed, and her breasts rocking even more so with this different position. She had gone through a number of small orgasms, but was soon reaching the big one, and she became vocal about it. 

"Oh yes Jason. Fuck me like that. Harder. I'm going to come all over you strong cock, so keep it up."

Jason was having difficulty, because he was there as well, and did not want to come before her. He willed himself to control his orgasm, but did not slow down one bit. 

"Yes! Y-yyyyeessss!" Cried Miranda, and close behind was Jason's exclamation. 

"Ahhh!" He unleash rope after rope of cum inside Miranda, finally collapsing a top of her, both attempting to catch their ragged breath. 

Jason realized the sun had set, and came to the surprised conclusion that they had fucked for about 3 hours. He flopped to the side of her, with eyes closed, caressing her soft breasts, and occasionally going to her fishnet-covered stomach. 

"Open you eyes young one."

He did, and was once against surprise that all the words on the wall were still there, as well as the pattern on the curtains, and, when he looked around, confirmed that all the furniture was still invisible, and the chandelier looked even better now than before. 

"The room will stay like this for a few more days if you wish it, or may even stay like that indefinitely, until you change it. When your power is charged by a form of sexual energy it is always more powerful. It also increases in power the more you use it, so keep that in mind."

"Thank you for the lesson, Mistress Miranda."

"Anytime young one. Don't forget I am available for you whenever you want."

"I wont Mistress Miranda."

"Ok. I will let you be so you can get ready for your date with Misty."

Jason was surprised, "how did you..."

"I can read your mind, remember? We will try this lesson next time. Practice some so I don't have to start from the beginning, and instead can help you improve."

"Yes Mistress."

"Good," and poof, she was gone. 

Jason got out of bed, and headed to the bathroom to wash off the sweat, and the juices that clung to his deflated penis. While in the shower he decided that he needed to move. He wanted a bigger place, with a better shower, maybe a Jacuzzi tub. Yes, the furniture was much better, but the size was no longer appropriate. He figured he was going to search, and check what the deal was with his money. He had spent lots recently, on drinks, and his card was not declined. 

After the shower he went back to room to dress, and did a double take as he noticed his bed missing. He remembered he had made it invisible. "Fuck that's weird!" Selecting black slacks, black blazer, and red and white stripped shirt, he threw these on the bed, and still half expected them to fall to the floor. He could not contain a chuckle, as they just seemed to be suspended in thin air. He got underwear, but, deciding to go commando, placed it back, and got his socks instead. Jason decided to leave the room how it was, and see how long the enchantment lasted. 

Dressed he went to his computer, and logged in to his bank account, and nearly fainted as the saw it close to being 7 figures. "What the fuck!" He half expected the police, or FBI, or whomever may be in charge of this to slam in to his apartment, arresting him for theft, or something of the nature. Then he logged on to his credit card, seeing a limit of 100 thousand. 

"Okay. So, I guess we are going to dinner first then, and maybe shopping. Fuck it then. I'm going to buy a loft tomorrow!"

Jason took his cell phone and called Misty.

"Hello."

"Hey Misty, it's Jason."

"Oh, hello stranger."

"So, did I win?"

"Um..."

"No cheating."

"Fine. You won."

"Good. Give me a second." Jason thought of how great Misty would look in the gown Miranda was wearing, and how he could fuck her silly in that, and then he imagined the front of Misty's door, and two boxes with clothes and shoes in them. He assured that he imagined them complete, front and back, and decided to trust himself.

"Okay. Go to your front door, put on what is in the boxes that are on the floor, and only that. I hope you didn't eat, as we are going out to dinner."

"Oh. Okay."

"See you soon. I'll be there in thirty."

"See you soon."

Jason dumped the cell phone in his pocket, got his car keys, and headed out the door whistling. Once in the car, he set it on drive, and drove away, still surprised at how great the car was, and how comfortable it felt. Wondering if he could modify it further, he started to concentrate, but decided against it, since as it was now it was perfect, and he needed to learn more anyway. Not to kill himself if he made a mistake in the alteration. 

Wanting to bring Misty a gift, he pulled over, and imagined a bracelet and necklace, but once again decided against it, because since he could not really denote a sexual purpose he didn't want them to disappear, or anything embarrassing like that. Then he thought, I got the money, might as well buy them! 

Jason headed to a well know jewelry store in the center of town that was usually frequented by the upper class. He had seen it, but had never entered. He parked valley, and took out the first bill that was in his wallet giving it to the man. It was a $100 bill, and from what it seemed, there was plenty more where that came from. The valley was very happy, promising that he would take good care of the car, and opened the door for him when he entered the Jewelry shop. 

He headed for the rubies and picked out a Pigeon Blood ruby bracelet, a necklace of the same, and then bought a watch with the same rubies for him, and an index-finger ring as well. 
