 I forced my face deeper into my wife's thigh as I plunge my tongue as far as I can in her pussy. I'm starting to learn the technique of how to breathe with my mouth in between intervals of lapping up her juices. And I did not panic when her hand unconsciously held my hair tightly as she held me in place while she started to build up for another orgasm.

I used my left hand to manipulate the node in her pussy, just as she thought me, while I continue to force my tongue between her walls. My other hand reach out and grabbed one of her tits and knead it as best as I could. It was an awkward position, but I was able to manage it. 

I cringed when the damn buttplug behind me started to vibrate once more, but I did not dare stop what I was doing. Instead, I increase my pace. My wife's ragged breathing tells me that she is near her goal. And so for the next six more minutes I did my duty and gave my wife the best blowjob I can give her until her legs nearly squeezed my head like a melon. She gasped as she attained her orgasm. It was a small one compared to the last few earthquakes she received, but she finished and so enjoyed it nevertheless.

She inspected me and smirked to see my drenched face with her juices. "That was great, babe," she said weakly, still catching her breath. "Your blowjob is getting better and better. Several more sessions and you'll be a real pro. I'll have my very own personal whore."

I frowned at her but did not say anything. Like the rest of the day, I have mixed feelings about this entire affair. I mean I'm glad that I can get my wife off and make her enjoy sex even more, but I don't want her to think I'm a slut or anything. She might not respect me anymore.

"Can... can I clean up now?" I asked her, still a bit miffed. 

"Sure, grab a towel from the bathroom but come back immediately."

I stood up gingerly and waited for her. I blushed when she ignored me and started downloading the new recording from her flying drones around us. When she noticed me, she raised an eyebrow. "What?"

"Are you not taking this... thing out inside me?" I said, indicating the buttplug up my ass. Even now the device is still vibrating. 

She laughed. "No, hon," she said to my surprise. "You need to get used to that buttplug up in your ass. I will want you to wear that very often, so its best to practice walking with that still inside you." 

I look at her in frustrated irritation, but the look in her face told me that no amount of persuasion would force her to do what she already decided. When I did not do anything immediately, she responded by merely grabbing the remote and up the speed a notch. I reddened even more as I tried to control my body from convulsing. It took me another minute or two before I can regain my composure.

Without another word, I turned but gasped once more when she smacked me right in my ass, and I have to hurry along. I went to the bathroom and grabbed a towel. I cringed again when I noticed my beautiful face covered in female cum. I immediately rinsed it away with water and then delicately dabbed at my face with the towel. Even now that I am technically clean, I feel somehow diminished. I... I don't know exactly what, but somehow, something had changed in me,

"Hey sweetheart, grabbed me a beer will ya?"

I sighed and walked toward the mini fridge. I turned and noticed that my wife is looking at me. Not only that but one of the mini drones is actually following me and hovering several inches behind me. Instinctively, I know what she expected of me, and I bent low over the fridge and gave the drone a great view of my ass. I still wore my white t-back thong briefs, and I can feel it hitched up even more. The fabric is the only thing holding the buttplug inside me, and consequently, my new position made it go deeper. I closed my eyes inside the fridge and concentrated even more to ignore the damn thing and what's it doing to me.

I grabbed the beer and walked towards my wife who is sitting there next to her laptop and admiring my body as I came to her. I still wore my nighties and my t-back thong bikini briefs and my 6-inch stiletto heels that she demanded I wore while I blow her. 

I gave her the beer she wanted but she set it aside on her desk then she gestured for me to sit on her lap. I silently sighed before doing her bidding. When I am in her lap, she started lightly kissing the side of my ribs. Then her lips went up, and she started sucking on my nipples.

She tenderly pulled out my dick out of its confinement and just watched it twitch for a long moment. It is as if she cannot believe still that she owns such a beautiful thing. "Is it still tender?" she asked.

I slowly nodded. I watched her as she placed two of her fingers in her pussy and used the juice in her fingers to rub my dick up and down. My face burned a bit as I felt my manhood grow so quickly in her ministration.

"I want you to do your thing again and smile for camera 1," she said.

I sighed once more and squirmed on her knees, as she continued to kiss me everywhere. I surreptitiously turned to the wall clock in the room. It is already 5 am in the morning. A few more minutes and the sun will peek out from the horizon.

That means we've been at it for the last 4 hours now. Ever since she woke me up at 1 in the morning with a quick fuck, we've been having sex, then blowjobs, then more erotic pictures, then back to sex and blowjobs again for the last few hours now. Cassandra, my wife, is utterly insatiable.

At least, I think that my wife was just over-eager about it. During the last two months of our whirlwind courtship, Cassandra was a total lady and waited patiently. She did not make the usual things girlfriends do and get a quick feel by cupping either my dick or ass. But now that I am officially her husband and belong to her, I could easily understand why she wanted to take me again and again during our first night. Its like he needed to mark his territory. That being said, I hope she goes to bed soon because I don't think my dick can receive a few more of her attention. 

During one of our sexual marathon, she forced me to lay on my stomach and then by bending and tugging, she is able to bend my dick behind me with almost 3 inches protruding from my butt. There, her pussy is able to attach to my dick and she started to pump me from behind.

Another position she likes is me laying down on my back at the edge of the bed and my legs are over her shoulder and my dick protruding behind my ass. She held my legs in place as she slammed my exposed dick. I don't like it much because my balls are too vulnerable and it hurts a lot.

My "thing" that my wife is talking about is placing a v-sign just across my eye as I stuck my tongue like a naughty boy while the hovering camera from the drone takes lots of pictures of me. This is the favorite pose that photos are taken in facebook nowadays, supposedly to show cuteness. I actually have a few photos like this when I was in high school with my friends.

Again I gave the same pose as the drones fired away, but the difference is that now I wore practically nothing while I sat in my wife's knees and she is holding my dick for all to see. The high-resolution camera will not fail to see my still bruised and bloodied dick in the picture, blatantly indicating that I just got fucked and lost my virginity.

The fact that my wife wants me to wear my bridal vale, the stiletto heels, and my nighties, while she smugly held my dick in her hands symbolizes rather obviously how lucky he is to own such a beauty like me. 

By now, we have hundreds if not thousands of pictures of me in various poses and angles, some alone, some with my husband possessively holding me. Some even show us in the act, during and after. Pictures of me covered in my wife's cum are the images I hated the most. Of course, worrying about the pictures is a somewhat mute point by now since she also has several hours of our sex video recordings. 

I know this because she keeps playing our video while I gave her head and the sound of her grunting and my moan of pain reverberated in our room. God, I really hope the hotel staff is far away from our room. The thought of them listening as I get fucked by my wife is mortifying.

I was mildly jarred from my musing when my wife suddenly indicated for me to stand up and forced me to bend in the nearby desk. She pulled my thongs down and nonchalantly pulled out my buttplug with a splotched. I almost yelped when the thing left my insides. She amusedly observed my gaping hole for a minute and two before raising my underwear back to place. I straightened up and adjusted myself.

She then led me to bed. We spooned together as she held me in her arms with one hand lazily grabbing my dick as if she is scared that the thing will somehow vanish from her. Within moments, she is snoring, and before I too fell into a slumber, I noticed that the drones finally powered down as well.

We woke up just after 9 am, and my wife ordered us a late breakfast. I hid in the bathroom when room service arrived. The hotel staff and my wife did small talk, and she gave her a big tip before ushering her out of the room. I know we are husband and wife now, but even so, it felt mortifying to see another woman leer at you, knowing that she knows that you just got freshly fucked by your owner.

While eating breakfast, I also received my marching orders from my wife. 

"Once we get home, I'll give you my credit card, and you can shop for more clothes. A few shorts and sexy skirts, some tank tops, and a few dresses. Get the conservative ones."

I raised an eyebrow at her playfully as I attack my salad.

"If you go out in public, I don't like my husband being ogled by every Jane and Lydia in the streets. And conservative clothes should hopefully stop the assholes who make a pass at you."

"And the skirts," I prodded? 

Now it's her turn to smile. "Well, when you are at home, I want to enjoy looking at my husband's legs as well as everything else."

I rolled my eyes. 

"That said, I want you to buy a few more of those sexy nighties I bought you. From now on, you wear that every night. I love fucking you in those."

A lowered my eyes and kept silent as she laughed at her own words. "By the way, how far are you in college again?" she asked, changing the subject.

I shrugged. "I'll be a junior next semester."

She nodded. "Your mom transferred your grades and paper to me. I'll be the one paying for your tuition from now on, so you better keep your grades up."

I mumbled my agreement. I never really have any problem with my grades. It was just that it was always humiliating to ask for an extension for the payment every semester because of the lack of funds. With my wife's job as department head of human resources in Boogle.com, I hope this will never happen again. I am even lucky that my wife lets me finish my college. It is one of my mother's stipulation before she agreed to allow me to marry her.

It is not that common for men to finish college these days since many jobs are not available to them since we are deemed too clumsy and oafish because of our height. The military considers us too slow and an easy target, while engineers and other scientists find our big hands are not delicate enough to deal with complicated wirings and devices and lab works. Most field works are also closed to men since we are the stereotype "high maintenance." We needed more food to eat because of our sizes and masculine products like pads. Therefore, companies needed more supplies to bring in for the same amount of people. And of course, manual works are also a big nono since our expose organ are deemed too delicate and can easily be injured.

That is why mostly it is the entertainment industry that accepts us since we are considered to be the better half and the more aesthetic ones. So we act and sing, and dance and model everything under the sun. And those services typically don't need a bachelor's degree. 

That is why in my high school batch, you can count in one hand the boys that went to college while more than 2/3rds of the girls continue with their higher education.

At least now, I believe the number of professors who leered at me and insinuate a better grade if I am grateful to them should slow down, now that I am married and is a property of another woman.

"Also I want you to buy a dress for me. A sexy black one. The corporate party is just next month, and I want to show off my husband to all those bastards sneering at me," Cassandra continued.

I lowered my head and meekly said, "yes." I don't know why but being paraded around to be ogled by women makes me uncomfortable, despite knowing that this will increase my wife's face in the corporate ladder. As always you are just selfish, victor, I admonished myself.

I noticed my wife staring at me. "Isn't that your second toast already?" she asked pointedly.

I look at the toast I am about to put in my mouth and lowered it. "I'm sorry," I mumbled again.

"You have to watch your figure sweety," Cassandra said with a laugh. "I don't like being married to a whale. I might divorce you if that happens." I knew that my wife is just joking, but things like this sometimes always have a grain of truth in them, so reluctantly, despite still being a bit hungry, I placed the hot toast in my plate and drank my water instead.

"Speaking of figures, I want you to buy a few spandex shorts as well. I'm gonna enroll you in our corporate gym, and you can do exercises daily. This will help you not get bored in the day and still keep you fuckable for me at night. hehe."

I smiled at her weakly to commiserate with her laughter. "Oh and sweetheart, give me your measurements first before we get home. I'm buying a few things in the net as well."

"On the internet?" I asked dumbfoundedly.

"Yes," she leered. "I'm planning to buy you a schoolboy uniform and a few handcuffs as well. We will have a few roleplaying games activities soon. God, I can't wait to dress you up."

I blushed again and lowered my head before nodding to her. What is wrong with me? Is it so wrong for my wife to enjoy her husband?

"After breakfast, we will go out and visit the nearby beach. I want you to wear the red bikini I bought for you and a hat. I can't wait to show you off! Oh, I also need to prep my drones, I want a lot of picture of you on the beach."

I kept the smile in my face, despite the red blush in my cheeks. She leaned over and kissed me in the mouth. Her callous hands are rubbing my bare legs with enjoyment. "Of course, darling," I said to her. "Whatever you want."

She too smiled hungrily. She raised me to my feet and hugged me while she kisses my collar bones. Standing up, that is as far as she can reach my height but it did not perturb her. In fact, she was in a perfect height to enjoy grabbing my ass and feeling the bulged in my front.

"Come on then," she whispered to me. "Let us go to the bathroom first and continue our discussion in the shower."