 Dear Readers,

I apologize for the delay of this chapter, but life got in the way. I will attempt to put up a chapter a week from now on. The next chapter should be up by the 11th of May, (2013) as long as there are no delays in the uploading.

Also, I am looking for a reliable editor so if you thing you go the chops send me a line.

ALL feedback is welcome, as I read all of it.

Don't forget to vote, and enjoy.

-Tipson

© 2013 Tipson. All rights reserved.

*

Jason was running fast, heading toward a window. He didn't have to hurry, but did not want to miss a thing. He knew that what he was going to see was something not to be forgotten, and the dogs that occasionally barked at his passing instinctively increased his pace.

The window was high, and he had to stand on the balls of his feet in order to look through it. He wished he had a box to stand on, and he quickly looked around. It was already starting, "damn it!" Next to the wall, a few feet away, laid a large concrete block, the type usually used for construction. He thanked his lucky starts; grabbing it he placed it under the window. Now he had a perfect, comfortable view into the bedroom.

He saw them stumble in, kissing frantically. One of them tripped on a shoe, ending on the floor, and the other, not missing a beat, dropped atop, continuing the very fervent kiss, hands hungrily roaming.

The moans of the two girls reached his ears, coming to him loud and clear through the closed window. His dick had slightly hardened at the sight of the girls kissing, but when Abby, being on the bottom, ripped off Marilyn's blouse, and Marilyn's large rack bounced freely, not being constrained by a bra, it rose to full attention. His breath came faster at seeing the eagerness in the manner Abby attacked Marilyn's full breasts. He could see Abby's cheeks collapsing at the strength of suction she applied, and noticed how roughly she kneaded the other breast with her hand.

"Oh yeah, suck my tit baby!" Marilyn lustfully exclaimed. "Oh, oh, I'm so turned on, I might cum if you keep doing that!"

Abby was encouraged, and kneading and sucking harder, she forced one leg between Marilyn's legs, driving her thigh up between them, rubbing Marilyn as strongly as she could through her clothing.

Marilyn got the hint, and unabashedly dry-fucked against Abby's thin, strong thigh. It didn't take long before Marilyn's orgasm overtook her, and wrapping her arms around Abby's head, pulling her further into her breast, she released into spasms, as she experienced an avalanche of sexual pleasure.

Abby released her tit, and pushed her off, making Marilyn collapse on her side, her right tit hanging towards the ground. Strongly, Abby got her to her unsteady feet, and pushed her on the bed, and as quickly as possible got her butt naked before she undressed herself. As soon as that was taken care of, Abby straddled Marilyn's face, ordering, "Suck me bitch, it's my turn to cum!"

Marilyn did so. She gave good head, and had been proud of her skills. Besides, it was only fair since Abby had just giving her a mindboggling orgasm.

"Oh fuck, Jason, put that cock in my mouth!" Said Abby.

Jason jumped off the concrete block, thinking that he had been caught, but heard the words again. Realizing that Abby was fantasizing about him, he got back on the brick, and continued watching the wanton display.

The strong smack of Marilyn's hand on Abby's ass reverberated in the room, making Abby exclaim, "Oh, yes, spank my ass Jason. Spank my ass, and pull my hair!"

A soft, low voice entered his head asking: Jason, do you want to fuck her asshole?

He shook his head strongly, trying to get the sound away that he believed he did not hear, and instead concentrated on Abby's orgasmic thrashing, and her delicious looking sphincter.

Do you want to fuck that tight asshole, Jason? Now in a deep, depraved growl.

Time seemed to slow, or Abby's orgasm seemed to extend, as Jason made up his mind to the answer of the question. His cock knew the answer, and was already out his pants.

Then a menacing voice, making it clear that it would not be ignored asked once again Do you WANT TO FUCK THAT ASSHOLE!?!

"Yes," Jason answered breathless.

A darkness enveloped him, and suddenly he was behind Abby's delightful body, as she was on all fours, Marilyn was nowhere in sight.

"Oh yes, Jason. Stick that big cock inside my ass! I want to try you on for size!"

Jason disliked disappointing. Pushing in, his mushroom head slowly entered Abby's back door. The feeling was unbelievable. Abby's ass was that tightest place he had ever been in. He had read about the smallness of Asian's, but had not believed it to be so true. Maybe she was a virgin as well!

"Come on Jason. Impale me on that dick of yours!"

He did just that. In a grunt, he pushed his large member deep in the bowels of Abby's ass.

Abby screamed in a mix of pain and pleasure. Jason quickly began to pound her ass, and with his left hand gave her ass a strong slap, leaving it bright read.

"Oh yes, Jason, spank me, spank me, pull my hair!"

Jason pulled her hair, pulling her head back with it, arching her smooth back. He noticed her hair growing thorns, and felt how they dug into his skin, but he did not care, he was close to cumming.

"Oh fuck Abby, I'm going to cum in you ass."

"Hell yes, shoot that seed inside me. FUCK MY ASS, JASON!"

Jason did. He came, and as he came he used his hand to strongly slap her ass, while the thorns penetrated the other, protruding through the back.

Jason awoke in a start. He was naked; all sheets were on the floor. His abdomen was covered in semen from what was very clearly a wet dream, and his right hand was bleeding.

"Oh shit, oh shit," exclaimed a startled Jason. He grabbed what was nearest, disregarded the fact that it was a sock, and wrapped it around his hand. He could still feel the squeezing of Abby's ass around his cock, but ignored it as he used the same sock to wipe off some of the cum, and headed to the bathroom to have a closer look at the wound.

"Fuck, I've must have bit my hand. But, what a dream!"

Once in the bathroom, he unwrapped the blood-soaked sock, and examined his wound closer. He noticed on the front and the back a number of small punctures that were already diminishing, and in front of his eyes completely disappeared, as if they were never there, blood no longer flowing.

Jason sat on the edge of the bathtub and rubbed his temples. "What the hell just happened?" He loudly asked himself. He had to figure out what was going on. And, he had to figure out if the green drink had anything to do with it, or if this was all due to the Book of Carnal he had found on his latest trip to the pyramids of Cairo. A book, which promised some great things, especially once he ejaculated on one of the pages.

Maybe I should not have skipped some of the pages, thought Jason as he headed back to bed. I have to figure out what's the deal. And with Misty at the bar, and...and he ran to the window, and looked out. Yup. It was there. The red, brand new BMW was nicely parked, looking better than when he had discovered it a few hours before dawn, breaking it in by fucking one of the girls senseless. He looked around the room, noticing things looked better as well. The drawers looked new, the bed was larger, exuding comfort, and the carped under his feet felt delightful. Something he had no previous experience with.

He walked to the mirror, and placing his hands on the chair in front of it, and looking at his reflection asked, "What the fuck is going on?"

"Read, idiot," answered his reflection.

Jason jumped back at the reply. Reflections were not supposed to answer, right? But, new that it was correct. He went to his expensive looking night desk, and, taking the book out, began reading.

It was difficult, for as soon as he touched the book pleasure coursed through his body, making it nearly impossible to concentrate on the words. But, he had experienced this the last time, and knew that he had to overcome it, and actually read what was written. The fact that he had had a wet dream was not the main reason, but more that he had been bleeding, and the improvements to his abode, car, and physique, which he had noticed earlier as well.

Warning: The longer your read, or hold this book the more you will change. At times a god, at others insane... "Ahh!" Exclaimed Jason, as pleasure more strongly ran through him. "Ok, this happened before Jason. Fucking focus...as your mind tries to adjust to your improved self. You are more desirable now... "Is that what it said the last time? Damn, this would be so much easier if it didn't feel so good!"...than you were previously. Your have more money, look better, and can please women to no end, making yourself their sexual god when you wish it.

Jason's dick felt like it was going to burst. He tried to let go of the book, but could not. His fingers refused to let go, and he clearly read to obtain this power, ejaculate on this page of the book. He got on his knees, getting ready to do just that, as the pleasure was overwhelming, but somewhere on the back of his head there was a small "no" that got his attention, and instead Jason made himself fall out of bed, releasing the book in the process. Just as quickly the intense pleasure left him, and he was left attempting to catch his breath. He could feel he was still close to cumming, and grabbing his spare sock he came in it.

He did not know what time it was, but figured it was still early, as the sun still hid, and did not really care if he had to work either. He had to figure things out before he took another step out of the room, or before he attempted to sleep. Somehow, he knew he had really fucked Abby, and even though she had enjoyed it, who knew what her thoughts would be once she awoke? What if she thought he had raped her? And Misty?

Jason returned from the kitchen with two forks, and leaving the book on the floor he attempted to open it with them in order to continue reading. "Damn it! It won't budge! Great, so I can only open it with my hands. Damn it all!" Exclaimed a frustrated Jason. "It's time for battle!"

Jason got on his bed, readied himself for pleasure, and picked-up the book. Only a quiet whimper escaped his lips, and he read: The first power allows you to change your surroundings, your physique, to influence others desires, as well as to intensify their pleasure. It also makes you desirable to women, and...Jason fell of the bed, and came all over his recently used sock...at your choosing, you can impregnate them, improve their health, or the opposite, make them your slave or your partner. There will be women that will attempt to resist you, or will fight your control, you, however, will always be the victor, and some will be broken, some will...Jason fell out of bed once again, and came on the same sock...join you, and become an asset. Think now of Misty...floor, cum in sock, read...You also have the power to enter dream...wait, where did Misty go? Nothing. Ok?...s, and to make them a reality for you, and for the one(s) involved. The next power will be revealed to you after you've proven control of this one.

A test...pleasure increased exponentially within Jason...you will not be allowed to fall out of bed for the next 15 minutes. You will have a choice. You can cum on this page and end the pleasure, or you can master it. The choice is yours.

Jason's pleasure rose at a quick, steady pace. He knew that if he gave in he would experience one of the strongest, if not the strongest orgasm of his life. The only change was the increasing speed of his intake of breath, and the ability to move his arms, clearly to place the book in front of his ranging member when he gave in to the pleasure. Time and again Jason moved his the book close to his cock, but then used all his will to move it away. He felt as if he was dying, as his insides, his soul, trembled inside a rigid, and constrained body. His head screamed "MMMIIISSSTTTYYY," but he did not know why. He though of road kills, and video games, and thought of explosions, and rats, and wounds throwing up puss. All, and anything that would decrease the pleasure, but the sensation increased unabated.

Jason was close to breaking. He knew his will could not stand the intensity much longer. And, all he wanted to do was cum. All he had to do was cum, and then it would stop. Just to cum on a page of this book, why not? But, no, he did not want to. It was a direct challenge, and he would do his best to control it. The fifteen minutes ran slow, becoming the longest span of time he had ever experienced, and the pleasure indescribable.

Suddenly, he heard a familiar voice in his head say "Well done, young one," and he clearly felt lips wrap around his member. Jason lost all control, and emptied himself into the mouth belonging to the lips that so deliciously enveloped him. Jason loudly moaned through his spasms. He was unsure if he still held-on to the book, as the release of his pleasure took him to an unknown dimension, and his mind saw colors that did not exist. Darkness enveloped him.

***

Jason awoke feeling relaxed, sated, and comfortable. Then he sharply sat upright, realizing that he was late for work. "Damn!" he exclaimed as he dressed quickly, brushed his hair, and used a mouthwash, skipping the brushing of teeth. He clambered into his car, started the engine, and rushed off to work, the tires screeching at the hurry. He disliked being late, and was thinking of all sorts of excuses to make when arriving, and finally thinking, I guess I can see how this influence power works. I wonder if it works with men as well, 'cause if not Terrance is going to kill me!

"Tisk tisk tisk, you are late," the lullying voice of Michelle, pretty, petite, receptionist reached his ears as he walked in.

"And you want to cum," he replied.

"Excuse me?!" Causing Jason to almost lose his nerve, but he had to test it, and concentrating on the word, and on imagining how she would look if she came, he ordered, "cum!"

Michelle's eyes rolled back, her face reddened, as one hand flew to her mouth to quiet the sounds of delight the orgasm generated.

"Now, I want you to remember that I saw you cum, but I want you to forget that I caused it," directed Jason, and taking a deep breath walked in the office.

He walked, feeling the looks of some of his coworkers, and meeting eyes with Andrew, whose smirk almost said, "sucks to be you." He walked quickly, but could not help himself smiling at Misty as he passed her cubicle, and was enchanted by the soft smile he received in return.

He made it to his seat, logged in, clocked in, then noticed the small light blinking "line one" announcing the soon ringing of the phone. He answered.

"Jason, please come to my office immediately!" Commanded Terrance.

"Ah, I can explain," was his nervous reply.

"Now!" And the line went dead.

Damn! He made the long walk to the office, first noticing the look of concern coming from Misty, and then hearing Chopin's Funeral March that Andrew was humming. Jason mouthed, "fuck you," as he passed him, making Andrew chuckle, and whispered "Nice threads." Good friend, but what an asshole thought Jason, and then when did I get such clothes?

"Jason, have a sit. Close the door properly."

Jason did.

"You are late again, Jason!"

"Yes, I know. It was not intentional."

"I should hope it is not intentional. Otherwise, I would think you were trying to get yourself fired."

"No, that's not the case."

"Jason. What makes you believe that you, out of all the employees, have the right to be late when you wish? We have discussed this previously at which point you stated that it would not occur again. And yet, here we are."

"Yes. I know."

"Listen Jason, I like you. You are a good worker when on time. You keep to yourself most of the time. You are in love with Misty," Jason was caught of guard. "Don't be surprised. Everyone knows. You usually stay out of trouble, unless you and Andrew get together, which takes place rather often, but you don't cause much damage. What is it with you?"

"You are not angry," commanded Jason.

"What? I sure as hell am angry!"

"I mean," trying to correct himself, "I understand that you are angry, it's just that things have been really weird the last couple of days," fuck, now what do I do? "Just don't be so upset, I will improve, just give me a bit to figure this thing out."

Terrance let out a slow breath, "Jason, I can only give you one more chance. If you come-in late again, I will have no choice but to fire you."

"I understand," he replied. Was that him, or my influence on him. No idea. Maybe both. But he does not seem as upset as he was.

"It helps that you are finally investing on clothing that makes you look like a professional, instead of a haggard, lazy child."

"Thanks."

"Makes me think that you might be making money elsewhere, or applying elsewhere. Is that what you are doing Jason?"

"What? No."

"Hm. Well, I'll let you off the hook this time. Go make me so money!"

"Yes, sir!" Jason exited the office, and walked quickly back to his cubicle. He was working hard for about four hours before an announcement over the speaker made him prick his ears: would the owner of a red BMW M3 please move the vehicle. We apologize for the inconvenience, but a tow truck is trying to get through. He continued working, when he heard once more: Again, we apologize for any inconvenience, but would the owner of a red BMW M3 please move their vehicle as it is blocking a tow truck. "Oh shit," Jason told himself. "That's my car. They probably think it's a customers."

He quickly stood up, and immediately felt all eyes on him. Then, looking toward the office saw Terrance giving him a "What the fuck are you doing?" kind of look. He took out his keys, and showing them to Terrance pointed outside, and turning several shades of red walked toward the receptionist's office.

"Jason, I said a BMW, not a Honda."

"Yes, I know Michelle. It's my car," and he quickly exited the building. Although he should have be filled with confidence, he was not, and felt completely awkward walking back inside, and making his way to his cubicle. He caught sight of Terrance looking at him with his hands on his waist. He could almost hear him think, "What the fuck?" And saw Andrew mouthing, "What the fuck?" The only one that was not as surprised was Misty, as she had seen the vehicle yesterday. However, she had thought it belonged to the girl he was banging. After a few minutes of being at his seat, he got a phone call saying, "Lunch break!"

"Yup, I could use it," he replied. Meeting Andrew half way, they headed outside.

"You drive," said Andrew. "How about a liquid lunch?"

"Sure, I could go for some quick food and some liquid..."

"What the fuck?" Interrupted Jason. "I thought you were playing a joke when you got out to move your car! When the hell did you get this baby?"

"Don't ask."

"Don't ask? How the hell am I suppose to not ask, huh? I mean, look at this fucking thing. As a matter of fact, I'll drive, give me the keys."

"Sure, what the hell," throwing the keys to Andrew.

"Really? Sweet!"

They entered, Jason finally taking the opportunity to look at his new car. It was really, very impressive. Black leather seats, with red threading, and a top-of-the-line stereo were only the beginning. It came with a full navigation system, programmable seats, and, soon found out, a very powerful engine, as Andrew let it rip. He took the scenic route toward their destination, but Jason did not mind. He was enjoying the vehicle, appreciating it's handling, as well as how it just hugged the curves. He had decided he was going to drive back.
