 Dear readers, 

Here is the next installment of The Book of Carnal. 

Let me know your thoughts, and enjoy.

All rights reserved. 

Don't forget to vote!

Ch 5a

Jason was dreaming again. He stood at the top of his apartment complex. It was not very high, but still. He was looking around, trying to enjoy the view, but every passing second solidified his desire to move out, and into another more fitting place. 

All was remarkably clear for him, considering that it was dark. He could see two figures moving in stealth, getting close to his car. He wanted to have a closer look, and see if he could hear what they were discussing. "If it as dream then I can make myself invisible, and float down there," he did just that. He achieved it quite easily. 

Floating down to the two figures, he noticed it was a man and a woman, with dark suits, and stern faces. The woman spoke first. 

"Is this the place?"

"Yes. It is. And, here is his vehicle."

"How can you be sure?"

"The most obvious being that this vehicle does not really belong here. It is out of place. The others around it don't match the quality of this one. Also, is seems to be imbued with some form of repellant as the other vehicles are not parked near it, and by looking at the parking lot, which is in desperate need of further parking spots, it is highly unlikely that someone willingly would not park next to it."

"But, that is all circumstantial." 

"Look here. The sign in the center of the wheels, as well as the center of the steering wheel is a 'T' not that of a BMW. We were told my Xerxes that this sign is placed upon those that have found the power. It usually cannot be so easily detected."

"You mean he made this?"

"Yes. Although, I was told that it had been not so long ago that he had come across this power. This is quite impressive for a novice."

"So this amateur has made a mistake with the sign?"

"Or he is confident that most would not notice it."

"So either he is a natural genius, or we have been lied to. We should just move in now that we have the element of surprise."

"Negative. I do not have his exact apartment, yet. And, if he is able to create this vehicle, who knows what else he has been able to create as personal defenses." 

"You're scared," jibbed the female agent. 

"No. Just concerned." He took out what looked like a scanner, and pointed it at the vehicle. "Look at this." 

The female agent moved toward him. She was very pretty, and seemed to be tight all over. She had long red hair, with a streak of white at the front. One could see a gun being framed by her suit. 

"Do you see that?" Asked the man wearing a similar suit, but he was muscular and well built, with a crew cut. He seemed made to seek and destroy, so it was odd to have him so reserved in this case. 

"What is that?" She asked incredulously. 

"Here are the normal parts of the car. And these are the modifications." 

"Yes. I know that. But that," she asked as she tapped on the scanner with her finger. 

"That seems to be what powers the vehicle. The scanner does not recognize it so it must be a very new form, or a very old one. Strange. The scanner cannot make a copy of it either."

"Alright, I'm getting tired of waiting around. When do we move in?"

"So anxious to get the action rolling," he joked. "You're going to have to wait a while. We are not allowed to move in until tomorrow evening. Right now we are here for recon, and we have enough."

"Tomorrow? He will be gone by then."

"He does not now we are here, so that is unlikely."

"We can just move in. Go in 'guns blazing,' per say. To bad I can't use my real gun, and instead this damn electric gun, and darts. Anyway, we are good. We'll have it wrapped up before morning, for sure."

"Negative."

"Stupid rule," she responded frustrated. 

"Come, lets go look around the building before heading out."

"You mean we are leaving him unguarded?" sounding incredulous. 

"Waxel will be here soon."

"Oh. Okay. Good."

Jason saw them move toward the building looking in the oddest places for who knows what. He was concerned about what they had said. He wanted to go back in his body, and try to do all the things he need to take care of. From the looks of it he was going to require all night, and who knew whom this people were. He would like to ask Miranda, but Misty was still there. 

After a few minutes he notice another figure walking around the parking lot. This one only glanced at the vehicle as he made his way toward the building. He knew this was Waxel. Everything about him was shady, and secretive. Jason tried getting a little closer, but moved away immediately when he realized that it was as if this Waxel character could feel him. 

The two other agents went toward him whispering rapidly. After the information was exchanged they left, and Waxel went to lean against one of the trees, and waited. 

Figuring that was his cue, Jason went back to his body, and almost forgot all as he saw himself cuddled against Misty. It was obvious to him how happy were both of them to be sharing blissful sleep. Then Jason remembered the conversation the two agents had had, and slammed into his body. 

Jason awoke in a start, but when he realized where he was he stroke Misty's arm to get her back to the steady sleep she had been experiencing before his upstart. Then getting out of bed, took the book, and went to the living room, leaving all in darkness. 

He sat on his couch, but was unsure what to make of all of it, and he really needed guidance. He remembered the bright light from when he called Miranda last, and thought that would be a bad idea to have again, and quite noticeable in the middle of the night. 

He opened his computer and logged in to his bank account, now it being at over seven figures. He was prepared, but it still surprised him. For as long as he could remember he had never had more than a couple of thousand in his account. 'Wont the bank find this odd, and inform the proper authorities. Did they already do so?' He was becoming anxious, and seeing those agents outside was unnerving. Mind you he was sleeping, but he knew they had been there. There was no doubt. He looked out the window, and could see the red of a cherry as Waxel smoked a cigarette. 

He logged in to his email account noticing an email from an investment firm. Technology. The person writing was the CEO, and it was signed Mr. Whitehead. Apparently he had a meeting tomorrow at 1 pm with him. Okay. He wrote the address down, and then checked his sent folder, surprised at email conversations taking place regarding investments, and real estate. He, however, had no such conversation. Or, not that he was aware of. Looking more carefully, he noticed an email that had gone out inquiring about real estate property. 

"Shit, I should have read the book quietly from the beginning!" He went to the bathroom with his book, and closed the door behind him. It was the only room without a window, and holding the book said, "Mistress Miranda, I need your help."

A flash of light went of again as it had the last time, and his eyes fell upon a beaming Miranda, now in a golden dress. "Oh, the bathroom. Are you interested in experience sexual pleasure in the bathroom, young one?"

"No Mistress..."

Miranda stopped him, apparently becoming aware of something, and asked, "How long has he been out there?"

"Um, maybe an hour or so. The others left when he came."

"Which others?"

"A man and a woman. They had been looking at the car. They said something about Xerxes."

"Xerxes, are you sure? Of course, Xerxes, otherwise he would not be here. Did they say anything else?" She apparently was not surprised that Jason had been able to hear the conversation as she pressed for more details. Exiting the room she stood in front of the couch, Jason sat, unable to look away from her beauty. 

"They were impressed with the car, and the modifications. Also, they said that they would be moving in tomorrow. Mistress Miranda, how was I able to hear them, and see them when I was asleep? And, why do I have over a million dollars in my bank account, and have been having email conversations about investments and real estate without being aware of it?" 

"I will only answer the necessary questions, as we have more pressing matters. You wanted to change your situation so you generated the funds, and started the conversations unconsciously. Usually it requires sexual energy in order for them to be effective, but it seems you have found a different away. You and I created the car, also unconsciously. Trust yourself. I'm sure you've also created safety nets regarding the money, and the real estate questions." 

"Ok, I will search." Said a determined Jason. 

"Not yet, young one. We have to talk about Xerxes." 

"Is this the Xerxes?"

"No, young one, but a descendent. Ruthless. Callous. They have tried to get a hold of the book for centuries, always coming close to doing so, but never accomplishing it. The fact that they did not move in tonight speaks volumes." 

"They think I am weak."

"No. They think you are of less value, or that you do not have it."

"So what do I do?"

"Misty is now compromised. Or, she will be when she leaves the apartment with you. If she leaves alone she will be followed to ensure that she has no connection with you."

"Misty? I don't want her to be in trouble."

"It is too late now. You love her, do you not?"

"Yes," he affirmed. 

"Then you must have her with you." 

"What if she..."

"She will, young one."

"Okay," Jason said doubtful. 

"Follow your day as usual. Take her to her apartment to get changed, then go to work together. Go to your meeting, and lose the tail. You will have a tail the whole time unless you lose them. After the meeting, pick her up from work, and lose the tail again, and go to your new place."

"That's really fast, and how am I suppose to lose the tail?"

"Be sure before you sleep you concentrate on learning how to drive very well, rally, and all that comes with it. They cannot place a tracking device on the car, as the modifications do not allow it, but they will try to keep up. And they will succeed unless you are well prepared."

"Fuck!" 

"My advice is to drop her off at work, and leave right away. You don't have to call in sick, or make something up if you do not wish it. Today will be your last day. Also for Misty."

"But if I lose the tail, wont they try to take her then, to get to me?"

"Not if you are clever. I advice you to be clever."

"How? I do not have any experience."

"Trust you instincts."

"Oh no, do they know about Andrew?" 

"I do not think so. Not yet, anyway. If they were serious about you they would have taken you tonight. The Xerxes men tend to be overly confident. But your friend is jealous of you. Are you sure you want to aid him if he gets in trouble?" 

"He may be a jerk, but he is loyal, and trustworthy."

"Very well, young one. Then, you may have to move him as well. But, Misty is priority. They will see her as your Achilles Heel."

"Fuck me twice!"

"We do not have time for that now, young one."

"No. I mean. Nevermind. When am I supposed to sleep? I still need to search for the safety nets of the money, and maybe see if there is a way to have the purchases done under a different name so that I am not easily found."

"Trust yourself, young one. You've been doing all of this unconsciously. Continue doing that for now. It happens naturally for your, just as you were able to hear the two agent's conversation when sleeping, or how you were able to fuck Abby. Because, you did fuck Abby, and you know it as fact."

"And my mind. You can read it so easily, can they?"

"I will always be able to, as we are connected differently. They cannot, as of yet. But, they will try soon. Tomorrow we will get you, and Misty trained once you are in your new location."

"Goddamn this sucks!"

"I see nothing sucking."

"It is an expression. Nevermind. So, I'll get started."

"Very well. I will put some surprises around the apartment for when they come tomorrow." 

"How will Andrew get away?"

"If you are serious about helping him, you may have to bring him into your dream."

"That sounds like fun."

"And young one. Sexual energy makes it stronger, but you are using another energy as well and combining it. Keep doing that. Tomorrow try and read as many minds as you can, all the time, even if it exhausts you. Eat and drink. It will recharge you."

"Very well," and pulling the computer to him, got to business. He worked fast reading all the emails he sent out, and looking over the properties he was interested in. Finally deciding for a place in Pasadena, and sending an email and cell phone number to be contacted in the morning to have a look at, and possible buy. Then, he looked at the investment emails, which he understood quite well, as he had studied this in college, but decided that he did not want to deal with other people's money, and did not have much money of his own, so he did not pursue it once out. It still took some time, but the thought of Misty being hurt because of him filled him with righteous anger, making him to solidify his precautions. 

After a while he had a fictitious name, and would worry about registering tomorrow, figuring that he could make his purchases under that. He sent en email to the Chamber of Commerce to have a package ready. 

Jason headed for bed, knowing that he still needed to train in his dreams, and from the looks of it, to train a hopefully sober Andrew. He was pretty lit before he dropped him off, and there was good chance that he continue drinking, then passing out on the couch, or on his bed with his clothes still on. In which case he would still be somewhat drunk, and may or may not feel it in his dreams. Jason had no clue about that. 

He had not noticed when Miranda had left, or if she had left at all, and did not ask about the "preparations" she had made. He presumed he'd get all the information sometime tomorrow. He went to the bedroom, undressed and placed the book safely under his pillow. 

Jason slept close to Misty, and of racing he did dream.

*********

Jason awoke to the voice of Misty saying, "wake up, sleepy head." He was suddenly very awake when he felt his cock being enveloped by a warm sheath, and opened his eyes to look into her lust-filled ones, as she slid down on his cock, impaling herself on it. 

"Oh wow!" Exclaimed Jason.

"Fuck Jason, you fit so good," as she rode him. Misty had dreamt of Jason fighting, protecting her, and an alluring woman around, teasing her, and then of Jason winning, and coming to her to take her as an eternal lover, and so she awoke prepped and ready and on the edge of orgasm. She was delighted when she saw Jason's manhood standing upright. She did not waste time, and immediately fucking him savagely. 

"Oh fuck Misty, I'm not going to last long!"

"Neither will I!"

"And no condom."

"You didn't care last night. But, don't worry; I'm on the pill. Now shut-up and fuck me."

Jason took hold of her hips and pushed up as she came crashing down. Both reaching their inevitable climax with lighting speed. 

Misty had her hands on his chest to support her while she energetically fucked him. As she was approaching her orgasm, her nails began to dig into his chest. 

Jason loved the feeling of her nails, and loved the wildness of their fucking, and dug his fingers on her hips hard as he approached release. 

"Iiii'mmm cuuuumm-aaahhh!" They exclaimed in unison. 

Jason had to hold on to her to keep her from falling, but it was difficult as his own orgasm was more than incredible. 

Finally Misty collapsed atop him, he hair falling over his face, as they regained breath control. 

"Good morning, lover," she whispered in her ear. 

"Good morning, my love," he replied. 

"Your illusion is strong. The bed is still invisible."

"It's not really an illusion. It's more like magic."

"Yeah right! And you are going to tell me that the chandelier is an illusion as well, right?" 

Jason looked at it, noticing that now one of the women was on her back while the man fucked her. The other woman was sitting on the face of the one laying down, and kissing the man, while they played with her tits. It changed. He was sure of it. 

"Here, lay down. I'll prove it."

She did. 

Jason looked at the chandelier, and lifting his hand said, "Everything in this apartment will return to his original form, now!" Nothing happened. 

"I knew you were pulling my leg."

"Right. It doesn't work that way. I just wanted to show-off. One second."

He concentrated on how if the agents of Xerxes discovered all this changes they would go after Misty sooner, and he needed time to prepare. He imagined his apartment in the original form, and said "archetype." There was a bright flash, and all was back to normal. He liked the idea of using words here and there. He figured he would come up with a few mores just to have those at his disposal as assigned to an action. 

"Wow, that is amazing! How did you do that?"

"I don't have time to go into details, but after work I can show you."

"What makes you think we will see each other after work?" She teased.

Jason stuttered a bit, fearing that maybe she did not want to come with him, but when he looked at her he could see her taunting smile. "I'm moving today to Pasadena. And I thought that maybe you would like to move in with me."

"Oh Jason, really?" 

"Yes. You don't need to bring anything except maybe a change of clothes. We can get new things for you."

"Nothing?"

"I would like to not go to your apartment at all, but am thinking you wont want to go to work in your white gown only, being as I destroyed your fishnet." 

"Why?"

He had to level with her, so lifting himself on one elbow he looked at her seriously. "I've discovered something during my latest vacation that has given me the ability to do what I've shown you and more. It seems others have become aware of it. I did not know about this until late last night, after we were asleep. Well. They may try to use you to get to me, and I cannot have that happen. There is no way I will allow something to happen to you because of me. So, I want you close to me at all times."

"Jason. Are these people dangerous?" Misty asked worriedly. 

"Yes, young one," interrupted Miranda.

Misty clung on to Jason chest and exclaimed "ah! Who just spoke Jason?!"

"I did, young one."

Misty looked toward the door meeting eyes with the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. She seemed to be floating along with her long golden gown. Misty was overwhelmed, and could not decide whether to be angry because there was another woman in the apartment, and had heard them fuck, and maybe even seen, or to say nothing an simply appreciate the beauty. 

"I decided to show myself to give more strength to what Jason will speak to you about. My name is Mistress Miranda, and I am the guiding presence of the book Jason mentioned to you." 

Misty still clung to Jason, but relaxed a little as she began to understand. He really was totally not pulling her leg. 

Slapping him on the arm she chided, "Damn it Jason! Why didn't you tell me this before so I would not almost have a heart attack?"

"You would not have believed me."

"I like her spirit," Miranda said to Jason. The she addressed a blushing Misty. "What Jason speaks is true. I can see that you have the same strength of love and desire for Jason, as he does for you, and have been carrying it for just as long." Misty could feel Jason looking at her in amazement, and blushed even more furiously. 

'She is so beautiful,' thought Jason as he held her. 

Miranda continued, "I can also see that you are not jealous of Jason, or his conquests, but see it as a form of pride, and for that I congratulate you. Jason will bring pleasure to many, and much to you. I can see the raising lust while I say this words to you."
