 Liz sat there for some time in her stupor, her mind now racing, now pausing still. Only the shrill interruption of her phone chirping in her handbag brought Liz back to her senses. The name of her friend Nat flashed up on the screen and Liz smiled, thinking of her long brunette hair and toned arms that Liz was more than a little jealous of. 

They worked out together and Liz would find herself watching her strong shoulders, on show in her flimsy racer top, bulging and flexing as she lifted the weight, her soft skin shining with a thin film of sweat. Liz cleared her throat and steadied herself before speaking, trying to sound far calmer than her racing heart felt. 

Nat seemed cheery and oblivious to Liz's wavering voice, focussed only on the drinks they'd arranged to have the following night. As they made arrangements to meet at a nice country pub they both liked, Liz found the strength to climb out of the car and stumble into her house, straight up the stairs and towards her bed. 

After saying goodnight she thought about a much-needed shower but instead stripped and went to sleep, naked and thinking only over De-els eyes glowering down at her as she pleasured his magnificent cock. Serving him made her feel whole somehow, like she was always meant to do this for him, and she longed for another opportunity. 

She woke early, and took an extra long hot shower, the powerful jets of water cleansing her, making her feel more human again. She ran her hands over her body, appraising it's smooth contours, enjoying the muscles she could feel under her soft wet skin. Taking the razor she smoothed the slight stubble of her pussy, enjoying the feel of the freshly exposed skin under her fingers. 

Her body didn't ache as much as she had feared from the attacker and from De-el, if anything she felt better than she had for some time. She dressed slowly, admiring herself in the mirror, the black thong showing off her wonderful ass perfectly. She slid her snug jeans over them and wore a plain black bra under a tight top; she looked sexy and inaccessible, driving the men and women in her office crazy following yesterday's more provocative display. 

Work was, well, work and passed without much of interest happening. The cute guy on the 4th floor had been charming and clearly interested and maybe a month or two ago Liz might have blushed with pleasure, but now she felt like she belonged to someone else, although she had no idea if or when she would see him again. 

With no further thoughts of mere mortal men, Liz rushed home to get ready for her night out, and as she turned the key in the door her mobile rang, with Nat's beaming face brightly illuminated on it. "Hi Liz, hope you don't mind but there's a change of plan, we're going into town, I feel like cocktails and dancing!" Liz's heart sank a little, this was not the kind of night she enjoyed especially, but Nat's enthusiasm was infectious and she didn't want to let her down. 

Before she had had a chance to really reply Nat continued "So, I'm coming round yours with a bottle of wine and we can get ready together, I'll be there in 5" and with that the line went dead. Liz shook her head whilst grinning. There were not many people in her life, actually no other people, that such a sudden and dramatic change of plans with wouldn't make her want to run and hide, but she knew Nat was great company and that she'd have a brilliant time tonight, despite herself. 

She had said 5 minutes but the doorbell rang in 3, giving Liz zero time to tidy the kitchen - it looked immaculate but she'd wanted to rinse out the glasses on the side. Nat greeted her beaming with what might well have been her second bottle of wine and she waved bye to the car containing Simon, her undeniably handsome boyfriend and tottered into the house. 

She had a few bags with her of different outfits, and as they were the same size as each other, Liz's wardrobe was fair game too. Liz alway was a little envious of the way Nat looked in some of her outfits, although failed to notice that it was always Liz that got the lion's share of admiring glances and comments when the two friends were out. Liz grabbed two clean glasses and they went upstairs, talking of where they were going and what each had been up to in the day. 

They sat comfortably on the bed chatting and enjoying each other's company, the wine disappearing all too quickly. Liz wasn't usually a big drinker, which meant that a) it went to her head quickly and b) she always seemed to have some wine in the house. In a slightly giggly state they decided to get ready, and for that Liz needed to get another bottle of wine. 

Liz went down to the kitchen, her cheeks hurting from the laughter, and that causing her to smile in itself. Coming back into the room, Nat had her back to her, but had stripped down to her bra and knickers. Liz couldn't help but admire her toned body, the curve of her hips, the sheer fabric of her knickers framing her ass alluringly. 

Perhaps it was the wine, or the laughter, or being fucked by De-el the previous night that had made her so confident, but Liz found herself reaching to that pert ass and squeezing provocatively, but with just enough playfulness to cover her tracks depending on Nat's reaction.

Nat turned, Liz's heart racing awaiting her reaction. Nat was smiling her eyebrow raised her eyes sparkling with a naughtiness that Liz responded to. "Oh?" She said, "like that is it?" Liz smiled, her hand still on the curve of Nat's ass. "I hardly think that's fair" and with that she playfully pushed Liz onto her bed, pinning her arms down with her knees and removing the bottle of wine from her. Although they usually worked out together, Nat usually took a higher weight, and it seemed the extra work had paid off as she was comfortably overpowering her as Liz tried to wriggle free. 

She couldn't help but be impressed by her toned thighs gripping her tightly, and inevitably her mind wandered as her eyes gazed at the gorgeous woman pinning her down. "Do you yield Liz?" cried Nat gleefully. Liz wriggled and fought, her arms straining and her hips bucking to lift Nat up and off her. There was no moving her and in the end she conceded. 

"Excellent, I shall claim my prize...". There was a naughty tone in her voice as she poured out two large glasses of wine. She gave one to Liz, who stood to take it from her. Nat leaned in and whispered "strip" and then sat back down. Liz gulped, sure she was turned on, but maybe this was going too far? 

She looked a little pleadingly at her conqueror but Nat's brown eyes showed no relenting. Liz gulped down her wine and pulled up her top over her head, undid and pulled down her jeans, sliding her socks off at the same time, without daring to look up at the sweet brown eyes she knew were trained on her. 

"Much better" said Nat approvingly, refilling both their glasses, and then patting the bed for Liz to sit next to her. As she sat down Nat placed her arm around her, their warm skin touching forcing Liz's heart to race. She smelt wonderful, so soft and feminine, the complete opposite of De-el's overwhelming manliness. 

Liz smiled and folded herself into Nat's embrace, their heads gradually gravitating towards one another, their soft lips meeting inevitably. Nat began to trace her hand over Liz's bare arm, gently but firm enough to know that she was in charge. The wine had muddied Liz's already befuddled mind and she let herself go with it, their tongues exchanging glances in her mouth. Her tongue felt fantastically agile and nimble - it had been some time since her clit had been toyed with by a skillful tongue, and Liz usually judged her partners skill by their ability to kiss. 

As they kissed Nat unhooked Liz's bra and let it drop in front of them, Liz's nipples were hard and sensitive, the cold air hardening them further. With a firm hand on her sternum Nat pushed Liz onto her back, and began to trace kisses down her neck, over her shoulders and over her breasts. Her lips were divinely soft and gentle, with just the right amount of pressure. The trail of her long hair of Liz's body was incredibly arousing and Liz stifled a moan of pleasure as she took one of her hard nipples into her warm soft mouth.

Nat worked Liz's nipples, her tongue darting over and around them, her lips pulling them deep into her mouth, her teeth sharply sawing them until Liz was squirming with pleasure. Finally she began to trace kisses down Liz's torso until she reached the flimsy fabric of her thong. She edged it down over Liz's hips, kissing as she did, until it was slipped off and Liz lay naked in front of her, her pussy wet and her clit desperate to feel Nat's skillful tongue. 

Nat obliged, her nimble tongue running over the length of incredibly wet pussy, sliding a little inside her to Liz's great pleasure. Finally she ran lazy slow circles towards the fluttering clit before enveloping it in the warmth of her tongue. 

Liz could feel a huge climax building and moaned encouragement, desperate to be made to come like this, her hands firmly in Nat's long hair as she worked her wet clit more and more. Nat repositioned herself to add more pressure, her hand resting on an uneven part of the bed. 

In her busy mornings, Liz had slid the new dildo under the covers, and now, unbeknownst to Liz. Nat's elegant fingers were wrapped hand around it's incredible girth. As Nat brought Liz closer and closer to a climax she carefully brought the shaft to the entrance to Liz's tight wet pussy and slid it slowly into her. 

It was too much for Liz to take and she shuddered to a hard climax, squealing with delight as Nat slowly fed the huge dildo into her, her tongue flicking deliciously over her hard clit. Liz came once more as Nat build up a rhythm, the ridged shaft sending sparks of pleasure through her. Nat redoubled her efforts on Liz's clit and began to work the dildo harder too, pushing it firmly over her gspot again and again until Liz's body was trembling uncontrollably. 

Nat held it firmly deep inside her, filling her wonderfully as her clit received Nat's total attention. A final, epic climax washed over Liz, her eyes a sea of colours, every nerve ending alive with pleasure, her body spasmed and shuddered with pleasure, a deep moan escaping her pretty lips followed by delighted cursing as her body contracted and shook with the climax, her strong pussy muscles clenching the giant shaft hard. 

Nat slowed her tongue until it became almost soothing, the dildo slowly edging out, sending further waves of pleasure that, coupled with the aftershocks of the incredible climax made Liz feel like it was one long orgasm. Liz closed her eyes and in the darkness felt exhausted and utterly shattered. She became only faintly aware of soft feminine lips kissing her and then slipped into a deep and welcome sleep. 

She woke, sun streaming in through the gap in the curtains, still naked but now under the covers. It took a moment or two for Liz's mind to reassemble, still a little fuzzy from last night's wine. Her initial feeling of guilt about what she had done, or rather had allowed Nat to do was replaced by guilt about falling asleep so soon and so deeply. 

She looked around and could see nothing of Nat, but on the bedside table was a note in her flowing handwriting. Scrunching her nose and wishing to be back asleep Liz reached over and read it 

Thanks for a quite wonderful night, love your new toy - I've got to get me one!! Lots of love Nat X p.s. Let's do this again sometime ;)

Liz breathed out a big sigh of relief, yes that climax had been incredible, but Liz didn't want it to be the last time she saw her, and if there was maybe the odd repeat performance from last night, then so much the better. Maybe with a little more wine Liz might be brave enough to use the toy on her. 

Liz grinned shyly, contemplated getting out of bed but thought better of it, pulled the duvet up and drifted back off to sleep, unaware of the darkly illuminated eyes watching her from the shadowy recess of the large wardrobe in the corner of the room. 

They blinked infrequently, absorbing everything they had witnessed. The brooding brow furrowed and then relaxed above them, deeply pleased with his ability to engender lust in those he wished, and relieved to have maybe finally found a portal home. No one he had met for some time came quite as hard, reached such divine levels as Liz. He could feel the energy crackle over his skin as she climaxed, feel the path to home opening up. In the woods the other day he had had a taste of her and knew that he needed more, but watching her with her friend made him realise that there was real genuine potential that he might have found the one.

De-el calmed his breathing, his urge was to jump out and simply ravish the woman over and over. He had spent many years on that path, taking whichever pretty woman crossed his path and fucking them repeatedly. Some of his victims took pleasure in their forced fuckings, others screamed and ran away to no avail, but none had provided even the tiniest glimpse of the way home. It had taken hundreds of years, and many hundreds of women to find that he needed to give them pleasure in order to be closer to his release. 

Thus, if he could make someone climax hard and long enough, he felt that that was his best chance. Still, there was something about this one that really lit his animalistic fire, something that made him want to see her squirming on his enormous cock as she squealed with pleasure. All in good time of course, and he sat back a little, watching the beautiful woman sleep, her relaxed body blissfully unaware that her own demigod was watching, waiting and plotting on giving her the largest feasible climax. 

Liz woke late the next morning, a rarity even on a Saturday. She lay there, a level of peace and relaxation coursing through her that was even rarer. As she slowly woke into life her mind buzzed around the surprising turn of her life in the last few week, how she had done, and loved, things that she would never have even considered, it was if she had been taken over, her inner sx demon unleashed.

After a slow and leisurely breakfast Liz slid into some comfortable jeans and a hoody and took herself shopping. She needed (well, wanted) a few tops for work, and maybe some new underwear. Driving to the large out-of-town shopping park Liz tried to convince herself that she wasn't buying underwear to look good for De-el in. Or Nat for that matter. Even after a 30 minute internal monologue Liz remained unconvinced.

She picked out a few tops to try on, a little racier than her usual work fare but she figured she'd try them on and see how they looked. With a handful of hangers Liz approached the changing rooms, obscured by rails of clothing and a large shelving unit. The place was deserted, no staff member to check her in. After waiting a moment Liz strode in and walked past several empty changing rooms to one of the larger ones at the end. 'God' she thought as she closed the door and placed her bag on the chair 'I come here so much I have favourite changing rooms!'.

Slipping off her hoody and tshirt Liz tried on the first shirt. It was nice enough if a little plain. It went in the 'maybe' pile. The next shirt was soft, and a little sheer. Smiling a little mischievously Lz wondered how it would feel against her hard nipples and, rationalising that she might wear it like that when going out, undid her bra and donned the soft fabric and looked up in the full length mirror.

She looked undeniably gorgeous, the sheer fabric showing the silhouette of her sensitive nipples, hard in response to the coldness of the air, the silky fabric against them and the acute fear that where the door had been a second ago there now stood De-el, his eyes burning deep into her soul. Her heart raced with adrenaline, with fear, with unbridled lust. She stood motionless, staring at him in the mirror, reluctant to turn around lest he turn out to be a figment of her imagination.

It seemed like an eternity to Liz, the tension thick and heavy, and as she gazed into his hypnotic otherworldly eyes Liz's world began to disappear, all that mattered now was serving De-el, pleasing him, helping him. His eyes, beautiful and commanding slowly moved towards the chair. Liz, almost involuntarily reached for the chair, turned it slightly and sat, her back straight and hands folded neatly on her lap. Awaiting her next, silent, instruction.

De-el approached, his enormous frame dominating her field of vision. The chair was the ideal height for Liz's pretty lips to be at the height of De-el's groin, and his arousal was impossible to hide. Liz's mind flickered very briefly to the incredible fuck of a few nights ago, and her pussy contracted and shuddered in pleasurable response. She looked up with her large, submissive eyes, seeking her master's permission to release that wonderfully enormous cock.

His eyes gave her consent, although insisted on maintaining contact. Her hands were eager but sure, and his shaft levered out of his trousers and she caressed his veined length as she stared up at him. Liz was determined to pleasure this perfect cock with her mouth and yearned to earn his climax. Still maintaining the required eye contact he pulled his trousers down a little further and, as her fingers took a grip around his shaft she began to caress his balls with her tongue.

He towered down, admiring at the beautiful woman skillfully running her tongue over and around his balls, carefully sucking them in turn into the warmth of mouth. He was as hard as he had been for many centuries, and her elegant fingers had no chance of reaching more than half way around his girth. It was a shame that he had resolved not to fuck her again for a while in order to deliver a more powerful climax, but that certainly didn't mean he couldn't have his fun in the meantime. More to the point he knew the more of his come she took inside her hot body the more in control of her he became, her libido out of control, her climaxes more powerful. Maybe, just maybe, powerful enough. 

Liz gazed up at his deep, impenetrable eyes. His cock was rigid and throbbing, and she began to trace her tongue around the root of his enormous appendage. Her only focus now was to show him how well she could pleasure him, to show him that she was worthy of taking his cock once more. Her tongue swirled and arced over the bulging shaft, gradually working towards the tip and she used both hands to pump firmly.

De-el's hands were firm in Liz's hair as she did her best to fit the enormous head of his cock into her mouth. She calmed her breathing and took him deeper into her throat, his cock owning her mouth in the way he seemed to own her mind now. She could take it no deeper, and there was no point hoping to take him all in, and so she focused on enclosing the head in the warmth of her mouth, her tongue swirling expertly over his sensitive ridges as her hands pumped furiously.

De-el's composure, usually implacable was shaken at the quite perfect blow job, and he gripped her hair firmly and held Liz's head steady as her hands worked his swollen shaft hard. As his cock quivered in her mouth Liz flicked her tongue once more driving shards of pleasure through De-el as he climaxed. Thick ropes of come spurted their warmth down her throat. Again and again his cock pulsed and more come flew from him, even as she withdrew his cock from her mouth, a final twitch forced a ribbon of come over her lips, chin and down onto the shirt she had been trying on.

Liz laughed quietly, a little dazed from the incredibly intense experience, and looked down at the shirt to survey the damage. The sheer fabric clung to her breast where his come lay, the shift transparent in its moisture, the hint of her areola showing. Looking back up, where De-el had been stood just a moment ago was now empty space, the girl looking back in the mirror had messed up hair, come on her lips, chin and shirt and in Liz's new-found opinion looked all the better for it. She sat there for a moment, still tasting him, her heart still racing, her mind still turning somersaults.
