 I awoke. I had time to stretch and yawn, enjoying the kiss of the morning sun on my bare skin, before it all came rushing back. The bottle. The djin. The best sex I'd ever had, but not of my choosing. And the rings. The little tiny rings. 

I'd just gone to bed last night, too exhausted to do anything else. This morning, however, I was fully awake, and determined to fight Algave, as best I could. I would start by removing the damned rings. 

They didn't have any sort of clasp, I found as I traced the tiny golden circles with my fingers. It was just smooth metal all the way around. The one in my clit had a tiny, tiny blue bead on it. The ones in my nipples were larger, and covered in a delicate design of tiny golden dots. No, not dots. I got out my magnifying glass. It was a good thing my breasts were so large. If they weren't, examining the rings would be kind of awkward. 

I held the magnifying glass up to the ring on my left breast, and took a good long look. Not dots. Letters. Little tiny Arabic characters. I wondered what they said. And how had they been inscribed so small? Magic, probably. These little rings were works of art. I felt almost bad about what I was going to do.

I fished around in my sculpture kit and withdrew a pair of wire cutters. It was difficult getting them lined up on the ring in my left breast so that they would cut wire, not flesh, but I managed it. Then I pressed down, hard. 

There was no tiny give, no snick of metal parting from metal. When I pulled the wire cutters away, I found the ring unblemished. "Shit." 

No matter what I tried, I couldn't get them off. Nothing I did could damage those rings. Finally I had to give up. For now, anyways. It was time to get ready for work. 

*

I sighed, and flipped to the next page, searching in vain for the hieroglyphic I needed. I looked back over at the chunk of pottery. Damn budget hadn't extended to an actual egyptologist, so here was me, as usual, doing the best I could to fill the gap. Once again, I wished Robert Jensen had set aside more money in his will to catalog his damn collection. Saying he wanted the public to see all of the artifacts he had accumulated over the years was a very nice sentiment, but did he give us the budget we needed to actually make that happen? Nope. 

I had worked with the Jensen foundation for over a year now, doing odd jobs ranging from cleaning the toilets to preserving paintings. It had been good experience, and had looked great on my application to grad school, but sometimes it was just too frustrating. Like today, tasked with translating an ancient egyptian pottery fragment using a beginner's guide to hieroglyphics. 

I puzzled out the next bit, then turned back to my piece of paper and began to write. Suddenly, Algave appeared in front of me. I jerked, and my pencil lead broke. "Shit!" 

My mentor, Dr. Thompson, made a sympathetic noise. "Maybe you should switch to mechanical pencils," she said, looking up at me from her desk across the room. 

As she returned to her work, I looked from her to Algave, who she clearly didn't see. He smiled. "Mention me, and she'll think you're going nuts," he said. "You don't want that, do you?" 

I glared at him, but stayed silent. So, Dr. Thompson couldn't hear him, either. That was just great. 

"I want to exercise my conjugal rights," Algave said. "Excuse yourself, and go to the bathroom."

I shook my head. Hell, no. 

He smiled. "I thought you might say that." He gestured, and my rings began to silently vibrate. I winced as my arousal level shot abruptly from 0 to 10. "Unless you want to cum right here, in front of your friend, you will go to the bathroom." He said. 

Mulishly, I shook my head again. 

Algave chuckled. "You'll change your mind." He sat down on the table between an impressionist painting and a large jade budda. "I can wait." 

I shifted uncomfortably in my chair, trying to find a position that did not put pressure on my girly bits. Giving up, I looked back down at the book. 

Every passing moment made it harder to concentrate on my task. My breathing grew heavy, eliciting an odd look from Dr. Thompson. Shit. I forced my breathing to slow, and glared murderously at Algave. He just laughed. 

I couldn't see the book clearly now. Couldn't think straight. I made a strangled noise. 

Dr. Thompson looked up. "Bekka, are you alright?" 

I stood. "I'm fine. My- my lunch is disagreeing with me." I turned and raced out of the room. 

Behind me, Algave chortled. 

"Bekka?" Dr. Thompson called. "The bathroom is the other way." 

I knew it was, but I had been hoping to find somewhere private where Algave wouldn't molest me. Probably a futile hope, but still. Muttering my thanks, I made a u-turn toward the restroom. 

I entered the bathroom. Leaning against the sink, I looked into the mirror at my far too red face. I moaned. 

Algave appeared behind me. His arms encircled my waist. "Let's take it slow this time, shall we?" The vibration ceased. 

I fought his grip, but his arms were like iron bands. "Let me go you fucking-" I gasped as the world blurred. 

When things grew clear again, I was no longer in the bathroom. I was in a bedroom, opulently decorated in gold, purple, and blue. I wondered where we were. 

Algave scooped me up and tossed me lightly onto the bed. Golden ropes snaked around my wrists and ankles. I yelped and tried to jerk free, but was swiftly tugged into a spread eagled position in the middle of the enormous bed. 

A snap of Algave's fingers removed my shirt. "The frenzied pawing I gave you last night did not do your beauty justice." He looked me up and down. "Your form is so soft, so full." His hands moved slowly over me, not quite touching, tracing the curve of my breasts. "Your hair is like like darkest midnight, a velvet darkness devoid of stars." His hands ran through my hair. I leaned away from his touch, and he smiled. "So defiant. So full of life and spirit. It shines through your eyes like fire. And what eyes..." He leaned close. "Such a bright, lovely shade of blue around the outside, and your pupils..." He leaned closer. "Are ringed with blue-violet. So complex. So very, very beautiful." 

His own eyes, looking deep into mine, weren't exactly boring. Shades of orange shifted and moved within them, like a fire in slow motion. And his breath was sweet, like strawberries. 

His lips hovered over mine. I could feel them move as he murmured, "So full, so soft. What would you do if I kissed you, I wonder..." 

I jerked my head forward, teeth snapping. Algave just barely avoided me. He sighed. "Such a pity." 

I fought my restrains. "Let me go or get it over with, you fucking bastard!" 

"No." Algave smiled. "As I said, I mean to take my time." He snapped his fingers again, and my bra was gone. "I gave these great beautiful moons so little attention last night," he said, tenderly stroking my breasts. "An insult to such loveliness, I think." His fingers ghosted across my skin, gently circling my nipples. "And such petite little buds. Delightful." His lips hovered over them. I could feel his breath on my skin as he said, "Those dainty little cherries look good enough to eat." And then his lips engulfed my nipple. 

I moaned as I felt him lick and suck. What the fuck? My nipples had never been this sensitive before. Maybe it was the rings? I felt him playing with them with his tongue. Yeah, that was probably it. A light tug, just on the edge of pain, made me whimper. 

Straddling me, Algave switched to the other nipple, showing it the same tender attention he had the first. Then he switched back. He really did mean to take his time. I sighed, half in arousal and half in frustration. I was going to lose my job. 

Underneath my clothing, I could feel my clit throb, partially from the aborted vibration, and partially because of what Algave was doing now. His erection pressed against my stomach. I remembered the feel of it inside me, and the throbbing in my clit increased. What? No! I could not be looking forward to- 

I gasped, arching against my restraints. I could feel my pussy clenching. This wasn't- I couldn't be- 

But it was, I realized as I settled back onto the bed. I just came. And Algave wasn't doing anything more than playing with my nipples! 

Algave sighed in satisfaction, releasing the nipple in his mouth. "Nice to know my skills are as good as ever. I was worried I'd gotten out of practice in the hundreds of years I was stuck in that bottle." A flash of rage crossed his features, making him look ugly. Then he composed himself. "That's enough of that. I wouldn't want to lose my temper in front of a lady." 

For a second, I felt a stab of pity. "Were you aware? That entire time?" 

Algave looked away. "I don't want to talk about it." 

"Talking might- mmph!" 

Algave's hand over my mouth cut me off. "I said I don't want to talk about it. Say anything else about that damned bottle, and I'll gag you. Understand?" 

I nodded. 

"Good." Algave lifted his hand, and smiled seductively. His lips trembled slightly. "Now, where were we?" 

I moaned as he took one of my nipples in his mouth again. The other one he took between thumb and forefinger. A flick on the ring made it start to vibrate. I gasped. "Fuck!" 

Algave made a happy noise I could feel through my entire breast. His muscles relaxed, and for the first time I realized how tense he had been. How tense he still was. He needed this, I realized. Needed some sort of release, something resembling vengeance after being trapped for so long. Not to mention, I thought as his erection throbbed, he'd probably built up a lot of sexual tension as well. All things considered, I thought as he switched nipples, he could be doing worse. I moaned. 

I came again, the orgasm rippling through me like an ocean swell. "Oh..." When my head cleared, I wondered if, perhaps, I shouldn't just give in. After all, it felt sooo good... And, in all honestly, if this was how Algave channeled 1000 years of rage, he probably normally wasn't such a bad guy. 

Algave switched tactics, pressing his face against my neck and lavishing it with long, slow tongue strokes. I whimpered, and then whimpered again as the djin nibbled lightly on my ear. Fuck! I'd never realized my ears could be so sensitive! 

His licking and nibbling moved lower, down my neck, over my throbbing pulse point. Across my collarbone. Down toward my nipples again. I moaned as Algave took one in his mouth. "Oh, yes, more!" I begged. 

Algave pulled back to laugh. "Giving in, are we?" He slapped my lightly on the thigh, making it jiggle. "Wife of mine, you are such a slut!" 

I blinked. "Wife?" 

"Yes." Algave's eyes met mine. "As I said, you are mine. Forever and for always. Those rings mark you as my wife." He smiled. "Like your culture's wedding rings, except a bit more... difficult to remove." He grasped a nipple ring and tugged lightly. "Out of curiosity, have you tried to remove them?" 

I nodded, moaning as he continued to toy with my vibrating nipple ring. "Y-yes." 

"The metal cannot be cut by any common tool. Neither can the flesh immediately around it, though trying will still hurt." He smiled. "But I bet you know this already. How far did you go to try to remove them?" 

I arched against him, deliberately rubbing my body against his still clothed erection. Now it was his turn to gasp. "Would you like to chat a bit? Or would you rather molest me?" 

His grin widened, going from slightly cruel to decidedly rakish. "Option two, I think." He snapped his fingers, and my pants vanished. So did the ropes holding my legs to the bed. Algave slid off of me. Slowly, reverently, he tugged down my panties, revealing my already very moist sex. His eyes went wild with lust, and, instead of tugging my lacy underthings the rest of the way off, he snapped his fingers. They vanished with a pop. 

An invisible force yanked my legs apart, and Algave slid into the space between them. With a happy moan, he buried his face in my pussy. I'd had lovers complain about the hair before- that was why I usually kept it shaved- but Algave obviously didn't care. As the djin began to enthusiastically devour my pussy, I moaned. 

Within minutes I was cumming. My nipple-gasms had been relatively tame, but this was... My heart pounded. My pussy clenched around Algave's tongue. Couldn't move. Couldn't think. My back arched, and I screamed as the ring on my pussy began to vibrate. "OOOOHH, FUCK!" 

After that I made mostly incoherent gasping sounds. My mind alternated between begging for it to stop, and too blissed out for thought. My mind alternated between begging for it to stop, and too blissed out for thought. And the same, desperate thoughts ran through my head over and over and over... By the time the orgasm ended, my muscles were sore from all the spasms. 

Algave tapped his watch. A watch he had not been wearing when my orgasm started. "About nine and a half minutes. I timed it." He sighed. "Was hoping to get past the 10 minute mark. Oh, well, maybe next time."

I blinked blearily up at him, still gasping for air. "Whaa..." I shook my head. "I don't think I could take that again." 

Algave laughed. "I'm not giving you a choice, love. What I will give you is a short break. And some water, I think. Or juice? Which would you prefer?" 

*

I sipped my passion fruit juice slowly, knowing that, as soon as I finished, I'd be shoved back onto the bed for another... I discreetly checked my cell phone... Another hour and a half of mind numbing pleasure. At least. And, while I was not totally against mind numbing pleasure, I'd had enough for the day. Maybe if I could get Algave talking... 

"Where are we?" I asked. 

Algave, who had been staring thoughtfully into space, jerked around to face me. "What?" 

I repeated my question. 

Algave frowned. "Your language has few suitable words for it. I guess you might call it," he said, making a face, "A pocket dimension? It's basically a small space outside the universe, created by my will." He shrugged. "Raw creation is where djin magic shines the most." He made a face. "And destruction, but most of us try to curb our destructive tendencies." 

I remembered a description of djin I'd read once. Beings created from smokeless fire... 

Algave continued, "Not like human magic. That's more-" 

I raised a hand, cutting him off. "Wait! Human magic? Humans can do magic?" 

Algave frown. "Of course. All four of the original races have magic." He made a face. "Or all six, if you believe in angels and demons." 

I blinked at him. "Four races? What do you..." I shook my head. "Until I opened the bottle, the only race I knew of was humans. So unless there are subdivisions I don't know about..." 

Algave blinked at me, as shocked by my statement as I was by his. "I... I had guessed you knew little or nothing of djin, given that you were foolish enough to open my bottle, but..." He shook his head. "There are words for them, in your language. Dragons. Merfolk." 

I frowned. "I thought they were mythical." 

Algave choked. "Mythic- My race tended to keep apart, so there were always those who considered us myth. And dragons were not only aloof, but very few in most places. But the mer- Your people always had great relations with the merfolk! And, while not as numerous as humans, they were far from few." He shook his head. "How could this have happened?" 

I cocked my head. "Could you ask another djin? One who wasn't stuck in a bottle for the past thousand years?" 

Algave scowled. He snapped his fingers, and the glass of juice vanished. "I think you've had a long enough break." 

I had been perched on the edge of the bed while I drank my juice. Now, Algave forced me back onto it. "Let's get back to business, shall we?" 

When I started to protest, Algave gagged me. The golden ropes snaked around my wrists and ankles once more. "MMPH!" I struggled, more out of anger than any hope I might prevail. 

I was scared, too. Algave looked somehow wilder than he had during our first session today. Obviously I'd hit a nerve. Something about other djin. What- 

All thought of my error was driven from my mind as the rings began to buzz. Algave watched me for a moment, eyes hungry, hand pumping his now exposed cock. I couldn't remember him getting underdressed, or even snapping his clothing away, but he must have.

Gently, Algave stroked my pussy. "Looks like that's enough lubrication." 

I whimpered, and then whimpered again as he lined his cock up with my pussy. I could feel his cock head against my pussy entrance. Could, in my mind's eye, see it throb. Oh God... 

I could tell Algave wanted to just ram his cock into me, but he took it slow, inch by inch of it sliding gradually into my depths. He pulled out, his cock rubbing against my vibrating clit ring. Then, slowly, he pushed in again. I moaned as his cock pressed into my g-spot. My pussy clenched, and his cock throbbed in response. Algave gasped. I wondered if he was using magic to hold onto his own climax. Either that or he had some impressive willpower, because, for several minutes now, he'd had the slightly poleaxed expression of a man reaching his limit. 

He closed his eyes. "You are just so... so... tight..."

Finally his cock was all the way in. I whimpered into my gag as he began to move within me. The primal rhythm, combined with the vibration, was almost... Was most definitely... 

I came, my pussy locking down around Algave's cock and squeezing it tight. I could tell he was trying to move, but my pussy wouldn't let him go. He moaned. "Oh, Bekka..." He gritted his teeth, and managed to hold in his own climax until I was done.

As soon as my pussy released him, he began to pound me, pumping in and out with the precision of a machine and a desperation no machine could match. The vibration in my rings turned up... 

I came. I came again. And again... By the time Algave broke, releasing his own climax into me, I'd lost track. Not that I'd been trying very hard to count, or anything, I thought muzzly through another climax as Algave filled me and filled me and filled me... 

We both went limp in unison, panting. I moaned, still gagged, as Algave's head came to rest against my chest. Blinking blearily up at the bed's canopy, I tried to get my thoughts together. Failed. Climaxed one final time as Algave withdrew. Fell asleep.