 The breeding colony's governor was proud of her operation. It was a peaceful place where males and females resided and worked contentedly at their appointed jobs. She was actually looking forward to giving the tour to the visiting dignitaries from the planet's council of colonies. The breeding colony had been in operation now for several generations and functioned like a fine-tuned machine.

The governor got up from her desk and walked over to the bank of windows that looked down into the breeding facility from her office, high in the biodome. From there she could see the females lounging freely around the heated pool at the center of the dome, their lovely breasts so round and full, their bodies lean and toned. 

One young blonde was leisurely swimming across the pool on her back, her full breasts rising above the surface of the water like islands, with firm dark nipples atop each peak. She was making her way gently through the water like a paddleboat, just wriggling her hips to propel herself with her legs, her arms just flowing at her sides. Her long blonde hair flowed out from her head like the tentacles of a jellyfish and she reminded the governor of the legendary mermaids she'd read about as a girl.

Nearby on a chaise lounge, a young brunette reclined, one knee drawn gracefully up, while she napped peacefully, soaking in the warmth of the sun shining through the glass roof of the biodome. The hard nipples on her firm breasts were dripping, leaving a shiny wet path that gleamed in the sunlight. She soothingly massaged her full lobes with one hand, while the other extended above her head--her eyes still closed behind stylish sunglasses. An attendant in white scrubs came up to her and inquired as to her comfort and after a brief conversation, he took a tube of gel from his pocket and lubed up his hands, then gave the young female a thorough breast examination--massaging the entire tight surface of each lobe, before gently applying pressure around each nipple, causing a wonderful spray of milk to flow from her tips like miniature fountains. 

That was a wonderful sight to the governor. That was the image of success here at the colony--young healthy girls with full breasts from which milk flowed freely and in great abundance.

Taking off her sunglasses, the young brunette smiled at the attendant, and took his hand as he led her away to the milking parlor. Her full hips swayed gracefully as she walked--her nipples still spraying sweet milk. The governor made a mental note to consider installing milking stations nearer to the pool so that less milk would be wasted in transit to the parlor.

All in all, though, she was pleased. Milk production was up, semen quality and quantity was high, ovulation was optimum, impregnation rates were excellent, pregnancies and babies were healthier than ever. She glanced over at the plant's control panel in her office that indicated current production activity and smiled with satisfaction. It looked like one of the control panels in the old nuclear power plants--with multiple computer screens showing not only live feeds from the semen production, ovulation, insemination and birthing centers, but from the milking parlor as well. Each screen was filled with the sight of healthy, well-toned young males and females engaged in the variety of work at the breeding colony. It filled the governor with pride to see her fine young males in the weight room, working on the various machines that built up their genital muscles, and built up their sperm production.

She could see one of her favorite males lying on his back--his broad hairy chest a field of springy dark curls, in which his manly nipples were barely visible. He was lifting a bar with weights on each end above his head, with his firm thighs splayed, anchoring his somewhat bony long feet firmly on the floor. His penis rose from his abdomen like a pillar of rock with a scrotal sack that was so engorged, it looked like one large grapefruit instead of the two gonads that she knew it entailed. The veins on the slick red skin of his staff bulged with the tension in his body. The bulbous head was tight and seemed strained. A female attendant dressed in scrubs was assisting him in his exercise. She took a tube of gel from her pocket and lubed her hands before giving his genitalia a thorough knowledgeable examination. She massaged his scrotal sack and the governor could see the penis swell even more. The young male's face seemed to strain with the effort of not thrusting as the attendant firmly stroked his length. 

He set down the weights, tucked his hands behind his head to cradle it, and gave his attention to the examination. She firmly wrapped her hand around the shaft of his engorged penis and pulled it up from his body as if she was trying to uproot a plant, then she would completely massage his full scrotal sac--probing for a sense of how ready he was to inseminate a female. The scrotal sac needed to be at its fullest for the most efficient use of his semen. The male's face reddened as she massaged his sac, he arched his back, wanting to pump his cock into something, and closed his eyes, inhaling raspily through clenched teeth. This male seemed to be ready to inseminate, so the attendant took him by the hand and led him out of the weight room--his firm buttocks moving like those of a lion, his thick jutting penis preceding him by a "head."

A knock at her door, pulled the governor's attention away from the monitors, and she proceeded over to the door to welcome the four visiting dignitaries who were scheduled to tour the facility. Like she, they were dressed in tailored professional attire--suits and leather shoes--impeccably groomed. They exchanged polite greetings and then the governor cordially ushered them out of her office and to a nearby elevator that would take them down to the main floor of the biodome. 

The elevator had glass walls so that as they descended they could enjoy the paradise-like view of the breeding facility. The sun shown down on palms and gardens, fountains and pools, surrounded by decks for sunning, light exercising, leisurely eating and recreating. The governor attributed the great success of the operation to the high level of morale among the colonists. Every effort was made to ensure their comfort and pleasure. As a result, milk, semen and baby production here was better than anywhere else on the planet.

As the group of dignitaries stepped out of the elevator on the surface of the biodome, they were surprised to find the air a bit moist and warm, which suited the breeding colony best. They lived their lives entirely without clothing. Some support garments were seen on occasion--some of the milk-producing females preferred some sling-like supports to keep their full lobes high--but otherwise, the males and females lived and worked within the biodome completely naked. Attendants wore surgical scrubs, as befit the medical nature of their work. 

The governor, not wanting her guests to be uncomfortable, asked them if they'd prefer to slip into lighter garments for the tour. She herself would prefer to do so, so they followed her lead and accepted the offer. A nearby dressing room was available for removing their street attire and slipping on toga like robes of soft white cotton, and simple sandals for their feet. 

When the men had changed, the governor was waiting for them, also attired in a light toga. She was a lovely woman herself, and now appeared somewhat as a benevolent Greek goddess. She proceeded to direct the men through the pool area where numerous females lounged in deck chairs and swam leisurely. One of the men could hardly tear his eyes away from a well-toned female poised to dive off the diving board. Her lovely full lobes hanging like pendants from her chest, each with their firm tips, the view from behind of her shapely hips framing the thick engorged labia of her sex, like a couple of figs ripe for the picking, her shapely legs ready to propel her into a beautiful dive from the board. His own cock stirred beneath his robe and threatened to rise up firm against the cotton fabric. The governor glanced down at his predicament and smiled understandingly, but insisted that they proceed on to the next area.

She led them to the milking parlor, her pride and joy at the facility. It was a circular room with milking stations spaced evenly around the perimeter, about 20 total. Each milking station appeared to be a perch upon which the female was positioned, much like a jockey on a horse. A firm support for her abdomen held most of her weight, but also there were two funnel-like cups for her breasts, positioned over a milk trough that encircled the perimeter of the room. There was a head rest, much like that on massage tables, which allowed the female to relax with her face down or to the side. For her lower body, there was a small cup-shaped support that was positioned to hold her up at the point of her clitoris. Then her legs were spread, much as if she were riding a horse and held up by padded supports along her inner thighs. Her hands were positioned to be above her head and suspended in a container of warm creamy lotion. Her feet were left to dangle, also in a container of warm creamy lotion. So as the governor led the men into the parlor, they were greeted by the sight of 20 females perched like jockeys, with their breasts being milked by the pulsating funnels-- milk spraying into the circular trough of milk that foamed and sweetly fragranced the room, and their asses all facing the center of the room--labia thick and engorged, some dripping from the juices their bodies couldn't help but produce, induced by the pleasure of being milked and their clits being massaged by the clitoral supports. 

The room pulsated with the throb of a heavy sensuous mix of percussion and bass music in sync with the pulsing of the milking machines. The females moaned with pleasure and often wriggled their hips, always close to orgasm. Above the rear end of each female, a cord extended down from the ceiling attached to a dial that protruded from each female's vagina. The governor explained that while being milked, each female had a vibrating dildo inserted into her vagina to keep her aroused. This helped milk production and was very good for morale. Attendants in white scrubs were busily assisting the females--adjusting the fit of the latex milking funnels that allowed the spraying nipples to extend out into the open. 

The sight of 20 females with pairs of nipples spraying milk freely down into the trough to the rhythm of the heavy music in the room definitely got a rise out of the dignitaries. The governor noted that their robes were protruding out with the jutting of their erections against the fabric, and several of them were nervously trying to ease the tension in their cocks by massaging themselves as discreetly as possible.

The attendants in the room would adjust the degree of vibration by the dildo with the dial that protruded from each female. It was best if the female hung just below the brink of orgasm during milking, but sometimes a female couldn't help but have an orgasm and at any given time, it wasn't uncommon to hear 3 or 4 of them gasping in ecstasy. 

Some of the females had a red cream applied to their buttocks. One of the dignitaries asked about this and the governor explained that these females had been identified as ready for breeding. No sooner had she explained this, than a female attendant led a young male into the room with an engorged penis and a huge grape-fruit-sized scrotal sac. The governor's attention was immediately drawn to the delectable sight of the well-hung male and she smiled to herself with pride at the beauty of his health and size. 

The male attendant in the room conferred briefly with the female attendant and then the male breeder was directed to a particular female with a red bottom. The female perch was adjusted for height to match the height of the male and the vibrating dildo was gently retracted from her vagina. The eager male stepped up behind the female and began to insert his thick cock between her swollen labia. She was already excited and wet, and wriggling anxiously, awaiting his penetration. It was a tight fit. The colony's males all had larger than average genitalia. But the female moaned with pleasure and wriggled her hips as best she could to accommodate his size and let him penetrate as deeply as possible. As she continued to be milked by the pulsating latex funnels and her clit was massaged by the clitoral support, the young male breeder pistoned in an out of her vagina to the pounding rhythm of the sensuous music in the room. She could feel his engorged scrotum squashing against her each time he thrust into her to the hilt. The male's attendant stood behind him as he thrust into the female and cupped his scrotal sack from behind, reaching between his bare buttocks and legs. She massaged his gonads and the base of his cock as he continued to thrust. 

Now the governor, herself, was starting to feel wetness drip down the inside of her thigh as she watched the hunk of male ramming his meat into the young female. While the one female was being impregnated, another female was done being milked. Her dildo dial was adjusted to increase her pleasure and bring her to orgasm. She wriggled her hips more, soothingly calmed by the attendant as he massaged her buttocks, and soon she was howling and gasping with her orgasm. The attendant gently removed the dildo and assisted her in getting off the perch. Her breasts were somewhat red from the working of the milking funnels, her nipples were dark and hard, and dripping a little, and her legs were a bit wobbly from the orgasm. As she stood for a moment, her juices could be seen dripping down her inner thigh. An attendant came and escorted her out of the room, where she would be led to a hot tub for a soak, followed by a massage and then a peaceful nap in the sleeping chamber. 

An attendant came in with another female ready to be milked. Her breasts were full and tight and her nipples were already spraying into the air. She gladly climbed aboard the perch, positioned her clitoris on the support provided, gently lowered her lobes into the latex milking funnels above the milk trough, let the attendant adjust her tits as necessary so that the nipples extended through the openings in the funnels to spray into the trough. She extended her arms above her head and let her hands enjoy the sensuous feel of the warm creamy lotion they were suspended in. She let the attendant adjust her thighs on the supports, let her feet dangle in the lotion provided for them and then gladly accepted the gentle insertion of the vibrating dildo. 

One dignitary who was particularly enthralled with the process approached the attendant working with the new female and asked if he could get a closer look at the dildo apparatus that protruded from between her thick engorged labia. He loved the smell of her--so excited and drenched in her own juices. The attendant looked knowingly at the dignitary and asked if he'd like to do the honors of keeping the young female aroused during her milking. The dignitary gladly accepted the offer and the governor helped him remove his robe, revealing an impressive hardon, eager for female contact. 

The attendant helped the dignitary position his penis appropriately and lowered the female's perch so that her vagina would be aligned at the appropriate height. She crooned with pleasure as the dignitary eagerly thrust his cock into her to the hilt. His balls weren't as developed as a breeder’s, but all the same, the thick hard cock gave the female great pleasure. He held onto her legs at their juncture with her hips and pulled himself deeply into each thrust, letting his heavy ball sack slap into her. 

The breeding male was still pumping his female on the perch next to the dignitary and they shared a moment of comradery. The breeding male had a head start though, and he was about finished. His female was on the brink of convulsing with an orgasm and the male was trying to let her have her pleasure before he ejaculated his load into her. He was straining somewhat with the stress of not cumming too quickly. But eventually he started to jackhammer her ass--emitting a slapping sound with each thrust and with a final deep thrust held himself tight to her, just as she screamed with her own orgasm. He grunted and moaned as well, then thrust himself in again with another ejaculation. He ejaculated several more times--deep in her womb, the way he was trained to do, and then with the assistance of the attendant, stepped back a bit and began to disengage from her. The front of his pelvis was red with the cream that coated her buttocks, marking her for fertilization, and he wore it with pride as he groggily walked out of the room, his glistening wet penis still somewhat hard and jutting from his lean pelvis. He was led to a hot tub for a soak, a massage and a nap in the sleep chamber. 

The fertilized female's vagina was plugged with a sort of cork that was held in place by a thong-like band, and then her buttocks were coated with a pink cream, to indicate she had been bred once and was ready for another session of impregnation. Fertile females were fucked hourly over a period of 24 hours at the peak of their readiness. The dignitary ramming the female next to her was just about to cum himself. He asked the attendant if it was all right to ejaculate in the female and he said that it was all right. She wasn't ovulating right now. So that dignitary rammed her hard--fucking her with all his might, thrusting deep and hard until he soon shot his load deep into her. He bent over her buttocks after his orgasm to rest a moment before withdrawing his penis from her, and was assisted by the attendant. 

The female hadn't had an orgasm yet and was wriggling with slight frustration, so a second dignitary volunteered to finish the job. He disrobed himself and “stepped up to the plate.” He enjoyed the sight of the female being milked--her milk spraying rhythmically and freely into the trough of frothy white steamy liquid. She was moaning and anxious for her vagina to be filled again with some thrusting cock, so after the attendant adjusted the height of her perch, she gladly welcomed the firm thrusts of the second dignitary's cock. She was sloppy from the first man's cum, but still tight and the dignitary sighed with pleasure as he squeezed into her depth. He, too, held on to the juncture of her hips and thighs and forced each thrust to take her deeply--ramming her cervix and letting his balls slap against her with each thrust. As the sensuous music pulsated through the room, he pumped in time to the beat and felt like a warrior in a rainforest fucking his female in a tribal ritual around a campfire. 

It wasn't long before the female was nearing orgasm and started moaning and wailing with the ecstasy of her release. The dignitary enjoyed the newness of his penetration and worked her hard through her orgasm--wringing every last response out of her. Finally, he too was ready to burst and with a final fury of thrusts, fucked her hard and deep and fast and unloaded his own semen into her. He lay exhausted for a moment over the buttocks of the female to recoup from his exertions and then was assisted by the attendant in disengaging from her and stepping back. The rest of the group enjoyed the sight of the two loads of cum dripping from her still-gaping vagina. The attendant, soon though, was gently massaging her vaginal opening and easing her down from the experience while her milking session continued. He then gently reinserted the vibrating dildo until she was ready to be dismounted from the perch.

The dignitaries looked around the room and at once saw all the different stages of milking going on--new females being brought in, finished females being dismounted, females being pumped by breeding males, females in orgasm, females being marked with red cream, then marked with pink cream. Engorged spraying breasts being guided into the milking funnels, pink tips protruding through the funnel openings spraying milk into the trough, wriggling asses dripping with juices, dildos being inserted into vaginas, dials being adjusted and monitored, dildos being removed--it was a fantastic sight. 
