 The Governor loved to run her fingers through the field of springy dark curls that carpeted the champion's chest. She continued to milk his cock with her inner muscles, while he drew strongly at her nipples. She could feel his cock getting harder and his balls engorging again. He started to thrust easily into her, bringing her to an agitated state of excitement that hung just below orgasm. He held her tightly, so that she was forced to remain at the pace he set. She begged him to fuck her faster and harder, but he continued his easy pace, massaging her clit with the firm base of his cock with each stroke. The Governor was quaking with tremors—her legs felt boneless, yet they were on fire with the excitement that was building as the champion worked her pussy mercilessly. She was nearly senseless with need—she hung her head, letting her forehead rest on the pillow of his manly chest. He bent his head forward as well, whispering hotly in her ear about how wet and tight she felt, how deep he was ramming his cock into her, how silky her skin felt as he ran his hands up and down her smooth back and sides, massaging the bulge of her breasts, how he wanted to fill her again with his bountiful seed and impregnate her, watch her belly swell from his impregnation of her and with that, she raised her head—met his eyes with a glassy look and joined him in a deep kiss, as deep, it seemed, as his cock was penetrating her. 

She wriggled on his staff—letting her engorged pussy lips kiss the base of his cock and balls. Her breasts madly massaged his chest, the nipples so aroused by the roughness there. She was frantic with need. He broke the kiss and whispered in her ear, “Easy, love, we’re almost there.” She rubbed her cheek through the roughness of his chest hair and latched on to one of his manly nipples, which immediately hardened, working it strongly with her lips—drawing it firmly into her mouth and sucking it with the same rhythm of his more forceful thrusts. He reared his head back in ecstasy, shouting a rough cry of pleasure and shifted into high speed, bucking his hips to steadily fuck the Governor at full force. She rode him, clinging for dear life to his torso with her legs and arms—still latched on to his nipple, which seemed to drive him wild with excitement. 

The warm water of the hot tub churned with their activity. His thrusts were bucking her up and down and then he grabbed her thighs where they met her hips and held her down on his lap for his final thrust that shot his load deep into her womb like a cannon. He closed his eyes and shouted an animal-like cry that signaled his eruption, and the Governor’s pussy exploded as well—she wriggled on his rock hard pole as best she could, given the champion’s firm hold on her hips that fastened her deep onto his staff—gasping and moaning with her release. She bit his nipple then and he cupped her buttocks and spread them wide—forcing his rod deeper into her—hitting her cervix with a force that could be felt in her lungs. After the fury of their releases, they clung to one another in the warm water of the hot tub, the Governor resting her cheek on his chest and the champion resting his head at her temple. He petted her back, easing her down from her climax with soft reassuring murmurs and hums in her ear, which he nibbled at as well—licking the edge and sucking on the lobe.

After a short rest, the champion, with the Governor still locked around his cock, rose out of the tub and was assisted by two attendants who wrapped the Governor in place on the champion with a continuous length of soft gauzy white fabric, leaving the champion’s legs free to walk, but completely encasing the joined lower torsos of the Governor and champion in a cocoon of gauze. From the waist up they were free, but their joined pelvises were firmly wrapped in union, including the Governor’s legs, wrapped around the waist of the champion. When the wrapping was complete, the champion was guided to a hammock where they could rock comfortably in such a state. He loved the feeling of the Governor’s pussy, so soft and wet and hot—massaging his penetrating cock with each step as he walked with her wrapped firmly to him, and then as they swung leisurely in the hammock. They enjoyed the soothing sound of restful music and slept for the rest of the afternoon.