 The next day was a day of rest for the colony. Males and females met at sunrise to celebrate life. The females stood in a circle around a large round altar, that incorporated a beautiful fountain at its center. The males stood in a circle behind the females. The perimeter of the space was lined with mirrors that focused light upon the crystal water spraying from the central fountain, making rainbows fill the room, much like a kaleidescope turns an image into a riot of patterns. As a steady drum beat began to pulse within the room, the naked females joined hands, raising their swollen breasts with jutting nipples proudly. As the drum beat increased in intensity, they started to sway and dip to the music, and most experienced their milk letting down—weighting their lobes—and dripping and spraying began. Their firm round buttocks were glistening, some with clear oil, some with pink cream and some with red cream. As they began to circle the altar raising and lowering their linked hands, their buttocks gyrated sensually. Many females closed their eyes in ecstasy as they felt their pussy lips engorge and their vaginas begin to moisten and drip. They loved the feel of their swollen labia rubbing together as they danced.

The males in the circle behind them loved to see the sensuous gyrations of the females buttocks as they danced and the sight of their firm, engorged tits near bursting with milk. Their cocks began to engorge, springing to erection. They joined hands as well, and danced to the beat of the drums, circling the altar in the opposite direction from the females. It was a wonderful sight—like the intricate workings of a clock in a bell tower. Jutting cocks, jutting nipples.

The music changed a little and the females stepped forward to the altar, conveniently the height of the average female’s hip joints, and bent forward, exposing their swollen dripping labia to the circle of males behind them. Each female placed her hands palm up to cup one firm breast of her neighbor, as she laid upon the altar. The circle of males then encroached upon the females, and still holding hands, they let the heads of their swollen cocks penetrate the vaginal lips of the females in front of them. As the drum beat guided them, they stepped back from the females, then penetrated them again, this time sliding in about half way. Again the drum beat guided them to step back and disengage, before once again stepping up to penetrate the female fully—ramming her cervix and feeling his balls pressed firmly into her pussy lips. The males then fucked the females together in rhythm to the drum beat—thrusting deeply in unison around the circle. The females massaged the full milky lobes of their sisters, that filled their hands, wriggling their hips with pleasure and moaning softly. 

The drum beat guided the males to thrust rhythmically for eight strokes and then step back and circle to the right for eight steps, putting each male in line with a different female. The beat guided them to once again let their bulbous cock heads just penetrate the swollen vaginal lips of this new female, then step back, repenetrate about half way, then rear back and fuck fully for eight strokes. The females loved the feel of the different cock each time—all so wonderfully engorged. The sight of the male circle pressed up against the exposed asses of the female circle, tightening their buttocks, flexing and thrusting in concert was truly a wondrous sight. 

Again and again, the drum beat would guide the males to thrust and then shift. At first the shifting was quicker—8 thrusts into one female, 8 thrusts into the next female, until each male had fucked 8 different females. Then the music intensified and each male stayed with the female in front of him for 12 thrusts before shifting, then 16, until the speed of the beat had them pistoning together into the females like a fine-tuned engine. The slapping sound of their pelvises thrusting together added to the percussion of the music, as did the moaning of the females and the grunting of the males.

Females were wildly massaging their sisters’ tits, in concert with their own being massaged by the female on either side. As the music became more frantic and wild, the males stayed with the female they were now fucking in earnest and let go of hands to grab the asses of the females they were fucking. They rammed their females with wild abandon to the frenzy of percussion in the air—females started to gasp and scream in ecstasy. Shouts of, “O gawwwddd, o gawwwwd,” could be heard over and over from about half the females, while the other half were more inclined to chant, “yes, yes yeeesss….” The males were shouting animal-like grunts. The sound of females wailing in ecstasy as they climaxed, spurred the males on to orgasm—they began shooting their loads into the females—tightening their buttocks and thrusting as deeply as possible, pulling the female’s ass back into their pelvis. When they had pumped their last loads of jizz into the female, they leaned over her and rested for a few moments, sliding their hands under the hands of the neighboring females massaging his female’s breasts and adding his strength to the action. Enjoying the spraying and dripping of her milk.

When every male was resting on the back of the female he had fucked, the music became tranquil for a few minutes before gradually picking up a steady driving beat again.

The males helped their females stand upright, slipped their cocks out of their sloppy wet cunts and noticed how all the females buttock coatings had been compromised—every ass was a pinkish color and jizz was freely dripping down the inner thighs of all the females. The males pelvises were all that same pinkish color, their slightly relaxed cocks shiny and slick with the female’s juices and their own jizz. As the females stood up again, their milky lobes were dripping profusely or spraying freely, their hands all milky and wet. The altar was a milky mess.

As the music began to pick up pace again, the females again joined hands—this time with a more slippery grip, and danced again, letting the jizz drip from their cunts onto the floor. They could feel the slipperiness on the floor as they moved in the circle in front of the males. They turned and faced outward—a circle of spraying milk arced out towards the outer circle. The men joined hands again and circled in a direction countering the females—their cocks bouncing to the rhythm of the music. The music changed again and the females hoisted themselves to sit on the edge of the circular altar behind them. The male circle then stepped forward and each male pulled the female facing him so that her labia were just off the edge of the altar and he stepped between her spread thighs and positioned the head of his cock to just press into her thick pussy lips. He danced with the head of his cock in that spot—not letting it penetrate deeper, but not disengaging from contact with the female. The beat grew more wild and urged each male to penetrate the female about half way. Then he would pull out to where just the head was being held by her engorged labia, and then en masse, to the beat of the music they all rammed their females to the hilt, with a concerted shout. 

They began to thrust to the beat of the music again, 8 stokes, then stepped back, circled for 8 beats and then stepped between the open thighs of another female and fucked her for 8 strokes, again and again, following the same pattern as before. With the females spraying breasts facing the males this time, squishing could be heard as flesh rubbed against flesh, cum from the previous circle fuck made the second one even wetter. As the males pulled out each time, strings of semen draped between the female’s pussy and the tip of his cock, until the distance broke the tension and he moved on to a different cum-filled pussy. As the music changed again, the females laid back on the altar and the males leaned forward to suck their female’s left nipple. They thrust and sucked in unison, keeping to the pulse set by the music. The music changed again and the males sucked their female’s right nipple. Eventually, the music became chaotic again, driving the males to a frenzy of fucking and sucking. Females raised their legs into the air, some wrapped their legs around the waist of the male fucking them. Again, “O gawwwwds” and “yesssssss” as well as slapping and squishing and moaning and wailing and grunting filled the air as each mating pair climaxed. 

The males crawled onto the altar this time, when they finished fucking, cradling their females, letting each rest her head on the pillow of his shoulder, while he massaged her swollen milky breasts. It was a wonderful sight to see, all the exhausted, cum and milk-drenched flesh, tangles of legs, spent cocks, flopping milky lobes, groping hands, toes playfully caressing neighboring feet. The sight reflected in the multi-faceted mirrors that encircled the room and the play of rainbows made it a wondrous place to be. The music changed to a tranquil mood, and eventually they all slept, the warm sun shining on their glistening skin. 

After a period of rest, the fountain at the center of the altar increased in size and became a shower for the congregation to bathe in. They began to stand and dance in the shower, letting the spray rinse away the sticky fluids of their morning fuckfest. When the fountain receded the clean males and females got down from the altar and processed out of the sacred area to where a nice brunch had been set out. The day of rest was off to a great start.