 This is part twelve of our story. Reading previous chapters will help you to get to know Christine, Peter, Madeline, Sid, and Shan better. We join our story in progress. Peter is an immortal, and Christine will face danger from his world if they remain together. They travel to Peter's island retreat/fortress, Sesamus, for her training, where Christine meets Peter's friend Sid and another immortal, Shan. There they spend a month training and conditioning, and finally, fucking...

*****

Madeline arrived the next day, and kissed Christine sweetly on each cheek while regarding Shan coldly. Apparently another young, fit, sexy immortal competing for Peter's attentions was not something that sat well with her. Nevertheless, there wasn't a whole lot she could do about it. She greeted Sid like an old comrade in arms as he lifted her off the ground and set her back down. They all had a lot of history together, it appeared. Christine remembered that for them, it was a very small world indeed. Madeline, it seemed, was even more of a gun and blade expert than Sid, and she explained that she wanted to do all she could to help. Christine sensed that this desire was genuine, but that her ulterior motive was to demonstrate to Peter that she was being a team player. Madeline was likely playing a very long game indeed.

Training began again the next day. They spent a surprising amount of time on gun safety, then moved on to stationary shooting, firing from cover, target choice, different positions, and moving targets, all over the course of several weeks. They learned about different types of pistols and ammo, and then gained a familiarity with other types of guns, at least on the operational level. Their work with knives was not limited to blades, but basically anything at your disposal with which you could injure someone. Madeline could walk into a room and know roughly 30 ways to kill you using the objects it contained. It was definitely scary stuff for Christine, who felt like a fragile china doll amongst a herd of bulls. Meanwhile, Sid continued their training in self defense techniques. Now that they had built the requisite core strength and endurance, he began taking them through various scenarios and how they would respond in each. He taught them only one or two different fighting styles and their practical uses, not wanting to overwhelm them with a lot they would never use.

Christine acquitted herself well in all regards. It helped that Madeline was patient with her. The same could not be said for Shan, at first. Madeline did her best to ignore her as much as possible, offering neither praise nor scorn. After Peter took notice and mentioned something to Madeline, she softened slightly, and began working with Shan a bit more. All he had to say was "Someone helped you once." Still, Christine took it upon herself to spend extra time on the range with Shan, until they were both making good progress. Shan was sure to show her appreciation to Christine and Peter on a regular basis.

A month or so had passed, and with no rules or restrictions, the 5 permanent residents of the villa explored nearly every sexual configuration possible. Shan was often the odd person out where Madeline was concerned, but she had no problem finding a rigid cock or a soft tongue when she needed one. Time flew for the most part, and it wasn't for another 6 weeks or so that Christine's thoughts wandered to when she would be able to get on with her life with Peter, and leave the island, as lovely as she found it. 

While she began to fear she would be spending an indefinite amount of time at Sesamus, fate intervened. She was with Shan in the dojo, practicing the use of throwing knives, when Sid and Peter entered.

Peter explained "Madeline, Sid, and I need to take a bit of a trip. We could be gone a few days, or significantly longer, depending on what we find. One trip could turn into two."

"Back up there, mister. The days of not giving me all the facts about something like this are over. What's going on?" Christine assumed the position of hands on hips.

Peter knew this wouldn't go over well, but there was no going back. There hadn't been since their wedding day, when it came right down to it.

"We've received a message from Didaskalos. That's what we call him anyway. We're not really sure he has a name that he remembers, but it's good enough. He asked that we come to the Library, where we house the history of our people, and the secret history of your world."

"Whoa, and why aren't Shan and I coming?"

"Shan could come. As a mortal, you would not be welcome, though there isn't really a rule about such things. It just hasn't been done. We wouldn't want to upset Didaskalos."

"Well, I can't exactly argue with your thousands of years of tradition so I guess I am shit out of luck. What's so important?"

"From time to time, those of us who have sealed away some of the more infamous of our race check up on them. Ensure that everything is secure. One of them...found something...when checking on one of the prisoners. The prisoner is secure, but they want to meet at the Library to discuss what they found. If Sid and I hear something that would give us cause for concern, we might have to see for ourselves. That's all. Given the restrictions on travel to the Library, and the potential danger in visiting the prisoner, we felt that you would have to remain here."

Christine sighed. "I thought there was no Secret Society? No club meetings? Sure sounds like maybe there are."

"Maybe there are, but just a bit when they're needed." Sid offered, and laughed. 

"Peter, I need to get out of here, and so does Shan. We've been working so hard now for almost the entire summer and just need a break. I assume Shan wants to go ahead and see this Library of your people. Maybe I could just...wait outside for that part of it? Where are you headed anyway?"

"Alexandria. Egypt. And it seems okay that you come along, especially if everyone is leaving here. But traveling to where the prisoner is held just couldn't happen if it came to that. That secret is held only by those that imprison them."

"That sounds fair enough. So you have a Library in Alexandria? Where the most famous library of antiquity was, and was destroyed? I'm sure you're going to tell me next that the library wasn't really destroyed."

"Oh it was. It was burnt to the ground with Didaskalos in it. But he survived of course, and Alexandria had been his home for some time. In many ways, that's why the famous library was there to begin with. Our history was stored in a separate and secret vault that was unharmed. The manuscripts were moved to a more secure location after the libraries' destruction, and preserved ever since. You will see the newly constructed Library of Alexandria when we arrive. Our vault and meeting place is located deep within. And, there's one more thing you should know, if you're coming."

"And that is?"

"It was only a matter of time before you met her, but Cassandra is the individual who has called the meeting. You may be bumping into her. She and Madeline hate each other with a passion, so she may ignore you entirely, but with all of us there, she would never try anything."

"You really think she wants to KILL me? That is pretty extreme. Even in the worst case scenario, I won't be around long enough to be a problem for her. Why does she care?"

"It would be more to hurt me, I would think." Peter explained, "She and I were together for a time, but not like Madeline and I. I haven't been with Cassandra in a very long while, before Madeline, and sometimes she is very bitter about that. She hates Madeline because she will probably always feel like she stole me away from her. You would just be collateral damage. She would probably be offended that I had revealed so much to you, and would likely blame that on Madeline as well. On her forcing my hand where you were concerned. If she knew, that is. Finally, she's not a big fan of your kind."

"Of my kind? Cubs fans, I suppose?"

"Of humanity. She falls more on the end of the spectrum that would suggest that she no longer trusts humans to manage their own affairs."

"You're really doing a great job, picking women, Peter. Not sure what that makes me think about myself if you have such poor judgment!"

Sid laughed. He tried to jump in and help, "You are so different than many of his other women, and are a lot better for him, believe me."

"You're a sweetheart, Sid. You really are. My husband is lucky he has you to defend him!"

"I am lucky at that, to have him as a friend, and you as a wife. We should be in Alexandria tomorrow so let's get ready and get out of here. I know that will be music to your ears."

Christine was surprised that the new Library in Alexandria was so modern, but it was massive and a feast for the eyes as far as architecture was concerned. This pleased her because she would have to find something to occupy her time while all the others were able to proceed deeper and beyond the point at which mere mortals could travel to. They arrived and were met by a high level library administrator. He seemed to know only that there was a special section that only certain VIP's were allowed access to, and that they were the VIP's. He ushered them in and let them know immediately that Christine would be able to travel with them deeper into the facility, all the way to the Library itself, and that she was fully cleared for access. All were stunned, but Peter most of all. The administrator had few details, but said only that she had been added to the approved list of visitors earlier that morning.

They passed two rather high tech and highly guarded checkpoints, before taking an elevator down to the lower levels. At this point, the administrator confirmed that they all knew how to manage the rest of the trip, and bid them farewell as his own clearance did not allow him further access. They pressed on, through well lit but empty hallways, until they reached another elevator. This time it shuttled them horizontally instead of vertically, and after a few minutes of high speed elevator travel, the doors opened to, what Christine quickly realized, were more ancient tunnels.

"We are at the site of one of the original library vaults. All our materials were moved to this location after the ancient library was burned. Didaskalos also has his own private chambers here. This place is, literally, his life. You'll understand in a moment, but in essence, he cannot travel, at least not easily. He did not experience immortality until he was already at a very advanced age, and while he is sturdy, he isn't exactly mobile. As for his sudden interest in you, my dear, I have no idea. Let's be on guard a bit."

The passage widened at a stone arch, leading into a large chamber. It was cool and dry, kept so either by unseen technology, or just the natural characteristics of the space. The first chamber was clearly one of many. It reminded Christine of a museum, with large rooms displaying ancient artifacts. As she looked around, she realized that she had no sense of the scale, as they were underground. Large room, followed by large room is all she saw. It might have gone on forever, just like its subjects. Tablets, murals, scrolls, modern books all sometimes co-existed in one room.

"How is it organized?" she wondered aloud.

"Each of us...has a room dedicated to our history...our families, our impact on world events, everything. It makes some of us...uncomfortable. For others, it is a source of pride, and of ego. It just depends who you are."

So there are hundreds of rooms then?" Shan asked.

"Not quite. Some of us are not so ancient, and some have kept both their whereabouts and activities...lower key. There are certainly those amongst us who do NOT believe we should be the fathers and mothers of history, but rather silent observers, with as little impact as possible. Honestly, there are as many factions as there are immortals. We all tend to keep our own counsel on how to live our lives. You will learn this, Shan, and decide for yourself what makes the most sense for you. That said, Didaskalos strives to keep track of what is known. He also tends to be quite a gossip, isn't that right?" Peter asked, as a robed figure descended some stairs slowly from an unseen upper chamber.

"Yes. Quite right. Quite right. What are you calling yourself these days? Peter, yes? And you've brought others. Isidro of course. Madeline. And the newest of us...Shan Shan. It is very good to meet you, dear." Didaskalos spoke very slowly. Peter hadn't been kidding. He was extremely advanced in age. Christine would guess he appeared 90 years old at least but couldn't be sure. He had small wisps of white hair, but was almost completely bald, with nearly unseen eyebrows as well. He was very dark considering his subterranean lifestyle, and looked emaciated. She was surprised that he spoke English, or could speak at all, but the acoustics of the room were favorable and allowed him to be heard despite his quiet whisper of a voice. She would have thought of him more as an aged vulture than anything else. He had not yet acknowledged her, and she felt like her mere presence in this place was in question, so she held her tongue and waited for this all to play out.

Madeline stepped forward and took him in her arms, giving him a kiss on each hollowed wrinkled cheek. He smiled thinly. Christine had never seen a beautiful French girl kiss a walking skeleton before, but she was getting used to the unexpected.

"So you have come," Didaskalos began, "though you may not be pleased with what you will hear. Still, it is not for me to judge, only to observe and remember. It is Cassandra you have come to hear, and speak with."

Peter knew by instinct where she could be found. They began a long walk, to rooms that shielded some of the most closely guarded secrets of humanity from view. Didaskalos shuffled along with them, and by virtue of politeness they moved slowly through each room. Christine caught glimpses of critical events in human history, and of possible Immortals, possible offspring, that had played a role. She was making mental notes as she went, with questions to pose to Peter, Isidro, or whoever would answer later on. She quickly lost track of many questions as the weight of history became overwhelming. Her curiosity gave way to a sinking terror. These Immortals, their impact on human events, appeared vast. She began to feel as though nothing she had known was true anymore. 

The group arrived at a massive hall and stopped. It was the size of a long museum gallery, and would have been right at home at the Louvre. Peter turned to Christine and whispered into her ear "Please, whatever you see while we're here, give me a chance to explain later." 

It was his room. She knew immediately from a bust of the man she had been married to for years, but knew not at all. The bust was ancient, and of museum quality. He appeared as a king, or ruler of some type. Next to it was the bust of a woman she did not recognize. The rest of the hall contained both manuscripts and artifacts from all the history of humankind. Much of it was illegible to Christine. Her mind flashed back to the vase she obliterated in their apartment. She wondered what it had meant to Peter in a past life. There were also pictures of men and women she didn't recognize, clearly some sons, daughters, lovers, and friends. 

As they moved through the hall she saw that a woman awaited them in its center. Her most recognizable feature was her flowing red hair, not quite aflame in the dim light, but dark and full, with thick curls. She appeared at least Peter's age, if not slightly older, but was extremely well kept. Her pale skin was nearly luminescent, and as they drew closer she appeared to have blue or green eyes, Christine could not be sure. She was tall at perhaps 5'10" but not overly so. She appeared very attractive but severe, Christine thought, like a college professor without a softer side. The reality is that she carried herself like a queen, which she very well might have been. She was the woman whose bust sat next to Peter's. 

"It's so good to see you, Cassandra. I wish it was under less formal circumstances."

"Magnus Pietro, it would be if you hadn't spent a century avoiding me. Still, it is good to see you, even if it is a little crowded in here. I see you've brought your little bitch with you."

At first, Christine's face flushed, and she readied for a fight, but she realized Cassandra wasn't referring to her. Instead, she was glaring at Madeline, who Cassandra believed was her true rival in the room. Cassandra hadn't even acknowledged Christine's presence. 

"Yes, his little bitch is here with him." Madeline replied sweetly. He had me from behind only recently. I am always happy to be his bitch."

Cassandra was disgusted with this little tart, and didn't disguise it, but moved on to the business at hand. "Yes, I'm sure. Pietro always enjoyed having the servants. Nevertheless, why don't you shut your pretty face and let the adults speak now."

"Cassandra, please, it's no secret we all don't exactly get along. Just say what you asked me here to say. You know they have telephones now."

"Yes, and they have devices to overhear those conversations. I think not. In any event, you know I have been to see Alaric. He is imprisoned, his bonds are fastened, as always, but that is the second thing I wish to speak of. The first is what he had to say."

"You...spoke to him? That is never wise." Peter was clearly uneasy. 

"Perhaps, but I no longer feel as I did. Yes, I have spoken with him in my recent visits. The world is not the same as it was, and I felt he deserved to know. We were, after all, friends for a very long time before his fall. In any event, his long imprisonment has given him clarity of thought and vision. I no longer think he is the same man we locked away."

"So you have come to appeal for his freedom?"

"That is beside the point. What is important is what he seems to know now. What he seems to remember."

"What? What does he remember?"

"He says he remembers everything."