 CHAPTER 21: LUST

A loud argument outside causes her to jerk awake. For a moment she believes she is back in her carriage, in the forest all alone, her happiness just a distant dream until she feels Rick's hand wrapped around hers, their fingers entwined. He still holds her tight but loosens his grip when the front door bursts open. Though she doesn't want to, Mora forces herself to stand up and lean against the table; she is slightly embarrassed at being seen in such a private moment. Several people burst into the bar, none seeing the two lovers' embrace.

"Unhand me you sorry excuse for a woman! I tell you what, it is no wonder the sun avoids shining on this awful country—everyone would be forced to see exactly what Sceduian women have to offer!" A familiar, rough voice calls out.

"Oh shut it, don't be sore about being beaten by a lady," James taunts the man.

Sari, clearly irritated, shoves the bound man to the ground, "This coward says he knows Mora."

His hands tied behind his back, he rolls to his side so he can shout at Sari, "I am not a coward! That horse would not stop, I tell you...and even if it did, it isn't like I wanted to recall my last encounter with your kind!" The familiar voice comes from Franklin.

Mora walks swiftly over to him, determined despite her dizziness. She is forced to brace herself on passing chairs for support. She kneels down to the man, quickly untying his ropes despite Sari's objections. When Franklin sees Mora he sits up enough to raise his left knee where he rests his forehead, right hand on his heart, left hand in a fist on the ground, "I'm sorry, Princess Namora, I didn't think these heathens would actually take me to you. Please excuse my outburst."

She laughs, glad to see her old friend. She holds his shoulders, taking a look at his healing eye, "You should be kinder to Sari, she isn't as nice as I am."

Franklin sits up, mumbling, "If that is what the Sceaduians call a woman it is no wonder the Queen wanted you to stay here for a while. Perhaps she wanted someone civilized to talk to," he directs his statement to Sari.

Mora smiles, touching his cheek to draw his attention back to her, "Why are you here, Captain? Surely by now, you must realize that crossing the Sceaduian border isn't without risk..." She is glad to see a familiar face.

"I came to give you this," he pulls a letter from his pocket, "I meant only to stop at the border and wait to pass it off to a Warden but that damned beast of yours refused to stop!" He folds his legs in front of him, sitting before Mora as he waves his arms to emphasize his story, "Every day he has been waiting at the western most part of the royal pasture because he knows that you're out there somewhere. Advisor Laren told me I must get this to you quickly and as soon I as mounted that thing you call a horse he took off and wouldn't stop, no matter how hard I tried. He blew past the border, past those three and kept running. It was like he smelled you out, damned dog."

Mora takes the letter from Franklin. She opens it, immediately recognizing Laren's handwriting. As she reads, the smile begins to fade from her face. The sun rises high in the sky, looking for the brush tiger nearby. Not knowing the tiger has been slain, it grows restless with disdain. In distant land beyond yonder hill, upon the morrow the sun will rise feigning sorrow. Shall time pass it by, where they meet, eye to eye?

She sits back on her heels, clearly shocked. Franklin gently touches her arm to get her attention, "Princess, is everything alright? What did it say?"

"Nothing good. I need a piece of paper, something to write with..." Franklin pulls both out of his pocket and hands it to Mora. She stands, taking them to the nearest table where she places both in front of her. Sitting with her hands resting in her lap, she inhales and exhales slowly, her mind now wide awake with the news. It takes her a few minutes to come up with a response. Rick picks up Laren's letter from the table next to her; he reads it. As the worry begins to cross his face, he reads her composition over her shoulder as she writes. 

Time waits for none, but the tiger and so it shall, nowhere near the fire. Hunter with tiger pelt will greet, beyond yonder hill the sun they meet. Together no stone will be left unturned, the sun will set, never to return.

Mora folds the note. Rising, she walks back to her friend and hands it to him. As Rick comes over to join her, she reaches over and takes his hand. She quickly kneels down before him. She closes her eyes and presses the back of his hand to her lips. Everyone looks at her with surprise, though none more than Rick. Taking a deep breath, she looks up at him, still holding him tight.

"Prince Varickan," she starts, unsure of how to continue, "I understand the customs of your country but I am asking that you pardon Captain Franklin and set him free as I need him to deliver my message. In return, I offer you the remaining years of my life, should you desire them."

"Prince!" Franklin exclaims under his breath, "This place only gets odder."

Rick's brow crinkles together. He cups Mora's face in his hands, smiling sadly at her. He pulls her up and into a standing position. Letting her face go, he wraps his arms around her waist so that he can draw her close. His forehead rests against hers, speaking in that tender, private tone, "I desperately desire all of the years of your life but it is worth more than you ask. I wish only to honestly earn your affections. Captain Franklin is pardoned; he is allowed to move freely between our borders as necessary."

She closes her eyes; wishing to lean in, to melt into Rick yet she restrains herself. She smiles at him, "Thank you."

Turning back to everyone, she fidgets with her vest awkwardly; she can feel herself blush, "Captain Franklin, if you would be so kind as to take that message to Advisor Laren..."

He bows, chuckling, "Amyee will be pleased by this." When he rises, he gets an over exaggerated look of aggravation on his face, "You must come and assure that monster that you are fine or he will never leave."

Outside, Jacob hesitantly holds on to the very end of Graystar's reins, obviously terrified of the animal. The horse paws the ground angrily, huffing with impatience. As soon as he sees Mora he lets out a loud whinny and jumps up onto the boardwalk in front of the tavern. She rests her cheek against his forehead, rubbing his chin and whispering to him softly. Standing next to him, his size makes her seem like a child. She tugs playfully on one of his ears before standing back; the demeanor of the animal has completely calmed and he waits patiently like an old mule for Franklin to mount.

As Franklin climbs upon the beast, he offers Mora a small smile, clearly pleased that she has finally found a match. His smile fades when he looks to Rick; straightening up in the saddle, he attempts to threaten the man, "I hope that you realize how much Derven loves its Princess. Should you hurt her, in any way..." he shakes his head at the idea, "hundreds of men will be after you, but they will arrive only to find your body torn to shreds by a herd of frightening women, led by my Amyee. Tread carefully, Prince Varickan, we are not a people to be messed with."

Greystar turns and begins to trot back to the woods; Daniel and James escort him, leaving Sari behind. Rick looks at Mora, unnerved by his threat but managing a grin, "Are all women of Derven as angry as you?"

She smiles, appreciative of the brotherly love that Franklin has developed for her, "Oh yes. And all of them fight almost as well as I do."

His smile fades, "You aren't going to tell them I broke your shoulder, are you?"

She laughs, "If I do, I'll make it clear that I almost killed you after that."

Once the horses turn off the main thoroughfare and to the road that leaves to the border, Sari begins to bicker, "I can't imagine that any woman would subject themselves to his company—this Amyee, is she his wife?"

"No, Amyee is his sister," she turns from the road to her friend.

"Poor girl," Sari says.

Winking at her, Mora smiles, "I think he likes you, Sari."

"What! Did you see how he talked to me? I can't imagine a dog would ever like that man..."

Rick tucks Mora's arm under his and leads her back into the tavern. The three sit around a table, joined by Todd and a bottle of wine. Mora drinks from her glass slowly. She finds that she likes the taste, even if it comes from a sacrifice-nourished tree hidden in a cave. Rick remains seated next to her, his chair pulled up close so that he can lean his arm over her arm rest to hold her hand; he rubs the back of it idly with his thumb. Unable to stop herself, Mora leans towards him, resting her head on his shoulder. She no longer feels ashamed at their display of affection; their companions seem just as happy for them as they are. 

Sari reads Laren's letter. Her eyes narrow, mouth forming the words but not speaking them. Frustration grows on her face and after trying to figure it out for a while, she gives up, "Out with it then, what does it mean?"

Using his free hand, Rick plays with the bottom of his wine glass, "I think it means that King Irron plans on meeting Mora tomorrow. Doesn't sound like he's too happy, either—am I right?"

She nods her head against him, not to thrilled about seeing Irron again, "It sounds like Laren caught wind of it. I'm guessing that King Irron thinks my father was forced into it by Queen Sheynne and that it was against my will, so he wants to meet with me. Probably to assure me of his undying love or to declare war in my name. Laren wanted to know if he should tell my father."

Todd fills her glass again, "And what did you say back?"

Rick looks down at Mora, trying to see her face but he can't because she's so close, "You told him not to tell your father until it was too late, right? I don't think I quite understood the rest of it, though..."

She knows he's lying but she affirms his suspicions, "I told Laren that you would take me to meet King Irron and that I would tell him where my heart has led me. However I don't think that it will end peacefully and no matter what happens it will most likely start a war."

Lucas busts through the tavern door, out of breath like he ran from the castle, "Queen Sheynne sends word that King Irron demands to see the Princess, in the Meadow tomorrow evening. She has sent word to the General to prepare for war," he swiftly walks over to Rick and the others, dropping his voice even though they are alone, "She has asked me to ride to Geofen. The Queen wishes for me to bring Prince Phillip to the neutral ground but keep him out of sight so that he may see the true nature of King Irron. I don't know why but she thinks that if he sees Mora tell Irron the engagement is off, that they will side with Sceadu. She said," he shifts uncomfortably, looking at Rick, "that she would like Prince Varickan to accompany her and Mora to the border tomorrow."

Mora suspicions are affirmed. Queen Sheynne was hoping that Mora's presence would spur Rick to claim his place as Prince and that they would fall in love. She now knows that because the Queen asked her father to simply give them the opportunity, not demand or threaten like King Irron, that he complied. She doesn't, however, understand what path her father means for her to travel so that everyone can 'rest in peace.'

"Yes, the Prince shall accompany them," Rick replies. He squeezes Mora's hand.

As Lucas begins to leave, Daniel and James come back. They walk into the bar, the look of disbelief on their faces. James speaks first, "That Captain Franklin of yours," he says to Mora, "I hope that all men of Derven aren't as..." he doesn't even know what to say. He throws his arms up, looking to Daniel for help.

"I think he likes Sari," Daniel spits out.

"What?!" Sari shrieks; despite her attempt to look disgusted, her face turns bright red.

Daniel and James sit down; seeing Sari's face they continue with the full intent of embarrassing her, "Oh you should have heard that man!" Their faces crinkle with a disapproving look and they attempt to mimic Franklin's gruff voice, "Does she have a husband?"

"Is she seeing anyone?"

"What does she like to do?"

"I bet a woman like her has to be so strong in order to beat down all of her suitors."

Sari, grinning uncontrollably, buries her embarrassed face in her hands. Lucas, Daniel, James and even Rick can't help but snicker at her expense. She peeks out at Mora, looking for help.

All Mora can do is smile. She loves Franklin like a brother and wouldn't ever approve of anyone less tough than Sari, "I told you so. Ever since I've known that man the more he complains about something the more he likes it. And," Mora adds quietly so that only Sari can hear, "Even though he can beat most men by pure strength alone, he hasn't yet come up with enough cunning to win a fight against his sister or I."

The group of friends tries to laugh and joke, making the best of the ominous situation that the new day brings. Having already accepted Mora as one of them, she begins to open herself up to the idea of having friends who don't care what her title is. The fact that they welcome her and treat her as an equal instead of a superior makes her feel like a true person. As the dawn approaches everyone begins to grow somber, knowing that they will soon be at war. Todd packs a few supplies for Lucas' trip. He reluctantly says good bye, hugging Mora to reassure her that he is glad to have gotten to know her, "Even if you emasculated me in front of everyone when you beat my ass into the ground."

James and Daniel playfully shove her, James saying somewhat apologetically "I'm still not sure who would win, in a fair fight between you and Rick."

"My wager is on you though," Daniel winks.

Mora smiles and says jokingly, "If Rick and I ever were to fight again—and I don't think that we ever will—it would be to the death."

Sari shifts uncomfortably in front of Mora, waiting for Rick to walk Daniel and James out. She avoids her eyes, mumbling, "Do you really think that he likes me? I don't know how that would work, with us living in two different countries and all..."

"Love will always find a way," her reassuring voice captures Sari's attention, "I mean, look at me—I never thought I could love someone but from the moment I saw Rick...I was doomed. And I was engaged to his enemy; I was stuck between a rock and the ground with no way out. But, it found a way and now I am free to give my heart to whom I please." Mora smiles to herself, scarcely able to believe that she has finally found her match.

Sari squeezes her shoulder, now sharing her smile, "We will all ride with you to the border tomorrow." As she walks past Rick to leave the bar, the bounce in her step is noticeable. 

Todd begins to lock up behind her when Mora notices Rick standing only a few feet away; he heard their conversation. "Doomed, huh? From the moment you saw me?" He walks to her, his hands deliberately lingering on her skin as he slides them around her body. He doesn't ask if she needs help, he simply picks her up and cradles her in his arms, walking to the stairs.

She rests her face in his chest, her fingers grasping his shirt tightly, "I wanted to tell you...but I couldn't. I am so sorry that I wasn't honest from the beginning."

"When I first saw you in the castle, standing before me half broken, weak and timid—I knew that there was more to you," his voice softens as he recalls the first day they met, "I knew you would be the end of me. I have known many women but the moment I gazed into your eyes—I was lost to this world. My life could never be complete without you."

As they enter the bedroom, Mora wraps her arms around his neck. He gently lowers her body to the ground behind the screen. His hands wander from her waist, up her sides and arms to her hands, where he unclasps them from behind his head. Still holding on to her hands, he twirls her before him, pressing her back into his chest. Her body is still weak from all the blood she lost and she isn't able to get undressed by herself. She can feel her skin tingle with excitement when his hands wander over her stomach to her vest. His fingers trace the vest's path up to her shoulders, where he takes hold of it to pull it off. With his touch sliding under her shirts and up her back, Mora feels her knees begin to get weak; she leans herself against him after he takes her shirt off. Being a gentleman, Rick slips her night gown onto her, remaining behind her, so he only ever sees her bare back. 

With the gown drifting down her length, Rick crouches behind her so that he can help her with her pants. Mora is forced to turn toward around and lean over his shoulder when her knees finally give out. As he takes liberties with the path his hands follow up to her waist, she lets her own trace their way down his back and latch on to the bottom of his shirt, pulling it up so that she can put her face against his skin. When he gets her pants down, he wraps an arm around her thighs so that he can lift her slightly to pull them off of her feet. After he sets her back down he begins to rise but she doesn't let go of his shirt until she succeeds in pulling it off over his head.

He gathers her up into his arms, letting his face get buried in her hair. Carefully, he sets her down in the bed as he had done for the past four nights when he tended to her shoulder but instead of climbing in after her, he turns and snuffs out the lights. Mora waits and though she finds it hard to hear anything over the pounding in her chest, she knows that he stands in the shadows, unsure what to do.

"Will you lie with me?" She asks the darkness. There is a pause as Rick hesitates. The bed shifts beside her when he climbs in. Large, strong hands find her body and pull her close. She turns to him, drowning his lips with hers. Never before in her life has she felt so safe, so complete. As her hands trace the lines of his chest, she wishes this moment would never end. Rick presses his hand into her lower back trying to melt into her flesh. She forces herself closer, wrapping her leg around his waist.

She can't think of anything she has desired more, anything she has needed so badly before. Her body pulses with passion, voice airy when she tries to catch her breath, "I want you."

"You have me," he whispers, face buried in her neck. His hand slides up her thigh, fervently gripping at her skin. She tries to tug at his pants but their bodies are so entwined she can't free her hands. She bites at his shoulder, frustrated at the listless pace of their passion.

"I want you to take me," she clarifies, surprised by the amount of sternness in her voice. Her ravenous appetite for his body consumes her.

He rolls, turning her onto her back. Though he presses himself against her and his hand wanders from her thigh further up her gown to her ribs, his kisses slow, the frantic desire behind them softening. He continues to hold her tight, but rests his cheek against her chest. She starts to fear that she did something wrong, but his voice, husky with restraint, calms her worries, "Believe me when I say I want to take you, but...we need to wait until the time is right."

Mora's body groans with impatience, but she knows that he is right. She wraps her arms around him, tangling her fingers in his hair; she tries to quell the yearning inside herself. Knowing that she now has Rick and that he has her, she assures herself that there isn't any reason to rush. There is a proper order in which things need to be done and she must first tell King Irron to his face that she wants nothing more to do with him. Then she will be free.

 

CHAPTER 22: DECEPTION

She awakes to the sweet sound of Rick's voice accompanied by the caress of his hand on her face, "Time to get ready, Mora."
