 Disclaimer: 

All characters that appear in this story are of legal age (18+). If you, yourself are not of legal age (18+), stop reading this right now. You can always come back when you are older.




"Who rules the school?"

"Oh baby, Mud Dogs!"

"What bitch? I can't hear you."

"I s-said Mud Dogs rule the schoooooool!"

"Ow-Ow-AWOooooooO!"

Pepper watched through a crack in the stall door as Cyndy Salte's perfectly tanned and toned ass bounced up and down on Billy Jacques' modest (by her calculations, anyway) member. Cyndy's cheerleading uniform was in a slight state of disarray, her skirt (already quite short) hiked up over her hips and her tight little top pulled up to expose her bouncing boobies to her boyfriend's questing lips, tongue and teeth. 

Demonstrating her athletic prowess, Cyndy bent backward in a display that even Pepper had to admit was impressive. Her eyes rolled up in her head, her red nipples pointing straight out from taught breasts - and her mouth lolling open... Cyndy might be a braindead bitch, but Pepper thought she was hot. 

Pepper's gaze rose to meet Billy's and he winked at her through the door. "Bark for me, bark like a good little bitch."

"Arf. Arf. Ruff. Oh baby. I'm your bitch, your muuuuuuud bitch" She timed her little yaps with his thrusts, and Pepper smirked despite herself.

"Mud Dogs! AROO AROO AROOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

Suddenly, Cyndy's eyes snapped back and she saw Pepper watching them through the door.

"Ugh. Get out of here, titless wonder!" Cyndy managed to grunt between thrusts. 

"Nah Babe. She just wants to show her school spirit. Come on in here and join the game!." said Billy.

"Psh." Cyndy was riding him hard, now. "That goody goody wouldn't know what to do if she came in here."

Pepper suddenly imagined herself on her knees, spreading Cyndy's luscious ass and licking her tight little ring while Billy fucked her pussy. That would shut her up, and show her what for. Then she could move lower, licking along Billy's shaft as he pumped her up and down on his dick. She imagined it all in a flash, and then stammered something as she barged her way back out the way she came in.

"Get back to your science project, neeeeeeeeerd." She heard Cyndy's voice follow her. Then she smiled, hearing her bark like a dog as she was being fucked.

Pepper wiped the sweat from her brow. Her red hair was pulled back into a pair of braids. She stood back and examined her handiwork, her flannel shirt was unbuttoned at the top to allow for ventilation in the hot sun. Her hands on her hips, she wore heavy leather gloves of the type used for handling hard industrial equipment or barbed wire. Her exposed clavicle and upper chest was shiny with perspiration. Tools laid out neatly around her, she smiled at the strange machine that was beginning to take shape before her. Then she groaned and removed one of her gloves.

Her eyes had begun to ache about an hour back, but now it would begin to get unbearable. She rubbed the painful little muscles around the tired orbs - and in a moment the ache became less pronounced - though it remained a constant reminder. 

Every morning she had to do the strengthening exercises that kept her esotropia at bay - it had been worse for her in school when she was, in addition to being a soulless ginger with freckles and ears that stuck out like palm fronds (as her classmates would put it) cross-eyed to boot. At least she could avoid that last one nowadays - but the strain seemed to be getting worse. 

Good enough, time for a shower.

Once inside the house she stripped her boots and overalls off, deposited the sweat-soaked garments in the hamper. She arranged her boots neatly beneath her bed, atop of which sat an open copy of Bulfinch's Mythology. She grabbed a towel and walked into the bathroom, undoing her braids as she went. As she unlaced the crimson strands of hair, Pepper took a moment to regard herself in the mirror - she focused on all the things that were used to tease her at school - the dusting of freckles across her nose and cheekbones, ears that stuck out almost clownishly, and her blue-green eyes...

yup, they were crossing. Nothing to be done about it. She took a breath and willed herself to stop resisting and let her pupils turn in and down toward her pert little nose, the muscles finally relaxing. She stuck out her tongue at her reflection, and scrunched up her face. 

She knew that she had many characteristics of an attractive woman, but something remained distinctly girlish about her. It was as if she had never fully grown out of her awkward phase, she thought to herself as she climbed into the shower. Shivering as she began adjusting the hot water.

But maybe it was a good thing. After being branded a funny-looking outsider in youth, she remained at the threshold. She could look in at what everyone else was doing, and if she was totally honest with herself - it appeared to be boring as hell. She didn't choose to be an outsider, but she had chosen to embrace her chance for true independence from the herd mentality. She was different, and she was proud of it.

Boys would be the life support system for raging erections, and girls would be catty bitches... she had more important things to think about than not getting pregnant or how her boobs looked in her shirt.

Still, it didn't help that she had failed to fill out like EVERYONE else. Sure, she had a booty to rival Cyndy Salte's, the result of riding her bicycle everywhere (she couldn't drive on account of the eyes), and her legs were toned, her ankles were skinny. She was self-conscious enough to have gotten through high school with her virginity mostly in tact. 

Mostly. 

The problem was, despite the reputation (aided by her girlish appearance) as an overly responsible prude, she couldn't go eight hours without getting herself off. She had the same needs and wants as anyone her age, and she may have cultivated a few more besides considering the only outlet for her sexual frustrations she was comfortable indulging in was reading erotica or browsing S&M themed Tumblr accounts. 

She felt the salt-crust begin to slough away from her skin and she ran her hands along her sides, up to her shoulders in an effort to quicken to the sluicing. Her hands drifted down over her chest and her tiny breasts - nipples fully erect and so so sensitive she gasped, then spluttered as she inhaled some water. 

Unexpected on two accounts, she thought. Was it two o'clock already?

She bit her full bottom lip and her fingers played over the tight pink buds of her nipples, just barely brushing over them with the back of her short, unpainted fingernails. She began to feel herself getting hot, and the water washing over her body was becoming erotic - the way in which it slid down her back, over her shapely bottom, between her cheeks and...

She moaned as she took her nipples in her fingers and squeezed. Pulling her nipples out, away from her chest she gasped and arched her back, feeling the stretch right at her pelvis - she pushed her butt out and felt the water now flowing unrestricted over her tight little asshole and licking along the folds of her labia. Her left hand remained at her chest as her right hand crept below her beltline. 

Resting her cheek against the cool tile of the shower stall, bent over at the waist, the cross-eyed little redhead began to rub her clit in tiny circles. Her breathing became rapid and soon turned into gasping, her hips moving of their own accord in rhythm with her stroking - then in sudden syncopation. She felt tension building inside her, and she shivered uncontrollably before gasping. She was close, so close...

She needed an image. Something to bring her over the edge. Her thoughts drifted back to earlier in the day, Cyndy Salte's ripe little ass bumping up and down... she smiled to herself - why not make that little bitch work a while?

She pictured Cyndy behind her, her bottle blonde-bubblehead pressed worshipfully against her rear. Cyndy's tongue flicking across her tight little asshole. Her fingers on Pepper's clit as her heavy breasts jiggled from her ministrations. She imagined herself, bent over with that stuck up bitch on her knees behind her eating her ass, frigging her clit - and it was lovely.

And then there was Billy in front of her, his cock (grown a little for aesthetic purposes) sliding into her mouth, down her throat... Pepper imagined how she must look, eyes crossed with a cock slowly working its way in and out of her mouth...

and then of a sudden her fantasy Cyndy broke away from her ass. "Is this what you like, you freaky surfboard? Ugh. God. What a weirdo." 

Simultaneously, of his own volition, her fantasy Billy grabbed her by the ears and started to fuck her face frantically. With an act of will, she abandoned the fantasy - it had all gone wrong.

In a fit of frustration, she stood rapidly and took a moment (her thoughts sex-fogged as they were) and re-arranged things a bit. She changed the angle of the showerhead, twice - lowering the nozzle to about waist height. She bent back over, then knelt down - lower than the last time, legs spread further - and arched her butt just a bit higher until the stream of water began to rain down directly on her almost fully spread cheeks. She felt obscene, dirty. The Cyndy thing had no doubt been a manifestation of guilt. She needed something guilt free, a total fantasy...

In her mind's eye there was a form kneeling behind her, hot breath on her skin, wet tongue moving up and down over her pussy and her...

The figure began to take shape in her fantasy as she felt herself getting closer and closer, her fingers flying over her clit as the hot water beat against her tight little ass - he was large, imposing. Big muscles, arms as big around as her waist (which was admittedly trim) holding her in place so that he could...

feast. He was feasting on her ass and her pussy, she imagined herself trapped by his strength, so tiny by comparison to his unrestrained masculine hunger. She imagined her half-hearted denials slowly giving way as an animal lust overtook her. She imagined what she would see, looking back over her shoulder - her upturned ass, a shock of dark brown hair, horns gleaming in the candlelight -

wait, horns?

The realization that she was fantasizing about being eaten out from behind by a mythical creature gave her a moment of complete pause, her thoughts turned momentarily to what everyone at school would say if they only knew what goody goody Pepper was up to at this moment. And that thought made her start to gush a little.

There she was, down on her knees in her bathtub, one of her hands furiously working between her legs, her ass raised up like an offering to her trusty shower-head, which pounded her ass and her pussy with high pressure water - and she was fantasizing about...

about...

And she was thinking about how this monster had her, and how she couldn't escape, and how it was hungry for her, its tongue exploring every inch of her nethers...

Little Pepper - brainiac goody-goody flat as a surfboard cross eyed and ass-eared. She couldn't get over her self-consciousness long enough to accept a date from a boy at school - but this thing hadn't asked her. It had chosen her, desired her, needed her - whether she wanted it or not, she needed him, too. She needed him to claim her. Own her. Take away the ceaseless swirl of thoughts, the self doubt and the self consciousness and the embarrassment and replace them with -

hot, wet, throbbing

She imagined what it would look like, if she were to glance between her legs and see its giant cock, precum dripping from the bulbous head, bouncing as it stood and prepared to mount her...

To mount that nerdy little goody goody cross-eyed ginger and turn her into a bubbleheaded braindead bitch.

And she thought about how powerless she would be in that situation -

And how hard it would be to think with that cock squeezed into her tight little cunt.

And then she came, crying out incoherently as the fantasy beast-man of her dreams drove his cock deep inside of her and claimed her as his own.

And in the aftershock, as she began to stand up she slipped on a bar of soap that had been dislodged in her thrashing

and promptly hit her head

and darkness consumed her.