 Author's Note: This contains extreme inflation. By this I mean a character being inflated to room-filling proportions. Alongside this is unrealistic penetrations. Keep in mind this fiction and does not cater to everyone's tastes. Just my personal ones. If you enjoy them as well, read on. But you've been warned.



Chapter 3:

 Teresa was nervously playing with her fingers as she waited for Blair. Their classrooms weren't far from each other, only two rooms separating them. However, as she stood there watching for that tall, gorgeous goddess, it felt like they were miles apart. She was never a clingy person, often preferring her own company over that of others, but she longed to be close to Blair, the one who she considered her first legitimate friend. Granted, the relationship was far from a normal one. It didn't change the fact that she enjoyed Blair's company.

 It wasn't long until she saw her lover approaching. Beyond her, she caught sight of Diana, though Teresa didn't know her much, if at all. The reason she focused on this stranger was the expression on their face, as they watched Blair walk away. In the back of her mind, Teresa recognised it as the same exact face she had shown when Blair had begun talking to her. She knew that this person was the next member of the harem, or at least someone of interest to Blair.

 "You wait long?" The sudden question made her jump from her reverie, the sharp motion of surprise bringing a grin to Blair's face. Teresa flushed in embarrassment, but nodded nonetheless, "Sorry for the wait, had to get something started." She explained and took the goth's hand, leading her to the parking lot where Alice would be waiting for them. Blair was looking forward to seeing the MILF again, who wouldn't? Her cock gave a soft throb as if in agreement with the thought.

 "Who was she?" Teresa asked. She wasn't jealous, merely curious. Rightfully so, given the fact that, if all went smoothly, she and that woman would be at Blair's beck and call. They were outside, heading directly to the carpark. She could see her mother's car situated nearby, a miracle given its generic nature. It blended into its environment of budget friendly student and faculty cars. On the opposite spectrum, Riley's ride home was as conspicuous as possible. Aside from the group of students walking to it, the car itself was a flashy Mercedes-Benz.

 "Who?"

 "You know who."

 "Oh, her. That's Diana, she's the first on my list. She's actually quite nice honestly," Blair explained, glancing back at the goth with a lewd grin, "But I think she'll look better getting fucked and filled just like you." She added, eyes dancing over Teresa's body with an obvious lust. During her class, her desire had gradually continued to build itself up once more. She knew it wasn't just her natural libido supplying the lust, but also her willpower, or lack thereof, bringing thoughts and images of Diana giving into her own needs.

 "Oh god..." Teresa moaned, feeling her body flush with desire. Between her thighs, she could already feel her pussy hot and wet. It was obvious that Blair could tell, her grin widening and showing her perfect teeth. It made the goth feel like she was a rabbit, staring into the toying eyes of a fox or wolf, waiting to be devoured. The key difference being that, instead of being consumed, she would be taken and fucked and filled to and beyond her capacity. The comparison was apt enough and even had her smouldering lust burn brighter.

 Eventually, they came to the car. Alice noticed them and waved them over, her eyes holding on Blair longer than an older woman's should. The futanari noticed that her cheeks were slightly reddened, and that her breaths were rather short, as if she were out of breath. Almost like she had been doing something strenuous before they showed up, Blair thought in amusement. It was faint, but she could smell the distinct musk of a lustful woman. She smiled broadly to Teresa's parent.

 "Hi, Alice. You really don't have to do this; you know?" She said in greeting, wanting to appear somewhat uncomfortable with Alice's keen hospitality. The mother waved her hand to dismiss the notion.

 "It's no trouble, Blair, trust me." She said, nodding to the back of the car. Teresa parted from Blair, her fingers outstretched in an effort keep in contact with her for as long as possible, something that the always observant eye of her mother didn't miss. Alice said nothing however, knowing that it had been a hard day for her daughter. Chances were she was looking for comfort wherever she could, she told herself.

 "If you insist." Blair replied uncertainly and stepped into the vehicle. The first thing that made itself known to her was the clear scent of a woman's desire, that is to say their wet pussy. Teresa couldn't smell it, understandable since the smell of a generic store-brought cleaner was almost overwhelming. Alice was being naughty, Blair thought with glee, nearly giggling like a young schoolgirl. Teresa noticed the near lapse in control and knew Blair had done or noticed something. Though she had no way of knowing what exactly.

 "Where do you live, Blair?" Alice asked, turning the keys and bringing the engine to life. Blair gave her address and they were off. Throughout the journey, she was letting her pheromones into the air, upping their potency a little bit to compensate for the fresh air blowing in through the open windows. Nonetheless, the chemicals were having their effect, making the slight flush on Alice's cheeks more noticeable by the minute. Unfortunately, Blair only lived a few minutes by car from the school.

 "Thanks for the ride, Alice, ma'am." She said politely, even bowing her head slightly. Alice seemed to find it amusing, letting out a small laugh.

 "No problem, dear. It's the least I could after you helped Teresa earlier," Unseen by her, the goth was smirking widely, thinking about the 'help' Blair had provided her. The futanari waved goodbye as she walked up to her house, grinning when she noticed the somewhat disappointed look on Alice's face. Granted, she was uncertain as to whether she liked the notion of her... she paused in her thoughts for a moment. What would she refer to them as?

 She was essentially making herself a harem. Blair had seen quite a bit of anime in the Harem/Ecchi genres and it was something that had always fascinated her; the idea of having so many people, men or women, who adored her and wanted to please her. Maybe even start a family, albeit a massive one. It almost made her laugh to think of having so many children. Though she wondered how they'd turn out, given their progenitor's unique genetics. Well, she thought, she had a long time before she would even consider having children.

 Thinking of that, she pulled out her phone. She'd gotten Teresa's number earlier that day, just moments after she'd finished up with the goth in fact. As she stepped into her house, Blair sent a text asking Teresa to get a pregnancy test as soon as she could. She didn't know if there was any semen in her cum, though she was certain she had a prostate, or perhaps two from what she had felt with her vines earlier. Better safe than sorry, she told herself as she shut the door behind her. It wasn't often that her parents were home before she was, but she could hear the TV in the living room.

 She walked to the door and peaked inside. Her mother was sitting on the couch, absentmindedly reading while some sort of reality show played on the screen.

 "Hi, Mum. You're home early." Blair said in greeting, setting her bag down by the couch and sitting down on the nearby chair. Ashley jumped at the sound of her daughter's voice.

 "Oh! Hi, Honey. Didn't hear you come in." She told her, placing a bookmark in the novel and sitting up to properly greet her daughter. Blair grinned at her, but it was forced. The book had been in just the right position, pressing down on her mother's chest and hiding her beautiful face from view, but now both were on full display for Blair to devour with her eyes. Her cock pulsed at the sight and, for a second, she almost wanted to let loose and take her mother right then and there. Fortunately, her will power remained and she maintained her daughterly appearance.

 "Good book?" She asked, nodding to the novel.

 "Hmm? Oh, it's so-so right now. I've heard it gets better later on though." Ashley explained, standing up and stretching. Her back arched, accentuating her shapely bust. Blair averted her eyes, a flush of desire creeping up her face. The fingers on both of her hands twitched in want, a similar sensation sweeping over her body as her pheromones attempted to respond to her subconscious desires. She kept control. Barely. "You alright, Sweetie? Your face is flushed." Ashley asked, noticing the red on her daughter's cheeks.

 "Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm good, just a bit warm I guess. Um, I'm gonna cool off upstairs." She said and stood to walk up to her room, where she would be away from her mother's tempting body, and alone with her thoughts and fantasies.

 "Actually, Blair, could we... could we talk? We didn't really get a chance yesterday... did you change clothes?" Ashley asked her, frowning.

 "Yeah, uh, mine got ruined. I slipped and something tore through most of them. A friend lent me some." She explained. Despite her words, she was still thinking about what her mother wanted to talk about, a worried frown on her face. "So, uh, what did you want to talk about?" She asked, sitting back down. Both mother and daughter were glancing around the room in a clearly nervous manor.

 "Oh, um. It's about your, uh, your... how do I say this, sexuality." Blair's eyes narrowed at this, something Ashley noticed immediately, "It's not what you think. I'm just... worried, I guess?"

 "Why?"

 "Well, I mean, it's always on the news isn't it? Gay or Bi-sexual people being the target of bullying or even being outright attacked. I don't want that to happen to you." Ashley explained, looking at her daughter with an unblinking, visibly concerned.

 "That's what you're worried about?" Blair asked, blinking in surprise. She had expected something like 'I don't think you really are gay' or 'you're young and confused'. It almost made her want to laugh; her mother wasn't like that by any stretch of the imagination. Ashley nodded.

 "You told me you were bullied before. And I know you're grown up, but that doesn't make a difference to me; you're my daughter, always will be. I just want to you be happy." She continued. Blair let out a chuckle, relaxing somewhat, though she wouldn't look her mother in the eye.

 "I'll be fine, Mum, trust me. I went through a lot this summer." She said, grinning.

 "That's another thing," Ashley began slowly, looking her daughter up and down. Blair raised an inquisitive eyebrow, "What did happen to you? You said it was a growth spurt, but I've never heard of anything like this before." This was something Blair had been expecting, but not so quickly. She had hoped the supposed growth spurt would be enough to placate her parents, however mother's intuition was a powerful thing.

 "You want the truth?" Blair asked, glancing at her mother's face before looking away quickly, not wanting to risk growing aroused on any level.

 "Only if you're comfortable giving it. I'm not about to wring it out of you." Ashley assured her with a small grin. In her head, Blair was running through different lies she could say. There was no way she would tell the truth, not yet at least. One seemed to stick and she went with it.

 "I was part of a drug trial." She said simply. It would set her mother's internal alarm bells ringing, but it was better than leading her to believe she was mentally insane. An experimental drug that caused someone to grow several inches taller, gain what looked like a pair of soccer balls – massive even by anime standards – for breasts, grow wider hips and a shapely, rotund ass, and develop visible definition across her body in only a couple of months, was far more believable than a potent growth spurt, or an unknown species of plant causing it. Surprisingly, Ashley seemed relieved.

 "Thank god. I thought you'd ran off and gotten some ridiculous surgery or something."

 "You're not gonna ask about the drug trial?" Blair asked, frowning in confusion. Ashley shook her head.

 "You seem healthy to me. Though, I might want the name of the company." She said, eyes falling, and lingering, on Blair's almost inhumanly large bust.

 "Mum?"

 "Hmm? Oh sorry, off in my own world." She said with a small laugh.

 "Oh, okay. Um, anything else?"

 "Nope, I think that's it," She said, taking a deep breath and releasing it as a relieved sigh, "Oh wait, one more. Did you get a new perfume?"

 "Uh, no. It's the same as always." Blair lied, knowing her pheromones were in the air, clearly taking effect in the more confined area than. The car had the benefit of fresh air bellowing in as it drove along, here the only air that came in was from the windows and only if a breeze came along. She could see a faint blush appearing on her mother's cheeks and decided she should go, "If you need me, I'll be in my room." She said and went up the stairs.

 When she left, Ashley's shoulders relaxed. She had been tense throughout that exchange, fearing she would say the wrong thing and ostracise her beloved daughter. But it was something else, something she couldn't place her finger on. To some extent, it almost felt like when she would talk to her crushes back in middle school; nervous, excited, fear, all mixed into one ball of emotion. Then there was the soft burn she felt in her core, like when she had her husband had first met. He had been, and still was, a handsome man, one that any woman would have been happy to be married to. But she was feeling this way towards Blair it seemed.

 She shook her head. That was nonsense. Blair was her daughter, her only child, and, as previously mentioned, a woman. Ashley knew she was straight, having never felt attracted to another woman beyond their personality. It's natural to find your daughter beautiful, she told herself, nodding as if to affirm the idea.

 "Completely natural." She repeated under her breath, though with no real certainty.

 Blair shut her door and all but fell on her bed. Her cock was pulsating, the grip of her vine growing more and more lax around her thigh, and she could physically feel her dwindled willpower in her body. Not once in her entire life, had she entertained the idea of incest, and yet her body yearned for intimacy with the woman who had birthed it. The futanari sighed into her bed, rolling onto her back and looking at her ceiling. She was enjoying her transformation, but the urges were overwhelming.

 "I can't be around her too long." She told herself. A wave of sadness filled her at the words. Blair loved her mother, possibly more than most daughter's did. Ashley had been her parent and friend for so long, and, until recently, had been her only confidant. She had been there when Riley had moved and Blair felt alone, and she'd been there when she met Riley again and was shamed for her underdeveloped body. Ashley was a businesswoman, yes, but a mother first and foremost. Blair couldn't imagine turning her into a slave to her lust like with Teresa.

 But at the same time, she wanted to give her mother pleasure unlike any she'd ever experienced in her life. An annoyed grunt escaped her lips as she sat up. She needed to calm down, she thought. Ashley didn't have the same look as Alice had, but there was a spark of something in her eyes. Blair knew she was irresistible; there was no off switch for it. She could tone down her pheromones to slow the attraction down, but anyone who breathed them in would be inexplicably enticed by Blair.

 "Damn... this is more complicated than I thought." She said with an anxious chuckle. There was so much to think about... maybe it'd be easier to just let myself go, she thought. As if to disagree, her vine tightened once again, "No, guess not." She muttered. Even her body, which seemed to want nothing more than to fuck girl after girl, wanted her to enjoy the chase. It was like it knew that trying for something often made the culmination of those efforts more than worth it. 

 Blair almost jumped when she heard her phone start ringing. She picked it up, seeing that it was Alice, Teresa having given Blair's number to her mother. This might be what I needed, she thought and accepted the call.

 "Hello?" Came the voice from the other side. She sounded nervous, like a boy about to ask his crush to prom.

 "What's up?" Blair replied. She could almost hear Alice biting her lip.

 "I was wondering, um, if you're not busy right now, would you like to come over here? Uh, Teresa says she wants to see you." She finished quickly, making it quite obvious that it was only half true at best. Blair smirked to herself and her cock gave a similarly anticipatory throb.

 "Oh, um... I think I can. I'll have to check with my mum. Can you hold on for a sec?" She said, pretending that she needed her parent's permission for it. They were very trusting of their daughter, and she'd given them no reason not to. She was never out past curfew – 10:00PM – and very rarely demanded much of them.

 "Of course."

 "Thanks," She pressed the phone to her chest, muffling all sound that could be heard on the other end of it, "She said it's alright. I've just gotta be back by 10PM, that okay?" She said after waiting a minute to bolster the charade.

 "That's okay. Would you like me to come and pick you up?" She asked, sounding vaguely hopeful.

 "No, I'll be fine." Blair told her, not wanting to hasten Alice's descent any further than she intended for the day.

 "Oh," Came the dejected reply, "Okay then. Do you have the address?" As if on cue, Teresa had sent Blair a text telling her where she lived.

 "Yep, Teresa just sent it to me. I know the way." Blair told her.

 "Okay, see you soon." Alice said.

 "See you." She said and ended the call. This was going almost too smoothly, she thought as she went about putting her trainers on and grabbing her keys. Alice had been the one to instigate the next contact, rather than Blair using Teresa to do so, meaning she was much more susceptible to the pheromones than Blair would have expected. Saddening, as she wanted to draw this out, but at the same time, this was still a learning period for Blair. Eventually, she would have total control and could draw this act out as long as she wished.

 After making sure she had all she needed, Blair left her room. For a moment she was worried about having to interacted with her mother again, but she knew it couldn't be prolonged, not without sneaking out of the house and worrying Ashley half to death. With a sigh, she walked down the stairs. They were getting old, evidenced by the near constant creaking of the aged wood under her feet. Despite the fact that she was so light on her feet, it would be impossible for her leave without notifying anyone of the fact.

 "Blair?" Her mother called from the kitchen, where the sound of coffee being poured could be heard.

 "Who else? I'm going out, is that okay?" She asked, already heading to the front door. The thought of her mother slowly giving into her lust passed through Blair's mind, shocking her and only hurrying her actions further. She heard the footsteps of her parent approaching. The image of her mother's lustful face flashed before her eyes, almost making her desperate to leave. She fumbled with the door handle and jumped when Ashley placed a hand on her shoulder.

 "Are you sure you're okay, Blair?" She asked, frowning in worry. There was a small flush to her cheeks, completely obvious to Blair, who looked at her mother. Why did this have to happen, she questioned herself in the solitude of her mind. Why couldn't my body just affect people who aren't my family? The voice was silenced quickly; there was nothing she could do at the time; it was just her new instincts. Though it didn't make it necessarily any easier.
