 This is a collaboration story of my OC Joscelin with the help of Gabrario. This takes place before the events of Chapter One. We hope you enjoy!

On her journey to find Olaf, the extremely top heavy adventurer seeks shelter at a rather odd old lady's cabin in the woods. This work is intended for adult audiences so if you are not the legal age of consent (18+) you are not permitted to view this content. 

*****

Still on her quest to find the wizard known as Olaf, the man that had changed Joscelin's once DD sized breasts to these now humongous and perky sacks full of sweet milk, has just come out of a tremendous battle against several Treekins. These tiny creatures that looked as though they were made from the bark off a tree proved very tough to kill. After having had her brown top torn and her tits left bare, the little creatures attention went from slaying the busty blonde to wanting to taste her huge melons.

But with their minds now clouded with lust, the Buxom Beauty used this to her advantage. One by one they leapt at her enormous mams. Using her longsword, she slashed each one as it was mid air, chopping them clean in half.

Once the battle was over, and her quest completed, Joscelin felt tremendously fatigued. 

"Damn it" she spoke with heavy breathing, "Those creatures turned out to be a lot more trouble than I had thought. That dwarf should give me extra. He didn't say there would be dozens of these things."

Her attention was brought down to her top now lying open to the cool air. 

"Bloody hell! Why does everything have to go for my breasts?!" she said aloud obviously upset that the majority of human and beast alike all want a taste of her tremendously huge udders. She sighed with disappointment at this realization but she at least found solace knowing that her two heavy, and milk filled, burdens came in handy during this battle. 

Just then a faint sound of thunder boomed in the distance. Joscelin looked to the sky and saw a storm approaching. " I need to find shelter fast." said the Buxom Beauty. 

As she wondered, the weather began to change and the skies darkened. Not a moment after the rain began to pour. Soaking the busty blonde. But in the distance Joscelin's blue eyes spotted a small cabin atop a small hill. A few candles were lit so she knew someone was home. 

"Shit ... This rain won't let up! Hopefully someone there can help me otherwise I risk getting ill." she thought to herself. She quickly jogged over to the cabin, making sure not to fall. 

Reaching the old home made of mud, straw and wood, Joscelin stood under the awning that protruded from the cabin. She felt cold and wet causing her to shiver. With her free hand as the other was still holding onto her massive jugs, she knocked on the door of the house.

It was as if the owner was expecting someone at how suddenly the door was opened. From within the dimly lit home appeared a very old lady. Her hair completely white, her skin terribly wrinkled. The old woman's body looked weak and frail as she seemed to be supporting herself with the use of a cane.

"Y-Yes? Can I help you, dear?"

When Joscelin saw that she was just a normal and kind old woman she was very relieved. She felt a sense of comfort in the air.

"Hello, sorry to bother you but I seek shelter from this accursed storm. Is it possible for me to stay in this cabin with you? Just until the weather calms itself." asked the Buxom Beauty with pleading eyes. 

"I've been hunting monsters for a bounty not far from here and it's just that the rain has come, I promise that as soon as the rain stops I'll leave." Joscelin thought perhaps if she told the woman that she had slain some creatures nearby that it could gain the woman's trust. 

The old woman listening to her words only focused her eyes on one thing, well two things, those being Joscelin's enormous breasts still held in the blonde's arm. As the adventurer shook the woman watched as the huge mounds of flesh jiggled greatly. Goosebumps were clearly visible all around Joscelin's tits. They looked like they needed a little warmth. The woman smiled sweetly up at the freezing and soaking wet babe, "Oh yes! Please darling come in, come in! My, you must be freezing!" she said taking Josie by the shoulder and pulling her inside.

"Thank you very much! You are certainly a kind person" the blonde beauty replied.

Though on the surface the old lady seemed kind, but she had a thought opposite to Joscelin. This seemingly sweet woman wanted to have a feel of those giant mams.

"Feel free to settle anywhere by the fire you like, my sweet!"

Joscelin chose a small wooden stool facing the roaring fireplace.

"Thank you for sharing your home with me I was afraid I'd catch a cold." said Josie still holding her breasts in an attempt to cover them from the woman.

"Oh you poor deary! Please don't be shy we're both ladies here. Let those breasts of yours get some warmth as well." The old woman put down her cane and gently grabbed the Buxom Beauty's wrist and peeled it away from her chest. Josie's cheeks blushed as her one inch long pink nipples came into view. 

The old lady's eyes widened at the naked milk sacks. They looked so wonderfully soft, so mouth wateringly tasty. 

"That's better, my child. Let these get all nice and warm." she said patting Joscelin's soft flesh with her right hand, "Let me go make you a cup of tea! How does that sound, love?"

With her cheeks still red, the busty babe nodded with a smile in response. So the old woman went over to the kitchen and grabbed a tea kettle already filled with water along with two small cups with tea bags inside. The frail woman clumsily place the kettle on a hook near the fireplace so the water could get hot. She kept glancing over to Josie out of the corner of her eye, loving the sight of the topless blonde.

"Oh, thank you for the tea! By the way, my name is Joscelin."

"Such a lovely name! I'm Abigail." 

The old woman pondered a moment recognizing that name. She remembered hearing of an adventurer with big tits that produced milk from a couple of townsfolk a while back. She uncontrollably smiled at just the thought of finally getting the chance to drink a woman's breast milk. 

The old woman was given a curse many years ago by an extremely jealous witch. One night the witch caught her husband having sex with Abigail. So the witch cursed her with old age and that she must take that which nurtures new life in order to become young again. Even though it only last no more than a month before she yet again becomes this frail old woman she is now.

"Here you are darling!" Abigail said handing over one of the tea cups.

"Thank you very much" Joscelin replied as she took a sip of tea. It wasn't the best, but it wasn't bad either.

"So were you heading somewhere after slaying those horrid monster?" Abigail asked. 

"Yes, I was trying to get back to this dwarf for my reward. But, to be honest, it's getting harder and harder, I'm still far from my true goal, but I stand firm"

"True goal?"

Joscelin closed her eyes and drank some more tea. At the same time Abigail watched the busty bimbo's huge udders like a hawk staring down its prey. Up and down they moved from the natural breathing of Joscelin. In that moment, all she wanted was to taste those baby feeders.

"Yes, I seek revenge against the wizard who turned my body into this." said Joscelin pointing to her bosom, " He'll pay for what he's done, but before that, he will change my breasts back to their normal size. As I find him, of course."

"It must be difficult for you. To handle these tremendously heavy burdens all alone... Poor thing." replied the old woman. 

"I appreciate your sympathy, Abigail. It truly is nice to meet someone that isn't lusting after my breasts."

"I remember when I was young. I too faced many obstacles just from my natural beauty alone. Though I did not possess such large breasts as you do. Oh they must be so heavy." said Abigail as she placed her hands on Joscelin's shoulders and began to rub them. 

Joscelin did not recoil at this. In the moment it felt very pleasurable to the weary adventurer. 

"Close your eyes, child. Let old Abigail help you relax." the old lady said seductively. She messaged the busty babe's shoulders. With one hand she took the half full cup of tea away from Joscelin and set it on a nearby table. Then she moved her hands back to Josie's shoulders.

"Um, ma'am is this really appr-"

"Shh. Relax honey, I used to be an adventurer too you know." Abigail watched Josie's huge mams move with every circular motion she made with her hands. 

"Y-You were?" asked the Buxom Beauty in a shaky but relaxed voice.

"Oh yes. I used to be young, and sexy just like you." Abigail's pace quickened.

"S-Sexy?"

"I used to be quite the seducer in my youth, can't you tell?"

Joscelin hesitated to speak. She wanted to tell this old woman to stop, but she had to admit, this was a wonderful feeling. She couldn't help but make aroused moans as Abigail began to massage her sore shoulders harder.

Suddenly Abigail became much too bold and grabbed hold of Joscelin's heavy knockers. Squeezing the abundant flesh roughly as she bent forward and sucked the blonde's right nipple in her awaiting mouth.

Josie gasped at this sudden attack of molestation and brought her hands up and pushed Abigail away from her mountainous melon before her milk began to flow.

"What in the hell are you doing?!" snapped Josie covering her tits with both arms.

Abigail had to think quickly, "I.. um, my dear I am so sorry! Please forgive this poor old woman!" she began sobbing. Hiding her face in her palms. Joscelin still shocked and irritated tilted her head as to hear her explanation. 

"I-It's just.. I have been cursed! Cursed by an evil woman!"

Josie looked at Abigail with slight confusion, "What are you talking about?" she asked.

"A woman..A witch put a curse on me years ago." the crying old woman explained, " I was on a quest and met a handsome knight. It didn't take long for us to connect with one another and soon we found ourselves making love in his chambers. Suddenly a wicked woman burst through the door and cast an aging curse on me. Within seconds my beautiful features became wrinkled and weathered." sobbed Abigail.

"But.. But why?" 

The cursed woman sniffled and replied, " Apparently, the knight was her husband. I swear on my life I had no idea!"

Joscelin took a moment to process this new information. After a few seconds the busty blonde asked, "Then why did you attack my breasts?"

"Because, you are Joscelin. The Buxom Beauty that lactates correct?"

Josie cringed at the reminder of her huge, unnatural tits that she felt she was cursed with, "I am, but what does that have to do with anything?"

"You see, dear. The only thing that will lift the curse, even if it's only for a short time, is that which nurtures life."

"Nurtures life?" Joscelin asked.

"Your breast milk, my child. It nurtures new life."

"Oh.. I see." Josie said with a sigh.

"I do apologize, Joscelin. I just got overly excited. As you can see the curse is taking its toll on my body. So I ask you, may I drink milk from your ample bosom?" Abigail gave Joscelin pleading eyes hoping she would say yes.

Josie pondered a moment. She hated her breasts, but perhaps this could be a noble deed she could do for this woman. Abigail sat awaiting her answer, her heart fluttering with nervous anticipation.

"O..Okay. You may suckle from my breasts." Joscelin sighed as she took her arms away from her giant tits. The fleshy orbs bounced nicely as she let them go.

"Oh thank you, child! Thank you!"

Abigail did not hesitate and grabbed the blonde's huge left milk sack and shoved it in her mouth. She let out small groans as she sucked the big meaty teet. In no time Joscelin's tit responded and began to lactate in the cursed Abigail's hungry mouth. She seemed to be enjoying her meal as she kept up a nice rhythm of sucking as warm milk flowed down her throat. 

Joscelin had to admit, this woman did know how to suck. It actually felt good on her giant baby feeder. After a few minutes of feeding, Abigail's skin began to unwrinkle and her hair went from solid white to a more lively chestnut color.

"It's working!" Abigail exclaimed as she unlatched from the busty adventurer and then shifted to Joscelin's right tit. Taking the hard nipple in her mouth and sucking on it's tip. She then made circles with her tongue around the blonde beauty's areola before diving back into the tit buffet. 

Joscelin smiled slightly as the woman nursed on her. She placed her hand on her head and gently rubbed it. She watched as the woman became her once young self again and after many more sucks, Abigail finally released her tit. Milk trickling out of her nipples, Joscelin seemed pleased that she could help another woman cursed with something out of her control. 

"Thank you so much my dear Joscelin! Thank you again!" said a very young and happy Abigail. " Here let me fix that top for you"

The now beautiful looking Abigail took a needle and thread and quickly fixed up Joscelin's torn brown bikini like top. 

"That's very kind of you, Abigail." she said as she put her top back on. Heaving her massive mams back in their confines. 

"The pleasure is all mine." Abigail replied with a wink. 

After the rain had stopped, Joscelin bid the woman farewell. But before she left, She took a jar and filled it with her tasty milk. So that when the time came, Abigail could enjoy being young just a little bit more. Abi kissed Joscelin on the cheek as she watched the Buxom Beauty leave her home. 

"I'm glad I could help that woman relieve her curse, but it truly made me very tired and weak." she told herself, "Hopefully there is a nice bath and bed when I return back to the dwarven village."

~~~

Back in the dwarven village within the Chief Dwarf's stone home, loud grunts and growls could be heard from behind the thick wooden door. Inside Josie was sitting in a chair, her bare tits out and in front of her, stood on the table, was the chieftain. He was roughly humping the busty babe's huge love pillows. 

"Ugh! Ugh!, Yes take it, woman!" he grunted as his hands squished her melons tight around his cock. 

"How was this part of the reward?" she asked irritably as she was slightly jerked back and forth by the chief's rough thrusting.

"You signed the contract, ugh, Female. It said you get paid three hundred gold for slaying the beasts. But you must also let the, ugh, ugh! The chief dwarf do as he wishes to your tits for an hour." his pace getting faster and faster as he fucked Joscelin's mighty tits.

"Where the hell did it say that?!" she snapped.

"Ugh! Read the fine print, bimbo!" he used his head to point in the direction of the contract on the desk. Then he closed his eyes and let out a small moan as he continued his rough fucking of her jugs.

Joscelin looked over to the parchment and after closer inspection, at the very bottom in small handwriting it read exactly what the chief said. She rolled her eyes and scoft regretting the fact she should have been more observant. The head dwarf gripped the Buxom Beauty's breasts tight as he let out a loud, "Aahhh!"

His cock exploded within the depths of Josie's cleavage. His balls released an incredible amount of his seed between her giant udders. So much in fact it gushed out the top and hit her on the bottom of her chin and on her neck.

"Ew gross!" she yelled.

Breathing heavily the dwarf chief let her tits free from his grip and let them bounce wildly before they settled. He took a moment to admire the lovely mess he made then handed Josie her magic cloth to clean herself with. 

He watched as she wiped away his spunk, "Ah that was fantastic! Now just fifty five more minutes to go and your reward will be complete!"

Joscelin just glared at him in response. It seemed as though her want of rest would have to wait. She knew her tits were in for much more abuse. Hopefully these next fifty five minutes will pass quickly, but that was surely doubtful. 

The chieftain sat himself on her lap and began to suck on her nice, milk swollen tit. "The situations I find myself in are truly amazing." she thought. The dwarf bit down on her breast causing Josie to gasp. "Ouch! And painful."