 Author's Note: A word of warning for those looking for another sex filled chapter; this is a build-up chapter for the next. I advise at least skimming through this one if you don't want to read it without immediate gratification. Either way, hope y'all enjoy.



 It wasn't long until Alice, Teresa's mother and only remaining confidant in her life, arrived with fresh clothes. She was still furious over what Blair had told her, how Teresa had been assaulted, physically assaulted by bullies. First they sought to simply rob her child of her confidence, but now they wanted to ruin her clothing. Her jaw was set firm as her hands gripped the steering wheel of her cute little Volkswagen. 

 If she got her hands on those abusive teenagers their hides would be red for weeks on end. She took deep breaths, calming herself as she pulled into one of the few available parking spots on campus. It wouldn't do any good at the time. What would however, would be to get her only child and her friend, the first one Alice had heard of in years, the clothes they desperately needed. I hope Blair's nice, she thought to herself as she walked down the hallway to the basement Blair had called her from, Teresa needs someone she can rely on besides her mother. She came to the broken door and tentatively pushed it open.

 Prior to Alice's arrival, Blair was sitting beside Teresa. The goth girl, now pregnant with several of Blair's children – though unknown to either of them for the time being – had shrunken down greatly in just a few short minutes. It was amazing since she had been inflated enough that she was taller when laying down on her once again flat stomach. Blair thought back to how Teresa had been a little over two feet away from the ceiling of the basement, her arms and legs limp as they laid against her grossly swollen stomach. She looked up, guessing the roof had to be at least nine feet high, considering the amount of stairs there were.

 "Oh man, this is great." She said with a small chuckle. Teresa looked at her in confusion.

 "What is?"

 "Don't worry, I'll show you soon enough." Blair told her cryptically, giving her a promising grin. The goth only nodded, leaning her head against the wall. She could hardly believe what had happened to her; aside from the sudden, and drastic change to Blair, she then found herself attracted to her. Admittedly, Teresa had always been somewhat curious as to her sexuality, though never openly admitted it to herself; she didn't need another potential target on her head. That was at least fairly normal, or rather something that can be expected to occur in one's life. Then it became more and more abnormal. 

 In the short time that she was sat next to Blair, she had begun to fantasise about her. It was insane, she told herself, she didn't know Blair and there wasn't any solid reason to have these thoughts. But all the same, her invasive lust continued to make itself prevalent in her head. Around that time, she noticed a faint, yet obsessively fragrant scent. It seemed to swirl around her, permeating the air she breathed and somehow fuelling her already burning desires. Then Blair took a personal interest in her.

 Teresa had been discombobulated at the time, her mind unquestioning as Blair pretended to care for her. She knew better now. It had all been a ploy, one that worked perfectly. Blair didn't need to explain the dynamics of her body for Teresa to know that physical contact only made the strange feelings even worse, uncontrollable even. The seal had been the second she had tasted that amber fluid.

 From there it was all a blur. Before she knew it, she was laying on her giant stomach, a constant stream of thick, viscous cum pouring from her deflowered snatch, while her ass, mouth and nipples all did likewise. To her surprise though, she had shrunk down within the five minutes since inflating. Save for a slight paunch to her stomach, and a near invisible enhancement to her bust and hips, there was no outward changes from the, for lack of a better word, fucking. She grinned mentally, knowing hopeless romantics would try to find a way to think of it as 'making love'. It was fucking though, pure and simple.

 Oddly enough, the fact that Blair wasn't human didn't bother her. It was probably the mind altering semen and amber that she had ingested, not that it mattered by that point. She knew that the beautiful, inhumanly so, woman beside her was strong enough to silence her if she tried to tell anyone, though she doubted it would be necessary. After all, who would believe the quiet, shy and ostracised goth girl?

 Even so, she was curious as to what Blair actually was.

 "Blair? Can I... Can I ask you something?" She asked.

 "Go ahead." Blair replied, already knowing what Teresa would ask.

 "What are you?" She smirked at the question.

 "Thought you might ask that. Honestly? I don't have a clue." She explained with a non-committal shrug. Teresa frowned at her.

 "How can you not know? I mean, you have to have some idea."

 "Well, I... Hmm, well I found this 'plant'."

 "Plant?"

 "That's as close to what it was that I'm gonna get. The best I can say about what it did to me is that it mixed its DNA with mine." Blair told her, not that she felt it mattered.

 "And that..."

 "Gave me a great body, a huge cock and a bunch of tentacles, yes." Blair affirmed. Teresa slouched back, as if the explanation had drained her of whatever energy she retained.

 "And it also made you a nymphomaniac lesbian?" She asked, grinning slightly.

 "Guess so." Blair agreed with a small chuckle. It felt nice for her to talk so openly about this, though she withheld some of the details, such as the sheer size the plant had grown to. For a moment, they sat in silence until they heard the sound of Alice opening the unhinged door. As she walked down the stairs, Blair leaned close to Teresa's ear, "Not a word of what happened, got it?"

 "I'm not an idiot." Teresa responded, but nodded. Blair smirked inwardly. She knew her new goth friend was subservient to her, however it seemed that her personality remained. It was a relief to her, since it meant she wasn't simply enslaving people, just meddling with their heads a little. Though she had every intention of breaking Riley to the point that her persona shattered irreparably.

 She was brought from her reverie by Alice's shocked gasp. Blair was quick to move, raising her legs and using her vines to keep her cock hidden completely.

 "Oh god, Teresa!" Alice all but cried, rushing to her daughter and hugging her tightly. Blair almost felt annoyed at being ignored in such a fashion, "Are you alright, honey?" She asked, looking Teresa over with that all-seeing eye that all parents seemed to possess.

 "I'm fine, Mum." The teen said in an effort to placate her mother. It seemed to do the trick, though Alice's eyes continued to scan her body for any sign of injury. She didn't miss the slight change to her daughter's shape, but didn't question it. There were more important matters at hand.

 "Good... that's good." She said breathily and turned to Blair, eyes widening a little, "Are you Blair?" Wanting to further the notion that she and Teresa were friends, Blair decided to act shy, just as she knew the goth would in such a situation.

 "Y-yes, ma'am." She stuttered, looking away with a blush. Alice looked at her for a moment longer, as if trying to read her mind, before pulling her in for a tight hug. Blair needn't act as she released a loud gasp of surprise at the abrupt embrace. Thankfully, her vines were quick, acting on her desire to keep her secret hidden and moving her cock appropriately in order to keep it from coming into contact with Alice.

 "Thank you for being here." She said, her tone entirely genuine. It almost made Blair feel guilty for having taken Teresa's virginity and toying with her genetic makeup at the same time, on top of withholding the information from this woman. When Alice pulled away, Blair smiled at her, though kept the expression soft. Just like she used to before the summer.

 Alice stood and hefted the bag in her hands. Now that she was able to get a real look at her, Blair was pleased by what she saw. Teresa's mother seemed to embody the term MILF. Her face was shapely, with a soft expression to it that promised patience and a willingness to do anything for her own flesh and blood, and her rounded lips turned naturally into a welcoming smile. She had a wrinkle here and there, but they were few and far between. Her hair was in a similar condition with a mane of dark, crimson hair that fell naturally to her waist.

 Her blue eyes were framed by thick lashes. The azure colour contrasting nicely. They were bright with intelligence, love and concern. Blair recognised them. Even if they were a different colour, she saw her own mother's eyes reflected in Alice's. It made her long for her childhood, when her mum had a good of free time for her, and they would play together. No matter how childish the game or toys that Blair chose, her mum would always be up for it.

 It almost made her consider what kind of a mother she would be. She glanced away for a moment, looking at Teresa and suddenly she thought about the no doubt certainty that the goth was pregnant. After that sheer amount of semen, there was no conceivable way that she wasn't pregnant now, even with the pill. For a moment, Blair felt panic build within her at the idea of being a father at such a young age, but a deep breath calmed her down slightly. She would have many women by that time to help her, she thought and relaxed.

 To take her mind off the somewhat terrifying prospect, she returned her attention to Alice. She was handing Teresa her clothes and reaching in to grab Blair's. Her left arm, reaching across her chest into the bag, pressed into her robust chest. If she had to guess, Blair would say there were D cups, a good size for someone who looked to be no bigger than 5'6''. It was clear that she exercised regularly, as evidenced by her slender waist. She also knew just what the work on to maintain her luscious curves.

 Her hips weren't huge. They were large enough to give the distinct impression that she had birthed more than a single child. Blair was certain that they swayed enticingly as she walked, that heart shaped rear no doubt taunting many a man. She handed Blair the clothes, smiling softly down at her.

 "Thank you, ma'am." She said, and looked around as if in embarrassment, "Do you, uh, do you mind turning a-around?" She asked. Alice seemed to understand and silently nodded, turning around and giving Blair a good look at her derriere. She licked her lips at the sight, but restrained herself and got dressed. Thankfully, Teresa was a similar enough size that Blair could keep her flaccid phallus hidden by a long, flowing skirt. Naturally, it was black, though with embroidered patterns that one could see if they looked close enough. Blair had to admit, she actually quite liked it.

 The shirt wasn't nearly so fitting. With a grunt of effort, partly from the strength she had to put in for it, and the struggle not to exert too much power and risk tearing it. Even after she managed to pull it over her egregiously endowed chest, it left her middle almost completely bare and barely managed to cover her breasts. A slight breeze would reveal the underside of her bust, or if a powerful came along people would be treated to a full view of her areolae and, possibly, her nipples themselves. When she was finished dressing, Alice turned around.

 Blair was impressed by the older woman's composure. Even the other students who had been exposed to her faint pheromones had been affected, despite the chemical spreading thin in the larger area. However, here stood Alice, a middle-aged woman still ripe for breeding, seemingly unaffected by the more concentrated pheromones. The futanari had her suspicions as to why that was, the most likely of which would be that maternal instinct overrode the desire trying to infect her mind.

 It was obvious that she was still influenced to a certain extent. Alice's cheeks were slightly flushed, and her breath seemed short and fast, though she would inhale deeply through her nose as if to sample a sweet fragrance. However, she didn't seem conscience of these actions, with her attention firmly on Teresa and making sure the 'assaulted' teen was alright. Blair went ignored until Alice moved her focus to both of them.

 "If you'd like I can take you back home, Blair. It's the least I could do."

 "But the school day's not over yet..." She argued weakly, continuing to play up the notion that she lacked much, if any, confidence.

 "Nonsense," Alice admonished, "After what happened to you both, I think you can leave early. If they say otherwise, I'll just have to give them a stern talking to." She explained and, for a moment at least, Blair thought she saw genuine rage in the kind woman's eyes. There was little doubt in either her, or Teresa, that Alice would start a war for her child. Nonetheless, Blair needed to remain on campus for the day.

 "I-I think I'm fine to stay. Won't look too good if I left early on the first day back, right?" She said, shrugging. Alice looked like she was about to argue again, but Teresa stopped her.

 "Me too. It really wasn't that bad, just some assholes." She explained, though didn't sound very certain about herself. Again, Alice's mouth opened to speak against the notion, but she thought better and closed it. She took another deep breath, her exhale sounding akin to the relaxed sigh of someone receiving a skilled massage.

 "If you insist." She relented, though clearly against the decision, "But, if anything happens again, let me know right away." She told her daughter and Blair, who saw an opportunity to keep contact with her.

 "But I don't know your number, ma'am." She said, finding her phone and pretending to look through it. She could get it from Teresa, but she suspected that the goth would give the number to their house, rather her mother's personal cell phone.

 "Oh, of course." She said and pulled out her own, searching through it for her number. Blair couldn't help grinning slightly. Even if she were a friend to Teresa, as far as Alice knew at least, no parent would willingly give out their own number to a mere acquaintance. Granted, Blair had every intention of becoming far more than just an acquaintance. Alice found her number and showed it to Blair, who added it to her contacts.

 "Thank you, ma'am." She said gratefully, smiling up at the older woman. The grin in return held the subtle hint of desire. It almost made Blair giddy to know that her scent was potent enough to penetrate even maternal instinct, one of the most powerful predisposition of any parent. Not that she was entirely unaware of it before, given her own mother's reaction to it.

 "Call me Alice, please?"

 "Alright, Alice." Blair replied, grinning playfully at her. To Alice, it looked like the expression of a shy girl growing comfortable around a stranger. Teresa knew better. That grin was similar to what she had seen on Blair earlier that day, before she had begun to quickly widdle down her resistance. That expression had been the start of her seduction and eventual deflowering at the hands of the gorgeous futanari.

 "Okay, well... guess I'll take off for now then. Um, Blair, do you get the bus home or do you have a lift?" She asked. In her conscious mind, she was making sure that the young teen wouldn't be attacked again, but a deeper side of her wanted to spend more time around her.

 "I usually walk." Blair answered truthfully. She knew what Alice was going to ask next and wasn't sure as to how she should answer. Just as she had suspected, the MILF asked just what she had expected.

 "Oh, well, if you'd like I can give you a lift when I pick Teresa up?" The futanari leaned her head back, deep in thought. She wanted to seduce this woman, but at the same time, too much exposure too quickly would take away some of the fun. Teresa's resistance, though futile, had been quite enjoyable. It had its own thrill. Although, she thought, she could control her pheromones output. If she kept it at an absolute minimum, chances are that Alice would only be ever so slightly affected. There were no logical reasons for her to deny the offer.

 "If it's not too much trouble, I guess." She answered, looking down shyly. She's so cute. The thought passed through Alice's mind unannounced, catching her by surprise. She berated herself for that, reminding herself that Blair was barely an adult. Not to mention the fact that she was of the same sex. Admittedly, Alice, like many women she knew, was a touch bisexual. There was never any shame that came with it. There was no reason to feel it after all.

 "None at all. I'll see you both later then. Stay safe and remember; anything happens, you let me know, got it?" Both of the teens nodded mutely and Alice left with a small smile on her face. When she was alone in the empty halls, the students filing back to their classes in preparation of the bell ringing soon, she breathed in and noticed the fragrant scent had faded. Her expression shifted to a pout, much like the kind Teresa would have when she wanted something but couldn't have it. Alice pushed the disappointment aside as she made her way to her car. She'd just have to find what perfume Blair used, she told herself.

 With Alice out of earshot, Teresa looked to Blair.

 "Why do you want to stay here?" She asked, frowning in confusion. She had expected Blair to be more interested in her now, particularly with her body ready and willing to handle every ounce of the futanari's lust.

 "There's one or two things I want to set in motion." She answered vaguely.

 "Like what?"

 "I'll let you know when I figure it all out." She said and checked her phone, "We should head out now; lunch's almost over." They stood with Blair supporting Teresa when her wobbly legs almost gave out on her. The goth girl couldn't help breathing in deeply as she was held up by her lover, her scent somehow even more intoxicating than before. They climbed the stairs, moving slowly in case Teresa's strength ran out again.

 "Hey, Blair?"

 "Hmm?"

 "Why didn't you seduce my mum? She's pretty hot after all." She blushed saying it, having never particularly noticed her mother's fantastic visage. Now however, after all that she had done, she couldn't help but find her attractive. Teresa knew her home life would be tense, if rather interesting, to say the least.

 "You want the truth?" She asked, to which the goth nodded, "No offence, but you were kind of an experiment. I needed to see what I was capable of and you were perfect. Now that I know better, I'm gonna take my time with everyone I seduce. Otherwise, where's the fun?" She looked to Teresa, eyebrow raised.

 She was uncertain how to feel about that. Part of her felt proud to have been Blair's first choice, but another side of her felt angered that she was little more than an experiment, and yet, at the same time, she couldn't feel the emotion as strongly as she would expect. It confused her. Anyone would be upset, nay, enraged by what she had been told. But it just wasn't there.

 "If it's any consolation, I was going to fuck you one way or another." Blair told her as they rounded a corner, their classrooms coming into sight. Teresa grinned slightly. She knew that much. Blair would fuck whoever she wanted, when she wanted, that much was obvious to her now.

 "Thanks, I guess. Will... will you do it again? Some other time, I mean?" Teresa asked, blushing slightly. Despite her mind and body being perfectly willing, she was still apprehensive about changing the way she had been for her entire life; introverted, sometimes moody, and as pure as a modern teenager could be. She had been a virgin, looked at maybe a few hours' worth of porn in her entire life, and had flushed tomato red when anyone she considered attractive said so much as hello to her. And here she was asking this gorgeous intersexed woman to have sex with her again.
