 Author's Note: A Brief word of warning before you read this chapter. This contains the following: Severe cum inflation, mild growth, a cock thirty inches long, tentacles, nipple and urethral penetration and futanari. If these are good with you, then please read on and let me know what you think, if not then do not continue.

*****

Blair could hardly believe how fortunate she'd been. She kept glancing at herself in the rear view mirror, grinning at her beauty, so great she was certain supermodels would fall to their knees in reverence of her appearance. The thought wasn't even that much of an exaggeration, as the reminder of the being that gave her this look, pulsed between her legs, eager to lose its virginity in the days to come, even though the past week had seen its use more often than not. Blair's smirk widened, showing her perfect, white teeth as the previous seven days played over in her mind. She could feel her cock throb in arousal at the memories.

The day she had woken to find her massive cock, had been one of discovery. Every time she touched herself, she found a new point of distinct pleasure. Simply touching her toned stomach was enough to have her thoughts conjure images of women all worshipping her cock, even getting dressed became a pleasurable act now. Blair had fortunately grown used to the new sensations of her body, able to control them to a certain degree so that she wouldn't grow hard, however her grip was tenuous at best and even the slightest slip up left her in a haze of lust for several orgasms. That was something she had been very pleased to note, that she could experience multiple climaxes.

Her refractory period was almost non-existent. By the time she had caught her breath after an orgasm, her balls were full of cum again and eager to expel it, not only that but her superhuman stamina made it so that she didn't tire for hours to come. She chuckled to herself at the memory of a time when she had gone for a full twenty four hours without rest, simply drinking her cum for nourishment. That was something of note as well, that her cum, so thick it had to be chewed half the time, was a perfect source of any and all nutrients she needed. It didn't hurt that it tasted possibly better than any meal a world renowned chef could ever make.

Blair had noted a very slight, but continuous growth as. Within the week, she had added an inch to her bust, hips, height, cock and balls. It was something she had expected, though Blair had assumed the plant's growth to be tied to fucking her in some way, as if her juices were what it needed, however she was unable to test this theory before it had passed. It made no true difference though, since she would carry out its last request, that she share the pleasure she had experienced with the rest of the world, or at least the women. Blair unconsciously licked her lips at the thought of her childhood friend turned hated enemy, Riley, begging for her cum.

She shook aside those memories. Every time she thought of Riley, hatred seethed within her, for all the times the popular girl had mocked her, pranked her and abused her. Blair had every intention of revenge, however she would wait until she was fully accustomed to her body, or it reached its peak. The second option made her shudder in arousal, thinking of how impossibly huge she could get. There had never been someone like her before, as such she wasn't sure if her longer lifespan, or human DNA would allow herself to grow continuously, like a snake. It almost had her giggling in delight as she pictured herself standing seven feet tall, with a cock twice the size of her.

She returned her mind to the cabin. It was a mess now, one that she had no intention, nor desire to see cleaned up. Her cum, a strange dark white colour, coated almost every surface in several layers, the amount she produced enough to flood her bathtub, and then some. If she had to guess, Blair would say she came roughly a hundred or so gallons with every orgasm, and the amount was only increasing as she grew. There was no real way to tell, since she had no idea what the actual measurements of her tub were, nor did she have any containers at her disposal that could even hope to hold a fraction of her climax. Her cum was so thick as well, able to completely conceal anything buried in it.

Trees passed by in a flash. Her windows were rolled down, letting the fresh air blow into her truck, letting her fill her lungs with the scent, though the plants had faded since its passing a week ago. It still saddened her, but it was hard not to feel grateful to the dead, even if it was a strange botanical life form, when it had done so much for her in such a short time. Blair had never noticed before, but her eyes had been below average before, though she, or her parents, had been concerned since she could see well enough, however now she realised how poor her sight had been. It might have been her supernatural body, but she could see the trees clearly, despite driving at a good fifty miles an hour. Each leaf falling seemed up close to her, and yet she knew they were a fair distance away.

Blair thought back to the Twilight films. While they were terrible in her eyes, laughably so, she couldn't help but compare her new vision with that of a vampire's, particularly the scene where Bella Swan, the so called protagonist of the franchise, ran as a vampire for the first time. She could see everything in perfect detail, even running at such high speeds. Blair was like that right now, taking in the world through a bright new light. Even her hearing was far better, catching the sound of animals scurrying about over the sound of her roaring engine. Smell was thankfully only mildly enhanced, only to the point where she could pick up and tell different scents apart easier. Blair had no desire to be able to smell faeces from miles away.

Eventually she broke away from the forest, seeing her home city of Portland, Oregon. The dense woods around it made it ideal for her, who enjoyed getting away from the loud sounds or foul stenches of the city. Blair had considered learning to ski, or snowboard before, however her body had been too frail and her will too weak to even begin. Even now, with her superhuman form and sharper mind, she had no intention of learning either sport. Her mind was set on sexual pleasure alone.

Back in the city, she was glad her senses seemed to lower their sensitivity. Portland, while one of the most environmentally friendly cities around, still reeked of excess exhaust fumes and sweat, particularly because of the runners and bicyclists around nearly every corner. Blair made her way to her home, a large suburban house with two floors, three bedrooms, a guest room and two bathrooms. It was nice, if generic, however that made no difference to Blair. Her room was up the stairs, directly in front of the staircase. Her door was painted white and extremely bland at a glance, much like her room. She parked in the drive, next to her parent's sleek sports car, and went inside.

Blair had already decided to claim she'd had a sudden, very effective growth spurt over the summer. She was certain they'd believe her, given their gullible nature, though they were effective businessmen, running a local, small chain of popular retail stores. Blair never paid much attention to what they did, and they returned in kind. She knew they cared for her, not just from the amount of money they put into her savings account every month, but in how they looked at her. Blair had been good at reading people's expressions ever since she was a kid, though she rarely looked people in the eye, with the exception of her mother and father. Their eyes were always full of love and a concern that they weren't doing enough for her.

Now, Blair stepped into the sitting room. They were on the couch, watching a rerun of Breaking Bad, but soon turned their attention away from the screen.

"Hi Mum, hi Dad." She said in shy greeting, looking away as they stared at her. Blair's voice hadn't changed fortunately, though it was slightly husky at all times now.

"Blair?" Ashley Robins, her mother, asked in disbelief. She looked her daughter up and down, taking in the sudden height increase, along with the gorgeous shape to her body, the hourglass figure almost ridiculously exaggerated, yet not enough to make her seem like a pervertedly designed comic character.

"I, uh, I guess I went through a growth spurt." Blair said, still not looking them in the eye. She wasn't shy, nor nervous, she just wanted to appear that way. She had made sure her new clothes were modest, only showing a small amount of her substantial cleavage, while keeping her legs concealed in her loose, lightly distressed jeans. Her sleeveless shirt strained to do its job of hiding her considerable bust, but it was barely big enough to reach her hips, despite it being several sizes bigger than anything she'd worn before. Her pants did a good job of protecting the one thing she had no intention of revealing to her parents, though a slight bulge was visible upon close inspection, however they were too busy taking her new appearance in. William, her father, finally spoke.

"Wow, you really filled out, honey." He said jokingly, before adding in a deathly serious tone, "Make sure you're careful around the boys, they'll be hounding you." Blair wasn't sure, but she swore she heard a hint that he was struggling against doing just that.

"Well, uh... there's something else, I want to tell you." She said, making herself blush as she looked down. They bought the act easily enough, showing only concern for her.

"What it is, baby? We're here for you, you know that right?" Ashley said, standing and placing a comforting hand on Blair's shoulder, who took a deep breath looked up into her mother's face. It wasn't until then that she realised her plans might be harder than she'd initially thought, as her cock throbbed in longing at the sight greeting her. Ashley was a well kept businesswoman, her make up applied expertly, and even without it, she was still a beautiful woman of thirty-seven. Her lips were full and coated in a blood red lipstick, her cheeks were well rounded, while her eyes, framed by thick lashes, were a piercing blue. Blair took another deep breath to steady herself, before she continued.

"I'm... a, uh, a lesbian." She said the word in a whisper, something her parents didn't hear properly. Blair knew she wasn't exactly choosing the right time, however there wasn't really any time one could consider right. She figured it was best to get it out of the way now, similar to ripping off a band-aid. Not only that, but if they thought she was so honest as to share her sexual orientation with them, then neither of her parents would think to question her further, allowing Blair to better keep her more unnatural secret.

"What was that, sweetie, I couldn't hear you?" Ashley asked.

"I'm, um, I'm a lesbian." Blair repeated herself, louder this time. She looked at their faces, seeing surprise flash over them, before they chuckled lightly.

"You were worried about that? Blair, sweetie, we would accept you if you said an octopus was hot." William said, obviously joking, but the message got across all the same. Blair smiled at them thankfully, and hugged her mother close, thanking them under her breath. She knew they were still somewhat surprised by the sudden change to her appearance and the reveal of her sexual preference. It brought an interesting question to Blair though, about whether she actually counted as a lesbian or not, given her male genitals and only partial human biology now. It didn't matter, she was still distinctly feminine and identified as a 'she', so a lesbian was as good a word as any for her, though whoever she slept with might be considered bi-sexual perhaps? Blair shook the thoughts away, deciding them to be unimportant.

"I'm just gonna go to my room for now, if that's okay? The internet was pretty shit at the cabin." She told them, already picking up her suitcase and heading for the stairs. As she climbed up, she heard her father call up:

"Told you it wasn't a good idea." Followed by a low chuckle. Blair couldn't help but grin, glad for the return to normalcy after her summer, even if it had been fantastic. She knew she should have probably held off on revealing her new sexual preference, though she had been bi-curious for some time prior to it, and they seemed to know it too. Blair opened her bedroom door and stepped inside, seeing her turquoise painted walls greeting her, decorated with a family photo from when she was young, just like the ones that hung in her parent's bedroom and in the sitting room. She was still a toddler when they took, and it had clearly not been the best day for her, since she was in the middle of kicking her dad's face when the picture was taken. Why they had kept it, she didn't know, though it did bring a small grin to her face at the sight.

A couple of band posters were stuck to the wall by her bed. She had no real interest in music, but there were a few bands here and there that she enjoyed, though it was mostly rock or metal, like Black Veil Brides or the classic days of Metallica. Her small stereo sat on a nearby night stand, still plugged in and ready to go. Blair grimaced at that fact, having thought she'd turned everything off when she'd left, however it was on and that was that. She walked over to it and clicked play, Enter Sandman's signature riff coming on instantly. She hummed along with it as she unpacked, throwing out her old clothes and replacing them with her new ones, though, if her growth went as she expected, they might need to be replaced soon as well. She shrugged to herself, and decided to cross that bridge when she came to it.

When she was finished, Blair laid back on her bed. She didn't risk removing her pants, despite her desire to masturbate then and there, knowing her parents could come up at any time, given what she had told them. As such, she spent her time thinking of what tomorrow, Monday, would bring, given that it was her first of school. Absent-mindedly, she began to sing along to the song, even as she planned out her day. She would strike a conversation with a goth girl she knew, Teresa, if she remembered correctly. The two might have been friends, but the Blair had been more than a little intimidated by the people Teresa tended hang out with, and had very little to talk about with them. To Blair, the young woman as a first time as any.

Her thoughts turned to the last time she saw Teresa. The goth had a great body, even hidden as it was beyond her black clothing, though she had a thing for corsets, having come in on more than a few occasions wearing a leather, Victorian style corset. They really highlighted her already great features, pushing her breasts up and giving her a deep cleavage, while slimming her already thin waist. Teresa often wore tight jeans or hot pants, and her, admittedly small, ass cheeks were hugged perfectly by them. As one might expect, she wore black lipstick, thick eyeliner and had numerous piercings.

None of these turned Blair away however. Despite Teresa's disclaims that she was just dressing how she wanted, Blair knew she was aware of how alluring her glossy lipstick was, especially on her full lips. Her hair was long, dyed black and fell in a straight wave to her waist. She had been only a couple of inches taller than Blair was, making her large breasts, something Blair guessed to be D cups, standing out much more on her small frame. The thoughts were getting to her, as Blair felt her jeans becoming uncomfortably tight around her growing erection. She turned her mind to the possible downsides to yesterday.

People would make rumours. She knew that much, given her extremely altered body. If Blair was right, the rumours would be about her getting plastic surgery during vacation, and that she was a slut exploiting her parent's money to try and steal all of the girl's boyfriends away. Then, when she did no such thing, they would spread the rumour that she was a lesbian, something she had no qualms about confirming if they asked or confronted her about it. Any insult hurled at her, or physical abuse, would simply fuel her desire. She knew the plant meant for her to share the pleasure she had experienced, but human beings were highly emotional, and Blair was no exception, even now. An amusing thought of literally taking over the school brought a smile to her face.

The only other issue was her libido. Blair had no real interest in incest before, though now she wasn't so sure, given how her cock had reacted to her mother's face. Even now, she had to stop herself from fantasying about those full lips, opening wide to accept her twenty five inch phallus, sucking on the tip, before gagging as she tried to take more. Blair managed to halt the images before her cock reached full erection, its shape already bulging obscenely through her jeans, the clothing stretched taut around it. She took deep breath and sang along to Sad But True, noting, to her surprise, that she actually sounded good. That and one of her personal favourite songs calmed her down quickly.

The rest of the day went by quickly. Blair had gotten back a little before noon, so she spent most of her time testing her new body's capabilities, particularly her incredible strength. She'd had plenty of time at the cabin, however her hands had been preoccupied during that time, as such she went down to the basement, where her dad kept his underused weights. Ashley simply smiled to her daughter, though Blair was certain it was forced, but she made no acknowledgement of this and simply continued down the stairs, turning on the light as she did so. William didn't have many weights, the largest only weighing about thirty kilos at best.

Blair passed the time bench pressing the largest weight. Even after the feats she had pulled during the summer, it had never truly dawned on her how strong she had really become, as she passed the hundred mark, yet her breathing and pulse were calm as ever. She found her father had a set up to do chin ups, though Blair doubted it had actually been used since it was installed. She got her grip and began to pull up, lifting her entire body weight with ease, though her legs swayed slightly from the movement, her thighs rubbing against her large balls to her slight pleasure. As she passed twenty, the door to the basement opened and she dropped down.

Almost as if to keep up her appearances, Blair's body produced sweat and she made herself breathe heavily. She knew this would wear thin very quickly, having to hide her new abilities from her parents, however they had just seen her new appearance and learned of her sexual orientation. She walked to the smaller dumbbell and acted like she had just put it down.

"Didn't think you were interested in these things." Ashley said, coming down the stairs with a basket of laundry under her arm. It was rare that she did household chores, opting to hire a maid to clean up during the day, but it was still summer vacation and she even found she'd missed the act of washing up, even if it wasn't always pleasant.

"Yeah, I'm not, uh, I wasn't, I mean. I think I just got tired of being so weak, I guess?" Blair said, still panting deeply and wiped a hand across her forehead, seeing it come back coated in her sweat. She wasn't sure, but Blair thought she could smell a hint of her new scent coming from the fluid. She had paid very little attention to it since her change, but being home, a place where her musk had yet to permeate, she finally noticed how she wasn't giving off her pheromones. Blair grinned internally, grateful that her body was so incredible now, in how it seemed almost smarter than she was.

"Really? Well, just don't push yourself too hard. I don't like the idea of you being a body builder, you'll ruin that body of yours." Ashley said, clearly missing her own tone, but Blair didn't. She caught the very slight arousal in her mother's voice, and the very weak increase in her breathing, clearly having caught Blair's scent, but unable to tell what it was. Even so, Ashley went about unloading the washing machine and getting the new batch in.
