 She sat in the trees as often as she could. Behind the isolated cabin in the grove of dogwoods and firs, she felt free and at peace, away from the pressures of numbers, mistakes and escalating stress. Once more, her supervisor warned her that morning. One more calculation error and she'd be terminated.

She climbed into the branches to look out over the lake as it rippled along the shore, in a dance she wished she could emulate. To be part of the water would be fantastic but it was not yet summer and the waters were too cold to submerge in.

The day she heard the whispers tell her how beautiful she was was the day she began her ventures into the forest more often. She knew her friends talked behind her back, questioning her sanity and social skills, but they had no idea the pleasures the forest held. They lived in a world of tall, glass buildings and tile floors, fluorescent lights and fax machines.

Sitting at the base of a birch on the edge of a small clearing by the lake on that day, she closed her eyes to doze. She felt the breeze graze her cheek and leaned back her head on the trunk of the tree, breathing in the fresh scents of new leaf and damp earth.

"You are beautiful!" a deep, decidedly masculine voice enthused.

She was not afraid. She responded to the air around her for nothing was visible.

"Am I?" It was not something she heard often. She was average in height and had blue eyes. If asked, she would have described her hair as brown. It was shoulder length and she kept it in a ponytail whenever she wasn't sleeping. "Yes, you are." A form materialized before her as if the particles of air fused together to create something new. She could only stare as a full-size male appeared before her. His skin was the colour of cinnamon and seemed to have texture akin to velvet. She longed to touch him. It was as if he was made for her hands.

"Touch me," he commanded as if reading her thought. Standing before her, his long uneven hair framed his face and his chocolate eyes turned her insides to liquid caramel. Still she felt no fear. This man was here for her and deep inside she knew she would not resist anything he asked of her.

When she reached out touch that silky chest, he bent down to her. He wore only trousers made from soft leather and sewn together with a hide-like material. Her fingers trembled as she slowly reached for the growing hardness beneath the leather.

"I have watched you for too long. I cannot wait longer. Have you not been waiting for me?" She felt as if she was in a trance. She knew then why the forest had always called to her. It wasn't the view of the lake or the peace the trees supplied her. It was him.

"Yes, I've been waiting for you," she answered.

"Take me then."

She felt herself grow slick between her legs. "What are you?" She was surprised to discover she wanted him rather badly. He touched her hair as he spoke, his eyes roving unabashedly over her body. 

"I am that which you cannot understand."

She tilted her head to allow her better access to her neck. He nipped and kissed, each touch a searing reminder that he was real.

"How do you know I wouldn't understand? He reached below the neckline of her tee shirt and palmed her breast. She lost her train of thought, reclining onto the cool grass.

"I am what you would call a faerie, a fey. I do not reside in your realm but I've been watching you."

"You are not of this world."

"No, I am not but you are mine." He flipped her top over her head and took a vulnerable nipple in his mouth. His tongue was hot and shot jolts of electricity to her core. At the same time his strong fingers slipped down her pants and cupped her warm, wet folds. When his slim finger slipped inside, a moan escaped her lips. She ground against his hand, urging him to continue.

"You're mine," he growled.

"Yes, I'm yours."

He roughly removed her clothing and discarded his pants, flinging them far behind him. She watched his huge cock with utter fascination as it strained against itself, reaching for her as if it could escape its bodily confines. When she took it in her palm, she revelled in the warmth. He arched back, towering above her in his full glory. He was luminous, glowing brightly in his arousal.

He laid her back on the ground and settled between her thighs. She stroked his biceps, marvelling at the strength and beauty held within this mythical being who aroused extremely real feelings deep within her. She wrapped her legs around his thick torso, ready for wherever he took her. He positioned himself with agility and pressed against her slippery cleft. The pressure was teasing and she teetered on the edge of intoxication. She lifted and tilted her hips, forcing him inside her. He groaned, rocking against her. 

His shadow blocked the setting sun from her eyes as it illuminated his form. He appeared unearthly as he most likely was. A faerie male. She would never be this lucky again. Fantasies come true. In all her books lined up on her night table, they'd appeared erotic, powerful and cunning, the opposite of their delicate, butterfly female counterparts...and he chose her to mate with. The thought of denying him never crossed her mind.

The friction inside her built to an unbearable tension. Her muscles tightened around his turgid length and he quickened his thrusts. Her hair caught his hot, panting breaths as he nuzzled her.

She could feel him pushing at her core but it only brought her closer to her release. She arched up against him as convulsions began pulsing inside her.

He rose higher and held a solid thrust. She felt a warm liquid flow into her and caught her breath. He collapsed against her with complete disregard to her tiny form. She wrapped her arms around his torso, bringing his weight fully upon her. Despite his size, he was lighter than she would have imagined.

When he withdrew she let out a final gasp as he slipped from her. He stood before her practically glowing, sun-warmed and creamy, unflawed in his mythical perfection. "Remember that you are my female. I will return."

She disregarded the possessive tone, knowing she'd been chosen.

"I am your female," she repeated, lying naked and feeling ecstasy in her role as a faerie male's lover. He'd ruined her for human men. She would come to this clearing whenever her life allowed and lie with her faerie.