 Quick A/N:

1. This is my first time writing anything so I understand the first part was rough, thanks for not being assholes about it though (hopefully this part is better.)

2. I don't know how to respond to comments so I'm sorry if you think I'm a dick for ignoring you.

3. I assumed Sci-Fi was for like aliens and space so I just tagged it as lesbian, will change for this one.

4. Can someone help me with the rating system on this site. Right now the first part says 4.44/64 ... that makes no sense to me. Is that good or bad, plz help

***

Over the next week plans were made to get Ellie safely out of the country. Mac and Dylan had already left the state and we're heading for LA to join up with another group. Tina and Cait were out getting a fake passport for Ellie. Cait decided to go to Mexico where Cait's mom lived along the east coast. She did ask Tina to join them but for some unexplained reason, she politely declined, looking almost sad.

Since Cait and Ellie first slept together Ellie had felt an odd connection to Cait. For example, while Cait was getting the fake passport Ellie just sat on the kitchen island looking at the front door with an emotionless expression. She's noticed herself doing this and tried to stop it but it never worked, she's wondered if it's a human thing or a cat thing or maybe something completely different but has decided just to let it happen.

It was 4pm and Ellie was still sitting on the kitchen island in the same place Cait had left her. Her ears perked up when she heard a car door close from outside, she started smiling at the door. Cait had only been gone an hour but to Ellie it could have been all day. Then the front door opened and in the doorway Ellie saw Cait with her knee high black skirt and white tank top holding a small black bag, Tina standing behind her.

Cait giggled as she shut the door and saw Ellie. "We've spoke about this Ellie, you don't have to sit there and do nothing when I'm gone." She said walking up the her. 

"I know but ... it's weird ... it's like, when your not here, what's the point. It's hard to explain." Ellie replied. Cait picked Ellie up from the counter and kissed her, Ellie's legs and arms quickly wrapped around Cait.

Cait pulled back after a few seconds and looked in to her eyes. "Good news. Got your new passport, booked a private Jet from a private airfield and all the bags are packed. This time tomorrow we'll be laying on the beach and you'll be completely free." She said with a smile which Ellie reciprocated.

"Can we go other places too?" Ellie asked with a little excitement.

"What do you mean?" Cait replied as she walked in to the living room, followed by Tina, and sat down on the large white couch with Ellie still in her lap. 

"Well I've never been out of that lab place. Can we go see what else there is?"

"Once were settled and have our own place in Mexico I'll take you where ever you want Kitten." Cait said with a couple of quick kisses to Ellie's lips. Cait then began playing with Ellie's tail with her fingers, something she knows Ellie likes.

"Have you told your mom yet?" Ellie asked moving her hands to rest on Cait's sides.

"I've asked her if we could stay with her until we get our own place. She said yes but kept asking why, I just told her I would explain when we see her. Why?"

Ellie was biting the inside of her cheeks nervously. "Well ... what if your mom isn't ok with you bringing a wanted criminal to her house or what if she just doesn't like me." Ellie asked.

"First of all your not a criminal, plus my mom already knows what Tina and I do. Second, she'll love you because you make me happy. Now please stop worrying." Cait said calmly with a hand gently rubbing Ellie's lower back.

"Yeah, she'll love you Ellie, don't worry." Tina said happily, her phone then buzzed. "Oh shit, I gotta go." Tina said in a rush as she got up.

Ellie quickly got off Cait's lap and jumped right in to Tina's arms, her legs wrapping around her waist. "Nooooo." Ellie whines pressing her face in to Tina's neck.

Tina laughed and used her spare hand that wasn't under Ellie to stroke her hair. "I need to go. I'm sure we'll see each other again."

Ellie slowly pulled away and had a serious face on. "Thank you."

Tina smiled at her. "Any time ... I'll see you around my pretty kitty." She said then gave Ellie a quick kiss on her cheek before letting her go.

Cait stood up and hugged her. "You should come visit once were there." She said.

"I-I dunno." Tina replied. Before Ellie and Cait got together, Tina and Cait would mess around with each other but nothing serious ever came of it. As much as she wishes she could go back and change that, she's glad it's Ellie she's with and not some gold digger bitch.

"Please, we'll miss you." Cait said softly.

Tina sighed, she kissed Cait's cheek and smiled. "I'll think about it ... now I really gotta go."

———

Cait woke up the next morning just as the sun began peeking through the large windows of her bedroom. Ellie was curled up in a ball next to her with her head resting on Cait's chest. 

Seeing as it was going to be a big and busy day for her Cait decided to let her sleep in. She slowly removed her body from Ellie and replaced it with the pillow she slept on, Ellie's keen sense of smell would make her think Cait is still there and not her pillow.

The bags were already packed and waiting so there wasn't a lot to do at this time. They both needed clothes so Cait went to her wardrobe and began searching for things to wear. As it would be hot in Mexico she went with a tight pair of white shorts and a light pink V neck top.

Ellie was different though, her tail and ears had to be hidden. As Ellie didn't like clothes Cait never bought her any so she would have to wear things way to big for her. She found a pair of light blue jeans, with a nice leather belt, a tight white top, which would be pretty loose on Ellie and a large sunflower hat which was the only hat she owned. 

After picking both outfits out she laid them on the bed and left the room. Ellie was still sound asleep as she shut the door. 

About 20 minutes later Cait returned with two plates of Eggs, bacon and waffles. As soon as the door shut Ellie's head shot up, she looked down at the pillow with confusion and smelt it, it smelt like Cait but she wasn't in bed.

Cait watched the cuteness of Ellie waking up with a pillow and cleared her throat behind her. Ellie jumped slightly and turned her body. "CAIT!" She yelled happily and jumped out of bed.

"Whoa whoa whoa, let me put these down." Cait replied with a hurried voice. She still had both plates in her hand but quickly put them on the bed. As soon as she did, Ellie leaped into her arms. Her legs and arms wrapping tightly around Cait with her face buried in Cait's neck. "All ready for today Kitten?" Cait asked while lightly dragging her nails over Ellie's naked back.

"Yeah, I'm really excited! I've never been on a plane before, it'll be fun!" Ellie said enthusiastically.

"Good. There is one small issue though, you will have to wear clothes." Cait replied while pointing at the clothes laid out at the bottom of the bed.

She felt Ellie slouch in her arms slightly and a small pout form on her lips. "I don't wanna." Ellie said childishly.

"You only have to wear them until we're on the plane, then we can go to our room and you can be as naked as you want." Cait explained. She then held Ellie tighter and kissed her. Ellie's lips being so soft and small in comparison to her own. After only a matter of seconds Ellie's enthusiasm returned as was kissing Cait just as passionately.

They continued kissing for a couple of minutes until Cait felt something rubbing her panties under her shirt. She could feel Ellie's nails digging in to her back. Then she realised, the soft and weak appendage was Ellie's tail. It had curled under her and between Cait's legs, Ellie really knew how to turn Cait on. To think when they first got together Ellie thought Cait would not like her because of her tail, now Ellie uses it as a way to turn Cait on.

Cait pulled out of the kiss which made Ellie whimper and chase after her lips again. Cait laughed in to the kiss and reached down to take Ellie's tail in her hands and begin stroking it. "Ellie ... we can't ... we'll do this later ... we need to get going." Cait tried to explain between kisses.

Ellie moved back to look in to Cait's eyes, without saying a word she pushed her hips in to Cait's front. Cait's instantly felt her thin shirt get damp in the spot where Ellie's pussy was. She bit her lips and used all her will power not to push Ellie on the bed and bury her face between the other girls thighs. "Once We're on the plane I promise we can continue." Cait said. With one last kiss Ellie dropped to the floor and the pair began getting ready.

Once they ate breakfast they started getting dressed. After a bit of help with the belt Ellie was looking at herself in the mirror with an annoyed face. "I look stupid!" Ellie remarked.

Cait walked up behind her in her own clothes and looked at Ellie through the mirror with her arms wrapped lazily around Ellie's neck. "No, you look beautiful Kitten."

"No I look weird." Ellie said lowly.

"Ellie, it doesn't matter how you look. What matters is getting on that plane." Cait then unwrapped her arms and picked Ellie up. Ellie was pressed in to Cait's left side with her arm being more or less used as a seat for the small girl. 

With one last look, Cait and Ellie left the house and headed for the airfield. Luckily it was a private one so there wouldn't be thousands of people to worry about.

They arrived at the place and walked in holding hands. Cait was nervous as she could see a cop car outside but kept her appearance casual. She told the lady at the desk about their flight at 9am, she said everything's all ready to go so they could leave.

Once they exited the building again the cop was out and by the looks of things, waiting for them. "Let me handle this Kitten." Cait whispered without moving her lips.

"Good morning ladies, the police have been instructed to search any outgoing travellers so if you wouldn't mind handing your passports over and opening up your suitcase please." The Officer said as the pair approached.

"Sure, if you don't mind my asking, what is it your looking for, it's just I've never had to do this before?" Cait asked as she opened her suitcase and gave the officer their passports.

"Someone." He said while looking at the passports. Once he was done he handed them back to Cait. "Could you please remove your hat young lady?" He said to Ellie. 

If the officer was still looking he would see the panic in their faces but luckily he was searching their bags. Cait was trying to think of every way to get out of this situation, if he were to see Ellie's ears it would all be over. 

The officer saw a leather strap among some clothes, he instantly assumed it was a holster for a gun and removed his own from his holster. "What's in the bag!" He said aggressively with his gun out but aimed at the ground for the moment.

Cait pushed Ellie behind her body to shield her. "I don't know what you mean." She replied calmly.

"There's a holster in there, slowly take it out." He instructed. This confused both Ellie and Cait but she did as she was told and looked inside the back to find what this man was talking about.

Her face went a reddish pink at the sight of the strap. She grabbed it and slowly pulled it out, the officer kept his gun out until her saw the large purple dildo attached to it. "O-oh I'm so sorry, I just thought ..." he stuttered while returning his pistol.

Cait saw the opportunity and put on an annoyed and embarrassed voice. "Can we please just get out of here?" She said while stuffing the dildo back in to her bag.

"Yes, yes I'm sorry go ahead." The cop replied a little nervously. Cait took the case with one hand and Ellie's hand with her other, they walked to the large black private jet which was sitting just on the edge of the runway.

The airfield was tiny, it had 1 runway and one small hanger as it was mainly used for people learning to fly or for private use, such was the case today.

Ellie was awestruck at the interior, it was all fancy leather and polished wood. She counted twelve large recliner chairs, six each side, all with their own tables and TVs. There was a door at the back of the plane which Cait told her was a bedroom, or at least a room with a bed in it.

"Hello you must be Cait and Elizabeth." The pilot said, standing next to another man as they got inside. Both girls shook the two men's hands and Cait said they were. "Great well my name is Captain Rogers and this is my co pilot, Captain Cooper. If you'll take your seats we'll leave." He explained.

The pair sat right at the front in two chairs facing each other, Cait let Ellie sat at the window so she could see it all for the first time. Ellie sat down and Cait put her belt on before doing her own. "Nervous?" She asked.

"Hmmm, a little ... more excited though." Ellie beamed, the excitement was clear as day.

A few minutes later and the plane was shooting down the runway, Ellie wasn't expecting it and let out a small yelp which made Cait laugh. As soon as the plane was in the air Cait got up, unbuckled Ellie's belt and sat down in her seat with Ellie now sitting sideways on her lap looking out the window.

"This is so cool." Ellie commented as she watched the world get smaller. 

Cait just held on to her with a smile. She had been on many planes and forgot the feeling of excitement about flying. Watching Ellie face as she looked out the window brought all them feeling back to her.

Not long after the plane had gone through the clouds and Ellie couldn't see the ground anymore. She turned her body so she was facing Cait. Cait took Ellie's hat off and softly stroked her feline ears making Ellie purr. "You know ..." Cait started, she dropped her voice to a low husky tone. "I remember a promise I made this morning. Would you still like that Kitten?" She asked with a grin.

"Y-yes." Ellie stuttered with a smile. Cait then stroked her hands all the way down Ellie's back until they came to rest on her ass. With Ellie in place, Cait stood up and began walking towards the back room. 

Ellie couldn't get her clothes off quick enough and by the time the door was shut behind them, both were topless. Cait practically threw Ellie on to the large double bed inside the small room. Ellie laughed and tried to get the belt off so she could remove her jeans.

The longer it took the more frustrated it made Ellie, she had never used a belt before so had no real idea what to do. She fumbled with the buckle for almost a minute before Cait finally couldn't take the sexy girl bouncing up and down and fell on top of her. She moved Ellie's hands away and kissed her. "Relax Kitten, let me take care of it." She whispered in to Ellies ear.

Cait led a trail of kisses down Ellie's face and neck, making sure to leave a hickey on the side of her neck. She kept travelling lower, kissing down the middle of her breasts and down her stomach. She reached for the belt buckle and in one smooth motion she had it undone.

Ellie was far too turned on to let this torturous foreplay continue. She quickly slid out of the loose jeans and opened her legs wide. Cait had never seen her, or anyone for that matter, this wet. Ellie was literally dripping down her thighs, this sight was unbearable for Cait and she wasted no time in licking the juices off Ellie's left thigh, making her moan softly. She then did the same with her right one. "You taste so good Kitten." Cait hummed.

She could see Ellie's clit begging for attention which put a smile on her face. She still felt like teasing a bit first though. She pushed her lips together and gently blew on Ellie's clit. What she wasn't expecting was to hear Ellie moan and to see her pussy convulsing as she reached an orgasm.

Cait was shocked, she had barley done anything and she could see a new wave of juices leave her pussy. She pushed that thought to the back of her mind and pushed her tongue right in to Ellie's opening, collecting as much of her cum as possible. "Ca- ... Cait!" Ellie moaned as she started to come down.

Cait didn't answer and instead she moved her hands so they were holding her hips still and swiped her tongue up until it met Ellie's throbbing clit. She started flicking her tongue over it, making Ellie hum above her. She could feel Ellie trying to move her hips but Cait kept a good grip on them. Ellie had her hands on the bedsheets, her nails digging small holes in it. 

Cait wanted Ellie to cum harder than before, this thought gave her an idea. She moved her tongue away, Ellie looked down at her. "I want to try something, if your up for it?" Ellie nodded her head. "Turn over." Ellie did and was lying on her stomach with her legs on the floor and her ass up in the air.

Cait's mouth watered at the sight, she was definitely an ass person and Ellie had the cutest little ass she had ever seen. She took a cheek in each hand and began rubbing them slowly. She stretched them apart and saw both holes open up a little. 

She removed her right hand and slowly worked two fingers back inside Ellie's pussy. She watched as Ellie tail flicked around with excitement. She then leaned back in with her face and lightly brushed her tongue over Ellie asshole making her gasp slightly. Cait stopped, thinking she had crossed some type of line with Ellie. "Sorry, too much?" She said.

Ellie lifted her ass slightly higher. "No, it felt good ... again ... pleeeeeaaase!" Ellie moaned. Cait smiled at the reaction and started thrusting her fingers inside Ellie's pussy.

She once again tickled Ellie's ass with her tongue, earning another hum of approval. She did this a couple more times before she figured to step it up. She removed her fingers from Ellie's pussy and began coating her asshole with the slickness she had gathered. She twirled her index finger around it before slowly pushing in. Ellie's tail immediately shot straight but after a couple of seconds it relaxed again so Cait carried on. She kept going until she had her entire finger inside. 

Seeing the wetness forming around her pussy, she awkwardly moved her face in position and began licking her while her finger slowly worked in and out of her ass.

Her ass was so warm and tight, Cait was loving it. She began wiggling her finger inside her, hitting Ellie's inner walls while her tongue lapped at her pussy. She herself was extremely aroused by this and slipped her spare hand down to her pussy and began massaging her clit.

To get a better angel, Cait got Ellie to flip back over. This made it a lot easier for Cait to suck and lick Ellie's clit while she finger fucked her ass. Ellie had her nails extended and dug into Cait's scalp but Cait couldn't care less about any pain she might be feeling. Hearing Ellie cry in pleasure was the only thing that mattered.

She curled her finger inside Ellie ass and started pumping faster. "C-Cait ... OHHHH! Keep ... gooooooooing!" Ellie moaned as she felt her second orgasm build inside her.

Cait took Ellie clit between her lips and flicked her tongue over it as fast as she could while keeping momentum up with her finger. She felt Ellie go still above her followed by a loud moan. A quick spurt of Ellie's cum hit Cait's neck and began sliding down her chest.

Ellie was completely lost in pleasure, her mind couldn't hold on to a single thought as her body lightly shook. She could feel her clit twitch against Cait's lips and a small amount of juices sliding down her ass.

Cait also noticed this and slowly removed her finger. She let Ellie's juices cover her ass and while Ellie was coming down from her high, she slowly pushed two fingers back inside her ass.
