 This is chapter 1 of what will hopefully be a mini-novella. I focus on character development so if you are reading for a quick fix, this is not the chapter for you. Subsequent chapters with the steamy stuff will be labeled as Explicit in the title so you can just skip to it if you are inclined. 

Additionally, this world is based off of a combination of settings from the various Dungeons and Dragons worlds. I'm not trying to claim anything as my own as far as that goes, so please take it as fan fiction and nothing more. If you are familiar with those settings, a lot of things will make sense here, but I've provided enough information for you to figure it out even if you aren't. 

Thanks and enjoy! 

~Ana~ 

***** 

Hell. It was the only word really to describe what occurred. Unbriled, unexpected hell. Throughout the Universe, on every planet boasting sentient life forms, the attack occurred simultaneously and without warning. Portals opened and great demons of unimaginable strength and power flooded through, destroying everything in their path. There were some, of course, who fought. There were those who made great sacrifices and others who exacted amazing feats of heroism in order to stop the invaders, but in the end, no one survived. 

This was why those who awoke on the strange world were initially so disoriented. Of course they had believed they had died, and this was in fact the truth. In the final breath of each person who awoke in the circle in the glade, the realization of their fate had become all too real. Death had been upon them and soon they would each be with their maker. 

Confused and disoriented eyes blinked as rivulets of pure sunlight spackled across their faces. There were 18 people in total and they were all resting on the soft grass, their bodies arranged such that they formed a circle around a central blue orb which hovered passively before their feet. Among the 18 were nine men and nine women, all of whom appeared from different portions of their world. 

Certainly few recognized the styles of the garments of the others. The unfamiliarity of their mutual companions only served to further the confusion. As they awoke, some responded by dashing instantly to their feet, quickly eyeing their surroundings as if prepared for a demon to jump out at any moment. 

Others were more cautious in their movements. Nearly all of them wore the under garments to plate or other armor and while their garments were clean, it was what they had been wearing when they had died. Those who were cautious seemed to make this discovery first, noting that their armor and weapons had been removed, leaving them with only their persons for company. 

Though the circle had no direction of preference, there was among them a young woman clad in a strange but lovely dress. She couldn't have been more than her late twenties in age and unlike many of the others, the woman continued to lay in her spot. Her eyes gazed upward to the sky, as though she weren't certain it was real. Eventually, she raised a hand upward and then, upon catching sight of her hand, she began to search over her arm and hand, seemingly very interested, if not surprised, to see it. 

Very slowly, the young woman sat up, still making a study of the integrity of her body. Her hands ran over her head and then pushed through long brown locks, again very surprised to have made the discovery. 

If nothing else, while she registered that there were others around her, she seemed wildly uninterested in anyone else, presuming they didn't get too close, of course. 

Unlike many of the others, who were dressed in various degrees of armor, the woman was wearing a rather elegant gown. The style of the gown certainly did not seem like anything traditional but then, there were a plethora of lands and cultures and who knew what nobles in other parts would wear. 

"Are... Are we dead?" Asked a young man immediately to her right. He wore a simple grey tunic and seemed disappointed, as if he had expected more to cover it. The question was innocent and raw and the noblewoman to his left seemed to register that words had been spoken. 

She almost gasped at the terror of the surprise, apparently only just now realizing that others were there. Her grey green eyes scanned the rest of the circle, taking in each of the new faces like a cornered cat assessing and opponent with wild eyes. 

"I was about to ask the same myself," replied an elderly man to the young man's right. Unlike those who were more youthful, he seemed to have difficulty in propping himself up with such ease. "Is this place familiar to you... friend?" He inquired in a friendly tone, unsure of how to address the young man who spoke. 

"R-Robin. Robin Tenderfoot," the younger man answered as if not totally sure of himself. Robin, like the noblewoman, couldn't have been older than 30. His hair was cut short, save for a small braided lock at the nape of his neck and his eyes were a mix of silver and green. "I am a cleric of the honorable Heironeous," he added, this time with more surity. "I have seen many places, but this is unfamiliar to me...?" The statement trailed into a question as Robin found himself hoping the man would similarly introduce himself. 

"Albus Zediferous," the older man replied with the sort of smile only age could season. "I am familiar with Heironeous," he added, seeming to be more at ease by the introduction. "Delleb bids his followers to cooperate with your following. The pleasure is mine, good priest." 

As the two hesitantly made their exchanges, others took note. A rather handsome man with defined features slowly pushed himself up. At first, he made to defend himself from an unseen foe, but when an attack never transpired, he simply took to staring in a bewildered haze around him. The transition between such violence and such peace was profound and had left many reeling from the emotions. 

Though the man heard the exchange, his eyes shifted to the noblewoman to his right. If he had read her expression well enough, and he usually did, she was not at all familiar with Delleb or Heironeous, only furthering her personal confusion. That seemed intriguing to him, but it was not pronounced enough to capture his attention at the moment. 

"My Lady, pardon my...forgive me bold demeanor; but could you tell me? Is this the Seven Heavens, home to Rao and the place of judgment for our souls in the afterlife?", he spoke roughly at first, his tone seeming to smooth as if he remembered a manner forgotten initially but recalled as if he was born to it. 

The woman did not seem to pay much attention to the questions and the more she examined herself, the more emotionally distraught she became, though, not to the point of histrionics. The only evidence she lent to her internal turmoil was a mild glassiness to her eyes and the rapid rising and falling of her chest as she struggled to keep her calm. She had the look of someone who did not believe that what she was experiencing was real; It was a look that marked a contrast. Where ever she had been prior to waking in this paradise (by comparison), it was a stark enough difference to prompt the psychological response of denial. 

It was only when the apparent nobleman spoke to her that her gaze finally fixed on something other than her own physical integrity. Her bright grey green eyes flickered up to the deep green of the nobleman, settling upon him a gaze so intense and filled with such a commanding presence, that most would be compelled to look away. 

She said nothing, and yet, multitudes. The expression embodied the very confusion and hesitation felt by all the others. The woman opened her mouth as if to answer, unsure of herself and hesitant, and it was in that pause that others started to stir and speak as well Several of the women stood together, all seeming to take a curiousity in the orb at the center of the circle. 

"What tha fook are ya talk'n 'bout?" Came a rather lyrical voice from a man dressed in attire that seemed foreign to most everyone there. "Thar ain't but one heaven. An' ain't ther suppose' ta be a pearly gate or some such? Saint Peter and all da angels?" The man's brow frowned from confusion as he responded to the rather handsome man on behalf of the noblewoman. 

The young noblewoman turned to look at the man as he spoke, her eyes watching his mannerisms with a keen discernment, as though she were studying him like a specimen. 

Before anyone could speak further, the blue orb erupted into a pure white light which shot up into the heavens. Those who had gathered near it gasped and recoiled with the unexpected surprise. The orb did not seem malicious. In fact, it had a feel to it that was actually rather comforting, though no one had stopped to consider this. 

"Greetings, our beloved," a tranquil voice boomed from the light that now flooded the area. "Do not be afraid for a great gift has been bestowed upon you. The battle has ended but not all has been lost. Collected from among our faithful, it is you who represent the future, our beloved. You have been taken from a place of evil and death and brought here, to a world of perfection. Here you will receive the reward you have earned for your valiant efforts to save that which was tainted. Here you will give life to a world untouched by evil. Here you will find salvation." 

"Live in peace, our beloved, and be fruitful so that blessed goodness can reign freely and without fear. Beyond this glade is a city which is built for you. All which you could require is provided and for each we have designed a home. Live in peace, our beloved, and make this place a world of goodness untouched by evil. Live in peace." 

As quickly as the orb had released the warm, white light, it ceased, falling lifeless to the ground. Momentarily, the people were too stunned to speak, everyone staring in awe at the now motionless orb which had dropped carelessly to the grass. 

Wide eyes slowly started to connect with one another as everyone began searching for answers among everyone else. The noblewoman's eyes rested on a man who wore a simple black robe with a white rectangle affixed on the throat of his collar. Understanding swept over her features and in an instant, she had darted to her feet, only to collapse at his. "F-father?" She inquired, much to the interest of the others there. They hadn't recognized anyone and to learn that there were family members present was intrigueing. 

The man with the strange, fey-like accent had a similar expression and he walked over to the pair as well. "Fater," the man said reverently. "Are we... Is this heaven, fater?" 

As the three apparent family members began speaking softly to one another, the handsome man turned his attention to Robin. His expression was painted with confusion and the tinges of hope. "You are a cleric of Heronious," he commented softly as means of a segway into an introduction. "I am Istvan, loyal servant of Rao. It pains me to ask... you seem as one who would have knowledge to share with others? Please, good sir. What do you make of this?" 

"I don't know what to think," the man answered. "I am Robin," he added, extending his hand toward Istvan's in order to help him to his feet. Several people were already heading toward the aforementioned village and Robin made to walk that way, with Istvan following uncertainly. 

Robin frowned slightly. "I believe our answers will be in the village, Istvan. It is not in the nature of Heironeous to be dishonest so I must believe that we all were placed here for the purpose that he expressed; salvation. The battle against the demons certainly was not boding well," he added with a sense of humiliation. 

There was a brief pause. "I believe our first course of action, after our investigation of this village, will be to ensure that the women are safe. This could be a deception by the demons and I shall not dishonor my lord with further failure." 

"I certainly hope I am not one of these women to which you are referring," commented a woman whose stature clearly indicated she was a fighter of some sort. "You will learn swiftly, Robin servant of Heironeous, that not all women are in need of being rescued or protected." 

Robin's expression remained unchanged and discerning. "And you would be, miss?" 

"I am a servant of the most esteemed St Cuthbert, Heironite," she answered sternly. 

"Yes, I can see that by the symbol you boast," Robin continued gently. "I was asking for your name." 

"Tracy," she answered flatly as she increased her pace to get out of range and pass the pair. 

Robin let out a small sigh but said nothing. Within a few more steps they would be in the village and he would have his answers. Istvan looked back at what he assumed was a family reunion, feeling a sense of comfort by it. 

Istvan turned back and offered Robin as much of a reassuring smile as he could. "Yes," he replied, "That is most chivalrous. I shall of course aid you were I can, good priest, but I was never much of a fighter," he commented as his eyes drifted over to a man of massive proportions. Istvan didn't even bother questioning his assessment; the man was likely the most stereotypical barbarian he had ever seen and his stature alone was enough to cause concern in most everyone, particularly since all of their weapons had been removed. 

"That is apparent," commented a man from behind him. Like Tracy, this man proudly wore the symbol of St. Cuthbert and he pushed past Robin and Istvan to catch up with the apparent Paladin. 

Istvan frowned and was prepared to retort to the rather rude man when Robin spoke to him, distracting him back to their previous conversation. "It pleases me that you feel similarly, Istvan," Robin replied, also eying the barbarian with distrust. "For our own concerns... others will be comforted by our care toward the weaker sex. I believe it will be important to establish order quickly as we investigate the nature of our presence here. Ah. There is a chapel and with a bell in it's steeple as well." Robin let out a relieved sigh, offering Istvan a hopeful grin. 

"Perhaps we should join the others in a search of the village? Once we have neared completion, I shall ring the bell and summon a gathering so that we may discuss together what is to happen to us in this place." Robin clasped his hand on Istvan's shoulder before trotting off to investigate the village. 

The men walked into the village square. The place was extremely clean and well ordered, as if it had never been used. There were a few shops and a look inside proved that they were well stocked and ready for the inhabitants. In fact, many of the others were already loitering around inside various edifices. Further down the road was the chapel, which stood in the center of the town. To it's right was a building with a sign displaying a scroll and a book. Istvan did not have to guess; it was a library. It was here that Robin moved off on his own to do some more exploring, permitting Istvan an extended look inside. 

The older man who had introduced himself as Albus was not far behind them, also heading for the library. Istvan was curious, but always a dignified and polite man. "Greetings," he offered in a friendly enough voice. "I see I do not search the library alone. I am Istvan, friend," he continued. 

"Albus," the man replied with a polite smile of his own. "And it is always a pleasure to meet those who delight in knowledge." 

Istvan's smile broadened more genuinely. "I am a devotee of Rao," he replied. "I would be amiss to not avail myself to the library, particularly if a follower of Delleb is present. I can only imagine the knowledge you must hold." 

"Ah, Rao? The god of community!" The old man replied. "Then it is a pleasure, indeed." 

Without further coaxing, both men walked inside the building, heading directly for the nearest stack of books. Each one they pulled, however, revealed nothing but blank pages. Book after book it was the same. The books were all empty. Albus frowned and turned to Istvan, who exchanged a similar expression. "Why would one go to the trouble of compiling a library of empty books?" The old man asked rhetorically. 

"... Perhaps we are meant to fill them?" Istvan returned pensively. He didn't know, himself, but the suggestion was not unreasonable. Istvan paused, taking in the older man. "Forgive me if I am presumptous, but you have the look of a mage to you, whiskers and all," he approached delicately. "Is this true?" 

Albus offered a kind and pleasantly surprised smile. "Yes," he answered. "It is true that I make a study of the Arcane, though..." the man's voice trailed slightly. "In my land, the Cuthbertians have made the Arcane a target. I do not make habit of announcing as much..." 

Istvan waived the man's concern away. "I understand," he answered through a grin. "I shall make no comment of it. In truth, our occupations are similar. I am an artificer and it would bring me great joy to engage your mind in the arcane were you compelled... I do not suppose you-" 

Istvan was interrupted by the sound of two people talking. 

"Nah, Maddy, what are ya goin' in there for?" Came the voice of the man with the fey-like accent. 

"It's a library," the noble woman answered as though this were obvious. 

"Yea? So?" He asked. 

"I want to see if any books in there can tell me what's going on," she answered in a slightly tired voice. "If you don't want to come, I think Father went to go check out that chapel... thing." 

The man scoffed. "You think I'm going to let you go wander'n about with all these freaks? You're out of your fooking mind, lass." 

"John you don't even-" the woman cut off what she was going to say as she entered the library to see Istvan and Albus already going through the shelves. "E-excuse me," she offered quietly to the pair as she averted her vision to avoid eye contact. It was the noble woman and the younger man who had walked up to her and her father. 

Like Istvan, and presumably Albus before him, the woman, named Maddy, moved toward one of the bookshelves and pulled out a book, frowning deeply upon discovering it was blank. She replaced the book and took out another to make the same discovery. 

"What's the matter?" John asked her. 

"They're blank," she answered. 

"They are all blank," Albus told her gently. "So far, that is." 

"Have you checked them all?" She asked, genuinely concerned. Her eyes met Albus's and he took a sharp breath. She only had to make eye contact to intimidate, and apparently this was unintentional. Albus let the breath out and simply smiled sadly, shaking his head. 

John let out in a sigh while crossing his arms across his chest. "Come on now, lass. Let's get back to him. Ain't no answers in here." 

As quickly as they had arrived, Maddy and John tuned to leave. Istvan, however, was far too curious about them and set down his book, moving quickly over to the pair. "Excuse me, miss, sir," he addressed them in a gentle voice. "Forgive me, but I could not help but to hear that your family was brought here together." 

The woman's eyes widened slightly. "... What?" She inquired out of impressed confusion. "W-where? How did you know they were my family?" There was an almost innocent hope in her voice that showed Istvan with heart breaking accuracy that there had been some sort of misunderstanding. 

"Y-your father?" He replied, quickly realizing that the man was likely not her real father. "I-... I am sorry. I assumed the man to be-" 

"You're kidding, right?" The man named John interrupted with a scoff. "She ain't me sister nor are either of us related to the Fater. He's a priest. Fater Anthony. He ain't me pa. Come on Maddy, let's get goin'." 

Maddy lingered for a moment, casting a very subtle look of appology to Istvan and Albus. In that moment, Istvan's frown deepened. Only a fool would have missed her swell with hope only to be thrown down to the ground again. The woman blinked a few times, returning her gaze to John. 
