 It is most interesting how things change from what you expect them to be. Sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse. Take today for example. My plans for the day did not include being tied down to my own bed and used for someone else's sexual gratification. Yet, my day has turned out so much better than I expected. 

I am a Magi, of very small reputation, but large ambition. On many occasions I have summoned creatures from other planes of existence. Sometimes to study them, other times to use them as spies against my rivals. Today's summoning was to be something completely different. I had come across a very old book of summoning spells that would allow me to summon creatures of the abyss. Demons to be exact. 

For the last several weeks, I had spent hours each day gathering the components I would need, and drawing a new, much more powerful summoning circle. I also spent that time pouring over the book, trying to decide what type of demon I would summon and for what reason. You see, you must have a strong reason to want to summon a demon. 

I currently had no reason other than to prove I could drag a demon from the abyss and bend it to my will before banishing it back to the depths. Yes, this was a lofty goal for one of my skills, but I have been a summoner for years. I was quite sure of myself, my conviction, and my will power. 

At dawn today I set about my final preparations. After reading through the spell numerous times and deciding what type of demon I was going to summon, I began my incantation. The words flowed from my mouth, as my hands danced in the air drawing the intricate magical signs to open the gate between the abyss and the material plane. 

I basked in the power as the gate finally opened at my command. The stench of sulfur filled my nostrils, as the heat of the abyss filled the summoning chamber. Now for the most difficult part, summoning an actual demon. There are two ways of calling a demon from the abyss after you open the gate. Calling one by name, or focusing on a single type of demon. I knew no lesser demons by name, and I was not prepared to try to summon a demon lord. 

Not yet, at least. 

No, I would focus my energies on summoning a demon of lust, a Succubus. Said to be the most beautiful creatures ever created, and always looking to take pleasure in one's carnal desires. I pictured what I knew of the succubi in my mind and called out softly. 

"Come to me." 

For the longest time nothing happened. I bent my will into that call, and was rewarded when the most beautiful creature I have ever laid eyes on stepped forth from the gate. My mind was so distracted by her beauty, I nearly lost control of the summoning. Her evil, wicked grin reminded me that she was a demon. 

Chanting softly, I slammed closed the gate, thus binding the Succubus to the circle. She could not cross, and because I had closed the gate, she could not leave. I stepped back slowly, my eyes never leaving the marvel of the female form in front of me. 

Her skin was a deep-red color that seemed at first to glow softly in the limited light of the room. Long, lush, black hair topped her head and fell down her back between the bat-like wings I could see over her shoulders. Two small horns curved delicately from under her hairline, following the shape of her head. 

Her eyes glowed a soft pink, and when looking into them, I could see the promise of pleasure mixed with an animalistic hunger. Her nose was small and delicate, and her lips full and ruby-red. Her figure was a perfect hourglass shape. From her bared, ample, firm-looking breasts, that were tipped with areola so dark-red, as to be almost black, with nipples the size of blackberries; to her narrow waist and wide hips that supported the cord of a loincloth that hung to her ankles.

Noticing my lingering stare, the succubi spread her legs wider apart, striking a lurid pose as her hands slid slowly over her flat belly, and up her chest to cup her breasts teasingly. 

"Na... Name yourself, Demon," I stammered. 

"Ha ha ha," she laughed, dropping her hands to her waist. "Why should I do such a thing, Magi? Do you not have the power to force my name from me?" 

Her voice flowed over me like silk. Seductive and demanding at the same time. I knew I had to focus. Her voice held power. 

"I do not wish to cause you pain, Demon," I answered. 

Her hands slowly came back to her breasts. Fingers tracing over her hard nipples. 

"It is pleasure you seek," she purred. "I can show you pleasures lost to this world for eons." 

My eyes locked on her left hand as it left her breast, and slowly trailed down her belly. It dipped below the cord and under her loincloth, and with a soft moan, the Succubus arched her hips towards me. 

"Release me from the circle, and I will show you bliss unknown to any human," she moaned softly. 

Licking my lips, I took a step closer. My body ached for her touch already, but my mind screamed warnings at me. 

"You would use me for your own pleasures, then kill me if I were to let you out." 

She laughed again, then removed her hand from under her loincloth. She held it up so that I could see the glistening wetness that covered two of her fingers, before she moved it to her mouth and sucked softly. 

I heard a soft moan once more, but this time I knew it was mine. 

"You have no power to command me, little Magi," she said, seductively rocking her hips back and forth. "Of course I would use you, then kill you. Then I would be free to walk this world and find many others to feed my voracious appetite."

My mouth hanging open in shock, I backed away slowly. 

"You have but two choices," she purred. "Release me, and I will make your death as pleasurable as I can, or send me back to the abyss." 

I backed from the room, closing the door to put some sort of barrier between myself and the Succubus. She was my prisoner. I had summoned her from the abyss, and yet I felt she had all of the control. My body physically ached from my want of her. Reaching down I grasped myself gently through my robes, then cried out softly as my seed exploded forth at the touch. I had to grab the wall to keep from falling over as my head swam. 

I stood there, panting. Looking down at the front of my robes, now soiled from my ejaculation. I was shamed by my own weakness, my lack of control. I was better than this. Yes, I had summoned a Succubus with every intention of laying with her, but this...this was not how it should be happening. I was the summoner, and she my prisoner. I should be in control at all times. 

Needing the time to think, and not wanting to display my shame to the demon, I walked to my private chambers to change. I took my time, going over my mental notes as I changed. Leaving her trapped there in the circle should soften her will. Given enough time, the isolation would break any demon.

I closed my eyes, and took a deep, calming breath as I stood outside the door of the summoning chamber once more. It had been nearly three hours. I was sure she would not be broken yet, but I was also more sure of my own control. I pushed the door open, and strode through confidently. 

She was there, of course, she couldn't have left. Her knowing smile almost stopped me in lay tracks, but I strode right to the edge of the circle. 

"Name yourself," I commanded, bending my will against the circle. 

"Was it good for you, little Magi?" she asked, while licking her lips. "It was good for me." She bit her lip, and backed as far away from me as she could, while looking at the floor. 

I followed her gaze, and gasped as I saw the puddle where she had been standing. 

"I could hear your moan from here," she purred. "I didn't even need to touch myself to make that puddle of cum." 

I looked back at her, my mouth working up and down slowly as I tried to form some sort of response. Finally, shaking my head, I turned my back to her and walked to my workbench.

"How much would it have pleased you to have watched those juices pour from my sex?" the Succubus called after me. "Wouldn't you like to taste them? They are so sweet, like the juice of a ripe berry on a spring morning," she teased. "Give me a cup and I will fill it for you to drink." 

I tried to block her out as I opened my books. There must be something I missed in the summoning. Some key to controlling the subject. 

"Would it not please you even more, to feel my cum run over your hips as I rode your large cock?" 

An image of that scene penetrated my thoughts. This beautiful creature atop me, moaning in pleasure as I filled her. Her full breasts filling my hands as I arched my hips up again and again. Her face filled with passion as her climax, and her cum washed over us both. Her eyes... her eyes...her needful, hate-filled, eyes boring into my own. The promise of death clearly reflected in them. 

With a growl I pushed the image from my mind. 

"No!" I growled. "I will figure this out." 

I spun around in anger. I would to be in control. With a wave of my hand, manacled chains appeared around her wrists and yanked her arms over her head. From the floor more chains snaked around her ankles, and pulled her legs wide as they tightened. I watched the confidence in her eyes fade, and be replaced with abject horror. 

"No..." she whimpered. "Not again... please not again!" 

The glow faded from her eyes as she yanked her body back and forth, fighting against the chains. I walked back over to the edge of the circle. I waited for her to tire herself before daring to move any closer. She bucked and fought for several hours. The whole time crying "Not again" over and over. When she at last grew tired, and hung limply from the chains, her magnificent breasts heaving from her effort, I finally entered the circle. 

I moved close, still not daring to touch her, still afraid that she had some hidden fight left in her. She lifted her head slowly, and I saw the tears that leaked from her eyes. But more than that I saw a madness dancing in those depths. A madness that was barely being held in check. In that moment, I felt for her. No longer was she this powerful seductress, who had so powerfully dominated the room, but a broken woman in need.

"Please," she whispered "Not again... I beg of you..." 

"You are a demon of chaos," I said. "I will not let you control me." 

"I... I will obey, Master," she panted out, panic filling her voice. "Please, let me obey." 

"Tell me your name." 

The wail that escaped her lips chilled me to my bones. 

"NOT AGAIN!" she screamed, as her thrashing began anew. 

"You said you wanted to obey!" I yelled at her. "Obey me! Tell me your name!" 

The demon broke down into sobs once more. "I swore... never again." 

"You swore to never tell your name again?" I asked. 

Her answer was more sobs. 

"Fine," I answered, backing away once more. "Hang there until the morning. Maybe you will have thought better by then." 

"Please... Master..." she moaned softly. 

I stepped back and lifted her head by her chin so that I could look into her eyes once more. I was surprised by the amount of heat coming from her. 

"Your name, that is all I ask, and nothing more." 

The madness I had seen earlier still danced in her eyes. 

"Xenoreia..." she whispered, tears flooding down her face.

I snapped my fingers, and the chains all vanished. Xenoreia fell into my arms and I held her to me gently. 

"What have I done?" she whispered. 

"You have given me a way to call you back again," I answered. 

"Call..." she pushed away from me so she could look into my eyes. "You will release me?" 

"Back to the abyss, yes." 

"But..." 

"But, what?" I asked. "Did you expect me to keep you here? Locked in this circle for years as I used your body for my own pleasure?" 

"Yes..." she mumbled. 

I reached out and touched her face gently. "You are a beautiful creature, Xenoreia, but I am not a monster." 

"Why did you call me here?" 

I felt the heat rising to my face as I backed away from her. 

"To be honest... I was looking for a sexual tryst with a Succubus... I... I wasn't prepared." 

"But now you have my name, so that makes you prepared," she said softly, moving closer to me again. "Will you use me now for your pleasure? Would you use my name to bind me to you?" 

"I will not bind you, no. I would use your name to call you back from the abyss, from time to time. If you would allow it," I answered. 

She looked at me with confusion on her face. "You ask my permission?" 

"As I said, I am no monster. You are an intelligent creature possessing free will. If you ask me to never call you forth again, I promise I will not." 

Xenoreia pressed up close, wrapping her arms around me, and pulling my head down so that our lips met in a soft kiss. 

"Xenoreia..." I said softly, pulling away. 

"Call me Xeno," she said with a smile. "Why do you pull away? Do you not find me pleasing? Do you not still wish your tryst with a Succubus?" she teased. 

"After the chains..." I mumbled. "I didn't want to ask that of you." 

"Ask that of me?" she laughed. "You owe me. I have given you my name. Now you must give me something in return." 

"Would you like my name?" I asked. 

She laughed and ran a long nailed finger down my chest. "That and so much more, my little Magi." 

I swallowed hard at hearing the need in her voice. 

"Damond," I said softly. "My name is Damond." 

"Very well," Xeno purred, grabbing my hands and pressing them to her soft breasts, as she looked me in the eyes. "I swear to you, Damond, that I hold no malice for your treatment of me. Nor will I use any magic against you while I am a guest in your home. Should I break this vow, I shall be immediately cast back to the abyss from whence you summoned me."

"In return, and in payment for the pleasures you will experience with me, you will offer me the energy I will need to survive until next you summon me forth. Should you try to deny me, or cause me harm, I shall be freed of my pact, and will use my magic to take from you what I need. Do you agree to these terms, Master Damond?" 

I looked back into those softly glowing, pink eyes, searching for any untruths or misleading words. The soft, hot flesh of her breasts pressed more firmly into my hands as she leaned closer. 

"I agree, Xenoreia," I said softly. As soon as the words left my mouth, I felt a tingle. Starting at my hands, then slowly moving up my arms and spreading to the rest of my body. 

"We are now bound by our pact," Xeno said, licking her lips. "So long as I am welcome in your home, I can use no magic against you." 

"And if you do?" 

"Then I will be banished back to the abyss, to await the next call." 

I looked down at the pillowy flesh of her breasts pressing between my fingers. It was so warm, much warmer than a human's flesh. I squeezed gently, and was rewarded with a soft moan. 

"Will you keep me waiting all night, Master?" Xeno purred. "Or will you take me to your bed?" 

"Bed. Definitely bed," I said, reluctantly pulling my hands from her breasts, backing across the circle. "I invite you to visit my home, Xenoreia," I said, invoking the words that would free her from the circle of holding.

She was hesitant at first, but as soon as her foot crossed the outer lines of my circle, Xeno's confidence returned, as did her teasing demeanor. A playful smile found its way to her lips, and her hips swayed with each step, causing her loincloth to wave back and forth, offering teasing glances at the prize it hid.

I offered her my hand as a guide, but she grinned and brushed past with a teasing stroke of my arm. 

"Tell me where we are going," Xeno purred, turning to face me at the door. Her hands grasped the doorframe as she stretched, and pushed her breasts in my direction once more. Her nipples looked to be much harder, and a little darker in color than they had been before. 

I licked my lips, then met her gaze again, before nodding my head to the right.

"Down the hall, third door on the left." 

She leaned back as far as her arms would allow, her hands still clutching the doorframe, and looked in the direction I had indicated. I took a step closer, slowly lifting my hands towards those beautiful breasts again. Without even looking at me, Xeno giggled and and let herself fall backwards into the hallway. I gasped thinking she would fall to the hard floor, but her wings flapped quickly and she was leaning against the opposing wall biting her lip at me again. 

I couldn't help but smile at her playful teasing. 

Xeno pulled away from the wall, and slowly started walking down the hall. She looked over her shoulder at me as her hips gave an exaggerated sway. I nearly tripped over my own feet at the quick glance that that offered me of her full, round ass. She swayed back in the other direction with a giggle. Her hands ran down her sides slowly as she walked, then playfully teased at the bows in the cord holding her loincloth in place. 

"This door?" she asked pointing at it. 

I had been so entranced with her teasing, I had to look up and down the hallway to make sure. 

"Yes, that's the one," I answered. 

"Good," she purred, pushing open the door, and tugging loose the bow on her hip. "All of your teasing has pushed me right to the edge." 

She took one step, and her loincloth fell to the floor just inside the door. 

My bedchamber is one of functionality. I come here to change clothing and rest, nothing more. There is a small wardrobe in one corner, and a bed just large enough for me. 

Xeno turned to face me, pressing her legs tightly together, and blocking my view of her most private treasure with her hands, as she swayed her hips from side to side. 

"What type of lover do you prefer, Master?" she asked. 

I swallowed hard at the question. 

"Do you prefer a shy, submissive lover, or do you prefer someone who takes control and dominates the room, or something in-between?" 

"I... I mean..." 

"You have been with a woman before, have you not?" she teased. 

"Yes, of course, its just..." I said, searching my brain for an answer. 

"Never one as beautiful or forward as me?" Xeno asked with a grin. 

"Once... with a woman from town," I finally offered. 

"Once with a... Ah, I see. Young Master Damond has been with one woman, and that he had to pay for." Xeno teased again. "And now, he summons a Succubus to share his bed. But one must wonder why? Is he horribly disfigured under that robe? Afraid of the screams of those he tries to bed? Or is he woefully under-endowed, and fears the whispers that would be spread about him by the women of the night? Or..." 

Xeno moved her hands to her hips and spread her legs slowly. Her hairless sex glistened in the soft light of the room, as did her inner thighs. Already my mind was wondering what it would be like to kneel before this goddess and drink from her sacred pool. 

"Or is he the shy submissive type that I have been searching for?" she asked with a growl. 

My face felt as if it was on fire. 

Xeno moved closer and slid her hands around my waist. "Let's find out, shall we?" 

I couldn't tear my eyes away from hers, as she slowly untied my belt, and let it drop to the floor. Each movement that she made oozed sensuality. I could almost taste it in the air, and feel it washing over my skin. Xeno's hands slid into my robes, and her fingers slid over my belly, and around to my back as she pressed up against me. 

"No scars that I can feel," she said with a smile. 

Her hands slid down cupping my ass and pulling me tighter against her. 

"No excessive fat or lack of muscle tone," Xeno said. 

One of her hands came around and gently grasped my engorged member. I gasped, and prayed that I did not cum at her simple touch. 

"My, my, nothing to be ashamed of here either," she cooed. "I bet many a maiden in your village would be frightened of your size. But not me," she purred 
