 This is the fifth chapter in my long series. The previous four chapters are published in the Mind Control category on this site and you really have to read them first or this story makes little to no sense. I've tried to recap the main points of the previous chapters in the beginning of this one, because of the category change, but there's just too much exposition and characterization already written. Please click on my username, or the "Also in this series" links at the end of this chapter, and read the first four chapters. 

Thanks for reading!

*****

If someone had told Jamie Jacobs, just six short months ago, that he would one day be bored with having four hot, big breasted chicks that wanted to be fucked by him day and night, he would have called the men in the white lab coats to come quick and bring their butterfly nets, their escapee was right there. Recent experiences showed him they would have been telling the truth.

Six months ago, he was a simple nerd, finishing high school and dividing his time between studying, working part time at an electronics store and playing computer games. Then everything changed one day, when he accidentally caught his neighbor, and long time inspiration for masturbation, Helena Worth, draining him of his life force to make her breasts grow and wiping his mind of it afterwards. He pitted his friend Cyrus' electronics savvy against the witch just in time to find out that three more witches were going to do the same to him.

In the grips of rage, he turned their own magic and rituals against the three girls and they wound up being his obedient, big breasted slaves. Sandra Grant, a short haired brunette with bright, blue eyes and an enchanting, dimpled smile, unintentionally gave up her freedom and half her sorcerous power to Jamie in exchange for bigger breasts. Her friend, Rose Romano, an auburn haired, petite beauty did the exact same thing. Sonya Mitchell, the tall brunette, had been humiliating Jamie for all his life, so he took for himself all of the power she was born with, and made her unable to think of anything but sex and obeying his orders, ever again. After he had done all that, he began to realize what a shitty thing it was to do. Talk about your overkill.

His regrets didn't stop him from going after Helena Worth, the girl that had targeted him for the simple reason of proximity, and having Rose drain her of her power. He then transformed her personality into that of a lover that would be perfect for him, using the same ritual she used on her boyfriend, just minutes earlier.

The whole "magic is real" thing baffled him for a good, long while, until he decided to discard all the stuff written in ancient grimmoires, that the girls were toting around, and envisioned himself as a Jedi knight. He began to feel and use his newly acquired power as if it was the Force, and he was delighted when he started to get a handle on things.

The true extent of his idiocy only came to him when Helena announced her mother was coming home, that she was also a witch, and that her whole, numerous family was made up of witches that worked for Section, the government agency that enforced law and order in the supernatural community. He led his four slave girls on the run and they used their magic to win a lot of money at a Las Vegas casino.

Las Vegas had thrown him for another loop, as nearly all the casinos there had tables that were enchanted to prevent magic being used to rig the game. The ones that didn't, had witches and warlocks on staff to check big winners for magical tampering. They got away with millions of dollars, but also by the skin of their teeth, and had Cyrus' mob buddies conceal all that money from the authorities, for a price, and give it back to them, along with new identities they could live under.

They had just retired to an isolated beach house to spend the summer on, when the other shoe dropped. Helena's mother didn't just shrug and say, "Oh, well," when her only child vanished with but a note to say she'd gone. She tore Jamie's family apart, having his mom arrested under bullshit charges and sending his baby sister into the foster care system. Jamie used the fact that his power was as strong as the powers of Sandra and Rose put together, so they enchanted some jewelry and strips of leather with wards that prevented their detection. They did the same and much more to a Subaru supercar and a BMW X5. The cars were rendered immune to theft and damage by their magic wards.

He had since learned that their wards were unique because they were cast with the same amount of male and female power at the exact same time in the exact same manner. These things made them perpetual, unlike the wards that were cast by all the other mages on record, that had to be replenished after a while. A lot of Section's time and effort was spent maintaining a whole host of wards across the country and its embassies abroad. He also learned how to store the magic he and the girls had into his rings, in the form of Jamie-shaped spirits of sorcery. These spirit powers had stomped the Section top enforcers into the ground and allowed him to dictate his terms to The Suit.

The mere memory of his talk with The Suit left him shuddering every time. The Suit was a person that headed up Section and everyone forgot the details relevant to that person's identity as soon as they learned them. That meant that Jamie found himself staring right at The Suit and couldn't tell if the person was a man or a woman, young or old, pretty or ugly, nothing at all. All he could remember seeing was a suit of clothes and hearing the words it said. He couldn't even remember if The Suit had pants or a skirt under the jacket. Or the exact cut of the jacket.

Despite the horrible hiccups those enchantments caused, he had managed to threaten The Suit into submission and attained freedom for himself. He had basically gotten off scot-free, despite rendering four young women into his slaves, which was a big no-no in Section's eyes. Thankfully, they thought them his willing girlfriends and accomplices. If they ever found out the truth about his relationship with the girls, they'd kill him or die trying.

They returned to the beach house and stayed there until Jamie had stored all ten power spirits into his two rings. The days were spent fucking like jackrabbits and the night storing up sorcery. 

People would roll their eyes at Jamie if he ever complained about having four super hot sex slaves at his beck and call 24/7, but there was one problem with all that sex. There was absolutely no challenge to it. He and his girls explored their sexuality with a voracious appetite, using means both mundane and magical, but Jamie started to mind the fact that a deep throat blowjob was available at any second. All he had to do was glance at one of his girls and they'd be all over him. There was no effort required.

All his young life, Jamie was presented with challenges to overcome. As a child, there were many sicknesses to overcome and then there was a whole hell of a lot of schoolwork to do in order to get a chance at college. This was followed by finding a part time job that he could do and that would give him the tiniest bit of financial independence, at last. Then there was mastering magic and wrangling his slaves, and freeing his family, and defeating the federal government's magical arm, and so on, but now, he had nothing to concentrate on.

He had a little over five and a half million dollars in a bank account under a phony name, so he was fairly certain he'd never worry about money again. He was enrolled at a prestigious University, and all his girls were going to come and study at the same place, all under their real names. Section was nowhere to be found and his family was happy and safe. He would have to move to the big city and make off campus arrangements for himself and his slaves, but spelling the resident advisors of their dorm rooms and their roommates to keep things on the down low would be a walk in the park. Jamie himself did his version of the Jedi mind trick, with but a thought. He had a whole summer month of boredom to look forward to. Nothing but mindless, wall to wall sex.

He nearly lost it. He tried to find something, anything, to do, but came up with nothing. In his idleness, he bought three swords, one for each of the casters among them, and attempted to turn them into lightsabers. He had no luck with it.

He decided to go back to their home town, to ward all five of their families with basic protections and heavy duty wards that would warn him of harm being done to them. He spent the requisite amount of time with his family to keep them happy and the girls did the same with their families, but even back home, he found himself bored. He never used to have many friends. He spent his time studying and working and playing games online. All of his friends were either from school, the store or the server. School friends went away for the summer, store friends were also on vacations, and the guys on the server were scattered around all over the place, both physically and mentally. Hanging with the people his girls used to hang with was akin to torture for him.

So it came to pass that he found himself perusing the sparse files he had managed to glean from Section's network during Cyrus' brief hack of their system. They had shut their hole right quick, but Jamie was still left with lots of unclassified stuff to look through. His initial searches found nothing of import, but now he decided to give the files a good once-over.

A case file was flagged highest priority and marked as an open investigation, so Jamie opened it first, just to see what Section priorities were. There were dozens of memos attached to the file, all exhorting Section personnel to freely speak up about this case and put forth any theory they might come up with. Some were even bearing the seal of The Suit. Jamie chuckled as he read between the lines at the evident desperation.

It was a matter of disappearances of beautiful, young women. They were from different states and no mundane law enforcement agency made the connection. Jamie suspected the F.B.I.'s ViCAP be rigged to prevent that from happening. All the women disappeared from their lives, leaving behind a terrible, bloody mess at their residences, and then began appearing in random places around the country, mainly engaging in petty crimes. What made the case highest priority was the fact that half the women were minor celebrities, like actresses and singer-songwriters. Section was scared shitless that an A-list celebrity might be next and the media would be beyond their control at that point.

Jamie's jaw dropped as he saw that Arlene Hartford was also among those taken. She was the girl that did his favorite web comedy series in which she made playful fun of science fiction tropes. He had loved that show and despaired when she stopped uploading new episodes, almost a year ago, without a word. He was floored that anyone would want to visit harm upon her. She was gorgeous, but compared to Hollywood's A-list stars, she'd be cast as the homely girl next door. She had a down to earth sexuality about her, that was not overt, and it allowed her sense of humor to shine through. Jamie used to watch her show, laugh his ass off, and then masturbate with delight, after it was over. 

If anyone had asked him to describe the perfect woman, just six months ago, he would have spoken of Arlene, and her giant, sparkling, brown eyes, her thin nose, her mischievous smile and crooked chin, all framed by those delightful, pitch black, tiny curls. And now, she was missing, with an unlicensed caster suspected of taking her? "Fuck this," shouted Jamie and summoned his girls. Jamie was going to turn Heaven and Earth upside down to find Arlene and save her. The rest of these women, too. They would start at the site of the last abduction.

They seized their ready-to-move grab bags and got in their enchanted cars. They drove to the airport and "persuaded" some people to get them a cargo plane. The cars were quickly loaded into it and Jamie paid for the refueling. The mighty flying machine took to the skies, and Jamie's hopes soared right alongside it. There was a big bounty offered for information about this person or persons unknown, and an even bigger one for their capture. Jamie grinned. By the time he was done with this shit, or shits, Section would be left with nothing to do but arrange for a hefty clean-up. And pay the bigger bounty, of course.

Dana Moran was walking towards the mall's food court with a glum expression on his face. He ruminated on the unfair turns his life had taken in the past few months. He had been a bright young star in the Bureau when he ran across a gang led by a summoner and got recruited by Section. Then he hitched his wagon on the train of Alice Worth's personal quest to find her daughter and got to see his career and all of his ambitions go down the drain.

First, Worth dumped him in Vegas when her daughter turned out to not be there. Secondly, Section brass decided Worth had stepped out of line and stomped hard on her and the rest of the Johansson clan she belonged to. They were all demoted or outright dismissed from service, and scuttlebutt said much worse could come to them, before long. Everyone involved with their little side project got shafted as well. 

Dana tried to count himself lucky to have not been dismissed, like the other two mundane agents that were on the case. Their minds were wiped and they were in mental health facilities right now, relearning how to dress themselves. He was definitely glad not to share their fate, but he had been transferred over to the Department of Homeland Security and stationed in this Midwest backwater outfit to monitor what local law enforcement knew and flag stuff of potential interest to Section. It was worse than being benched, it was the equivalent of being the water boy. Dana was supposed to be the team star.

His only hope of getting any actual case was if Section got hit real hard with a whole hell of a lot of stuff, all at the same time, and they called all hands on deck. The way he heard it, the last time that happened was in nineteen ninety six and everyone was back to their old duties in a week. He shook his head and reminded himself that despair led nowhere. He had to keep trying. Quitting was defeat. Something would come up, sooner or later.

Just as he reaffirmed his ambitions in his head, he saw a definite sign of approval from the Almighty. He smiled his first honest smile in months, as he saw the fearsome five that had stomped The Suit's guards in two seconds flat. They were sitting at a table in the food court, right in front of him.

"Whoah," said a startled Sandra, "what's that?"

Everyone turned to look at the tall, handsome man in his late twenties that looked like he had just stepped out of an Abercrombie and Fitch catalogue, complete with the threads, and was walking towards them with a wide smile. What caught her eyes, and soon Jamie's and Rose's, was the surgical mask made of sorcery, that was positioned inside his aura to cover his mouth. They instantly deduced that it was a blood magic spell that would prevent this man from revealing a secret.

Ever since Jamie had possessed Rose and Sandra, they gained his understanding and command of magic and, with it, his ability to detect the minds of others. The three of them couldn't read minds, not really, but they could tell basic things about someone's state of mind and what their attentions were fixed on. If a person was really concentrating on something, then they could overhear that as soft chanting. It wasn't that big of a hiccup. They could easily "read" people's minds by charming them to simply divulge a specific piece of information. 

All three of them were quite unnerved to find that they couldn't sense this man's attention being on them, despite the fact that it plainly was. They also had no idea what was going on in his mind. His emotions were completely concealed from them.

The all-american boy stopped at their table and kept flashing his pearly whites at them. "Hello, Mr. Jacobs, Ms. Worth, Ms. Grant, Ms. Romano, Ms. Mitchell, how do you do," he greeted, politely. "My name is Dana Moran and I'm with Section's local offices, here in town. It is an honor to make your acquaintance!"

Jamie cocked his head, with a tight, little grin. "How do you know our names," he asked, curtly.

"Oh," Dana waved off the question and gestured at a nearby chair. "May I?" Without waiting for an answer, he pulled the chair over and sat down at their table. "I was assigned to Alice Worth's detail." He held his hands up in a preemptive gesture of surrender. "I disagreed and strenuously objected to what she did to your family, Mr. Jacobs, let me assure you. I only gave her the minimum amount of cooperation that I could."

"Is that so," asked Jamie, noncommittally.

"Yes," nodded Dana, emphatically. "For instance, I never revealed to her the place where you sold your old car, Ms. Romano," he said to Rose. "Or the truck stop where a group matching your descriptions was seen getting into a distinctively painted truck." He had found out about Rose's car right off the bat, but he always liked to keep an ace in the sleeve until it was the right time to play it, so he did not reveal that info to Alice Worth back then. He was going to tell her about it and the trucker, to get her to take him back into her confidences, but Section suddenly demoted them all, before he got a chance to. And here he played that little ace like a champ. These five youngsters were the talk of Section and word of their attack was making the rounds in the magical community like wildfire. The name Jamie Jacobs was fast becoming the supernatural equivalent of Chuck Norris, or the bogeyman, and if Dana could befriend them, he'd go far. Very far.

"And you didn't tell her this out of the goodness of your own heart and sympathy for our plight, right," asked a skeptical Helena.

The magical muzzle over his mouth bothered Jamie. It was probably standard issue for Section's mundane agents, to prevent them from spilling the beans about magic to those who didn't already know about it. The fact that it also prevented him from sensing this man's mind meant that when he thought he could sense them coming, he was so sadly mistaken and wrong. The only thought that gave him some comfort was the fact that he now knew how to spot them, if they turned out to be kind enough to walk into his line of sight before attacking.

The thing that really bugged Jamie about this particular Section agent, were his eyes. There was such an intensity in them that all his polite manners and charming smile couldn't hide. He looked like the people who knocked on your door on a weekend morning to tell you about Jesus, only a hundred times more zealous. It gave him the creeps. His power spirits and his own magical senses gave no alarm, so he let the man talk.

Dana kept smiling his easy, charming smile and said, "I'm interested in upholding the law and maintaining order, Ms. Worth. That is all. Your mother's actions went beyond that and I disagreed with them."

"Why didn't you lodge a complaint with the higher ups," she asked.

"I did," Dana lied, smoothly. "Why do you think I've been promoted to head up the local office, here in town? I'm in charge of all Section activity in this state. Well, the mundane kind of activity." He laughed a small, self-derisive laugh. He felt he had a long way to go before he could earn these people's trust.

Jamie's estimation of the man rose sharply. It was probably Dana's report that got his mom out of jail and the Worth house traps dispelled two weeks ago. He thought it was the recording of his and Helena's conversation with Alice Worth that he had kicked up Section's food chain that did it. He shook his head as he realized just how much blind luck and happenstance followed all of his dealings with magic.
