 Chapter 5 - A Pleasant Contest

With the Mage Tori safely berthed within Balmouth Castle itself, still recovering from her ordeal with the help of the King's own physicians and the constant attention of Queen Matilda and Princess Freyda, the Champion turned his attention back to the two pressing tasks that faced him:

Preparing the armada in the harbor for the coming invasion of the Emerald Isle to counter the Witches of Nin's own planned invasion of the Eastern Kingdoms, and putting the gorgeous beauties sent by the 4 Kingdoms to the test with his big cock! 

The first night back the ritual of drawing straws commenced, the 21 young women who had yet to be fucked by him eagerly assembling themselves in the castle's main dining room. Since the testing had begun 10 nights past, the seven ladies already privileged to have shared his bed has been quite free in describing his sexual prowess to their compatriots, so much so that each girl's determination to get his organ up inside her had only increased. 

True cocksmen were rare indeed, and highly trained courtesans such as themselves knew it. Women of surpassing beauty such as they were used to men that were scarcely big boys, who mounted them roughly, thrust briefly, spurted and then had done with it. Their overwhelming gorgeousness actually worked against them when it came to their own pleasure, for men became so excited their seed fairly sprang from them early practically upon touching them!

Not so with this man! Not only did he not spurt quickly, once he did spurt, only after an hour or more of sweaty, intense, unbelievable fuckery, he considered that just to be the first course of a coming meal that would last until dawn! 

Rickichi swore she'd made his big penis spray out it's heated semen 5 times during their long night of pleasure together, and at first many of the other girls doubted it, much to the golden-skinned beauty's consternation. And then Elle claimed the same thing! In her womb twice, up her ass twice and down her throat once had that handsome giant's big pulsing member powerfully and generously discharged his hot male loin-syrup! 

What really excited all the other girls yet remaining to share his bed, however, was their description of their own orgasms during their lovemaking with the Champion. It was a sad fact of life that they, who were in the profession of pleasuring men, often received not nearly as much pleasure as they gave their clients. Many times a girl of breath-taking beauty such as Danae or Frigga would coax many a spectacular ejaculatory explosion from their partner.......and never even come close to spending themselves. 

Each girl fucked by the Champion had breathlessly told others about the intense, body-quaking spends they had enjoyed in his arms. Dear Gods, they swore they orgasmed so many times they lost count. Danae ventured that it might have been 12 times, she lost count after number 4 and things got hazy. Asta and Frigga claimed not to remember, only testifying that they clung to him desperately drowning in pleasure the entire night long. Elle said she counted her spends up to number 6 and then gave up, figuring she wasn't going to survive the night, so exhausted was she from the sweet, beautiful agony of those intense contractions. 

Gretta, Destarte, Yana and Sung Hi realized in awe that the stories that surrounded this man didn't even come close to doing him justice as a cocksman. Excitedly discussing it among themselves in their tents during the day, they came to the conclusion that a man such as he, being immortal and over 3,000 years old, having bedded thousands of women in that span of time it was no mystery that he would know exactly how to drive a woman to the heights of pleasure and keep her there. 

So that first night upon the Champion's return, all 21 of them yet remaining pressed forward eagerly to take the straws from his big, proffered hand as he gazed out over their assembled company appreciatively. 

The Champion well knew what a lucky man he was as his eyes traveled over the assembled girls. Many of them had spent the entire day preparing themselves for this night, in the hopes that it was their turn to get their shapely buttocks pounded deeply into the soft furs of his bed. They were more exquisitely beautiful than usual, with their hair perfectly done, their faces shining with expertly applied makeup, and their voluptuous forms clothed in their best finery. 

That first night back it was Sung Hi who picked 11th, and drew forth the short straw. With a beautiful smile she threw her arms around the Champion's next and kissed him as once again the losers of the contest shrank back in bitter disappointment , a disappointment that was especially keen in the hearts of Yana, Destarte and Gretta. Sung Hi was the first leader of a delegation to be chosen at last, while the other 3 would have to keep chafing and impatiently waiting their turn. 

They all watched him carry the raven-haired, golden-skinned beauty from the room, heading for the tent where they would spend the night, and then the assembled company in the dining room dispersed. 

Sung Hi had clothed herself in her finest purple silken dress; within moments of entering the Champion's tent, it lay thrown to the floor, forgotten as she stood before him totally naked as the day she was born. 

As the Champion smiled at her and slowly divested himself of his own clothing, the girl watched him hungrily, cupping her high, conical breasts, turning to give him a magnificent view of her stunning buttocks. 

His organ, when his breeches whispered to the floor, was already half erect and pointing outward. 

Her eyes latched onto that growing member, and she smiled upon seeing it at last. 

The came together over their pile of discarded clothing, their lips meeting as if pulled by magnetism, their hands immediately running over each other, sliding, pressing, squeezing, fondling. 

She gasped in his mouth as his big hands slid down the bowed inward curve of her supple back only to flare outward over the rounded curves of her buttocks,and he squeezed them hard, his palms pressing that succulent ass-flesh. 

"Please...please my Lord...." she gasped as they kissed. "This first time, I would make you the gift my mouth!" 

His lips formed a smile while still pressed fervidly against hers. He well knew the pride the courtesans of the Hyrkanian Kingdom took in their oral skills; ancient artwork in that kingdom dating back 5,000 years showed kings consorts and harem girls mouthing organs with exquisite skill. Over 5,000 years of rich, sensual lore did the courtesan trainers of the kingdom have to draw on when it came to teaching their young charges how to pleasure men with their mouths. 

It was a common saying in the West that "If you want a woman who knows best how to use her anus, go to the South; if you want a woman who knows best how to use her mouth, head to the East; if you want a woman who knows best how to use her pussy, head for the North. But if you want a woman who knows best how to use all three it is to the West you must go." 

Well did the Champion know there was more than a grain of truth to that saying, which was started by sailors who sampled the charms of the local sluts in each Kingdom. 

Girls hand picked to be courtesans in the Hyrkanian Kingdom started very young, and there was a special emphasis that was placed on the mouth in training that was lacking in the other Kingdoms. 

Having been sucked off by countless skilled Hyrkanian girls, the Champion was not surprised that this was the first skill that Sung Hi wanted to please him with. 

"Yes?" the naked beauty prodded, hopefully, pressing herself to him, letting him feel the silky smoothness of her golden skin. 

"Very well girl." he said, acting somewhat reluctant to tease her. "Though you waggled that magnificent ass of yours all the way to this tent, and I had my heart set on sticking my big cock up it......"

She laughed and pressed him back so he stumbled and went prone on the divan, his big organ pointing away from his body at a 45 degree angle, so erect was it. 

"Oh don't you worry!" she exclaimed as she knelt between his parted legs, her small hands cupping the base of his pulsing flesh-spear and pointing it straight up while flashing him a sexy look with her big, brown eyes. "You can explore the depths of my anus the rest of the night if you like, just as long.........." and her she lasciviously licked her lips to wet them and make them glisten as she poised her face just over the helmet shaped tip of his pulsing member...."as you let me do...THIS!"

And she closed her eyes sweetly and cruised her mouth down the entire length of his big upstanding organ, taking all 10 1/2 inches of it between her lips. 

He groaned as his sensitive member was engulfed by the soft, hot wet sensation. 

And so it began. 

For ten thigh-quivering minutes the Champion lay back on the divan, his feet on the floor and his knees parted as the girl knelt there before him, mouth-worshiping him. 

She was indeed highly skilled at this pleasant art, and from the way her eyes glazed over with lust and desire, shining up at him as her head bobbed and weaved he knew she loved what she was doing as much as he; in truth she could kneel there for hours and suck away on him and be absolutely content. 

The Champion gasped and shuddered in bliss as the girl with the long raven black hair used many of the skills in her ample sensual playbook on his pulsing flesh. He felt the delicate finger she sent rubbing gently at the spot between his ballocks and his anus, felt the power of her suction as she slowly pulled her mouth up the entire length of his cock-shaft, her cheeks hollowing and her lips distending from the force of her mouth's drawing power, felt the tip of his cock press against the back of her throat as she deep throated him and held him there, her eyes sparkling at him playfully. 

The pleasure in that big twitching cock she sucked so enthusiastically away on grew.....and grew...........and grew as it became more and more sensitive, more and more swollen...more and more needful. 

He was totally relaxed, savoring the pleasure of her mouth, when she suddenly slipped his penis out and began rubbing it ardently against her face. 

"Want to play a game?" she whispered, nuzzling the underside of his organ with her lips as it pulsed rhythmically before her face. 

'Wh-what kind of game?" he gasped. 

She smiled. "My favorite game. I played it often in my homeland during my training with the men given to me to practice with. It's quite simple, and I think you'll like it."

He grinned down at the mischievous gleam in her eye. "All right girl, what is this game?"

She pressed a fervent kiss of gratitude to his cock-tip before replying. 

"I hold your cock against my face, I kiss it, I lick it, I rub it......" she began. 

"Oh I like this game already!" he broke in and they both laughed. 

"I bring you right to the brink of spurting your man-syrup," she continued, " and then I stop and give you a chance to hold yourself back. And I do it over and over as long as it takes, until you fail to hold back."

"That would take a lot of will power, a gorgeous creature like you taking me right to the edge like that." he confessed, arching an eyebrow. 

"Are you chicken?" she sneered playfully. "Is the great Champion, the finest cocksman in the 4 Kingdoms scared to put that control of his to the test?"

He laughed, reaching down and pulling the girl up into a passionate kiss and then letting her slid down to kneel before him again. 

"All right, you clever vixen, play your game!" he sighed. "We'll both see how long I can make this cock-stand last with you trying to end it!"

And so she did. 

As his cock twitched and pulsed rapidly before her face, Sung Hi lavished kisses and tongue flicks and caresses upon it with her expert lips, tongue and hands. 

So great was the pleasure and pressure she had built up in that mighty organ that it wasn't long until she had him gasping as he approached his spend. 

Seeing he was right there, with the tension in his penis just a sliver below the absolute peak it could withstand before any more heightening of the tension would trigger it's seed-spurting reflex, Sung Hi gave the underside of his cock a sizzling, deliberate lick and then, leaving her hands wrapped around it's base, drew her head back from that glistening pole of pink flesh and stared at it as he gasped......trembled.......fought for control for a moment.......and won.

He sighed in sweet relief at having been able to hold it back, but his respite was short lived. With a chuckle Sung Hi moved her face up again and once more began lavishing a plethora of hot kisses, sizzling tongue licks and ardent strokes to his urgently pulsing member. 

Soon she brought him to the point of spurting once more, and once more she deliberately licked the underside of his organ just beneath the head, and withdrew, staring at the penis in her hands as again he struggled to hold it in, his hands turning white on the furs at his hips. And again he was successful, but he was covered in sweat now and his ragged breathing was loud in both their ears. 

"Close!" she whispered, then began licking again. 

They would both stare in fascination at his cock as their pleasant little game drew on and on, watching it get redder, pulsing more powerfully, and twitching more urgently in the girl's hands as her tongue and lips worked relentlessly on it. 

Time and time again he would start to seize up and almost spend, feeling it about to happen, his breath catching in his throat. The girl would cease her licking and kissing of his member, drawing her head back, wanting to see his seed as it left him...........

And then, somehow, due to his years of training, and to sheer willpower and a desire to prolong this fantastic game, he would pull himself back from the edge, groaning and sighing as the girl would lean her head forward and begin again. 

Over and over she brought him to the brink....and over and over he managed to throw himself back. 

The moments where he began to almost spend and he fought to hold back began growing longer and longer, and it began to become harder and harder. 

The drama of course, was that they had no way of knowing which time it would be that he would fail at last to hold back and the floodgates would open! 

He seized up, teetering on the brink, as the girl stared hopefully at the pulsing organ before her face. Then he sighed and smiled as he relaxed and the girl laughed and brought her face forward again. 

"What a MAN you are, my Lord!" she sighed as she licked and flicked and kissed away at his sensitive flesh. 

He groaned, making no reply, totally focused on the pleasure he was feeling and trying to control it. 

He seized up again, gasping, his eyes desperate, straining, straining to hold back as the girl again stared at his twitching member, her eyes glowing with anticipation. And yet again he disappointed her, sighing and relaxing, though more like a man who knows his time is short. 

She laughed again and grinned up at him as she began rubbing his cock against her face. 

"Soon, my love. You can't hold back forever. I can tell you're going to have a HUGE one!"

Her relentless hands, tongue and lips began their work again, and another half minute went by with him lying there, his great chest rising and falling in time with his rapid, excited breathing as the pleasure grew more intense with every lick, with ever swipe, with every flick..........

He seized up again, his breath catching in his throat, and his hands gripping the sheets at his hips as he fought for control as he had done so many times before. The girl pulled her head back and waited, staring expectantly at the big organ she held tightly in her hands........

It dragged on, and on, both of them staring at that purple 10 inch pole of urgently twitching flesh.......

One second. Then two. Then three...................

And then his eyes widened and he cried out. 

"Oh God's BALLS GIRL.....................AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"

As the girl squealed in triumphant glee, the big twitching penis in her hands gave a mighty jerk as it unleashed a tremendously huge spurt of milky white semen that sprang up majestically into the air. 

Ardently she rubbed that spouting pole against her face, even as she continued stroking it expertly with her practiced hands, extracting spurt after spurt of thick fluid from it as he writhed and shuddered against her. 

The girl was right; it WAS a huge spend. 

So greatly has she worked up the tension and pressure inside that big penis of his that it took 9 huge blasts of hot syrupy semen for it to release all of it's pent up lust. 

He lay back lolling his head from side to side, covered in sweat and semen as she lovingly coaxed a few more weak spasms from his organ and then played with adoringly, rubbing it against her beautiful face, laughing as it caused him to tremble and jerk from many an aftershock. 

"Oh, GODS, what a game!" he gasped as the girl gratefully began licking up all the semen that covered his organ, her hands and his stomach and chest. So great had been the tension in his big cock his organ was spasming from the effort of having so forcefully sprayed such a large amount of seed out of itself. 

Finally when the girl was done lapping up all his milky syrup he pulled her up into a ardent kiss and rolled atop her. His organ, up again already due to his marvelous recuperative powers, rubbed against her smooth belly. 

"Now I'll give you what you deserve for that incredible game, girl!"

"What's that?" she panted up to him, her hands running over him, marveling at his muscles, sheer unadulterated lust shining from her almond shaped eyes. 

"I'm going to ride you hard and fast like a disobedient mare until you scream at least 3 times in your pleasure!"

And he did, raising his hips up and ramming into her wet slit as she let out a surprised gasp, then filled the air with a heart-felt groan of pleasure as that big 10 1/2 tower of flesh began pumping in and out of her. 

Actually she screamed 12 times, but they weren't counting. 

In her tent nearby, Gretta heard the Hyrkanian girl's long, drawn out wails of ecstatic bliss and clamped her hands over her ears and muttered to herself as she tried to sleep. Destarte, in her own tent merely smiled to herself as she listened to the unashamed screams of a woman lost in a transport of expansive rapture and fingered herself, dreaming of the night it would be her beneath the Champion, crying out thusly. 

Yana only dimly heard Sung Hi's loud, wailing screams because she was high up in the Castle's top floor, in Octorius's room, beneath him on his bed and covered in sweat as they fucked energetically away, their own loud grunts and gasps filling the air. 

Octorious ceased thrusting for a moment as and cocked his head towards the open window as a particularly loud wail from Sung Hi carried on the still night air. 

Yana grinned up at him. "He fucks her well." she said.

"Aye." he agreed. "And soon he'll fuck you as well, girl. I know it's been hard waiting your turn, but he'll get to you eventually."

She pulled his head down into a kiss. "Indeed he will, my love. But until then......."

And they laughed and Octorius began thrusting again. 

Hours later when the sun crested the hills to the East of the city, in his tent a sweat-covered Champion knelt behind a kneeling, equally sweat-covered Sung Hi, big hands on her wide flaring hips and his crotch pressed hard against her shapely buttocks, flattening those rounded globes as he stiffened, cried out, his big cock going off for the 5th time that night, sending rhythmic spurts of hot semen deep up her ass, his whole body shuddering from the pleasure of it, the soreness of his organ only adding to the thrill of it's latest spend. 
