 Chapter 3: New Arrivals

The next few days passed quickly as the Champion saw to the fitting of the Brythunian navy ships for the upcoming campaign. 

Much to Princess Freyda's consternation, she discovered the Champion was staying in a large tent in the center of the palace courtyard, and despite her many invitations to join her in her room once the sun set, he respectfully declined, pleading official business. 

Late one afternoon over the evening meal, which the Champion was sharing with the Royal Family and their retainers, a page appeared and whispered into King Saul's ear. 

The red-bearded man nodded his head and dismissed the page, then smiled broadly at the Champion. 

"Three delegations have arrived at the front gate, all appearing within an hour of each other. It's the diplomatic parties from Southron, Hyrkania, and Njord. I've given instructions for them to assemble in the main audience chamber." 

The Champion nodded, setting aside his fork and trying not to notice the plaintive, desperate look Freyda was giving him from across the table. 

Queen Iola waved for the servants to remove the plates, and the party departed the dining chamber for the royal audience chamber. 

The mummer of conversation from the large group in the center of the chamber suddenly ceased as the Champion and the Royal family swept into the room. 

The crowd was primarily made up of young women, all of breath-taking beauty, with several pages and servants mixed in. 

King Saul clapped his hands gleefully.

"Now they have come, my Lord, as you sent for them. The finest courtesans from the lands of the North, the South, the East,and the West."

With every eye on the room fixed on him, the Champion stopped before the dias on which King Saul's throne was. The royal family took up positions along the side of the dias, letting the Champion handle the affair. 

Regarding the audience before him, the Champion raised a hand in greeting. He was wearing simple breeches and a white cotton shirt, for he had spent the day prowling the wharves inspecting the naval ships. 

"Greetings, and welcome to the royal palace of Brythunia. King Saul shall be the perfect host, and is delighted to have so many important guests under his roof."

The monarch roared in approval and raised a goblet handed to him by a page. "After the meeting is over, there will be tables of food in the courtyard, as well as tents for all our guests. I regret we have no rooms, for the city is swarming with troops in preparation for the coming invasion."

The Champion then continued. "I thank all of you for coming on such short notice. My message was urgent, and the need is great. Your kings are to be commended for responding so quickly. And now, would you please introduce yourselves?"

Seven gorgeous golden skinned women came to stop before him, all with long, flowing raven-black hair, golden bronzed skin, and the almond shaped eyes distinctive to the race of the Far East. 

They all wore gauzy blue see-through robes, beneath which very little was hidden. The Champion recognized it as the traditional dress of Hunang Province's courtesans of the highest rank, girls trained from the age of 13 in the arts of pleasing men. 

One of them stepped forward and gave a deep bow of respect to him. 

"My Lord, I am Sung Hi, sent to you along with my sister Geishas from the Kingdom of Hyrkania, with the express thanks of my King, Geno Sudo."

One by one the women came and stood before him, telling him their names. 

"Jade."

"Mariko."

"Dawn."

"Jiki."

"Kumiko."

"Rikichi."

Now seven pale women came before the Champion. Unlike the golden brown girls of these East, these women had alabaster skin that had rarely, if ever, seen the sun. Their hair were long, flowing manes of spun gold, and all were dressed in the maiden armor of the Njord; silver and gold painted steel that formed breastplates, helmets and shields. 

The tallest, a breath-takingly beautiful girl with ice-blue eyes and bosom that swelled majestically within the confines of her breastplate, came and stood before him. 

"Great Champion, long have you stood with the Peoples of the Snow against their enemies, and now at your call our Great King, Jarod the Warhammer, has sent us to you. My name is Gretta, chief among the Valkyrie warrior-girls."

Again, the girls stepped forward one by one to tell him their names. 

"Brigga."

"Brunhilda."

"Asta."

"Danilda."

"Frigga."

"Hulda."

Then came seven dark women, 4 of them jet black of skin, three lighter colored but still very dusky. They wore the wild animal skins of the great cats of the Southern Region, along with feathered headdresses and they carried spears. 

A magnificently proportioned girl stepped forward regally, dropping to one knee and inclining her head.

"O Great White Brother of the Skies, long has your name been spoken around the fires of my people, and we remember you still as the Great Warrior that turned back the Picti and the Witches of Nin when they threatened to enslave us. Our Chief Brother, King Shaka, picked us from his finest women to send to you, for he knows you shall use us well. I am Yana, his own daughter."

"Ceba."

"Uhura."

"Verda."

"Isparana."

"Meeka."

"Zuzanna."

At last the contingent from the West came and stopped before him, seven girls of various colored hair, and different skin colors, for the peoples of the West were mostly immigrants from the other three Kingdoms. All wore the purple robes of the high-born courtesans of the Brythunian Crown. 

A lithe, yet incredibly buxom brunette stepped forward, and inclined her head regally.

"Great Eternal Warrior, among all of the vast Pleasure Houses of the Brythunian kingdom, our Liege and Sovereign Lord, King Saul, has selected us seven to serve you in your quest. I am Destarte."

In turn, each girl came and stood before him.

A pale redhead with hair that formed a fiery mane around a beautiful face with cat-green eyes.

"Danae."

A curvaceous brown girl with long flowing blonde hair and blue eyes who's robe did little to hide a ample curves beneath it.

"Elle."

A black girl came forward next, and though her skin was the color of dark wood, her eyes were blue. 

"Piadora."

Another brunette, this one short, but very, very well put together and she even flashed the Champion a broad smile as she stood and posed before him, hands on her hips. 

"Liandra."

A blonde girl, thin looking but with big doe-like brown eyes in which a man could easily drown himself.

"Alissa."

And at the last, a tall raven-haired girl who's big green eyes looked up in awe at the Champion, and she seemed to have to fight to find her voice. 

"V- (gentle cough) Vanda."

Several of the other girls snickered. 

The Champion turned and regarded Octorious with a rueful smile. 

"It's going to be a busy month."

Octorious frowned. "Why? What do you mean?"

The Champion shrugged. "Well I have to test all these girls first to make sure that are sufficient to the mission before them. And that must be done before we sail."

Octorious' mouth dropped open. He looked to where the 28 girls now stood in their respective groups, regarding each other warily. 

"You don't mean to tell me..........you REALLY don't mean to tell me...." The big mustachioed warrior seemed to be at a loss for words as his voice trailed off.

"That I intend to bed them all before the tides recede a month from now?" the Champion finished for him. "Indeed I do."

"B-but..." Octorius sputtered. "There's TWENTY-EIGHT of them, my Lord!"

The Champion regarded him evenly. "Then I'd better get started quickly then, hmmmm?"

Turning, he plucked a broom from the hand of a wizened cleaning maid and pulled a handful of straws from it, then handed it back with a rueful smile to the old hag, who looked at the gap in her broom and snorted "Hmmmph!" and waddled off. 

As everyone watched, the large man counted out 28 straws, then broke one of them in half. 

Calling the girls before him as he stood on the dias, the Champion looked down into 28 beautiful faces and held out the straws as he spoke.

"Since the tides will recede a mere 32 days from now, making passage to the Emerald Isle impossible for at least 3 months, we have little time to waste. You all know you have been called here to aid me in my war upon the Witches of Nin, who are moving again after a long respite and are massing an army on their Eastern shore. 

I intend to pre-empt them by invading their Isle first. Since they resort to foul magic to win their battles, for a real chance for this Great Crusade to succeed, we must use the Light Arts to counter their Dark Arts. 

The greatest power to counter the death-powered arts of the Witches is the life-giving arts of the Goddess Diana, which all of you have devoted your lives to studying."

Here the Champion paused for a moment. 

"Most think those arts just center on love-making, but we all know it's far more than that. The life-giving power of sex creates energies that the Witches' dark arts cannot overcome. For our invasion to succeed, I must create a vast amount of sexual energy to disguise and hide our convoy from the Witches prying eyes. This is why I have called you all here. Your efforts and skills are necessary to protect the armada from falling prey to foul witchcraft."

He regarded the 28 pairs of sexy eyes that looked up at him. 

"I wish I could simply take the word of your leaders that you all possess the sensual skills to fulfill this crucial plan, but I cannot take that chance. I must test each one of you to ensure that you can indeed pleasure a man to the point of creating the sufficient sexual energy that will be needed." 

A shocked gasp went through the crowd of girls, and their eyes widened and they all looked at each other excitedly.

The Champion held out the straws in his hand. 

"Since we are pressed for time, the testing will begin immediately. Tonight I will take one of you into my bed, and tomorrow night, another one, until I have tested all of you. If any girl is found to be deficient, she will simply have to be replaced. To save time, and jealous feelings, you will each draw straws each night to determine which of you I will bed."

At this Gretta, the proud Valkyrie, held up a hand and looked up at the Champion in dismay.

"As a princess of the Njord, I should go first! I am of royal blood and I should have the chance to pleasure you before any common-born girl!"

That provoked Yana, the chief black girl from the South, to cry, "Who do you call common-born, you pale slut! My ancestors ruled a kingdom that covered a continent while yours lived in caves shared with the polar bears!"

Then it was Sung Hi of Hyrkania who spoke next, her almond eyes flashing in anger. "Noble born or common born, it matters not! The golden skinned daughters of the East are renowned the world over for centuries as the highest of courtesans, and I claim the right to be taken into this warrior's bed this night, and I'll fight any girl here for the privilege!"

Pushing and shoving began to break out among the women, as the Champion and Octorious exchanged glances and shrugged. 

King Saul, standing off to the side with Freyda at his side, looked at a loss to know what to do. Freyda herself was regarding the girls in the center of the hall as if she wanted to kill each one of them. Her pretty face was beet red and her hands were clenched at her side. 

As it appeared the situation was getting out of hand, the Champion raised his voice in a loud bellow. 

"SILENCE!!!!" he roared, and the quarrelling women fell silent and shrank back as they saw his face. 

He scowled at them for a moment. 

"You demonstrate among yourselves why drawing straws is necessary, you jealous hussys! There will be no arguing, and no backtalking! Each night those of you not yet fucked by me will draw straws, until none are left. Is that clear?!"

28 heads hastily nodded, some of them with tears starting from their eyes. Many of them had competed fiercely to be picked by their kings to be sent to the Champion, vying for the chance to be bedded by him, and with the prize so close within reach they had lost control. 

Wordlessly the Champion descended from the dias and held out the straws in one big hand. With a sigh, Gretta stepped forward and drew first. She scowled when she saw a long straw, and wordlessly spun on her heel and retreated. 

Next, Sung Hi shouldered aside Brunhilda, who let out an oath as the Eastern girl reached his hand first....and pulled out a long straw. With a sigh of disappointment and a longing look at the Champion's face, Sung Hi departed. 

Brunhilda eagerly pulled out a straw....only to make a face and stamp her little foot when she saw it was a long one. 

Next came Liandra, who bit her lip as she regarded the straws in the Champion's hands, first reaching towards a certain one, then hesitating and then reaching for another, and hesitating again. 

"Oh, DO hurry up!" huffed Yana from behind her shoulder. "I'll grow old and gray back here while you make up your mind."

Steeling herself, Liandra went back to her first choice, pulled it..........and whimpered as she saw she'd drawn a long one. 

Yana fared no better. Neither did Ceba, Asta or Frigga. 

Then it was Danae's turn, the redhead, and all eyes watched with bated breath as she drew the straw forth from the Champion's hand.....and groans rose from the throats of all the girls yet to choose as it was seen that Danae held the short straw in her slim hand. 

The young girl with the red hair made a sharp intake of breath as she gazed at the straw in her hand, then up at the Champion in awe. 

Smiling, he reached out, took the short straw from her, and pulled her suddenly forward into a passionate kiss that made her eyes go wide even as her arms came around to embrace him. 

"That lucky slut!" Gretta seethed from behind them. 

"Bitch!" Yana glowered, her teeth gritted. 

The Champion broke the kiss and looked down into the girl's enraptured face. "You win, Daughter of the West. Shall we take our leave?"

Gazing up at him adoringly with her big green eyes, she nodded eagerly. "Oh, yes!" 

Taking her hand in his, the Champion led her from the room, heading through the archway towards the courtyard beyond, where his big tent was set up. 

The crowd in the royal hall watched them go, and as they looked on, the Champion and Danae disappeared into the tent. 

For about half an hour the group mingled, various conversations going on, until Octorius grabbed Selvinus by the sleeve. 

"Well I guess that's the last we'll see of him until the mornin'." Octorious said to Selvinus. "We'd better get to bed ourselves, if we want to be of any use loading all those ships."

The crowd broke up, and Octorious started tramping up the stairs to his room and stopped when he realized someone was following him. Turning, he realized it was Yana, the black princess of the Southern delegation. 

He fought to keep his eyes from involuntarily dropping to drink in the sight of her ample cleavage. 

"Sorry darlin'. Are you lost? There's tents set up for all the girls down there in the courtyard next to the Champions. I'll show you if you like."

Yana smiled at him. "No, I'm not lost. And I took a quick look in that tent this morning. It's quite nice. But it's lacking something."

Octorious raised an eyebrow. "Really? Tell me, lass, and I'll ensure you have whatever it is, since our King is determined that we be the perfect hosts to all you young ladies."

Yana grinned and stepped forward, her hand coming up to grab Octorious right on the area of his breeches that covered his crotch. His nose was suddenly full of the most delightful perfume, and he found himself gazing into big, doe-like brown eyes that were less than two inches from his own.

"There's no man in there for me to pleasure all night long. No courtesan of the Southron Kingdom ever sleeps alone. It's a custom going back 13 centuries. You don't think I should break that custom, do you?"

Octorious was fighting for breath, and his cock had gone from semi-erect to straining against the material of his breeches, as if seeking out the hand that was pressing against it. 

"Not at all lass!" he gasped. "Ancient customs....very important! Very important indeed! Why, it's all we leave the younger generation, really!"

Then they were crushed against each other, their hands exploring and pulling, as Octorious somehow opened the door to his room and they stumbled in.

Moments later, they both let out a deep sigh as he sank the full length of his big cock into her. He had the beautiful black girl naked on her back on his bed, with him atop her, and as he began thrusting into her, Octorious's lust-crazed brain realized he was indeed fucking his first black woman. 

And what a woman she was. The big, jiggly melons of her tits ballooned beneath the muscular plates of his chest, and her hands prowled his back restlessly as he probed her tight young womb. She grinned up at him, her teeth startlingly white and even as she felt him thrusting deeper and ever deeper. 

As he felt the girl wrap her long, lithe legs around his waist, Octorious wondered how the Champion was faring in tent down in the courtyard below. 

At that very moment, the Champion, naked and covered with sweat, was sitting up on the divan in his tent, a crying, wailing Danae in his lap as he raised and dropped her effortlessly on his big upstanding cock. 

One muscular arm cradled the redheads head in the crook of his elbow; the other was slung beneath the curve of her knees, aiding him in raising her up on each stroke until just the helmet-shaped tip of his organ was still trapped between her cuntal lips....and then he would drop her down, letting gravity do the wondrous work, as her shapely buttocks met his crotch with a loud SMACK!

At the beginning, he'd fucked her for almost 10 minutes in the missionary position, letting her tight young womb adjust to his huge size. For the last 5 minutes he'd been raising and dropping her on him, starting slowly as she squealed at the new depth and angle of his penetration, but then going faster, and faster.....and faster.

SMACK!..........SMACK!........SMACK........SMACK!

Danae had her head thrown back, her eyes sweetly shut and her mouth hanging open as she luxuriated in the sensation caused by his big cock ramming up into her hot, silken sheath. 

"Oh....Oh...OH GODS!....Oh.......Oh yes!"

SMACK!...SMACK!...SMACK!...SMACK!...SMACK!

Suddenly the shapely redhead was caught up in a thunderous orgasm, one that shook her whole body, so intense was it. 

The Champion grinned down at the beautiful redhead as her face took on a kaleidoscope of expressions as she wailed and shuddered her way through the intense contractions. Surprise, delight, awe, each was reflected on her face. 

With a final shudder she went limp in his arms, and he continued raising and dropping the gasping, sighing girl. 

Soon she orgasmed again. Even harder this time. Then again. 

She was babbling incoherently and exhausted from the powerful muscular spasms of her orgasms by the time the Champion placed her face-first on the bed, her curvaceous ass facing him. 

He sank himself into her again, whispering endearments into her ear as she cried out again and again as the sound of his hard crotch rebounding off of her buttocks filled the tent. 

Once again she climaxed powerfully, sobbing and burying her pretty face into the blankets, her hands gripping them as she shuddered in the grip of those sweet spasms, his big cock thrusting down into her mercilessly through it all. 

Finally, after a long while, she heard his breath catch in his throat, felt his muscular frame stiffen atop her, his hips arching forward, sending his big penis as deeply into her as it could go.........
