 The Changed made everything more difficult than things had to be. Like zombies, the Changed were creatures that eat the flesh of humans. Only they themselves were human. No one knew why or how the Changed became what they are, but we know enough to fear them. The Changed are humans with a stunted brain, or at least that's what I think. They can communicate with each other and us just fine. They can walk and to a point, they have emotions. But they're slower than we are, they can only walk, and some of their senses are better than regular humans. Also, they have a thing for the nasty taste of human flesh.

After the Changed showed up a lot of my hometown was destroyed. A few guys and I band up and started travelling to cities with less of the Changed, but that was beginning to become a challenge. It seemed like each day there were more Changed then before. My group started to run out of food.

"Eric, check the back to see what we have to eat," the oldest of the group said. His name was Tom, and he was bossy but at least a natural leader. We needed someone like that.

Eric sighed and unbuckled his seat belt to check the back of the SUV. I turned and did the same. We had two small bags of potato chips.

"We have two craptastic bags of chips, Tom. Between the four of us it's not enough." He ruffled his dirty blond curls.

Eric reminded me of a pig. He was pale, but had freckles. His nose was short and rounded, and he was a bit chubby—or at least he was before the Changed. I was his classmate in high school, but that was years before this shit started.

"We need more food," Ryan whined. He was the youngest of us, 16 years of age. It was a crappy time for him and we all knew it. His mother Changed one day and ate his father. He had a mental breakdown...He said he recovered but we all have our doubts.

"I know, I know..." Tom tapped the steering wheel with his forefinger. "I think there's a mall up ahead with a Wal-Mart attached. We could get someone to go in and get us some food."

"But who?" Eric started to chew at his fingernails.

I sighed. "I could do it...Again."

I lost a lot of weight after the first wave of the Changed. When my family died, I started to eat less, partially because I was sad but mainly because food was becoming more and more of a pain to find. I also became stronger and quieter. I was the only one out of the four of us who could sneak into an infested place and get food without being noticed, and if I did I could out run the Changed.

"Well, that could be dangerous this area looks really infest—" Tom stopped talking and hit the brakes of the car.

"What's wrong?" I asked, moving closer to the front.

There was a man with long shaggy brown hair wearing a lime green shirt that read THE BUIDLING. It looked like it might have been an organization of some sort, or perhaps it was a new one. There was a small group of humans gathered around him.

I rolled my window down to listen.

"It's a safe place for everyone to go to. A fortress that is impenetrable, perfectly safe from the Changed. I urge everyone to join us to save what we have of left of humanity." The more he urged the less people seemed to want to join. Before we passed them, just about everyone had left.

"What is the Building, just to be technical?" I asked out the window.

He smiled and waved me over. I told Tom to wait a minute while I went to hear the guy out. I got out of the car and went to the man.

"It's an organization to protect the remains of humanity and Magic Users."

Magic Users...After the Changed showed up the Magic Users arrived. No one believed them at first until a group of people witnessed a Water Magic User throw one of the Changed into the air and into the pavement using water... However, there wasn't a water source around for miles. Someone caught it all on tape and posted it on the internet before it crashed. Word quickly spread about the Magic Users. Some people liked them, others didn't. They were either help or here to help the Changed destroy us. I didn't care either way because we were all going to die in the end. I just wanted to be in control of how and when I died.

"How could I find it?" I asked. If it was a way for me to survive I wanted to know everything I could. Since it was an organization I was even more wary of it.

"That's the thing, we can't tell you. Not unless we're sure you will come to us. We want to keep our location as quiet as we possibly can. That way the Changed can't find us."

"But I don't want to go there now. How will I find you later?" I was puzzled as to why they had to keep their location on the DL but at the same time I could kind of understand it. I mean, if I had a secure location I would want to keep it a secret too. But then, why invite people to it?

"Find a Magic User. Chances are if they're a Magic User they'll be with us. And trust me, you'll know a Magic User when you see one. They're kind of aloof. Just tell them James sent you, they'll know who I am and you'll be guided to the Building."

I smiled and nodded to James. "Okay, thanks."

"Be safe," He said. A man bumped into him and before I knew it James had disappeared.

*

Back in the back SUV, Tom and Eric were arguing.

"Dude, that isn't fair."

"I don't give a damn! I can't risk our lives for hers." Tom hit the dashboard with his hand.

I slid into the back seat and sighed.

"Talking about me I see." I stared at Tom. "You know, I am a reasonable human. You could just talk to me; I don't bite like our human counterparts."

Tom started to drive again and Eric went back to nibbling on his fingernails. Ryan was quiet as usual.

"When you get to the mall we can only give you a few hours—maybe less depending of the infestation—then we have to leave. If you aren't in the car then it's too bad for you. We can't stay in this city for too long. There are too many of the Changed."

"Okay, that's all you had to say Tom. I'm not going to risk Eric and Ryan just because I was too slow. And please, don't worry about me too much." I rolled my eyes. I rummaged through the back of the SUV and looked for my weapon of choice, a pipe wrench. Nice shade of red and long enough that I can get close to the motherfuckers but far enough I won't be eaten. It was my weapon and I was good with it.

"I'll be back as soon as I can. Don't worry about me," I huffed as I jumped out of the vehicle.

I didn't even get so much as a good luck as I left. I held my weapon tight in my right hand and started the jog to the mall's entrance. I could smell rotten flesh and I knew instantly that the Changed were here, and there was certainly more than one.

Once I got inside, I was surprised at how quiet it was. Usually if there were more than one Changed they would chat in a group, like a herd almost. I had to be careful because they were either hiding OR they weren't in the area.

I slinked from corner to corner, checking and double-checking areas before I entered them. I wanted to make sure that I was safe before I could move on.

It wasn't until I got to a set of stairs did I run into at least five of the Changed. They were all fat, so they obviously had a good meal before the saw me. I did my best to slink behind them, but one heard me. Or perhaps he smelled me.

"Hello, little skinny girl," He grinned maliciously. "I'm gunna eat you up, bitch."

He smelt like dead flesh, and his clothing wasn't in the best condition. He had vomit and blood all over, and even before he changed I was sure he was just as creepy looking.

"Fuck..."I whispered. I started to run up the stairs, but unlike some of the others I'm run into, this one was faster. He was at least five feet behind me. The thing about the Changed that most people didn't consider was, even though they're slow, they don't run out of energy. They just keep going, unlike us. Sure, we're faster, but after a while of being chased we slow down and that's when the Changed get us. They trap us like fucking wolves.

"I'm going to get you, you whore," the Changed growled. By the sounds of it he was a bastard of a human and even worse as part of the Changed. I got so close to the entrance of the store, but the bastard was right behind me. I was sure he was going to grab my ankle and pull me towards him. I was preparing to bash his head in.

A gust of wind pulled me into the store and yet at the same time pushed the Changed out. I looked around the store in search of the Magic User. There was a surprising amount of humans; I couldn't see a single Changed in the area, short of the bastard trapped outside.

I took advantage of what the Magic User gave me—time. I ran around the store, sliding and skidding looking for the food and supplies my group needed.

I was about to pull out a box of cereal when the first scream happened. Then soon after that more screams. People were scattering, like bugs trying to get away from the boot. I grabbed a man's elbow and shook him to get his attention.

"What the fuck is going on?" I asked.

"Somehow one of the Changed got into the store."

I didn't need to be told twice. I grabbed my food and started for the second exit. I was close, until I heard his voice.

"You little fucking bitch! Get over here now so I can fucking eat you!" The fat Changed yelled at me from the end of one of the aisles. I started to run the other direction but his friends had finally managed to catch up, and they were waiting for me. I was sure that I was absolutely screwed. I was going to die and no one would care.

I felt someone take hold of my hand. I looked beside me and there stood a stranger, a man that I was sure I had never met and yet I grasped his hand back.

"Let's run," he whispered. His voice was low, masculine, but so foreign to my ears. "Follow me."

He made a quick turn to his right. He was fast, almost too fast for me. He made so many turns and twists that I was sure we were lost, but before I knew it we were at the exit. The doors swished open.

"Slow down!" I huffed. Through all the running, all I managed to save was the cereal.

"Sorry," He muttered. "I forgot..."

We kept running for a long time. We never let go of each other's hands. It was the only way to feel safe.

*

"Who...Who are you?" I asked as my chest heaved for air. We ran for at least an hour, holding hands, trying to get back to safety. Or at least as safe as we can be in the world.

"You can call me Mac or Mike. Either is fine with me." He stood next to me like nothing had happened. He wasn't breathing all that hard, and there was hardly a drop of sweat. Meanwhile I was dripping like ice left in the sun.

"Those are two different names. Which one is it?" I finally managed to say. I stood up and stretched my legs.

"Depends on how you pronounce my name. I've been called Machael, but it's really Michael." He looked into the sky and sighed. "It looks like it's about six O'clock. The sun won't start setting till about nine. Let's keep going."

He tried to take hold of my hand again but I took a step back.

"Where do you think I'm going?" I looked at the stranger. "I don't know who you are or where we'd be going to."

Sometime during the run I had dropped my box of cereal, but I still had my wrench. I would be willing to use it.

"I told you, my name is Michael. I'm the Magic User who sense you in the area and saved your ass. My brother is James, that guy you spoke to earlier, and we are the creators of The Building. Now, let's go before the Changed get to us."

"You sensed me?"

"You're a Magic User too, aren't you?"

I snorted in laughter. "A Magic User? That must be a joke. I'm a regular girl who runs around using a pipe wrench to kill threats. I am no Magic User. And on that note, I am not going to follow you any further."

I started to walk away but I was being pulled back to him. He was using his magic on me!

"I think that with time you will find that you are one. And because I sense magic when I am around you I need to bring you to the Building to protect you."

"Oh yeah?" I turned around and stared at him. "And what kind of magic do I have? Why would you have to protect me? Answer that!"

My black jeans were sticking to my legs and I just wanted to find a cool spot to take them off and relax—at least for a little bit. I wanted the conversation to be over.

"You haven't allowed your magic to be awakened. I don't know what your magic is but I can tell you it's a magic we need. It feels powerful. And that's why I need to bring you to the Building." He smiled. "And perhaps I want to protect you because I think you're interesting."

I had to admit, I found him interesting as well. He was also handsome, black curled hair, slightly tanned skin, leather jacket, white t-shirt and dark blue jeans... And his eyes! They weren't blue, no, they were grey.

And if what he said was true... It sounded as if they really needed more Magic Users. But I wasn't one. I didn't have a lick of magic in me. So why would he be so intent on having me join him?

"You want to rape me." I blurted aloud.

"What?" He said, shocked. "Why the hell would I want that?"

"I don't know, you tell me!"

"Honestly..." He sighed. "No, I will refuse to rape you. If you chose to have me, it will be out of your own free will, nothing more nothing less. I have given you my word and I will not fail to protect it."

"Why? Why would you be doing this? You don't even know my name! Why do I matter so much to you?"

He looked at me and smiled. "Tell me your name, then."

"It's Shelby..."

"Shelby, you matter to for many reasons. One being that you may be detrimental to us killing the Changed, once you magic is awakened. Two, my brother sensed your magic and trust me when I say that means something. And three, I find you arousing in the most interesting way. You cannot tell me you don't feel the same because I can smell your arousal in the wind." He gave me a wicked grin. "So that leaves us with two choices. The first being you come with me willing. Or, I kidnap you and bring you to the Building by force. Either way, we will be travelling together."

"There is no choice there!"

"Sure there is. But by the smell in the wind it seems like you enjoy being forced. Shall I kidnap you Shel?" He snatched my wrists and pinned the up above my head. He leaned forward and whispered into my ear. "When you choose to have me, would you want me to force you to do things only your imagination to conjure?"

"You sure seem full of yourself." My voice was barely a whisper. He was right... I could feel a pool of wetness between my thighs. The only thing was I knew nothing about him. "What makes you think I want to be with you?"

"We have some strong Magic Users who have talents in future seeing." He kissed the lobe of my ear. "But again, the closer to you I get the more potent your arousal is."