 This is the eight chapter in my series. All characters participating in sexual activity or acts of violence are 18 or over.

*****

Jamie came out of the final and sighed. He had to wait for it to be graded, but it seemed like he was only going to fail one course. He could make it up next semester, but he and the girls had already "talked" things out with the administration office and arranged for themselves to take a gap semester. Hunting down the vampires was going to be a time consuming job. Plus, he suspected that it would be an endless task unless they found out who was behind this epidemic and stopped them.

He buttoned up his coat and walked across the quad. Cyrus had a metric fuckton of ammo for the gatling gun delivered to them. Three sets of bindings had arrived yesterday and Jamie informed the Czechs that he'd need more of them and soon. They promised to deliver them next month. The whole thing was costing him a pretty penny, but he didn't really mind that. It wasn't like he had earned that money, or had to work for it. This evening, he was going to store up power number ten and he and his girls will sleep on the flight to L.A. He let out a long sigh and created a big cloud of steam in front of his face. Moran had sent him all the files Section had on the Syndicate Jamie and his girls had hit. There was no more cause to delay this hunt. He got in his Pagani and drove to Bastion.

Entering his fortress, he was not greeted by his girls. He scowled at the oddity and took off his winter clothing. The ground floor was plainly empty. He ascended the stairs and went looking for them upstairs. They weren't in any of the bedrooms, or offices. Jamie was starting to get worried. His girls had talked about having a wild orgy after they finished with finals and before they went off to hunt vamps. He pulled out his phone and said, "Nova, where are the girls?"

"In the rooftop garden," his A.I. answered.

Jamie hopped up the stairs to the roof and saw a tableau of lust and flesh in the hot tub. Nova was standing in the middle of the tub and Sandra and Helena had the gynoid's hands between their legs. They were both screaming in orgasmic delight. Helena was squirming wildly and clutching at Nova's shoulder, while Sandra was holding still. When Jamie came closer, he saw Rose behind Sandra, plugging her ass with the magical dildo. It was enough to distract any man and Jamie got painfully hard in seconds. 

"Hey, Jamie," huffed Rose. "You've got to try this! Come on!" Having walked closer and to the side, he could now see where the gynoid's hands were. It had four fingers knuckles deep inside the girls and a thumb against their clits. All five digits were vibrating wildly. "You gotta see how this feels."

Jamie took off his suit and kicked off his shoes, bracing himself against the cold. He got naked and stepped into the tub. The contrast of the freezing air and boiling water made him wince. He stepped behind Helena and she wrapped her arms around his neck. She twisted her face around for a quick peck and then whispered, "Fuck me, stud!"

Jamie groped her supple ass and then found her pucker. He teased it with his finger and felt some lubricant already there. He pressed his erection against her entrance and started to push in. Helena hollered her way through another orgasm as his head popped inside. Jamie sighed in delight at the contrast of the freezing air around them and the heat inside of her body. He began thrusting in and out, slowly, until he started slapping his balls against her taint. He molded himself to her back and stuck his cock all the way in. He felt the vibrations from Nova's digits on his cock and they were driving him mad with pleasure. When Helena started to clench and unclench through another orgasm, she trapped his cock inside of herself and he came as well, spurting jets of his hot seed into her ass. Rose and Sandra screamed out another mutual orgasm right next to them.

After they came down from their high, Helena and Sandra began yelping and sobbing. They ordered Nova to stop and the gynoid withdrew its hands from their crotches. The girls sighed in relief, but soon found themselves walked to the edge of the huge tub. Jamie and Rose bent them over the edge and started reaming their asses in earnest. Neither was quite finished yet and they looked at one another and matched each other's rhythm. Sandra and Helena relaxed and patiently waited for their lovers to sate their lusts. Rose's silky grunts of passion spurred Jamie on and the two of them emptied their sex juices into the girls' asses at the same time. They both pulled out and panted as they enjoyed the afterglow.

Sandra stood up and removed Rose's dildo. She took Rose by the hand and led her to the sauna cabin. Helena straightened up as well and took a hold of Jamie's softening cock. "This needs cleaning," she said and gently tugged on it. Jamie followed her into the sauna cabin. Inside the cabin, they stepped under the lukewarm showers in the antechamber. Their bodies shook violently as their cold skin began regaining its normal temperature. They all took a bar of soap each and began working suds into one another's skin. It was a tight squeeze, fitting the four of them under only two shower heads, but they enjoyed it all the more because of it. The girls rubbed tit against tit as they jockeyed for position under the spray. Jamie ran his fingers over their smooth, wet skin and loved the feel of it.

Helena took special care to clean his cock thoroughly. After a few minutes, they finished and shut off the water. They entered the sauna proper. Jamie saw Sonya lying on her side, occupying most of one bench. He lifted her shoulders and sat down before placing her head in his lap. "Jamie," she murmured tiredly, "these bitches fucked the stuffing outta me."

"I know," he said, stroking her frizzy hair. Jamie stroked her shoulders and she made a soft noise of approval in the back of her throat, before dozing off again. All five of them relaxed and took in a good steam.

They showered again after the sauna and put on the thick robes that Nova had hung out for them. They dashed across the rooftop garden and down the stairs into the warm embrace of Bastion. Nova laid out their clothes for them and they changed into them, before having a small snack. Rose, Sandra and Jamie sat around in a circle after that and stored up the tenth power spirit. While they drained themselves of their magic, Helena, Sonya and Nova finished packing what they would need into the cars. The gang drove off to the airport hangar where their jet was waiting, fully fueled and ready. Jamie petted the aircraft's skin as he boarded it. They had spent a lot of time and power on improving it and Jamie had started to think of it as his dragon. He settled into his seat, along with his witches who fell asleep almost immediately.

The rest of the gang loaded the jet with their belongings and then stored the cars in the long term parking lot. Nova started the jet and they taxied to the runway where they were given clearance to take off for Los Angeles.

Jamie had trouble falling asleep. The jet was completely quiet, except for the soft snores of his girls. He needed to catch forty winks on this flight. The thought of running into a vamp while being sleep deprived, or jet lagged, was worrying him. This whole expedition had a marked potential for disaster. Less than half the casters on the west coast had complied with Section's evacuation order. In an effort to facilitate finding the vampire, Moran had sent Jamie the files on all licensed casters in the affected areas. Nova had given Jamie and the girls a rundown of those files. Apparently, casters split into three categories. 

The first and largest group consisted of those that ignored their power. They worked regular jobs, using only mundane means and kept mostly to themselves, ignoring the magical community. Most of those had taken a vacation and left their cities, but they flooded Section's network with complaints and demands that the situation be resolved within a week or two, as they couldn't afford the loss of income and didn't want to. And those weeks were already up.

The second group was made of casters that worked regular jobs, but used their power to achieve great things and excel in their careers. As much as Jamie admired the clever ways in which they concealed their unfair advantages from others, he still thought little of those casters as they were skewing the system in their favor and shafting the mundane masses in the process. Jamie thought their actions heartless. These stayed put and ignored the order, almost to a man, despite their high level of involvement with the magical community.

The third and smallest group was made up of people who opened an arts and crafts store, or some such front, and devoted their power and time to working magic. They offered their services and wares both to other magicians and mundanes that knew of magic. They were the backbones of the magical community and almost every one of them had closed up shop as soon as they heard of the order. They were now roaming the country aimlessly and complaining to Section about loss of revenue on an almost regularly scheduled basis.

Their revenues were not something to be scoffed at, Nova had informed them. Most of the wares they sold were intended for use in the bedroom. The general public was denied knowledge of magic, but among the minority that knew the truth and didn't try to blurt it out, most were the very rich and powerful. They regularly bought those items and potions to enhance their sex lives. Of course, since any item enchanted with power would quickly lose its enchantment, repeat business was the rule and, despite the low prices, the money was coming in, hand over fist. 

When Nova had informed them that enchanted dildos were being made and sold, Helena and Sandra got the same idea at the same time. They needed to mass produce and market their enchanted dildo. Unlike the enchantments of regular casters, theirs were permanent. Their customers would only need to buy the dildo once and then enjoy a lifetime of freaky sex without having to call on a magician every time they were about to get it on. Sandra compared it to Polaroids. Before Polaroids, everyone had to get their film professionally developed and many were too ashamed to take dirty pictures of themselves. After Polaroids came along, everyone had shoe boxes of dirty pictures. It would be the same with the dildos, she reasoned.

Rose had put a damper on her mood by pointing out that they'd get no repeat business after they saturated the market, i.e. after everyone got themselves a dildo, but Sandra ordered Nova to run some simulations on how the market would react and the numbers were quite solid. Their sales would drop dramatically after a year and a half, but up until that time, they'd make millions, depending on their pricing strategy. Then Jamie pointed out that selling their dildos was dangerous, as other magicians would undoubtedly figure out their secret and then start assembling in girl-boy pairs and sharing their power to make themselves able to cast permanent enchantments and store up magic and that would lead to The Suit getting them. The girls had visibly wilted, but agreed that revealing the enchantments on their dildo would not be a wise move.

Sitting at forty five thousand feet altitude and zipping across the sky at four fifths the speed of sound, Jamie found himself musing on the idea of opening a dildo store. What would it look like? Would he have his slave girls demonstrate the product, right there, on the store counter? He grinned. That would certainly be a very successful business model. Then a stray thought killed his mood. If one of the fat cats that led the Syndicate were to walk into his hypothetical shop, Jamie wouldn't have a clue. His brow drew down in displeasure. When he had read about what their old criminal organization had been up to, twenty years ago, his lunch had repeated on him.

Their depravity had known no bounds. They had been equally merciless towards their victims, clients and even subordinates, so long as there was even the slightest chance of gaining profit. Section files on the old Organization, from which the Syndicate sprang, were terse and clinical, but even as such, they painted a very grizzly picture. Before reading those files, Jamie had thought vampires the pinnacle of unrepentant evil, but now he knew better. 

Amongst many other evil practices, such as kidnapping pretty women and using charm magic to turn them into sex slaves, the old Organization used to drain people of their life force in order to rejuvenate mundanes. The rituals were similar to the ones used to enlarge his girls' breasts, but their use was completely different. His girls had drained him of only a few years of life, which he had already gotten back, because they were using it in conjunction with their own power to modify their own bodies. Once a caster tried to use such a ritual to modify someone else's body, the transfer was horribly inefficient and the amount of life force needed rose sharply.

Rejuvenating a caster's body was very costly as it meant modifying all of their organs at once and a caster had to drain a whole healthy, young life just to undo a few years of aging. If a caster wanted to undo more years, they needed to drain more lives, but they rejuvenated less and less time with each subsequent draining, as a human body was incapable of accepting and properly utilizing so much life force. And the life force in question always brought with it a small trace of the drained life. A skilled caster could extend their life to more than a century and a half, and delay the decay that comes with age until the last few decades of such an unnaturally long life span, but in the end, the physical body would be overwhelmed with foreign life force and those impurities and traces of other lives would turn it against itself. The end for such a caster was violent and horrid. It was a combination of cancer, elephant man disease, and autoimmune disease as tissues grew out of proportion and the immune system painfully inflamed and destroyed them at random. It was a long, inevitably lethal punishment and karmically just, in Jamie's view.

When one wanted to rejuvenate a powerless mundane, it cost almost ten times as many lives. Organization's clients would be noticeably rejuvenated, at the cost of many young lives and then they'd tour all of their friends and potential clients to show them the process worked and get them interested in undergoing it themselves. It was a bloody and ruthless racket that preyed on the poor and the abandoned. Jamie, having grown up poor, sympathized with the multitudes of nameless victims.

He closed his eyes and tried to meditate, but his mind kept going back to the subject of those escaped capos that had formed this Syndicate he had struck against. They were still out there, somewhere. Hidden. They reminded him of the old Mafia dons in the stories and movies. Old men who sat in front of a rickety shack on the edge of an orchard in southern Italy, wearing a shabby, peasant's outfit and casually managing a multi billion dollar criminal empire with discreet winks and nods, shunning all forms of telecommunication. 

These capos shared such a disdain for traceable communication. In the days of their previous criminal organization, they used to communicate solely by charmed messengers that were regularly mind wiped and disposed of. There was no fucking way for Jamie to find them with the resources at his disposal.

One other thing that had been nagging at him ever since reading those files was their appetite. They used to be insatiable nutjobs, but the very idea that they had apparently settled for a small operation consisting of three clinics for organ theft and one more that did the implantations was preposterous. Jamie now suspected that he had only touched a tiny fraction of their actual organization and that they were still out there. Doing unspeakable things in the dark. 

Fear of reprisals from these maniacs hounded his every waking moment, ever since he had read those files. He shook his head unhappily. He needed to get some sleep, not dwell on these maniacs that were far beyond his reach. Vampires awaited him. He drew a deep breath and held it until his lungs started to burn. He gathered up all of the thoughts of the Syndicate and expelled them from his mind as he released that long held breath. He repeated the exercise a few more times and finally dozed off.

Jamie, Sandra and Rose snapped awake and screamed in a panic. They cast their eyes about in confusion, for half a second, before their sleepy minds zeroed in on the source of their alarm. The wards they had placed on their loved ones' homes, back in their home town, had been breached.

Sandra screamed an order at Nova to turn the plane around and fly them back to their home town. Jamie opened up his laptop as the plane tilted and turned. Unbidden, Nova put up the live feeds from their surveillance cameras, only for them to see those feeds twink out. Jamie struggled to contain his panic, but couldn't quite make it. He only managed to order his girls to master their panic and think clearly. Sandra reviewed the last footage recorded by the cameras, but spotted nothing useful.

"We should call home," suggested Rose, "and warn them! Nova, patch us through to the local 911 dispatcher! Helena, get them to send squad cars to our parents' houses! Say there's a prowler, or something!" Everyone got their phone out and nervously waited while none of their family members back home answered their calls.

"Cyrus is there," Sandra said. "If he could just get us eyes on the situation..."

"I'm on it," Jamie yelled. He selected Cyrus' number on his speed dial and nervously tapped his armrest as he listened to the ringing noise. His legs were jumping in place, all on their own. As soon as he heard the click, he yelled, "Cyrus! Jamie! Get to my house and tell me what's happening!"

Cyrus made some grunting noises and said, "What?"

"Cyrus," Jamie yelled, desperately, "please go to my house! Right now! Someone's there and they're trying to hurt my family! Please! Just get me eyes on the situation! I'm begging you!"

"Yeah, ok," mumbled a sleepy Cyrus. "Will do."

Jamie disconnected the line and looked around. Everyone else was just finishing up with their call to 911 that was supposed to send a patrol car to their parents' house. 

"This must be Section," Sandra said. "Don't we know who heads them? Don't we know who The Suit is?"

Nova answered that it did know that information, but that their minds could not retain it. It suggested routing a call to The Suit from one of his children's phones and intimidating him into calling the attack off. Everyone was confused as to how Nova was going to get The Suit to back off, as they forgot the information that it had children as soon as they heard it, but they screamed at the gynoid to get it done, all the same.

Rose suggested they scry on their families. If someone had taken them and removed their warded jewelry, then they'd be able to scry on them. Jamie did his level best to scry on his little sister. He couldn't quite concentrate with all the adrenaline in his veins making him short of breath. Finally, his need to protect his family overrode his fear and he managed to cast a couple of scrying spells. He failed to find his mother, however, much like Rose and Sandra couldn't find their own parents, or Sonya's. Alice Worth was in Section lockup, also unable to be scryed on and they genuinely didn't care about her enough to even try. Jamie scryed again on his baby sister and got no result. He didn't know if that was good or not.

The cabin was quiet as Rose and Sandra scryed in vain and Helena and Sonya dialed number after number in the futile hope that someone would answer. Only Jamie's sobbing was heard. Something bad has happened to their families, and it was all his fault. Finally, Nova said, "The phone call is complete. The Suit denied any knowledge of this attack and has offered to send an investigator, first thing tomorrow. My analysis of The Suit's voice stress levels indicates that The Suit was surprised by this attack, but that the surprise is a glad one."
