 I'm so glad to post again. I got a lot more stories. This episode is like a little hinge between things. I will follow it up with more once I decide which story should go next...



Days turned to weeks in the long winter. Babies were delivered, it became the season of children in the tower. In a room in the upper tower, Marcos lounged with Kaarthen and several other pregnant women. In his arms, he held Eist, the baby Aliss had given birth to recently. Aliss sat in the back of the room with her pregnant mother Salenne. The two tittered and cooed quietly over the bulging stomach of Salenne. Most women in the tower revered pregnancy as the highest form of existence. The goddess nestled in Kaarthen whole heartedly approved.

As the room quietly enjoyed the day, Augussi entered the room and crossed over to him. "Master?"

Marcos was brought out of a daze. "Hmm?" he looked up and regarded her violet hair, and hazel gold eyes. Her bronze tan had lightened a bit over the winter, and her purple hair wasn't sun bleached to a lavender color. Overall she looked different, and slightly darker. 

"A petition from Pessilberg." She said showing her note. It was elaborately sealed and stamped with black and gold ribbon under a bright yellow wax crest.

"Read it." Marcos grumbled and adjusted himself in his chair. 

She removed the seal then flipped it open. "Marcos : Information recently obtained, indicate issues with the court in Lafaust. Our ring of informants has reported a rumor that the Crown prince is under undo influence from his mother. I request this is resolved before his coronation."

"Bitch." Marcos spat. The baby stirred but stayed quiet while watching him intently.

Kaarthen hissed from behind him snacking on huge Virgilian grapes. They were juicy, seeded, and deep purple in color. She hadn't yet harvested yet from her vineyard so she had been making transmutations from regular grapes for the women to sample. It turned out to be wonderful practice for using magic. "When is the coronation?" She asked.

Dulia stepped into the room as she spoke. In her hand, she held another larger sheet and handed it to Augussi. She replied as Augussi read the papers. "By law, it is within three weeks of the King's death. The ceremony for the Immortal crown is done here in Mavvus." 

"I don't want to go into Lafaust. I hate cold weather." Marcos grumbled. "How long does the king have?"

Dulia responded while moving to the window looking out into the overcast day of mid winter. "Months, maybe weeks. He is assisted getting around but now he mostly stayed in quarters. He is declining rapidly." She looked out at the city. It hadn't yet snowed enough to stick. Mavvus was a somber grey under the winter clouds, and the palace grounds were subdued. With most activities taking place underground, or in the huge buildings bulwarks, only a few servants, and stable boys had reason to be out.

"He's only sixty something." Marcos pouted. "That's pretty early for them." 

"Eighty two, Master. He will be eighty-three in a week after the new years." Dulia corrected. She turned to him from the window. "We have known of the situation for some time now Master. We can kill the woman before she continues to subjugate him any further."

Marcos snorted quietly and rocked the baby. "Incest isn't a big issue for nobles. There isn't much of a scandal if it blows up."

Dulia pushed. "His mother? She is from the principalities in the east. The Scorrs, I believe. People are sensitive to knowing undue influence is on our Crown from a easterner. The Principalities have a long history of manipulation for power. It is best not to allow Mavvus to get a taste of their style of intrigue. Besides, at twenty six and unmarried, he will only cause more scandal if this continues." 

"I am sensitive to sexual issues. If he is happy, we can't ruin it because she 'shouldn't' be fucking him." Marcos leaned back rocking the baby and looking at its already manifest beauty. "Love is a fickle thing. He will want what we try to deny him." 

Augussi cleared her throat and spoke up. "Then when?"

Marcos inhaled and spoke quietly as if afraid the walls would hear. "After the King dies, poison her, and let them be burned together. It will give our diplomats a clean break in dealing with the Principalities. Bards will sing of legendary love of the two. I assume you have a wife in mind for him?"

"Indeed. Our last one was sent back after some weird ritual between the two." Dulia announced. "The prince lay with her crying nearly the whole time, and rushed off to his mother when they were done. She was ejected from court in Lafaust the next day. 

"Interesting." Marcos said hugging the quiet babe tighter.

"Perhaps Mara can go." Kaarthen offered. "She has professed a desire to kill again these last few days, and it would be good for her to get out and feed her hungers."

Marcos thought for a minute of the bloodbath his homicidal fuckpet would reap if given the chance, or a reason. "No... Perhaps something more delicate is needed."

Kaarthen continued undeterred. "She knows how to restrain herself. Lafaust would only loose some undesirable characters."

Marcos waved at her dismissively. "I only let her do that in Pyressel because we wanted information and it was a city-state far from our borders. She could kill somebody necessary slinking around the alleys of Lafaust. Have her go to the black temple she can challenge people there."

Augussi winced. "Ahh..."

Kaarthen spoke up for her. "She's already emptied it."

"Damn, those people were useful." Marcos stopped to think. "These are the problems I meant when you picked up the little dirty things. Six hundred years of sexual slavery in a dungeon, and now she's not quite right. Send her to Lafaust. Metacari should escort her, and have her work closely with one of our trained sisters so she may learn how to work in the shadows..." Marcos paused. "And help our little 'information bureau' replenish itself. Nobles will turn to someone for their dirty work, and we need to know who, what, where, and when."

"Yes, Master." Augussi and Dulia said in unison and turned to exit.

Marcos stopped them before they left. "Kill whoever you need too over there. Prince Carsol has always been very soft, and a little too soft hearted. I have worried what would happen if someone influenced his soft mind as a King. I don't want to have those worries anymore." He finished gravely and tickled the babe in his arms.

"Yes, Master." The women responded and left.

##########

Ein and Rinis started to get out of the Citadel more as Kaarthen had grown larger. After her childbirht they kept up the practice since Kaarthen was still occupied. Princess Ruegin was only too happy to spend the day with them as they went into the city and bathed in the heated waters of the Red Temple.

As Kaarthen's bored mind rode along with them, and reveled in their surroundings, they sat talking about the issues the Princess had to address. Around them, nude women and others in bead skirts, or diaphanous wraps lounged in the bathing area decorated in red velvet, grey marble, and gold rope.

Women of high class gathered socially in the temple. Few were actually present to celebrate their menses. Most were avoiding responsibilities outside by getting massages, sleeping, eating, or talking quietly. The temple's novices went around offering oil, and refreshments as everyone relaxed with a heavy sheen of oil glistening over their bodies.

As Princess Ruegin spoke, she had a novice on her shoulder's rubbing away her stress. Princess Nossin sat in the waters across from them quietly enjoying herself. Her Hjordis sat deeper in the waters next to her and seemed to relax with her head back and eyes closed. At her shoulder were her sword and dagger. Princess Ruegin's Hjordis stood separately fully clothed, and walked around the sunken tub. Both were ready at a moment's notice.

"I just picked out where I'll go to lead when my sister has the crown." Princess Ruegin remarked absently.

"Where will you go?"

"As a Duchess, and heir apparent until my sister has her daughter, I will get a large but fairly distant area to govern. I'm thinking of a colony out in the Western sea."

"How are Menthino's colonies?" Ein muttered to keep the conversation going.

"A waste. We got them signed over in a treaty after a war some time ago, but Lord Panthi has problems with the idea of extending ourselves in that direction. As it is we allow the natives too much free reign. I went once." Princess Ruegin laid her head back and closed her eyes. "The locals are just some silly pygmies. They picked that time to revolt, and I had to wipe out a village along the coast. I almost lost a whole patrol of Battlemaidens to the little monkeys." She sighed. 

"I didn't get any sleep last time I was there. When I get ashore this time, I'm sure they'll lay down their arms rather than resume the nightmare. I will bring each and everyone of them to the bosom of the dark mother myself if I have too. If they don't come to my merciful hand, it'll be an interesting few years at first. Lord Panthi has books on ways of bringing terror to large populations. I read of a few methods I want to try..."

"If you go out west to the Colony Islands won't you be right next to Sellis?" Ein asked slowly.

"Yes, west of sellis and south of Dar Dellis, but don't worry about that. I have started to keep an eye on that budding empire. One day it'll have a King, and I might be in a position to capitalize..." Princess Ruegin remarked. "In fact I am in talks about heading over to Munklin...Their Crown prince is dead, and the Royals are quite old already. If I started there then Sellis would fall the day Monto takes the crown."

"No less than what he deserves," Ein giggled. "You will be an excellent Queen, and I would love to see it happen."

Two women entered the Temple then. One was shorter than average, and dressed matronly. She strutted like she was the dame of a house, and wore her slightly grayed hair in a tight bun. Behind her was a tall slender dark haired woman wearing a hooded robe opened to show her naked body. 

The one in front led her by a wispy chain wrapped around the other woman's neck. Only an occasional glint of light told people watching that it was there. Just as the attention on the mysterious pair reached its peak, the two stopped and they both disrobed.

Various hisses went up around the room as the noblewomen recognized their peer.

"Lady Sepremset..." Princess Ruegin noted raising herself up in the water till her pink nipples came up to get a good view as the room gathered tighter around the exhibition. "Oh isn't this delicious." 

Left exposed in the room, the pale brunette Lady Sepremset, shivered lightly under the gazes of the women. After a moment of humiliation, Lady Sepremset was pushed down low by the dame leading her until she sat back on her knees. Though her eyes protested, she was pulled forward into the bush of the older woman who grinned down at her with mischievous eyes. Keeping the chain taut, the older woman rode her face till her body started to sweat, and her neck, chest, and back flushed red. Backing off slightly, she knocked the slender woman over to lay back, and quickly rubbed her bud over her as she spread open her flower.

Finally, the older woman gave a choked gasp over her silent partner as her pussy gushed onto her. Around the room, several other nearly naked women were masturbating from the display. Not all had just lust in their hearts.

As the first woman stepped back, another moved in and came to a wet climax just as she stepped over the unresisting form of Lady Sepremset. Again and again, the oiled semi-naked noblewomen roused themselves to orgasm and doused the prone brunette's slim pale body from head to toe. 

Some women coming back for more pulled her face up to their pussies and used her head to grind against until they could cum again.

Satiated, the room full of women ignored her and returned to lounging around, and enjoying the food, drink, and massages the temple offered. Mara pulled up her charge, and pulled her to the cold cleansing waters that ran through the center of the purity room like a shallow indoor river.

#####

In a Citadel, a tall muscular woman with pale skin, white hair, dark eyes that glinted metallically, and youthful feminine looks lounged sideways on a backless couch in a library. Her belly was expaned with pregnancy as she ate grapes and stared of into space.

"The King is dead." She announced quietly.

Behind her, a dark tanned woman with purple hair and gold eyes wrote down something while a blond with dark eyes and a curvy body looked over.

"What of the marks? Have we decided which to remove?" She asked quietly.

"One killed the other, she is dead. By suffocation. Mara is preparing to tell a story of her killing herself upon the news of her one true loves death."

"Creative." The blond mused. "What of the boy-King?"

"He is exerting himself with Aurelia. He has already given her his seed."

Behind them, the purple haired woman spoke up.

"Please inform Master that all actions are complete in Lafaust. He will need to be available for coronation."

The lounging woman replied. "Rinis has told him everything."

"Excellent, I'll send our notes to Pessilberg. Those two should be recalled immediately."

"They'll be on the next coach that leaves tonight."

#######

The preparations for the coronation went off without a hitch. The new King came down the canal with Lady Aurelia, his bride to be. The princes also came on a royal barge with a large group of other nobles. The party was greeted on the grounds of the palace as they stepped out into the clear bright winter's day. The little snow the city received was nearly gone, and already talk of spring was buzzing in the tower.

"Welcome to Mavvus, Brothers." Queen Mensillin said curtsying graciously.

Flanking her were the three princesses, Marcos, Kaarthen, General Creighton, and the Citidel's assembled servants, guards, and Hijordis.

The tall blonde handsome King holding his beautiful raven-haired bride to be. Both wore rich heavy robes lined in ermine. "I am honored Sister." He responded magnanimously.

Behind him formed a train of nobles from Lafaust, visiting dignitaries, and friends of court headed by his brothers. The shorter yet identical Prince Luthero headed the group. He was wearing a suit of dark steel armor with a black striped silk coif around his neck. Marcos though it made him look too fashionable but didn't speak.

Next was the slightly darker haired Prince Billile who was the King's height of six feet. He was a notorious 'man of women' and his cheery smile seemed infectious to those around him. He was clad in only a chest plate and wore dark linen clothes underneath. He had a red and yellow sash about his waist for gaiety and leather thigh-high riding boots only a pirate would wear. 

Prince Neasar the quiet came next and nodded to the Queen and kissed her hand. He was her only male child and as rules stated, he ad been raised to be King. He was blonder than the others, and very similar to the Queen's delicate features of thin eyebrows and pink puckered lips. Despite his pretty boy appearance, he was as ruthless as anyone, and just as capable. 

The last was the Prince Sidwell. He was taller than Prince Neasar, and pale with dark hair that didn't match anyone. He eschewed mixing into the crowd and nodded to Marcos and the Queen before backing away. Kaarthen noted the looks he gave Marcos. The two had an obviously unpleasant history. 

The assembled group paraded into the Citadel talking in loud joyous voices. That night the city celebrated the eve of a new King with wild festivals. Menthino held banquets and feasts in every town from the chaos lands to the Moxle. 

The next morning, after a late breakfast, Marcos, Kaarthen, Janis, and the royals were all in the Queen's lounge. The normally shuttered windows were open. The usually dark wood paneled room decorated in black and purple felt crowded, though everyone was seated comfortably. The Queen began the meeting with several questions and gave Marcos time at the end to get some answers.

"I understand you wish to marry while in Mavvus?" He asked the King quietly.

"Yes it is my hope to be married while we are here. Aurelia has asked that you do it." He gestured to his dark haired fiancée who nodded.

Marcos nodded back and grinned slightly. "Has she now? I will accept." He paused. "Have you thought of the day?"

The two set a day and had the wedding planned for the next day in the Citadel. The Coronation was to be done that night however, and Marcos was careful to speak with everyone to deal with any problems.

"Well then, all orders of business are concluded." Marcos sighed.

"Actually Lord Panthi, there is something." Prince Neasar started to say.

Marcos was growing weary of the slowness after the already long meeting over the planned nuptials. "Well, what?"

"The principalities want a marriage. 

"Oh?" Marcos mused.

Prince Neasar blushed looking away. "The principalities seem to all have daughters they are willing to marry off." The prince inhaled and finally blurted. "Our close allies of the region, the Scorrs I believe, are looking for a cemented relationship since the last Mistress-wife... Hurickia passed."

Quietly everyone turned in their seats and looked at Princess Ruegin and Princess Saliss for any objection. The Prince's marriage was that would affect their early reign much more that Queen Mensillin's ongoing diplomatic relationships.

"Ridiculous." Marcos snorted loudly. "I would have you on the frozen throne in Astrokos before doing that. Your line is above that silliness especially since the principalities have nothing to offer. Did you intend to go out there? Perhaps you want to make a proper kingdom out of the fools."

"Ah...yes lord." The prince forced a smile quickly. 

"Interesting," Marcos thought for a moment. "It will have to wait."

"Excuse me?" Prince Neasar seemed forlorn.

"Before you get to play warlord, I will go west to Munklin. Dar Delis is behind a request for the princess to take the throne there. They want a Queen to unite the clans. Princess Ruegin could be perfect for it they say. She would be the one to do it by hook or by crook."

Princess Ruegin shuffled hearing her name. "Excuse me?"

"By any, and all, means necessary." Marcos corrected and gave her a smile.

She seemed satisfied with the assessment.

"I see." The prince quietly muttered.

"You seem vested in this Prince Neasar." Marcos half asked curiously.

The prince wagged his head. "I...I have met the princess they spoke of once."

Princess Nossin spoke up. "That wasn't a princess. She was a courtesan."

Marcos cringed and tried not to chuckle as the prince blanched.

"The 'Dirty princes strike again!" Billile Laughed aloud as he and Princes Ruegin laughed openly.

The prince's face hardened and turned red in anger. His delicate brows dropped as his lips tightened. "I will go, and when I get there I will purge the fools from my sight. They will learn my displeasure."

"I can see that, when dealing with those small states, we have much to be on top of." Queen Mensillin said diplomatically even as she smiled. "Perhaps you can stay here with us, and accept the offer so long as you are married in the holy Red Temple. That should give the silly princes pause."

"That's good. Those easterners never learn." Marcos mused thinking further on it. "Queen Mensillin will be very diligent to insure a proper bride is sent. In fact, we might as well have them all send the women of their family so we may have a ball. Perhaps I should stay for that..." Marcos added thoughtfully.
