 She knelt beside the swift-flowing brook, impatiently resting beside the rushing water on a small and sandy bank. It was autumn now, the leaves on the trees stained with the hues of a hundred different shades of red and yellow. They fell around her, some landing like little boats in the stream, others drifting to litter the ground beneath their parent trees. Aurora could hear some of the fallen ones crackling beneath her as she shifted her weight to a more comfortable position. In truth, she did not mind the wait, alone in her secret spot deep within the woodland. Here, in the forest, she felt the wild pull of nature all about her, a primal potpourri of woodland scents and the calls of the animals that dwelled there. It was here that she could be herself. It was here that Aurora could acknowledge her true destiny.

To mortal eyes, she seemed to be an incredibly beautiful woman, just barely twenty years of age. Most found her very pleasing to the eye, and she'd not lacked for boyfriends ever since she was old enough to understand what a boyfriend was for. Her features were sleek and well defined, her skin smooth and flawless and the color of cream. Aurora's hair was a deep red, almost a burgundy shade, so unusual that most jealous women swore it was dye and not nature's gift. But by far, Aurora's most startling feature was her eyes. They were the shade of green that one only sees on the freshly budding leaves in the springtime. 

Occasionally, as befitting her mood at the time, they were flecked with slivers of gold, or they darkened to the deepest emerald. But always it seemed as though her gaze bore right through you, past your skin and muscles, making its way into the depths of your soul. If Aurora looked at you long enough, it was said, she could drive you to do anything her heart desired. Her suitors were testament to that rumor, falling all over themselves to be by her side, even when the relationships eventually ended. And they always did. Aurora was fickle in love and in lust, and with good reason. For what humankind didn't know was that despite her very mortal exterior, Aurora was not fully of their kind. 

Twenty years before, a great crime had been committed, right on the banks where Aurora now sat. Twenty years ago, a lone male mortal had wandered into the forest pursuing fresh game. When his hunt failed to turn up anything, he had pressed deep into the forest until he stumbled upon the very stream that rushed past Aurora's bare feet. And there, much to his shock, he came across the most beautiful creature he'd ever seen. A nature sprite, Daedra, was bathing in the brook that day. She had never seen a human man before. The human man had never seen anything like her, either. 

It was an instant attraction, one that led to a quick and passionate interlude there in the forest stream. But it was a forbidden union, and no sooner had their act occurred than it drew the attentions of the highest court in the land of Faery. The High King and Queen, Oberon and Titania, intercepted the lovers before they could part and laid judgment on their deed. The mortal man was put to death instantly, killed by the sword of Oberon's best guard lest he return to his people and speak of the things he had done. Daedra was to suffer his fate for disobeying her most High Lord and Lady, as per Titania's order, but as Oberon moved to announce the death sentence he discovered that the man's seed had found its mark. Because she was with child, the nature sprite found pity from their wrath. Instead, she became a prisoner, restricted solely to the realm of Faery. 

When her child was born, it was decided by Oberon and Titania that the child would be returned to the mortal realm, where she would live her childhood among the human race. It was only fitting, they deemed, since the blood that purged through her was half-human. That child, that changeling, was Aurora. Oberon himself had carried Aurora into the human realm, in the pitch black of night. Before he abandoned her on the steps to a local church, he placed around her neck a necklace that could never be removed. 

Enchanted by him, it would allow her to find her way back to the spot where she was conceived when she was of the age to understand her birthright. "In your breast beats the heart of a Fae child," Oberon whispered in Aurora's infant ear. "You will grow as no mortal child grows, and you will never be satisfied by a mortal's coarse caresses. When you grow of age to love, each year you will return to the spring where your mother conceived you. And each year you will take into your embrace a lover from the realm of Faery, until you conceive a babe of your own. When you have become heavy with a child of one of our kind, your blood shall be purified, and you shall join us in the world of the Fae where you shall take your rightful place among your people." He had left her with his charm about her neck, and his kiss upon her forehead, waiting to be found by the humans within the building. 

And so it was for this reason that Aurora, half-child of the Fae, waited by the stream. She knew it was time, time for the destined mating that Oberon had predicted when he abandoned her. It was evident in the reactions of her body, the tumultuous feelings racing through her blood. She'd lost her virginity to her last human boyfriend only a few months earlier. The act had been rather unfulfilling, despite his best efforts to make her feel pleasure at his hands. Aurora was anxious to feel what making love to one of the realm of Faery would feel like. A sudden wind blew through the forest, billowing the scarlet strands of her hair out like a cape behind her. The air was heavy, charged with electricity, and the golden charm about her neck suddenly began to grow warmer and warmer against her skin. 

Excitement welled up inside her like water behind a dam. She got to her feet, the necklace now so warm against her flesh it was starting to nearly burn. This is it, she thought, and she felt the coming of her otherworldly lover. Her body was already reacting to the tension like a response to a skilled paramour's touch. Beneath her thin, white cotton t-shirt, Aurora's nipples hardened, their full centers brushing against the worn fabric with her quickened breathing. Her stomach tingled as if fingers brushed against the velvety skin beneath her blue jeans, and where the denim material pressed tight against her sex, the petals of her flower were already gathering moisture and swelling in arousal. 

The sensations increased when a more violent wind ripped through the trees, and Aurora's knees got weak, a soft moan escaping her lush mouth. The water in the stream suddenly stopped flowing, frozen as if now made of ice, and above its still surface, a bluish ball of light began to form and grow steadily bigger. It grew more and more massive, until it became apparent that it was a portal opening between the human and Faery realm. Within the blue, swirling vortex, a figure began to appear, walking towards her from a road on the other side of the portal. It was her lover, arriving to sate the fire in her blood, to quench the thirst that suddenly burned within her loins.

When her chosen partner stepped through, his feet walking on the now-solid surface of the stream, Aurora's breath caught in her throat. She knew him, knew him from a faint memory as a child, though her eyes had only laid upon him once. He was taller than she, almost six and a half feet, and slender despite the chiseled muscles that defined his body. His hair was the shade of midnight and short, a mass of tight black curls reminiscent of the style on ancient Greek statues. Every inch of his flesh was tanned, but the bronze of his skin was not the same tan as a mortal. Rather, the dark skin fairly seemed to glitter, as if it were iridescent in way. 

He wore little, save for a laurel of eternally green ivy leaves weaved into his dark hair and a loincloth made of the same lush woven vines. His eyes were the most vibrant shade of gold Aurora had ever seen, more pure than the necklace about her throat. And on his back were the most incredible wings she'd ever seen. They were shaped like a dragonfly's wings, and shiny as though they were made of crystal. As he walked across the still brook, the light filtering down through the overhead canopy of leaves made them shine first purple, then gold, then green. He held out his hand, and the corner of his sensual mouth curved up in a slight smile. This, her lover, was the most important man in all the realm of Faery. This man was Oberon, husband to Titania, High King of all who dwelt within the other land. "I have waited for this day, child of Daedra," Oberon said, his voice lilting and musical with an accent not of Earth. "It is my right as High King that I be the one to initiate you to the pleasures a Fae lover can bring."

"What of Titania?" Aurora asked. Although she had never laid eyes on Oberon's immortal bride, she knew from the tales of men that had survived an encounter with the realm of Faery that Titania's rage was to be feared. 

"Titania knows of my rights, my changeling." Oberon smiled reassuringly at her. "She does not begrudge me my indiscretions. She has her own rights and privileges to initiate the male brood into our fold." He took a step closer to her, hand still outstretched. "Come. Shed the clothes of the human flock. Join me in this day of pleasure."

Aurora didn't need to be asked twice, not when every part of her body and soul screamed out for this, begged for this mating. She flushed a little, modest at becoming naked before such a powerful man, but she did as he bade. Her full, creamy breasts barely sagged when she stripped of her t-shirt and dropped it to the forest floor. By the time she tugged the tight jeans over her hips and down her long legs, Oberon had crossed the stream to stand at her side. He looked over her body, as if examining her for the slightest flaw. Aurora kept her fists clenched at her side, fighting not to cover her naked breasts. 

She was burning inside as Oberon paced around her. He admired the taut curves of her buttocks, the fullness of her chest and hips, the waist that was so tiny his large hands could span it easily. "You favor your mother, child of Daedra," Oberon chuckled. "One would hardly see the taint of human in your features at all. Did we not know you to be a half-breed, we would have taken you for an escaped wood nymph." It was meant as a compliment and Aurora took it as such, especially when Oberon moved to press against her body in approval. He lifted a finger to touch the charm, the gift he'd blessed her with as a babe. At his word, the necklace fell free of her slender throat, no longer needed now that she had found the place of her birth. The gold bauble fell unnoticed to the floor as Oberon gathered Aurora against his body, covering her mouth with his own.

Kissing Oberon was nothing like kissing her human boyfriends. It was like pressing her tongue to a pleasurable livewire, a current of pleasure that ripped through her heightened senses like a dagger. His lips, his teeth, his tongue plundered again and again, taking her breath and raising her desire. As their mouths moved in a mating dance, Oberon's hands found her naked flesh and began to stoke the mounting flames higher in her soul. Aurora moaned against his lips, as his palms ran over her shoulders to cup over her breasts. This felt so right, so perfect…..she felt a sense of belonging and it made tears well in her eyes. Beneath their skin, their heartbeats pounded in unison, the rhythm too fast and wild to be human. Oberon's long fingers found the coral centers of her breasts and sought out the hardened pearl embedded there. He gently flicked their tips over and over again, moving the pads of his fingers in circles over the tight buds until Aurora's whole body shuddered in time to his caress. Her hands came up in between them, resting on his hard chest, her nails digging lightly into the flesh of his breast hard enough to leave crescent-shaped marks in the nubile and hairless skin. 

"Yes," she breathed, and the tears that had built in her eyes began to spill down her cheeks. "Yes, my lord Oberon." Her hips pressed against his abdomen as if she was fused there, moving in involuntary little thrusts against the flap of the ivy loincloth. Beneath the tangled leaves, Oberon was already fully erect, his sex a steely rod that ground against her. Aurora almost cried aloud with disappointment when his hands left her breasts, stroking down her body and behind her back. He cupped the bounty of her buttocks in his hands, lifting her to her tiptoes, pressing her harder against him. Everywhere skin touched, he was as hot as someone who bore a fever. Everywhere his fingers grazed, little shocks of passion made her body ache for more. Aurora closed her eyes, and let him pleasure her to new heights, her body going limp and pliable in his arms. 

She felt her world tilt suddenly, and realized she had been swept effortlessly off her feet to lie on the bed of dead leaves that cushioned the bank. They crackled and groaned beneath her body, tangling in the curls of her hair, tickling the bare skin of her back. Aurora felt the weight of Oberon's larger form cover her, his legs pushing her bare thighs apart so that he could nestle between them. Lips feeding on her throat, he pushed against her body, their sexes separated by the curtain of ivy leaves, miming the motion that he would complete once he entered her. But he did it to torment her, to tighten the spiral of passion building inside her like a wild storm. Aurora could do little more than sob when he moved down her body, feasting at will with his tongue and teeth. He nipped her breasts, licked a fiery path down her quivering stomach. When his tongue dipped in the tiny cave of her bellybutton, Aurora's eyes flew open in surprise. His path was leading directly to the core of her, the hungry little sex that was dying to be paid attention to. Her folds were already swollen and full from his ministration on other parts of her anatomy, and the moisture flowing from her was copious, not only covering her nether-mouth with juices but also forming a puddle of her desire on the leaves between her legs. When Oberon's mouth nipped at her lower abdomen for the first time, Aurora sucked in a shuddering breath, waiting for the first intimate kiss of her Faery King. 

Oberon was not about to give her the release she craved so easily, and instead of giving her the sensations her body cried out for he rose from her body, leaving her cold and naked and vulnerable for a second. Aurora's green eyes looked up at his laughing face, his dancing golden eyes as he winked down at her. "Easy, my changeling. This is a moment to treasure." He brought his hands to the leaves of the loincloth he wore, and his nimble fingers found a hidden clasp that Aurora couldn't see. The covering came loose in his hands, and she was exposed to him for the first time. 

Aurora was speechless, stunned. Her body couldn't possibly accommodate the thick weapon he bore between his muscular thighs. He was bigger than a mortal by far, bigger than any mortal she had seen, anyhow. His entire body was hairless, the sex not crowned by a nest of hair like a human. Somehow it made the turgid flesh of him seem almost intimidating. It was the length of her forearm, and thick enough that she judged her fingertips might not close about it properly. The soft, wrinkled sac that dangled beneath it was full and large. The sight of his glory thrilled and frightened her at the same time. Oberon watched her with a satisfied smile, reaching down with one of his hands and cupping himself to show her the width and length. "The Fae are a potent lot," he teased her, kneeling down beside her. "We take our pleasure where we will among each other. It is forbidden to spill our desires with mortals once you are fully among our kind, but I doubt you will miss it much."

"Oberon," Aurora whispered reverently, reaching out with her hand almost against her will. She had to touch it, that fantastic organ. She had to test it with her own fingers. He surprised her by straddling her shoulders, facing away from her face so that the pendulum of flesh hung over her face, the glorious shaft rising to rest against his stomach. "Explore at your will, daughter of Daedra," Oberon purred, and Aurora reached her hands up to do just that. As her fingers closed about him, Oberon bent his head again, and this time his kiss found the mark that Aurora had been dying for him to target. Pushing his way through the curls as burgundy as the hair on her head, Oberon's nimble tongue found the overheated sex between her thighs and began to lap at the fluids gathered there. She cried out, her body going stiff, loving the sensation of his mouth drinking from her chalice of flesh. She had never felt so alive, never felt anything like the burning need inside her. Her hand closing about the engorged width of him, she moved her fingers slowly up and down his impressive length while she leaned her head up to suck gently on the dark pink sac that hung before her mouth. 

They pleasured each other, Yin and Yang, man and woman. Oberon murmured his approval against her nether flesh, his breath a hot, tingling rush against her folds. His tongue found the hard, swollen mound that exposed itself and flicked over and over again. Aurora felt it then, like she was standing on the edge of a great cliff, waiting to fall. Her body tensed, every muscle in her body straining to reach the pinnacle, to ride the winds of her desire. Her hands fell to her sides, gripping fistfuls of the dead leaves in her hands. She screamed his name, her hips pumping once against his mouth as he gently nipped her pleasure center with his teeth. Then she was exploding, dying against him, her juices flowing like the stream had been. Every pore, every hair on her body stood at attention with sensation. Her body convulsed against him and she moaned with every contraction of release that flooded through her overheated senses. 

Oberon gave her no time to recover from the freefall of her climax. As she lay stunned, pliant, and shuddering on the forest floor, he gathered her into his arms. He held her close to his chest, her legs going to wrap about his waist. "Receive my blessing, changeling," He moaned against the nape of her neck, his tongue darting out to taste her sweat-dampened flesh. "Hold on tight." Aurora dimly registered his words through the fog of her convulsions, her arms limply winding around his neck. Then suddenly, he gave a great push, and the wings on his back lifted them high in the air. They were flying, flying at great speed and Aurora felt him nudging her damp folds with little thrusts of his hips. In one fluid motion, he slid within her heated sex, the last contractions of her first climax gripping and releasing him like a velvet fist. Oberon was far too big to fit inside her fully, but her silken nether mouth stretched to the best of its ability, fitting like a second skin around three-fourths of his length. And as they flew over the forest, high above the trees, his hips pumped in time with the beating of his dragonfly wings. 

With every thrust, the swollen head of his member pressed some secret button deep inside her, and Aurora was soon meeting his thrusts with her own, the pleasure mounting again as she valiantly tried to take every inch of him. She was caught unprepared by her second orgasm, slamming her body like he had stolen the breath from her. It wrenched a sob from her throat as she rode the violent storm of the throbs again and again, as her body pulsed about him in her pleasure. Oberon's skin grew incredibly hot against her flesh, and low guttural groans began to escape his throat. "In this mating, I purify you, Aurora," Oberon murmured his body going slick and tense beneath her. "Take me, take my offering into you. Receive the gift into your womb, and bear me a Fae child." And then he thrust once more into her, and Aurora felt him exploding within her, filling her with his seed. 
