 Jenna's hostess, for her very first visit to the establishment, was a Telarian who introduced herself as 'Pixa'. Telarians are a humanoid species, generally quite small in stature, but this particular female was almost as tall as Jenna herself. Completely bald, as with the rest of her race, her large eyes, with their characteristic bronze rings around the iris, were soft and kindly. She ushered Jenna into her little office and motioned her into one of the two chairs before a large viewing console.

"There are, of course, many species from which to choose," she began. "Perhaps we can review a few and narrow down your particular needs and wishes..." 

Her voice modulator gave Pixa's words a soft, sibilant quality that helped to calm Jenna's inward nervousness. It was clear, however, that she was launching into a 'sales pitch' that had been delivered many times but Jenna, having done some preliminary research, was ready to jump ahead.

"Can you tell me a little about the Chiraba?" she asked. 

Telarians, of course, do not smile, but Pixa emitted the short purring sound that passes as the equivalent and she nodded with approval. Her hands moved to the input sensor on her control desk and hovered there for a second.

"You are aware that the Chibara are semi-sentient injectors, are you not?"

"Uh ... I'm not sure," Jenna replied. "I have read some of the information, but I'm not quite familiar with all the ... well, all the terminology yet."

"Ah," said Pixa, clearly pleased to be able to provide some helpful information. "The name 'Chibara' actually refers to a class of related organisms, but all are described as 'semi-sentient' in that they operate at an instinctual, rather than an intellectual level. They are, in a sense, virtually mindless and perform all biological functions as an automatic response to specific stimuli. Primarily, and for our immediate purposes, we exploit a sexual response to certain olfactory input..."

"To... to smell, you mean?" Jenna asked. "Would that be...my... um..."

"Yes... your specific scent," cut in Pixa. "Of course, this requires that each individual organism be trained by conditioning to respond to the specific olfactory chemicals of species alien to themselves... but the precise conditioned response can be designed to produce such specific behaviors as you, or indeed any of our patrons, may require. I will elaborate in a moment or so, but perhaps I should first explain the 'injector' part of the term..."

Jenna shifted in her chair, her nervousness suddenly reasserting itself like a cloud of butterflies in the pit of her stomach. She had mentally steeled herself in advance before embarking upon this personal adventure, but the imminence of the actual experience was as intimidating as it was exciting. She knew, in very vague terms, what Pixa was about to explain but a fascination, tinged with a very real nervous apprehension, compelled her to nod.

"Yes... please continue," she said, her voice nearly a whisper.

"Well, as mentioned, the Chiraba, when stimulated, responds purely sexually," Pixa continued. "Accordingly, as a very simple, indeed primitive species, their sexual functions are, naturally, just reproductive in nature. When penetration of a receptive orifice occurs, even with an alien species, the normal sexual function causes injection of the genetic medium... an ejaculation, if you will. With the Chibara especially, the ejaculate is not merely copious, but delivered in an intense, and very powerful stream."

Jenna could not suppress an involuntary shiver of ... well, of something she couldn't express. There was something deeply disturbing about the very idea of copulating at such an animalistic level, with something so alien, but she already knew that it was the repulsion that produced the exciting allure. It was, after all, the reason she was there.

Pixa used her long fingers to make a series of gestures over the input sensor on her desk and the viewing screen did a quick dissolve, reforming to present an obviously computer generated image of a Chibara. Jenna had seen several such pictures on her own personal communicator before but this was much larger and the visual impact was more immediate and intense. 

The basic body shape of a Chibara looked much like that of the Terran flatworm known as a Planarian, that is to say, rather like a thick, but flattened arrow. It was much, much larger of course, and more elongated, but, beyond that, the morphology of the Chibara departed radically from the planarian form with the addition of certain appendages; A pair of jointed, almost amphibian like legs just below the mid-point, and a three long, thin, finger-like 'graspers' on each side of the body a little below the arrow-like head. There were no eyes, nor mouth apparent, but, instead, the frontal edge of the 'head' part featured two worm-like feelers on either side of a stubby, wrinkled tube-like structure. The color of this particular Chibara was a mottled greenish-gray and Jenna regarded it with another shiver of horrified, but deeply exciting revulsion.

"Shall we examine the genital organ?" Pixa asked.

Jenna nodded dumbly and Jenna made a few more gestures over her sensor. At once the image of the Chibara was rotated in space so that the nether regions were now visible. Beneath the two legs, a bulbous structure protruded from the lighter flesh of the underside. It was wrinkled, as though capable of expansion, and there was a circular aperture in the front of it. Inside, glistening wetly, Jenna could just make out the rounded, mottled, purplish tip of something firm and fleshy.

"There's no scale," said Jenna after a few moments of awed silence. "Can you show how... you know... how big it is."

"The organ?" Pixa asked.

"No... I mean the creature itself. Well.... The creature and ... and the... the organ too, I guess."

Jenna felt herself blushing slightly but Pixa merely nodded and performed another series of gestures. This time, the Chibara appeared side view on and, next to it, a figure of a human female was placed for comparison. To Jenna's surprise, the Chibara was less than half the height of the woman. Her reaction was clearly obvious to Pixa.

"We employ three variants of Chibara," the Telarian explained. "This one, we call it the 'green type', is about half the size of the other two. It is chosen by some our non-human clients as they themselves are quite diminutive, but many humans, male and female, select this body type as they only seek to receive copulative injection orally..."

Once again, she made a quick gesture with her fingers and, suddenly, the Chibara's glistening erection emerged thickly from its bulbous pouch, snaking forward until it extended, in a slight curve, to a length of 8 or nine inches. It was nearly three fingers in width and Jenna eyed it in wonder.

"This is the first, shortest, extension," Pixa told her. "We can limit oral penetration to this depth," she continued, "or, for those who prefer... deep throat, I believe is the correct term ... extension can be thus."

Another finger gesture, and then the alien organ slid even further out, growing to an incredible 18 inches. Jenna gasped and tried to speak. "But... but how...?"

"Oh, most of the length of the organ rests within the body," Pixa said, anticipating the obvious question. "It merely slides out and forward to extend through the opening in the external seminal vesicle during copulation."

"I... I see," Jenna managed to reply after a significant pause. "What if one wants, um ... penetration of... well, of the non-oral sort?"

"Ah ... then in that case," replied Pixa, "most patrons, human female ones, at least, would opt for either of the other two morphological types... these being the red, or the blue..."

Now, two similarly sized Chibara were displayed on the screen side by side. Again, the female human figure was displayed for comparison and Jenna saw that the height of all three was about the same. Other than color, it was not possible to determine what differences there might be between the two Chibara, but, again, Pixa was happy to explain.

"In these sub-species, the reproductive organ is similar to that of the green type in most regards, but there are differences... In the red, the organ is considerably thicker, but the extension is limited somewhat. Generally, human females who seek vaginal reception prefer this type"

Pixa used the input sensor again and, as with the green type, made the glistening member extend forward. It was indeed thicker than the first she had seen (actually gaining girth closer to its base) and, though the length was proportionately the same as that of the green type in 'first' extension, the difference in the overall size of the two creatures meant that the 'limited' extension was still a good fifteen to 16 inches in length. In addition, the tip was somewhat bulbous and the wide opening to the fluid conduit was plainly visible. Jenna took this in wordlessly.

"Finally," Pixa continued, "We have the blue.... The unique qualities of the organ of this type make it especially suitable, not to say satisfying, for those who seek to receive a very deep and particularly copious injective discharge... and, naturally, because of the considerable internal penetration... reception through the rear passage is... well, not merely favored, but actually necessary."

Once again, graphic manipulation made the organ emerge but, this time, there was no 'first', or 'limited', extension. The girth of the mottled pink and purple probe was no more than four, or at most five fingers along the entire length, but that length was easily two and a half feet. Rather than stiffly curving out and up from its sheath, it had a much more sinuous quality than the other two types, as though designed to accommodate many curves and tight spaces. Jenna gazed at it with something approaching awe.

"And... there are two other significant, but connected, qualities of this organ that make it different from the others," said Pixa. 

She worked her sensor yet again and now the computer generated creatures disappeared and were replaced by an image, real this time, of just the genital shaft of the blue Chibara. The first thing Jenna noticed that, more than merely glistening, the surface of the turgid flesh was thickly coated with a clear, mucous-like secretion. Then Pixa drew her attention to a double row of raised nodular protrusions encircling the shaft a few inches behind the slightly narrowed tip. They looked most alarming as they were clearly pointed and quite rigid.

"Those," said Pixa, 'make penetration with this organ very intense indeed. It can even be painful," she added. "However, the mucous coating the organ actually acts as something of an anodyne to the initial pain and... and this is what makes this creature so especially favored amongst humans... the chemical effects of that same mucous also act to enhance the sensitivity of pleasure receptors, both external and internal. Many find this exquisitely pleasurable but, even so, penetration so far inside, coupled with the intensity of the ejaculate, makes for an experience that is a bit too much for most..."

Jenna was unable to speak. She stared at the fascinating image, her feelings wavering somewhere between outright repulsion and a deep, aching longing. Pixa interpreted her lack of response as a silent indication that the idea was, indeed, just a bit too much.

"Of course, we can take a closer look at the red type, if you like," the Telarian said. "Many human females much prefer the slightly less invasive penetration and we could ...."

"No, that's alright..." interrupted Jenna, finally finding her voice. "I'd like... I mean, I think... I think I want the blue...."

***

Pixa maintained her professional demeanor, showing neither surprise, nor making any sort of comment. Instead, she briskly outlined the basic preparation procedures that would take place before Jenna was taken to the Chibara chamber. After this, and satisfied that Jenna understood the information, she inquired whether there might be anything else Janna wished to know.

"I can provide a slightly more detailed description of the other unique characteristics of the blue Chibara, if you like," she said. "The manner of fluid discharge, and the internal contraction waves of the organ are... well, what makes the experience so... so intense for our patrons." She paused, and then continued. "Or, perhaps you prefer to let some of this remain a mystery for the moment?"

Jenna's shy nod was answer in itself. Pixa made her little purring sound in lieu of a smile of approval and informed Jenna that there were a couple of other points she needed to address. 

She manipulated her controls again and, this time, the view screen opened up to show the interior of a small room. It was quite dim, with only a pale greenish light emanating from somewhere above. The walls were non-descript, mostly lost in shadow, but there was a low bench extending lengthwise from the far one, raised not much more than a foot or so from the concrete floor. There was a rounded cross-beam running across the bench, perhaps three or four feet from the closest end, and there was padding on the floor itself, extending from just behind the bench to about three feet forward on either side. There were straps hanging from the cross-beam, and also the sides of the bench and the floor itself, but Jenna's attention was captured by a series of five rectangular objects arrayed on the wall at the far end of the bench.

"Mirrors?" she asked.

"Just the middle one is an actual mirror," Pixa told her. "Some of our patrons like to be blindfolded during encounters... they feel it enhances their pleasure... while others prefer to see more. This may involve no additional aids, other than the mirror at the center, but, if you like, we can provide a much more complete visual experience.

She made a gesture with one flick of a finger and all of a sudden, the two rectangles on either side of the mirror blinked on to reveal them as being display screens, each showing the room from different vantage points. There was, of course, nothing much to see other than the bench but Jenna could see that little would be hidden from view, even by a client being 'serviced' from behind. There were two side views; one zoomed closer than the other, as well as an overhead view too. The last display clearly took its feed from a cleverly hidden camera as it showed the view upwards from the floor, capturing the end part of the bench and the space about a foot or so above.

"I like the full view idea," said Jenna. "But why... I mean... what are the straps for?"

"That would be the other issue to be addressed," replied Pixa. "In many of our experience rooms, restraints are used merely to enhance mood and pleasure, but, with this species, as with a few others, our patrons are required to be held almost immobile during their encounter. If, during deepest penetration by a Chibara, one of our clients were to move too violently... through fear, or even intense ecstasy, for example... it may unduly alarm the creature with... well, potentially problematic results. There have been a few cases... not ever at our establishment, mind you... but a few cases where a human and Chibara became 'locked' in a copulative state. It's reversible, of course, and not actually dangerous... but we do believe in taking precautions. Are you still comfortable with the idea?"

Jenna swallowed hard. Bondage as part of sex play was not exactly a novelty for her, but in the past it had merely been 'play'. This was serious... it was alarming... but, most of all, it was deeply exciting.

"Yes... yes, I think I am," she said. ....

***

With the preliminaries completed, including the execution of the necessary waivers, Pixa led Jenna to a transport tube where she was dropped sufficiently far that she guessed she was now two, or even three, floors below ground level. She was met at the bottom by two more Telarians, both female, who were of more normal height for their race than was Pixa. Both rose only to her waist and were delicately slender. Neither was equipped with a voice modulator and, aside from the usual purring sounds, they communicated with her communicated only by gesture. They did occasionally address one another but this was experienced by Jenna only as soft, almost inaudible chirps. There was an attractive, almost elfin quality to the two females, but there was also something in their soft, elegantly deferential manner that put Jenna in mind of diminutive, but highly practiced geishas.

The first order of business was a shower. The two little Telarians silently assisted Jenna to disrobe, removing each item of apparel in an intimately slow and deliberate way, and then each took a hand and led her to the shower chamber. Already, the quadruple shower heads were running at full stream and the little room was hot and quite steamy. There was a phenolic smell to the water and Jenna knew, from Pixa, that it contained several types of gentle solutions, each designed for two purposes; the first was to remove any microbes that might present a danger to the various species employed by the establishment and the other, more specifically for her encounter, was to remove any trace chemical agents that might interfere with the Chiraba correctly finding its intended 'target'.

Jenna stepped into center of the pulsing streams and was then taken aback to see her two diminutive guides deftly slip of their short robes and enter the chamber with her, each taking an artificial sponge from a rack on one wall. It was the very first time that Jenna had ever seen a female Telarian without clothing and she couldn't help but steal a surreptitious look at their naked figures. The breasts of each were very tiny but capped with quite large, conical pink nipples that pointed perkily upward. Their pubic mounds, each very prominent, were as smooth and hairless as their heads and the cleft at the center rose much higher than it did on human females, extending nearly to the point where the navel would normally be expected. What was most unusual about their genital structure, however, was what Jenna could only take to be a clitoris. As with a human female, it was hooded, but the length was nearly the same as Jenna's index finger, and they stood out stiffly from their fleshy cowl before narrowing to a slightly tapered point. Jenna could not help but wonder whether this stiffness might be a sign of arousal, or whether it was merely the way this particular bit of alien anatomy always appeared. It was an intriguing question, and one Jenna might otherwise have liked to have investigated, but, at that moment, the anticipation of what was shortly about to happen was more pressing on her imagination.

The shower took a good twenty minutes and the Telarians were very thorough. Every square centimeter of Jenna's skin, and every nook and crevice, was carefully dabbed and gently rubbed with the sponges in a way that was both professionally 'clinical' and, at the same time, highly sensual. Jenna was beginning to really enjoy the gently methodical caresses when all too soon, the experience was over. The water jets ceased and, in their stead, the nozzles emitted strong streams of warm air that had Jenna dried in less than a minute. Her hosts then led her from the shower room to a sealed doorway, beyond which, Jenna knew without needing to be told, lay the chamber for her encounter. Her heart suddenly thudded hard in her chest and she stopped dead. She wondered if she had overestimated her courage thus far.

Seeing Jenna's misgiving, the two little Telarians each looked at her with their gentle eyes and made a soft cooing sound. Their heads tilted in a quizzical way as if to ask... Are you sure you are ready?

A moment passed and then Jenna, swallowing hard, silently nodded. 
