 (thank you for your comments, criticism, and support. Here is some more for you. I looked it over more carefully and worked harder on detail and trying to get it to flow a bit more)

Twelve baby girls born on the same night. All of them look similar. Only one of them is heir to the throne of Imperium. Each child, eleven having been willingly sacrificed by their mothers to join the twelfth, was given to a male shape-shifting guardian, some one who could be part of it's surrounding without it knowing that it was sent to Earth for a greater purpose than to just live. Each guardian took their child to different parts of the world to raise their child. Each child would grow up to have long, raven black hair and dark blue eyes with fair white skin. None of the guardians knew who the true heir was and each guardian would have to send their child through a certain set of tests to find out who was the true heir in time to bring her back and re-awaken Imperium.

It's a tradition that started with the first queen who had twins. She wasn't sure which one should rule so she sent both away to Earth and when she died Imperium fell into a frozen state of slumber until one day, the child who should rightfully rule Imperium would return and reawaken the kingdom. At least it makes life interesting.

When I arrived on Earth the first thing I did was I found a family and I left the child I'd been given on their doorstep in a basket. If there was one thing that was certain, it was that I was not the fatherly type. Guardian, yes. Protective, yes. Father, NO! Instead, I watched over her, Alice, as the family had named her, in my guardian form, a cat. When she was old enough to go to preschool, I became a classmate. It was much to my pleasure that she took to me right away and occasionally I enjoyed childhood as I "grew up" with her. I made sure to keep with the stages, and it made it so much easier that she clung to me like glue.

Soon I realized that my protectiveness was giving off an aura that was causing others to think I was strange. I didn't mind so much though because she didn't seem to notice it, or care about it, until middle school that is. She was starting to come into her beauty at this point and was starting to hang out with other people. People who didn't like me. With their influence she was convinced that I was suddenly weird and I can't help but admit that I was slightly hurt that day she finally told me that she didn't want to be friends with me.

"Look, Luke, we can't be friends anymore. You creep me out a bit and I...I just find it awkward to be around you," she told me. I looked at the ground and clenched my jaw to fight the strange emotions that were biting at me. I was her guardian, not her friend, so this should not have hurt. In fact, I should have been relieved because in a way it made my job a bit easier. Still, when I looked back at her I had steeled my own face to keep the emotions from showing. They had no place in this relationship. Once again I was surprised by my minds reaction to the catch in her breath and the glisten of threatening tears. It gave me slight satisfaction to realize she hadn't really meant what she said. She felt bad about doing this and she would never forget this day. Though I hadn't meant for the satisfaction to be seen, she saw it and it upset her. After yelling, "Geez Luke, you're such a freak! I never want to talk to you ever again!" at me she took off.

I stayed in school, even though I could have just as easily have just stalked her as a cat. I figured it would seem strange if I suddenly disappeared just because she no longer wanted to be my friend. I noted what outcasts wore and picked up what was called a "goth" appearance. However, it still attracted others and they hung around me, even though I rarely ever spoke to them.

Though I could have easily been the number one student in grades, I kept it to top ten so as not to draw too much attention and I followed Alice into college, and I kept my eye on her. With the size of the campus and the way classes were scheduled, it was much easier than it was in high school, and it was easier to hide as an animal even though I still kept up human appearances every now and then. I found it quite entertaining that she had decided to pledge for the top sorority and I decided to show up to all of their functions whether I was invited or not, just to see these strange Earthly rituals.

At one of the functions I met a sophomore named Andrew. He seemed to be well liked around campus and everyone seemed to know him. For some strange reason, he found me to be a formidable ally and he liked to call me his friend. He drug me along to some sorority function they called hazing one night, though I didn't realize it was for the sorority Alice was pledging to until later.

"It's time to find me a fresh girlfriend," he told me jokingly. I played along and watched as the pledges were marched onto the stage, but my eyes locked on to one in particular with long, raven black hair. I felt a little nervous, but figured there was a small chance that it was Alice. When the blind folds were removed my stomach somersaulted and I felt sick. My charge was on the stage. How could this have happened? How could I have let it happen?

When the sheets were removed, I sucked in a deep breath and my heart started thundering in my chest. My eyes were glued to her and I watched the flush come to her pale cheeks. I watched her body start to tremble, and I saw something in her eyes that I never expected to see. There was lust, and desire. I felt my body harden in response and I attempted to swallow the lump in my throat as I felt as though I was in a desert without a single drop of water and she was the only one who could supply it. Reality hit me though as I watched her collapse on the stage, and I was glad that we were close to the stage. I reacted quickly, shoving through the crowd, and leaping on to the stage. I scooped her body into my arms, surprised to find that her soft body seemed to be burning up as opposed to cold which would have explained her shivering.

I was lead back to the sorority house and lead to a room by one of the head sisters. All the while, I was far too conscious of how nicely Alice's slim for fit into my arms, how soft and warm her skin was, and how beautifully she'd grown up. The sorority sister thanked me for my help and watched me with admiring eyes as I carried Alice to the bed. I took no shame in flexing a bit as I placed her down carefully.

"So are you the boyfriend?"she asked me. She was sending me small signals with her body. Whether they were purposeful or not, it was working on me and I caught on to her sly little game. Looking her over carefully, sure she didn't hold the beauty that Alice did, but then again her and Alice were from completely different worlds. Beauty was different on Earth. It was faker. Still...she was attractive in her own ways.

"No, I...I'm just a romantic, hoping to be some one's hero," I replied with a smile. She bought it and was fidgeting all night, attempting to make idle conversation while we waited for others to come and look after Alice. I felt bad about picking up a girl while Alice lay unconscious on the bed, but I couldn't help it. Despite what I thought of Alice, I was her guardian end of story. In the meantime though, I've still got needs. Needs that haven't been satisfied in years.

Once others came, Sara, the sorority girl, and I disappeared to her room and I fucked her for hours. The memory of Alice only in her underwear, and her warm body cradled in my arms, keeping me hard until I was exhausted, and Sara even more so. None-the-less, she was extremely satisfied, and I was at least content and able to finally think of Alice again in a simply platonic way.

I was happy enough like this for quite sometime and kept my distance from Alice. I even told Andrew to ask her out on a date. I thought that if he were dating her, it would make it easier for me not think of her in disgraceful ways. After a year I found out it wasn't. I was originally annoyed with how happy Andrew was with her, though I hid it well. Then he started complaining that she wasn't putting out. God I wanted to hit that boy so hard. I often had to resist the urge to tell him to break up with her so he could go get his dick wet, but at least I knew he wasn't pressuring or forcing her into it and I knew she was safe with him.

I didn't realize the full extent of my jealousy until I saw them at a party that Andrew was throwing at his house after finals. She was on his lap, chugging god knows what. I stiffened when she saw me, leaning against a wall not too far away, watching this. I got so mad when he pulled her into a deep kiss that I had to look away. The only reason I looked back was because Andrew called me over. I made nice, asking how things were going. I supposed I couldn't be too mad that she acted as though she didn't know me, after all, I had done the same not too long ago. To say I was a little bitter when she asked if I was in a frat is a bit of an understatement. Me? In a fraternity? Yeah right. But I suppose calling her a hoar ,even indirectly by insinuating that she should know all the frat boys because she slept with them, was a little over board. Especially when I know for a fact that it's not true.

I felt doubly bad when I watched her drinking herself into a drunken bliss later on. I watched in silence when Andrew put her in his room and a few minutes after Andrew left her, I walked in, planning on apologizing to her, only to find her lost inside her own shirt. With a sigh I ventured over smoothed the shirt down, glad to feel her relax. I was about to apologize when I noticed that she didn't seem to recognize me. With a quick glance around the room, I assumed it was too dark for her to be able to see very well. As she swayed drunkenly, I sighed. Even if I did apologize, she would not remember it in the morning. So instead, I helped her get her shirt off and then helped her out of her skirt and those blasted heels she took pleasure in strutting around in. I was unprepared for the repercussions of this though. As looked over her body, just as beautiful as I remembered it, it roused the hardness that I thought I'd satisfied the night she'd fainted.

"Thank you Drew," her voice was husky from the alcohol and the need sleep. My jaw clenched in jealously and I wanted nothing more than to tell her that it wasn't Drew. Instead, I pulled her against my body and wrapped my arms around her. I just had to hold her, to feel her body against mine, so warm and soft, and she smelled amazingly like spring flowers, despite the alcohol. When she whispered Andrew's name again, I fought the urge to correct her, and instead picked her up and laid her down in the bed. She looked so tempting that I could stop myself from crawling on top of her and resting lightly atop her, wanting to feel her slim form beneath me.

It was almost too much for me to bare when she snuggled against me and let out a gentle moan, but what nearly broke me was when she whispered, more like moaned my name before she fell asleep. I shudder ran through my stiff body and it took everything in me to get myself away from her. I had to get out of there before Andrew got back, or I did something stupid. So I bolted and found some drunken girl down at the party. I found a room and I used her until I couldn't even think anymore, let alone think about Alice. I woke at dawn to a strange presence in the room and I got up quickly, still naked, to see one of the other guardians. He looked at the girl, a blond, passed out sloppily on the bed, naked as well and he sighed.

"You'll never change will you, Cheshire?" he asked me, calling me by my guardian name. (Though she might not remember it, Alice had named me Luke.) I shot him a glare.

"Like you have room to talk, Pace. You were worse than I was before you found Clarice," I snapped. He put up his hands in apology. In his right hand though, pinched between his thumb and index finger, was the collar. Well, that's what it's called anyway. It looks more like a choker than a collar, but it's formally called the royal collar because it is the necklace that is passed on through the generations of queens. This was the first step to finding the true queen, and it was finally my turn.

Stepping forward I held out my hand and he dropped it in my palm. "My charge wouldn't even touch it," Pace admitted with a sigh and then he left. I wondered idly why it had taken so long to get to me but I simply shrugged it off and got to work making sure Alice would get it. I wrote her a note apologizing for my rude behavior and my lewd behavior, and I made her tea. After sneaking into the room, I placed all three objects on the night stand beside Alice and left the room as quietly as possible. I went outside and turned into a my guardian form, an orange cat. I climbed into a tree by the window I waited until she woke. Then I watched as she read the note and then surveyed the collar.

Her reaction to the fabric of the collar, an enchanted fabric from Imperium meant to feel soft to only certain people, excited me in more than one way. I watched as she put it on before I leaped out of the tree and so as not to be spotted. One done, six more to go.