 Mara stood on a cloud, high above the city. The Atlantic crashed against the shore and the winds carried a salty tang to her nose. She stood up straight as she noticed a bunch of clouds moving against the wind and coming her way. The clouds came near and she could make out the figures that rode them. Her spirit guide was on the first cloud and a dour faced elder rode each of the following. The clouds stopped just short of colliding with hers and arranged themselves in a semicircle surrounding her. Mara swallowed nervously as she looked at the elder spirits atop each of the surrounding clouds. Their faces bore grim expressions and their gazes were inscrutable. 

"The Elder spirits of your people call upon you," the otter said, "and you must answer the call." Mara drew a deep, shuddering breath of apprehension. "You are to become one with the lands of our forefathers. You are to save the group to whom you owe your life and see to it that these villains that preyed upon our people are undone."

Mara nodded her understanding. She was quite a bit nervous at the thought of killing people. The elders had demanded she do this and she couldn't think up of a way to deny them their request. She had banked her hopes on getting disqualified due to being half irish and only a quarter native. Plan A failed. She needed to come up with a way to get out of the obligation to kill people. She needed to first understand what the Elders were saying. "How do I join with the Earth Mother," she asked of her spirit guide.

In answer, her guide waved his paws at her cloud and it stopped being a solid thing under her feet. Mara fell through it faster than she could gasp in shock and fright. Once out of the cloud, she saw the ground come up towards her and her heart raced as fear took over. The wind whistled deafeningly as it rushed up past her ears. She shut her eyes firmly in denial and pain. Her breath hitched and she hyperventilated in a blind panic as her heart beat so fast she thought it would give out.

The cold air kept whooshing past her as she plummeted to the ground. She thought of her mother and how heartbroken she would be when she heard of Mara's death. Tears slid out of the corners of her eyes as she dared squint at the ground again. She could make out the details of the small park that she was plummeting towards. Her chest constricted in agony as her heart stopped working and her lungs seized up. Her face and body clenched up, for a brief moment, before going slack. The last thing she saw was the snow-covered ground rushing up to end her story.

The impact jolted her upright and she flailed her suddenly working limbs about herself. Her lungs worked and she screamed as loudly as she could. She realized with delight that her heart raced. It was working again. Her eyes recognized that she was in her dorm room bed. Mara gulped air in a blind panic and looked around, uncomprehending. Didn't she just fall to her death in a small park on the north side of town?

Julie entered her bedroom, naked from the waist down, and rushed to kneel by the side of Mara's bed, concern etched on her fine features. "Mara," she called to the brunette, "what's wrong?! Mara!"

Mara shook her head to clear it. "I'm okay," she whispered, still surprised. "I'm ok!"

"If you say so," Julie said. "What happened? You were screaming like a stuck pig!"

Mara waved off Julie's concern and said, "It was just a nightmare. I'm fine now."

Knocks were heard on their suite door and a voice asking if they're all right. "It's the R.A.," Julie said. "I'll go get rid of her."

"Yeah, thanks," said Mara. She took a deep breath to relax and was assailed by a strong whiff of pussy juice. She was momentarily confused, but then saw Julie walking out, her butt and legs completely bare. "Um, you might want to put something on."

Julie seemed to suddenly realize she had ran into Mara's room naked from the waist down. She tried to pull her tight T-shirt down to preserve her modesty, but it was too short. She blushed and flashed Mara a tight, embarrassed grin as she scampered out of her room. 

Mara sat in her bed, listening to Julie screaming at the R.A. through the door that they were fine and that she'll answer the damn door if she's given half a minute to do so. At last, the insistent knocks were replaced by muted conversation and then the R.A. barged into Mara's room to make sure Julie hadn't murdered her in her sleep. Mara flashed the woman a tight grin and apologized for causing a disturbance. The R.A. recommended a bunch of pills she could take if she felt anxious or depressed and even gave them the names of a few doctors who would be more than willing to prescribe them to her, or Julie.

Julie saw Mara's eyes roll and she put a stop to the R.A.'s impersonation of a pharmaceutical rep and ushered the still talking woman out the door. Mara groaned at the way her day started. First she had a nightmare in which her spirit guide betrayed and killed her and then she screamed so loud she alarmed half the dormitory and, apparently, interrupted Julie's early morning jilling. She huffed. On days like this, it was best to just stay in bed and lock the doors. However, she had projects due soon and she couldn't afford to slack off. Besides, she needed to come up with a way to help Jamie and she wasn't going to accomplish that by sitting still.

The morning routine in the dorm room was quiet and tense as both girls were too embarrassed to talk about the state Julie was in when she rushed to Mara's side. Mara was the first to leave the dorm room and she said, "Have a nice day!" as she left. She trudged down the stairs and hefted her book bag. She stepped out into the cold, morning air and found it to be refreshing. She looked up at the cloudy, gray sky and sighed. If it was blue, she might have thought her nightmare this morning had been an actual spirit journey. She took a deep breath and focused on her efforts to render assistance to Jamie and his girls. She had been told by her spirit guide that they would be killed soon, unless she intervened. She asked it how, when and where, but she had yet to receive an answer.

As soon as she stepped off the pavement to cross the quad, she was overwhelmed by sensations. She could feel the ants burrowing deep under the ground, the people walking across the campus, the pines and other evergreen plants swaying in the gentle breeze. "Holy fuck," she exclaimed. Her mind struggled to comprehend all that she was now feeling. She could feel every living thing in her vicinity that walked upon the earth. She had no nightmare this morning, it was a full blown spiritual journey. She was supposed to use this new perception of hers to aid Jamie and his girls. This was the how, she realized.

Mara turned her attention to the dormitory from which she came. She found that she could even feel the people inside it, if she concentrated, even though they were not in contact with the earth. She thought about Julie and suddenly felt her laying back in bed, her sweatpants pulled off again. A wet tongue was roughly licking her folds and she was squirming under its assault. Mara was momentarily confused, but then quickly felt the young man that was eating her roommate out. 

"That naughty bitch," Mara whispered to herself. Julie must have snuck a boy in last night and was now having a second round with him. Mara smiled in genuine delight at the fact that Julie, a victim of rape and mind wiping, was resuming a healthy sex life. She felt the boy roughly grope her tit and winced in sympathy. As good as it was that Julie was getting back into the saddle, Mara found her choice of bedmate regrettable. He was a good guy, made evident by the fact that he had sex with Julie the night before, spent the night and was eager for a repeat performance, yet his terrible technique and inability to pick up on Julie's cues made him a poor lover.

Mara wished the boy would touch Julie's breasts more gently and she felt him do so. She wished he'd tickle Julie's pussy with light flickers of his tongue and he did. Soon, she felt Julie get genuinely aroused. Mara got caught up in the proceedings and started to script out the boy's actions in her head. As soon as she thought back on what Jamie did to pleasure her when they had been together, the boy did it. Judging by Julie's reactions, Mara guessed he did it just right. Soon, Mara felt Julie crest towards an orgasm and then cum hard on the boy's plunging tongue.

She stood outside the dormitory and started fantasizing about her ideal fuck while paying close attention to what Julie and her lover were doing together. She was amazed that the boy seemed to do everything she imagined. He pinned Julie's hands above her head and fucked her hard, varying his rhythm, then he pulled out, turned her over and did her doggy style, while giving her clit a reacharound. Mara marveled at the boy's change in technique and approach. When she had started spying on the two of them, he was worthlessly inept, and now, Mara had felt Julie shudder through six strong orgasms.

She startled as it finally dawned on her that she was the one that was directing him and his actions. She was having sex with Julie by proxy. She gasped and looked around herself in embarrassment. No one was paying her any mind. She pulled her attention away from the coupling couple and jogged towards the library. As she struggled with her guilt and shame at having spied on her friend having sex and even intervening, she felt something. North of the campus, an otter was standing in a park. Mara could feel it, despite not having spared a thought to that side of town. She set aside her studies and roommate's sex life. Her spirit guide might have manifested in the physical world. This needed investigation.

Mara took a train towards the park and got off it less than a block away. Just as she started walking towards the otter, the presence dissipated. Mara ran towards where it was and found herself in a small park, ringed with mansion homes. She walked the park up and down, trying to find a single clue as to what was going on. Finding none, she decided she was just hallucinating and speculated it might have been a punishment for intruding on Julie's intimacy. 

As she was leaving the park, something kept nagging at the edges of her awareness. She stopped, turned around and gave the place a final once over. She was stunned to realize it was the same park in which she fell to her death in her dream. The sight of it coming up towards her limp, helpless body was forever engraved in her brain, like a map. "This must be the where," she said to herself. "I can sense and influence people, so that's the how. Now, I've only got to figure out the when."

Looking around at the homes of the rich and powerful was not going to yield any information, she decided, so she went down one of the side streets to find herself a perch from which she could observe the goings-on in the park.

"Silence," bellowed Jamie. His voice rang out in the suddenly quiet mansion. Nova and the girls immediately complied, leaving Helena as the sole source of miserable wailing. He had no inclination towards acting like a bereavement counselor. Not when a quick order could bring about the quiet he needed to think. Each human member of Jamie's group had received a second pair of films in which their parents were being tortured. They were remakes of the first tapes except that, this time, the Syndicate omitted the friendly questioning and replaced it with some light mutilation. Each envelope contained an ear and a finger that used to belong to their parents. 

Rose had been staking out the University mailroom in the hope that they could catch the second person the Syndicate charmed into delivering the packages to them. They'd save that person's life and get some intel from them. Unfortunately, the parcels with the discs and body parts were just dumped anonymously into a mailbox and delivered by regular mail. The films gave no clue as to their parents' location. They were still in nondescript rooms devoid of any natural light and external sound.

Jamie ran his hands through his salt and pepper hair. His patience was wearing thin. He had half a mind to go to D.C. and start torturing Section operatives to death until some of them finally started to investigate their parents' abductions and told them where they were. As the hours passed and Syndicate wasn't coming into his trap, he became more and more convinced that was the only course of action that would result in their parents being saved in time. He didn't particularly want to slaughter a bunch of supernatural cops, but they weren't lifting a finger to help him find his parents. He was beyond caring about collateral damage and innocent bystanders. As far as his grief stricken mind could see, everyone that wasn't actively searching for his parents was to blame.

"Jamie," Nova said, interrupting his dreams of vengeance, "Dana Moran just sent you an email." Jamie waggled his fingers and the gynoid recounted the message. "He says that six known mercenary casters, two domestic and four foreign, have been found dead on campus in the past thirty hours. Three unidentified corpses were also found, slain in the same way. He says Section brass is covering this up."

The email, despite Moran being a notorious liar, was all the excuse Jamie needed. He reasoned Section was killing Syndicate mercenaries to prevent Jamie from questioning them. He decided to go kill some people, as it was long overdue. "Pack up," he said, "we're going to D.C."

Just as Jamie exited the house, he saw them. They looked so much alike that it was immediately obvious they were related. They had vibrant, red hair of the exact same shade and their faces were opposite gendered versions of the same face. Even their bearings while standing on the sidewalk were identical. They both wore the exact same expression of surprise and sudden recognition when they saw Jamie exit the house. Their expressions, coupled with the fact that their auras were obscured, told Jamie they were hostile casters. 

The two wasted no time and cast a spell against Jamie, acting in unison. Sandra walked up behind Jamie and cast a counterspell, right alongside him. Jamie let loose one of his spirit powers and it took over the boy's aura and made him cast an incapacitation spell into the girl's. The redheads fell down. Jamie scanned the area and saw no one else suspicious, or without a discernible aura. "Get them inside," he said. Nova rushed over and picked up the man, carrying him inside with ease. Jamie hauled the woman onto his shoulder and followed the gynoid back inside.

He tossed her on the floor with a sickening thump that made her start moaning and twitching. "Get me some water," he said as he roughly removed all the jewelry from the girl. Sandra poured a glass and handed it to him. Jamie gave her a look and then took the glass to pour it out on the redhead's face. 

Her eyes slowly blinked open and she squinted up at him. "Hoo are ye," she asked. Jamie could read in her aura that she was half delirious from the spell and the recent landing on her head.

"I'm the guy that's going to torture you to death," Jamie said, matter of factly, "right alongside your kinsman."

"Ray," she asked. "Is he alright? Where are you, Ray? Ray!"

Jamie kicked the woman in the ribs so hard, her body reflexively rolled itself into a fetal position. She keened in agony for half a minute, before she passed out. Jamie kicked her over onto her back and then stood on each of her hands, digging his heels into them. He undid his zipper and took out his dick. The redhead started to stir and soon her face went from slack to scrunched up in pain. He peed on her face just as she opened her eyes and tried to get her bearings. She screamed in agony and rage as Jamie kept urinating right on her face while standing on her hands. She tried to kick him, but the sharp pains in her ribs stopped her from substantially lifting her legs.

Her eyes were shut and her lips were pressed tight while he peed on her. When he finished, she glared up at him. "Wear's me magick," she said.

Jamie stepped off of her and she immediately rolled to the side and brought her hands up to her face for inspection. Her eyes teared up from the urine and the pain. She blew cool air on her hands as it was the only thing she could do to try and lessen the pain.

Jamie gestured to Nova. "Hold him up," he said. "Is this Ray?" The redhead looked over to them and her face betrayed her panic and concern. "I take it you care about him." The girl on the floor blinked repeatedly to clear her eyes and then reluctantly nodded. "You will answer my questions truthfully and quickly, or I will have him killed in the most agonizing fashion, while you helplessly watch. Understand?"

The redhead nodded and lowered her face to the floor, unable to look at the man being held up by the Asian. Jamie said, "Punch," and Nova punched Ray in the gut so hard it knocked all the air out of his lungs and made his body convulse. His eyes shot open and he feebly struggled to get some air.

The redhead looked up at the strangled gasping and screamed. "Stop it," she begged. "Don't hurt him! Let him go!" Jamie nodded and Nova grabbed one of Ray's flailing hands and began squeezing it. Ray's face was a rictus of agony and the gynoid slowly increased the pressure on his fist. "Please! Please, don't!"

Jamie crouched by the redhead. "Every time you don't answer one of my questions," he said, "your precious Ray gets hurt. Understand," he asked pointedly.

The redhead blinked away her tears and nodded. "Yes," she said. "Yes, I understand."

Jamie nodded in satisfaction. "What's your name," he asked.

"Felicity McDonough," she said.

"What's his name?"

"Ray McDonough."

Nova confirmed that they are wanted criminals in the UK, under those names. Jamie decided to ask the redhead some obvious questions so as to calibrate the improvised polygraph Nova was administering at the moment. "Is your hair color red," he asked Felicity.

She drew up her eyebrows in confusion but quickly said, "Yes! Yes, I'm a natural redhead! We both are! This is our natural color."

"What is your relationship?"

"We're brother and sister," Felicity said, then quickly added, "Twins."

"Their pulses just spiked," Nova said. "It indicates that they might be keeping an aspect of their relationship hidden." 

Jamie nodded, having seen the same thing in Felicity's aura. "Punch," he said. Nova let go of Ray's fist, only to backhand him across the face so hard he nearly flew out of her grasp. Strands of his blood sailed through the air.

"Stop," Felicity screamed through her tears. She rolled over and tried to get up to help her brother but Jamie stood up and stepped on her back, pinning her in place, face down. "Please stop! Please, please, please, don't hurt him any more! I love him! He loves me! We love each other! We're lovers, alright? We fuck!" She stopped moving and put her face down on the floorboards as she sobbed.

Jamie stepped off of her and crouched back down. He petted her long hair, making her flinch. When she finally stopped sobbing and craned her neck to look up at him, he smiled at her. "There, there," he said. "That wasn't so hard. Was it? All you have to do is tell the truth and he'll be alright." Felicity nodded and wiped her tears. She flexed her fists. The feeling was returning to her hands. She looked over to see Ray starting to come to in Nova's grasp. "Are you with Section?"

"What," she asked. "The Americans? No. We're not with them."

"True," said Nova. "Ninety percent certainty."

"Nay tell 'em anythin'," Ray said. "Ye tell and we die!" Jamie nodded and Nova punched Ray again. This time Ray stayed conscious, but his legs gave out. His face was awash with agony as he tried desperately to get his legs to support his weight again, before the hair atop his head, by which Nova was holding him up, was uprooted.
