 Chapter Four

Lena had never been to the Earth realm, having been unsuccessful in completing her training. Still, there was something vaguely familiar about the sights and sounds that greeted her as she gawked despite Lilith's hurrying her through the smooth landscape of dried grass and barren trees. Somehow, a vision of heat and pressing crowds amid crying laments underpinning a din of derisive shouts came to her, almost halting her in her tracks. Lilith turned to look at her.

"What is it?" Lucifer's daughter asked her in a much more subdued voice than she had used previously.

Lena blinked and wondered at the Demon Queen's change of demeanor. Surely this place did not intimidate Hell's newest conqueror?

"I-I don't know, I...I had a vision...of crowds jeering a man. He was dragging something through the streets..."

Lilith's eyes widened and she looked more closely at the young succubus. "Was it a cross?"

Lena stared back at her, "How did you know?"

Lilith halted and stared back. A sinking feeling threatened to pull her already frazzled emotions out through the soles of her stylish black boots. No. She couldn't be. If she was, someone was seriously fucking with her. "Is 'Lena' your full name?"

"N-no, M-mistress..."

"Look, we can drop that bullshit, alright? You're not going to be with me long enough for it to stick, and besides, it makes me feel like a pretentious twat."

"B-but..." Lena stammered, "You...you're Lilith. Lucifer's daught-..." Lena broke off as the demon queen gave her a murderous glare.

"I'll thank you not to remind me of that. And that full name?"

"Magdalena."

"Oh, fuck me..."

"Yes, I'd say that you are pretty fucked about that," came a bright and cheerful voice from above and behind them both. Lilith whirled as Lena's eyes rounded again. They both looked up in shock at the beautiful blonde angel sitting in the tall alder tree they'd just passed. She waved down at them and then hopped down to stride fearlessly up to them. Lilith suspected who she was and her lips curved downward again in another frown when the angel spoke and confirmed her suspicions. "What are you two cunts doing in my city?" Rachel asked as if she were asking them to pick up the poop their dog had left on her lawn. Lilith's eyes narrowed and purple sparks sprang between her fingers.

"I'm bringing the replacement for the precious Chosen One you decided to flame broil." the Queen of Demons returned just as maliciously. "Not that it's any business of yours, bitch."

Rachel's eyes flared with outrage just before a deep pain passed over her features to be immediately replaced by a frown and a level stare. "I'm still paying for that mistake," she ground out evenly.

Lilith hadn't expected that admission...least of all from this angel who word had it was certifiably insane. Still...she occupied a very large seat right at the epicenter of all the recent turmoil both in Heaven and The Pit and wasn't to be taken lightly. Anyone who'd faced down Sammael and ultimately prevailed, with or without the help of both her lovers was more than formidable. That she openly challenged her, Lilith, showed the depth to which her madness extended. "I am here to meet Michael and hand her off," she indicated Lena, "and go back to my realms. I have much to consolidate."

"So, I've heard. Look, can I be frank here? You helped Lori, which in turn helped me. Another enemy has repented and found...love. She'll not lose it again. I would take back Cassandra's and Stephen's judgment in a heartbeat if I could. If you're not here to make trouble, good."

"What is with all you angels confessing things to me? How have I earned the dubious distinction of being the lucky demon-spawn you have decided to pick on?" Lilith huffed.

"Maybe we think...if we could turn Lorelei...and Lydia, hey, who knows how fucking lucky we could get?"

Lilith's eyebrows rose, then she pushed Lena forward. "See her?" Lilith nearly taunted. "Know who she is? Take a good look, I'll wait."

Rachel stared. Then her eyes shot open. "No," she mouthed. "It can't be. I know I said..."

"That's right. She is. And going back to Him. Aphrodite tried to pull a fast one on me here but obviously I'm not that stupid. You played a role. I'm playing a role. She's," Lilith spat bitterly, while clutching Lena's shoulder, "playing a role. You thought all this change was about you? Please."

"Mo-ther-fucker." Rachel muttered. "So, when's this hand-off happening? *I think I've got some questions for Mr. Archangel Michael Sir."

Chapter Five

Michael and Amelia once again marched quietly through the barren landscape that they'd been in so recently before. The Guardian who stood in Rachel's stead had notified them that the Demon Queen was back in the city of Rachel's Dominion...Jon still thought of it as that even though she was on a "leave of absence." Amelia glanced at him from time to time although he didn't outwardly acknowledge her. He knew she desired...no, he would not belittle her feelings that way, he knew she loved him and the fact that he couldn't return that love added yet more guilt to his already beleaguered conscience.

"I need a fucking vacation," he grumbled.

"Like where?" She asked quietly, then smirked. "Pluto? Alpha Centauri? Maybe the Crab Nebula? I heard it's great this time of year."

Michael turned to her and stared, stopping dead in his tracks. Finally, his face split in a grin and then he threw back his head and laughed. Amelia smiled a dazzling one herself before joining in. After the hilarity died down and it felt as though a great weight had lifted from his shoulders, he took her face in his hands and placed his forehead against hers for a moment. Pulling back, his deep blue eyes searched her even softer brown ones and he asked gently, "How do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"Make things...right again. Especially after," he gestured towards where their confrontation with Lilith had occurred, "all that?"

"I dunno. I guess I just love your insufferable ass."

"Amelia."

"Don't 'Amelia' me. I know you love her. I know now you always have. That doesn't change me." She gestured between them. "For all you've worked tirelessly to keep evil at bay, to not let the mortals pay for your mistake, to finally undo the damage that you wrought...for the task I have taken upon myself to assist you with as much as I can...I think you forget what we both know, what we both are."

She took his hands in hers. "Angels, Michael, remember? We love. We spread our love wherever there is a receptive heart. We know nothing so well as we know love. The guardians love their charges to distraction. You know all the others, despite their titles and airs are there to support that. So, we are imperfect, so, our intrigues and differences can rival those of mortals. We have much, much more time to correct those mistakes. Admittedly, yours was a doozy, but we have the time, even with the certain dashing of The Balance upon the rocks of mortal changes. Yes, I know. But we still have love. And I love you. And so...I must also love...her."

Michael blinked. "You...you would...?"

"After you walked away, I asked Lilith to give you another chance."

"You did?" Michael gawked. "But why would you..."

She cut him off, "I just told you, you lunkhead. If she lets you, don't screw up your apology this time. And for clouds sake, tell her you love her!"

"Tell who? Better not be me," came a caustic rejoinder.

They both turned to see Lilith standing there with a young-looking girl, one perhaps not yet out of her teens, appearance-wise. If she was a succubus, her charms did not revel in the physical beauty that most of her kind enjoyed, although she was pretty. She'd have a lush figure when she'd matured, that they could see. Then another young-looking person joined them with purposeful strides, her long blonde hair bouncing with each determined step. Michael pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.

"Rachel."

"I wanna know what the fuck is going on and I want to know NOW," she demanded, all the deference she'd shown Michael in a previous encounter gone.

"Perhaps I can set your mind at ease, child," came another cool voice from behind another tree before the owner stepped out and pulled her hood from her flawless features.

"H-Holy Mother?!" Rachel squeaked, falling immediately to her knees. Amelia and Michael followed suit although more slowly and bending only their right knees to the cold ground. Even Lilith stood straighter and more respectfully. Lena stepped forward and kissed Mary's cheek. "Hello, Mother Mary," she said softly.

"You KNOW her?!" Lilith gasped.

Lena turned to the demon queen. "She comes to visit me when I fail. She offers me what comfort she can in the wasteland of our realm. Aphrodite instructed me to trust her, and so I have."

"She hasn't told you who you are?" demanded Lilith.

"No," came the gentle reply from the Holiest of Women. "and if I can ask for a bit of trust from all of you, I would not, yet. My son must learn in his own time."

Lilith backed away. "No. No. NO. This is too much, you cannot ask...I can't..."

Mary followed her and stopped when Lilith's back hit another icy, solid tree. The other angels stepped closer, too, to see what Mary would do. They all knew that they witnessed something very profound in the best woman of Heaven facing directly the most powerful woman in Hell. "You said you are playing a role, Lilith, and in this I suppose you are. But you need not limit yourself to that role. The Balance will change, it has to. Remember that another word for 'balance' is 'static.' The mortals can no longer afford for 'good' and 'evil' to remain in balance. One must prevail. But that does not mean the resultant triumph will be defeat for one side or the other. Rather the two will be alloyed to make something more."

"How are you orchestrating this without knowledge of the Hosts or The Maker? You tread where even he," Lilith pointed at Michael, "dares not set foot."

"I am not under the same...set of rules the rest of you must obey..."

"H-Holy Mother? Y-you're THE Holy Mother?" Lena found her voice to ask timidly. "I-I never dreamed...wh-why am I here?"

"You will fulfill the role of The Chosen One for a year, child. I told you this before sending you with Lilith."

"But-but-but...why did YOU have to send me?"

Rachel's eyes slid back and forth like she was at a tennis match. Amelia's and Michael's gazes were no less active. The Holy Mother was somehow involved in manipulating changes she'd been a part of...had that extended to her? To Michael? Sammael? Lorelei and Alex? No, please, not that. Anything but that...

Mary turned to her. "I did not influence you directly, child. I did not need to. All that was needed was for you to be at the right place at the right time. I-I may have delayed that wretched priest's summoning spell until..."

"HOLY MOTHER!!" Rachel exclaimed in shock. "Y-You let me be captu—"

"He sought Vincent. I am sure you can see what an unmitigated disaster that would have turned out to be. Also, the demon would have been Lydia, instead."

"Oh, fuck me. But, but, well, Lydia..."

"Would not have received her own redemption had she not been exposed to the possibility of it through your actions and Lorelei's. Alex would have not turned her if he had rescued her instead of the one you both love. Lydia could never have fallen in love with either of you, let alone both. She was meant for Douglas Bridger"

Rachel fell silent. The others stared at Mother Mary in open-mouthed surprise too. Michael and Amelia felt as they had when they had first reported the loss of Cassandra to the Lord, and Mary had been there. Lilith shook her head in wonder mixed with a liberal dose of disgust. She pointed a finger at the Holy Mother, and reiterated her earlier question.

"How are you doing this without anyone," she jerked her thumb at the grey skies, "up there having a clue as to what manipulations you're orchestrating? And to think that we," her thumb pointed back at herself, "are the ones with the despicable reputations!"

"That you have those is not as it should have been." Mary glanced at Michael who flushed and turned away. "That you maintain them is...troubling but not insurmountable." She stepped forward and placed her hand over Lilith's heart as the Queen of Demons shrank back against the tree once more and blanched. "Fret not, child. I know what remains here, even buried as deeply as you have hidden it away. It will reveal itself when you are ready. After all, you are still the child of an angel."

"M-Mother Mary?" Lena started again. "I-I...please...I have to...I want...how...?"

"Lena. Do you trust me?"

"I...y-yes, Mother..."

"Then please, may I ask for it for a while longer? Go with Michael. Go to my son." A serene smile lifted the corners of Mary's mouth. "Do what you told Lilith you would do." She gestured for Lena to go with the archangels and she stepped up to them hesitantly. Amelia smiled at her and Michael let go of a relieved breath as he turned to lead them out of the park. The Holy Mother spoke again, "Amelia, one moment before you go?"

Amelia looked at Michael but he shrugged and started off with Lena in tow. Amelia turned back to the other three women. Lilith spoke up again.

"I seem to be at a distinct disadvantage."

"Lilith," Mary answered quietly as she watched Michael and her...now his, young charge depart, "none here seeks to take you to task. You did indicate you would like an explanation."

"I'm pretty sure we all would," Rachel stated rather brashly.

"Amelia and Lilith know some of the background, Rachel, Michael having admitted his part in...the way things are...to them when they last met. If I may be blunt, sometimes, thinking with their cocks does get them into very serious trouble." Rachel gaped. Amelia and Lilith both snickered. "Suffice to say that I've waited patiently for more than two thousand of the mortal years to see whether or not 'the menfolk,'" Mary threw up air-quotes with her fore and middle fingers, "were going to be able to dig their way out of this mess, but I'm afraid I cannot stand aside any longer. We," she drew a circle horizontally in the air before her to show she included them in her collective, "cannot stand aside any longer."

Rachel caught on first. "The women have to fix what they fucked up."

Lilith snorted. "Yeah, like that's a first."

Mary continued, "The mortal realm is at the cusp of being in dire circumstances. Simply put, they threaten their own existence because they will not fledge from the nest. And in threatening their existence, they threaten yours as well."

Amelia's brows furrowed, "Yours?" she asked. "Don't you mean 'ours'?"

Mary began glowing but it was not with the Light of Heaven that the angels and the demon expected. It was a nimbus of energy that surrounded her as the façade of her human form gave way to a disembodied voice that touched and tasted and felt every particle of the three supernaturals. "No, Amelia," Mary's voice intoned as it permeated her entire being. "Yours."

Mary coalesced again into the form with which they were familiar. She met their awestruck gazes each in turn, knowing that she had revealed to them a glimpse of what an ant might see, if it could register the presence of a human. "You are definitely the higher beings of this particular universe, but unfortunately you won't be able to operate under the parameters and protocols you have developed over these past centuries. The mortals have introduced too much instability into the system."

"System? You make it sound like we have been engineered..." Rachel fell into gob-smacked silence again at the look Mary gave her.

"I know you have many questions. I know I have...challenged...your deepest beliefs, and ultimately, your faith. There isn't time to answer them now, and right now most everything with a favorable outcome rests upon that young succubus' shoulders. And not even I can tell her what she must do. And neither can you. To make those choices for her," Mary favored Amelia and Lilith with a penetrating look, "might again court disaster."

Lilith shook off her utter astonishment. "Who...are you?" she asked quietly.

"I am the one who brought The Maker."

Chapter Six 

Michael regarded the young succubus who walked beside him with carefully guarded curiosity. She seemed unafraid as she took in more of the sights of this wilder part of Seattle. He almost wondered about that until he remembered her acquaintance with The Holy Mother. Of course, she would not show fear to him. He doubted she had ever learned it.

"Would you like to know more about your...your year with Our Lord?"

"The...Mother Mary has not told me much, but she did mention he is kind. That would be a given, would it not? But why does he choose one of my kind every year? Does he ...rehabilitate ...them all? I have never heard of one returning. Or do they die the permanent death?"

"They become one of us, child," Michael replied simply.

"An angel? Truly?" Lena's eyes went wide. Millions of questions wanted to burst from her, her curiosity, awe, and doubt, spurring queries that she felt might overwhelm her. Michael halted in his progress towards a small gazebo placed at the center of an open bit of space. Turning to her, he looked down with sad eyes.

"Yes, truly. I had never thought such a fate was...could be seen as something dire until your predecessor fled at the prospect. That she and her love perished as the ultimate result..." He trailed off, a distant look coming into his eyes for a moment. Shaking his head once he seemed to recover from the thought that had strayed across his mind at the mention of Cassandra. He had seen Rachel's pain at being the instrument of her demise. He fervently hoped such a fate did not await this latest charge.

"What is it like?" Lena asked with sudden curiosity. "Your kind says we are evil...stealing mortal souls for endless torment. But what fate awaits them in your realm?"

"They..." Michael paused. He knew the souls of mortals enjoyed an existence free of the worries and responsibilities of being of flesh and bone but what joys did they find in heaven? They no longer had need to sate themselves in any physical manner...touch, taste, smell, hearing, sight. They saw the denizens of the Hosts but were not able to assist or experience the power or the knowledge the angels wielded. They basked in Grace, to be sure but nearly every one opted to born amongst the mortals once again...as if they missed that fragile existence. "...They feel redeemed. They exist in Grace and do not know fear anymore. But they all long for their mortality eventually. Most go to be reborn. I-I have never thought long on this subject before," he admitted. 

"Do any get to join you?" she questioned further.

"Some. Not many." Michael smiled wryly at the young succubus, marveling a little that he felt such at ease with her. Her brow furrowed as she thought over his statements.

"So, redemption is not the Heaven that we fight against?" Lena's gaze remained open and curious. He wondered at her insight.

"No, child. Redemption is never what you fought...or tempted against. It-It's been mostly a mistaken war against the efforts made to repair a grievous mistake."

"Whose mistake?"

"Mine."

Lena's eyes grew wide. "Yours?!" She asked incredulously. Michael shook his head ruefully at the thought of regaling another of Hell's denizens with his folly, but then they reached the gazebo he'd been leading them to.

"That, Lena, will have to be a discussion for another day. Are you ready?" She blinked at him in reply and then slowly nodded. He bent and caught her under her knees and shoulders and heard her gasp as he easily lifted her. His great wide wings unfolded behind him as looked upwards and she felt the rush as his wings beat downwards and propelled them up through the clouds and through a mist that led beyond the stars. She almost closed her eyes but felt she wanted to experience everything that would come her way in this...task? Ordeal? Adventure? Yes, that is what she would regard it as until she should be shown otherwise. A grand adventure. That might be the only way she retained her sanity.
