 Prologue - Kalliya

Kalliya leaned against the open window sill, her naked, coffee brown skin pressed against the cool grey stone, long black hair tugged gently by the breeze. Behind her she could hear the sharp staccato of the demon Gaermeon's hooves on the tower's wooden floor as she moved behind her. Ahead of her, through the window, she had an amazing view of the rusty orange plains stretching northwards, shrouded by a haze of heat and blowing dust. Feeling the warmth of the demon's presence on her exposed buttocks and thighs, she spread her long, smooth legs, presenting her dripping quim, the movement making her lush, sweat beaded breasts push against the masonry of the window ledge. She felt the blunt, hot head of the demon's horse like phallus caress her pussy lips and warm, slimy pre-cum smeared against them. A low moan escaped her lips as the wide cock pushed inside her. In her mind's eye she could see the hefty, veiny, purple penis pushing into her cunt, stretching it delectably, even as she felt inch upon inch of the meaty tool slide into her.

"I do so enjoy these meetings of ours," said the Gaermeon, her husky, honey warm voice washing over Kalliya even as the hermaphroditic demon's massive cock hilted itself in the dusky magician's dripping pussy.

Kalliya could only reply with a satisfied grunt as she felt the demon's overly-ample bosom and hard, pierced nipples mash against her back.

"So what was it you wished to discuss?" enquired Gaermeon, the ess sounds spilling sibilantly from her long, forked tongue as she began to gently hump her oversized cock into Kalliya's tight, wet hole.

Panting slightly as the demon began to fuck her rhythmically, Kalliya responded, "Well, I, uh, think I, uh, may have, uh, found some, uh, clues to, uh, the loca-uh-tion of the, uh, artifact, uh, we seek."

The heat radiating from Gaermeon's skin was intoxicating, causing Kalliya to sweat heavily. When the demon lifted her heavy tits from the mage's back, the breeze coming through the window tickled deliciously across her damp skin. Kalliya felt the demon's claw fingered hands grasp her ass-cheeks, pulling them apart as she began to thrust her purple skinned cock more vigorously into Kalliya's spread pussy.

Kalliya's bountiful ass rippled with the impact of Gaermeon's hips as the demon picked up the pace of their rutting, "It's in the, uh, eastern reaches," the mage continued, "Rumour, uh, has it that, uh, there's a tribe, uh, of orcs there, uh, that worship it, uh, as some sort, uh, of religious artifact."

"Well, well," came the nectar dripping voice in reply, "we shall have to send someone after it. I presume you can put together a competent retrieval operation?"

Gaermeon's smooth, cum-heavy ballsack slapped against Kalliya's erect clit as the demon continued to plow her cock in and out of the magician's cream dripping cunny. Every time the hefty globes smacked into her pleasure button a jolt of ecstasy shivered through the properly mounted mage. Drops of sweat trickled down Kalliya's cleavage to splatter on the floor and the stone of the window sill.

"I think, uh, I can, uh, do that, uh. Do you, uh, need me, uh, here or, uh, should I, uh, go along?"

"As much as I enjoy the pleasure of your company, my dear Kalliya, I feel you should probably attend to this task yourself. We wouldn't any mistakes to be made, now would we?" The demon leaned over the mage as she spoke the final sentence, pressing her ample bosom against Kalliya's naked back once more while reaching her clawed hands around the mage to wrap her in a hot embrace. As the demon's claws caressed her skin, a momentous climax tore through her pleasure wracked body.

"Ahhh, yes mistress!" was all Kalliya could manage as she slumped down from the window to collapse face down on the floor, ass raised.

Gaermeon repositioned herself above the quivering mage's prone form, gripping her turgid shaft in a purple, clawed hand and rubbing it between Kalliya's upraised butt-cheeks. Her spade tipped tail lashed the air in pleasure. 

"Now, my dear, where would you like to receive my seed? Your cunt? Or did you want it in your scrumptious, tight, little asshole again?"

Chapter 1 - Bann

When the sun crested the valley walls and shone through the windows of the longhouse, Bann was already awake. As his fellow clan members arose and rubbed the sleep from their eyes, he was already strapping on his leather jerkin and lacing up his fur boots. He hadn't managed to get much sleep that night, his stomach churning and twisting into knots of anxiety over the day ahead of him - today was the day of the Clan Games, when the warriors would be chosen for the warbands of the summer to come, and Bann was going to be vying for a place in his first raiding party. Son of two clan thanes, both of whom had given their lives for the honour of the clan during raids in the south, Bann was anxious to prove himself worthy of their legacy. As the snows receded up the valley, chased by the spring wildflowers, he'd doubled his efforts during training and sharpened his axe 'till it gleamed. Last night, the other clans had arrived; the centaurs of Clans Running Grass and Rolling Rock and the barbarians of Clan Kolgannis had set camp just outside the palisade gates of the village of Koltar. Today the warbands would be formed and the raiding routes decided.

Bann was anxious, but he was confident. He felt good and fit - he could jog the length of the valley without pause, and had made the 10 league journey countless times over the previous year to end up gazing at the grass plains that stretched off to the southern horizon. His axe-work had improved too - he could split log in one stroke and was skilled enough to even have bested old Hemming One-Eye on two occasions. Archery was his weakest discipline, but even so he could send an arrow out to two hundred and twenty paces and hit a target reliably at fifty. As he strapped on his armour, picked up his axe and shield and grabbed his bow, Bann tried to quell his anxiety. He would be chosen. He had to be chosen.

Around the young warrior, the rest of the longhouse inhabitants were rousing from their furs to begin the day. The double doors at the end of the hall opened and in came the cook Hodvar, with a cart full of rashers of bacon and fresh bread. In the morning gloom he could see old Frida stirring the fires up with her one good arm. Here and there soft grunts and the sounds of flesh slapping flesh could be heard as some of the clan warriors had a quick fuck before breakfast. 

Thinking he might get a bit of last minute practice at the archery butts before the games began, Bann nicked a loaf of bread from Hodvar's cart by the great fire as he headed for the doors. Near the door he passed the furs where his friend Hedda slept. Strong, beautiful and blonde, Hedda was a clan spearmaiden, four years his senior and veteran of many raids already and Bann had a tremendous crush on her. This morning she was on her hands and knees, large round breasts swinging in the morning air while Jon, her shield bearer, mounted and fucked her from behind. Noticing Bann heading for the door, the blue eyed lass looked up and gave him a smile and a wink while Jon gave him a thumbs up.

'That lucky bastard', thought Bann as he stepped outside, his cock hardening under his kilt.

The archery butts were just outside the back gate to the village and Bann munched on his loaf of bread as he made his way there. After a quick stop by the fletcher to grab a quiver of arrows for his short bow, he was out the gate and standing at the fifty pace marker in front of the hay targets. With anxious flutters in his stomach and a morning hard-on to contend with, Bann's shooting was worse than usual. He grunted in frustration and tried to focus, but still his arrows flew wide. 

Concentrating as he was, he was startled when a woman's voice spoke from behind him, "You'd do better if you drew your bow with both arms instead of holding your left arm so rigid."

Turning quickly, Bann was greeted by the sight of a pale skinned, red haired centaur woman, her horse half covered with a shiny chestnut coat of fur. He was immediately struck with her beauty - gorgeous full lips, bright green eyes and the lightest dusting of freckles across her face. Her mane of red hair was tied behind her pointed ears with a leather strip, the same colour as the tight fitting leather jerkin she wore. Strapped to her back was a three yard pike and hanging from a harness where her human torso joined her equine body was a longbow and quiver.

"Uh. Okay," he replied as he sent another arrow sailing over the target, "never could really get the hang of that."

"Here, watch me," said the beautiful centaur as she strung her longbow.

The redhaired warrior pulled an arrow from her quiver, knocked it, and drew her bow as she lifted the string to her cheek, pushing out with her left arm as she turned her torso sideways to the target while drawing the bowstring back with her right arm in one fluid motion. The air thrummed when she loosed the arrow, and a few wisps of straw puffed into the air as the bulls eye was pierced by the clothyard shaft.

Bann tried to study the centaur warrior's impressive technique, but after catching Hedda's raunchy display with Jon back in the longhouse, and now facing a beautiful centaur, all he ended up doing was watching her her impressive bosom as it strained at her leather jerkin while she drew her bow and it's tempting jiggle as she loosed the arrow. It didn't help that she seemed to emanate a musky, sweet aroma that clouded his head and send blood rushing to his crotch. When he tried to follow her lead he fumbled his arrow badly, his bow string slapping the inside of his left arm to leave an angry red welt.

"You seem a little distracted," said the older woman, kindly, as he nursed his sore arm. 

Bann knew there was little hope in hiding the erection that was tenting his kilt as he mumbled through an apology.

Her laugh was rich and warm and disarming. She smiled as she looked down at the source of Bann's discomfort.

"I'm sorry little one, I should have realised my being in estrus would have such an effect on you," she paused, nibbling on a fingernail, before her eyes narrowed and a mischievous grin turned up the corners of her mouth.

"Well, seeing as it would help your practice, and seeing as I could do with a little fun, myself, maybe a quick little fuck would be fine."

Bann's eyes popped open in shock at what he was hearing.

She trotted around behind him, reaching down to slide her hands under his collar and across his pecs, "What do you say, little warrior?"

Bann was surprised, but somehow managed to fumble out an acquiescence. He'd been with a few of the village girls before, but this was a centaur! His cock grew even harder under his kilt, to the point where he thought it might fall off.

"Ha. I thought as much," she murmured gently, "We'd best get you out of that armour before you cause some damage."

As she spoke, she'd loosened the lacing at the back of her own leather jerkin. Bann was tall, just over six feet, but even so his head was barely past the centaur warrior's belly button. When she removed her armour he could feel her ample breasts pressing against the top of his head. He turned, working at the straps of his own jerkin, to face the breathtaking creature. Her stomach was muscled, abs clearly delineated. Above the, her bare breasts were full and round with very little sag thanks to the toned form of her musculature. He wasn't in bad shape either - his training regimen had given him firm pecs and rock hard abs too, and Bann watched as the older woman smiled appreciatively while she looked him over.

When he finally dropped his kilt to reveal his tumescent shaft, she smiled even wider and let out a little coo of delight. 

"Maybe not as big as our stallions, but I think that'll do just fine," she complimented him.

"Thank-you ma'am," he replied, watching as she turned slowly in front of him.

Once she was facing away from him, Bann was greeted by the shining, short fur of her haunches and the fine, chestnut red of her tail. She lowered her front legs, looking over her shoulder as she did so, leaving her buttocks at head height to Bann. Her tail flicked, wafting the heady aroma of her musk towards the human warrior.

"Now, I'm in estrus, so I can't let you use my pussy, but if you get it nice and wet, I'll let you fuck my ass. Sound good?"

Bann nodded vigorously, and was rewarded with another wave of her sweet yet earthy perfume as she lifted her tail to expose her equine pussy lips and winking asshole. The skin of her mons and butt-crack was black and had a smooth, slightly rubbery texture. As he watched fascinated, a thin string of clear, viscous cunny-juice dripped from her labia. Without thinking, Bann leaned forward, hands on her wide haunches, and licked his tongue across her pussy lips. He felt a shudder ripple through her and she let out an almost neigh-like exclamation of pleasure.

She tasted almost cloyingly sweet on his tongue, and Bann had to have more. He pressed his face against her raised cunt, sucking and licking. Her clit, almost three times bigger than a human girl's, grew erect, sliding from it's hood at his ministrations, and Bann ran his tongue over before gently kissing and sucking on it. More shudders ran through his centaur mate, and he could hear her murmuring gentle words of encouragement, urging him on before letting out a loud gasp. Her haunches quivered in delight and Bann could see her anus contract as she orgasmed. A flood of fem-lube splashed out of her equine quim, splattering Bann's tongue and across the ground.

Lapping at the centaur pussy had made more blood surge into his already iron hard erection. His cock felt so stiff and engorged it was almost painful. Knowing he had to get some relief soon or he just might die, Bann turned his attention to the female warrior's asshole, lathering it liberally with spit until it shone wetly to the same extent her dripping pussy did.

"I think I'm ready," she murmured huskily, dropping her ass down from Bann's head height as she folded her hind legs.

Bann was more than ready, and took his rampant erection in hand, pressing the swollen head of his cock against her sphincter. He may have been with a few of the village girls, but had never had anal sex before and now here he was, about to slide his raging cock into exquisite centaur ass. 

Pushing forward with his cock, Bann could feel the centaur's sphincter resist briefly before he felt her flex her haunches and suddenly the head of his penis popped into her anal passage. Her asshole felt like a warm, buttery vice around his dick and once more he felt her flex her haunches, causing the muscles of her ass to contract around his shaft like his cock was being milked. A flood of bliss washed over him, forcing him to pause his pushing and stand still, wracked with pleasure, mouth hanging open and cock half inside the centaur's ass.

"C'mon little one, you can start moving. We can't be here all day. Some people have important things to do today!"

Roused from his reverie, Bann, grinned back at the centaur as she gazed over her shoulder at him. "You feel amazing!" he spurted out.

"I know," she replied, smiling back, "but this was supposed to be a quickie, so hurry up and fuck my ass!"

Needing no further encouragement, Bann pushed his cock further into her slick asshole until he felt his balls press against her pussy-lips. Then he slowly pulled back, looking down as he did so to see his dick pull slowly out of the centaur's anus. A thick string of girl cream stretched from her wet pussy lips to his swinging balls. Remembering this was supposed to be a quickie, Bann thrust forward again before realizing he might be going too fast for his centaur mate.

"I'm sorry! Are you okay? I should be more gentle!" he exclaimed.

"Don't worry, little warrior, I can take it. Don't be afraid to go as hard as you like," came the even-toned reply.

Bann began pumping his cock in and out of the centaur's wonderful ass enthusiastically. With every inward thrust he felt his balls slap against her dripping cunt lips. His fingers were splayed for purchase on her shiny chestnut haunches, his legs spread wide to give him proper leverage as he found his rhythm. Soon, he could hear soft grunts and moans coming from the woman he was mounting and beads of sweat broke out on his forehead. 

Leaning forward, Bann draped himself across the centaur's hindquarters, bracing himself as he pistoned his cock in and out of her buttery asshole. As he did so he caught her beautiful visage looking back at him, eyes half closed in a lusty gaze.

"Oh, little one, oh! Keep fucking me... like that and you... just might make... me cum again!"

"I don't know how much longer I can last, ma'am!" came Bann's strained reply. 

The strong muscles in the centaur's ass were clenching and releasing rhythmically along the length of his prick, and the boy could feel his orgasm building.

"Oh yes! Almost there! A little longer!"

"I... thought... you... said... this... had... to... be... quick!" replied Bann, his words punctuated with frantic thrusts.

"Oh here I CUMMMM!" came the response, and Bann felt another gush of girl juice splash against his swinging balls.

"Ma'am... I'm... going... to... cum... soon... too..." the words stumbled out of Bann's mouth as he prepared to pull his cock out of the blissfully warm, tight ass it was thrusting into.

Panting heavily, the centaur looked back at the little warrior happily humping away on her arse, "It's okay, little one, shoot your cum in my ass. Go on, let it all out. Don't hold back."

Her husky voice and lewd words pushed Bann over the edge, and before he knew it his cock was spasming inside the tight confines of the centaur's asshole, spraying what felt like a gallon of sloppy cum into her bowels. As he lay, cheek and chest pressed against the silky fur of her back, Bann's pelvis kept thrusting while his ejaculating cock spurted its seed into her until his overwhelming orgasm finally petered out.

"Gods, that was incredible," he mumbled exhaustedly as he raised himself off her back. As he pulled his spent cock from her sphincter, a torrent of pearly white jizz oozed out, trickling in globs to the ground.

The obviously satisfied centaur rose, somewhat unsteadily, "That, my little warrior, was just what this centaur needed."

An epiphany knocked somewhat sheepishly on the door of Bann's brain, "I just realized, ma'am, I don't know your name! My name's Bann."

"Ah, Bann, a pleasure to make your acquaintance," replied the centaur, still somewhat unsteady on her hooves and with a small river of semen trickling down her leg, "My name is Queen Lisbet Running Grass, but I think at this point you can just call me Liz."