 Chapter 3 - Dayna

The cluster of candles on her desk flickered, disturbed by a cold breeze blowing through her west facing window. The elven mage stopped reading to get up and draw the window's shutters closed. Typical among elven kind, Dayna stood just over six feet tall. She was clad in a grey tunic, cinched around the waist with a silvered chain belt. A pair of dark blue hose were tucked into her black calfskin boots - she was wearing her comfortable traveling clothes rather than the usual university robe. Her wavy auburn hair was tied behind her in a ponytail to keep it out of her eyes. Shutters closed, the tall mage returned to the text she had been roused from. Her grey-green eyes flitted from line to line, her lips pursed in concentration.

The cover of the book in her hands read 'Forbisher's Bestiary of the Outer Hells'. Dayna was a demonologist at the University of Drasich and tonight she was on the cusp of an academic breakthrough. Recent observations of the Demonic realms known colloquially as the Hells had posited that a significant power struggle was underway. Ruled by a cabal of powerful demon lords from their strongholds in the Inner Realms, the Hells were continually embroiled in a low intensity civil war as demons who grew in power politicked and vied for positions of authority. Despite this, the most powerful demon lords, known as Demon Princes, had held on to their positions at the top of the hierarchy for almost a millenia and up until recently the infernal game had been the domain of the lesser lords attempting to secure a position slightly higher up the food chain.

Signs indicated the situation was changing, however. Summoners had found their conjured demons had shifted allegiances. Lords of Hell who had once been subservient to a specific Prince or Duke now claimed free-agent status or had switched loyalties entirely. For Dayna, this shift had become the subject of her post-graduate thesis and this night she was finalizing her preparations for a trip into one of the outer realms.

Her objective was the realm of a Duke of Hell named Habernalle. She had met the Duke a few times prior, accompanying her tutor on trips through portal gates on fact finding and reagent gathering journeys. Each time one travelled the outer realms there were countless preparations to be made, and this time, her first solo trip, was no different. Wards had to be crafted, spells memorized and charms acquired. Even with the appropriate protections, to gain an audience with a demon lord required a trade, and Dayna had spent a small fortune getting her hands on a few artifacts of power to offer for the information she required.

As she sat at her desk jotting down a few final notes in her journal, her familiar scurried about, packing a small handcart with the various luggage and supplies needed for the journey. Gomp was a two and a half foot tall imp with dark red skin, tiny, leathery wings, nubby, inch long horns, a spade tipped tail and a propensity for sniffing the contents of Dayna's laundry basket when he thought she wasn't looking. She had summoned the depraved creature in her first year at the university and had bound him to her with a small diamond shaped tattoo on the lower left side of her neck. Being bound to a mage was an annoyance to demon-kind, but could only happen if the mage responsible was significantly more powerful than the demon. Furthermore, the demon's free will was not limited except for a restriction on harming their summoner and the ability for the mage to warp the creature to their side at will. The result, for Dayna, was having command over a small bundle of leering, consistently lewd trouble. Between his refusal to wear clothes, his habit of smelling her underwear and groping her whenever he thought he could get away with it and trying to steal things from her fellow students, faculty and anyone who happened to be within range, the elven mage found the foul mouthed imp to be almost more trouble than he was worth. Still, the diminutive, horny creature had helped her out of a few tight spots (often in exchange for favours the elf would rather not talk about), and his few innate magical abilities came in rather useful for some of the more complex spells she had attempted.

"Alright boss. We're good to go," said Gomp as he pulled the supply laden cart to the edge of the portal circle etched into the ground in the centre of Dayna's study. "How 'bout dat reward you promised me?"

Dayna turned in her chair to see the imp rubbing his semi-erect cock while grinning lasciviously at her. "Fine," she replied, turning back to the bestiary lying open on her desk, "but only a couple of minutes while I finish my reading and my shirt stays on."

The imp chortled with glee as he scurried over to Dayna's desk. "Dis is gonna be good!" he said as he clambered into her lap, his faintly sulfuric odour filling her nose and his demonic heat radiating through her trousers and warming the skin where he perched on her thighs.

The randy familiar flashed his pointed teeth in a lusty grin as he reached up with both hands to grope Dayna's pert breasts, his small, clawed hands not quite able to fully envelop even her modest bosom. The elven mage tried ignore the frenzied efforts of the lust-driven imp, but couldn't help glancing down from her book as he delivered a sharp pinch to each of her nipples, causing them to strain against the fabric of her tunic. The red skinned creature's cock had swollen to a foot in length and Dayna could see clear, musky smelling pre-cum oozing from its engorged head.

"Off!" she shouted, tilting her legs to deposit Gomp unceremoniously onto the floor. "I don't want that nasty stuff on my clothes!"

The imp grumbled as he picked himself up off the floor and shuffled around behind her chair, managing to look dejected even as his foot long erection bobbed along in front of him. "Fine, but I still get to play with dem titties while I jerk!" he said petulantly as he reached back around to squeeze her left breast with one hand once he was behind her.

Dayna sighed. "Whatever. I just better not find any of your disgusting jizz on my clothes when you're done. And you're cleaning it off the floor before we leave."

"Yes ma'am," said the imp, underscoring the last word with another firm pinch of Dayna's nipple.

A few minutes later, Dayna stood in the centre of the portal circle, staff in hand, satchel over her shoulder and a fine, long dagger tucked into her boot. She'd checked the cart properly and had encased it in a basic protective ward - good enough to keep anyone not looking for it from noticing it was even there. Now she waited for Gomp as the tiny demon scrubbed the floor behind her chair with a soapy sponge. Once he was finished, he walked over to stand between the handles of the small cart and dragged it into the circle.

As Dayna began the portal incantation, her sewer-tongued familiar looked up at her and said "Dem boobies aren't very big, but I still shoulda asked for a tittyfu-"

And then everything went black.

Traveling by portal is a disorienting experience, but Dayna was used to it. She was more worried about what might lie on the other side. If her calculations were off, she might end up embedded in a mountain, or transported to a realm where air doesn't exist or, in the worst case, adrift in the void. She'd brought along spells to create a pocket of breathable air or a floating platform among various other helpful spells and thought she was well prepared, but when she and Gomp rematerialized what she really wished she'd done is put on her cloak before they left.

It was raining. Judging by the bleak, black, blue and purple rocks surrounding them and the twisted, leafless trees she could see in the distance, Dayna had gotten the location right. This was definitely Duke Habernalle's realm. Despite the accuracy of her portal, however, Dayna wasn't happy. The reason for her unhappiness was the translucent, thick, viscous slime that was pouring torrentially from the deep black clouds that covered the sky. It fell in fat, heavy drops and by the time she'd retrieved her dark grey waterproof cloak from the handcart Gomp was dragging, her hair was matted and her clothes clung soggily to her skin. She wiped away a goopy strand of the stuff as it dripped in a long string from her earlobe and quickly pulled her hood up.

Gomp, red skin shining wetly with the goo rain, was lying in a laughing, twitching heap between the handles of the cart. "Ha! And you said you didn't want any of my sticky stuff on your clothes! Dat's some fucking rich irony!" he sputtered out between guffaws of mirth.

"Shut up and follow me," said Dayna as she felt another strand of the slime trickle under her tunic collar and begin oozing its way down her cleavage. "What the fuck is this shit?" she asked no-one in particular.

Habernalle was a Duke of Hell, a powerful entity (although not quite on par with a Prince of Hell), and his realm was suitably expansive. He'd gotten his power the same way every demon gained power; through the acquisition of souls. There was only one way a demon could acquire a soul. Some cultures, Dayna knew, counted various manners in which a soul could be lost - various sins like murder or theft tended to rank among them, but it all really boiled down to one thing; desire. If you wanted something badly enough and a demon could offer it, you were in trouble. Vengeance, sex, wealth, power, or simply for the pain to end - there were many wants, many avenues for a demon to get to you, but they all revolved around that central tenet of desire.

Dayna was pondering on the nature of demons and focusing on maintaining her wards as she and Gomp trudged down the scree covered hillside where they'd materialized and on towards the leafless forest. The elf knew where she was going, having been to Habernalle's realm before and so wasn't paying too much attention to the passing scenery as they entered the woods.

"Perhaps you require a guide, fair creature?" said a melodious baritone voice.

Dayna was startled, but tried to hide it as she looked around at the trees for the source of the voice.

"Raise your eyes, sweet lass," said an equally musical although higher pitched voice.

Peering upwards while trying to keep the slime rain out of her eyes, the elven mage saw two demons, an incubus and a succubus by the looks of them, sitting on a thick branch that hung above the forest path. Both had completely black skin and were totally hairless. Their nude forms were covered by the gooey rain, but instead of making them bedraggled as Dayna was sure she looked, the transparent slime made them shine, the faint light of the realm reflecting brightly off their midnight skin, etching outlines of chiseled muscles and rounded curves.

The baritone voice belonged to a lean, muscled demon, his well defined abs and slab-like pecs rippling, bunching and stretching as he hopped down from his perch. The immense, black feathered wings on his back spread to slow his descent as he neared the ground and then folded up neatly behind him as he came to stand before Dayna. The mage couldn't help but notice the smooth, hefty penis that hung flaccid between his toned thighs. Landing next to him was a form that could have been his female twin - equally well muscled, but with large, round breasts high on her chest that jiggled slightly as she landed, an hourglass waist and smooth mons instead of a cock. Neither had a single strand of hair on their statuesque bodies, and both had fine featured, noble faces. Their eyes glowed a deep russet orange, their gaze was piercing.

"I know the way, thank you," said Dayna, politely trying not to stare at the chiseled incubus.

"Damn! You got nice titties!" said Gomp as he lewdly gawked at the lush succubus.

The pair let out a rich, warm peal of laughter.

"Where are you bound?" asked the woman.

"I seek an audience with Habernalle," replied Dayna, starting to walk around the two demons.

"Truly?" said the incubus, "You have a long journey ahead, you should rest a while with my sister Keira and me before you continue on your way."

"My brother Keiran and I can be very pleasant company," said the succubus.

"I'm sure," murmured Dayna, "but I really must get moving. I'm afraid I won't be such charming company."

The two demons spread their wings once more and flapped them in a short, controlled motion that kept them upright and flying backwards, just ahead of Dayna as she walked along the path.

"It's such a long way to Habernalle's throne. Perhaps I could carry you?" said the very masculine Keiran.

Keira fluttered in front of her brother and turned towards him. She traced her fingers across his glistening pecs as she looked over her shoulder back at Dayna, "He's so strong. I'm sure he can carry you easily, and flying is so much faster and more fun than boring old walking."

"Thank you, again, but no thanks," said Dayna.

"Hey, sugar tits, you can carry me!" said Gomp.

While they laughed at the imp's lewd interjection, Keira folded her wings in and Keiran reached his arm around her waist. The incubus kept the demonic pair aloft with strong beats of his wings while holding his sister against him with one arm. The succubus stretched her right arm over his shoulders, behind his neck, pressing her large right breast, shiny with the slime raining from the sky, against the left side of her brother's chest.

Pouting, she looked at her brother, then back at Dayna and said, "It seems the elf is boring and doesn't want to play, brother dearest."

"It matters not, sister mine, mayhap we can amuse ourselves while we watch this boring elf get into trouble," said Keiran before before leaning in to bite his sister's earlobe gently.

Keira moaned loudly, a rich, throaty sound, as her brother nibbled her ear and she turned her head to kiss him deeply. As she did so, she stopped tracing her fingers over the incubus' impressive pecs and slowly moved her left hand downwards, grazing her nails over his washboard abs until her hand came to the base of her brother's cock. Delicately, the succubus ran her fingertips along the length of Keiran's penis. Dayna could see it twitch under her caress as blood pumped into it and the weighty tool grew erect. The mage's quim tingled as a tickle of arousal grew within her.

"Fuck yes!" said Gomp, "I think we're gonna get a show!"

Dayna's familiar openly started stroking himself, coiling his spaded tail around the handle where his hand used to be so he could keep dragging the cart as he masturbated.

"This rain makes a fucking fine lube, boss," said the horny imp, left hand pumping his shaft, eyes glued to the scene the two hovering demons were making.

"Mmmmm, it does, doesn't it," moaned Keira, as she wrapped her fingers around Keiran's cock and began working it to full hardness with short tugs of her hand.

Under the skillful ministrations of his sister's hand, the male demon's hefty penis was soon tumescent, swelling up to a truly immense size. Dayna felt a hot flush creep across her body, despite the steady beating of the cool, slimy rain. Her right hand was holding her staff as she walked, but hidden under her cloak her left hand migrated up under the fringe of her tunic and then down under the waistband of her hose until she found the warm dampness of her aroused pussy. Slowly she brushed her fingers across her labia and tried not to moan.

Once the the incubus' meaty phallus was properly stiff, the rain greased succubus turned in his arms to wrap her legs around his hips. Keiran slipped his arms under her raised legs to grip her ass, a large round cheek in each hand, as he lifted her up and pressed his sister's nude body to his chest. With one arm wrapped around her brother's neck, Keira reached down with the other to grasp his cock once more and guide it into her needy pussy as he lowered her onto it.

As the turgid, slick member slowly entered her, the succubus let out a low, breathy moan and whispered, "Oh, sweet brother mine!"

From her vantage point trailing behind and below the copulating pair, Dayna could see the succubus' labia stretched wide as her brother's engorged organ slid into it. The elven mage's clit grew hard she watched the incubus languidly begin to thrust his hips upwards between his sister's spread thighs, the impacts causing the female demon's glorious buttocks to ripple and shake. Both demons were covered in the slimy rain, their pitch black skin was oily with the strange precipitation, and it dripped off the mating siblings in long ropey strands.

Keiran beat his wings slowly, just fast enough to keep ahead of Dayna as she made her way through the forest. Both he and his sister looked down at the elf with their glowing orange eyes as their skin slapped wetly together to the rhythm of their passionate rutting.

"Do you think she's wishing she'd chosen to join us, dear sister?" said Keiran as he began to pick up the pace of his thrusts, his balls swinging heavily beneath his sister's spread asscheeks.

Keira arched her back, thrusting her heaving bosom into her brother's face, all the while maintaining eye contact with the elven mage below her.

"I think I see some envy in those eyes, my love," replied the succubus as she mashed her oily, voluptuous form against her brother's corded muscles.

Dayna was both envious and frustrated. The wanton display above her was driving her wild with lust and she knew she wouldn't be able to get off from surreptitiously frigging herself beneath her cloak as she walked. Trying to take her mind off the lewd scene, she glanced around at her surroundings, her eyes quickly skipping over the sight of Gomp pulling the cart beside her, stroking his oversized, lube slicked appendage while lustily watching the two fornicating demons above him. The trees around them were thinning out, and Dayna figured they were nearing the edge of the woods. If she recalled correctly they'd have to cross a stretch of open plain before they reached the gates of Habernalle's bastion.

Sure enough, the leafless forest soon gave way to an open plain that rolled off into the dark grey fog that shrouded the distant horizon. The gently undulating landscape was covered with a carpet of strange dark red grass with blades about two feet in length. Looming far ahead of the strange party was a massive, craggy fortress. Dayna estimated it was about four hours away and wondered if she would be escorted the whole distance by the vigorously mating demon siblings. The overripe aura of lust they exuded was getting to her and the mage worried that she'd have to stop and finger herself to orgasm before much longer and she definitely didn't want to do that in front of the two demons.

Beside her, Gomp grunted loudly as he jerked himself to orgasm. His fountain of ejaculate elicited a debaucherous coo from Keira followed by another peal of rich laughter from the demon couple as they slowly circled as they fucked, just above the heads of the two travellers on foot. The incubus kept pumping his cock in and out of his sister's dripping quim as they lazily flew through the air like a pair of pornographic vultures.

Hours passed and the imposing bastion in the distance grew larger as the party drew closer to it. The elf fought to keep the burning desire inside her under control. Dayna's hope that her rutting demon escort would grow bored and leave them remained unfulfilled. The incubus' stamina was supernatural, of course, and the siblings kept pace, languidly fucking each other as they hovered just above the elf and the imp. The horny little Gomp clearly loved the show the two demons were putting on and happily masturbated again and again, spilling his ejaculate on the slate slabs that paved their path towards the castle. It was only when the guards at the gate monolithic gatehouse to the Duke of Hell's keep became clearly visible that the airborne sex addicts seemed to decide it was time to finish up.
