  Chronicles of Drodge Mallea

First Chronicle 

Drodge awoke feeling fuzzy headed and stiff. Actually, "awoke" wasn't quite right -- "came to was more like it.

She sat up in the lavishly furnished boudoir, stretching her athletic 6-foot frame as she did. Running a hand though her short, thick copper locks, she slipped out of the bed, suddenly remembering that she wasn't alone. She'd deal with her overnight companion shortly, but caffeine and a shower took priority for now.

She spent an extra long time in the shower this morning, massaging her tanned, aching muscles and taking time to evaluate her physique. For a muscular woman, she still had curves supple enough to turn heads when she wanted to. Her firm D cups topped off a body that made men drool and women...well, she had no trouble impressing them either, as her overnight guest could attest to.

It hadn't always been that easy for her, though. Then again, she wasn't always a "she..."

***********

The woman known -- to those who knew her at all -- as Drodge had started life far differently. Different looks, different tastes, different gender. It was only when she was given the "gift" that life as she now knew it began. Of course, for all of its benefits, the gift was more of a curse at first, before she (or he, depending on the moment) learned how to control it.

These days, Drodge didn't really think of herself as male or female, though she maintained female form more often than not...assuming you counted shemale as "female." The fact that she was a shapeshifter meant she could indulge every sexual fantasy a person could have, and she had lots. Besides, she joked to herself at times, as a shemale she could have the best of both world's -- going "lesbian" while still being able to fuck sweet young things silly, making them scream for more all night long. Their eager and willing natures were not just the result of Drodge's incredible physique and sultry looks (though that was a big part of it). The second part of the gift left her able to seduce anyone at will, turning them into drooling, compliant fucktoys on a whim.

The third and final part of the gift, now that was a double-edged sword. When the stranger bestowed the gift on her, when "she" was an awkward teen, he gave Drodge an inexhaustible sexual stamina and the ability to cum over and over again without end, in any form Drodge chose. Unfortunately, this "ability" carried with it an insatiable lust that drove her to feed at times, almost like a sexual vampire at times. She had gotten into more than one difficult spot because of this hyperdrive...

***********

"Bran, are you listening to me?"

The soft voice snapped Drodge -- "Bran" or Brandon in earlier days -- out of his lust-induced fog. It had been two days since the strange man outside the mall had accosted Bran, telling him that he was about to receive "a gift as powerful as one given to the gods of the past." The encounter unnerved young Bran, who was never very good with people anyway, especially those he didn't know. Bran got away from the stranger -- and his creepy gaze -- as quickly as he could without causing a scene. He spent most of the bus ride home eagerly awaiting the departure of the creepy feeling the run-in had left him with.

Ever since the encounter, though, he couldn't shake a strange feeling. The unease he felt had dissipated, but it was replaced with a feeling that Bran couldn't dislodge. The tall, gangly, freckle-faced teen with unruly hair and stooped shoulders felt a strange sensation building in both his mind and body. At first, he wrote it off to typical teen angst coupled with his raging teen hormones. But as it wore on and intensified, he started to realize something strange was happening. When he went to bed the night before, he wondered if he was getting sick.

"Great," the introverted teen groused to himself. "Getting sick right before Spring break. When is my body ever going to start working for me instead of against me?" Despite having most of the fundamental physical traits a teen boy would want -- he was tall, broad-shouldered and thin -- he lacked definition and had standard teen problems like acne and perpetually bad hair. Add those to a nearly nonexistent self-esteem, and the resulting self-image left Bran thinking of himself as an oversized geek. 

He fell asleep, after a typically unsatisfying round of pre-sleep masturbation, with yearnings of a time when he could have a body that "worked for him."

He awoke with a start, the first of many starts that he was in for that fateful day. He threw on a robe as he got up and walked out his bedroom to the bathroom, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. As he sat on the toilet relieving himself, he realized that he didn't feel normal. In fact, he felt better than normal. He felt energetic and vital, two feelings typically foreign to him, especially at that hour. As he stood up and walked to the mirror, he noticed that he looked better than usual. His skin was clear and his teeth looked like they came out of a toothpaste ad, not the usual dingy grayish-white he normally displayed.

His body was even more intriguing to him. Rather than the rather nondescript physique he often grimaced at in the mirror, his form today had an unusually toned looked to it. His arms looked lean and hard, his pecs well-defined albeit smallish for his large frame, and his stomach was flat and taut. Bran was stunned at first, thinking he was still half asleep. He was about to dismiss this appearance as a trick of the light until the robe parted slightly and he got his second start of the day. 

His relatively unremarkable shaft looked as if it had lengthened to its erect length...only it wasn't erect. "What the fuck?" he wondered, as he gaped at his mysteriously lengthened penis. How was this possible? He had heard about people his age having surprisingly quick growth spurts...but this much overnight. He would have stayed there for an hour gaping at his suddenly acceptable appearance, if not for his kid sister Ali calling to him that they were late for school.

School went by in a blur, such was Bran's mental state. The day's surreal nature was made more so by several strange coincidences that Bran noted. Like French 1301, where he sat in his usual state of lust staring at Ms. Herman and her gorgeous mounds, straining against her too small blouse. He was thinking about how he'd kill to have her think of him as attractive, when she suddenly turned to look at him. Without breaking stride in her sentence, her eyes locked with his and gave him what seemed to be a subtle but distinctive look of...well, lust, really. After a few seconds, she looked away, leaving Bran taken aback and wondering how that could have happened. To make it stranger, 30 minutes later, she discretely undid her top blouse button...right as Bran wished she would!

He struggled to make sense of it, to no avail. Luckily, the day's bizarre happenings made it go by quickly and before he knew it, he was out behind his house, sitting by the pool. He didn't realize Ali had joined him and was speaking to him, such was the fog he seemed to be in.

"Bran, are you listening to me?"

He looked up and felt his pulse quicken at the sight of his sister. Ali had undergone a great deal of physical changes of late as well (though not with the speed of Bran's inexplicable transformation). Her petite frame, while still slender and lithe, had noticeably curved in all the right places. Her smallish B cups were perfectly shaped, and her gluts had puffed out into a perfect mini-bubble butt. Her flat stomach and tan skin accentuated her allure, but not as much as her angelic face. Her full lips and doe eyes were framed by straight blonde locks that shimmered against her tan shoulders and all the way down her back. 

Bran had long had a maelstrom of feelings for his younger sibling, some honorable and others...well, the fact that she had blossomed into a breathtaking little nymph, coupled with the fact that he genuinely liked his sister as a person, made her irresistible to Bran. Though he'd never acted on it, he'd been madly in love with her for some time now.

"Sorry Al -- caught me daydreaming," he smiled. "What's up?"

"I was just asking if I can lay out with you, or will it bother you."

He smiled again. "Well, yes, it's a terrible burden having a robobabe in a bikini sit by me at the pool, but I'll try to struggle along."

What?!?! He never spoke that way to anyone, least of all his virginal sister. She was cool and all, and 18 now, but still, she was his little sister -- key word being "little." To complicate matters, her reaction only egged him on. She grinned adorably and blushed, mumbling "Oh, stop" as she stepped over him to the lounge. The barely there bikini she had on shifted as she did, giving Bran an up-close view of her perfect left ass cheek as she passed. His unusually large shaft stirred as she passed, a result of the visual coupled with the incredible way she always smelled.

"Hey, you're going to have to get used to compliments like that -- you look more like Mom every day," Bran said as she settled. Her head flew around, a surprised look on her face. "Really? You think so?" Bran nodded sincerely, changing Ali's blush to a look of adoration. "Aww, you're the best Bran. I love you to death, bro," she exclaimed, leaning over to hug him tight around the neck. As she did, she ground her perky breasts and hardened nipples inadvertently (???) into his bare chest. His cock stirred more, making Bran worry it would start to show against his trunks. He shifted a bit to keep it in control.

"By the way, speaking of looks, what's with you today?," she asked, settling back into her lounge, her taut teen frame glistening in the soft afternoon sun. In response to his quizzical look, she added," You been working out? You look...well, kinda buff." Her shy way of saying it made him realize she was being sincere.

"Ahh, you're always telling me that I look better than I think I do," he said nervously, not aware that the changes he noticed earlier had continued to progress, now to the point that others noticed.

"Yeah, but you really do look great today," she explained. "Looks like my big bro is filling out. See -- I told you that you would end up being a hottie. Looks like I'm not the only one who will have to get used to compliments. If you weren't my brother..." She trailed off suggestively.

Bran beamed at her, realizing that at this moment, he was absolutely head over heels about her. Of course, he realized later that his newfound gift was likely plying its craft at that point, making his sister more susceptible to his newfound appeal. On top of that, he felt his desire for Ali spiking crazily. It got so hot for him that he realized he had to move before his cock made a tent for all to see.

"Let's take a dip," he shouted, jumping from the lounge to the sunken pool with unusual ease and grace.

Ali followed in after him, and a typical sibling splash fight/water wrestling match ensued. In spite of its lighthearted nature, and the fact that they were laughing hysterically by the end, it didn't mitigate the sexual tension crackling in the air. In fact, it added to it. It was only when Bran grabbed her in a bear hug from behind that his now immense erection became obvious to them both. As he pulled her tight to him, both of their bodies wracked with spasms of laughter, his shaft lodged firmly between the bottom edge of her glorious ass cheeks. For a nanosecond they both froze.

"Oh jeez Ali, I'm sorry -- really, I didn't realize...ahh, I..." Bran was apologetic to the point of being apoplectic.

Though taken aback at first, Ali quickly composed herself. For her age, she had surprising poise. With a wry smile more befitting an older woman, she looked seductively at him and said, "Wow, I guess you really meant those compliments, huh?"

As he stared at her in mute shocked, she broke into a light laugh and said, "It's OK, bro. Teen hormones know no bounds I guess." To seal her words, she gave him a light peck on the cheek and a hug. And then she said the last thing he expected: "Besides, what makes you think you're the only one getting...stimulated?"

Before he could respond, she broke contact, glided to the side of the pool, and leapt out in one fluid motion. Her fairy-like body was a sight, dripping water as her microkini clung to her nubile frame. Her nipples were protruding obscenely and her bottoms rode up to a point of invisibility. She instinctively reached to adjust the bottoms, but stopped midmotion and -- looking back blatantly at Bran -- left them alone as she strode off. 

"I'm gonna shower before we heat up dinner, k?," she asked, walking off without waiting for a reply.

Bran stood in chest-high water in stunned silence. Had his baby sister just come on to him, after admitting she was "wet" in more way than one? After a minute, he snapped himself out of it, heading in to shower himself and eating. Little did he realize that the menu for the evening would not be what he was planning earlier that day.

***********

Drodge stood at the bedside, staring at her guest's nude form lying above the bed sheets. The sleeping beauty's tight, athletic body and soft blonde hair reminded Drodge of her first true love. That was likely what attracted Drodge to her the night before at the club. As she remembered the details of their all-night fuckathon -- she changed forms three time and fucked this little sprite every way possible before they collapsed on each other, her massive she-cock having just spewed her fifth (or was it sixth?) load into her -- she was befuddled by one thing...

What was the girl's name?

***********

Bran stood under the hot water, desperately stroking his newly impressive shaft. He yearned for release, thinking all the while about Ali and how much he wanted to devour her in every way possible. Partly out of animal lust, partly genuine love, partly the amazing fact that she suddenly seemed to want the same thing -- the all melded in his mind to make his now-muscular body taut with desire.

Little did he know that a few minutes earlier, Ali had all but ripped off her swim attire and dove into her own shower, where she began to use detachable shower head and its massage function for all it was worth. It was a practice she had only recently begun, and before today, she had never done so with the reckless abandon she displayed now. She vacantly thought that she may have left her door unlocked...and then dismissed the idea, partly not caring and partly hoping she had.

From the second Bran's massive shaft wedged into her in the pool, her young mind raced. As she manipulated the water to bring her closer and closer to climax, she thought of how badly wanted a cock in her. A big cock. Bran's cock. The thought of how wrong it was excited her all the more. As she continued, she visualized his pulling out and spewing his load in her mouth, and the image pushed her over the edge. Her tiny body wracked in climax. She tried to stifle a loud cry, instead moaning an gasping like an animal in heat. Her body was hit with wave after wave until she lay in the bottom of the tub, quivering in a post-orgasmic glow.

Little did she know that the mad lust she was feeling for her brother -- a feeling already in her, in a latent state, months earlier -- was being amplified by Bran's new power as he jerked off two rooms away. Actually, Bran didn't know it either, but his imagination spurred his gift onward, unwittingly sending waves of sensual psychic energy Ali's way. All he could think of was how more than anything else in the world, he wanted Ali to be in the shower at that moment.

Time melted away as he came, and then came again and again. Before the gift, he always would be spent after blowing his load masturbating. But today, he was insatiable, a satyr in heat with an impervious hard-on and an endless supply of cum. As his mind swooned with thoughts of his sister -- not to mention the commencement of his sixth (seventh?) orgasm, he heard a gasp outside the shower. Startled, he spun around...and got yet another start.

Ali sat on the floor outside the shower, bathroom door closed, her legs splayed wildly as she pumped three fingers in and out of her like a piston, her other hand partially in her mouth as she licked her own juices off her fingers.

Again, for a second, they both froze, though this time not in shock. They were both in awe at the sight of each other's naked forms, not to mention the obvious fact that they were brazenly pleasuring themselves and had cum all over their lower extremities. The moment broke as Ali jumped to her feet and leapt into Bran's open arms in the shower.

"Oh god Bran, I need you so badly," she squealed. "Please help me -- I need you to fuck me now."

Bran's head spun as he heard the words he had been fantasizing about just moments earlier. In one motion, and with an ease that reflected his newly acquired musculature, he lifted her off her feet. They kissed passionately, their arms tightly holding each other and Ali's firm young legs wrapped around Bran's waist. He squeezed her tight ass as he held her, reveling in its supple feel and the sensual way she groaned in his ear as he did.

Then, before he even realized what he was doing, he hoisted her high in the air. Given the length of his reach and her petite 4-10 frame, the movement allowed him to fulfill another long-held fantasy as her lowered her hairless mound onto his eager mouth. His tongue worked her labia and clit with an expertise he didn't know he had. Her prone position left Ali no choice but to hang suspended as he did...not that she minded. Her body lit up with electricity as his tongue first made contact. Her first orgasm came quickly, as she did her best to grind her hips into his mouth as he licked. The climax didn't end, per se, instead it only built up to a second stronger climax. 

She screamed out loud, thanking God silently that her parents were out of town that night. "Oh God, Bran, please don't stop. Please, please, please...eat me, make meeeeee cuummmmmmmm!!!! Her voice trailed off as orgasm no. 3 kicked things up a notch.

Bran continued this for what seemed like an exquisite eternity to Ali. She lost track of the number of orgasms as Brad continued his midair assault on her virginal cunt. They would both marvel later that he had the strength to hold her up for so long without tiring. As Ali noticed the sun fading in the bathroom window above, she felt the start of another orgasm. Only this one was different. Instead of starting in her loins and spreading, her whole body was starting to buzz. The fact that Bran had leaned her against the shower wall so as to free one hand -- and then used that hand to start fingering her tight whole while he licked -- was the likely reason the orgasm was building up like a firestorm under her skin.

As he fingered her with increasing insistence, he found her G spot despite the fact that he didn't even know what a G spot was three days ago, and started to massage it while sucking her clit. He increased the pressure of his fingers as Ali's spasmodic motions and groans indicated that she liked it...and wanted more. The orgasm in her built and built until, like a dam bursting, her body let loose. 

"Uuuunnhhhhhhhh, ohgod ohgod ohgod ohgodOHGOD! FUCK FUCK FUCK YEEEEEEEESSSSSSS!"

As the mega-climax pounded her senses like nothing she'd ever known, her pussy let loose a torrent of juices. She had never squirted before when orgasming, and little did she know that that was not the last time she would do so. That night, and in general. 

Bran slowly lowered her and held her close as she screamed and moaned though the minutes-long tsunami that coursed through her veins, his fingers continuing to play against her G spot. He slowed the motion gradually, not wanting to end the moment abruptly. When Ali calmed her movements and moaning sufficiently, he gently slipped his fingers out and pulled her into a tender, loving kiss that seemed to last forever.
