 Chapter 5 - Mila

It was raining in Top Town. Grey clouds hung low over the mountain top city, matching the grey stone buildings that made up the majority of the architecture within the town walls. Mila was walking beside the warg Alagar as she approached the east gate. She could see the mage Kalliya standing beside a horse to one side of the gate, her black waterproof cloak pulled tight around her and the hood over her hair. Beside her stood another black cloaked figure, but while Kalliya wore a short grey travelling robe and brown hose beneath her cloak, the tall, lean figure beside her wore a black doublet and matching black hose. Beneath his cloak Mila could see the distinctive bulge of a long sword. Over his shoulder was an oilskin wrapped bow - a shortbow, judging by the length of the weapon, but some strange lumps close to where the ends of the unstrung weapon should be caused the orc to wonder exactly what kind of weapon it was. As she drew closer to the waiting pair, Mila could see the tall man had a black scarf wrapped around his hood and covering the lower half of his face, leaving only the pale grey skin of the bridge of his nose and his reddish-brown eyes visible.

Mila was garbed in a well made chain shirt that she wore over a heavy quilted gambeson. Over her supple leather trousers she wore a pair of heavy brown leather boots that extended to the tops of her thighs. A baldric across her back carried a hand-and-a-half sword, with a buckler hanging at her hip and a dagger in her belt. To keep the rain off, the orc wore a brown leather cape and matching hood. In a sling attached to the saddle on Alagar's back sat a heavy crossbow and a sheaf of quarrels. Behind the saddle was Mila's pack and a coil of rope with a grappling hook. She'd spent the previous day assembling her kit and saying her farewells to her friends and acquaintances in town and was now ready for the journey to the eastern reaches - the tail of the Shrouded Mountains that stretched into the Endless Wood.

Upon inspection it seemed the mage was well prepared too - a heavy pack and saddle bags hung from the horse she stood next to, but the black clad figure beside her seemed to have neither horse nor pack.

Mila gave a nod to the two figures by way of greeting as she and Alagar approached.

"I'm Mila," she said as she offered her hand to the man in black.

The man's grip was strong, but he said nothing as he shook Mila's hand - instead he glanced over at Kalliya.

"Good to see you didn't run off with the gems," said Kalliya, smiling, "This elf is Pointer. He doesn't speak."

Mila crooked an eyebrow.

"No tongue. Got it cut out somehow - don't ask me how; he never told me." explained Kalliya. "He's capable though, and good to have around in a fight."

"Uh, it's a long way to the eastern reaches. Don't tell me you're both sharing a ride?" said the orc.

"No no no, Pointer walks. He and horses don't get along. Don't worry, he can keep pace," said the mage.

"I'll take your word for it," said Mila, before patting the black fur of the hulking warg beside her. "This mangy mutt is Alagar. Don't worry, he's friendly enough. Just don't say he has fleas. He can understand every word you say, but like our elven comrade here, he can't talk either."

Alagar padded forward to sniff the mage and the elf. His head was three times the size of the mage's, but to Kalliya and Pointer's credit, neither flinched as his black, brindled muzzle swung past their faces. The huge warg carefully sized up both figures with his golden eyes before dipping his head slightly to them and stepping back beside Mila.

"Well, as I said, it's a long way to the eastern reaches. I guess we'll all get better acquainted on the road," said Mila as she reached to pull herself into the comfortable saddle on Alagar's back.

"Indeed," agreed Kalliya as she mounted her horse. "We'd best be off."

Mila didn't learn much about the strange pair she travelled with as they journeyed eastwards through the mountains. For the two week journey the elf was completely silent; not just for lack of a tongue - even while he loped along beside the two mounted women his footsteps made no sound and nary a jingle could be heard from his equipment. Kalliya seemed happy enough to talk, but the orc was unable to pry any profound information from the dark skinned human. Mila learned that Kalliya came from Baruch, far to the south and west, where the Sand Sea encroached upon the foothills of the Shrouded Mountains, and that she worked for a Baruchian wizard who was studying tribal artifacts. Pointer was apparently this wizard's manservant, but how he came to lose his tongue the mage claimed to have no idea. The warg-rider shared what details about her life the mage enquired of in return - her parents had been hunters of the Greenrock tribe, she had left the tribe after her parents' deaths with Alagar, her father's mount, as company, and had been living the life of a freebooter ever since. She'd journeyed as far as Drasich to the west, delved deep into the eastern reaches, had gazed out over the sand sea to the south and had travelled north across the steppes until she'd come up against the Shield Wall Mountains and the driving arctic winds that cascaded down their slopes. Now she called Top Town her home in the rare moments she wasn't on the road for work or wanderlust.

Most nights on the way to the edge of the reaches they had been able to find an inn, but as they journeyed further east the inns became increasingly rare and they'd had to unfurl their bedrolls in what sheltered nooks they could find beside the road. They took turns keeping watch at night; nearer to Top Town bandits would know to keep their distance from a well armed party, to say the least of one accompanied by a warg, but they were now nearly two weeks from the mountain city and there were other threats more fearsome than bandits to be wary of. Fellow travellers had been a few merchants and their guards, the occasional farmer or miner and one party of rowdy dwarves who had rampaged through Mila's coin purse in a poorly played game of liar's dice. It had been hard to focus on the dice while a handsome dwarf with a particularly girthy cock had a hand down her trousers, but the post game entertainment had made it almost worth the small fortune the gambling midgets had walked off with.

Mila found herself fondly remembering the amorous dwarf's attentions as she kept watch that night. Tomorrow they would descend to the bridge that marked the edge of the eastern reaches and the jagged rocky mountains would give way to the jumbled, wooded foothills. Once in the reaches, she'd have to be on her toes at all times, but tonight, mind lingering on the last proper fucking she'd gotten, she let her hand wander down and under her belt to gently massage her clit. A glance over her shoulder showed her the other two were fast asleep; Kalliya snoring gently and the deep breaths emerging from Pointer the loudest noise she'd heard him make in nearly two weeks. Quietly she undid her belt and the laces of her trousers, peeling back the black leather to provide her fingers better access to her nethers.

Dwarven cocks were built like their owners - not very long, but wide and stout, and the orc's pussy grew damp as she remembered how that handsome dwarf had properly stretched out her cunny when she sat down on his shaft. Grinning at the memory, Mila slid a finger deep into her exposed quim while she mashed the heel of her palm against her erect clit. She closed her eyes in pleasure, only to snap them open a moment later when she sensed a shadow crossing over her. Her surprise turned to embarrassment when she was greeted with the sight of Alagar standing beside her, one eyebrow raised in query.

"Oh fuck," she whispered, "It's just a little fun before we really get into the shit tomorrow. Don't judge."

The warg snorted quietly.

"C'mon, help me keep watch while I crank one out," pleaded Mila.

In response, the huge, furred beast turned a circle behind her before lying down between her and the fire with his belly against her lower back.

"Good boy," she whispered, sliding forward until she was reclining with her head on the warg's chest. She pulled her pants down until her butt was bare and resting on the ground, splaying her legs as best she could, and started massaging her pleasure button at a more frantic pace.

After a few minutes trying to grind an orgasm out of her needy quim, the orc groaned in frustration, "Balls. This isn't working."

Quietly as she could, Mila got to her feet. Attempting to make her hurried masturbation more comfortable, she pulled her boots off and shimmied out of her trousers, exposing herself from the waist down. When she bent over to pull her pants from around her ankles, she had to bite her tongue from squealing as Alagar's long, wet tongue snaked between her legs to lick its way from her mons over her taint and up to her asshole. She looked back to glare at the warg only to see his huge, red, knotted cock fully extended from its sheath and gleaming in the dull light.

"Ha. I see I'm not the only one who's a little pent up," she whispered hoarsely.

Alagar responded with another slow, slobbery lick across her labia.

"Alright, alright, but we have to be super quiet and right quick. I don't want to be caught being 'unprofessional'. And you can't fucking knot me, okay? You were in there for an hour last time."

The pantsless orc cast another anxious glance back at the sleeping forms of her comrades as she quietly dropped to her hands and knees.

"C'mon, mount up big boy," she whispered, presenting her dripping cunt to the golden eyed warg.

The huge beast noiselessly got to his feet and moved forward until his black-furred bulk was looming over her. Mila arched her back and raised her ass, pushing backwards until she felt the pointed tip of Alagar's bestial phallus caressing her pussy lips. The warg's cock felt burning hot against her and a steady trickle of clear pre-cum dripped from it. Mila bit her lower lip to prevent a moan when the beast bucked his haunches gently and two inches of his engorged, slick shaft pushed into her. Sensing her attempts to stay quiet, the warg paused, the tip of his red phallus pulsing gently inside the orc's dripping pussy.

"Alright, I'm good, keep going you randy furball," whispered Mila from her position beneath the monstrous canine.

Alagar pushed again, shifting his weight forward until the soft fur of his stomach pressed against the greenskin's back. Inexorably slowly his long, thick cock slid into her cunny, filling her with a delicious, tight, hot sensation as her pussy stretched around the warg's girthy tool. After what seemed like an eternity of burning cockmeat pushing into her, Mila felt the squishy bulge of Alagar's knot butt up against her lips. As it did whenever the hulking warg mounted her, the warg's immense tool felt exquisite. Once again she had to bite her lip to keep from moaning. This time, however, Alagar didn't pause for long and slowly he began to withdraw his shaft from the warm vice it was ensconced in. As he pulled back, Mila's sopping pussy lips clung to his veiny, red length and a long, viscous strand of his pre-cum mixed with her juices dripped from their joined organs to the ground. Once there was only a couple of inches of dick inside her, the warg pushed forwards again until his hardening knot bumped up against her clit once more. He repeated the process again and again, steadily increasing speed until he was methodically thrusting his oversized cock in and out of the orc's welcoming hole with silent gusto, producing a quiet, wet, slick noise as he humped her raised pussy.

Mila glanced backwards past the warg's braced paws, but her two compatriots were still slumbering peacefully, undisturbed by the silent yet frantic rutting that was taking place mere feet from them. The danger of being caught while getting mounted by her warg sent an illicit thrill through the orc, causing her to involuntarily clench her pussy around the engorged warg-cock humping her. Alagar let out a low, rumbling growl as she did so and Mila knew he would soon start ejeculating. She hadn't cum yet, but she wasn't worried - when Alagar's cock started spurting, she knew it wouldn't stop for a few minutes and getting filled up by that monstrous slab of a penis always pushed her over the edge. Her worry was that she wouldn't be able to stay quiet as the warg pumped his jism into her orgasming pussy.

Wouldn't that be a sight, she thought, getting caught panting and moaning in orgasm as her cunt got inseminated by a torrent of sloppy warg sperm while she was supposed to be on sentry duty.

Suddenly, the warg's huge cock pulsed, swelling to gargantuan proportions in her tunnel, and Alagar's furred haunches shuddered. Mila felt a hot jet of liquid squirt into her as the warg's bestial cock began ejaculating. Knowing her arms wouldn't be able to support her much longer, she dropped a shoulder to the ground, resting her cheek against the stone, and reached back between her legs to batter her fingers against her desperate clit. Alagar hilted himself in her cunny, up to his knot, and stopped thrusting vigorously, the huge bulge pressed against her cunt lips. Instead, he slowly and rhythmically pushed against her as his throbbing cock hosed a steady stream of jizz into her fuck-hole. The flood of warm liquid pulsed and spurted powerfully into her, filling the orc's cunt with a delectable warmth until her pussy overflowed and Mila felt the syrupy semen ooze out from where her labia kissed his veiny shaft and swollen knot. As it trickled over her fingers and down her arm, Mila's own orgasm crashed into her and she tensed up, biting her lip a final time as she rode it out.

As she came down from her post coital high, she realized Alagar was still cumming, inseminating her with warm waves of cock-juice that was now dripping from her overstuffed cunt to splatter on the ground in heavy dollops.

"Shit," she whispered, "we're making a fucking mess."

Alagar growled a low, satisfied rumble and continued to rhythmically flex his haunches while he unloaded his heavy, furred balls into his mate's quim.

"Hold on old boy, I'll do this quickly," continued the orc.

In a quick, fluid motion she crawled off the warg's turgid, jizz-spewing cock, turned, and wrapped her lips around it. Her cheeks bulged immediately as another pulse of Alagar's cum spurted from the tip of his ejaculating schlong into her mouth and Mila started swallowing quickly, trying to keep pace, while cupping a hand over her gaping pussy in an attempt to stop too much of the warg's slimy, white, pungent ejaculate from oozing out. The orgasming beast's spunk tasted sweet and salty and not at all unpleasant and Mila gulped it down as fast as she could, her free hand wrapped around the warg's slowly deflating knot, milking it gently. She continued sucking and swallowing for several minutes until the flow of musky jizz tapered off and Alagar gave another shudder and satisfied growl.

"Gods, you don't do things by half, huh big guy?" whispered Mila once the warg's cock was out of her mouth. "Keep an eye open for a moment. I gotta step away for a bit and get all your spunk out. I feel like I'm gonna burst."

The huge creature licked her cheek affectionately before sitting back on his haunches, golden eyes half closed, tongue lolling out of his maw. Leaving the warg to keep watch, Mila grabbed her boots and pants and walked a few yards into the scrub, hand still cupped tight over her cum-stuffed pussy, before squatting and letting a veritable torrent of glistening white warg cum gush from her well-used cunt. She smiled to herself as she wiped up the last ropey strands of the warm, aromatic cum and licked her fingers clean. If only every night passed so pleasantly once they entered the reaches.

With morning came more rain, and Kalliya and Mila stood in the shelter of a huge oak tree while they looked down the valley slope at the stone bridge that marked the boundary of the eastern reaches. The sides of the valley were heavily wooded; the road wound its way through the trees until it reached the edge of the river gorge and the sturdy looking bridge that spanned it. Currently occupying the women's attention were the six figures lounging against the stonework on the far side of the bridge.

"So you're sure they're bandits?" said the human mage as she hugged her cloak around her shoulders.

"No doubt about it. Their armour is a regular dog's breakfast, so they're not soldiers, and there's no reason for mercs to be sitting in the rain there. That bridge is the perfect choke point for an ambush. I'll bet there's a few more hiding in the trees on this side of the gorge," said the orc. "When Pointer gets back from scouting, I don't doubt he'll confirm my suspicions."

"What do you think we should do?"

"Well," continued Mila, "unless you feel like hiking three days out of our way to get to the next crossing or forking over most of your valuables and equipment as a tax, we're going to have to spring that trap."

"Hmm. I don't like it, but it seems there's little choice," complained Kalliya.

Alagar sniffed loudly and turned his massive head to face the scrub in front of them a moment before Pointer's black clothed form emerged from it. As the elf walked over to the two women, he wrote quickly on his slate.

8 bandits. 6 on bridge. 2 more this side hidden. 5 humans 2 goblins 1 orc.

"I knew it," said Mila. "This could suck a bit."

Pointer wiped his slate with his sleeve and scribbled down another message;

too wet for shooting. need to get in close.

Mila agreed with a nod of her head. The rain would soak exposed bowstrings, hampering any archery. The coming fight would come down to steel on steel and what magic the mage could bring to bear.

"Alright. I'll take the lead," said Mila, "Kalliya, you stick close behind me. We'll keep them talking as long as possible for Pointer to deal with the ambushers on this side of the river. Once they're dealt with, you'll need to come back us up as quick as possible."

Pointer and Kalliya both nodded.

"Oh, and one more thing," Mila added, "try and keep the orc alive. He might have some useful information about the Redtooth."

Mila and Kalliya rode towards the bridge and the waiting ambush after Pointer had disappeared amongst the trees once more. As they approached the the bridge the orc could see the lounging figures on the far side of it pick themselves up as they noticed the two riders. The bandits looked like a rough bunch to the orc - mismatched arms and armor that hadn't seen polish in weeks and an assortment of scars that would impress a goblin chirurgeon. At the mid-point of the bridge the leader of the gang of rogues stepped forward. She was a tower of a woman, clad in furs and chainmail with a wicked looking bearded axe near as tall as she was. Mila figured her to be some sort of barbarian renegade. Behind her were four more shifty looking humans and a burly orc, all armed with various hand weapons - swords, maces and axes. The warg rider was pleased to note a lack of shields among the ragtag group.

"Halt, greenie!" called out the towering barbarian, "This here's a toll bridge! It'll cost you to cross it!"

Mila hoped Pointer was every bit as quiet as he seemed to be - she could hear no sounds coming from the forest behind her and could imagine goblin archers drawing a bead on her back.

"I've been through here before - never had to pay a toll. What's it for?" she asked, trying to keep the bandit talking.

The barbarian leered maliciously and said, "Lots of real unsavoury types around. We make sure travellers are safe on these roads. Why don't you hand over, say, half your coin, your horse and that nice looking sword you're carrying there to help us do our job keeping you safe?"
