 Chapter 2 - Mila

 Mila sat at the bar of the Ogre's Drum, chin resting on her hand, flagon of bitter dark ale growing warm in front of her. Ordinarily the orc was an enthusiastic drinker, but today she nursed her drink, long lashed eyelids half closed, a bored frown twisted on her tusked mouth.

 Behind the bar the huge ogre bartender swished a rag around the inside of empty glass and looked concernedly over at her friend. "What's got you troubled lass?" she enquired in her low, heavily accented voice. The arr sounds tumbled and rolled out of her mouth.

 "Ah, sheeit, Jo. I need a job," sighed the orc.

 "You know you can always come work for me again. Last time you were turning tricks here you made fat sacks of coin."

 Jolene ran the Ogre's Drum, a two story tavern and brothel in the heart of Top Town. Situated in an old, three story wattle and daub manse deep in the spiderweb of streets and alleys that tangled through the core of the mountain city, the Ogre's Drum was renowned throughout the Shrouded Mountains as a place where one could acquire a drink, a fuck or a rumour of almost any flavour. As Mila lamented her circumstances to Jolene, various patrons filled the booths, tables and stools at the bar. Here, a scarred human barbarian hunched over a blister-whisky, there, two goblins chattered in hushed tones with a figure wearing a hooded black cloak, while at the main staircase a muscled half-orc woman was led upwards to the rooms where the more physical entertainment took place by a grinning elven lothario.

 "Ha, thanks Jo, but I don't need the coin, as much fun as earning it can be. I'm still flush after that last job. Nah, I need to stretch my legs on the road. Gotta get out of this town before ol' Alagar gets hooked on you and grows fat," replied Mila, speaking of her warg. The huge, wise, wolf-like creature had gotten comfortable over the past weeks, sleeping behind the bar and getting far too many treats from the tavern's friendly staff. 

 At mention of his name the napping beast cracked open a golden eye and peered his shaggy, black-furred muzzle around the corner of the bar before yawning and resuming his doze. He'd travelled and battled beside Mila for years now, and the two hand formed a bond that went beyond friendship. His eight foot frame was heavily muscled and bore many scars that spoke of the numerous fights he had borne the orc through.

 "Well, if I hear of anything I'll toss it your way before I pin it on the board," the ogre barkeep said, nodding her head in the direction of the wooden job board near the door. The messages that were currently pinned to it were mostly minor jobs and caravan escorts - nothing really worth the gold or time of an experienced orc warg rider.

 If she was going to say more, she didn't have an opportunity as two brawling figures came tumbling down the stairs. Both clad in the fur and hide armour of the northern barbarian tribes, the two humans were viciously punching and grappling punching one another while two goblin half dressed goblin sisters looked down at them from the top of the stairs, laughing jovially.

 "Jo! Got a couple of idiots that need to leave!" one of them shouted.

 Jolene had already turned, retrieving a metal studded bat from under the bar as she did so. The club would have taken two hands for a human to even consider lifting, but the brawny ogre easily hefted with her right hand as she made her way towards the fur clad fighters.

 "Need a hand?" enquired Mila.

 "I got this," came the rumbling response.

 Nine feet tall and covered in muscles that had to move to get out of the way of more muscles, Jolene was a dab hand at breaking up a brawl. Top Town was a rough place, full of many of the toughest individuals to walk the Shrouded Mountains, and most of them knew to get the fuck out of the way when they saw the brown skinned, hulking form of Jolene striding their way, club in hand. The tall barkeep wore a tight fitting gambeson, low cut to show off her impressive cleavage, but a practical piece of armour, thick enough to turn a knife thrust, nonetheless. Leather trousers and steel capped leather boots made up the rest of her apparel, ideal for a barkeep who had to finish many a fight before furniture got wrecked.

 Mila took a swig from her flagon and watched as the ogre waded between the brawlers. Jolene reached out with a massive hand, yanking one of the battling figures away from the other, interposing her huge form between the two.

 "Oi!, You two! OUT! NOW!" she bellowed.

 As one barbarian dangled helplessly from Jolene's left fist, the other drew a wicked looking curved knife from his boot.

 "That was stupid," remarked Mila to no-one in particular.

 Jolene's right hand made in a quick jabbing movement with the hilt of her bat and the knife wielding human was rewarded for drawing his weapon with a broken nose and at least five missing teeth. His eyes rolled back and he collapsed to the floor, unconscious, and Jolene began hauling his now much more subservient opponent toward the door.

 While the scene was resolved, Mila felt a presence at her side. "Can I help you?" she asked, glancing to the right to see a black cloaked figure at her elbow.

 In the gloom beneath the cloaked figure's hood, Mila's fine vision could make out a tan skinned, quite attractive female human face with plump lips, wide set brown eyes and coal black hair.

 "I heard you might be looking for a job," came the reply. "I can pay quite well."

 "Depends on what the job is. What needs doing?" inquired Mila.

 "Why don't you come back to my table and we can talk about it?"

 The cloaked figure led Mila to one of the booths against the wall. As they approached, the two goblins that were seated at the booth got up and departed, the one in front giving a nod to the woman in the black cloak and a thumbs up to Mila as he passed. She recognized him as Urglot, a broker and merchant she was quite familiar with. If this job turned out to be a good one, she'd have to thank him somehow. 

 "Alright, who are you and what's this all about?" said Mila as she sat down across from the woman in black.

 "Well, my name's Kalliya, and I'm in need of a guide and a translator for a trip into the eastern reaches. I'd heard-"

 "Wait, what?" interrupted the orc. "Why in the hells would you want to go there? Everyone knows the eastern reaches are a proper shit show these days. Full of gods damned savages."

 "That goblin said you'd traveled the region."

 "Yeah but not by choice. I barely made it out with my head on my shoulders and I'm a greenskin. The tribes in the east don't like foreigners, especially humans. They'll eat you for lunch." Mila didn't think Urglot would be getting any reward for passing this job her way. He'd be lucky if he escaped a beating.

 "That's why I'll be paying well," explained Kalliya. "Very well."

 The human dropped a fat pouch onto the table. Mila reached for it and peeked inside to see a heap of precious gems.

 The black cloaked woman continued, "You get this now and another bag once we get back."

 "Huh. That's a tempting offer, but you'll need more muscle than just me."

 "There'll be someone else joining us - he's very handy with a bow and blade. He'll be able to handle himself, and I can throw a spell or two."

 Mila considered the situation; two well armed warriors and a mage made the venture seem slightly less suicidal, and the pay was very good.

 "Alright. You've answered the where, but not the why."

 "There's a tribe of orcs there - the Redtooth Clan I think they call themselves," said Kalliya, "They have an artifact that I'm interested in studying. I'd like to talk to them and see if they'll let me have a look at it. That's why I need a translator."

 "I know the Redtooth," said Mila, "They're not as crazy as the rest. This is still a bloody dangerous job, but I'll join you. It's a two week journey to the edge of the reaches and it'll probably be another week to find the Redtooth clan. I'll need a day to get supplies."

 "Then we'll meet at daybreak the day after tomorrow at the east gate," the mage said, offering her hand across the table to Mila.

 After the mage departed, Mila walked back to the bar where Urglot and Jolene were chatting. The bartender gave Mila a smile and the little goblin asked her whether she'd taken the job offer. Mila smiled back and showed the two of them the hefty sack of gems she had tied to her belt.

 "I'm thinking I may have earned a thank-you very much, Urglot," said the goblin, grinning.

 "You little runt," said Mila, "I know she already paid you to find someone for this job."

 "It's true," replied Urglot ruefully, "but I didn't have to send her your way. I know Gara's upstairs riding some elf cock. I coulda sent this one over to her."

 "Bah. You know Gara couldn't handle a trip to the eastern reaches. Still, I guess a little thanks is in order. What do you want?"

 The goblin broker said nothing and simply leaned back on his stool to grin lasciviously at Mila's muscled, round ass. Jolene laughed as she saw Urglot's lusty leer.

 "Gods damned randy little gobbos, eh Mila? What can you do?" the ogre chuckled as she turned to go check on her other patrons.

 Giving a sigh of mock exasperation, Mila leaned forward against the bar and shimmied her black leather pants down until they bunched around her ankles. She and Urglot had shagged before and to be quite honest she was looking forward to getting a quick fuck from the little guy. Like most goblin men, despite his small stature, his equipment was disproportionately large and she knew the goblin broker could use it well.

 There was a grinding noise as the goblin dragged his stool into position behind Mila's bare, dark green buttocks. Once it was behind her, the short greenskin climbed atop it and licked his lips before leaning in and running his long tongue across her exposed vulva. He slid the wet organ into her quim and lashed it over her clitoris before sliding it upwards over her perineum and slathering spit over her asshole.

 "Ooh ind ith I thtick it in oor ath?" said Urglot, tongue sliding around the wrinkled rosebud of Mila's anus.

 "Oh fine. Go for it," said Mila, pussy dripping as the goblin gave her a rim-job.

 She heard the sounds of Urglot undoing his belt and dropping his pants and her spit slathered asshole became suddenly cool as the goblin removed his enthusiastic tongue, only to replace it with the hot, mushroom like head of his engorged cock. Urglot's stool wobbled as he kneeled on it and pressed his cock-head against Mila's asshole and he grabbed one of the orc's expansive buttcheeks with one hand to steady himself even as he gripped his massive tool with his other hand and pushed it against her sphincter. 

 Mila's anus slowly gave way to the goblin cock that was inexorably grinding into it until with a sudden jerk Urglot's bulbous cockhead popped into her ass. The small greenskin let out a moan as his cock was engulfed by the smooth heat of Mila's behind. 

 "Mmpf! That feels damn fine, girl!" he said, pushing forwards slowly, stuffing more of his green schlong into her bum.

 Mila could only grunt in reply, her large green breasts heaving beneath her linen blouse and a film of sweat forming on her raised hindquarters. She leaned into the bar as more of the goblin's cock sheathed itself in her ass until she felt his balls butt up against her mons. The thick penis in her arse elicited a delectable combination of aching pleasure that throbbed through her body. Her bob-cut black hair rocked back and forwards over her pronounced cheekbones as the horny little goblin started up a steady ass-fucking rhythm. Jolene sauntered over to the rutting pair, bottle of blister-whisky and two glasses in hand.

 The barkeep placed the glasses in front of Mila and poured a measure of the fiery, amber liquid into both of them. "Here you go, kids," she said, handing one to the straining goblin mounting Mila and leaving the other on the bar in front of the orc, "a gift from your appreciative audience."

 Mila grinned through gritted teeth and pushed herself up to a standing position, back arched towards the bar, ass pushed out towards the goblin. She heard a loud gulp as Urglot downed his shot of whisky and saw the goblin's wiry green arm reach past her to deposit his empty glass back on the counter-top before moving his now empty hand up to her bosom and groping her left tit through her blouse. As he teased and manhandled her breast, the diminutive greenskin kept shunting his cock in and out her asshole with rhythmical, short thrusts, his cheek pressed between her shoulder blades, right arm wrapped around her chiseled abs to steady himself.

 Mila lifted her glass of whisky to her lips as Jolene watched her getting reamed. "Shite, but you two randy fuckers are making me wet," said the huge bartender, a flush creeping across her ample cleavage. 

 "I might just have to find a john to fuck after this," she continued, refilling both glasses.

 The goblin's pace quickened and the soft slap of his skin impacting the cushiony cheeks of Mila's butt could be heard above the murmur of conversation in the bar, punctuated by the rutting pair's pants and grunts. As their fucking grew more frantic, the goblin, still gripping the orc's large tit tightly with his left hand, reached downward with his right hand, running it over the smooth skin of her abdomen until her found her mons and clit. With dexterous fingers he massaged her erect pleasure button, moving his hand in a circular motion that matched the beat of steady thrusts he was making into her ass. Mila's mouth hung open, her eyes unfocused as she felt an orgasm building. She knew this goblin was good, and she was about to get proof of that once more.

 "Urgh... Gonna cum..." Urglot grunted, and Mila felt his cock swell in her ass, seemingly to twice it's size, as a blast of hot, sticky sperm traveled up it and spurted powerfully, deep into her bowels.

 The warm, pulsing waves of sloppy liquid filling her ass and the steady clit massage were just what she needed. Mila's muscled butt contracted around the goblin's cum-spurting cock, milking it as her body quivered in orgasm. She slumped forwards against the bar once more while Urglot finished pumping her full of cum.

 As the goblin's throbbing cock squeezed out a final few ropes of seed into Mila's arse, Jolene, who had been watching their fucking with lusty eyes, grabbed a towel from under the bar and tossed it over to the panting orc. There was a wet slurping noise as Urglot withdrew his softening tool from Mila's anus, and she could feel a steady flow of slimy cum trickle down the inside of her thighs. She grabbed the towel and started cleaning herself up, throwing a rakish grin toward Jolene. Behind her smattering of sardonic applause broke out from the appreciative onlookers as Urglot turned on his stool, smiling widely and giving the room a thumbs up.

 "Fucking incorrigible," said Mila, still flushed from her orgasm, to the celebrating goblin.

 "You love it," came the impudent reply.

 He was lucky she did, thought Mila as she grabbed what was left of the bottle of whisky, pulled her tight leather pants half way up her thighs and made for the stairs, towel still held against her cum dripping anus.