 Chapter 10 - Hedda

Hedda crouched in the dim predawn light, half hidden by a scraggly bush, her hand gripping the haft of her glaive tightly, eyes scanning the twelve foot stone wall thirty strides to her front. She readjusted her steel helm and glanced back at the small group of soldiers similarly hidden behind her. Her heart thumped with excitement and she could taste the faint acidic tang of adrenaline on her tongue. She wished her shieldbearer Jon was with her - his easy smile always had a way of calming her pre-battle nerves, but, to her lover's dismay, he, along with a few others from her warband, had been ordered to stay behind from this raid. The host had reached the foothills of the shrouded mountains after a week and a half rapid marching across the steppes. As they waited for the orc and goblin tribes to join them, Gunnar had selected a mixed force of warriors to assault a nearby Free City trading post. Garrisoned by a company of Free City legionnaires and fortified with a stone wall, the trading post posed little threat to the warhost, but could not be skirted lest messengers be sent back to the cities with news of the war host's approach. The troops Gunnar had selected were numerous enough to overrun the fortifications with ease and comprised a mix of experienced troops from all the gathered races to provide an easy, unified victory that would raise the spirits of the entire army.

The blonde spear-maiden watched three dark specks circling high above the wall she crouched near. Slowly, the specks grew larger and resolved into the form of harpy warriors. Two carried large bundles of rope in their talons. The third, descending slightly faster than her feathered comrades, had a long, curved knife in each hand. The patrolling legionnaire was oblivious to the knife wielding avian as she alighted delicately on the parapet behind him. There was a brief flurry of movement and a moment later the harpy warrior was standing on the battlements, beckoning her comrades to her. A moment later, Hedda was loping towards the wall, glaive strapped over her back. With as much stealth as she could muster, she scaled the rope the harpies had lowered and was soon atop the wall, crouching low next to the dead legionnaire and surveying the compound.

Her group's mission was to secure the small gatehouse to permit the entrance of the minotaur, troll and centaur component of the raiding force. Another force of smaller humanoids - goblins, harpies and barbarians - would be securing the rear gates while more mixed units patrolled the exterior perimeter, ensuring no messengers escaped. A goblin hunkered down next to her, stringing a short recurve bow made of horn, while the last of her small force assembled atop the wall. With a curt hand gesture signalling the small group to follow her, the northerner unslung her glaive and set off at a low run along the battlements towards the gatehouse.

She was ten yards away when the door that led into the second floor of the gatehouse from the parapets began to open. Hedda lengthened her stride, breaking into a sprint, glaive held in both hands and levelled at chest height. The legionnaire opening the door caught the blade in the chest, her overlapping banded armour deflecting the thrust upwards even as she fell backwards into the room she had been exiting, until the weapon's point found her neck and bit deep. A crimson arc of arterial spray preceded Hedda's entrance into the guardroom. Three more legionnaires were clambering to their feet, their faces locked in a rictus of shock.

Hedda kept her momentum, letting the point of her blade dip downwards with the collapse of the dying guard whose throat it was embedded in. Leaping over the bleeding legionnaire, she pushed her right hand out, twisted at the waist, and smashed the heavy oak haft of her pole-arm into a surprised guard's face. The average legion trooper didn't wear a closed face helmet and there was a solid crunch as the stunned trooper caught the heavy wooden shaft with his teeth. Two more warriors followed Hedda's charge through the door - immediately behind her, a goblin with a buckler and mace came hurtling into the second story guardroom and quickly barrelled into the nearest trooper. Another northern barbarian with a heavy hatchet in each hand came running in on his heel. The short goblin's charge took a startled elven legionnaire in the knees. There was a clatter of metal plates on stone as the elf tumbled backwards, followed by a sickening thud as the goblin's heavy iron mace went to work. Thanks to the greenskin's diminutive stature, the barbarian was able to throw one of his hatchets over the goblin's head, but the banded armour of the legionnaire he was aiming at easily turned the hurried cast. The legion soldier scrambled to draw his sword and began shouting as he did so. No sooner was his blade in hand, however, when a heavy, sideways blow from Hedda's glaive caught him in the shoulder and dropped him to his knees. Her goblin comrade stepped in quickly and finished the stunned guard with an upwards swing of his mace that caught the hapless trooper on the chin.

The axe wielding barbarian quickly stepped over to the windlass in the centre of the room and began cranking the main gate open. Hedda took a moment to glance out of one of the arrow slits to see the main assault force running towards the now defenceless fort. Centaurs with spears and bows, trolls with their iron throwing shot and heavy clubs and minotaurs with mighty two handed weapons and oversized crossbows charged into the stone walled trading post. The legion guards, mostly asleep in the barracks, could do little to resist, and, aside from the guards killed on the walls and gatehouses and a few holdouts in the officer's quarters attached to the main merchant hall, the warhost soon found itself in possession of the trading post, a motley group of merchants, their servants and bodyguards, and almost a hundred human and elven legionnaire prisoners.

While the prisoners were searched and organized, a runner went back to inform the host of the victory and by mid-afternoon the main body of clan warriors had arrived and were setting up camp in and around the trading post. Gunnar and the host commanders settled themselves and their personal troops in the officer's quarters and barracks and Hedda stood on the battlements near the gatehouse she'd seized watching them enter, expecting to see Bann accompanying the Running Grass command squad. She hadn't seen her friend for many days and was a little surprised when she could not count him among the commanders and their staff that were entering the compound.

"Sounds like it was a tidy little fight," came Jon's voice from beside her. The brown haired barbarian was leaning in the open door to the gatehouse. "A hundred prisoners for only a few wounded. Well done."

"Feh," shrugged Hedda. "Wasn't much actual fighting. They didn't really stand a chance."

"Still, there's some real beds in here," said Jon, jerking his thumb over his shoulder to indicate the gatehouse behind him. "Beats sleeping on the ground. They found a lot of wine and ale in the trading post too. Gonna be a fun night."

Hedda smiled at her lover as he sauntered over to where she was leaning on the stonework. The handsome barbarian leaned an elbow on the parapet next to her and slid his other hand under her kilt to give her ass a firm squeeze.

"Jon Bough-breaker," she said, voice heavy with feigned disapproval, "I'm out all night fighting battles and conquering castles and all you can think about is drinking and fucking when I get home."

"Sorry, ma'am," replied her shieldbearer, attempting to stifle a grin and failing miserably, "I just thought you'd need to unwind after working so hard."

"Let me catch some sleep for a few hours and then come find me, you incorrigible rogue," said Hedda, "and you better have a hard drink and a stiff dick waiting for me when I get up."

"Yes sir!" said Jon, saluting, as Hedda turned and made her way toward the gatehouse and a real bed.

"Oh, hey, see if you can find Bann too," she added as she reached the door. "Haven't seen the guy in ages - it'll be good to share a drink with him."

A few hours later, Hedda opened her eyes as her ears filled with the sound of Jon's terrible singing. Through the arrow port on the other side of the gatehouse room she could see the sky growing dark. Her shieldbearer was sitting at the wooden table that occupied the centre of the gatehouse, wearing only his boots and kilt. His feet were resting on the table next to two flagons and a tin plate with what looked and smelled like a delicious roasted mutton haunch. The succulent aroma was tainted by the horrendous tones of Jon's voice as he drunkenly belted out a ribald melody.

"Oh! The lumberjack's daughter likes really big trees,

Really big trees!

Really big trees!

Oh! The lumberjack's daughter likes really big trees,

Just like the one down between my knees!"

Hedda lifted her head and propped it up on an arm as Jon continued on, oblivious to the racket he was making.

"Oh! The stonecutter's daughter likes really big rocks,

Really big rocks!

Really big rocks!

Oh! The stonecutter's daughter likes really big rocks,

And all the boys with really big co-"

"Jon, if you don't stop that terrible singing, I may have to kill you," interrupted Hedda.

"Oh hey, you're awake!"

"With you singing, it wasn't really a choice," said the blonde warrior as she rose from the bed. "That mead for me?"

"Uh, it's not actually mead," said Jon, grabbing the mugs and offering one to her.

Hedda peered into the mug. It was half full of an opaque, viscous, orange liquid. A faint, earthy aroma wafted up from it.

"It's mushroom beer," explained Jon. "The gobbos were giving it away for free!"

"Oh wow. I've, um, heard it does some strange things to you," said Hedda. "Does it work?"

"Hells, does it ever! I am drunk as a... very drunk thing," he finished lamely. "But check this out!"

The inebriated warrior lifted the front of his kilt. Hedda gasped. She had always appreciated that Jon was a well hung lad, but now, swinging semi-hard between his legs, was an epic monument to maleness. The goblin beer had given her shieldbearer a massive slab of a dick, a pulsing column of cock-meat that swung ponderously, throbbing and growing even larger under her inspection. 

"Oh my," murmured Hedda, "you're hung like a fucking troll."

"Funny you should say that," said Jon, beaming. "you know how you were checking out that troll the other day when we were marching? I may have been chatting with one before I came to wake you up - he's waiting outside. Better drink up before we go out though."

Hedda grinned widely and gave her inebriated partner a kiss on the cheek.

"A troll?! Just for me?" Hedda giggled. "You're the best!"

The malty, viscous philter dropped heavily into her belly, almost immediately filling her with a weighty warmth that, starting in her head, oozed down her body until it seemed to nestle in her groin. Her clit throbbed and Hedda could feel a sudden wetness on her inner thighs as her arousal went into overdrive. 

"Fuuuuck..." was all the vocabulary she could manage as the intense sensation washed over her.

"Intense, isn't it?" said Jon, getting to his feet, erection tenting his kilt.

The couple staggered to the stairs that led to the ground floor exit from the gatehouse and stumbled out into the courtyard of the trading post. The packed earth of the square was full of war-host troops and their tents and campfires. Through the open gates behind them, many more tents had been erected. Various supply wagons were drawn up against the interior walls and the area was a hubbub of activity. Campfires roared, with spits holding various roasting meats turning above them. Countless barrels had been broached and various spirits were flowing freely. A few warriors patrolled the battlements, keeping watch for danger, but the majority of the host was drinking, feasting or engaged in some form of wild debauchery. Here, a group of harpies was fucking a mob of goblins into insensibility, there, a minotaur cow emitted moans and moos as she was mounted and properly rogered by a hung centaur. Closer to the gatehouse, a few warriors of Hedda's warband had set up tents and lit their own campfire. The blonde barbarian recognized her warband leader, Hrolf Stone-foot, seated cross legged near the fire, a lusty goblin lass bouncing her round green ass on his cock. Various other centaur and human members of her band were quaffing drinks or fornicating vigorously.

Immediately to the couple's left was a pair of trolls. One was abundantly female, with smooth, heavy, round breasts and a voluminous pair of buttocks to match. Her skin was pale grey and rippled with muscle. Her hair was worn in a topknot and, like her tusks and claws, was a burnished bronze in colour. She was bracing herself against the wall of the gatehouse, legs spread, while a hulking male troll gripped her waist and plowed his thick, hefty phallus into her cunt, producing a wet, squelching, slapping noise at the apex of each thrust as their skin slapped together. The male troll was equally muscled, but had coal black skin and silver tusks and claws. His hair was shaved and sparkled in the firelight like his scalp was dusted with powdered diamonds.

"Hey guys," said Jon, turning to face the rutting trolls. "This is Hedda."

The female troll turned her head and smiled at Hedda.

"Gree-uh-tings -uh- Hed-uh-," she said, rumbling speech punctuated by grunts elicited by the steady pounding her cunny was recieving. "I -uh- am -uh- Ag-uh-af-uh-ya. This -uh- my -uh- war-uh-kin -uh- Ye-uh-gor."

Seemingly just noticing they had company, the male troll Hedda now knew to be called Yegor ceased his steady humping and pulled his immense cock from Agafya's pussy. Fem-lube and pre-cum oozed from the grey skinned warrior's still gaping fuck-hole and glistened wetly on the darker skin of Yegor's turgid shaft. Yegor turned and held out a silver clawed hand to the relatively tiny blonde barbarian. Hedda shook the offered hand and marvelled at how the coal coloured paw engulfed her own entirely. Yegor smiled widely.

"Hello, small one," said Yegor. "Friend tell me you want to fuck troll."

Hedda's head swirled with goblin brew and her cunt dripped. She couldn't take her eyes off the huge phallus before her.

"Uh, yeah," she murmured. "That sounds nice."

Behind Yegor, Agafya had dropped to her knees and Jon had gotten into position behind her. Holding his massive pink shaft with both hands, the alchemically endowed barbarian was feeding it into the troll's damp pussy. As the brown haired shieldbearer seated his schlong inside Agafya's welcoming cunt, Yegor sat down with his back against the wall, legs parted slightly, his huge, smooth balls resting on the ground and his black, glistening column of a cock standing proudly erect.

"Come then," he said in his rumbling baritone. "We mate."

Hedda peeled off her jerkin and kilt and placed her feet on either side of Yegor's hips, mashing her pale tits against his face as she did so. Strands of her arousal dripped from her hungry twat to coat the hefty slab of meat below it. Eyes half closed in anticipation, Hedda lowered herself down until her cunt-lips caressed the bulbous, blunt head of Yegor's manhood. The blood of trolls ran cold and Hedda gasped at the touch of the smooth, cool skin as the troll cock pushed at the entrance to her twat.

"Oh gods, that feels different!" she exclaimed.

Jon smiled at Hedda while he began rhythmically humping Agafya's cock-hole, "I know, right?"

Shuddering with pleasure, Hedda pushed downwards and marvelled as her cunt-lips stretched beyond what she thought possible as Yegor's tremendous girth slid into her moist depths. The feeling was almost indescribable. Her loins burned hot with the magic of goblin alchemy and inflamed lust, contrasting exquisitely with the stone-like coolness of the troll's phallus. She could feel the immense tool pulse and throb as her pliant cunny wrapped tightly around it. Her legs gave out as she bottomed out on the engorged obsidian shaft; the pale, sweat beaded skin of her ample buttocks coming to rest just above the troll's heavy, smooth ballsack.

"Kamik gol traga nak'dath, grok k'tam troll gol!" exclaimed Yegor, slipping into the troll-tongue as his cock was engulfed by the heat of Hedda's cunt. Agafya shot the big male a dirty look.

"What did he say?" asked Jon without breaking the rhythm of his enthusiastic humping.

"He say her cunt feel so hot and tight, it better than troll cunt," explained the grey skinned woman.

"That bastard!" proclaimed Jon, his hips slapping against Agafya's large ass. "Well, I think your cunt feels fantastic."

Agafya laughed and arched her back, thrusting her butt backwards in time with Jon's heavy thrusts. The barbarian grinned and gripped her smooth asscheeks in his comparatively tiny hands, his fingers sinking into the gleaming grey flesh as he pulled them apart and watched his enhanced, turgid shaft pump in and out of the troll's spread twat. 

Meanwhile, Yegor had taken the initiative and had slid his arms under Hedda's parted legs to envelop her own ass in his massive clawed hands. Gripping her cheeks tightly, the huge male easily lifted the small woman up before lowering her back down his engorged length. Before long he was fucking the blonde barbarian's stretched cunt vigorously, the impact of each thrust causing her buttcheeks to quiver and jiggle as they slapped against his thighs.

"I -uh- dunno -uh- Jon," said Hedda as she was fucked steadily by the huge, coal-black dong, "I -uh- could get -uh- used to -uh- a cock -uh- like this."

"Now they're both being mean," complained Jon to the troll he was mounting.

"It ok. We show them," said Agafya, pulling her cunt off Jon's ponderous erection with a wet slurp. She turned to lie on her back and spread her legs in the air above her. "Mate my ass, human."

"Oh, that's right, Hedda," said Jon, grinning ruefully as he positioned his swollen glans at the wrinkled skin marking the entrance to Agafya's anal passage, "the goblin brew only works on dicks and cunts. Too bad eh? I know how much you like a bit of buggery."

Hedda stuck her tongue out at her shieldbearer as she watched him push his massive prick into Agafya's rectum. The troll woman growled in approval as her ass filled with the barbarian's hot cock-meat. In response, Yegor picked up Hedda's tiny form and got to his feet. Huge cock still ensconced in her gaping quim, the hulking male turned her around until she was facing away from him, his huge hands wrapped around her tiny waist. Arms and legs now hanging in the air, Hedda swooned as the massive troll began pumping her along the length of his monumental phallus, using her like a human cock-sleeve. Her juices squirted from her cunt to shower the ground as a powerful orgasm tore through her.

Beside them, Agafya reached upwards and grabbed Jon to pull him down into a rough embrace. The barbarian's head was quickly enveloped in the troll warrior's ample cleavage while his hips rose and fell, humping his cock into her cool, tight asshole frantically. Jon felt a flood of cold liquid splash against him and the muscles of Agafya's ass contracted tightly around his entombed member as the troll came hard from their frenetic sodomy. The cold, wet pressure around his cock was intensely pleasurable and the brown haired warrior grit his teeth with the effort of prolonging the exquisite experience of ass-fucking the statuesque troll woman. He could not hold out for long. As Agafya milked his engorged prick with her sphincter, he could feel the orgasm building in his loins and creeping its way up the length of his penis. With a bellow, he started to cum, pumping torrid ropes of seed into the troll's anus until it overflowed and his sloppy jism began spurting from where her tight ring of muscle was wrapped around his throbbing member.
