 Chapter 6 - Dayna

The slate stones of the road were cold and slick with the slimy rain that steadily poured from the dark grey and purple clouds that filled Dayna's vision. The touch of the cool, goo-covered stone sent a shiver up her bare back. The elven mage bit her lip, wondering how it had come to this, as she raised and spread her legs, exposing her quim to the shaggy, brown furred beastman who was squatting on his digitigrade legs, stroking his long, thin cock to full hardness. Beneath the goat-like phallus, his large, furred nutsack swung heavily.

Dayna glanced around from her position on the ground to see that the beastman wasn't the only demonic creature enjoying the show. Her impish familiar Gomp had his rampant erection in hand as well and was stroking it furiously. Beside him stood another black furred beastman, leering at her naked form, as his own bestial cock throbbed and swelled in his grip. The audience was completed by the towering presence of the two female beastmen, both grinning obscenely at the mage's predicament, and the incubus and succubus sibling pair of Keira and Keiran. As Dayna's gaze fell on the incestuous demons, Keira winked a glowing orange eye at the elf while her brother, standing behind her, reached his obsidian skinned arms around his sister's torso to grope and squeeze her monumental breasts.

The elven mage's resigned sigh at her situation was cut off by a gasp as she felt the beastman between her legs prod his turgid schlong at the folds of her pussy before starting to push into her. The erotically charged display the incestuous demons had put on for the duration of the journey to Habernalle's castle had left her dripping wet and the bestial demon's cock slid into her sopping tunnel with ease. Dayna was thankful - the goat-like appearance of the beastman's cock meant it was relatively thin, but on a demon over seven feet tall, a relatively thin cock was still one that filled the elf's cunt impressively.

The tapered phallus slid exquisitely past Dayna's wet labia until the beastman's coarse pelvic fur mashed against her erect clit. The warmth radiating from the slick cockmeat and the sublime sensation of her needy quim getting finally filled caused a satisfied moan to escape the elf's lips. She flushed with embarrassment while her demonic audience cheered.

"Give em a good show, boss!" shouted Gomp.

"Darling, if you think that cock is good, you should have tried my brother's," whispered the succubus. "You missed out, my dear."

Once his member was fully entombed in the elf's sopping cunt, the goat man leaned forward, his muscled bulk looming over the mage's much smaller frame, and wrapped Dayna in a rough hug. Holding her nude body against him, he rolled to the side until Dayna was on top of him, straddling his waist, her tits mashed against his slime-slick chest and her ass raised. His black furred comrade's hooves clopped loudly on the slate flagstones and a flutter of apprehension tickled Dayna's ribs as she watched over her shoulder while the other male beastman squatted down behind her exposed ass. The black furred demon hoarked a gob of viscous spit into his mouth and lewdly let it drip into the cleft of her buttocks before smearing it over the rosebud of her anus with the swollen head of his cock.

"Aw, boss, how come you never let me in there?" jeered Gomp.

"Shut up, Gomp!" shouted Dayna as she felt the beastman start to push the pointed head of his dick past her sphincter. A strange, inhuman lust had smothered the flame of nervousness and the mage was straining to maintain her composure as her body was used to sate the carnal needs of the two bestial creatures.

As the beastman's rigid erection pushed into her anus he leaned forward and pressed his muscled chest against the slime covered skin of the elf's back. Squashed between the massive bulk of the two demon soldiers, Dayna felt burning waves of desire course through her veins. Each inch of rampant, pulsing cock-meat that slid past her sphincter and pushed into her ass sent intense tingles of pleasure radiating through her limbs. With her stomach and tits mashed against the solidly muscled torso of the demon below her and body almost crushed by the weight of the demon above her, Dayna felt used and helpless and incredibly aroused. Her body shook and shuddered as a chain of small orgasms ricocheted through it and a loud, undulating moan jumped from her mouth.

"You go, girl!" exclaimed Keira.

"Elf girl can't haaandle puny beastmaaan cock," said one of the watching female guards.

"She so tiny, squaaashed between two puny maaales," agreed the other.

The two goat-like guards began to pump their hips in unison, the coarse fur of their thighs rubbing roughly over the skin of the sandwiched elf. The sensation of their alternating strokes sawing in and out of her stuffed holes was intense. Dayna could feel their cocks rubbing against each other through the thin layer of her flesh that separated her ass and pussy. As they humped her, the elf could also feel their demonic dicks leaking a steady flow of hot, slimy pre-cum into her thoroughly filled orifices. Each thrust of their furred haunches caused another wave of pleasure to crash through her, radiating from her abused nethers out to her limbs, making her toes curl, her fingers clench and her mouth hang open. Another burst of orgasms rippled through the elf - her body, sandwiched between the rutting beasts, quivered and convulsed while her pussy and asshole, stuffed with engorged demon-cock, spasmed and contracted around the pistoning meat that was pistoning into them.

Eyes crossed as her body rocked with pleasure, Dayna didn't even notice as Gomp sidled up to her and slipped his rock-hard penis into her slack-jawed mouth. Lost to the depravity of being mated by two beastmen and the unnatural lust that was fogging her mind, the mage simply began to suck on the veiny shaft as it slipped past her lips.

"Oh, fuck, yesssss!" moaned the imp as his ostensible master began to slurp on his throbbing tool.

Behind him, Keira had arched her back, spread her legs and had guided her brother's smooth, obsidian skinned phallus into her own ass. The sibling pair lazily began fucking as they watched the elven mage get thoroughly debased.

"A shame that elf turned us down, sister dearest, but have I ever mentioned how delightful your ass feels wrapped around my cock?" queried Keiran.

"Why, I think you may have mentioned it just last time you buggered me," came the reply. "She does look like she's having fun, but nothing can compare to your perfection, my love. She doesn't know what she's missing."

The two female guards were idly fondling themselves, groping at their own pendulous breasts while massaging their clits with their clawed fingers.

"Maaay haaave to get a hellhound to service us aaafter this," said one as she tugged viciously on a pierced nipple.

On the ground at their feet, Dayna was a mess. Orgasm after orgasm pulsed through her while the two beastmen shagged her asshole and cunt vigorously. Unable to focus enough to keep sucking on the cock in her mouth, she lay limply, sandwiched and cumming incessantly, between the two heaving, muscled demons while her familiar gripped the sides of her head and fucked her mouth with short, frantic thrusts, desperate to finish before his master came out of the lust induced fog she was lost in. As he thrust his crimson skinned cock in and out of the warm, wet confines of her mouth, he looked up to see a tall, looming figure approaching through the courtyard on the other side of the portcullis. The towering form was surrounded by an entourage of relatively smaller but only slightly less imposing figures.

Realizing fun-time may soon come to an end, Gomp quickened his pace until he felt his balls tighten and his cock swell. He let out a sound halfway between a moan and a shout of glee as his thick cum surged into his master's mouth and she instinctively began to swallow it. The happy imp pulled his cock free to shoot the last few ropes of his orgasm across his master's face and hair. The beastmen had apparently noticed the approaching figure as well, and both had quickened their pace. Even in her stupor of arousal and pleasure, Dayna could feel their bestial shafts swell and a momentous final orgasm hammered through her as both beastmen ejaculated at the same time. Spurt after spurt of hot, sloppy seed pulsed into her well-used anal passage and gaping cunt. The two goat men grunted and bellowed as their cocks erupted, both thrusting hard and fucking their cum into the elf's pleasure wracked body until ropes of pallid, glistening jizz oozed and squirted out from the narrow gaps between the skin of their pistoning shafts and her stretched sphincter and pussy-lips.

As the portcullis groaned and clanked its way upwards, the demons hurriedly clambered off the elven mage, leaving her lying on the flagstones with demonic seed dripping from her well-fucked holes. The female guards ceased their masturbation to stand at an approximation of attention. Only the siblings Keira and Keiran kept up their languid sodomy while they watched the approach of the gargantuan figure. 

Feeling like she'd just cum a thousand times over, Dayna groggily looked up from the slimy slate road upon which she lay. Her eyes slowly travelled upwards, taking in a massive pair of black hooves, more digitigrade, black scaled legs, the swinging, flared head of a hose-like horse cock backed by two coconut sized gonads, the chiseled, shiny black skin of a set of statuesque abs, two hugely muscled arms folded across a pair of broad, black skinned bulging pectorals, a corded column of a neck and the most gorgeous male visage she had ever laid eyes upon. Two glowing blue eyes looked down upon her, set on either side of a slightly hooked, noble nose and surmounted by a brow that screamed of a wiseness beyond years. Flowing white locks from which a pair of curling black goat horns protruded framed the handsome face.

Duke Habernalle had arrived. He smiled down at the cum-drenched elf at his feet.

"May I present Dayna Undreya Te'alor, mage of Drasich, your majesty," Gomp managed to get the whole sentence out before collapsing into gales of laughter. He knew he'd pay for it later, but couldn't help himself.

The elven mage picked herself up and bowed deeply to the Duke of Hell, hair still plastered to her neck with slime-rain and her familiar's ejaculate while a steady trickle of beastman discharge oozed from her ass and pussy.

"Uh, greetings, your highness," said Dayna, "you seem to have caught me in a somewhat unpresentable state. If you don't mind, m'lord, I would like to cast a small spell to clean myself up and put my clothes back on. Your guards demanded a steep entry fee."

"Dayna? We have met before, I believe. Twelve years ago, I think," said the duke, pleasantly, "Of course, make yourself comfortable, but don't do anything on my account - I find your current appearance quite... delectable."

"All the same, sir, I would feel more at ease once cleaned and clothed," said the mage as she weaved a small cantrip that cleaned and dried her hair and skin. She then turned to face Gomp.

"My clothes, you little shit."

The imp ceased his laughter and retrieved his boss' clothing from the small handcart while attempting and failing to look contrite. Once she had covered herself and regained her composure, she turned to face the imposing duke again.

"Well, Dayna, what can a lowly Duke of Hell do for you?" said the duke in his rich, deep voice.

"I was hoping we could talk, m'lord. I had some questions I think you may be able to answer."

"Of course - you have paid enthusiastically for an audience, I cannot refuse. Please, let us retire indoors and out of this ghastly rain," said Habernalle as he turned to lead the group across the courtyard.

Dayna followed the cloven hoofed behemoth, surrounded by his hellish entourage, while Gomp dragged the cart along behind her. The beastmen guards returned to their posts at the gate and Keira and Keiran hovered along, wings flapping lazily, beside the duke's group, the incubus' cock still buried in his sister's voluminous backside. The walk across the courtyard provided Dayna with an opportunity to examine the myriad collection of demons that made up the Duke's court; incubi and succubi of varying appearance walked and flew around her - all naked, all dripping with overripe sexuality, while large hellhounds stalked ahead of the group, some on four legs, some on six, some scaled, some furred, a few with multiple heads. Faint flickers of flame licked from their maws and their tails lashed slowly through the air. Flanking the duke walked what Dayna took to be his bodyguards; four giant sized grigori - demons of war with faces that bore no features but for two unblinking eyes, human in form but ten feet tall with skin that was grey and textured as stone. The copulating twins that hovered beside Dayna were not alone in their wanton display - many of the gathered beings were engaged in obscene displays of lust and fornication. In the courtyard itself were numerous other lusty demons - one corner was occupied by a writhing mass of imps that were currently swarming over a couple of female beastmen, their oversized cocks pumping into any available hole or crevice, while in another corner a few satyrs indolently lounged, swilling wine from perversely huge goblets as a rakshasi, tiger striped fur gleaming wetly in the slimy rain, lapped at their immense, exposed shafts with her cat-like tongue. From one of the many windows looking into the square leaned a nagi, peering with curiosity at the procession, her large, white scaled breasts jiggling to the rhythm of something unseen within the keep thumping into her rear. The air reeked of lust and sex and Dayna's pussy tingled as she felt another gob of demonic spunk ooze from her anus.

The keep's black iron doors were swung inwards by two serpentine naga guards to reveal a hall of truly immense proportions. Wide grey and white marbled columns stretched from floor to lofty ceiling, each adorned with red velvet drapery fringed in golden tassels. A lush, deep crimson carpet that matched the hanging drapes was laid out from the door to a dais surmounted by an imposing throne at the other end of the magnificent hall. Behind the pillars flanking the main procession were more towering columns and Dayna could only just make out the walls of the massive room in the dim light cast by tremendous gilded chandeliers that hung high from the vaulted ceiling. In every direction were scattered clusters of various comfortable looking couches, chairs, chaise-longues and mounds of pillows upon which an entire bestiary of demon-kind lounged, talking, observing and fucking in equal measure.

As the group approached the throne, the various members and hangers-on of the Duke's entourage peeled off until only Habernalle, his four grigori, Dayna and her party remained. Habernalle sprawled comfortably across the immense throne, propping his chin against a balled fist while a comfortable chair was brought over by two imps for the elven mage to sit upon. The grigori took up flanking posts at the corners of the dais, their stoic demeanor unchanged. The succubus Keira lay down on her side against the carpeted steps of the platform with Keiran behind her, his arm draped over his sister's hourglass waist, hand nonchalantly groping a tit. The twin demons casually continued to rut, the succubus moaning quietly and the incubus grunting softly, as they observed the proceedings. Gomp stood beside Dayna's chair, his eyes darting as he took in the magnificence of his surroundings and the deliciously perverse performances of the inhabitants.

Once Dayna was seated, the duke addressed her, "It is truly a pleasure to have a visitor. Can I get you anything? Food? Drink? An imp to service you?"

"Thank you, m'lord," replied the mage as she strove to ignore the desire that was rising once more in her loins, "but I was hoping to ask you a few questions."

"Please, none of this m'lord business. I try to run an informal court," smiled the duke, "call me Habernalle."

"Of course, Habernalle," continued Dayna. "As I'm sure you know, I'm an avid student of the realms and those that dwell within-"

"I could tell by that little display at the gatehouse," said Habernalle, grinning salaciously.

"Yes, ahem, well, back at the university we have heard of... changes, shall we say, occurring within the realms. I was wondering if you could tell me more about what's going on. I'm writing a dissertation on the politics of the realms, you see," explained Dayna.

"Are we the subject of a research paper?" the duke scoffed, and a chuckle broke out among the nearby demons. "You have visited the realms before, you know how this works - what do you offer in trade for this information?"

"I paid the toll to your guards, was that-"

"You paid for an audience and you have one now," interrupted the Duke. "Now you ask for more. This requires further payment."

Dayna turned to rummage through the cart, "I have items of power-"

"I need none of your petty trinkets... no, there's something else you may offer that I would have," murmured the Duke, his eyes travelling the length of the elven mage's body as she turned to face the throne.

The elf's eyes fell on the monstrous phallus resting half-hard between the demon's thighs. As wide and as long as a warrior's arm, even as she observed it the flared, horse-like cock pulsed and throbbed as it hardened. The elf's quim moistened at the sight.

"Habernalle... I'm flattered... but surely there are others in your court more... capable... of satiating you?"

"It has been an age since I tasted a mortal's garden," said the demon lord, voice dripping honey, "Lend me yours and I shall tell you what you need to know."

Dayna was sorely tempted. Desire flooded her body and clouded her mind like an intoxicating fog. Her words slipped from her mouth haltingly, "It... will... never... fit..."

The Duke of Hell reached hand hand out to the elven mage and Dayna's feet unconsciously stepped toward the throne.

Habernalle's voice caressed her ears, "I live in lust and dwell in desire - just a taste of me will give you the ability to experience what you crave. In exchange, the knowledge you seek awaits."

The mage's feet had betrayed her and she found herself reaching out to the offered hand. The Duke drew her towards him until his engorged length throbbed before her eyes. A bead of clear pre-cum oozed from the tip of the tumescent shaft and Dayna leaned towards it, lips parted. The elf reached out with her tongue to tentatively taste the Duke's immense organ.

As her tongue made contact with heavy drop of liquid a strange shiver passed through the mage's body, travelling from her tongue down her spine to tingle in her arse and cunt. Dayna reached up to grip the Duke's veiny shaft with both hands, her fingers barely able to wrap around the girthy cock. Hefting the weighty slab to her lips, the elf stretched her mouth across the demon's wide flare and slathered her tongue across the smooth surface. The wide cock-head was too large to fit in her mouth but the mage continued to caress and tease the mighty organ with her lips as she worked the shaft with both hands. She was rewarded for her efforts as a steady trickle of sweet pre-cum pumped languidly into her mouth.

Behind the fellating elf, Keiran watched through half closed eyes while he continued to sodomize his panting sister. Gomp, eyes wide as saucers, had begun masturbating once more and the varied demons that made up the Duke's court had fallen into a debauched orgy. Only the grigori stood motionless, dutifully guarding their lord.

"You do well, sweet mortal," murmured the Duke, "My magic should have achieved the desired effect. Take a seat and ask your questions."
