 Chapter 11 - Mila

Mila awoke to the wet sensation of Alagar's slobbery tongue upon her cheek. Groggily she opened her eyes to the morning sun that was bathing the beach in warm rays as it began to peak over the mountains to the east. Alagar sat back on his haunches and panted happily. Behind her she could hear the soft snores of Grotag. The threesome had apparently fallen asleep by the water after their frenzied rutting and as Mila shifted to lean upon her crooked elbow she realized the bulky orc's arm was still wrapped around her and his hefty penis was still nestled deep in her anus. She could feel the remnants of his prodigious quantities of seed squelching inside her stuffed rear.

Alagar turned in a circle and sniffed the air deeply, pointing his muzzle in the direction of the trees. The pair's years of companionship enabled Mila to read his movements like speech and she knew right away that he desired to seek out the nearby Warg pack Grotag had mentioned the night before. Mila nodded and smiled at Alagar, who woofed softly in reply before trotting off towards the trees.

Left to her own devices with a muscled, well endowed orc at her mercy, the green-skinned woman smiled a mischievous grin. She knew that Kalliya would want to view the tribe's artifact today, but it was still early and she had some time to kill. The proper fucking she'd gotten the night before would have left most other humanoids sore, but her orcish constitution served her well and Mila slowly began squeezing her round ass down on the flaccid slab of cock-meat inside it. The residue of Grotag's cum from their nocturnal encounter had left his tool slick and smooth and as the female greenskin contracted the muscles of her buttocks and milked the hefty organ she felt it throb and harden. Before long, the girthy phallus was rigid and hot in her ass and Mila began to gently buck her hips backwards and forwards, raising a leg as she did so and moving her hand downwards to massage her hardening clit.

Grotag's cock was immense, the sensation of it sliding slickly in and out of her stretched sphincter was exquisite, and soon Mila was fucking herself onto it with a quickening tempo, her fingers working frantically at her pleasure button. In response to her increased pace, she heard Grotag moan from behind her and his huge hand moved from where it was draped over her waist to cup one of her ample tits and pinch her dark green, diamond hard nipple between his thumb and forefinger.

{Good morning}, rumbled the barrel chested orc.

{Greetings}, grunted Mila, not breaking her rhythm.

Grotag rolled over until the massive bulk of his body was pressing Mila down into the ground, moving his ankles over hers and spreading her legs wide while sliding his other hand under her arm so that both were kneading and manhandling her hefty breasts. After shifting from their spooning position to one where he was mounting her, the huge orc warrior began humping his pelvis up and down, his hips slapping against the olive green skin of her asscheeks. The meaty smacking sound and their pleasure filled grunts soon filled the morning air and Mila could feel his heavy balls slap against her hand as she frantically rubbed her pussy. 

Thoroughly pinioned by the bulk of the male mounting her and her asshole full of delicious, hot cock, Mila orgasmed quickly. Her muscles tensed and corded, her cunt spasmed and squirted cream and she bit her bottom lip hard as she groaned with pleasure. The incredible tightness caused by his mate's muscles clenching in pleasure pushed Grotag over the edge and he joined Mila in orgasm, hugging her tightly against his broad chest, hands squeezing her titflesh almost painfully as his engorged tool began spurting rope upon rope of pearly white jism deep into her bowels. As he came, Grotag thrust his hips in short, urgent movements, fucking his cum into Mila's welcoming arse.

Their quick morning fuck complete, the pair washed in the river and made their way back up to the village and into the Pa where they joined Pointer, Kalliya, Kami, Chief Trabba and a few guards. The chief and the guards were naked, but for their warpaint and the belts and straps that held their weapons, so Mila felt no need to retrieve her own clothes from her room despite a raised eyebrow from Kalliya and an appreciative half grin from the silent elf. The chief informed the group that they would now travel to the place where the artifact was kept and the small procession set off back down through the village. As they walked, Mila could feel a trickle of sloppy cum ooze from her well-fucked ass to slide down the inside of her thigh, but, just as she was wondering if anyone would notice her wiping it away, Grotag, who was walking beside her, reached down and gave her ass a hearty squeeze while grinning broadly at her. Mila smiled back while shrugging inwardly. If these orcs don't care, she thought, why should I?

The Chief led the procession through the humid forest for about a mile until they came to a small hummock into which a passage had been dug. The entrance was framed by huge flagstones and two massive orcs stood on either side of it, each leaning on a vicious looking glaive. They were older orcs, their skin dark green with age and covered with a latticework of scars and the now familiar red paint. Both inclined their heads towards Trabba as she approached before standing aside to let the party through.

The air grew blessedly cool as they descended the rough hewn stone steps inside the hill and Mila felt her nipples harden as the pleasant cold caressed them. The way was lit by sputtering torches and, after they had walked downwards almost a hundred paces, the earthen walls gave way to stone. Eventually the passage levelled out and widened until it came to a huge set of stone carved doors. Two more veteran orcs stood guard beside them. At the chief's direction they turned and pushed the doors inwards.

Beyond the doors was a grand cavern, originally naturally formed but subsequently widened and refined. Torches hung against the walls and more stood on tall wooden stands near the centre of the room where they surrounded a stone carved pedestal. Around the pedestal stood four more hulking guards. As impressive as the space was, however, the melon sized jewel on the plinth stole all the grandeur from the cavern and all the attention of the visitors. Multifaceted and shimmering with a slight blue tinge, the crystal was a marvel to behold. Even Pointer's normally stoic demeanour was betrayed as he raised both eyebrows in awe.

"This is our holy stone," said Trabba, "taken by right of battle many years ago when we slew the beast that was the Empire. This is what you wanted to see, yes?"

Kalliya was speechless. She took a step towards the stone. The four orc guards responded in one fluid motion, levelling their glaives at the mage.

"You may go no closer!" commanded Trabba. 

Kalliya raised her hands and stepped back. "Sorry! I understand completely."

The mage drew out a notebook and began walking around the large crystal, scribbling notes all the while. Pointer simply sat down and crossed his legs, seemingly content to sit in the cool gloom and observe the massive jewel. Mila found the stone beautiful and made an attempt to gauge its worth, but when she tried to factor in its obviously magical nature, the figure she came up with ended up with such a staggering number of zeros tacked onto it that she gave up and headed over to where chief Trabba stood.

Trabba nodded at her approach. {You travel in strange company,} she said. {Why are you not with your tribe?}

{My tribe is scattered. There was a squabble over leadership,} replied Mila. She recalled the night that fighting had broken out in her tribe's village; their chief had proven weak, his leadership, or lack thereof, had resulted in conflict with a nearby dwarven enclave. After her tribe's warriors had received a thrashing at the hands of a well organized and disciplined force of dwarven soldiers, the Chief had submitted to the dwarves and offered a number of his people as hostages and indentured servants. This was not an unusual custom for the region, but when the chief refused to resign his position and submit to servitude as well nor hand over any of his close family as hostages and servants, as was the tribe's custom, there was significant unrest and discord among the orcs. Mila's mother had been one of the tribe members selected to be handed over and her father had been furious, not that his mate was to be a hostage - this was customary - but at the chief's cowardice, and had demanded that the chief step down. Challenges were made and there was to be a duel in the morning, but that night the chief and his cronies struck. Mila's mother and father had died before the door of their house and Mila herself was wounded terribly, but the timely appearance of Alagar and a few of her father's friends had turned the fight. The casualties had been terrible, however, and the morning sun rose on a village devastated and depopulated. The few remaining orcs disbanded and moved on to forge what they could in the way of a new life. Many had joined other clans, but Mila, with Alagar at her side, chose the life of a mercenary.

{A terrible tale,} said Trabba. {A weak chief is truly a blight on their people.} Trabba gave Mila an appraising look before continuing. {Grotag is a strong warrior. You have much strength to have defeated him. Should you seek a tribe to join, we would have you.}

{I am honoured, Chief of the Redtooth,} said Mila. {The life of a mercenary suits me at the moment, but should I tire of the road, I may take you up on that offer.}

They were interrupted at that moment by Kalliya. "Thank-you, Chief Trabba, for your generosity in permitting me to examine your holy stone. I have many questions if you have the time and inclination to answer them."

"We shall go back to the village then, and I shall try to answer your questions," responded Trabba.

The group returned to the Pa and the chief had food brought while Kalliya began her inquiries. Mila joined them for the meal, but left once she had eaten and drunk her fill while the mage continued interminably, quizzing Trabba on what seemed to be inconsequential historical minutiae. The warg rider walked over to where Pointer sat and asked him if he was up for some practice sparring. The elf nodded his acquiescence and shortly the two were standing in a small clearing behind the Pa, weapons in hand. 

The elf was still stripped to the waist and his pale, scarred skin gleamed under the midday sun. He had unclipped his writing slate from his belt and laid it to one side and was now swishing his black steel estoc through the air as he warmed up. Across the sun-baked earth, Mila stood at the ready, naked but for her boots and baldric. A trickle of sweat crept its way down between her heavy, bare breasts. "Ready?" she questioned the lean swordsman. She could see a large bulge at the crotch of his tight black trousers and wondered if her naked body was distracting the normally single-minded elf.

Pointer simply nodded and dropped his sword point low, approaching the greenskin at an angle that forced her to rotate to the left. Mila guessed he was testing her footwork, hoping to get her to misstep and catch her with legs crossed before he made his attack. She raised her blade above her head, point towards her attacker, taking the ox stance and trusting gravity to lend her parry speed when Pointer made his inevitable thrust. She side-stepped to her right to counter the elf's angled approach.

Sure enough, once he was in range, Pointer lunged forward and thrust low at Mila's inner right thigh. The orc dropped her sword downwards, catching his blade on the left side and sweeping it out to the right of his body. She stepped forward quickly, her sword producing a steely rasp against his as she ran it up towards his quillons, planning to shoulder-check the pale elf. Pointer was too fast, however, and he danced nimbly to his right, letting Mila's momentum carry her past him while sweeping his blade down, around, and then slashing towards her back.

He was fast, but Mila had fought many opponents both quick and strong, and she was ready for his evasive maneuver. Twisting at the waist as she was carried into the elf's former position, she lashed out with a strike that rose upwards from the ground and caught his blade on the way up to bring both weapons skywards. She heaved her elbow, now slightly above Pointer's left shoulder, out and down to jab its point into the base of his neck. The orc didn't put all of her considerable strength into the blow - had she done that, the elf may have ended up with a broken collarbone - but the strike was enough to elicit a whoof of expelled air from Pointer's lungs, and he reeled backwards before dropping to the ground on his back. He knew the orc had pulled her hit and played along with what the result of such a strike would have been if she hadn't held back. Mila brought her sword down to level it at Pointer's chest, but before she could complete the movement her legs were swept from under her as the lithe elf rolled to his right and kicked out at the back of the orc warrior's knees en route.

Pointer watched as Mila dropped her blade to arrest her fall with both hands and quickly pushed himself back to his feet as Mila made to retrieve her sword. His assumption was mistaken, however - she didn't try to recover her blade. It may have been what another elven duellist would have done, but the greenskin had faith in her strength and instead launched herself towards Pointer in a low flying tackle. Her shoulder caught the elf in the pit of his stomach as he stood, leaving him breathless and bowling him over to land on the dirt with a heavy thump. The hilt of his estoc skittered from his grasp and he found himself pinned underneath the muscular orc woman, her chest mashed against his crotch. He tried to scramble backwards out of her grasp, but she simply heaved herself forwards to land flat against his chest, her hands wrapped around his neck.

"Looks like I win," said Mila, grinning at Pointer, face inches away from his. Her sweaty, nude body was pressed against his and she could feel his substantial bulge prodding into her naked loins. It must have been difficult to fight with that bulk restricting his movement, she thought.

The lean, scarred elf simply returned the orc's toothy grin and glanced down the length of their bodies. Mila felt something that wasn't the elf's semi-hard cock poke into the flesh just below her ribs and glanced downwards as well. In their brief scuffle, Pointer had managed to draw a long poignard from his boot and now held the point against Mila's skin.

She laughed and released her stranglehold on the elf's throat. "Well, shit. A tie then. Good fight." Unable to resist the opportunity to tease the normally stoic elf, she sat up, legs still straddling his crotch, and bucked her hips a little to grind her exposed cunt against the front of his pants. Pointer's grin became a lopsided smirk and Mila was surprised when she felt both his hands grip her bare buttocks and give them a hearty squeeze.

"Hmmm... Feeling a bit frisky after getting slapped around by a strong orc woman, are we?" she said, a mischievous twinkle coming to her eye.

Pointer's response was to give her asscheeks another strong squeeze.

Mila stood up and offered a hand to her supine sparring partner. "C'mon then. A good fight always leaves me a bit randy too."

The two sweaty fighters walked back around the Pa to the main entrance. Inside, Trabba had apparently grown a little bored with Kalliya's unending flow of questions and had summoned some burly orc warriors to attend her while she answered the mage. The chief was leaning back in her throne, legs spread, while one of her bodyguards kneeled before her, his tongue lashing at her cunny. Like any good host, the older orc woman had clearly offered similar refreshments to her guest and Kalliya was leaning against the end of the long table in front of the throne, her tunic hiked up above her hips, while another burly orc slurped enthusiastically at her cunt. The attentions of the two muscled orc guards seemed not to affect either woman's ability to speak, however, and, as Pointer and Mila walked past on their way to the guest quarters, the mage was still directing questions at the orc chief.

"Not a bad way to make a boring conversation about ancient history a little more interesting," remarked Mila as she and Pointer entered her room.

Mila pulled her boots off as Pointer did the same and then turned to watch with an appraising eye as the elf dropped his pants. While not as girthy as an orc's, the cock that sprang from his lowered trousers was certainly appealing to the lusty greenskin. Long and lean like the elf himself, Pointer's phallus pulsed semi-erect before him. Mila smiled appreciatively as she took in the sinewy muscles and scarred skin of the elven thief - something about a body that was well tempered and had seen plenty of battle aroused a keen hunger in the orc woman's loins and she stepped up to her silent comrade, pressing her glistening green skin against his pale flesh while wrapping her fingers around his long shaft. With a few, cursory strokes she nursed the cock in her hands to full hardness. As she did so, Pointer reached out to grasp one of her large tits with both hands and brought the dark green, rock hard nipple that capped it to his lips. He ran his tongue over the stiff nub and then gently bit down on the aroused teat before moving his hands over to its twin and repeating the action.

As Pointer teased and groped her hefty bosom, Mila spread her legs and rubbed the swollen head of his cock against her moist pussy lips and enflamed clit. The elf certainly was adept and dexterous with his hands and tongue, but after their energetic sparring match, Mila was up for something a little rougher. "C'mon elf, you can do better than that," she murmured. "Slap those orcish titties around a bit."

Her words of encouragement had the desired effect. Pointer squeezed down hard on the orc's ripe boobs, making her sweat-glistening titflesh bulge between his spread fingers. He then pinched her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and pulled on the sensitive nubs. The exquisite pain sent a shiver down Mila's spine that nestled into her cunt and got her juices properly flowing. Gripping her round globes firmly once more, Pointer pulled Mila downwards to her knees and then slapped his tumescent dick into the sweat-lubed valley of her cleavage. Picking up on what he wanted, the orc spat onto his cock as he wrapped her massive jugs around his veiny shaft. Then the elf pushed her heaving breasts together and began to fuck his cock in and out of the delectable crevice the two fleshy globes created. Mila watched as Pointers engorged glans poked and then withdrew over and over from her slick cleavage. Clear, sloppy pre-cum was soon oozing freely from the tip of his schlong to mix with her sweat and spit, forming an obscene, slippery grease for his pistoning cock. Having her tits used in such a crude fashion caused the flame of lust to burn strongly inside her and Mila's cunt was soon dripping long, clear strands of fem-lube onto the ground between her legs.

"Fuck me! I need you to mount me! Now!" she growled.

Pointer grabbed her roughly and pulled her to her feet. He shoved the aroused orc face first against the wall and pushed her legs apart with his feet. Mila was loving every moment and she could feel her arousal oozing wetly down the inside of her thighs. A moment later she felt the elf's lengthy cock slap upwards against her dripping labia and she involuntarily bucked her round ass backwards, grinding it against Pointer's lean hips. The mute swordsman reached down to grip his engorged phallus and crammed it into her slick fuck-hole. The sensation was rough and obscene and perfectly delectable.
