 Chapter 9 - Dayna

The air in her study reeked with the metallic tang of ozone and the pungent odour of sulfur. Dayna and Gomp had just rematerialized and were standing in the portal circle in the centre of the dark room. The elven mage's cunt and asshole still tingled from the heavy use they'd received during her visit to the outer hells. She directed Gomp to light some candles and put her gear away while she tottered over to the comfortable chair in front of her desk and collapsed into it.

Before she had departed, the Duke had given her a name and a hint of what that individual was searching for. The succubus Gaermeon was seeking a Thaean artifact that would permit her to influence vast numbers of people. Something that would help her spread her influence over a broad geographical area. Dayna turned the puzzle over in her mind. Magical banners and musical instruments abounded, used by numerous armies and mercenary companies to boost the morale and fighting prowess of their soldiers, but these were simple devices, pre-enchanted and lacking the ability to be a conduit for the bearer's will. Enchanted articles of clothing and armour were a possibility - crowns of command, amulets of influence and the like, but Dayna dismissed these too; their range was limited to line of sight, generally, and it would take significant power to make them affect a population to the degree the Duke spoke of. No, it had to be something else. Dayna needed an expert on Thaean artifacts. Luckily, the University of Drasich was just the place to find one. Unfortunately, that meant she would have to visit Professor Fantig.

Professor Fantig was one of the oldest human professors in the university. Head of the Arcane History department, the old man was a despicable lech. Rumours abounded as to his improper methods and complaints from students regarding abuses of his position of power. Regrettably, the old codger knew both his history and how to work the internal politicking of the university. He was tenured and, utilizing an encyclopedic knowledge of the university's regulations, had managed to dodge and downplay the worst of any accusations of improper behaviour. Dayna shuddered at what he would ask for in return for a favour.

The tall elf stood and crossed her study to the door that led to her sleeping quarters. Trying to ignore Gomp's lascivious gaze as she dressed for bed, Dayna grimaced at the thought of meeting with the despicable old teacher. But that would have to wait for tomorrow. With a sigh, the mage climbed under her soft duvet and was quickly shuttled off to sleep in its warm embrace.

"I dunno why you don't like the guy," said Gomp, looking up at his master's glum face. "He seems alright to me."

"That's because you're as bad as he is," said Dayna. The two were walking down the corridor that led to Fantig's personal quarters. "Aren't you glad I don't treat you like he does his own familiar?"

"Yeah, I guess," said the diminutive demon. "Still, she's a rakshasi. Has more tricks up her sleeve than a goblin dice dealer. Probably playing a long con or something, otherwise I dunno how he managed to get her to do those things. You'd never get me like that. I'm too fucking charming. Anyway, you never know with those rakshasi; she might even like it or summink."

They reached the door to Fantig's study. Dayna looked her familiar in the eye. "On your best behaviour or I'll leave you in a cage for a week, okay?"

"Got it boss. No worries."

The elf knocked on the large wooden door.

"Come in," a thin, wheezy voice drawled in reply.

The inside of Fantig's study was cramped. Books lay in piles on the floor, overcrowded bookshelves loomed from the walls and dripping candelabras sputtered and flickered. An strong, sweet scent wafted through the air, like a powerful incense. The professor was seated behind a huge oak desk in the centre of the room, his back to a roaring fire. Despite the summer season, his office was chilly. Dayna's scanning glance lingered on the academic's familiar, who was standing in the corner of the shambolic room.

She was a tall, leopard spotted rakshasi. Her face was feline in appearance, with small, rounded leopard ears perched atop her head. Her eyes were covered with a black leather mask that blocked all sight while a wooden bit was forced between her teeth by a black leather harness locked over her head. Her chest was bare, covered with short fur that was a vibrant yellowish orange and dotted with black ring-like spots that disappeared and faded to pure white over her large breasts and flat stomach. Two erect, black nipples capped the furry orbs, each pierced with a large ring and connected to one another by a steel chain. Her arms were spread by a yoke that was collared to her neck and shackled to her wrists, forcing her to keep her hands raised to shoulder level, elbows at right angles. Her digitigrade legs were encased in black leather boots that covered her paws and extended up to mid thigh. A steel bar ran from one heel to the other, keeping her feet an arm's length apart at all times. Her cunt was bare, labia pierced on both sides with two more large rings in the same style as those that holed her nipples. The labial rings were also connected by a chain, although this one was much shorter than the one that adorned her chest. Clear, viscous liquid slowly dripped from the rakshasi's exposed pussy to spatter on the floor between her spread legs.

Dayna shook her head at the submissive display, but in her stomach the elven mage felt a strong knot of arousal form. She cursed Habernalle's magic.

"Ah, Dayna, is it? A pleasure," said the professor, looking up from his desk and following the elf's gaze to his bound demon. "You'll have to excuse my familiar. A punishment for egregarious failure. I'm sure you understand."

"Professor," nodded Dayna by way of reply.

"So what brings you to my humble neck of the woods?" chuckled the old academic. "I'm sure it's more than just the pleasure of my company."

"I'm doing some research for my thesis, Davill," said Dayna, using the the professor's first name. "I was hoping you could help me identify a Thaean artifact I've heard referenced by description but not by name."

"Really?" said Fantig. "Do tell."

As the two mages talked, Gomp wandered over to the bound rakshasi. The imp stretched out a finger and ran it over the female demon's glistening cunt lips. The leopard spotted creature moaned audibly around her gag, causing the both arcanists to glance back at the source of the disturbance.

"Gomp!" exclaimed Dayna. The imp looked back at her, eyes wide in poorly feigned innocence, his finger in his mouth.

"It's quite alright," murmured Fantig. "She could use some further punishment. Go ahead, imp."

Dayna sighed and tried to ignore the jingle of chains behind her as Gomp made the bound demon shift position. She turned back to face Professor Fantig.

"The artifact was described as something that would be able to extend the innate magical abilities of the user over a wide area," continued the elf, "potentially a geographic region the size of the old empire."

From behind her came the jingle of chains, a wet squelch and another lusty moan. Dayna studiously ignored the distraction, but she could feel her own cunny grow damp. Fantig's lips parted in a lecherous grin.

There was a grinding noise of wood on stone as the old man pushed his chair back from his desk and leaned back. Dayna watched, disgusted and aroused as the professor leaned back and blatantly scratched his groin. The elf could see a heavy bulge under his trousers. She unconsciously licked her lips while cursing Habernalle once more in the confines of her head.

"I think I know what that description is referencing," said Fantig. He clutched his groin suggestively. "But what can you offer me in return? Can't just go around giving out lessons for free, you know. Knowledge must be earned."

"Fucking hells, Davill. Where do you get off?" said Dayna.

"I'm sure I have no idea what you mean," came the impudent reply.

"Alright, fine. I'll jerk your damn cock if you tell me what I need to know," Dayna sighed exasperatedly.

There was another wet squelch, needy moan and the sound of jingling chains behind her.

"Oh! What a kind offer from such a pretty young elf! How decent of you to propose helping an old man out," leered Fantig.

The old professor raised his butt and pulled his pants down to his knees. A gasp escaped Dayna's lips before she could stop it. While the skin of his legs was wrinkled and sagging, the old man's phallus was a work of art. Fully ten inches long, smooth and girthy, the slab of meat seemed to belong to a much younger man. Around its base was a metal cockring, inscribed with runes that glowed like dull embers. Dayna stepped towards the lecherous codger's chair, eyes glued to the magnificent column of male flesh. The elf kneeled beside the sprawling professor, wondering if his cock looked so good because of an illusory glamour, but as she reached out and wrapped her fingers around it she realised it was the real deal. It felt hot in her hand, rigid and hard, the skin silkily smooth to her touch. The young mage felt a wet trickle of fem-lube ooze down her inner thigh. She wondered how she'd managed to forget to put her underwear on that morning.

"You don't seem to know the university's history as well as you know how to stroke a cock, do you?" queried Fantig as Dayna began to service his throbbing erection. "Ah, that's good my dear. Keep wanking it like that."

Dayna ignored the insult while she pumped her fist along the magnificent shaft. On the other side of the old professor's desk, she could see Gomp on his knees behind the Rakshasi. The cat-like demon had her furry tits squashed against the wall. Her tail was wrapped around the imp's neck while his tongue probed her juicy depths. The diminutive demon looked back at his master, the tip of his obscenely long tongue still buried in the female demon's cunt.

"Tathteth tho thucking thweet, both!" said the imp.

"What are you getting at?" said Dayna, addressing her question to Davill. Beneath her univeristy robe, her legs wobbled. She was sure a puddle was forming thanks to the steady stream of arousal that was oozing from her cunt.

"You know the university was founded before the empire existed?"

"Yes."

"Well, the result of so many generations of magic users occupying a single location was that much arcane energy seeped into the very stones," explained the old wizard. Dayna watched as her pumping hand milked a clear bead of pre-cum from the bulbous, dark pink tip of Fantig's monumental phallus. She yearned to lick it up.

"The latent energy 'pooled' in the foundations of the university -Nngh! Fuck yes! Such enthusiasm!- Anyway," continued the professor, "the early Thaean's realised they could make use of this 'reservoir', so to speak, so they built the Omnigarch Tower."

Dayna pulled her lips off the crown of Fantig's dick. She hadn't even realised she'd begun to suck on it. Across the room, Gomp had pulled the rakshasi down to her knees, leaving her restrained upper body propped against the wall. As she watched, the imp spread his legs and pushed his broad, demonic penis into the feline creature's slick twat.

"What does the tower have to do with this artifact?"

"Get your lips back on that cock! I was just about to tell you!" complained Davill. Dayna happily lowered her mouth back to the meaty shaft and began to bob her head up and down. "As I was saying, the ancient Thaeans built the Omnigarch Tower to harness the latent magicks! It was an amazing feat of arcane construction! The very design, layout and materials used were conducive to magic. Not only that, -Oh damn, girl, you are ferocious with your mouth!- where was I?"

"Not only were the tower materials..." said the elf, pulling her mouth from Fantig's delicious organ with some reluctance. The steady stream of pre-cum she was sucking out of it tasted so sweet, but it wasn't enough. Her pussy ached with need.

"Aw hells," she said resignedly, bending over the broad desk and hiking up her robes to present her fem-lube oozing cunt to the amazement of the old professor, "just fucking mount me already."

In front of her, Gomp had begun plowing his oversized member into the rakshasi's twat. His clawed hands grasped the creature's furred waist tightly and her tail was wrapped firmly around his red-skinned hips, pulling him in even as he thrust mightily. The imp was grunting loudly and the rakshasi moaned desperately as they frenetically fucked each other towards climax.

"Well! If you insist!" said Fantig enthusiastically. The old man stood hurriedly and Dayna felt his bulbous glans parting her sopping folds until he pushed into her and her needy cunny was exquisitely filled with his pulsing cock-meat.

"Oh, now that is just divine!" exclaimed the professor, beginning to buck his hips. The cramped office was soon filled with the wet slapping noises of vigorous, frantic rutting.

Dayna slurped up a trickle of drool that was trying to escape the corner of her mouth. Her body, robes bunched over her hips, perky buttocks exposed, was pushed into the oak desk as the randy old professor happily pumped his cock into her sopping cunt.

"You were -uh- saying -uh- something -uh- about -uh- the Om-uh-nigarch -uh- Tower..." said the elf, panting as she was ridden hard.

"Yes, the tower had enchantments cast upon it during construction," explained Fantig. Sweat beaded on his brow as he bred the lust consumed elf's delectable cunt. "They turned it into what is, in effect, a giant wizard's staff!"

"You're saying-"

"Yes, you idiot! The tower is the artifact!"

"Gods -uh- above -uh-, you're -uh- making -uh- me -uh- cummm!" squealed Dayna as her lurking orgasm crawled over her. Goosebumps prickled the skin of her ass and her body trembled. Fantig slowed his pace as the young mage on the end of his cock shuddered in climax. Translucent, sticky fem-cum spurted down the lip of his desk. 

"Fuck me, that felt good!" sighed Dayna, surprising herself with her lewd frankness. Behind her, the old mage persistently continued to rut her ripe quim. "But wait, a staff needs a focussing crystal. And what did they use this giant staff for, anyway?"

"Mmm, your cunt is just sumptuous!" said Fantig. "Do you need me to pull out? I think I might cum soon."

"No, no, it's fine," sighed Dayna as she languished in the blissful sensation of her desperate pussy getting a proper breeding. "Just cum inside me. But what about this crystal and the purpose of it all?"

Fantig's humping took on a more insistant pace, his hips slapping against the cushion of the younger mage's bare asscheeks. 

"It was called the Omnigarch Stone. They used it to communicate and to transport troops to locations where they were urgently needed," said the professor, leaning into the elf's lush booty and gripping the pale flesh tightly in each hand as he nursed himself towards his own climax.

With eyes half closed in satisfaction as she let Fantig make use of her hungry pussy, Dayna lazily observed Gomp bringing himself to orgasm. The small familiar bucked against the restrained body of Fantig's rakshasi, his hips a blur. Suddenly, the wee imp gave a final, mighty thrust and held himself against the female demon's furry body, his cheek pressed to her back. Dayna watched as a flood of thick, syrupy imp jizz oozed past the rakshasi's cunt-lips and down the imp's quivering balls to splatter upon the stone floor.

"Some wild tribe of orcs took the stone, during the sack of Drasich, I think. If you want to find out where it ended up, you'll have to take a look at the archives," said Fantig, his words short and clipped as his orgasm approached. "I'm going to cum in your cunt, now, okay?"

"Yes, I said that's fine," purred Dayna, stunned to hear the words coming out of her mouth. "Go on, old man, fill me up."

Fantig groaned loudly, slamming his hips against her, and Dayna felt his weighty dong jump and pulse in her fuck-hole. A moment later she shuddered through a mini orgasm as a torrent of sloppy seed sloshed into her well-fucked twat. The old man mounting her from behind bucked his hips as he inseminated her tight elven twat. The young mage clenched her cunt around his impressive phallus, milking the final spurts of his seed from his balls. She sighed inwardly even as she relished the warm, pleasing sensation of a cunt-load of cum, wondering what other effects Habernalle's magic would have.

Davill Fantig slumped back into his chair, his huge cock flopping over a thigh. Dayna pushed herself up off his desk, the professor's seed oozing down her leg as she wriggled her robe down over her hips.

"Well, that was productive," sighed the old mage as he watched the young elf adjust her clothes. "Good luck on your thesis. Do come back if you need anything. I'm sure we can work something out."

"Thanks, I suppose," said Dayna, grabbing a cackling Gomp by the ear and dragging him to the door.

The archives of the University of Drasich were situated below the library and held countless tomes describing the history of the ancient institution. Numerous novices and adepts were available to mages seeking to find a specific tome, but the greatest assistance came in the form of Trelisopoles, the head librarian.

Trelisopoles was a beholder; a huge, floating eye surrounded by a veritable forest of tentacles and numerous smaller eyes that waved about on the ends of stalks, Trelisopoles looked demonic to the casual observer, but his kind were actually denizens of the material plane, although they usually lived very secluded lives, deep underground. Beholders, as a species were hermaphroditic, but Trelis, as he preferred to be called by his friends, referred to himself using male pronouns. He was an amiable creature, despite his fearsome appearance, and had an encyclopedic knowledge of the library's contents. His long tentacles and gravity defying form of locomotion further increased his ability to retrieve whatever book was required by a patron. He and Dayna had forged a strong friendship, bookworm that she was.

"Dayna, good to see you," greeted the beholder as the elven mage walked up to his desk. "How goes the thesis?"

"It won't write itself," replied Dayna sardonically. "Say, you wouldn't happen to know where I can find a record of Thaean artifacts taken during the sacking?"

"Hmmm, I think I can help you with that." said the floating eye. He called over an apprentice and issued a few quick directions. The assistant scurried off down the stacks. "C'mon, follow me. He may take some time to get those tomes. Why don't we catch up over a drink in the office?"

Trelis led the young mage down a narrow aisle. Towering stacks loomed over it on either side.

"I heard you were off to the outer realms for some thesis research," said Trelis amiably as he led Dayna to the head librarian's office. "Why this interest in the old empire?" 

"It's a long story," Dayna felt a fresh wave of arousal course through her veins as she watched Trelis' undulating tentacles. She cursed Habernalle again.

"Here we are," said Trelis, opening the large door to his office. "Why don't you fill me in? That acolyte could be some time."

The interior of the librarian's study was neat and well organized. Not a single loose sheaf of paper nor stray book could be seen. Well ordered shelves lined the walls and a large desk sat at the far end of the room. Two comfortable chairs were placed in front of it and Dayna sat down in one as the librarian drifted over behind the desk and opened up a drawer with an adept movement of one of his dexterous appendages.

Dayna couldn't take her eyes off them. The tentacles were of varying lengths, the longest spanning a good eight feet. Quite wide at the base, they tapered to a narrower but blunt point. Each one glimmered wetly in the light coming through the window behind the desk - they constantly secreted a slimy substance that resulted in Trelis having to wear a special sock-like 'glove' on the ends of a few of them for the purposes of handling the library's texts. The slick appendages were prehensile and as Trelis moved they writhed in a strangely alluring manner.
