 Author's note: Well, here we are with the next part of the saga. I tried to give a little bit of insight into Kalliya and Pointer with this part, perhaps with a hint of a story to come. I am also trying to tie the threads of the tale together - hopefully that's working out in an understandable fashion. Also, there's crazy centaur sex and hot elf on orc action, so if that isn't your cup of tea you may not like this one.

*****

Interlude - Kalliya

The boulder was round and smooth, polished so after countless years of slow tumbling within a glacier before the retreating wave of ice had deposited it and a score of its fellows unceremoniously in the grassy northern tundra. There it had lain, observing innumerous seasons pass until a use had been found for it and its surrounding coterie by small bands of travellers and merchants seeking a landmark on their journeys across the northern plains. Now, a small path ran east-west through the boulder field, crossing another north-south path almost precisely in its centre.

Kalliya didn't spare a thought to the history of the rock she was leaning against. Her skin was shining with sweat, her clothes stained with the dirt of the trail, and her breath escaped her lips in ragged gasps. She was exhausted. Her flight from the Eastern Reaches had taken a toll on the brown-skinned mage. After stealing the Omnigarch Stone from the Redtooth orcs, she had conjured a portal to return to where she had stashed her mount. Never much good with conjuration magic, the mage had mounted up and ridden her horse hard, making her way east out of the jungle before turning north and continuing with all speed across the grasslands. That had been four days ago. Yesterday, her horse had collapsed from sheer exhaustion. She had almost left it there, writhing in pain in the mud, to die slowly while she continued her race northwards - the desire to return to the side of her mistress, Gaermeon, was overwhelming - but something she had almost forgotten existed within her, a small pang of sorrow at the sight of the animal in misery, had caused her to take the briefest of moments to place her finger against the stricken horse's temple and project a beam of concentrated force through its skull, ending its tortured death throes.

She had flown for the rest of her journey - she was much better with arcane kinematics, the use of magic to create fields of force, than any other school. After shedding all but the most essential of her equipment, the mage used her magic to lift herself above the plains and propel herself northwards in staggering leaps. Although the leagues had passed quickly beneath her soaring feet, the effort it had taken was crushing and only the sensation that she was getting closer and closer to Gaermeon had sustained her. Relief was in sight, however.

On her last leap, from her vantage point high in the air, she had spotted a small figure trotting eastwards towards the landmark within which she now rested. From a distance, she had thought the small figure to be a person on horseback and had landed among the boulders planning to ambush the lone traveller and steal their mount. Now on the ground with the figure much closer, she could see that it was no mounted traveller. Instead, she watched as a lone, young centaur stallion ambled towards her concealed position and listened to him sing a sorrowful ballad with a clear, bright voice as she adjusted her plan.

"With mournful eyes, she looked at me.

Against the call of the grass sea,

She begged my heart and called my name,

But the wind's tune had laid its claim.

The siren-song of distant lands,

Of glory held by no-one's hands,

Commanded my hooves to obey

And stole my spirit far away."

"That's a beautiful song," said Kalliya, stepping out from behind a boulder, staff in hand, striving to conceal her tiredness from the youth.

The centaur was clearly very young, only a summer or two into adulthood. Patches of tufty foal-fur still marked his chestnut hide. He was handsome in an untested, innocent fashion; fresh-faced, with bright blue eyes, a square jaw and short, auburn hair that was tousled and mussed by the summer breeze. Despite his youth, the stallion was still a large creature, and well armed; he was holding a long centaur pike and had a longbow wrapped in oilskin on a leather strap over the sleeveless woolen vest he sported. His bare arms revealed well-defined musculature to Kalliya's shrewd gaze.

The young male apparently saw no threat in the mage's bearing and his face broke into a welcoming smile. "Thankyou!" he announced cheerfully. "Can I help you?"

This was going to be too easy, thought Kalliya, levelling her most devastating smile at the youth as she walked over to him. "Yes, as a matter of fact, I think you can. I was hoping you could point me in the direction of the Kolgannis lands."

"Certainly! They're about two days ride that way," said the youth, his hooves stamping the ground as he turned slightly and pointed to the northeast. After a quick glance at Kalliya's well-worn state, he continued. "Four if you're walking, I suppose. You'll want to head down this eastern path until you reach the next crossroads, then take the road north to Kolgan Vale. Although, you might want to turn south at the crossroads and head to Folger's Post for supplies. Looks like you're travelling pretty light for the trip ahead."

"Thanks," said Kalliya, wrapping a leg around her staff as she spoke and seductively leaning against the wooden shaft such that her luscious breasts were displayed lasciviously, "I was hoping maybe you could spare some rations?"

The stallion shifted a little uneasily, rear hooves thudding on the dirt. "Well, I'm travelling pretty light myself. Only really got enough for the journey to Gallantfield."

Kalliya, who actually knew the terrain very well, did some quick arithmetic in her head. Gallantfield was four days to the west. This was getting better and better, she thought. "I'll repay you quite handsomely," she countered, reaching a hand up to gently cup a lush tit and biting her bottom lip.

The young centaur stamped his hooves again, his haunches quivering. Without attempting to disguise the action, Kalliya slowly drew her gaze down to his hindquarters and watched as his hefty shaft slowly extended from its sheath to hang below his belly. A thin string of pre-cum oozed from the tip to swing, glistening, scant inches from the ground.

"I... I suppose... I could spare a day or two of rations," said the youth. 

"I would be ever so thankful," said Kalliya, tracing the low neckline of her robe with one finger and pulling it down over the brown skin of her breast until it was only just concealing her hard nipple.

The fresh-faced stallion was shifting from hoof to hoof, eyes fixed to the wizard's salacious display. Kalliya could see the veins on his arm-length cock throb as the slab of fuck-meat stiffened and began to bob upwards until it ran parallel to the curve of his equine belly. The gargantuan, flared organ reminded her of Gaermeon's delectable tool and the dusky mage felt her quim quiver and moisten in anticipation at the recollection.

"Let me show you just how thankful I can be," said Kalliya, reaching out to caress the stallion's equine shoulder and slowly tracing her fingers down his flank until she reached his haunches. The young male turned at the waist to watch her progress, eyes wide and hungry and mouth agape.

"I, uh, I've never been with a human..." his words trailed off when Kalliya released her staff, letting it drop to the ground, and reached behind her back to unlace her robe before shrugging her shoulders and letting it slide down her body. The mage then leaned against the stallion's haunch, pressing her large bosom to his smooth, short fur, and reached around and under his tail to gently run the back of her long nailed fingers down his taint and under his heavy, smooth balls.

Curving her fingers around the massive globes, Kalliya hefted the young centaur's hefty testes in her palm, marvelling at the hot, smooth, leathery skin that contained them and the sheer weight of the swinging orbs. She held back a laugh as the equine creature gasped at the contact - he was all but putty in her hands now. His flanks trembled against her breasts and his tail flicked and swished through the air with excitement.

Succulent tits still mashed against his skin, Kalliya languidly slid downwards until her eyes drew level with the young male's swollen cock. "Don't worry, sweetie, I think I can handle you," murmured the mage as she reached out to wrap her fingers around the young male's girthy cock. She gently stroked the warm organ with her fingertips, watching it throb with desire and pump out more sloppy pre-cum from its flared head. "It looks like this guy knows what to do as well."

The stallion's hooves stamped and thumped against the turf with nervous excitement as Kalliya fondled his weighty balls and caressed his tumescent shaft. She leisurely moved under the boy's round belly until his rampant erection was pointing right at her face and torturously leaned forward, allowing her hot breath to wash over his sensitive flare, before leaning forward to lick the tip of the throbbing organ. Above her, the stallion gasped and moaned mindlessly. His hips bucked uncontrollably, but the mage simply moved her head to the side and continued to stroke the mammoth cock.

Nursing the throbbing behemoth had gotten Kalliya unbearably aroused and with no small amount of anticipatory pleasure, she climbed out from beneath the centaur and sashayed over to the nearest boulder, placing her hands against it, spreading her legs and presenting herself to the aroused male. The youth pranced from side to side in anxious lust. 

"Go on, boy. Mount me," whispered Kalliya.

The randy young stud gazed hungrily at the gorgeous round buttocks before him and the brown cunt lips nestled below them. "It'll never... I won't..." he stammered. "It won't fit... I don't want to hurt you."

"I can take it, boy," soothed Kalliya. "Come on and fuck me."

"O-okay," said the young stallion, his words tumbling from his mouth, "if you-you're sure."

Kalliya shivered in anticipation as the centaur moved behind her and walked his front hooves up the slope of the boulder, the appendages clacking loudly against the stone. His bulk loomed over her, the smooth light brown fur of his belly rubbing against her back until she felt the blunt tip of his cock butting against her moist pussy. Reaching behind her with one hand, she gripped the swollen shaft just below its flare and smeared the liberally flowing pre-cum across her lips until her fuck-hole glistened and made slick slurping noises at the contact. She could feel the young stud's trembling as he struggled to keep his haunches from bucking.

"Push," she encouraged him. "Go on, shove that monster inside me."

The stallion was helpless now and readily obeyed her command. His haunches flexed and Kalliya groaned with delight as she felt the wide cock-head pop into her ravenous cunny. The sensation was exquisite and she murmured quiet thanks to Gaermeon and her blessing that allowed her to experience such a sublime sensation.

"Gods -uh- so tight -ah- so hot," panted the stallion as he sheathed his column of aroused fuck-meat inside the mage's ripe twat.

Kalliya made no vocal response to the creature's nigh-incoherent babbling; instead, she leaned forwards, dragging her slick cunt up the length of the monumental phallus before pushing herself back down it. Eyes closed, she began gathering her will and sending it out through where their bodies were joined, just as Gaermeon had taught her. She was amazed at how simple it seemed - perhaps it was the youth's inexperience - but she soon felt the tendrils of her will wrap around the stallion's consciousness until he was all but under her command. She'd need to make him cum, of course, to finish the binding spell, but that was not going to be a problem and she was rather looking forward to feeling the young male's cock erupting like a hose in her pussy, pumping it full of surging cum. She wondered for a moment if the youthful centaur knew what she was doing to him and felt a swell of pride that her own skill as a mage had protected herself from Gaermeon, her beloved mistress, exerting a similar control over her.

The stallion had gotten into the swing of things by now; Kalliya stopped fucking herself up and down the length of his swollen shaft and instead simply braced herself against the rock while he got to work rutting her like a mare. With each thrust, she felt his hefty sack swing and slap against her labia and listened to the wet squelch as his pistoning tool squeezed a slimy mix of their juices from her overstuffed quim. Ripples of exquisite pleasure radiated through her from her well-used cunt up to her scalp as the youth vigorously bred her welcoming cunny. Soon, the two were panting and grunting in unison as they coupled, the brown skinned woman's body dwarfed by the massive bulk of the stallion mounting her.

All too quickly, Kalliya felt the first powerful jet of centaur seed blast into her womb. The sensation of heat and fullness was indescribably divine and she almost couldn't finish the binding spell as her body shuddered with pulsing ecstasy. Slimy rivulets of jism oozed from her stretched pussy-lips as she was filled, to run in obscene rivers down her thighs. Seizing the moment as best as her pleasure-wracked mind could, she closed her grasp upon the young male's will. Above her, the poor creature continued bucking his hips mechanically, fucking his ejaculate into Kalliya's embracing cunny even as his thoughts were dominated. The wizard reached between her legs and mashed her clit viciously, forcing out a punishing, drawn out orgasm as equine seed spewed into her and spurted out again past the pistoning horse cock, until her hand was slathered with a thick sheen of the sloppy ejaculate.

Kalliya finally felt the surges of hot semen taper off and the stallion's enthusiastic humping slowed down. She decided to test her newfound control over the young male's mind.

"Okay, that's enough," she commanded. "Get off me."

There was a squelching slurp and Kalliya felt an amazing sucking sensation in her pussy as the centaur withdrew his softening cock from her well fucked orifice. A torrent of spunk squirted from her fuck-hole once his flared glans popped free from her grasping lips. She lifted her seed coated hand from her clit and raised it to her lips. The young stallion's discharge tasted sweet and quite pleasant. The youth stood dumbly behind her, unmoving, despite the salacious scene before him.

"Alright, boy, now sit," demanded the mage as she turned to face her pet.

She felt a trill of excitement in her breast as the stallion obediently lowered himself to the ground.

Deciding to further test her capabilities, Kalliya issued another command; "Finish the song you were singing."

The centaur sat on the grass, a doltish, confused look on his handsome features. Kalliya frowned as she realised the limits of her magic. It seemed she still had some learning to do before she could exercise control over a subject while still retaining some of their individuality. No matter, she thought, her mistress would surely teach her how to fine tune her skills. With a warm feeling of satisfaction at her imminent return to Gaermeon's side growing within her, she mounted the stallion and told him to stand before setting off eastwards at a fast canter.

Two days later, Kalliya was standing before the chieftain's door in Kolgannis village. Just outside the village, tucked into a small dip in the windswept tundra, a young centaur lay dead. She had given him one last fuck before crushing his mind with a touch of her finger - that same pang of sorrow had momentarily raised its head and so she had granted a last moment of pleasure before giving him a quick death - but so close to Gaermeon as she was, the attack of guilt didn't linger. The brown-skinned mage knocked on the door.

Kalliya opened the door to greet Kalliya.

"I thought I felt your approach," said Kalliya.

The mage marvelled at Gaermeon's appearance - she was a mirror image of herself. 

"I grow weary of maintaining this disguise," said Gaermeon, leaving the door open and walking back into the main room of the house while her skin shifted and swirled as it returned to its usual purple hue. Gunnar Long Arm, chief of the Kolgannis, stood in the centre of the main room, unfazed as the succubus' legs took on their normal hooved and digitate form and a lithe, spaded tail sprouted from the base of her spine. Kalliya entered and shut the door behind her, basking in the glow of her mistress' presence.

"Shall I command the warbands to march, then?" queried Gunnar. The mage marvelled at Gaermeon's incredible skill at domination magic. No outside observer could tell how completely he was under the demon's sway - he talked and moved as if he was his own man.

"You have it, I presume?" said Gaermeon to Kalliya.

Kalliya reached into her satchel and produced the omnigarch stone. She felt a surge of pleasure course through her body when Gaermeon smiled at her.

"Excellent!" said the demon before turning back to Gunnar. "Yes, you may issue the command, but first, I think I need to replenish a little energy."

Kalliya swooned. She had done well and had earned praise from her mistress, but, more importantly, she was about to feel her mistress' touch once more. Everything was perfect.

Chapter 16 - Pointer

The party had set up camp on the other side of the bridge, a short distance from the road ascending into the mountains. As Pointer built a small fire and sparked it to life with flint and steel, he listened to the young elven mage, Dayna, conversing with the orc, Mila. The wizard mentioned something about taking a short walk and letting her familiar out and Pointer noticed the warg rider flash her a wide grin, saying that she would keep an eye on him, before the mage turned and ambled off into the woods downhill from their chosen campsite. The lean thief wondered how long the pretty young elf would be gone. He wasn't concerned for her safety, should she run into bandits or beasts - he could feel the power radiating off her and guessed wisely that she was a fairly adept mage - rather, the pale haired rogue could smell impending rain in the air. Despite the concealing effect the towering, blue-grey peaks of the mountains had, his centuries of experience warned him that a fierce storm was boiling up from the south. While the fire chortled and cackled to life before him, he turned to where his light travelling bundle lay beside him and unrolled the oilskin cape and hood that was bound around it.

"So, what are we going to do with you?" said his muscular orc companion, squatting on her haunches on the opposite side of the fire. The gargantuan bulk of her warg sat beside her, golden eyes watching the elf warily and exuding an air of menace.

Pointer shrugged and flashed an apologetic smile. He knew that the warrior was a match for him with the blade, making up in ferocity and strength the edge that he carried in skill and experience - with the potential savagery of the warg beside her, any kind of fight would most assuredly go poorly for him. Furthermore, the warg's powerful sense of smell would have made any attempt at giving them the slip rather difficult, if the desire had crossed his mind. Years of wetwork as a professional thief meant that Pointer knew how to deal with dogs and he reckoned that he could pull it off if he had to, but it would be difficult and messy. Besides, he had no intention of betraying the orc's trust again. He had made good his escape from the Redtooth and hadn't decided to wait for Mila and Dayna at the bridge just to go through the hassle of trying to flee a different group of pursuers.
