 Author's note: There's a lot of demon/elf action in this chapter. If that's not your bag, you might want to move on. Thanks for the supportive messages concerning the story so far and I'm sorry about the extended break between chapters. Life can get busy, you know?

*****

Chapter 12 - Dayna

Dayna leaned on her elbows, peering closely at the map spread on the desk before her. A black dot marked the city of Drasich, home to the university. To the west, more black dots marked the other free cities, while to the west a series of cone-like shapes indicated the Shrouded Mountains. The mountain range ran hundreds of leagues to the west until they split into a myriad of smaller ranges and hills that were swallowed up by the forests of the eastern reaches. Weighing down one edge of the map was a long dagger while the other was pressed to the desk by the weight of the small horse statue that Habernalle had given her. The finely wrought statue was wobbling slightly - not due to any magic, but because the desk it was placed upon was rocking to a steady rhythm. The elven mage picked up the statue and slid a book over to keep the map unfurled before casting a frustrated glance over her shoulder at her familiar, Gomp.

The diminutive imp was standing tip-toed on Dayna's chair. His disproportionately large phallus was currently crammed inside the elf's pussy and his heavy balls swung back and forth, occasionally slapping against her mons, as he enthusiastically fucked his master. "Not so rough back there, asshole. I'm trying to get some work done," remarked Dayna acerbically. 

"Sorry boss!" said Gomp quickly. The normally impertinent wee demon did not want to jeopardize the new relationship he had with his master and had discovered a hitherto unknown reservoir of politeness. Until yesterday, the small creature had had to barter for any opportunity for a little sexual release. Yesterday, however, she had called him over after returning from the library and had spent a pleasure filled hour humping her sweet elven cunt up and down his cock while she squeezed beholder eggs out of her anus. She didn't even mind when he'd pumped his seed into her after she'd expelled the librarian's anal deposit. Just that morning, Dayna had made him suck on her clit while she showered and was now letting him take his pleasure in her quim while she studied at her desk. Gomp looked upwards and said silent thanks to Habernalle for opening up this new side of his once demure master before grabbing two handfuls of her smooth, round ass and getting back to work.

Dayna herself was a little astonished at her newfound appetite for sex, although she understood well the origin. The spell Habernalle had woven into her had left her with a constant yearning for cock whenever one was nearby. The overwhelming lust had left her almost useless, but her friend Trelisopoles, the beholder librarian of the university, had eased the burden through a spell of his own. Now, the desire for a proper fucking was still strong, but it had been pushed into the background of her mind and was entirely manageable. More than manageable, in fact; the elf had found her mental alacrity enhanced while she was being serviced. So, here she was, bent over her desk with Gomp vigorously mating her cunny while she planned out the next step in her mission to retrieve the Omnigarch Stone.

Gomp's phallus was long and girthy and his enthusiastic fucking would normally have been too much to take, but Habernalle's spell had another consequence - Dayna discovered that her various orifices could now accept any size of intruder. Her ass and cunt had stretched to fit like a glove around both Trelis' immense ovipositor and Gomp's oversized organ. She closed her eyes momentarily and relished the feeling of her familiar's hefty shaft sliding in and out of her slick fuck-hole. She could feel every vein and ridge on the imp's massive tool and every time his smooth ball sack slapped against her clit a small shudder of pleasure rippled through her.

She opened her eyes again and looked back at the map. By her calculations, even with a good horse, it would take almost three weeks to get to the eastern reaches and she did not know how long after that to find the Redtooth Tribe. She looked back at the small statue in her hands. She knew that it was a carving of a demonic steed, also known as a Nightmare - demons that had taken the form of a horse with ebony skin and a mane and hooves shrouded in flame. Dayna knew they were intelligent and cunning and not to be underestimated despite their animalistic appearance, but Habernalle had said it would get her where she needed to go. She just needed to figure out how to get it to work.

"You almost done back there?" she asked Gomp. "I need to figure out how to make this thing work."

The diminutive demon's brow was knotted with effort as he pumped his cock into the mage's cunt. His hands were clenching her upraised asscheeks firmly and his thrusting was frantic and hurried. "That's easy," he replied. "Just put it on the ground and channel your will into it." Dayna's cunt squelched wetly as the small demon continued to hump vigorously while he spoke.

"Is that all?" said Dayna, "I thought it would be more involved, or that some reagents would be necessary."

"Well, they usually ask for payment or something once they materialize," said Gomp, before leaning forward and draping his small torso over the elf's ass to rest his cheek against her back. He reached around her hips with his right hand and moved it down between her legs and began to massage her clit with small, circular motions of his nimble fingers while continuing to make short, urgent thrusts into her quim with his engorged tool. "Knowing Habernalle, the it's going to be something fun."

Dayna hung her head, looking past her swinging breasts to watch her familiar service her needy cunt. He was rude, slothful and generally an embarrassment to be around, but his penis was delectably hefty and he certainly knew what to do when it came to fucking an orgasm out of the elven mage. "Oh fuck, keep doing that! You're going to make me cum!" she commanded her familiar before returning her thoughts to the task at hand. "So, what else do you know about these creatures?" 

"Well... It's not a familiar, although it will be bound to your word. It won't stick around forever. Probably only a day or so before they have to go back to the realms to recharge," said Gomp as his fingers matched the rhythm set by his thrusting phallus and a wave of pleasure began to build in Dayna's overstimulated nethers. "Boss, can I cum now?" 

The elf was on the cusp of orgasm herself. Her voice came ragged and punctuated with lustful pants. "Yesss," she moaned as her erect pleasure button responded to the imp's dexterous strokes, "fill me up!" 

A moment later sparks of pleasure shot through her body and down her limbs as she peaked. Her body shuddered and her muscles tensed, causing her cunt to clamp down on the girthy slab of cock-meat stuffed into it to be rewarded by a sudden, gushing warmth as Gomp's swollen shaft began spurting ropes of imp seed into her. The hot jets of jism filling her fuck-hole dragged out her orgasm until her thighs quivered with the effort of keeping her pleasure wracked body upright.

"Mnph! Fuck yes!" she groaned, before sliding with a wet slurp off the demon's pulsating member to slump against her desk. Behind her, Gomp collapsed heavily on the chair and grinned to himself as he watched thick globs of his seed ooze in a small river out of his master's quim to streak her thighs and splatter onto the floor.

Dayna marvelled at the sheer quantity of cum the tiny creature could pump out as she felt it trickle steadily from her well-fucked orifice. "Damn, I needed that," she sighed, voice muffled as she rested her head on her folded arms and came down from her orgasmic high, "but playtime's over. Gather up my travelling gear and put two weeks of provisions in my portal chest. I'm going to go clean up."

"Sure thing, boss," said the imp.

When she returned from the bathroom, Gomp was just loading the final few bundles of equipment into her magic chest; a large, metal trunk, the surface of which was inscribed with various arcane symbols that connected it with a small pouch the mage could hang from her belt. As long as she was on the same plane as the chest, she could reach into the pouch and retrieve whatever was in the chest, no matter the distance between the two. It was one of Dayna's most treasured arcane artifacts, along with her staff. 

"Is everything ready?" asked Dayna.

"Yeah, good to go," replied her familiar. "Two weeks of provisions and clothes, quill and ink, charcoal, paper, hook and rope, spare dagger, and your spellbook. I also threw your copy of Frobisher's in there."

"Good job, Gomp," said the mage. "I suppose we'd better do the summoning outside the walls. It might be a little tricky riding a demonic steed through the halls."

It was early afternoon by the time the pair had exited the city's eastern gate. A few farms spanned the distance between Drasich's bluestone walls and the woods that clung to the rising sides of the valley the city occupied. Dayna had passed the time on their walk from the university to the gate by reading a little more on nightmares, their physiology and their role in the outer realms. 

Frobisher had a fairly detailed entry on the demons. The bestiary explained that while their common form was that of an ebony hued stallion with a flaming mane, the demons could also assume an anthropomorphic form that retained many of their equine features but permitted them to walk upright on digitigrade legs and replaced their forelegs with humanoid hands. The bestiary entry went on to explain that, while often bestial in appearance, their great intellect set them apart from the common hellbeasts such as hellhounds and the like. Some had even risen to the rank of duke of hell thanks to their powerful combination of cunning, guile and vast strength. In deals with the material plane, they were often called upon by warriors and warlords seeking boons to aid in conquest and warcraft, however they were not singular in their attempts to gain souls and power and would work any deal they could. Dayna was thankful of the method of summoning granted to her via Habernalle's figurine; from the warnings written in Frobisher's Bestiary, nightmares were one of the more powerful denizens of the outer realms and she was fairly certain she did not have the ability to enact a proper summoning at her current level of skill and knowledge.

The mage and her familiar walked along the east road until the farms were replaced by the wooded valley slopes. Upon sighting a somewhat secluded clearing off to the side of the road and making sure there were no other travellers in sight, Dayna retrieved the small statue from a belt pouch and placed it on the earth in the centre of the glade. Gomp stayed well clear of the small figurine, half hiding himself behind his master. 

"Well, here goes nothing," mumbled Dayna.

"Good luck," said Gomp from behind her.

Dayna stared at the demonic artifact and took a deep breath as she focused her will upon it. The process was a common starting point for most spellcasting - the latent arcane energy within all living things, in this case the mage, could be projected into reality with a push of the mind and the knowledge of how to shape it into the desired effect. Spells to create kinetic force and to subtly manipulate temperature were the easiest and most mages could push or pull objects and heat or cool a drink within their first year of study (there was many a hedge wizard who found gainful employment in the foodservice industry). More delicate telekinesis and stronger manipulation of energy took much longer to master. Spells of illusion, the manipulation of thoughts and emotions and conjuration or summoning were advanced magic and not to be undertaken lightly. Dayna was adept at conjuration and its sub-school of portal manipulation (a necessity for her masters in demonology), but she was not expecting what happened next.

As her will made contact with the figurine, a force seemed to take hold of it and the elven mage found that instead of having to push her mind towards it, the small statue was actively drawing more of her arcane energy into itself until she began to worry that she was losing control of the energy coursing through her body. Just as she was preparing to sever the link, however, there was a sizzling crackle and a flash of warmth. The air above the figurine warped like a heat shimmer on a hot road and coalesced into the form of an eight foot tall, coal black demon. He (and he was very much a he) was sitting cross-legged on the earth where the figurine once stood. Where there should have been feet he instead had immense hooves, ringed with a fringe of flickering flame. His legs were bent strangely, bending backwards below the knee in the manner of a beast, and his thighs were broad and corded with muscle. His hips were trim and absent of clothes and between his legs flopped a huge, black, flared cock with a ring of prepuce about halfway down it. Dayna couldn't help but gasp at the monumental organ - it was easily a foot long - and the sight of such an impressive slab of male flesh sent a tremor of lust through her cunt. Above his pelvis was a rippling set of abs that looked as though they were carved from black granite. His chest was broad, with well defined musculature, and complimented by a pair of brawny arms and corded trapezii. All in all, his appearance was of chiseled perfection but for his bestial hooves and the equine head atop his shoulders. His eyes glowed like hot coals and a mane like a river of flame snaked from between his equine ears down his neck to end between his shoulder blades.

With a voice like a chorus of baritones whispering in unison, he spoke; "Ahhh, Habernalle's whore requires the aid of Aelsetur the Quick. Greetings."

Dayna steeled herself, straightening her posture and returning the demon's gaze. "Yes, nightmare, I require your service. You are to carry me where I command."

"You are Dayna, mage-slut of Duke Habernalle, yes? You may call me Aelsetur," said the hulking demon.

"Well, Aelsetur, you can call me Dayna, instead of whore or slut," replied the elf with as stern a tone as she could muster.

Aelsetur laughed, filling the glade with his rumbling baritone. "I am no bound familiar to be bent to your whims. I am here to convey the bearer of Habernalle's artifact where they wish, nothing more, nothing less. I shall call you what I please, elf cunt."

Dayna archly raised an eyebrow and produced the map from a scroll case on her belt. "Well then, donkey, I require you to take me here," she said, jabbing a finger at the Eastern Reaches. "Convey me to the village of the Redtooth Tribe in the Eastern Reaches." Dayna thought she saw a small smile play at the edges of Aelsetur's mouth at her use of the word 'donkey'.

"Very well, cum-witch, I shall carry you to your destination, but Habernalle has permitted me to demand payment in return," Aelsetur paused momentarily and looked Dayna up and down. His equine nostrils flared. "I can smell your cunt dripping from here. Come, sate your thirsting fuck-hole on my cock."

"As you say, you can only do what the Duke permits you. You are far more his servant than I am, you pathetic mule!" snapped Dayna. "But if you desire a taste of my quim, I will permit that in return for services rendered."

"Ha!" snorted Aelsetur. "You have fire in you, elf slut. I like that in my whores! Come! Let us mate!"

Dayna held her chin high, trying to look as imperious as possible as she stripped off her robe and leggings. She was sure the impression was somewhat marred by the sight of Gomp hopping from foot to foot in lusty excitement behind her and the clear, sloppy strings of arousal that stretched from her wet pussy-lips to the crotch of her panties as she pulled them down. In front of her, Aelsetur leaned back on his hands and spread his legs, his heavy phallus pulsing and bobbing as it filled with blood and grew hard. Beneath his swelling tool, Dayna could see his testicles hanging heavily in his sack, each the size of a small melon, and her mind swooned at the thought of the sheer quantity of hot, slimy cum that would soon be pumped into her. A tremble of arousal spasmed through her body from her toes to her scalp and back down again. With only the slightest of hesitation in her step, she walked over to Aelsetur's massive form and straddled his waist. Standing above him, his gargantuan cock bobbed inches below her hungry pussy. Another thin strand of glistening pussy juice oozed slowly from her spread cunt to dangle in the air before making contact with the flared head of Aelsetur's bestial phallus.

Filled with an urgent desire to rut, Dayna lowered her aching cunny onto the demon's tumescent erection. His flared cock was leaking a steady stream of slick, clear pre-cum and before her fuck-hole had even made contact with the girthy tool she could feel the heat radiating off it. A musky, animalistic scent filled her nose, pumping arousal straight into her brain and causing her nipples to harden and her cunt to gush with fem-lube. With lip-biting urgency, she mashed her quim against the nightmare's swollen member.

Toddick Pengrast was a simple man. Nearly every day he drove a wagon of logs from a timber camp in the hills outside Drasich down to the city warehouses. He liked his job. The trip into the valley was peaceful and scenic and the city itself was full of wonders. Being home to the Arcane University meant that Toddick got to see many strange sights - mages and their demonic familiars were common on its streets and strange looking humanoids came from all over the lands to visit and do business in the former imperial capital. Today gave no indication it was going to be any different, and Toddick was soaking in the serene view of the forest in summer as his ox cart plodded down the valley road. As he rounded the next bend, however, he caught sight of a flicker of movement in a tree lined glade just off the roadway. Wary of potential robbers (not that Toddick had anything worth stealing, but nevertheless wanting to avoid a potential delay) he slowed his oxen to a halt and hitched them to a nearby tree branch. Then, proceeding as quietly as possible, he crept towards the clearing, hoping to scout out the area before continuing on his way. 

The sight that greeted his eyes was simply astonishing. A huge monster with coal black skin and hair made of flames was reclining in the centre of the clearing while a comparatively tiny elf woman stood over his loins. Off to one side stood an imp (he had seen one in the market in Drasich before) in an obvious state of excitement. All three figures were completely naked - both the imp and the monster were sporting prodigious erections. The elf woman was beautiful; slender, tall, with fair skin, fine features and shoulder length auburn hair tied back in a ponytail, she had a gorgeous curve to her waist and pert, handful-sized breasts. She was also clearly about to stuff the monster's massive horse-like cock into her cunt. Toddick gulped. Surely there was no way that it would fit, he thought, yet the elven maiden lowered herself onto the column of cock-meat with nary a moment of hesitation. He heard her gasp as her folds parted and spread against the flared head of the bestial penis. The black monster lay back and reached up to the elf's waist, his hands easily wrapping around the petite, pale skinned figure. Slowly and surely, the beast pulled the woman down onto his cock and Toddick watched in amazement as the the elf's cunt swallowed the glistening black shaft, inch by inch. Instead of pain, her face was a rictus of excruciating pleasure. From his hiding place in the trees, Toddick pulled out his own cock and began to stroke it, eyes glued to the scene of total debauchery in the glade.
