 Author's note: Sorry for the long wait since the last chapter; I've been rather busy. Anyhow, here's the latest installment - if the demon and warg action isn't your thing, you may not enjoy this one that much, but I'm pretty pleased with how it turned out and I hope you like it!

*****

Chapter 15 - Dayna

The orc village was a flurry of activity upon Dayna's awakening. Orcs jogged to and fro, gathering supplies and weaponry, while Grotag and Kami directed the proceedings with bellows and curt gestures. The greenskin siblings seemed to be in a black mood, and when the elf approached them to say her farewells, she quickly found out why. With much cursing, Grotag explained that the elven thief, Pointer, had somehow managed to escape during the night. With the village preparing to march, only a few orcs were available to comb the nearby jungle for his trail and the new chief had little hope of finding the lean rogue before he made good his flight.

The news didn't bother Dayna that much, but she noticed Mila, who had joined the conversing group, stifle a small, wry grin. Nevertheless, the mage offered her commiserations to Grotag and Kami before leaving the orcs to their preparations and making her way out of the village and a short way into the jungle to summon the nightmare Aelsetur. By the time she found a suitable clearing for the summoning, far enough away from the village such that the appearance of a demon the size of Aelsetur would not cause concern to the tribe, Dayna was sweating, despite the relative cool of the early morning air. She knew the equine-featured demon would demand payment in return for carrying her back to Drasich, and her stomach turned somersaults while her quim juiced itself in anticipation.

"Boss," drawled Gomp from beside the young mage, "I can smell your cunt sauce from here."

"Shut up," snapped Dayna.

Valiantly struggling to maintain her composure, Dayna placed the figurine on the ground before her and pushed her will out to it.

Nothing happened.

Once more, Dayna gathered her will and forced it towards the artifact, but, again, the result was naught. "Shit!" groaned the sorcerer. "Why won't it work?" Her stomach knotted with worry. Perhaps the artifact had been single use. The elf swore loudly again.

"What's wrong?" said a voice from behind her. It was the orc Mila. The greenskin was garbed in a chain shirt with the baldric holding her large sword slung over one shoulder. She had a collection of equipment, tack, harness and what looked like a strange saddle tucked under one muscled arm.

Feeling a blush of embarrassment climbing up her neck, Dayna turned to face the orc woman. "The artifact I was going to use doesn't seem to be working."

"What do you mean?" said Mila as she dropped her burden and wandered over and looked at the small statue resting on the dirt.

"It's a magical steed," explained Dayna. Gomp guffawed behind her. "I think it's out of charges, though."

"Can't you just snap your fingers and teleport or something?"

"It doesn't work like that," sighed the wizard. "It takes about the same amount of energy to teleport myself that distance as would to walk it, and if my calculations were even a tiny bit off, I'd probably end up stuck in a wall or buried in the ground."

"Huh," exclaimed the orc. "Didn't realise it was so finicky."

"Yep," said Dayna, slumping to the ground in disappointment. "I guess I'll be walking with the tribe." A month or more to get back to the university seemed like an eternity - the elf could not keep the worry from her voice as she realised the head-start Kalliya would have.

"Well, I don't have a magic horse or anything, but I may be able to help," consoled Mila before raising her fingers to her lips and whistling loudly.

Dayna was just about to ask her what she was talking about when she heard a rustling in the jungle underbrush that steadily grew in volume. Suddenly, a huge, wolf-like creature came bounding out of the foliage. The fearsome beast leaped over the seated sorcerer to collide with a thud against the orc. Dayna scrambled to her feet quickly, readying a spell in her mind, but as she spun to face the creature she was greeted by the sight of Mila on her back, the immense canine pinning her against the jungle ground. Instead of ripping into her with its teeth, however, the behemoth was slobbering all over her face with a huge pink tongue, tail wagging furiously.

Mila was laughing from her position underneath the giant wolf. "Yes, it's good to see you too, old boy," the orc managed to say between chuckles. Scrunching her face and turning her head to avoid the worst of the tongue lashing she was getting, Mila introduced Dayna to her warg. "Dayna, I'd like you to meet Alagar. Alagar, this is Dayna."

Dayna stood there, mouth gaping, as the warg ceased his enthusiastic greeting and turned to face her. With a slow movement, the huge beast stepped over to the mage until his muzzle was inches from her face and sniffed deeply before sitting back on his haunches and inclining his head. 

"He'll understand what you say," explained Mila, picking herself up off the leaf litter, "so try not to make fun of the mangy furball." 

"Uh, pleased to meet you," said Dayna to the intelligent canine.

Mila continued, "Seeing as you're not exactly a hefty gal, I think he should be able to carry us both a bit faster than we could walk to Drasich. I'm not sure he can carry your imp as well, though."

"That's alright," shrugged Dayna. "I know a spell that can send him to a pocket dimension for the time being."

"Awww, c'mon boss!" complained the wee demon. "It's fucking boring in there!"

"Sorry Gomp," said the mage. "It'll only be for a short time. I'll let you out when we stop to camp."

"Fine," sighed the small creature, "but you owe me for this!" he added, licking his lips while eying the elf's trim figure.

Dayna cast a glance over at Mila, knowing exactly what kind of recompense the lecherous imp would demand. "Alright," she groaned, rolling her eyes. "You little shit. Fine. Deal."

Gomp was cackling with glee as Dayna concentrated and wove the spell that opened a small portal to the pocket plane. With a last leering look at his ostensible master, the imp stepped through the portal, which snapped shut behind him with an electrical crackle and a whiff of ozone.

"You let him talk to you like that?" asked Mila after watching the imp vanish. "I thought he was your slave or servant."

Dayna shook her head. "Oh no, it's not like that. Think of it more like a partnership. Demons can't maintain their presence on our plane of existence for very long without tethering themselves to someone or something that has a lot of magical energy. In exchange for allowing him to tether to me, he agreed to be my familiar. I didn't realise what a dirty little bastard he was until after we'd made the deal, but he kinda grows on you after a while, a bit like mold on cheese, though."

"But why would he want to come here in the first place? Don't demons want to harvest souls or something?" asked the orc.

"Well, sort of," explained Dayna. "Demons are essentially immortal and gain in power and stature by the acquisition of souls, but life in the outer realms isn't an easy existence. Most are obliged to serve more powerful demons and don't have access to the power required to enter our world to gain souls in the first place. By being my familiar, Gomp can essentially 'bank' the energy he gains from me until he'll be able to travel between the planes under his own power, although that won't be for a very, very long time."

"So he's draining energy from you?"

"It's not like you probably think it is," said the mage. "Living things replenish their magicka in the same way they'd replenish their stamina - eating, drinking, sleeping, all that kind of stuff restores the energy that magic uses. A familiar siphons off a small amount, some of which they use to maintain their presence in the world, and some of which they can store for later use. And, because they're beings composed almost entirely of magic, a mage with a familiar can use them as a sort of amplifier for spells, if they need to."

"Huh," snorted the greenskin. "Seems a lot more complicated than I thought it was."

"That's why the university exists. Maybe you can sit in on a few classes once we get to Drasich."

Mila laughed. "Thanks, but I think I'll stick to being a sword for hire. Not sure I've got the head for all this plane and power stuff."

As they chatted, Mila fitted the saddle to Alagar's back and stashed her gear in a couple of saddlebags before mounting up. She turned to the mage and indicated a position just behind the leather saddle she was seated upon. With some apprehension, the elf climbed upon the back of the black furred behemoth and gripped the cantle of Mila's saddle, trying not to squeeze her legs around the huge beast's ribs too strongly - not for fear of damaging the warg, but to avoid the inevitable muscle ache such a posture was sure to result in. Once she was as comfortably seated as was possible, Dayna felt the massive muscles beneath the giant wolf's fur contract and soon the jungle was zipping past with speed that would have been astonishing if not for her recent journey upon a demonic steed. They travelled quickly, Alagar seemingly untroubled by the addition of the slight elf to his usual burden, stopping briefly at midday for a rest and something to drink and eat.

While they rode, the elf and the orc conversed. Dayna was more than a little amazed at the orc's candour when the greenskin told her of the tragedy that had befallen her tribe and had led to her taking up the life of a sellsword and occasional prostitute. The mage felt somewhat self conscious of her own privileged upbringing, but she, in turn, told the orc of her childhood as the daughter of a well to do elven family from the western coast - her mother, a powerful elementalist, and her father, a merchant prince with a fleet of trading ships based in Ceres Bay - and her decision to study conjuration and demonology at the university in Drasich.

Despite the drastic differences in their histories, Dayna found the orc easy to talk to and the two soon found themselves laughing together at some of the wilder stories Mila shared of her time whoring at the Ogre's Drum or adventuring across the northlands. The orc seemed equally enthralled by Dayna's stories of student antics at the university and journeys to the demonic realms. Their amicable chatter, combined with Alagar's rapid pace, caused the miles to vanish speedily behind them and soon the light under the jungle canopy carried a blue-grey cast with the onset of dusk.

"This looks as good a place as any for camp" said Mila as Alagar trotted to a halt in a grassy clearing.

Dayna slid slowly from the warg's back and paced, stretching her legs with every sign of relief. Behind her, Mila dismounted as well and unbuckled the tack and harness from her faithful steed before giving him a scratch behind the ears. Alagar growled happily. 

"So... um... weird question for you," said Mila cautiously as they began setting camp. "That, uh, curse that you removed from me - it's gone for good, right?"

Dayna glanced up from where she'd been starting the fire. "Well, there may be some, err, lasting side effects. Why?"

"Well, if I'm being perfectly honest with you, I am fucking horny as hells," admitted the orc, blushing slightly.

"I'd wondered about that," conceded Dayna as the campfire sparked to life before her. "I had a similar spell cast on me, not too long ago, and I have to admit the side effects were similar." 

"Huh, so I'm not the only one craving something between their legs," said Mila, grinning. "Shame we left a village full of handsome orcs behind, eh?"

Dayna couldn't suppress her own cheeky smile. "Well," she replied, "I can guess what Gomp's going to want after being shut in a pocket plane for the day."

Mila arched an eyebrow. "You let that little guy, um, have his way with you?"

"He's, um, not that little," replied Dayna, "but yeah. He's kind of got a one track mind when it comes to payment for services rendered. I know he's a demon and all, but, like I said, he's kind of my partner. I hope you don't think that's too off-putting" 

The orc shrugged amicably. "It's all good," she said. "I get it - partners can be pretty close."

"Speaking of partners, I guess I should let him out. He's been cooped up in there long enough."

Dayna focused and cast the spell to open the pocket plane and a moment later Gomp stepped out of the ether, yawning widely and stretching his little limbs. Upon seeing his master, the tiny demon swished his spaded tail through the air and leered. His cock swung half-erect between his legs and the imp tugged it casually as he started to speak. "Alright boss, take off them clothes. A little exercise should help me get some feeling back in my legs."

Mila laughed. "You were right, he's a proper dirty little shit."

"Hey! You're one to talk, you oversized goblin! I can smell your cunt from over here!" snapped Gomp. "Maybe if you ask nice enough I'll take you for a ride after I'm done with Dayna."

"Be nice, Gomp," growled Dayna, "or I'll put you back in there!"

"It's alright," said Mila, still chuckling. "I started it. I'll, uh, go patrol the perimeter and refill our waterskins."

Gomp hadn't stopped stroking his shaft as the conversation had progressed and the red skinned slab of meat was rampantly erect as he watched Mila wander away from the camp with Alagar trailing behind her. Once the orc had disappeared into the trees, the wee demon marched up to Dayna and gave her ass a firm squeeze. "Alright! Enough talk, let's fuck!"

"Alright, alright," acquiesced the mage, peeling off her robes and hose to reveal her pale skinned, trim form. Despite her recalcitrant tone, the wetness between her thighs betrayed how much Dayna was looking forward to a proper rutting. Once she had disrobed, the mage lay on her back and spread her legs for her randy familiar. "Go on then, mount up."

"Don't mind if I do, boss," grinned Gomp as he sauntered over to Dayna, kneeled between her legs and slapped his hefty organ on her mons. After rubbing the swollen member against her clit a few times, the small creature bent at the waist and moaned in delight as he pushed the crown of his cock into the warm, wet confines of Dayna's cunt. "Oh shit, boss," exclaimed Gomp as the mage's hungry quim engulfed his turgid shaft, "I'll never get tired of that!"

"Dammit Gomp, just shut up and fuck me," sighed Dayna, half in exasperation at the imp's ceaseless chatter and half in delight at the sensation of his girthy, hot penis sliding into her needy pussy.

Unwilling to push his luck too far, the tiny familiar clamped his mouth shut and began to pump his hips rhythmically, while reaching out to grope and squeeze Dayna's pert breasts. Soon the clearing was filled with the wet slurping sound of his oversized schlong pistoning in and out of his master's dripping fuck-hole. As her cunt was bred, Dayna closed her eyes and focused on the exquisite sensation of her building climax.

"You think she'll let me fuck her after she's let her wolfy have a turn?" Unfortunately, true to form, the little demon couldn't stay quiet for long, and his crude question brought out Dayna of her coital bliss.

"What?"

Gomp continued leisurely humping away at Dayna's cunt as he repeated his question. "You think the orc will want a bit of demon cock after she's let the warg knot her? I'd love to have another go, maybe try that big green ass of hers a bit."

Dayna's long, auburn hair was plastered to her neck and forehead, the humid heat of the jungle combining with the imp's vigorous pounding of her desperate cunt having brought a sheen of sweat to her skin. She flicked her head, tossing her bedraggled locks out of the way as she looked up at her chatty familiar. "I'm sure they're doing nothing of the sort." 

Even as she spoke, however, Dayna's lust driven brain conjured up the image of the huge, ferocious yet intelligent canine hunched over a female form, his massive, knotted shaft stuffed into a gushing cunt. Yet the warg's mate was no orc - instead, her fevered imagination had replaced Mila's muscled form with her own petite body. Dayna's body shivered with lust and her pussy clenched around the engorged imp cock plugging it.

"Damn, boss, I felt that!" groaned Gomp, his small, clawed hands clamping down hard on the elf's nubile tits. Gripping her jiggling bosom hard, the imp picked up his pace and leaned into Dayna's prostrate body. His seed-heavy balls swung and his pelvis smacked noisily against her as he began fucking her in earnest.

Dayna screwed her eyes shut once more and gnawed on her bottom lip as her orgasm came roiling upwards through her lust-wracked body. With her tits being cruelly teased and her long, slender legs spread skyward, she could only manage a shuddering moan. "Mmmmm gonnnna cummmm..."

"Oh fuck yeah, boss!" agreed Gomp, through gritted teeth. "Clench that elf cunt on my cock!"

The mage's body responded instinctively, her quim exerting a vice-like grip upon the veiny, brick red phallus entombed within it as she tried to milk the seed from it. Her efforts were rewarded moments later when a sudden gush of boiling hot cum spurted into her yearning cock-hole, quickly filling the over-stuffed orifice until sloppy rivulets of imp jism squirted from where her cunt-lips were stretched around Gomp's throbbing organ. The imp collapsed over Dayna's sweat shined boobs, his hips still pumping weakly as he unloaded a veritable pitcher's worth of cum into the pleasure dazed elf.

The imp remained slumped atop the mage for a few minutes as the last of his seed pumped into her before he rolled off, his cock producing an obscene *schlop* as it slid from the tight confines of Dayna's well-fucked quim, followed quickly by a river of pearly white liquid. "Sheeeeit," exclaimed Gomp as he flopped to the ground beside his panting master. "A fuck like that almost makes being stuck in a gods damned pocket plane all day worth it."

By the time Mila and Alagar returned to the camp, Dayna had redressed and had managed to bludgeon her hair into some semblance of order. While trying to avoid looking like she was staring, the elf noticed that her orc companion seemed rather relaxed upon her return, and the sensation of a heavy, furred body pressing against her elven skin flitted through her mind before she was able to push the debauched thought away. For her part, Mila simply flashed a quick, toothy grin at the mage before plonking herself down by the fire and launching into another mayhem filled tale of adventure in the mountains.

The next day passed in similar fashion to the first. Gomp had agreed to be transported within the pocket plane in exchange for another favour from Dayna, and the elf and orc had made good time once more, zipping through the jungle, carried by Alagar at an incredible pace. As she clung to the warg's fur, Dayna's imagination was haunted by the lecherous thoughts her familiar's conversation from the previous day had borne, and, between her lingering fantasy and the orc's casual stories of debauchery at the Ogre's Drum, by the time they reached a suitable location to set up camp, Dayna's cunt was hungering to be filled once more.

"I think we'll reach the edge of the jungle by tomorrow evening," said Mila as the two dismounted. "It'll be good to get up into the mountains and out of this heat."

"Uh, yeah," agreed Dayna, her mind elsewhere.

"You going to let Gomp out of that dimension-thingy now?"

"Oh, right, yep," said the elf.

Mila smiled at her knowingly. "I'll just go for another walk then," said the greenskin.

"Uh, yeah, uh about that," murmured Dayna, trying to fight a smothering sensation of embarrassment as the germ of an idea grew in her mind. "You, uh, can, uh, stick around if you want."
