 Author's Note: This was a bit tricky to write and doesn't contain as much of the sexy stuff as the other chapters, but I'm pleased with how it turned out anyhow. I hope readers have grown to like the characters over the course of the story and want to see their adventures continue - I have some ideas bouncing around in my head about what happens after this tale winds down. As usual, your kind comments and good ratings are what keep me writing and any constructive criticism is appreciated.

*****

The Clan Wars, Chapter 19 - Drasich

Dayna fidgeted under the chainmail shirt she was wearing, still getting accustomed to the way the borrowed armour sat on her shoulders. She was standing on the northeastern battlements, intently watching a small copse of trees a few hundred yards from the walls. She had scouted out the area after the group had eaten lunch, making sure the roving bands of centaurs circling Drasich's walls didn't go too near the secluded clump of oaks, even going so far as to teleport over to get a lay of the land. Once she was sure the location was ideal for an illicit meeting, she had magically spoken with the centaur lass, Cress, telling her to meet there. The filly had been unable to respond, thanks to the one-way nature of the magic the elf was using, and Dayna fervently hoped the message had been received. 

She didn't have to wait long for confirmation - her keen eyes focused on the distinct shape of a centaur trotting over to the copse. To her consternation, however, the demi-human was accompanied by a human figure. She glanced worriedly at Pointer, who was standing by her side. The lean elven thief had joined her on the wall while Bann and Mila remained in her quarters, checking their weapons and armour for the upcoming battle. Gomp, too, was back at the university, completing a few preparations the mage had tasked him with.

I think I should go with you, Pointer wrote on his slate.

"I'll be fine," replied Dayna, tightening the purple armband she and the rest of her party had been given, denoting their temporary membership of the city's militia. "If there's a problem, I'll be able to 'port back here more easily if I'm not bringing an extra body along with me."

The thief's brow creased with concern, but he made no further objections.

"Alright, here I go," said Dayna, concentrating as she opened a shimmering portal beside the pair. She stepped through quickly and the portal snapped shut with a sizzle and the faint smell of ozone.

Back at the university, Mila and Bann had cleared the remnants of lunch from the trestle table that sat in the main room of Dayna's lodgings. The large, rectangular room was part study, part comfortable living room. Besides the table upon which the human and orc had spread their various weapons and armour, a desk sat against the exterior wall, next to a pair of bay windows that opened onto a small balcony. A few comfortable chairs were arranged in a circle around a thick rug near the window. While the two warriors carefully attended to their gear, checking the straps and buckles of their armour and making sure the edges of their weapons were honed and their bows well-strung, Alagar slumbered peacefully upon the plush carpet. 

As the two warriors worked, Mila stole a glance at the young human. He was tightening the grip on the shield he had purchased that morning but the orc could tell by the way he was chewing on his lip as he worked that he was uneasy.

"Nerves?" she asked.

"I'm not scared!" he blurted, jerking his head up.

"I don't doubt it," said Mila. "Being a bit anxious before a big fight is healthy. Overconfident fighters tend to get killed."

"Sorry, yeah," said Bann, "just anxious - I've never been in a fight like the one that's coming."

"That makes two of us," said the greenskin, giving the barbarian a reassuring grin.

"You've been in proper battles before, though."

"I guess that's true, but nothing on this scale before."

The two paused momentarily as Gomp entered the room, pulling a small cart behind him. The barrow was piled high with large, heavy stone bricks. Muttering at the indignity of manual labour, the imp proceeded to distribute the bricks in the centre of a number of small, chalk circles with patterned borders that Dayna had drawn on the floor during lunch. Having seen the elf make use of a pine tree with a similarly etched design upon its trunk, both knew the intended purpose of the numerous piles of stones and neither envied any creature on the receiving end of the mage's instant avalanches - a steel helm would offer scant protection against the piles of masonry her familiar was preparing. Before carting in the bricks, the imp had rolled a large barrel into the room and that too now sat within one of the chalk circles.

With a grunt, the tiny demon dumped the last of the bricks in their predetermined spot on the floor and then dragged the cart out of the room on his way to rejoin his master on the battlements.

"Let us know if things get started before we get down there," called Mila at the imp as he went out the door.

"Yeah, yeah..." muttered the tiny demon as he stomped out of the room.

"How soon do you think?" asked Bann.

Mila shrugged. "Not before this evening I imagine," she replied. "Judging by the size of that army, it'll take some time to assemble into assault battalions and a night attack would limit the casualties our archers and war engines can inflict as they approach the walls."

A flicker of concern traipsed across the youth's face. Mila raised her eyebrows in query.

"I've got friends out there," explained Bann.

"And Dayna's out there making a plan with them right now," soothed the orc.

"Still..." mumbled Bann before letting out an explosive sigh. "Fuck, this sucks! I hate this waiting!"

Mila nodded sagely. "Yeah, it's better when you don't know the fight's coming - no time to worry. Still, there's a few tricks to make the waiting easier."

"Oh really?" said Bann, dropping his shield back onto the table. "I'll do anything to take my mind off this crap."

"Well, some like to drink, but I don't stand by that technique - I find a clear mind is best for a proper fight, unless it's only a punch-up in a tavern. I've also seen some who can sleep before a fight," continued the orc, casting an envious glance at the slumbering form of her warg, "but damned if I'm able to get some shut-eye before a battle."

"So what do you do?"

"Honestly? I find a nice hard fuck works best."

"I've heard some of the clan warband leaders don't like if their warriors... you know... before a battle," said Bann. "They say it's best to keep your energy for the fight."

"Bah!" snorted Mila, unbuckling her belt. "There's nothing like a good shag to get your blood hot and your mind clear before a brawl. Tumble before you rumble is what I always say."

Bann watched as the muscular greenskin pulled her shirt over her head and undid the knot on the leather bra that confined her impressive bosom. Despite the lingering after-effects of the spell he had been under, his anxiety over the coming battle had all but smothered his normally irrepressible lust. The sight of Mila's massive tits, jiggling slightly as she freed them from the restraining embrace of her undergarments, quickly caused his libido to reassert itself.

"So?" grinned the orc, beginning to shimmy out of her leather trousers. "You gonna get out of that kilt and into this pussy?"

The orc's sly smile was contagious - the young barbarian couldn't help but return it as he shucked his tartan. His oversized organ was already swelling with desire as he struggled to pull his tunic over his head. Taking advantage of the young fighter's hapless state, Mila stepped over to him and gave the mammoth member a few perfunctory tugs. Bann's grin grew into a foolish smile at the amazonian warrior's touch and he reached out to grope Mila's hefty, olive-skinned tits once he'd finally managed to remove his shirt.

"Nothing like a fat, juicy, cock to loosen a girl up before a fight," growled the orc approvingly as she teased Bann's swollen phallus. "How're those titties working out for you?"

"Uh, they seem to be doing the trick," said Bann through his smile, his fingers finding Mila's hard, dark green nipples. He pinched the prominent, erect nubs between his thumbs and forefingers.

With her free hand, Mila reached behind Bann's head and roughly mashed his face to her breast. "Go on," she commanded. "Suck on my titties."

"Yeth ma'am," came Bann's muffled response.

Moving both hands to the hefty boob his face was squished against, the young man sank his fingers into Mila's ample titflesh. Firmer than an elf's or a human's, the orc's breasts still had a wonderful heft and softness. As he nibbled and sucked on the diamond-hard nipple in his mouth, he marvelled at how the orc's skin felt thicker than a human's under his fingers, wondering if that was the reason her melon sized tits seemed to defy gravity, despite their impressive size. 

Grunting with pleasure as her breasts were manhandled by the eager youth, Mila leaned back, resting her ass against the edge of the table, and used both hands to shift Bann's head to her other tit. Presented with a new bounty to explore, Bann dutifully got to work, his schlong pulsing with desire, despite having been released from Mila's grasp. For her part, the warg-rider let the lad go about his work until her nipples felt tight with arousal and her cunny dripped.

"Alright boy, that's enough," growled the cock-hungry greenskin, relinquishing her grip on Bann's head. "Time to get that dick wet."

Panting for air, Bann straightened himself while Mila hefted herself up onto the table and spread her legs. Moving with lust-driven purpose, he quickly lined his bloated tool up with the orc's glistening fuck-hole and pushed himself into her. Slick with her juices and built to take hefty orc cocks, Bann's heavy slab of fuck-meat slid easily into Mila's quim. The barbarian moaned in pleasure as he felt the velvety-smooth embrace of the orc's cunt envelop his achingly hard member.

"Fuck yeah," sighed Mila, clenching her pussy around the girthy intruder. "That's the shit."

Bann could only growl in response and began to pump his hips. Eyes half closed in bliss, Mila leaned back on her elbows and draped her legs over the young warrior's muscled arms while he got down to the business of mating with her welcoming cunny. Neither was looking for a languid, slow coupling and both were soon panting and grunting as Bann pistoned his gargantuan shaft into Mila's juicy hole. Each heavy thrust of Bann's hips produced a wet squelch and a meaty slap as his engorged member squeezed a pungent mix of pre-cum and fuck juice out of the orc's quim and his thighs smacked against the jiggling cushion of Mila's asscheeks.

Soon, both warriors were covered with a sheen of sweat and the air around them grew heavy with the musky scent of fevered rutting. Obscene fluids dripped down the crevice of Mila's butt and Bann's thighs glistened wetly with the creamy evidence of the orc's pleasure. Unable to keep herself upright under the frantic pummeling Bann was delivering to her overstimulated cunt, the orc slumped onto her back, grabbing Bann around the neck and pulling him against her. Without breaking pace, Bann lifted his arms over Mila's legs and pressed himself against her, his sweat-glistened chest squished against her meaty jugs.

"You gonna cum for me?" panted Mila, wrapping her legs around his waist.

The youth didn't bother replying, simply increasing his desperate rhythm as his balls heaved with an urgent hunger. With his climax swelling within him, Bann viciously pounded the orc's sloppy cunt until he could hold back the onrushing tide no longer. With a feral bellow that caused Alagar to raise his head from his slumber and blink his eyes owlishly, Bann's cock exploded.

Mila's eyes shot open as she felt hot jets of seed surge into her well-fucked cunny. The boy's tool throbbed powerfully as it hosed scalding hot, sloppy jism into her and the orc grunted in delight as the intense sensation forced another orgasm from her sublimely stuffed twat. Even as he came, however, the youth pried himself out of Mila's grasp and the greenskin's pleasure mixed with disappointment as she felt Bann pull his still-spurting shaft from her grasping cock-hole.

"Hey..." the orc began to object, but her words trailed off when she felt Bann's bloated, cum spurting glans against her sphincter and his intent became clear. She grinned hungrily and reached down to her ass, gripping her asscheeks and spreading them for the young warrior.

His face a grimace of pleasure and concentration, Bann pressed his spasming cum-hose against the wrinkled ring of Mila's anus, glazing the orifice with his slimy discharge as it spewed from his cum-slit and smearing it around with his angrily swollen cockhead until both her ass and his glans glistened with the obscene, slippery ooze. Once her butthole was properly coated with the sloppy stuff, he slowly pushed his member into her.

Mila's asshole yielded readily to Bann's steady intrusion. During her time as a whore in The Ogre's Drum, many a patron had spent quality time inside the orc's well-rounded buttocks and she'd learned how to flex her muscles 'just so' such that she could take the heftiest of cocks. Thanks to this experience, Mila's anus clamped hungrily down on Bann's organ once he'd seated it within her, delectably tight and lubed with a healthy load of jism. Bann groaned in pleasure as his cock slid into the cum-greased hole. Still holding her buttcheeks apart for the well-endowed warrior, Mila bit her bottom lip while her eyes rolled back in pleasure at the exquisite penetration.

"Fuck, that's good!" growled Bann as his dick came to rest, balls deep in the orc's ass. He paused, letting both his cock and Mila's butt adapt to their current, obscene predicament. Beneath him, Mila panted with lust.

"I'm gonna start moving, ok?" said the youth.

"Do it!" snarled Mila through clenched teeth. "Fuck my ass!"

Both warriors breathed heavily as Bann began to gently buck his hips, sliding his mammoth dong a short ways out of Mila's butt before shunting it back into her. With each pump, he pulled his tool a little further out of the vice-like grip of the muscled orc's sphincter, steadily increasing his pace until the two were rhythmically humping like the fuck-drunk beasts they were. Bann watched as Mila's pussy flexed sympathetically, oozing cum, while his thick shaft slid in and out of her ass. Her large clit protruded hungrily from its hood and the lad reached down to place his hand against the sweat-slick, green skin of Mila's mons so that his thumb rested on her engorged pleasure button. With small, circular motions, he massaged the aroused organ, eliciting surprisingly gentle moans from the thoroughly stuffed orc.

The combined sensations of Bann's bloated cock plundering her ass while he toyed with her desperately aroused clit was obscenely exquisite and Mila came fast and hard. Fem-cum splurged uncontrollably from her cunt, splashing against Bann's well-defined abs, while her muscles tensed and her skin beaded with sweat. Even as she came down from the divine experience, her body shuddered with aftershocks of pleasure.

"Fuck-uh-ing hells, boy!" she groaned. Sweat trickled down her cleavage.

Bann grinned back at her.

"Pull that oversized piece of meat outta my ass for a moment," said Mila. "I gotta get some fresh air."

Relishing the exquisite, silken sensation of Mila's asshole sliding along his slick cock, Bann slowly drew his tool from the greenskin's anus. Once the lad had withdrawn fully, Mila got to her feet and led the young warrior past the napping form of her warg and over to the large bay windows. A cool breeze brushed across the sweaty pair's skin as she opened them.

"Ahhh, that's better," remarked the orc, bending over the wrought iron railing of the small balcony and presenting her ass to Bann. She wiggled her butt. "Alright, back to it, boy, and be quick about it - we should be getting down to the walls."

Bann lined his throbbing erection up with the orc's glistening, cum-lubed asshole. "I'll do my best," he said through clenched teeth as he pushed his swollen organ back into the hole it had so recently been seated in. He groaned in pleasure as Mila's slick, experienced anus easily received his girthy member. "Damn, that's good..."

"Fucking right it is," growled Mila, clenching her arse around the weighty intruder.

The view from Dayna's balcony was impressive. Below them, a few university apprentices, led by the beholder Trelisopoles, were erecting a barricade of desks and other furniture at the entrance to the college. Beyond, guards could be seen taking up positions on the walls and rooftops. However, neither of the frantically rutting pair paid the expansive panorama any heed. With his shaft ensconced within his orcish comrade's incredible asshole, Bann could only think of pounding it as fast and hard as he could while, on the receiving end of a vigorous assfucking, Mila gripped the railing tightly with one hand and frantically massaged her clit with the other. Well greased with cum and practiced in the act of sodomy, the orc's ass slid smoothly along the barbarian's tumescent dick as he pumped his hips, each heavy thrust causing her olive-skinned buttcheeks to ripple and her heavy tits to bounce. 

Mila's orgasm came quickly, roiling up from her thoroughly stuffed ass and tingling across her sweaty skin until it danced across her scalp. As she revelled in the sublime sensation, she clenched her asshole rhythmically around the bloated slab of fuckmeat inside her, seeking to milk the hot jism from it. Despite having so recently deposited a load of his seed in her twat, Bann couldn't resist Mila's professional anal dick-milking. With a bellow that caused a few of the acolytes far below them to look up, startled, he bent over the greenskin and proceeded to fill her bowels with his spunk. Hands unconsciously grabbing her hefty mammaries, hips jerking spasmodically, the pleasure-wracked youth moaned and grunted while his overstimulated cock went about the task of pouring jizz into the orc's anal passage until it spurted obscenely from where her sphincter was stretched around his throbbing organ.

With Bann slumped over her back, Mila leaned, panting, against the balcony railing, gently flexing her ass as she drew out the final drops of ejaculate from the twitching dick still plugging her ass. As much as she was curious to see if she could get him up for another round, however, she knew the two of them had to go meet up with the others, so she slowly pushed herself upright. Feeling her move beneath him, Bann eased his deflating phallus from the orc's sperm dripping butt.

"Come on, lad. Help me get my armour on," said Mila as Bann stepped back from her. She could feel the boy's seed oozing from her gaping asshole to trickle down the inside of her thighs. 

"Should I see about getting some water to bathe?" asked Bann as the pair went back indoors.

"Nah, no time," shrugged Mila and then flashed a grin at the northman. "Besides, a bath would probably just turn into another fuck session."

Bann smiled back. "Sounds better than getting trampled by that army out there."

Mila could still feel Bann's cum oozing from her asshole and squishing between her buttcheeks by the time the two were climbing up the steps to the battlements where Pointer, Mila and Gomp stood. Dayna was leaning against the parapet, looking a little tired, and the orc raised her eyebrows in query as she approached.

"How'd it go?"

"Not as well as I'd hoped. I met with Cress and a friend of yours called Hedda," replied Dayna, looking over at Bann as she mentioned the blonde spearmaiden. "They'd done a little surreptitious scouting before the meet and they came to the conclusion that Kalliya and Gaermeon have most of the prominent warhost commanders under their sway. They also said the attack is definitely going in after sundown."
