 Author's Note: The sloppy saga continues. Thanks for the positive feedback so far - I wouldn't bother posting these were it not for the comments and likes. Lots of debauchery in this chapter, including a bit of warg action - if that's not your cup of tea, I'd recommend finding some different reading material.

*****

Chapter 17 - Bann

"Of course you're being used! You're all just a bunch of over-aggressive shitheads!"

Through the fog of magical lust in his head, Bann watched the lithe elven woman rage. They were gathered in a back room of the Ogre's Drum, the bustle of the inn's common room reduced to a muffled murmur. After some hesitation, Cress had informed the inquisitive elves and orc about the reason for her seeking them out - the host's march on Drasich, Bann's curse and the possibility of demonic influence. Upon hearing about the army gathering to besiege her home, the elven mage had grown furious and was now berating the glum looking centaur.

"Getting you warmongering assholes to attack the free-cities was probably the easiest part!" ranted Dayna. "Now she's going to smash her way into the city and when she gets the stone to the tower who fucking knows what will happen!?"

Cress looked confused at the mention of stones and towers, but, nevertheless, tried to placate the angry elf, "I-I'm sorry! You're right! We're fucked up!"

"Bah! I should leave you and this lust-addled barbarian to rot!" spat Dayna.

"No!" begged Cress. "Please! We'll do anything to help you!"

"Dayna..." soothed Mila. "It's a fucked up situation, but we have to stop this demon from getting the stone to the tower somehow - we need whatever help we can get."

Dayna sat down on a nearby chair, breathing heavily and trying to get her temper under control. "Fine!" she growled at the centaur. "Leave the boy with me and get out."

"Huh?" said Cress, perplexed by the mage's demand.

"Leave him here," Dayna repeated. "I'll break the spell."

"Are you sure I should go?" said Cress, a worried frown creasing her brow. "He can be a little *ahem* forceful in his current state."

Mila, having a bit more knowledge about what was about to happen, opened the door for the centaur. "Go on, girl," said the orc. "She knows what she's doing."

"Oh, uh, okay," said Cress, and anxiously followed Pointer out the door.

Bann made to stumble after his departing companion, but Mila shut the door and placed a hand on the young man's chest, halting his progress. Oblivious to what was happening, the dazed youth simply switched targets and reached out to grope the orc's bountiful bosom. Mila didn't stop him and let the barbarian maul her tits through her linen blouse as she manhandled the stupefied human over to the large bed against the far wall of the room. Built for centaurs and other larger races, the bed was a sturdy piece of furniture and low to the ground. Mila unceremoniously pushed the addled youth onto it. The young man's kilt left little to the imagination, and the orc let out a low whistle at the impressive bulge at the front of his garment.

"So, uh, how do you want to this?" asked Mila, eyebrows raised as she appraised Bann's prominent tent.

Dayna stood up and crossed over to the bed. Bann tried to rise from his supine position, but Mila simply leaned over him, placing her foot on his chest. While her friend held the barbarian down, Dayna unbuckled his kilt and yanked it down. The column of cock-meat that greeted her was obscene in size. The elven mage's cunt practically juiced itself right then and there in anticipation. She looked up at Mila to find the orc looking back her, eyes wide open in surprise. 

"I think I can, um, handle this," said Dayna, her fuming anger fighting a losing battle against her hunger to sit on the lad's fat cock.

"I don't mind taking this one for the team," countered Mila, salivating at the prospect of stuffing that monster inside her. "You seemed pretty upset earlier - if you're not in the mood..."

Dayna rolled her eyes at the orc and began pulling her tunic and hose off. Mila chuckled at her friend's ravenous appetite and finished undressing the addled northerner, who took every opportunity during the activity to squeeze and grope her curvy body.

"In all seriousness," said Mila as she disrobed Bann, forcing his exploring hands from her boobs and peeling his shirt off over his head, "I know you're angry that these northerners are planning to attack Drasich, but you gotta understand; it's their way. Raiding and pillaging their neighbours is basically how their society operates."

"Seems a pretty stupid and mean way of life," said Dayna as she folded her clothes and placed them on a nearby chair.

"Well, it was only a hundred years ago that the Thaeans thought nothing of conquering the northern peoples," the orc pointed out. "There's still elves alive who profited from the Empire's dominion."

Dayna thought of her own family, their sprawling estate and fleet of trade ships back in Ceres Bay. The Te'alor family had certainly made good from the Empire's hegemony. A flush of guilt mingled with the blush of arousal in her cheeks.

"Yeah, but we gave that up-" she began to object.

"Only after a bunch of these northerners got together and sacked the capital," rebuffed the orc. "The only thing that's kept the northern clans from doing it every summer is the fact that they find it much easier to raid each other every year. I wonder if it's the demon you've mentioned that's managed to get them to cooperate this season. Either way, if it hadn't been for their 'stupid and mean way of life', as you put it, we'd probably be fighting each other right now instead of arguing over who gets to ride this fat dick."

"So, what, you're saying I should be happy they're planning on rampaging into my home?"

"No, of course not," said Mila. "I'm just saying it's not these two who are to blame. At least not directly. They're just doing what their people have done since before elves even showed up in this part of the world. Besides, if we help them, they'll help us and maybe we can stop this craziness from getting out of hand. If we stop Kalliya and this demon of hers, maybe the northern tribes will see how their leaders have been duped."

"I guess you're right. I didn't know mercenaries could be so reasonable," said Dayna, shaking her head ruefully.

"Bah!" snorted Mila. "I like a good fight as much as any northerner, but if mercenaries kept grudges, we'd run out of employers pretty damn fast. Anyway, are you going to fuck this cock or can I?"

The elf smiled, her anger subsiding somewhat. "Alright, alright, I'm on it."

Mila moved out of the way while Dayna clambered on top of Bann, positioning herself so the barbarian's tremendous fuck-stick stood poised and erect below her hungry cunt. Biting her lower lip, Dayna wrapped her hand around the girthy shaft and caressed her pussy-lips with its pre-cum slick head. As her friend prepared to impale herself on Bann's monumental dick, Mila shucked her own clothes and clambered up on the other side of the bed. Dayna raised an eyebrow quizzically at the orc.

"What?" said Mila, moving to straddle Bann's head. The barbarian below her reached up to seize the orc's voluminous green buttocks, sinking his fingers deep into her smooth skin as he pried apart her cheeks to reveal her moist cunny and the wrinkled rosebud of her asshole. "If you get to ride that gorgeous cock, at least I can see if this boy knows how to eat pussy."

Dayna grinned at her friend. The greenskin's forthright manner and congenial attitude was contagious. "I didn't say anything," said the mage. "Shall we?"

"Way ahead of you, girlie," said Mila, her voice transforming into a gutteral snarl of pleasure as she mashed her cunt against Bann's face. Despite his addled state, the northman seemed to know what to do when a pussy was placed against his lips and Mila growled in delight as his tongue got to work.

As Bann began slurping noisily at Mila's twat, Dayna eased herself down onto his swollen cock, moaning with pleasure as the engorged organ stretched her pussy lips wide and slid into her. Hot, thick and veiny, the massive pillar of cock-meat felt incredible and the elf took a moment to gather herself once she'd seated herself properly on the impressive dong. "Shiiit," sighed Dayna, her half-closed eyes lazily gazing at Mila's massive tits and erect, dark green nipples. "That feels really nice."

"Yeah, rub it in, why don't you," joked Mila, thoroughly enjoying the barbarian's oral ministrations. "And, by the way, my face is up here."

Dayna looked up and giggled. "Ha! Sorry, was just lost in the moment, you know? Anyway, with big ole boobs like that, can you blame me?"

Mila bucked her hips back and forth, grinding her cunt against Bann's eager tongue. She smiled at her friend. "Didn't think you swung that way," said the orc. "Go ahead and touch them if you want."

"I don't, usually," said Dayna, beginning to bounce gently on Bann's entombed cock, "but a girl can get curious. Yours make mine seem so tiny!"

The elf reached out and put her hands on the orc's heavy breasts, marvelling at the weight of the huge, round orbs. She gently caressed Mila's deep green nipples, enjoying how the hard, wrinkled texture of the erect little nubs contrasted with the smooth skin of the orc's pendulous tits. "Don't sell yourself short, babe," remarked Mila, arching her back and thrusting her chest out so Dayna could more easily play with her boobs. "You've got a great pair of titties for a skinny wee lass like yourself. We orcs just breed 'em big."

"It's true," said Dayna, increasing her pace and daring to give Mila's bountiful mammaries a hearty squeeze. "I've never seen an orc who's light in the chest."

Mila lifted her hands and placed them over Dayna's, squeezing her tits together while hefting them upwards. "They can get in they way a bit, but you should see the way I can make a man's eyes cross when I give him a proper titty-fucking."

"Now who's rubbing it in?" pouted Dayna, her own smaller, pert bosom jiggling in time with her rhythmic bouncing upon Bann's rampant erection.

The greenskin flashed her a wry grin, all tusk and teeth. "Hey, I wasn't the one who got all distracted by boobs. Weren't you meant to be casting a spell or something?"

"Oh yeah," said Dayna, chuckling at how distracted she'd gotten. "Give me a moment." 

The mage closed her eyes and began to concentrate as she rode Bann's cock, sending her will into the supine human even as she continued groping her friend's ample breasts. She could feel a magical fog enshrouding the barbarian's mind, and began the work of engulfing it with her own magical energy until all it would take was a final release to throw off the lusty domination that held the man enthralled. The steady, pistoning impacts of his cock into her cunt acted as a blissful metronome that seemed to make her spellcasting easier and not long after she had begun her spell, she opened her eyes again. In front of her, Mila's face was a picture of passionate focus. The orc was bucking her hips frantically, grinding her clit against Bann's tongue, all the while growling lustily, her eyes screwed shut, as she tried to coax her orgasm out. Spell-casting complete, Dayna gave Mila's tit a cheeky squeeze and increased the pace of her energetic bouncing. Mila opened her eyes and grinned at her friend, who smiled back. 

"All done casting spells?" asked the orc.

"Yeah -uh- just -uh- gotta -uh- make -uh- him -uh- cum!" grunted the elf, humping her cunt up and down the length of the northman's tumescent shaft.

Mila leaned forward and wrapped her arms around Dayna's shoulders, arching her back and sticking out her ass as she did so. "Hells yes!" she groaned. "Boy just stuck his tongue in my ass!"

With their tits mashed together, Dayna held onto the orc's waist in return and used the green skinned woman's muscular body for leverage as she held herself up and let Bann vigorously pump his wide tool into her waiting pussy. The young man was fucking like a machine, thrusting upwards mechanically with his cock even as he tonguefucked the orc's ass - an insatiable, lust driven beast finally satiating its carnal hunger. The steady, slapping, pussy pummeling the barbarian was giving her and the feeling of Mila's toned body and large, firm breasts pressed against her drove Dayna over the edge. Her hands slipped down from Mila's waist and she sank her fingers into the orc's lush buttocks, clenching hard as tremors of delight rippled through her.

Bann didn't stop, even as the elf atop him shuddered through her orgasm, and the young man continued driving his swollen shaft into the sopping wet cunt wrapped around it with fevered energy. Dayna was gasping for air as she was fucked and clung to Mila desperately while waves of pleasure washed over her. Mila chuckled at her friend's predicament and grabbed the smaller woman in a rough hug, pushing the elf's panting face into the valley of her own heaving cleavage. The threesome stayed like that for a long while; the orc holding the elf to her chest while the young man below energetically serviced them, his throbbing shaft teasing out Dayna's orgasm to perilous length while his probing tongue coerced an only somewhat less rigorous climax from Mila. 

Eventually, Dayna pushed herself up out of the embrace of Mila's cleavage, breathing deeply. "Oh damn," she groaned, "that was incredible. I have to take a break though, otherwise I might lose the spell-link I've got with him."

"Here, let me take over for a bit," said Mila. "Looks like it's going to take some work to exhaust this lad."

It was true, thought Dayna. Despite the thorough reaming her cunt had received, Bann's cock was still as hard as iron. The young man thrust helplessly as she pulled herself off the monolithic tool, his cock searching fruitlessly for the warm, wet embrace it so desired. The barbarian's frantic humping had fucked her almost to the point of insensibility, and Dayna had to struggle to maintain her magical presence in the young man's mind, fighting the post-coital fatigue that threatened to overcome her. On shaky legs, the elf got to her feet and stretched while Mila lifted herself off the addled northerner's face and positioned herself on all fours in the middle of the large bed.

Face slick with the orc's pussy-juice and eyes wild with lust, Bann staggered to his feet, his hands groping at Dayna's bare body. "Damn!" said the mage, grimacing. "He's out of control!"

Mila looked over her shoulder to see her friend struggle with the frenzied barbarian. Thankfully, his dazed state made his movements sluggish and the elf avoided his outstretched arms and ducked around behind him. "Here, boy!" commanded the orc. "Come and get it!"

Bann turned to face the bed and Dayna helped manhandle him on to it. "Help him stuff that beast in my ass," directed the orc, wiggling her large butt. "I've never met a cock that didn't love some quality time in there."

"You sure?" said Dayna. "His dick is fucking huge."

"I'm an orc, darling," said Mila confidently. "I can take it."

"Alright..." said Dayna from behind Bann. Reaching around the young man's torso with one arm, she wrapped her fingers around his girthy member as the youth instinctively kneeled before the orc's presented hindquarters. The boy's cock was oozing a tremendous amount of pre-cum and Dayna helpfully rubbed the swollen glans against the orc's flexing sphincter, smearing the sloppy lubricant liberally over the soon-to-be stuffed orifice. She could feel the heat radiating off both Bann's veiny shaft and Mila's slick pussy and marvelled that the greenskin was going to take such a monster in her ass.

Adrift in a magical fog of lust, Bann had no such compunctions, and bucked his hips as soon as his cockhead made contact with Mila's asshole. Dayna threw her other arm around the boy's waist in an effort to restrict his movements to a more manageable pace. Using all her strength to slow his progress, the elf watched, wide-eyed, as Bann's bloated glans slowly pushed into Mila's ass.

"Oh FUCK!" snarled the orc as the intruding organ popped past her ring of muscle. "That is a LOT of dick!"

Dayna could see sweat beading on her friend's back and could only imagine the sensations she was experiencing as inch after inch of engorged penis slid inexorably into her anal passage. She put a hand against Mila's buttcheek and gripped Bann's waist tightly, halting his progress.

"You alright?"

"Ungh! I'm good!" growled Mila in response to the elf's worried query. "Keep it coming."

Relaxing her restraining grip, Dayna allowed Bann to resume his glacial insertion. The elf watched incredulously as Mila's sphincter stretched around the behemoth that was sliding into her, devouring more and more of it until, at last, the young barbarian's immense organ was fully seated in the orc's experienced asshole.

"It's all in," announced Dayna. 

Mila's reply came through gritted teeth; "You're telling me... Hold him still and give me a moment to adjust. Been a long time since I've taken a dick like this back there."

Dayna did as she was told and pressed herself against Bann's muscled, sweaty back while placing her hands on Mila's luscious asscheeks, holding the youth against the orc while her friend got used to the hefty slab of cock-meat stuffed in her butt. Seeking to provide what comfort she could, the mage massaged the greenskin's ass gently, helping her relax her muscles and accept the presence of Bann's meaty shaft in her anus.

"Mmm, that's good," murmured Mila at Dayna's touch.

Slowly at first, but with increasing speed, the orc rocked back against Bann's pelvis, letting the movement draw his cock a short ways out of her straining butthole before sliding it home once more. Dayna moved in rhythm with the pair as the pace of their sodomy increased until she could hear the clapping slap of the barbarian's skin impacting the cushion of Mila's buttcheeks. Peering over the barbarian's broad shoulder, the elf watched lustily as Bann's cock pistoned in and out of her friend's welcoming asshole and she felt her pussy moisten in sympathy.

"How does it feel?" she asked.

"Fuck-uh-ing -uh- fan-uh-tas-uh-tic!" grunted Mila, her bob cut hair swaying in time with her bouncing tits and jiggling ass.

Feeling a little left out, the mage clambered onto the bed and lay on her back before sliding herself under the orc's swaying body. Mila shifted her legs as her friend climbed underneath her such that Dayna's head was between her thighs and her pussy was scant inches away from her lips. For her part, the mage was presented with the an obscenely good view of Mila's dripping cunt and Bann's gargantuan cock as it slid in and out of the orc's grasping sphincter. Wondering what her first taste of pussy would be like, Dayna craned her chin upwards and ran her tongue along Mila's slit. On each inwards thrust, the barbarian's heavy, swinging balls slapped against her forehead, but the indignity of the situation was quickly forgotten when she felt Mila press her lips against her own cunt.

The orc lowered herself down against the elf's body, fat green tits squishing against the mage's pale skin, and sucked hungrily on the elven cunny in front of her. Revelling in the debauched situation, Dayna returned the favour in kind and reached up to grip Mila's ass tightly while she slurped at the orc's juicy green twat. Above the two women, Bann continued his work, leaning over the orc's back and pumping his hips, burying his cock into the hot, velvety, tight depths of Mila's ass with mechanical, heavy thrusts.

Mila came first, but only just. The sensation of Dayna's lips on her clit and the heavy pounding of Bann's cock plundering her back door created a cacophony of pleasure that was irresistible. Locking her lips around Dayna's clit and clenching her fingers on the elf's thighs, she shuddered and quivered as she climaxed. Dayna mewled in surprise as a sudden gush of fluids spurted from her friend's cunny to fill her mouth and soak her face. Her surprise was amplified by the sudden jolt of exquisite bliss that sizzled upwards from her pleasure button to tingle through her limbs. Eyelids fluttering at the sensation, her view of Bann's cock taking its pleasure in Mila's ass was suddenly blocked as Bann's balls slapped against her face and the young man hilted his oversized tool in the orc's butt. As she came, Mila's muscles had contracted powerfully around the barbarian's entombed shaft - like a buttery vice, the orc's ass milked the orgasm from him. All three held themselves rigid as they climaxed. Dayna and Mila moaned around the cunts that were mashed to their lips while Bann roared inarticulately and pumped dose after dose of sloppy, hot seed into the orc's bowels.
