 Jamie woke up from his impromptu nap and felt Alessandra shift in his arms. He immediately sensed her arousal and grinned at the memory of taking her virginity. The girl was trying to rub herself against him, while simultaneously trying to not wake him up. He opened his eyes and looked at her cute face. Her eyes were shut and her brow bunched up in concentration. Her small, shapely mouth was hanging open. Her breasts were rubbing against his side and her erect clit was in constant contact with his thigh, her pussy leaving a wet smear on his side.

"I take it you would like some more," he softly said. Alessandra froze and blushed. She kept her eyes closed for a few more seconds and then slowly blinked them open. Jamie couldn't keep from smiling at her embarrassment. It was so adorable. He hugged her tight and kissed her, feeling her rapid breath on his face. "All you have to do is ask." He rolled her over and held himself above her.

She lifted her hands and ran them over his torso, tickling him. He lowered his face to her breasts and feasted on them for his enjoyment. She was already beyond aroused. He sucked and nibbled on her nipples, making her arch her back at the intensity of the sensations. As soon as his cock reached full mast status, he kissed his way up her collarbone and neck to her sweet lips.

He positioned himself at her entrance and gave her a questioning look. She spread her legs even wider and returned a smoldering look, adorned with a playful grin. Jamie smiled and penetrated her, making her call out in delight. He felt like he could last for ages, so he began to fuck her slowly, just enjoying the sensations of their flesh rubbing against each other. She moaned and squealed more and more as the minutes dragged on. His hard meat was steadily fueling her pleasure, but not yet delivering the final spark needed for lift-off.

Alessandra started to gyrate her hips as best she could, considering that he was impaling her, and tried to bring herself off. Jamie smiled and let himself enjoy her random bucking. He could sense how maddening his slow rhythm was to her and how desperately she wanted it to never end, at the same time.

He kept stabbing her and she kept teetering on the brink of orgasm, just moaning and squealing her frustration out loud, until Jamie realized his own release was coming along like a freight train; slow, but unstoppable. With the last of his strength, he sped up his motions and changed his angle, providing her with maximum stimulation. Alessandra shrieked in ecstasy as she shuddered wildly in climax. Jamie went over the edge and his mind blanked from pleasure. He lost track of time and space as his body went through the motions on autopilot. The haze of ecstasy in his brain made him barely aware of rolling off his lover.

Jamie quickly came to and took stock of his situation. He was lying on his back and the sheets were wet and sticky. The water was running in the bathroom and he reached out with his Jedi senses, perceiving Alessandra there. Her whole being hummed with happiness as she washed herself. Jamie shut his eyes and grinned, delighting in the feel of her happiness and the knowledge that he was its cause and source.

He sensed a strong emotion from the other female mind in the house and focused on it. Laura was in the attic and she was frustrated. His grin faltered as he tried to get a better read on her frustration, but couldn't. All he knew was that it was profound and that she was on the verge of tears. He lay in the bed and debated on whether or not he should go upstairs and offer her some help, or comfort. He did have sex with her earlier in the day, after all.

The water in the bathroom stopped and Alessandra came back into her bedroom. Jamie's eyes roamed over her slender, but curvy, naked body and traced the many beads of water that were running down her tanned skin. She smiled in embarrassment and covered herself up with the towel she was using to dry herself. Then she took another look into Jamie's eyes. The lustful appreciation she saw in them made her grin. She exposed herself to him again and reveled in his appreciation of her body. She slowly ran the towel over herself, prompting Jamie's eyes to follow where it lead.

When she was finished with drying, she tossed the towel towards Jamie's face. Jamie caught it and laughed. Alessandra crawled back into bed, moving up his body on all fours like a young panther on the prowl. When she reached his head, she smiled and kissed him. She lowered her firm body upon his and he wrapped her in his arms. They made out for quite a while.

"Are we going to make love again," Alessandra dreamily asked into Jamie's mouth.

"I don't have it in me to go another round," Jamie said. "Though I am tempted. Maybe we could get your mother to cast a spell on me?"

He felt a brief disturbance in her mind, just before she sweetly said, "And maybe you could cast the spell yourself. I wouldn't mind."

Her little suggestion brought to the surface all the secrets in his life. Jamie's mood turned sour. He considered whether or not it was wise to keep the Rossis in the dark about his lack of magic. He decided to stay the course for the time being. "You know I swore I'd never cast another spell, for as long as I live," he said.

"Oh," Alessandra whined in protest, "just a harmless, little one? Just for me? Please!"

"No," Jamie said and gently rolled her off of himself. His limbs felt like wet noodles after all the sexual activity of the day, but he sat up and swung his legs over the edge of the bed.

"Wait," Alessandra said, hugging him from behind. "Don't go! Please, stay! I won't ask you again. Just, don't go!"

"I'm tired," he said. "I need to go home and get some rest."

Alessandra began laying little kisses on his shoulder and murmured, "Don't go," into his skin. "You can sleep here, with me. There's room in the bed."

Her offer was tempting, very tempting, but she had picked at a can of worms that Jamie was just not ready for. He needed to tap the brakes and take the time to sort things out in his own head. Going home was the best way to do it. He sensed she wasn't going to let go of him so easily, so he said, "What is your mother doing in the attic?"

"Oh, some witchy stuff with the old table, or something. Who cares? I want to know what else you can do to me in this bed."

Jamie ignored Alessandra's continued caresses. Laura's grief, frustration and yearning were so strong and so visceral that he was starting to get affected by them, just by casually sensing them. "I have to go," he said, standing up. He looked around for his clothes and then remembered they were in Laura's bedroom.

"Wait," Alessandra called after him as he left her room. She got up and followed. "How do you know she's upstairs?"

Jamie chose not to answer her. He put his boxers and pants on and gathered up the rest of his clothes. He sat down to put his socks on and glanced up at Alessandra, barring the way out of her mother's bedroom. He was starting to sense her fear of rejection rising and that was making him feel bad. "This has been a fantastic day," he said to her. "A day I'll always treasure and remember." He sensed her anxiety rising as she feared a "but" coming along in his voice. He stepped into his shoes and walked to her to rub her sides. "A day of days. With a girl of girls." She giggled as he tickled under her chin. "But I am just a boy. I'm tired and drained. I can be of no more service to you this night."

"We don't have to," she started saying.

"And my mother expects me back home tonight," he said.

Alessandra nodded in understanding and then her eyes lit up. "You can call her," she said. "Tell her you're staying over. I promise I'll let you sleep until the morning."

Jamie sighed. He didn't want to hurt the girl's feelings, not today and not down the line either, but he feared her becoming too attached to him. He feared her falling in love with him and asking him questions. Questions about his past, present and future. Reasonable questions between lovers, yet questions he feared asked. Mainly because he had no answers about his future, only shame to recount about his past and a terrifying uncertainty about what his present was even like. He wasn't eager to tell a bunch of lies in response. Lies always wound up hurting someone. 

He tucked a lock of her long, straight, nearly black hair behind her ear and hugged her close. He kissed her forehead and said, "Alright. I'll spend the night here." Alessandra squealed in delight and would have jumped for joy if he hadn't been holding her at the time. "But we need to have a serious talk before we go to sleep."

Alessandra quieted down some and nodded. Jamie turned her around in his arms and led her back to her own bedroom. He sensed Laura's mind turn to grief upstairs and wondered what the hell was going on with the woman. He dwelled on it until Alessandra slipped out of his grasp to sit on her bed and said, "I'm listening."

"What?"

"You said we need to have a serious talk," Alessandra said, laughing, "just five seconds ago! It obviously can't be that serious, then!"

Jamie shook his head and cleared it of all thoughts of Laura upstairs. He tossed his clothes on the nightstand and knelt before Alessandra. He took her hand in his and searched her eyes. She was smiling at him, but he could sense her trepidation. He was having great difficulty coming up with the words he needed, mainly because he wasn't entirely sure what he wanted to say. He opened his mouth to start a few times and then decided to sugarcoat his words, but play it as straight as he could.

"Listen," he said, "this has been a magical afternoon. We have shared a beautiful experience. I would love to make love to you every day, if I could, but I don't think that's wise. I have done things. Terrible things. There are consequences to my past actions, consequences that I've yet to find out and consequences that would be awful for anyone that is near me when it all comes to a head. There are powerful organizations after me and they'd hurt everyone near me if they came here. For that reason, I think it's best if I don't have anyone close to me in the near future.

"I think it's best if people keep their distance from me until matters... resolve themselves. I don't know when I might have to leave this place, but I do know that I'll leave and it'll be in a hurry. For those reasons, I think it's best that we don't allow a relationship to develop between us. It should be just like your mother said earlier today, a casual thing. I am your casual boy-toy, for as long as you want me, but no more than that. I can't be anything more than that. Not to you, your mother, or anyone else. Do you understand what I'm trying to say here?"

"Yes," Alessandra said. She took both of his hands in hers and nodded. "I understand completely, Jamie. You don't need to say any more." She kissed his hands. "I understand." She kissed him and they tenderly made out for a while.

Jamie was completely drained, but he sensed her arousal rekindle. He pinched her nipples, making her jump and squeal, and pushed her back down on the bed. She lay back and panted as he lowered his face between her legs. He ate her out until she came three more times and then started to beg him to stop. Jamie slowly relented, kissing her pussy and thighs gently as a protracted goodbye. He stood up, undressed and lay down with her in the bed. He pulled her boneless body up into his arms and wrapped a blanket around them. Thoroughly sated, the two of them drifted off to sleep.

Jamie woke up with a rock hard erection between his legs. The sheets were tossed off of his body and he felt Alessandra's dainty fingers slowly tracing the ridges and veins of his shaft. He peeked and saw, in the light of the dawn breaking outside the window, her looking down at his upright staff. He sensed her fascination with his cock and couldn't help but grin at it. "I take it you like it," he whispered, startling her.

Alessandra looked into his eyes, guiltily, and smiled. "And you took the covers off me to look at it," Jamie said, in a mock reproachful tone. "Do you want me to catch a cold and get sick?" She shook her head no and opened her mouth to say something in her own defense. "Then you had better get me warm, this instant!"

Alessandra threw the covers back over him and pressed her body against his side more tightly. "That's not going to be good enough," he said. She looked up at him in slight confusion, uncertain what else she could do. He took her hand in his and guided it lower, until it reached his cock. "I'm losing heat through this thing. If only there was a warm place to put it."

Alessandra smiled a dirty smile as she finally caught his drift. She rose up above him and threw off the covers. She knelt over his hips and took his shaft in hand. She held it steady and lowered herself upon it. They both hissed in appreciation as her wet, tight cavern descended to engulf him. She took him all the way in and moaned at the feeling of fullness. She rode him with wild abandon for as long as he could stay hard. They both lost track of the time in their ecstasy.

When he finally deflated and slipped out of her, she shuddered and collapsed atop him. She opened her eyes and looked out the window. She then turned her attention to the nightstand and tossed Jamie's clothes off it to check her alarm clock. It had already given off its alarm, but it had been muffled by Jamie's clothes and outdone by their cries of pleasure. She swore breathlessly and leaped out of bed. "I'm sorry, I'm late for work," she said to Jamie as she hurriedly jumped into her underwear.

"I thought you worked downstairs, with your mother," Jamie panted questioningly.

"I do," she said, retrieving her work uniform from the closet, "and I'm late."

Jamie lifted his head and checked the time. "At this time of day," he asked incredulously. "It's practically still night!"

Alessandra wasted no time slipping on her uniform as she said, "Half our business is people coming round before work and getting a home cooked meal to go so they can take it to work as their lunch. Mamma cooked up most of the stuff yesterday, but there is fresh pasta to be cooked, fresh bread to be baked and lots of containers to be filled. And I'm so late!" She ran out of her room and then popped her head back in. "I'll be busy until around nine, so..."

Jamie shook his head no. "I have work to do today," he said. "I need to go."

"Will you come back later," she asked. "Tonight, after ten. We always have a dinner crowd on Mondays."

"Ok," Jamie said, "I'll come round after ten."

She smiled a radiant smile and ducked out of sight. Jamie lay back in the bed and stretched his limbs. The sleep had restored his strength, but the lengthy session had drained it all over again. As much as he wanted to get back to sleep and get some rest, he feared Alessandra coming back upstairs around nine and finding him in bed. She'd jump his bones again and he'd find himself hard pressed to resist her advances. The girl was truly spectacularly beautiful. She was cute and sexy at the same time and her exuberance and energy made her irresistible.

Jamie groaned and forced himself to roll out of bed. He gathered up his scattered clothing and slowly put it on. He yawned and stretched again. As soon as he got home, he was going to take a proper nap, he decided. He checked his phone and saw that he had no missed calls, or messages. He frowned. He had half-expected his mother to explode in worry when he didn't come home last night. He felt bad that he hadn't called or sent a message that he'd stay over tonight, but now he saw his worries were unfounded.

He went down the back stairs and exited the house. He walked up the back alley to his car. As soon as he got to it, he sensed attention on himself. He turned around and saw Laura trotting to catch up to him. He sensed mischief and lust coming from her mind and sighed in relief. He had been very worried about her, ever since he had sensed her sorrow and frustration last night.

"You didn't think you could sneak away like that, did you," she said, smiling. She stepped in close, stood on her toes and whispered in his ear, "You didn't think you could just go without fucking me, too? I heard you two this morning."

Jamie sighed. "I'm drained, Laura. Thank you for the offer, but your daughter has left me with nothing in reserve."

"That can be easily fixed," she said, still smiling. She whispered some syllables and waved her hand around, despite Jamie's protests. He recognized the spell as soon as she started to cast it. It was a spell to make him hard and restore his sexual energy.

His cock turned rock hard in an instant and Jamie had to bend over and lift a leg to try and push it down his pant leg. He grimaced in discomfort and pain. Laura, meanwhile, took his keys and unlocked the passenger door. She pushed him back and he fell into the seat, taking the chance to adjust his erection to sit more comfortably in his jeans. She unzipped his fly and reached in to grab his cock. Jamie seized her wrist and whispered, "Not here!" He cast his eyes about. They were on the street, in plain sight, and if people were going to start coming to the trattoria to get take out, then they'd definitely be seen.

She ignored his protest and leaned in to kiss him. Her tongue penetrated his lips and she deftly used it to rid Jamie of his misgivings. When she pressed her large globes against his chest, he forgot all about how tired he was and remembered his car was warded against drawing attention to its contents and passengers. He swung his legs into the car and she somehow clambered onto his lap. Jamie telekinetically swung the door shut.

Laura's skirt rose up to wrap itself around her waist, like a belt, and her crotch was left bare to rub against his cock. She moaned as her pleasure mounted. "You fucked my daughter," she said, "now fuck me!" Without waiting for him to reply or take action, she impaled herself upon his shaft. She rode him with wild abandon, making the entire car shake and rock. A few people passed mere feet away from the car, completely ignoring its rhythmic motions, the two people fucking in it, and even Laura loud wails of sexual pleasure.

They shared many orgasms before Laura was finally sated. She let her spell fizzle away and leaned in to share a deep, passionate kiss with Jamie. "Come back tonight," she said. "After ten o'clock." With that, she left the car and went back into her kitchen, straightening her skirt along the way.

Jamie sat there and panted. He wasn't any more physically exhausted than he had been before she had cast the spell on him, but he couldn't take any more fucking that day. Not emotionally or mentally. He decided, right then and there, that he'd never reveal to the Rossi girls that he was bereft of magical power. He began to suspect that if he did, Laura would charm him into being her sex slave. He scooted over into the passenger seat and started the car to drive home.

When he got there, he saw a note on the fridge that said his mom was at work and that she had taken Suzie to school. Jamie tilted his head quizzically as the message ended with, "you just get some rest!" He heaved a big breath. It seemed to him that his mother had known what the Rossi girls had planned for him yesterday and she approved of it. 

Initially, his mother had been very cold to him for taking her away from her old life. He could tell that she had even blamed him for the revelation that her husband had been cheating on her during their whole marriage. Her feelings completely turned around since he had finished work on the house. He guessed having a big, fancy house he bought and renovated for her had something to do with it. The horror stories Laura had been telling her about her time apart from her own daughter probably had more to do with it than that. He could tell his mother was dreading the day he'd say it was time for him to leave. 
