 In the dimly lit room, facing a caving in the wall; a forge, sat knelt a boy in his late teens. His wavy, jet-black hair gleaming under the light; his face dripping wet with sweat.

In front of the loosely-clothed boy, and inside the blinding forge, was filled with scorching coal chunks that were scattered around. On top of the coal chunks, a deformed thick, metal rod rested, slowly shifting colours from a greyish silver to a glowing red.

The boy placed his hands on a 2-foot long bellows' handle and pushed down, applying his momentum and squeezing it flat. With a swooshing sound, pressurized air gushed out of the bellows' nozzle and flowed into the forge, re-exciting the coal chunks to a fierier gleam. The boy continued to push down on the bellows repeatedly, straining his muscles profusely. Though he sweated at a faster rate, he kept the act going tirelessly.

Soon the metal rod's colour fully adapted to a bright yellow. Upon so, the boy rolled up the long sleeves of his loose black shirt and stood up on his feet. After stretching his limbs in a start, he took a pair of big, black tongs from a table nearby; then crouched beside forge, and used the tongs' scissor-like mechanism to clamp the glowing hot rod, then took it out of the forge. He then carried the rod with the tongs and after walking to beside a big anvil, he released the rod on top of the anvil. He then faced to a corner of the room.

"Mr. Wayland, the rod's heated," he said.

A blond-haired, middle-aged man of a bulky built sat in a chair, wearing black clothing with a leather apron a well. On his lap, he had a sword, and he was polishing its shiny blade with a white piece of clothing. The man raised his head slowly and faced the distant boy with a light smile on his face.

"Done so soon? Darn it... Well, I guess I can't keep complaining about your overly excellent workmanship... Aight then, you polish them swords while I beat the blade," said the man, Wayland.

Wayland got up then placed the sword in his hands on a table, beside many other and walked toward the anvil after handing the white cloth onto the boy. The boy sat down on the chair Wayland had been sitting on, took a sword from the vast many, and began to polish it attentively.

Meanwhile, Wayland took a big hammer with his right hand and a pair of tongs with the other. He then clamped the glowing rod with the tongs and slammed the hammer down on it with brute force. Lifting the hammer back up, he slammed it down again, and again. With his insistent hammering, the rod's shape morphed gradually, becoming slim and straight.

"Oh, yes. I totally forgot, kid. I'm gonna to have to close down the forge for a few weeks, starting tomorrow. My kids back home want me there this winter, so I don't got much of a choice but to be there. So I suppose, till then you got an unannounced vacation... You don't gotta worry, though since you'd be paid even for the days you get off... You don't gotta work, yet you paid... ain't this ya lucky day? So, what you'd be doing this winter, with all the free time that is? If you wanted to, I could take you with," said Wayland, still hammering along.

"No, that's alright. I'd rather stay and figure something," said the boy, with a straight face.

"That so? But last I checked, you got nothing to do here besides the forge and the library. You got no friends, not a single one. It's like you don't even try to get one... Kids your age should be making friends, chasing skirts, yes, mostly the skirts. But you, who's got enviable looks and wouldn't even require chasing since they flock themselves, have no interest. So, If I may ask since I'm quite worried 'bout ya future, why are you like this, Lloyd?"

"Umm... I don't really know. I just have no interest in any of those things..." replied Lloyd.

"I see..." Wayland sighed.

---

Wayland extended a pouch toward Lloyd. "Here you go," he said. For which Lloyd raised his brows, showing a surprised face. "A bit early, yes, but since I'll be away for a while, I'm paying you in advance, which is a smart thing to do."

Lloyd held out a palm, then Wayland released the pouch, letting it drop on Lloyd's palm, making a prompt clanging sound. Lloyd then rocked the pouch lightly, making a frown on his face when done.

"Umm... It weighs a half more than it should," Lloyd said.

"Yea, right... Here I am hoping to surprise you, forgetting that you are a demon from an alternate reality... Yep, I raised your pay... you've been working here five years straight. You deserve that by now. From 10 to 15 silvers,"

"Thank you, Mr. Wayland. It's a pleasure working here. If not for you, I don't even know where I'd be by now," said Lloyd with a still face.

"When you say it like that, it sounds insincere and quite forced..." Wayland chuckled before continuing, "Anyways, I'm glad I got you as my assistant. You show great workmanship, you never whine nor complain, you are the assistant anyone could ever wish for..." Wayland patted on Lloyd's back, "Well then, happy holidays, kid... or in your case, lonely holidays."

Lloyd grinned lightly as he kept the pouch of coins in a black bag and wore it on his back. He then opened the front door into a city street of dark night. Flakes of snow rained down scarcely, up above and on the people that roamed the street. Bright lanterns fixed by the endlessly stacked buildings, illuminating the street just enough for the people to wander about. Shops and stalls which that sold wares of different natures, luring the wandering people.

Lloyd walked amidst the crowds, walking slow while glancing around. Romantic couples holding one other's hands, doting parents and their lovable kids, drunk old men and their bottle of rum; Lloyd witnessed it all as he walked along.

Upon reaching the front a wooden building amongst the multiple similar others, Lloyd halted his steps and entered the building through the open doorway. Inside were a blond lady only in her 20s, sitting behind a desk and a middle-aged man sweeping the wooden floor.

"Welcome back, sir," said the sweeping man. Lloyd glanced at the man briefly before walking toward the stairs up front. "Sir, are you sure you do not need warm water during this season?" the man added.

"I don't, I'd like my water as is," Lloyd said as he climbed up the stairs.

The sweeping man looked at the girl behind the desk. He whispered, "There really is something wrong with him. No one living in this inn, hell, no one in the freaking world can bath in water that cold, yet he rejects the warm water, only worth a few bronze. I bet he just can't afford it, or maybe he's too cheap of a human being... Right, Tulip?"

"Or maybe he just likes to bath in cold water," the girl, Tulip, said.

The man face-palmed. "Never mind, I totally forgot that you got the hots for the guy."

"No, that's not true!" Tulip blurted.

---

Lloyd inserted a key into the keyhole of a door in the long hallway and rotated it anti-clockwise. Then he took the key out, spun the metal handle, and arched the door open. He entered the room with no light aside from the bare moon light that came through the glass window across.

Opening the drawer of a cupboard, Lloyd took out a box of matches. He then ignited one of which and lit a candle he took out off the same cupboard. After that, he used the candle's flame to ignite the few oil lamps at the corners of the room. When done, he put out the candle and kept it away.

With the room now bright, Lloyd took off the bag from his back, took out the pouch of coins, and hung the bag on a nail in the wall. Carrying the small pouch, he crouched beside the cupboard, then pulled out another, but bigger pouch from the back of it. Then he opened the two pouches, and emptied the smaller pouch into the bigger. With silvery, shiny coins flowing down, clanging sounds vibrated along.

Finding a piece of paper stuck at the mouth of the small pouch, Lloyd took it out and glanced over. On one side, there were writings, "Surprise! 15 silvers from now on. You are welcome." To which, Lloyd smiled briefly before placing it away.

"That makes it one hundred thirteen silvers... I guess, I should change it for a gold," Lloyd muttered.

Sliding the big pouch back in its place, Lloyd stood up and took off his cloths swiftly. After taking off everything besides his undershorts, he threw them into a wooden basket at a corner of the room. Then he walked through a door to a sight of a metal bath tub, a sink, and a toilet. Though the room seemed dark, things were roughly clear by the light in the previous room.

Lloyd took of his undershorts, got in the tub, and lay down loosely. He then reached for the tap on the wall and spun it running. Water gushed out profusely, streaming into the tub, and collecting at the base. Lloyd finally closed his eyes, his facial muscles relaxed as he seemed to be soothingly calm state of mind.

---

Now in a pair new undershorts, Lloyd went over and put out the oil lamps one by one. After, he hopped on to the bed and rested his head on a pillow while hugging another. Then he closed his eyes, seemingly sound asleep.

---

On a vast, white, and endless floor, Lloyd lay nestled naked, his eyes closed, sleeping soundly. Around him was nothing but empty whiteness, which seemed to reach no end, even beyond the horizons.

Lethargically, Lloyd's eyes opened, frowning hard as he covered his eyes. After a few moments, his eyes adjusted to the area; thus his eyes eased as well. He then stood up and looked all around with a face basked in annoyance.

"Not this shitty dream again. Fuck..." Lloyd kicked the air violently, "I'm gonna have to sit here for days till my body awakes," he said

Lloyd sat down on the white floor cross-legged, then closed his eyes, and remained motionless. Seconds went by with no motion anywhere. Just then, a crispy sound was heard, as if something was freezing up rapidly. Lloyd opened his eyes wide, only to find a hill of snow few meters ahead of him, which hadn't there before. His brows creased as he looked at the hill suspiciously.

Then the hill of snow, right in front of Lloyd's eyes, started to rise in height, converging itself closer and losing its base area. Soon the pile of snow looked more like an odd, upright cylinder than a hill. Then the oddly-shaped cylinder contorted as its bottom area parted in two while two more parts protruded out of the top area as well.

As it shifted its shape, it seemed to look more and more humanoid with the four protrusions appearing like human limbs. Then a spherical area peeked at the very top, hinting to a head. The figure finally settled at what seemed to be a snowman, except it was a snowman carved to look too human.

The faceless, humanoid snowman moved its legs, arms, and head eerily as if adjusting itself to its form. Then it suddenly shook its hands rapidly, and when it did, snow fell off its hand-like it was a layer on top-and revealed a brittle-looking, ice hand. Then it violently shook its entire body, slowly peeling off more of the snowy layer, and revealing an entirely naked figure of ice.

The light-bluish, see-through figure looked like a sculpture, yet it seemed too intricate to be called so. Add onto that, it could move as well.

"Huh," Lloyd eyes widened as his eyes fell on the naked, ice figure's similar face.

Aside from its icy complexion, its face looked exactly like Lloyd's, shaped the same like they were twin brother. The icy hair on its head was styled the same as Lloyd's, though colourless, wavy and unbridled. His sturdy chest, his stiff tummy, his nimble thighs, even his privates; everything was perfectly shaped on the figure.

"Argh, of-fucking-course. This is a dream, where weird shit happens for no reason whatsoever. Nothing to be surprised of," Lloyd muttered.

Then the ice figure started to walk slowly, moving toward Lloyd in eerie an eerie walk. Lloyd stood up in a jolt and walked back a few steps, with his face showing surprise. The figure came on, getting closer to Lloyd and only stopped when it was three feet away from Lloyd. The figure's gentle, yet eerie movement continued; tilting its head and swaying its fingers.

"It is an honour to get to meet you, my master; for the valour of it is all mine to muster," said the ice figure in a shrill voice, and in verse.

Lloyd stood speechless, staring at the figure's icy face. "What the hell are you?" he said abruptly.

"Maybe I am only a figment of master's imagination; or just an overly vivid hallucination,"

"Ok... This definitely is a dream."

"This certainly is the imagery of slumber, namely a dream; but when had anyone been aware of that while still in stream?" ice figure said.

"..." Lloyd remained speechless before he said, "No one is aware of a dream... while in still it... That's what I theorized three days ago when I had my first dream like this... in that dream I could think freely, even think of it as a dream, which is impossible in any other dream. So, I started to hypothesize it as more than just a dream..." Lloyd's sharply glared at the figure, "Which means you just said my unspoken mind, and that in rhymes... So, this is very weird and all, but the hell are you here? what do you want? And can I please wake up now?"

"I do not know why I came to be... Though, what I want is my master's glee,"

"Master's glee? With your master being me? Ah-ha-ha... Frankly speaking, I am quite happy as I am right now, whatever the hell should you mean?" Lloyd said.

"Deep inside, master loathes his utterly tedious life, for the folks near him are as dull as average housewives... Though the people are to him, considerably nice, he wishes to end the suffering with but a kitchen knife..."

"..."

"The women he sees are too plain and simple; damping his nethers like that of a cripple's..."

"All right, calm down, you've proven your point, so how do you suggest I make my life 'more amusing' and 'live-worthy'."

"Seek the powers, the world's offer, for that is the way to never suffer."

"The powers, the world's offer? Sorcery and physicry? Heh, is it just me, or is unsupervised, unauthorized practice of the superior powers considered a capital crime? I suppose there is no suffering in being deprived of life, at least not after it's over."

"Those who fear, deserve severe; for what they get, is what they let,"

"..." Lloyd said, "That sounded wise and somewhat tempting... All right, let's say I am willing to take the risk, but then how do you expect I acquire said powers? It's not like a written manual would snow down on me, right?"

"Look where there's knowledge in abundance, where one could learn through desire and indulgence."

"Knowledge in abundance... the library? You could've just said 'the library' in only two words... Hmm... How do you expect me to find means of a capital crime in a public facility, a library?"

"Some may not grasp a subtle hint in a cunning quote, but isn't that my master's strength: his ideal forte?"

"Thanks, i guess... Why am I kindled when everything you say are things I know and ponder myself?" Lloyd scratched his jaw, looking at his clone at front, "I guess I'll consider the stuff you said, which I technically knew myself... Quick question, though why are you made of ice specifically?"

"By my honest ignorance, the answer to that cannot be told, but I believe it may pertain with master's resistance to cold,"

"Just as I thought-" Lloyd eyes opened with him on his bed in undershorts. "Huh!"