 Warning, includes strong sexual themes. Intended for Adults only.

PART 1

<><><><><><><><><>

They say that, 'what you don't know, won't hurt you'. Or, that 'ignorance is bliss'.

Those words really didn't matter any more to John... because as it turns out, almost the whole human race was both ignorant and dead, proving that whole idea was completely wrong.

John jolted awake and quickly became aware of his surroundings. Almost as if he was coming out of a long trance, or a deep sleep. The room was dim and it smelled like cooked plastic.

His body ached and when he closed his eyes, he could see the nuclear blasts. He could feel the heat on his skin. Everyone was dead. This wasn't a dream.

So where was he? Was this heaven? Hell? Probably not. He wasn't stupid. He slowly sat up on the soft, squishy floor. This must be an Alien holding cell of some sort.

He knew he had been abducted... this had to be their ship... it was the only thing that made sense. He was sure of it. 

Reports had come across the news. Everyone had seen the giant ship as it entered the atmosphere, some even thought it was a tiny moon, or perhaps that it would be friendly... they quickly discovered that they were dead wrong. Within minutes it had begun to snatch people right off the streets, "beaming" them with up with some sort of transporter ray... like something right out of a science fiction horror movie.

The military was useless against the force-field that surrounded the immense spherical spacecraft. The ship quickly orbited the planet zooming from continent to continent almost randomly selecting humans to grab... but it wasn't very many... only a couple dozen. The last thing John remembered were the reports that the spacecraft had launched a series of nuclear-type bombs that were completely destroying the globe. It was the end.

As the television turned to static, John ran outside only to see the enormous blast of fire that was circling the globe from every horizon, he could feel the heat from the light. Suddenly, the Alien sphere was overhead, and John woke up in this room.

Stunned and a little numb, he stared at his bare feet... it dawned on him that his clothes were missing. Then he looked up around the room. It was curved and tall like a church sanctuary. Like he was inside a giant teardrop. There were no windows or doors, it appeared seamless. The sloping ground was made out of a glowing clear gel type material... it reminded him of a Dr. Scholls shoe insert.

A dozen crazy ideas ran through his head and he glanced around quickly to make sure that something was not going to attack him suddenly. He tried to control his fear. He was shaking.

Across the room on the other side, he spotted another figure lying on the ground. Carefully, he got to his feet. The floor seemed to stick to him... there were small tiny gooey-looking threads that let go as he stood up. He lifted one foot and the same thing happened. It didn't seem to impair his walking... and it seemed almost alive... like millions of tiny tendrils that met and released his feet as he walked. He crouched a little and quietly started inspecting the room. With each step, the soft sloping floor seemed to glow a little brighter as he stepped down.

A quick search confirmed his thoughts... sure enough, there was no obvious way in or out. As he slowly approached, he realized the figure was a woman. Like him, she also appeared naked. She was curled up in a fetal position and her stringy red hair was plastered across her face.

He was surprised that at a time like this, his first thoughts were about her body. He noticed that she wasn't very fit. It made him smile that even in this horribly, scary situation, underneath it all, he was still a man, making decisions about how attracted he was to a complete stranger. She looked to be in her mid 40's... about ten or fifteen years older than himself. She had freckles all over and a flabby, flat butt. Her bad skin was pasty white and she was quite overweight with a chubby gut, and from what he could see, she was almost completely flat chested.

He suddenly wondered if the aliens had put them together for some crazy mating observatory experiment.

Great. If that was the case, this would be really fucked up. This poor gal wasn't even close to his type. He was too much of a pervert, he liked the small waisted, huge chested, bimbo-type girls you would see in porn. Definitely not the lady in front of him. Not that he was the greatest guy in the world. In real life, he had to take what he could get. He was short, about 5'6" with a receding hairline, he was out of shape and he had a spare tire gut. He knew he wasn't very good looking. But even if he was less than average everywhere else, at least he had a dryish sense of humor, which was attractive to certain women. He had been divorced for a few years and had recently been dating a big chested lady he met at the quicky-mart named April. She wasn't exactly a knock-out - she was way too tan and she smoked, but she was easy going, she liked sex and he liked her big boobs. He paused and wondered where she was now. He wondered if she was probably dead now.

Yeah... nice. Only he would think of morbid shit like that at a time like this. He bet, in reality, he was some Alien snack. This was just some weird holding cell and he probably was going to get eaten or dissected. And lord knows what those tendrils were doing to him.

Every science fiction movie he had ever seen warned him not to wake her up. He hoped that she was a human just like him... and not some sort of monster that would attack him. But he wanted to see if she knew any more than him. And he figured, if the Aliens wanted him dead they would have killed him by now. He could see that those little tiny tendrils were also attached to her body where it came in contact with the floor.

Reaching down with his leg, he almost tapped her with his foot on the shoulder... but before he could touch her, he stopped himself.

He smiled, realizing what a chicken he was... was he really afraid to touch her? He leaned in again closer this time and lightly blew her hair away from her face with his breath. Her eyes snapped open.

"AHH!" she screamed. She jerked away from him and scrambled back away from him on all fours. The tiny tendrils came away from her body where she had been in contact with the floor. They looked like spider webs, and as soon as she moved, they retracted back into the gel floor and disappeared.

"Whoa... whoa... it's ok... I'm not going to hurt you," he said. He realized he was covering his privates with his hands. He got a good look at her face... and she definitely wasn't anything to write home about. As a matter of fact, she looked like she got hit a few extra times with the ugly stick.

"What is going on! Who are you? Where are we? What were you doing?" she screeched at him, she eyed him up and down. "Why are you naked?!!" she looked down at herself. And quickly covered her mosquito-bite size boobs with her forearm. "Why am I naked?! Where are my clothes you freak! Help! HELP!" She screamed... looking around in every direction. She pulled her legs up to her chest defensively.

"Stop! Stop Screaming! I wasn't doing anything," he realized he was chuckling... he didn't know what else to do... this situation was ludicrous. She stared at him, frozen like a deer. "I think we're on that Alien spaceship... I think they abducted us and put us in this room. I just woke up over there," he pointed.

"What? No. No! This isn't happening! Tell them to take us back! My dogs... where are my dogs... Tigger! Pooh! Oh no, I was just feeding them! Where are you guys?" she looked around, wide eyed and crazy.

"Listen... lady... whoever you are... your dogs are not here. You need to calm the fuck down! It's just us. You and me. There's nobody else here. And I don't see any doors or windows, so we aren't going anywhere. My name is John. John Peterson." He extended his hand, "I'm from Nashville. I have no idea why we are here. But I think everybody else is dead. Look, the last thing I remember, that alien ship... This alien ship... Was nuking the planet and for some reason decided to pick us up... and now, it appears we are trapped in this room together."

With that... she put her face in her hands and just started crying.

Great, he thought... just great. It's the end of the world as we know it... and I get stuck with the ugly old emotional fat chick with no boobs and no clue.

<><><><><><><><><>

John was right. Everyone on Earth was dead. The only remaining humans in the Universe, all 32 of them, were now trapped aboard the alien spacecraft. Unfortunately, the Aliens didn't spend too much time researching the appropriate correct cross-section of humans that would be necessary for their purposes. This was more of a "snatch and grab" scenario than anything else. In human terms, these aliens would be considered quite sloppy about what they did. Rather than work out the careful social, biological subtleties of a race, they just quickly appropriated a random cross section of sentient beings and then were on their way. Their captives were shoved into the containment area and they either survived or not. If not, then the beings were not worth the hassle anyways. They had limited room on their ship and there were far too many stops to make. Like wine tasters at a convention, they were only concerned with finding the perfect glass.

These aliens did not have any remorse for their complete annihilation of the planet and all of its life forms. This was just business as usual. Now that they had what they came for, they needed to make sure no-one else could get access to their 'find', so they destroyed all life on the planet. As they left the magnetosphere of Earth, they delivered their final blow by launching a final weapon that cracked the entire planet and sent the ruined pieces barreling into the sun.

After all, the humans were just another species to test, out of trillions, and if they failed the test, as far as most aliens were concerned, they weren't good for anything anyways.

The ship was already traveling at Faster than Light speeds away from the Solar System towards another hot tip for sentient life in this section of the Galaxy.

These particular aliens were humanoid, but their mission was obviously not one of peace. On Earth, they were what we would consider to be severe drug users or addicts... or better yet, exploiters... with one soul purpose... to find another way to feed their addiction.

Therefore, they were not interested in any of the resources on planet Earth, except one.

They sought other sentient species in order to test them.

You see, these Aliens had a terrible habit. And without their drug, they would die a disgusting, painful death, which is even more shocking when you realize that with the drug, they were almost immortal in life span. Every being in their race was addicted. And their drug of choice was nothing more than concentrated... Pleasure.

Yes, these aliens were pleasure miners.

Tens of thousands of years ago, they discovered that the essence of Pleasure itself could be converted into an extremely potent substance that eventually evolved to become the currency of the cosmos.

These Aliens were in constant search of new sources of pleasure... 

Their long history has been a violent expansion where they have enslaved other, younger sentient beings and learned how to extract the pleasure from those other beings, refine it and then sell it at a high price.

Pleasure could not be artificially created. Despite what our secular atheistic society felt about the non-existence of a soul, they were wrong. If humans had been left alone, they would have eventually discovered that the religious and pious had been actually right, in a way, all along. The soul did exist... future scientists would discover that it was an integral part of the "dark" matter that filled the universe. And furthermore it was only found to be concentrated inside actual sentient beings. The soul was a metaphysical entity that became trapped during the life cycle of sentience. Lesser animals, like dogs or dolphins only contained negligible amounts. 

The soul and sentience were both required to generate pleasure. The Aliens had long known that very few species could be used to produce what they specifically needed, there were problems with compatibility, quantity and flavor.

The Aliens could then absorb it in various ways to get their fix. However, as with any drug, it wore off with time and the addicts always needed more, both for the pleasure it provided and the endless continuation of their lives. 

Sadly, it takes a lot of work to make a single drop. And unfortunately, outside of the central planets, finding a compatible species is very rare... 

Currently, there are only seven known species out of the millions that exist (or existed) that could produce a compatible quality and quantity of nectar that the dominant species could use.

Of course the best type of nectar is produced by the species themselves. However, in this modern time, it is highly illegal to illegally extract it from a citizen, not that there wasn't a huge blackmarket for it.

Therefore, "legally" another species had become the primary type of supplier-species, and all of them have been captured, bred and enslaved to produce the drug. It is not as potent as the original, but it works. All production is monopolized by the central planetary alliance.

The primary type of producer-species creates their pleasure during their complex mating rituals.

In addition to the primary producer species, there are also warrior beings that were found that totally derive pleasure from violence. They are used more in the outer rim galaxies and is less controlled. Their type of nectar has a distinct effect or flavor. It's rough and full of rage and explosive, but leaves the user with some bad side effects, which can lead to death.

There are also slug-like beings that when torchured produce a nectar that is very mild and hallucinogenic.

However for the most part, most beings do not produce anything compatible at all, so they are either forgotten or eliminated.

Over the millenia, this advanced race of pleasure explorers had become callous and desensitized to the plight of non-advanced species. They had come across so many, that they seemed like a dime a dozen and as they searched the galaxies for new life forms and potential new sources, they left behind a trail of destruction. They are hoping to find a new source, capitalize on it, and strike it rich! Total elimination of non sample group of the species was standard operating procedure. They certainly didn't want to leave anything behind for their competitors to find and utilize.

And now, it was the Human's turn.

I think you see where this is going...

<><><><><><><><><>

"Mi... m, m... Mindy. My name is Mindy," she blubbered.

John had long since grown bored of her crying and eventually just walked a few paces away, sat down and waited for her to stop.

"Well, Mindy... where are you from?" he asked, with indifference. John actually hated small talk. But when in Rome... you know?

"Uh..." she sniffed and wiped her nose on her forearm. Absently, she looked around for something to wipe it on... but of course, there was nothing.

"Um... Aspen..." her voice quivered.

"Well... I'm going to cut to the chase... Mindy. There's no telling whether we are going to survive this." With that, her already bloodshot eyes started leaking again, and her wet mouth turned downward like she was going to start whining again.

"Look... you can sit there and cry, or we can talk this out and see what our options are. Either way, I need to let you know, we're about to have a little problem. I really have to go to the bathroom. And unfortunately, our lovely captors didn't feel the need to provide anything for us. So... seeing how this room is sloped and we're sitting towards the middle... well... you get the drift."

Her eyes changed. They went from sadness to veiled disgust. John was glad that at least she wasn't still crying.

"What are we going to do?"

"Well, I'll tell you what I'm not going to do, I can't hold it anymore... so... you can watch if you want... but I'm going to just go to the center of the room and take a piss."

"Ohh... John... no... that's disgusting."

"Well, thank you for finally using my name. But what would you have me do? I certainly can't hold it forever. No ideas? That's what I thought. You better just turn around."

And she did. With her legs still pressed up against her, she made an agonized face and scooted around until she was facing away. And then, she plugged her ears with her fingers.

John rolled his eyes. What a fucking prude. The human race was surely doomed if she was any indicator.

He pointed his dick at the ground and let go... but nothing happened. Instead, he just felt the feeling go away.

"Whoa," John exclaimed and stepped back a step. "That's pretty damn cool..."

He looked over and she was staring at the spot on the ground. He smiled when he realized that she had probably been watching the whole time. Hmmm. He got to thinking that perhaps she was less of a prude than she let on.

"What happened!" she exclaimed. "I didn't see anything... did you go?"

"Come and see yourself..."

"Whatever, I'm not walking over there, how do I know you are not going to rape me?"

"What!? Ha! You got that wrong, sister! You are most definitely not my type! Hell, I wouldn't touch you with a ten foot pole!"

As he glared at her, he realized that she had a strange look on her face. She was still staring at his crotch. He couldn't tell if her look was fear or disgust.

He followed her gaze down and realized that he was completely hard. His erection stuck out like he was ready to go. He turned his back on her and tried to get a hold of himself.

He was shocked. When had that happened?

"You are disgusting! Just keep your, your parts away from me!"

Even with his uncontrolled boner, John had had enough of her shit... "Yeah... but who fucking cares anymore! If you haven't noticed... we are fucked! So screw you and your ugly ass and your depressing, bitchy attitude!"

"Go to hell, asshole!" she screeched.

"Too late, bitch, I'm already there!" he screamed.

And with that, she started crying again.

"Oh... geesh! Is that all you know how to do?"

"Just..." she cried, "just leave me alone..."

So he did. He stomped away as far as he could to the other side of the curved wall and he walked up as high as he could and then layed back up the curve of the wall like a recliner. He usually wasn't quite this mean. He didn't know what was wrong with him, he felt full of pent-up rage... she probably deserved it anyways. Damn what he wouldn't give for a cigarette or a beer... a whole keg of beer.

There wasn't any clock, or change in the lighting. There was no way to tell how long they sat there, ignoring each other from across the room. John sat for a long while and thought about all the things he would never see again. For some reason, he had a difficult time staying focused. His mind drifted from football, to cheerleaders, to boobs and girls that he had been with... all sorts of shit. He even thought about girls that he had known that were redheads. And he couldn't keep himself from staying hard, it was annoying. After a long time, he dozed off and finally fell asleep.

<><><><><><><><><>

"John... wake up... hey."

His eyes snapped open and there she was, crouching a few feet away from him. She was still covering her boobs with her arm, with the other one over her crotch.

"What?" he snapped... coming out of a dream. He had been in some sort of threesome. He shook his head and realized that he was sprawled out spread-eagle and his dick was still hard... it was sort of red and it was starting to hurt a little bit.
