 Note: this story takes place after the events in the story "The Color of Air." While this story should stand on its own, the previous story has the details on how Captain Drake and Color Of Air began their partnership.

+++++

"Welcome, Captain Drake. Our most private seaside room, as you requested." The hostess unlocked the door to the bungalow and bowed, low and graceful. Seemingly an accident, her loose jacket fell forward, revealing nearly a full breast before her long black tresses artfully covered it. Well practiced; certainly good for tips, and invitations as well. A few months ago, when I was human, I would have saluted her.

Obligingly, I felt a stirring belowdecks that was quickly visible in the light khakis I was wearing. She schooled her face carefully, but I saw her pupils widen as she rose from her bow, and caught the faint smile as she turned to open the sliding panels on three sides that opened the bungalow to the gentle breezes.

Laughter tinkled in my head. You have a perverse sense of humor, I thought. But you fancy her, don't you? came the reply.

I do, but when I have you, that seems ungallant.

Gallant, Captain Drake? That was not among the words I heard used to describe you. Adventurous, larcenous, lecherous, cynical, quick to bed a wench . . .

Just who have you been talking to?

I still have some secrets. We share a body now, so if we want to enjoy the pleasures of the flesh, it will be with other partners. And that desire is one thing we certainly have in common.

That was undeniably true. The night that I met Color Of Air, a shapeshifter, had been a night of outrageous story telling and even better sex. At the end, I had agreed to marry her — though agreed to be consumed by her would be a better description. Now we shared one body, eternally youthful and infinitely adaptable. We currently looked like Captain Samuel Drake, since that matched our travel documents, but we could become anyone we wished. We were planning to use that to our advantage.

My luggage was still standing in the doorway. "Sit!" I commanded it. It walked over to the foot of the bed and sighed open as it settled into position.

"A most exotic piece," commented our hostess. "May I hang your clothes up?"

"I picked it up at the Titanium Bazaar on Three Axis Station. One of its quirks is that it's quite particular about who takes items out of it. Please let Housekeeping know to leave it strictly alone. A few ports ago, I had to buy a replacement hand for someone who had tried to tidy up a little too much."

"A dangerous portmanteau for a dangerous man. I'll also instruct them to be careful of the needle gun when pressing your jacket, and the knife when polishing your shoes." She took a step closer. "Are there any other services you desire?"

"I didn't think the resort offered that service."

"It doesn't. This is a . . . personal offer. But perhaps you are expecting someone? I only ask because you checked in alone."

Color Of Air answered in my voice, "You never know who might drop in, but I'm expecting to be alone tonight."

"Perhaps I'll come around after Pinwheel sets? It's very beautiful when only Cinder is lighting the sky."

"I'm looking forward to it."

"As am I. Ring the front desk if you need anything. My name is Erissa."

We watched as she swayed up the path to the main building. There goes a dangerous woman, I thought.

Yes, she had at least six concealed weapons.

I only counted five.

Yes, a man would have missed one.

Hmm. My kind of lady.

I know.

We walked down by the sea while Pinwheel was still high in the sky. Pinwheel was known throughout the Galactic Arm as one of the most spectacular suns visible from a settled planet. Pinwheel was actually two stars of nearly equal mass in a close orbit. They were separated by only three times their diameter, so they spun around their center of gravity in just over ten minutes. Tidal forces peeled a bridge of sun-stuff from their surfaces, which formed a glowing spiral of plasma around each disk. The pair was distant, though bright. The planet actually orbited a third star, Cinder, which provided warmth and stability. A brown dwarf, Cinder smoldered darkly in the sky, upstaged for the moment by its actinic sisters.

The beach had attractions as well: golden sand, warm blue water, and a lack of people. We had paid well for a secluded spot and a private beach. We walked down to the water's edge, and watched dolphins sporting in the waves offshore.

Are dolphins native?

No, they were imported, along with most organisms. Pinwheel sterilized the surface with X-Rays every time Cinder crossed the plane of their rotation. Terraformers built up an ionospheric shield before seeding the planet. Now they simply get spectacular auroral displays every 45 years.

We'll have to come back for the next one.

I'll put it on our calendar in 23 years.

Immortality has its benefits.

We watched the waves for a while, but neither of us had personalities suited to idleness. Color Of Air made the suggestion first. Let's go for a swim.

We stood, but I hesitated with hands on our belt.

Nude is fine, there's no one here.

Nude is lack of clothes. Naked is lack of a gun. Nude doesn't bother me, naked does.

Here, I'll show you a trick. Color Of Air formed a pouch in our thigh, and slid the needle gun into it. The pouch sealed, watertight. It was handy being a boneless shapeshifter.

We walked down to the water, feeling the air play across our skin. The air carried salts from the sea — we could "taste" sodium, potassium, and bromine among them — as well as a brew of kelp, krill, barnacle and mussel. Color Of Air "saw" scents the way that humans see light; it was her primary mode of communication. In fact, she was named for the taste of the forest air on her homeworld. For me, the effect was at times overwhelming.

We waded into the gentle waves. When it was up to our waist, Color Of Air whispered: Time for a better form!

We dove forward into the water, propelled by powerful strokes. We were streamlined and graceful, in our element. I looked back, and saw a fluked tail like a dolphin's, merging at the waist into a more human back. I looked down to find a very nice pair of breasts. Long hair flowed around our shoulders.

A mermaid!

One of the inhabitants of Cetus 127. Actually, they're very flat-chested for speed in the water, but I embellished in that area. I think breasts on a mermaid are one of their best features.

I'd have to agree. . .

Our eyes adapted to the water, giving us the clarity of diving goggles. The tastes of the sea assaulted our skin, with an almost overwhelming roar of salts leading the way. That was quickly filtered out, and we could taste the shrimp hiding in the rocks, the anemones swaying in the currents. A school of darters flashed yellow citrus that twinkled as they changed directions. A small predator fish exuded a whiff of meat from its previous meal.

We were interrupted by a taste like fresh sashimi, with a burr of black pepper. We rolled over to find that we were being checked over by a dolphin. We reached out a hand to it, and it nuzzled it gently. I think he likes us, commented Color Of Air. 

How do you know it's a he? Oh. . .

The dolphin had rolled ventral side to us, showing that his underside had flushed pinkly. About two thirds of the way back on his body, something definitely male was showing an interest. I think that's trouble, said Color Of Air.

What, he's not your type either?

No, and male dolphins usually don't take "no" for an answer. We tried to veer off at an angle, but the dolphin was faster, and forced us towards the bottom. We doubled back towards the shore, but he was always one step ahead of us.

Dolphins try to hold a female under water until she submits. Fortunately, we don't have to breathe. It's still annoying.

He can't hurt us, can he?

No, but I don't want to hurt him, either.

Can we take the form of something scary?

I'm trying to think of one. I had to have had contact with a creature to take its form, and I tend to avoid contact with scary creatures.

How about a winged creature?

Not one that would work in this gravity.

The dolphin came in again, and flipped us with his nose. We could feel his penis butting against us, looking for the entrance.

At least we don't have to have a vagina if we don't want one. Color Of Air had made our belly flat and featureless, and toughened it against the dolphin's ramming.

Maybe just form a sphere and sink to the bottom until he gets bored.

The way this is going, he might just play soccer with us. I don't have a better idea, though.

Out of the corner of our eye, we saw another pair of flukes approaching. Commanding clicks and whistles pulsed the water. The dolphin cringed a bit, but continued to batter at us.

The newcomer darted in front of us, repeating the command. It was a merman! He gestured with a silver rod, clearly telling the dolphin to leave off. The dolphin retreated, but was still thinking with its gonads. It came back for another run. The merman touched it with the tip of the silver rod, and we tasted electric current in the water.

The dolphin squeaked in frustration, and turned to dart away, clearly unharmed but cowed. The merman took us by the elbow, gestured to the surface, and gently but firmly escorted us towards the light.

Surfacing, we got a good look at his face. Born of the granite cliffs at the edge of the sea, with eyes of black pearls from its depths. Enduring, rather than aged. His chest was broad and smooth, bronze shading to dolphin mottling on sides and back. Midnight hair was swept back in a circlet and tumbled to his shoulders behind. He steadied us in the water and looked us over for damage.

"My deepest apologies for Blackfin. He has been trained better than that, and should never behave so towards one of the Folk. I am Remus, brother to the Hierarch, and would make amends to uphold the honor of our family."

Well, well, it appears we've been assaulted by the favored pet of the Prince.

My turn to ask: Do you fancy him?

I've never done a Prince before . . .

"I am Amaya, my Prince. If I had known these were your waters, I would have swum elsewhere."

"Just Remus, Amaya. Here I am another tourist, and these waters are free to anyone. How did you come here? Ours is the only ship on planet fitted for aquanauts."

Careful.

"I am traveling in a human ship. I have a cabin fitted for my comfort."

Every word true, and a complete misdirection. Beautiful.

Thank you. Now shush.

"It must be an interesting arrangement to work with Drylanders. You must tell me how that works. You even seem to have adapted some of their physical traits."

He was looking at our chest as he said this. Color Of Air obligingly lifted us out of the water a little higher to display our breasts.

"Yes, they are a gender signal to the humans, and they are more at ease if they know to treat you as one gender or the other."

"I must confess I had always wondered . . ."

"Please, my . . . Remus." We pushed closer, and took his hand. "The humans take much delight in feeling them."

"I can see why. They feel firm, and soft, and warm, and this surprising bump in the center that stiffens. Does this please you too?"

"Oh, yes . . ."

"What else does one do with them?"

"You can kiss them, suck on them, play with them . . ."

He bent his head, and ran his tongue experimentally around the nipple, and we shivered. Encouraged, he gave it a lingering kiss, then sucked the nipple in, exploring how it stretched and rebounded as he played with it. Lightning forked down our tail causing us to twitch and dance in the water.

He grasped us tightly around the waist to keep us in position. Something long and turgid quested between us. Color Of Air had re-formed a vaginal slit, which grew warm and swollen as well. The lips clasped and explored the length of his growing penis, which formed an S-shaped curve. Both were muscular and prehensile, adapted to finding and mating with their counterparts in the water, without the need of hands to guide them.

Remus leaned back in the water, pulling us on top. The tip of his penis stroked our opening, seeking entrance. We opened; he entered. With strong contractions, we pulled him deeper. He hooked his member forward, locking it in place. We drifted, feeling each other's minutest movements through our bridge of flesh. These bodies were perfectly adapted to aquatic liaisons.

He began a languid movement with his tail, slowly undulating through the water. As we lay on top of him, we could feel him sliding in and out like the waves. Tides surged through our body, each rising higher than the last. To our shapeshifter senses, he was the tang of salt-washed granite, the scent of sun-drenched wood, verdigris and musk.

We clenched him as we rode. Relax on the upside, take him deeper. Squeeze on the downbeat, increase the friction as he slid out. He seemed fascinated by our breasts, and kept his hands playing over them, exploring their surface and tweaking the taut nipples.

As his hands lost their coordination to explore and encircled our body, we knew he was close. We clamped him tight within us, feeling every ridge and vein stand out. We milked him, applying a suction that I doubt that a true mermaid of his species could match. He could not hold out any longer, and didn't even try. He came explosively, with jets of semen that pounded us like a struck drum. We fed on it, absorbed it, wove it into our fabric. Electric saffron jolted our core, a bell rung to tones of hot lime. Imagine that you had eaten a morsel so intensely savory that you had a physical orgasm. Was it exactly like that? No, I'm inventing terms for senses humans do not have.

Whew! Is that how it always feels to you?

Every partner is a little different, but yes. You can see why I'm such an intensely sexual being.

Prince Remus was looking somewhat dazed. As he started to focus on his surroundings again, he began to look a little embarrassed. "When I said that I wished to make amends, that was not how I meant to begin!"

"Forgive me, Prince, if I acted impulsively. I was so grateful for your assistance that I lost myself in the moment."

"Not at all. You are a remarkable woman. You must come take some refreshment with me at the offshore resort. I would like to know more of how one such as yourself works with humans."

"I regret that I have duties this evening that would keep me from accepting your hospitality."

His face darkened. "Few of my brother's subjects would dream to turn down such a request."

"May I accept your invitation after I discharge my obligations? I am only concerned with upholding the honor of our Folk among the humans we deal with."

His smile quirked through the clouds on his face. "I cannot reasonably insist when you put it that way, can I? You make me even more desirous of learning more about you. We could use someone with your skills and diplomacy at the court."

"You flatter me; I am a simple trader. But I must go now."

"Come soon to attend me."

"I will." We turned and executed a flip in the water, and struck out strongly for shore.

Add a wiggle to the tail, like this. Color Of Air added a sinuous motion. It's the equivalent of a woman swiveling her hips.

Do you want to get involved with his court?

Not without a lot more background. We couldn't carry off this story for very long. Just laying some groundwork with him. Someday it may be useful to be friends with a Prince.

I like the way you think.

We changed back into Captain Samuel Drake just before we surfaced. It was fortunate we did, because Erissa was sitting beside our clothes, waiting.

Nothing for it but to walk ashore. We stood up, and walked towards her. Not showing off, but nothing to hide either. I reminded myself that we might be nude but we weren't naked. That made me wonder if she had gone through our clothes while we were hobnobbing with the Prince.

As we reached the shore, she stood smoothly, and held out a white cotton robe. That was a nice solution to the "only one of us is dressed" problem. I hoped to explore other solutions to the problem, given enough time and a willing co-investigator.

"Did you have a refreshing swim?" she inquired.

"Yes, the water is lovely. Warm and quite clear. There's an abundance of interesting marine life to study just offshore." I got the mental equivalent of an elbow in the ribs on that one.

"You must be very good at holding your breath."

"I got a biomod for water breathing some years ago when I worked for an underwater mining company. It comes in handy at times."

"I can see that. I must try it sometime. I love diving, and to go completely free, in nothing but my skin, sounds like a dream."

Watch out for randy mermen if you do!

Quick thinking on the biomod, but isn't it a little over the top?

It happens to be true, and if someone checks the records it will just add to the credibility.

Do you always think that way?

It's kept me alive this long.

Erissa motioned to a beach blanket that she had spread. "Pinwheel is going to set soon. Shall we watch it go down?"

We settled to the sand. She made sure to settle close, almost touching. I could feel the warmth from her tanned skin, taste the lavender and lemongrass that was her essence, glimpse the soft curves within the flowing cotton dress.

Pinwheel was nearly touching the horizon. At the moment they were stacked vertically, with Pinwheel Alpha kissing the ocean, and Pinwheel Beta a handspan above it. The combined rotations of the suns and the planet made a unique dance. Alpha danced sideways along the horizon while Beta plunged into the sea beside it. Then Alpha was tossed back into the sky like an acrobat for a brief moment before following its sister down into the benthic chroma.

Only Cinder remained in the sky, freed from the competition of Pinwheel's show. It hung bloated and hungry in the darkening sky. Cinder glowed with a mottled and baleful red, just above the visible threshold, but providing most of the planet's heat. Bright storms smeared through the equatorial zones, streaked with cooler regions among the upwellings. It was a brown dwarf, a jovian planet that had drunk Dr. Jekyll's potion of hydrogen to grow into Mr. Hyde — a near-star that achieved a fitful ignition and muttered madly to itself in the darkness.

"I've never seen anything like that on the 57 worlds I've visited. It outdid even the marketing on the hypernet."

"Every Pinwheel-set is different. That was called the Juggler. Other conjunctions are called by various names, such as Full House, See and Raise, Ante Up, and the Virgin's Breasts."

"The all sound like they were named by gamblers, except the last."

"That depends on what you're gambling with. There's also a set of poetic names for them, all different except for the Virgin's Breasts."

"I guess gamblers and poets have one interest in common."

"I think it's just men in general."

She had leaned close, letting her dress fall open. Her own breast invited a hand to cup it, and her lips invited ours to meet them. A heady wash of her scent wafted to our skin from her heat, heavier now on the lemongrass.

Her tongue and lips caressed ours, as gentle as a breeze. We could feel her nipple pucker with desire under our finger tips. Her breast was soft and full and deliciously curved. Her fingertips brushed a fastening, and her dress fell open to offer all of herself to us. Our fingers trailed across her taut belly and caressed her bare arm. She felt delightful beneath our fingers as I sized up her abilities.
