 Chapter 1 

The Honorable Gertrude T. Randall had just wrapped up a court case and was back in chambers when she heard a very sharp knock at the door. She assumed that it was her law clerk, the very appropriately named Annette Chambers, so she rose to unlock the door and let her inside. She could not have been prepared for what followed, as two uniformed men escorted her clerk inside, and then made way for what could only be some kind of high-ranking official or civil servant from the new regime. This was somewhat to Trudy's annoyance, as she wasn't sure what to make of it, anyway. It was a dictatorship, and habit made her dislike those, but she didn't have any say over things like that now, not unless she wanted to risk her neck, and well, they were keeping up the rule of law, at least. 

"These are the judicial chambers of the Honorable Gertrude T. Randall, Presiding Judge of the Family Law Court in this county, yes?" the official in question, wearing a white armband of the sort assigned to civilian officers of the Commonwealth at this stage, inquired of both Trudy and Annette. 

"That would be correct. Might I ask whose company I have the pleasure of, as well as what business you have here, and if you would wish some refreshment?" Trudy spoke formally, given the touchy circumstances with a brand new government in power...America wasn't the land of the free anymore, and that took some getting used to now. 

"No thanks on the refreshment, as I do not wish to feel any sense of obligation. It won't be yours to give for much longer, anyway," the man spoke curtly, giving her a real shock, especially at his brusque, almost rude manner...were all public officials of this new regime so lacking in social graces...were manners banned now? 

"I don't quite follow you, Mr...?" she further probed. 

"Deputy Commissar William Hepburn, of the Commonwealth Sub-Commissariat for the Reorganization of Law Courts. You will pardon my shortness at this time, but your services are no longer required at this time. You will be awarded a pension commensurate with your loyal service to the previous government, but given the regime change and new policies of the Commonwealth, as well as its administrative restructuring at this time, you may consider yourself retired as of the close of today's business. 

"Since you are, as of today, fifty years of age, you may, however, wish to pursue a second career, but I must warn you that things are changing dramatically in the field of family law. Fortunately for you, your pension would not be adversely affected by said career," the official, a very tall black man, somber in face, coldly informed Trudy of her termination. 

"I've been fired?" Trudy's knuckles grew as pale as her face as she took in the news that she no longer had a job, "But...why?" 

"You were involuntarily retired, as stated before, Mrs. Randall. You were not fired for cause. I would cease and desist any attempts to pressure me to reverse the decision already made well above my pay grade, or it will be unfortunate for your future," Hepburn asserted, more than a little impatient with her. 

"Okay, I accept that you have the authority to remove me from the bench, but I still would like to know why I've been relieved of my duties. Don't I have the right to know that much?" Trudy persisted, but Hepburn shook his head. 

"I informed you already of what has occurred, Mrs. Randall. Beyond that, you are not entitled to any further information. Unofficially, though, I can inform you that you are unlikely to have any prospects for any future judicial or legal positions in the future, either, in case you were thinking of finding an another avenue to return to the bench. All judicial posts will be appointed in the future, not elected, and the appointments will all be controlled by the highest levels of the councils of government. Your own judicial record has been considered less than stellar by the reckoning of those in a responsible position," Hepburn icily answered her. 

"Less than stellar how? What I have done wrong? Who have I harmed? I've exercised my judicial discretion, as all good judges do, in the pursuit of justice and the welfare of the litigants, their children, and the community. Where have I gone wrong? Who's deciding this stuff, angry men, because I will have you know that I have tried to be reasonable, tried to consider the welfare of those men, too, but the welfare of the children and the community was always paramount," Trudy's eyes now flashed with a fury at being judged a mediocre jurist, as well as fear that somehow, some of the angry men who considered her unjust (she thought them wrong) were taking their revenge through the new regime. 

"According to our records, you have found in favor of female plaintiffs and respondents, wives, that is, 92% of all such cases, did you know that? This is despite the male plaintiffs and respondents often having reasonable arguments and grounds on their behalf. This is clear evidence of a strong sexist bias in favor of women and against men in your case. This alone would be cause for termination of your position as a trial judge, but we have opted not to pursue such causes. We prefer a more, shall we say, efficient means of severing our ties with you and your reputation. 

"Do not make us regret that, or firing with cause it will be, and you would not get a pension, just a severance package, which wouldn't last as long. Do I make myself clear, Mrs. Randall? We're purging the chaff and, judicially speaking, that's you and other judges stuck a century in the past. Dinosaur judges, we call you. The future of family law is our hands, not yours, and it has no use for coddling one sex or favoring it over the other," Hepburn spoke sternly, causing Trudy to feel real fear and panic right then. 

"But...seriously, you're going to take the word of a few disgruntled divorced men over that of a respected, sitting trial judge? Are you insane?" Trudy, in her rage and fear, snapped at the deputy commissar. 

"Former trial judge, not sitting now. Also, respected by whom? Not by us, that's for sure. I'm not sure what water your colleagues were drinking or what cigarettes they were smoking when they declared you so venerable, but you fail that standard by a long shot with the new government, I can tell you that. Also, this isn't just a few disgruntled ex-husbands. It's actual, documentary evidence that has been compiled and collected under both the old and new regimes. 

"Suffice it to say that, judicially, your goose is cooked. Your judicial career is over, and if you don't shape and face the new order of things, your legal career might be, too. You're clearly having trouble adjusting to the new way of life, but the old way of doing things just won't fly anymore," Hepburn reiterated. 

"So, that's it, then? I'm to be dumped and some old fossil of a male chauvinist pig is going to take my place, force women to stay with their abusive husbands, dump housewives out on the streets with not a penny to their names because they goofed up and the man's pride can't handle forgiveness and counseling...," Trudy started rambling from her usual rhetorical playbook when Hepburn literally slammed his open palm against the desk. 

"ENOUGH! Not another word, you stupid cunt! Guards, Mrs. Randall has five minutes to clear out her possessions from this desk and office. If she fails to do so by then, arrest her for trespassing and loitering. We'll have no sit-ins today. Use any force necessary to insure her compliance, including lethal," Hepburn instructed the guards, who nodded and one of them set his watch to time the ousted judge. 

When the timer hit, and Trudy predictably wasn't finished, not even with the aid of Annette, the guards physically seized her and Hepburn took one last look at her. 

"I was going to give you until the end of the day, until you started mouthing off, if you recall, but no dice on that now. You are relieved, or to put it more bluntly, you're fired! Take her out of here, and if she resists, arrest her as I threatened before. You're lucky I haven't had you arrested already, you stupid bitch! Goodbye...Your Honor!" Hepburn smirked, slapping her on the ass as he sent her on her way with his guards and what possessions she managed to collect. 

"What...what about me?" Annette looked up at Hepburn, rising nervously, pushing her sandy bangs away from her pretty, if freckled face, and straightening her bifocals. 

"You're the law clerk, eh? Let's see all of the cases that your former boss decided in the past week first, and then we're go through the cold cases. We have lots of work to do, before we even get to the business of putting in her replacement. For the present, at least, consider me your boss. I am an attorney by profession, you know, with my J.D. from Stanford Law. I just happened to have accepted a post since the...regime change, if you will. 

"You see, what your former employer has done has been a serious travesty of justice, I suspect, and we fully aim to reverse much of that. Sure, there are cases where child support, alimony, etc. are necessary, but to simply mandate them at every turn is uncalled for, and I aim to shake things up more than a little here. There are going to be some real reforms here, you'll see soon enough. 

"In any case, I won't divulge the nature of the restructuring, but suffice it to say that things are going to be very different around here and everywhere else under the rule of Leviathan. I will tell you this. If you cooperate with me, your job is safe as long as you behave. You seem like a decent girl caught in a bind thanks to your former boss. I could be wrong about that, but I highly doubt it. Since I'm your new, temporary boss, welcome to the team," Hepburn assured her in a soothing voice. 

"Thank you, sir. That is a major relief to me. I can't afford to be jobless at this point of my life. Rent's always due and I have other bills as well," she spoke meekly, but a bit calmer than before, as she gathered the paper copies of the documents in question, "The computer files are here, under this password," she told him, writing down the password, of course. 

"Excellent. You will change the password to this," he showed her a new one, adding, "I'm trusting you not to divulge that to your former superior, are we clear?" 

"Certainly, sir. I'm on your staff now. Your team. Thank you again for keeping me on. You'll find that I'm very loyal to you from here on out. And...well, I hope that this isn't too forward, but once it's no longer an inappropriate workplace situation, maybe you and I could...have lunch or dinner together? Or even breakfast, at least once? I don't know your relationship status, but I just thought that I'd ask. If it's improper to suggest a first date, I understand, but a girl can notice a guy and at least consider any options that she might have, can't she?" Annette surprised Hepburn, but he grinned once he recovered from the shock of her asking him out on a date. 

"Who knows? Maybe we can have a date sooner, if that's okay with you. Or at least a few working lunches together. I usually don't even do dating, but for you, I'm willing to make an exception. You seem very...dare I say, sweet?" he told her, making her blush. 

"Thank you, sir...at least the working lunches, if you wish. Maybe...tomorrow at lunch?" Annette also smiled shyly, her heart beating faster than before...she couldn't help but notice a bit of dampness between her legs as well. 

Hepburn sniffed the air, realizing the source of the scent and grinning yet again, "It's a date, then." 

"Yes...sir," Annette stammered as they got to work on the recent divorce cases. 

Chapter 2 

David Leland was rather busy shopping, more than a little concerned over his tighter than usual grocery budget now, especially without Alycen to help him out with that. It was usually her job to sort out the savings, discounts, coupons, etc., but now he needed to figure that out in a hurry, since he didn't have all weekend. Sure, she was a cheating whore, but he missed her helpful hand with such things. Why did that sharp mind and practical nature, not to mention such a fine body, have to come with a vicious streak and an adulterous heart? 

Despite her claims that it didn't mean that she loved him any less, she had responded rather hatefully and spitefully to his decision to file for divorce, using her shark lawyer to ream him good in court, with the help of that bitchy dragonlady of a judge. They had made mincemeat of his own lawyer, who was admittedly cheap, but that was because she had already drained his savings. Well, he had gotten back half those savings, at least, thank God for small favors, but that only went to pay his pathetic lawyer and her evil, jaded, man-hating one. Now, he was required to pay child support for a kid that wasn't his, at least until the paternity tests came back. 

His lawyer had managed to do THAT much for him, but he was still stuck sleeping on the hideaway bed at his bachelor brother Dan's cabin, which was a considerable commute out of town, because he still had to pay the mortgage for his ex-wife (well, the divorce wasn't final, but would be within 60 days). He also had to pay alimony to Alycen, but thankfully, it was limited by Texas law to last only until she remarried, unless he chose to keep paying (yeah, like that would happen, right). He got to keep his bike, but Alycen got his pickup, too. At least she had to take over paying for that, another small victory for him (very small). 

Alycen also won half of his 401 k, half of his CDs, and only gave up half of his business in exchange for clear title to his house (not that she had to pay for that...he was still stuck holding the bag for it). In a very small win for him, though, the judge was forced to concede that she should only receive mortgage payments until her child was 18, or unless it was refinanced, in which case she would have to start paying for it herself. Unfortunately, as the owner of the house, she got to choose if or when to refinance it. 

David seriously thought of appealing that rule, but he didn't want to jeopardize his small, but growing business as a realtor (irony, that he sold real estate, but couldn't afford to BUY any, thanks to the divorce judgment), and he couldn't afford the legal fees, anyway. So, Alycen, his mean-spirited ex, got the joys and benefits of owning a house, but without any of the headaches (except property taxes, he smiled at that thought). David didn't know how she, her lawyer, his lawyer (for being an incompetent asshole), or that accursed judge lived with themselves or slept at night, but he put more than even money (hypothetically, since he was hard-up on liquid cash) on them being sociopaths. 

Add to this the Mayhem going on and the rise of a new regime that had required him to register his guns (but had firmly decided not to confiscate any or impose any actual gun bans), and David cursed his luck of late. The Chinese had an ancient saying, "May you live in interesting times," and now he could see why that was a curse. He didn't know what to think of the regime change, other than he was firmly convinced that the saying was true, "the more things change, the more they stay the same." Regime changes seldom improved things in human history, at least from what he read, at least not a lot of things, and they often made things even worse. Still, the jury was out, and while David didn't care for the loss of political freedom, he was also aware that democracy had been a sick joke for the last few decades, anyway. It was really bought and paid for by the lobbyists and their sponsors, after all. Maybe the new boss wouldn't be same as the old boss, he hoped (with apologies to The Who). 

That was when he saw her...the evil cunt herself! Not his ex-wife, that was, not even her lawyer or his...no, this was pure karma, as it was the evil bitch judge herself! What was she doing, mixing with the hoi polloi, anyway? Didn't she have some other man's balls to slice off and keep in a mason jar or something? David wouldn't be surprised if she and the other radical feminists had a secret coven, where they brewed in a witch's cauldron and mixed in men's privates while dancing naked and having lesbian orges under the moonlight or something in honor of some kind of matriarchal deity or someone like that. David was no prude or homophobe, and he had even entertained the idea of swinging or open marriage at various points, only to have Alycen shoot them down, only to turn around and cheat on him, the hypocritical bitch! Anyway, didn't Judge Crooked Face have a bunch of money like the rest of the corrupt judges, lawyers, and politicians, anyway? Shouldn't she be shopping at some exclusive shoppe or whatever?  

To make matters worse, she saw him and at first mistook him for an employee for whatever reason (maybe the red polo shirt that resembled the staff's uniform). Approaching him with the utter gall of touching his shoulder after he turned away his head in disgust and scorn, she nearly started at the sight of her most recent victim, the fine, hard-working small businessman that she gave the shaft. That old Jerry Reed song, "She Got The Goldmine, I Got The Shaft," came to mind again, of course. David visibly grimaced as Trudy Randall withdrew her hand in shock. 

"Mr. Leland, I thought that you worked here. Sorry. You don't, do you?" the fifty year old ex-judge asked the little guy she had screwed over. 

"No, not yet. At this rate, though, I might have to take a second job to keep out of the poorhouse, thanks to you," he practically spat at her. 

Trudy stood there in shock, never having actually faced one of these men in person before after the divorce decree was handed down by her. She had no clue that he was so bitter, so angry. Was this typical of the ex-husbands that she had fleeced in court? True, she had often smirked at the thought of some of these men living on ramen in roach-infested apartments, mostly because she was convinced that most husbands were like her ex, abusive jerks who just never got caught mistreating and bullying their wives. 

Now, however, she was forced to actually witness how it looked, how she looked from the man's eyes, and she didn't like how that felt. Did they really feel themselves so misused by her? Was there really such a collection of angry, bitter, jaded men, a path of destroyed wrecks and financial carnage left behind in her path? She knew this intellectually, even feared that some of them had a hand in her own downfall, but to actually see how it appeared to them from their perspective, that was a bit jarring, to put it mildly. 

"Mr. Leland, by my calculations, you still have more than enough to live on comfortably, or did my staff really get those figures wrong? Besides, I'm not really supposed to discuss that...or am I? I guess that there is no rule against it anymore. You'll be happy to know that I got the sack today. Maybe that will give you some satisfaction, some Schadenfreude, if you know what that means," Trudy naturally assumed that, as a "manly man," David had no intellectual pursuits or interests, or even curiosity. 

"Yes, I know what that means. Wrongful joy, and yes, the idea that you've been deposed from your throne of injustice, where you castrate one poor soul after another, and possibly put a step or two away from penury, another big word for you, that's some sweet, poetic justice to my ears and my mind. I might even get some sleep at night. No doubt, sleepless nights are a novel concept to you and your sociopathic friends in the legal community, who gleefully roast men foolish enough to get married over the coals to add to our misery and suffering. It won't give me back the hard-earned wealth that you, my wife, and her lawyer stole from me, the fruits of my labor, but it's a little bit of satisfaction to me," David snarled at Trudy. 
