 Anna Baranska stared at the fog swirling in front of her eyes; light from somewhere gleamed through the mist and was hurting her sensitive head. The fog began to blow away from both her vision and her mind, leaving her staring at the light panels above her tube. Tube, cold sleep, light panels, her mind filled in the blanks, they had arrived and it was time to get up.

Anna stretched and sat up looking around at the bay of sleep tubes, all open and all with naked bodies beginning to sit and stretch and awaken from the seventeen years of silence as the ship traversed the distance from far away earth. Anna began to strip the shiny, slick gel off her body as she climbed out of the tube. It ran down her body and pooled on the floor where the servo bots would clean it away. She pulled a towel from the cabinet, briskly rubbing her body and hair to both dry it and stimulate the skin.

Captain Jack Micheal O'Neil handed her a warm cup of protean stimulant as he walked past. Of course he was dressed already, the ship would have awakened him several days ago so he could put the ship in a parking orbit and begin the task of awakening the crew.

She looked over at Kim Di Ho, his strong Asian body and dark thin cock jutting out reminded her that she had gone into sleep horny and seventeen years sleep hadn't changed that much. 

"Hey, Ho, we made it again."

"Only half way, we still got to get back."

"Pessimist" 

Kim grinned, "Only eighteen years to retirement."

Anna threw her towel at him and began getting dressed. She had her uniform jumpsuits tailored so they fit her like a glove and had built in a bra to hold her rather large tits; otherwise she felt that the regular uniforms made her look dumpy. She had wide hips and shoulders, a well rounded ass, but a thin waist and good strong arms and legs. Nothing off the rack fit her worth a damn. She checked herself out in the cabinet viewer and had it rotate 360, yep, look-in good! 

An hour or so later she had eaten a good meal and showered off the remains of the sleep gel. Damn near impossible to get that crap out of her pussy and hair even though she wore it short like most space crews. She flopped down on her bunk, exhausted. Seventeen years of cold sleep, yet you awaken exhausted. She let her hand slip down between her legs and started fingering her clit. She was asleep before she could even begin. 

Her nipples were being pulled and stripped gently. Anna swam up through the haze of sleep, enjoying the sensation of being manipulated. She wished her lover would pull harder. LOVER.

Anna's eyes snapped open to find Kim, sitting on her bunk playing with her tits. 

"Enjoying yourself?"

"Always you got great teats, like all American cows. Asian girls are built like boys." Ho grinned at her. "However if you don't harness those juggs and fast the Captain will be in here and he won't play with them like I do." He pointed to the ships clock. 

"Shit, I'm late for shift." Anna was up and dressed, running down the corridor to the lander. As she buckled herself in, the pilot grinned back at her and announced into her mike, "Lander 2 Ready for launch."

Anna yawned. After all the time it took to get here, you would think they could relax a day or so. Not with Captain Jack. He was all schedules and work. 

"Where are we touching down?" The pilot pressed a couple of v.r. buttons and the display lit up in front of Anna. She scrolled through the typical scout info. Oxygen/nitrogen atmosphere, plenty of water, no signs of intelligent life, heavy with plant life, temperatures around earth normal, all standard for a colony planet. It fit the parameters for the corporation to send out a colony and a prelim team such as Anna's. 

The landing site was well chosen. It was close to where a river emptied into an ocean, near the start of a rise into a mountainous area heavily forested, yet no more than 30 or so miles from a valley of plains grasses. I.E. everything a biologist could ask for. Anna would be able to harvest and study plant and animal life from several eco systems to get an overview of the planets life forms. 

Kim would be doing the microbes and bacteria and virus's while Anna got to study actual plants and animals. She never understood Kim's love for things one could see only under a microscope, but equally he didn't understand her love for growing plants and raising animals.

Several days later Anna was wishing she was the microbiologist as she lugged yet another pot of plants into the prefab lab. The scouting teams had brought back so many different plants that Anna had time only to sort them and stack them for study. No animals so far, either caught or spotted, but every square inch of ground and wet lands seemed to have thousands of different plants all living in harmony with each other. 

Anna was also amazed that none of the plants seemed to have defensive thorns or spikes and most seemed to have flowers and tendrils rather than leaves. The only strange thing reported so far was that every region had what appeared to be a large central plant with a huge single flower that reminded everyone of a sunflower and each region had just one.

Anna was hoping to find a smaller version of the plant as the central plant was huge with deep thick roots. She plopped the pot down with the rest and headed for the team briefing. She listened to each team's reports of their findings. So far, no hazards, no poisonous plants, no animals, or fish or birds and no insects. Plant life everywhere, in every stream and pond and lake and filling the oceans and every inch of ground. Even the rocks were covered with a moss like lichen.

Kim's report was all clear; so far none of the various micro life forms would be a hazard to humans or animals. Anna's report was filled with more unknowns than information. Nothing hazardous had been found, in fact the planets plant life seemed mostly symbiotic, working with each other rather than competing for space and sunlight and water.

Meteorology reported the planets orbit was so stable that temperature variations would be less than 20 degrees year round. All in all it looked like a perfect colony planet.

Several weeks later Anna was as confused as ever by the nature of the planets plant life. She began to believe that the plants had a central guiding intelligence, so well did they work together. This might be a nice planet to retire on in oh a hundred years or so when the farmers and ranchers had finished carving out their lands and towns and cities began to spring up as the planet went from survival to production as all corporate planets did.

Anna was thinking about Kim's retiring after this mission. He certainly had the time in. this would be his seventh trip and he would have over 200 years of time in. Colds sleep time accounted for most of it as it did with Anna. Legally she was over 145 years old and would 163 by the time they got back to earth. Biologically she was 28 and this was her fifth mission. 

She could retire after 150 if she wanted with full benefits or be retired to the colony world of her choice. She could of course, keep going and retire a lot richer or even switch over to a five man scouting team, if she could find a compatible team. That was the real money maker as corporations paid big bucks to the teams for the time and chances they took to find an earth like planet and residuals on the colony could make your family rich for generations.

Anna went to water the plants before bed. They now took up a green house almost an acre in size, all separated by the type of area the plants were discovered in. She had finished half the isles when she saw it, the central plant growing in one of the pots almost in the center of the greenhouse. 

Anna knew that it wasn't the plant she had placed in that spot. That plant was now in a pot with another plant, one pot away from the new center. She shook her head in wonder. One plant, one pot. So how did that plant move in with its neighbor and where did the central plant come from?

Anna examined the plant. Except for being much smaller than those she was used to seeing in the wild it was identical. The flower had yet to open and Anna bent to check it out. She was examining the bud when she felt a light touch of a tendril brush the cleavage between her breasts. She looked down, startled, as her jump suit which had been closed all the way to her neck, was now open nearly to her waist. Several of the delicate tendrils had uncurled from the plant and were now brushing against her flesh.

Body heat, she thought. They must be attracted by my body heat. She watched as several more uncurled and fell against her. Anna was distracted at that moment by the flower she had been examining. It opened as she watched. Anna saw a puff of pollen escape the flower. She sniffed the delicate scent.

Her nipples were being pulled and stripped gently. Anna swam up through the haze of sleep, enjoying the sensation of being manipulated. "Kim you're going to get caught if you don't quit sneaking in my..." Anna opened her eyes, no Kim, no bedroom; she was looking up at the ceiling of the greenhouse. Again she felt her nipples being pulled and sucked. She looked down shocked to find the plant tendrils were covering her breasts and had wrapped around her nipples. As she watched it seemed to pull back from her tit without releasing the nipple pulling on them. 

Anna started to reach out to unwrap the silly plant, when she discovered that larger, stronger vines had her arms wrapped and smaller tendrils had dug into the floor of the greenhouse, effectively pinning her to the floor. She also discovered that her legs were similarly trapped. 

Anna didn't panic but she did scream for help. Repeatedly, with no response. That's when she noticed that the automatic green house lighting was in night mode. How long had she been lying here? It was just past dinner when she came to water the plants. Everyone must have gone to bed, on the other side of the compound, of course. Great, she was stuck until morning. 

Still, Anna thought, it's not as if I'm being hurt. Matter of fact, it feels kind of sensual, she watched as the tendril continued to pull at her nipples gently. She lay back, enjoying the feelings and wondering how the plant vines had grown over her arms and legs so quickly. Oh no. She felt another of the plants small feelers slipping up the leg of her suit. Anna squirmed and twisted trying to free herself. It seemed as if the plant held on even tighter. She could feel the progress of the little vine as it curled around her calf and over her knee. She felt another offshoot brush against the under side of her knee. 

It caused her to jump. She had always been sensitive to being played with there and the plant was soft and delicate and Oh My God. The tendril was moving again up the inside of her thigh, feeling for all the world like the tongue of a lover licking its way to... Oh no.

The vine tickled as it parted her pussy lips and again she could feel off shoots branching out spreading her lips, curling around her clit. Just like the one pulling her nipples, the one around her clit began a rhythmic pulling. 

Anna could feel her body responding to the delicate stimulation. Her breathing was growing rapid and her vagina was starting to get moist. She tried again to get loose. Raising her head she watched as a lump moved down the vine and disappeared under her jump suit. She could follow its progress by the sensations as it moved up her leg. It wasn't long before she knew exactly where it was going. A soft thick tendril began pushing its way into her pussy. 

Damned if it didn't feel like a cock. I'm being raped by a plant. A soft pull at her clit and nipples and the pulsing in her pussy caused her to amend her thinking. Maybe not raped but seduced. Seduced and fucked by a plant lover. She began to notice more offshoots were attaching themselves to her skin, and with each one the sensations grew. She was twisting her head from side to side, her breathing rapid, and her hips moving in time to the pulses from her weird lover. Anna cried out as her body got the release she had been wanting for a long time. She lay back willing her breathing to slow and her heart beat to return to normal. The plant almost seemed to wait, all movement ceased. Anna spent several minutes recovering and wondering at this strange plant. She saw another lump move down the vine just as the plant started to stimulate her body. 

She couldn't believe that her body began to respond almost instantly. It was like having once been seduced; her body was now primed to respond. She could feel herself getting wet, her muscles relaxing and opening to the veggie invader. The lump reached her cunt but the tendril worked its way lower. She felt a small feeler slip into her ass and widen and widen and she felt the one in her cunt begin to pulse.

In moments both the green invaders had set up a rhythm and she was being double teamed, fucked anally and vaginally.

Anna tried to fight the sensations but her body betrayed her and built to another soul racking orgasm. Again the plant let her settle down, although more shoots continued to spread around her body. Anne noticed her jumpsuit was being consumed and torn away from her body by even smaller feelers. Not that she was left naked; a full seventy five percent of her body was covered by little vines and tendrils. 

Anna felt the sensations begin again, she wasn't sure she could take another orgasm like the last one but the plant had other ideas. She felt tendrils spreading over the back of her head and tiny feelers invading her ears. She started to scream. The plant responded by invading her mouth, spreading out quickly, and beginning to push into her throat and nose and ....

Anna awoke lying naked on the floor of the green house; she sat up and wondered how she got there. Sleep walking, great just what she needed. She let herself out of the green house and made her way across the compound and back to bed.

Marci brought the lander down for yet another perfect landing right across from the compound, shut down the systems, and checked that none of the scouting team left any of their gear, specimens or crap behind. 

I swear, sometimes I feel like a den mother not a pilot. She grinned, because she knew she had the best job in the known galaxy. She realized she was early for dinner and decided to see what her girlfriend Anna was up too. She hadn't seen Anna in weeks, between ferrying teams all over the planet and bringing down supplies for the colony ship that was due in a few months, she just hadn't had the time.

Marci entered the green house and stopped amazed. In place of the neat rows of potted plants she normally saw in Anna's domain was a jungle. Plants and vines were everywhere except for the cleared trails leading into this Amazon. 

"Anna" Marci shouted. "Anna, are you in here?"

"In the back, Marci."

Back? Back where? Marci began to follow the trails into the maze of plants. She finally pushed her way into a clear area where she found her friend lying naked on a bed of some kind of moss like grass.

"Anna? What are you doing?"

Anna waved a hand at the jungle. "Like it? Isn't it just amazing? All these plants live in total harmony with each other. They even work with earth plants. I have all sorts of plants from all over the world and each has its own niche and all of them are thriving."

"I can see they are! So what's with the Eve in the garden routine?" 

Anna laughed. "I needed some time off so I built this little retreat and use the sun filters to get an all over tan. I even built a small pool." She waved at an area across the clearing. "Strip off and join me. This moss/grass is fantastic. It's like lying on a feather bed."

Marci glanced at her watch. "Why not? I haven't had any time off in the last couple of weeks." She started to strip off her flight suit. "Ahh nobody comes in here do they?"

"Kim, once in a while, but he is off on a fishing trip looking for new micro bugs."

Marci, like most pilots was tiny, in shape and well proportioned. She tossed aside her clothes and gingerly lay down on the bed of moss/grass. She could feel her body sink into the stuff and it cradled her body like a gel mattress. It was cool and soft to the touch, a very pleasant feeling.

"Oh this is nice."

Anna propped herself up on an elbow looking at her friend. "Can't you see this stuff as a living room carpet or a pool side grass?

"Hell, sweetie, this stuff would put most mattress companies out of business."

Anna looked around. "Wait until you see the other stuff I've discovered."

Marci lay in the soft moss/grass, feeling the sun relax her muscles as her body warmed. She knew if she lay there very long she would drop off to sleep, but it felt so good. She struggled to open her eyes and saw Anna kneeling beside her holding a flower. Anna blew on the flower...

Marci could feel a warm wet tongue licking and sucking on her clit, a thousand fingers were playing with her body and a the most sensuous cock she had ever felt was fucking her pussy. She opened her eyes to a wet pink pussy hovering just above her face. Her tongue seemed to move on its own and bury itself in the moist sweet meat. She heard a moan and echoed it with hers. She had never been so turned on and all she wanted in the world was to fuck and be fucked. 

Marci plunged her fingers into the pussy above her and hand fucked the woman. She could feel the flood of juice pouring over her hand and out of her own pussy. Another cock entered her ass and she moaned and screamed as she came. 

What a dream, Marci though as she awoke.

It wasn't a dream darling, Anne told her.

But I was being fucked and you, you were...

Sucking your pussy and getting hand fucked by you my love.

Marci sat straight up. "Anna, I wasn't talking. I was ..."

"In my head like I'm in yours." Anna sat their on the moss/grass, a plant tendril wrapped around her waist. "It's the plant. Once it gets in you, everything changes."

Marci looked around at the jungle. How can a plant?

I don't know how, dear. The plant doesn't have the language to describe what it does. Until we came along it didn't have language at all. Of course now it's learning everything we know and it's learning about us. Anna's voice seemed to echo in her head.

Marci sat and thought about the plant and the total harmony in this world, then she though about the problems of humans all over the galaxy. She felt that the plant understood and knew that the whole competitive human race could achieve the peace they had talked about but never managed to reach if the plant could just touch everyone.

Now you know what we have to do. Anna's voice came into her mind.