 Mira struggled to control shivers of revulsion at the feel of the tentacles on her bare skin. They were cold, rubbery and left a trail of purple slime wherever they touched on her body. Her breasts, her neck, her thighs. Those she could handle. It was the one running between the crevice of her thighs that was her near undoing. It moved, excitedly, over lips shielded by forest green hair, delving between them to tickle the flaccid button; slipping in her entryway in an effort to arouse her. All she could feel, however, was disgust for the pale grey blob trying to sex her.

He slithered around to the side of her body, his formless mouth engulfing her entire breast. She closed her eyes, trying to block out the wet slobbering noises he made as he suckled it. Her stomach gave a threatening rumble. Only a few more minutes, she told herself, a few more minutes and it will all be over. But those few minutes quickly stretched into an eternity when he thrust a tentacle in her mouth. It felt like a slug flopping helplessly against her tongue.

The image caused her to gag and she thrust it away, sputtering in an attempt to get the moldy taste out of her mouth; all to the background music of his shrill cackle. The world spun around in dizzying chaos as he flipped her onto her back, wrapping his tentacles around her knees to spread them apart. The bottom half of his body draped completely over her lower abdomen, hips and part of her upper thighs so she was unable to see what was about to penetrate her. Thank the gods for small miracles.

He grunted, quivering. A moment later, she felt something thin, slimy and full of bumpy knots being pushed into her. He thrust it with rhythmic vigor, the room echoing with his high pitched moans. She grimaced at the painful grip he had on her legs, the area throbbing with pent up blood. It will be over soon. Octoruns never lasted long especially with humanoid females like herself. The tight, moist depths of her mound were just too much for their extremely sensitive shafts. If he wasn't so disgusting, she might have enjoyed it. Aroused, those bumps on his shaft would have tickled the inside of her mound rather nicely.

As expected, he started vibrating violently; all six of his eyes closing tight. Mira watched, fascinated, as he changed colors, moving from a slug grey to a steaming scarlet. He made a small gurgling sound and she felt him pull out of her. A moment later, the flap of skin covering her belly lifted up exposing a grey, lumpy mass faintly resembling a penis. Before she could protest, it vomited lavender gush all over her stomach. She could hardly believe that such a little thing could contain so much but by the time he was done, her stomach resembled a small pool.

"Disgusting!" She slapped at him to get off of her.

Sliding to the floor, he giggled and pushed aside the privacy curtain surrounding them. "I'll see you next week, bongna." She heard the door open to let him out and wondered why he just didn't slither through the bars. He sure as hell was slippery enough. 

She tried to wipe off his gush but it was like glue, nearly trapping her hand in its violet stickiness. Jumping off of the bed, she went to the cell door. "I need to wash." She said to the crocodile faced guard standing there. "And the bed needs to be changed."

He looked her over, giving a low laugh as he let her out. Pulling a chain from the small box on his belt, he clipped it to the ones crisscrossing her chest and led her to the communal shower room. Despite the mess covering her body, males stilled leered at her as she passed by them. Thankfully, it was only a short distance away. The guard disconnected his chain from hers and she went inside, squeezing through the ever present throng of naked female bodies to find an empty shower head.

Mira turned up the water as hot as she could stand it and did her best to scrub away the remnants of the Octorun. She was mildly aware of the small camera embedded, breast high, in the wall. Men paid to watch them bathe through the video surveillance in the showers. It was just one of many sexual services provided by the Brulords to well paying customers. With enough clicks, any fantasy or fetish could be fulfilled at the compound. There were even private stalls where men paid for the privilege of bathing the women themselves.

Of course the Brulords made a large profit from the brothels they managed. Their costs were relatively low. It wasn't as if they actually paid the women they abducted for the use of their bodies. It would have been nice, for once, to have been asked if she wanted to be a sex slave instead of being knocked unconscious and spirited millions of miles across the galaxy to some god abandoned place. She certainly would have told them no. She didn't mind being a slave and she didn't mind sexing but the Brulords had a reputation for being the worst masters. Beatings. Forced sterilization. They didn't even feed them everyday.

She soaped her body several times, making sure to clean the security chain that crisscrossed her back and locked in at four points on the metal sun shaped disk over her heart. One of the other girls scrubbed her back in exchange for Mira doing hers. "Slug?" Mira asked.

The girl made a sound of disgust. "You know, they are what make this place hell." She paused. "Among other things."

Mira agreed, her tone full of sympathy. Mira loved fur and the girl had a beautiful plum colored coat. Try as she might, however, she could not get all of the slime out of the long strands. It was going to take more than one washing. "I'm sorry. I got out as much as I could. Maybe the guards will let me come to your cell and we could try combing the rest out."

"That's okay." Tears welled up in the girl's violet eyes, so similar to her own. "I guess I'll just have to shave it...again."

"No, don't do that." Mira exclaimed. "It's so pretty. I used to do laundry and we would let clothes with stubborn stains soak in soapy water. It worked most of the time. When you dry off, put soap on the spots that are still there and leave it for awhile." The girl gave her a doubtful look. "If it doesn't work, you can still shave it off."

The girl shrugged. When they had dried off, she helped her soap the sticky parts. Though the girl, Tiphani she learn, still looked doubtful that it was not a futile endeavor, Mira's efforts to help her seemed to lighten her mood.

"Thank you." Tiphani said. "If there is anyway I can help you just let me know."

"There is," Mira said, a cheerful smile spreading across her face. "I'm looking for a new master. If you happen to come across anyone looking for a slave would you remember me? My name is Mira."

As expected, Tiphani gave her a perplexed look. "Don't you want to be free?"

"Oh, no." Mira gave a vigorous shake of her head. "A new master is just fine. One that is nice and will provide me with food everyday."

There was a long, bemused paused before, "Alright." She said, moving to the door. "Thanks again."

Mira waved goodbye to her and then retrieved a pair of panties from the common laundry. Like most of the other women here, she didn't bother with a breast support. They were just too difficult to maneuver around the security chain and she wouldn't be wearing it for very long anyway. 

She followed the guard back to her cell, ignoring the leering males she passed. Of course, Tiphani thought she was crazy. People always did when she asked them to help her find a new master. She, however, let them think what they wanted. It would be too difficult to explain why she didn't want to be free and she wasn't sure they would understand even if she did.

The guard let her back into the cell, passing his hand across her buttocks as she moved by him. He was supposed to reconnect her to the chain on her bed but he didn't. Mira never gave them any trouble and even if she did manage to escape the confines of the cell, the moment she stepped outside the compound, the disk on her chest would electrocute her. He stared at her, his reptile eyes moving over freshly scrubbed skin that glowed a soft pink in the muted light of the room.

"Have you had anyone come through looking for companions, Alto?" She asked.

He shook his head, reaching out and plucking at one of the wine colored nipples standing at attention in the cool air. "Not any good ones." He looked around the room. There were two other beds besides Mira's. One was empty. The curtain was pulled around the other but only snores sounded from behind it. "I hear there's a long distance freighter starting out in a few days. I'm sure they'll be looking for a few."

"You'll make sure my name is on the list?"

"Of course." He took a pink globe in his hand, his palm like sandpaper against her skin. She smiled, pressing against it as her stomach gave a gentle grumble.

"I'm hungry." She said.

"You are?" He asked in feigned surprise. She nodded. "Well, I'm hungry too." The guards weren't allowed to touch the girls while they were on duty and were supposed to pay like any other patron. Nevertheless, his hand drifted over her stomach and slipped inside her panties. She leaned against the footboard, opening her legs to accommodate his probing fingers. One of the first things she learned in the beginning of her career as a slave was that there wasn't much that separated the guards from those they watched over. Unless there was some overwhelming deterrent, it was always easy to get them to agree to an exchange of mutual benefits. "Maybe we should each get something to eat."

Looking over his shoulder, to make sure no one was paying any extraordinary attention to him, he pulled the curtain to cover them and then pushed down his pants. "Why don't you chew on this for a little bit."

Obediently, she dropped to her knees. Of all the shafts she has seen, Brulord males had the most interesting ones. It everted from a slit in their pelvis, a raw pink that plumped like a boiled sausage. It didn't peak like most shafts. Instead the head was dented in as though he had jammed into a wall. Inside the conclave, however, was a tiny button of pointed flesh. It was the most sensitive spot on their shaft and when she took in her mouth she made sure to flick her tongue against it a few times.

He gave a shuddering sigh and thrust his hand into her hair. "I'll bring you some apples. Would you like that?"

She pulled away to rub the shaft with her hand. "And some bread?"

"Sure."

"And cheese?"

"Cheese? Cheese is sparse in these parts." He pushed into her mouth. She started to suck him again but he didn't stop. She relaxed her throat to allow him to slip inside. He paused, a long moment, and then withdrew, giving her a moment to take a breath before invading again. He grunted as he gushed. The feel of it splattering on the back of her throat surprised her and she started sputtering. He pulled out, shooting a last stream of gush onto her cheek. "Sorry."

He quickly zipped himself up and then got her a glass of water. A few sips helped her get the coughing under control. "Alright?" She nodded, wiping the gush from her face. "Get some rest. I'll be back."

Though her bed had been stripped, the clean bed sheets and blanket sat to one side waiting for her to put them on. She wasn't particularly tired but she made up the bed and laid down anyway. There wasn't much else to do but sleep, eat and sex. Sometimes she and her friend Lelai would play games which ended, most times, with Mira kissing Lelai's mound.

Mira favored telling stories but Lelai would only listen to them if they involved some sort of sexing. The best master she ever had had taught her how to read as well as granted her access to his great library of books. She had a good memory which allowed her, years later, to pull those stories to mind in their entirety. So she worked the characters into situations of unusual couplings and whittled away spare time telling them to Lelai.

A light sadness prickled her as she thought about Zill. He'd had a slave hold of one thousand women which, to Mira, seemed to be more of a collection to him than the harem he said they were. Especially as he never laid with any of them. Instead, he seemed to find pleasure in helping the women improve themselves. He taught her equations and letters and was going to teach her how to write stories like the ones she read in the books but died instead. His heiress, devoted to the independence of women, set them free despite Mira's pleas to stay with her.

She heard Lelai's voice, followed by the sound of the door opening. There were too many footsteps for Lelai to be alone and sure enough a male voice she didn't recognize asked a question to which Alto answered. Footsteps approached her bed and she sat up on her elbows just as Alto pushed aside the privacy curtain. He set a bowl with three apples, two square blocks of cheese and a small loaf of bread on her nightstand.

Already, she could hear heavy breathing from behind Lelai's curtain and Alto's eyes roamed, longingly, over her body. She smiled, invitingly but after a long moment, he seemed to talk himself out of the temptation and left with obvious reluctance. The sharp aroma of the cheese caused her stomach to rumble but she forced herself to wait. It wasn't too long before she heard the conjoined sounds of male and female moaning punctuated by the squeak of bedsprings. A grunt and cry later, the door opened to let Lelai's customer out.

"Mira, are you awake?"

"Yes." Mira sat up just as the curtain was pushed aside to reveal Lelai's shapely form. "When I came back from the shower, you were gone. Are you alright?"

"Oh yeah." She waved a dismissive hand and sat next to her. "I had to go to a private room and then I took a shower." Lelai explained. She used a thin piece of cloth she had ripped from her bed sheet to tie back her yellow hair.

"I got some food for us." Mira broke the bread in half and handed it plus a square of cheese to her.

"Cheese?" Lelai's eyes lit up and she took a big bite of it. "I swear that guard is in love with you." She said around the food.

"He just likes it when I use my mouth to sex him." Mira held an apple to her nose and breathed in its sweet scent. She wished there was some way she could preserve it and use it to combat the smell of sweat and sex so pervasive in the compound. She took a bite, savoring its tart juice. "Was that an Earthman?"

"Yeah." She said, making a face. "He wasn't the greatest but I bet he was better than that slug you had." She giggled at Mira's shudder. "He said that a Cardonian freighter was coming through this way."

"I heard." Mira said. The Cardonian freighters were long haul ships, transporting cargo from one side of the galaxy to the other. They always purchased girls to keep them company as it was often a very long time before they saw another sentient being. "I hope they choose both of us."

"That guard is still looking out for us?" and then at Mira's nod, "I'm sure he will be happy to be rid of me but I'm not so sure he'll be willing to let you go." She laughed at Mira's stern look but it was abruptly cut off by the sound of the door opening. They hurriedly put their food back into the bowl and Mira hid it in her drawer but whoever it was didn't bother with them. Instead the footsteps made their way to the other end of the room.

"Wake up. You're going to a private room."

The girl mumbled a sleepy reply which was followed by the sharp sound of skin connecting with skin. She gave a pained wail abruptly cut off by Alto irate command to get the hell up. There was an angry rattle of chains followed by a shuffle of unwilling footsteps.

Mira and Lelai exchanged looks. "I keep telling her that life would be a lot easier for her if she learned to work with the system instead of fighting against it."

"Well, some people would rather cut off their nose to spite their face." Lelai said.

They finished eating. As usual Lelai wanted her to kiss her mound which she obliged, moving her fingers and tongue in time with the girl's writhing hips. "Mira you're the best." She said before promptly falling asleep in her own bed.

She rarely kissed her in return but Mira didn't expect her to. Unable to negotiate life as a free woman, Mira had begun traveling the countryside in search of a new master. Upon learning of her predicament, Lelai promptly offered to fill the role and they had been together ever since. Mira serving and sexing Lelai, finding food and shelter for them, earning money when they ran low. Meanwhile Lelai...well Lelai provided direction. Even if it had been a somewhat haphazard trek across the countryside, it was better than the lonely, pointless existence she'd known as a free woman.

She didn't know she had fallen asleep until she was awakened by Alto some time later. "You're going to a private room."

Silently, she followed him through a maze of corridors that became cleaner and more pleasantly decorated as they went along; finally stopping outside of a door marked seventeen. To her surprise, Alto's knock was answered by a female voice.

The niceness of the private room was directly proportionate to the money the occupant was willing to spend and the room Mira was pushed into was definitely one of the better ones. The floor and bedding was clean and hosted a private bathroom, a telephone and a television. This one even had a vase with a large flower in it on the nightstand.

"Your purchase." Alto declared.

"Thank you." The woman stood up from the small table located in a corner of the room. She was tall, almost the same height as Alto who continued to hover nearby. She raised an eyebrow at him.

"Is there anything else you need?" He asked.

She shook her head. "No. Thank you."

He left, an air of speculation surrounding him and Mira figured he was just as curious as she was. Mira had never seen a female come through the compound before. At least not for sex. She didn't immediately recognize her species. Though she was humanoid in appearance, her features had a decidedly feline accent to them. Her eyes were large tilted almonds the color of jade and pointed ears poked through a mane of dark orange hair that seemed to be an extension of the peach down covering the exposed parts of her body.

She was wearing a dark brown halter top that hugged her breasts like an over affectionate lover. The matching skirt was slung low over gently rounded hips with slits on both sides to allow the shapely legs to move freely. Heeled leather sandals completed the ensemble. It was obvious to Mira that she was trying to appear as though she were a common woman but the delicate embroidery, even stitching and quality material gave away the fact that her clothing had been made by a well trained tailor.

Mira was startled to find the woman equally perusing her person, a slight perplexed look in her eye. It seemed to Mira that the woman recognized her, though she was certain if she had ever met the woman before, she would definitely remember. "What is your name?" She asked finally.

"Mira." She said after a shocked moment. "No one's ever asked me before."

She nodded understanding, a small smile passing across her lips. "Your name is very similar to mine. I'm Shameera"

She held out her hand. After a hesitant moment, Mira shook it, falling in love with the feel of her fur against her skin. "Shameera." Mira repeated, loving the exotic and elegant way it rolled off of her tongue. It suited her. "That's pretty." She bit her lip, feeling shy, suddenly. She resisted the urge to cover her bare breasts with her hands. That's what the woman was here for. Sex. Still, she felt dirty in the shadow of Shameera's obvious refinement and debated asking her if she could bathe again.

She became aware that Shameera was staring at her with her eyebrows raised. "I...I'm sorry." She apologized. "It's just that you're not like my usual...customer."
