 "So," Prince Yban said as he sat down in one of the Emperor's favorite rooms, a tea room, "The little princess will be in the pond tonight?" 

On the outer walls, from the ceiling to the floor, there were sliding glass windows. They had starkly black frames shaped in vertical rows of rectangles. The sunlight put cage-like shadows on the inner walls and floors, but Yban had never felt cooped up in this place. 

Not even the piglet was cooped up. Little Noffnoff was in a wide yet low circular dish filled with small, smooth rocks and little bits of hidden food. She was rooting around, stimulating her little pig brain and getting healthy snacks all at once. 

Beside Noffnoff's special rooting dish, Emperor Antonai was seated at a table across from Yban, a warm cup of tea cradled in his fingers as delicately as a lover's body part. His eyes were calm. The tea was less peaceful than he was. "I'd love to prowl around the pond while she's there, but since I was the one who suggested her nightly outing, she might assume I have fiendish goals." 

A fingertip on Yban's right hand followed the path of his own cup's rim. "Highly lamentable, isn't it? She'll be bare and wet and you won't be able to see it." 

Antonai's eyebrow twitched. Then he sighed very dramatically. 

Yban licked at his teeth and lips like a cat would. Then he said, "You don't need to speak. I hear you." 

And in the middle of the night, Yban set out to do what was silently asked of him. 

Holding an oil lamp that had a dial, Yban quietly made his way towards the swimming pond. After he turned the lamp off, he made sure to hide himself behind a nearby tree that had a very significant girth. Many soldiers had enjoyed shade underneath that tree. 

Some feet away, he saw a couple of different oil lamps on a big blanket. A woman was kneeling on that blanket. The night obscured her face, but her voice gave her identity away. "Don't go any farther than that! It'd be too deep for you!" 

That was Mrs. Donner. 

Yban peeked at a figure standing in a section of the pond that was knee deep. 

A barely visible figure. 

But, thanks to the far off lights of the other buildings, there was something visible. 

A silhouette of a little woman splashing her hands in the water. 

The water stirred even more as she turned around at times, bending over or hopping a bit. He saw the gently sloping curves of her breasts. They fell down when she bent. They only slightly jostled when her back straightened. Their size seemed to be very nice, not very big, though. 

Yban noticed that her hips were comparably wider than the rest of her. 

She was a pretty little pear. 

A few more minutes went on this way. The most adorable things to notice were the innocent giggles the woman made as she played in the water. It was highly possible that she didn't know how to swim after all, and this was all she could do. She seemed to be content, though. 

A woman so pleased by the tiniest of things would be very easy and entertaining to coddle. 

Panting, drooping, the pretty woman soon left the water, and she sat down beside Mrs. Donner. The oil lamps gave Yban flashes of her body, dripping curls dangling from her head, shorter curls between her thighs, nipples responding to the water cooling them. 

Perfectly acceptable, more than acceptable! 

As Mrs. Donner helped Princess Rellenora twist the water out of her long hair, Yban gripped his lamp and carefully walked off, making sure that the next time he lit his lamp, he was a reasonable distance away. He almost tripped a few times, but that was fine. 

*** 

She woke up early again. That was so nice. She got to wear a comfy, low neckline again. She didn't even tie her hair back with any fabric. Instead, her hair was free and easy all around herself. 

Her feet as light as wispy clouds, she went into a sitting room and sat at a desk that had been placed for her. A stack of blank scrolls were waiting on her. They were the sort made with thin strips of bamboo tied and knotted together. She unrolled one scroll and dragged a box of writing utensils close. Then she chose a paint brush with a tiny round container of ink, which needed to have water. 

Fortunately, a cold teapot of water was waiting underneath the table, and she poured a little water over the dry, black material. Then she disturbed the darkness with a brush's hair. Originally, the hair had been white but overuse turned it gray. 

Then ... falling out of her like an avalanche ... 

Characters were being vertically painted down the bamboo strips. Her thoughts were free and soaring. 

It didn't take long at all for her to use up all the free space on one scroll, lay it aside for the ink to dry, and grab a fresh one. Then another, and then another, and then a fourth scroll was being written on. 

A woman's voice soon interrupted her with a harsh, impatient tone. Rellenora's brush halted in the air. Two drops of ink landed onto the bamboo strips. And then, she figured out what was being said. 

"Get up, the Emperor's here! You're not properly dressed!" 

Naeva? Rellenora looked up. She saw Naeva's slender fingers trembling before her pale cinnabar colored gown. Rellenora shrugged and put her brush down, the wet bristles balanced over the inkwell. She was about to take her writing slate so she could better communicate with Naeva, but some very formal looking servants entered the room unannounced and distracted her with a statement. "His Imperial Majesty arrives now!" 

Rellenora and Naeva both knelt down to the floor. She heard Naeva and assumed she gave the polite greeting one was expected to give the Emperor. 

The Emperor said something. Naeva got to her feet. Then she tapped Rellenora's bare shoulder. 

Oh, did he say they could get up? Yes ... now that her brain was registering it ... he did say that, didn't he? Rellenora stood up and sighed. 

She saw black slippers peek out from underneath two hems of robes, the lower one a bright cyan and the higher one a dark brown with golden kittens embroidered in a playful pattern. He walked closer as his servants moved aside. He spoke. Then Naeva spoke. 

Rellenora heard his tail whip in the air. Then the Emperor said something with a firm tone. 

Discomfort poisoned the air as Rellenora's brain absorbed the short interaction. 

So ... first the Emperor said, "Good morning, Your Highness. Have you been writing?" 

Then, Naeva had said, "Ah, Your Majesty, should I call a servant to bring some food?" 

And the Emperor replied with, "I'm waiting for your princess' response." 

Rellenora didn't really understand why he was asking about her writing. Nobody else had ever had much interest in it before. She waved her hand over the desk and gave a single, cantankerous word. "Stupid." 

He walked up to the desk and put the heel of his white hand on the tabletop's edge. A masculine perfume floated into her nose, spicy musk and leather with a light touch of mint. He spoke again and bowed. Then he honestly did wait for Rellenora to gather his words together. 

"Have I offended you? Please accept my apology. I'm terribly sorry." 

Rellenora patted the tabletop with her palm. "No." She put her fingertips to a bamboo scroll. "Stupid." Then she picked up her writing slate and wrote this statement on it, "My writing is stupid. I don't write anything intelligent, only haphazard ramblings." 

Another phrase came from the man. The tone was questioning. Rellenora figured out that he was asking, "Are these diary entries?" 

She wiped the slate. Then she wrote another statement. The chalk sounded soft but also crunchy, which was a beautiful and reassuring contradiction in her opinion. "I don't have a diary. I burn my scrolls when I have too many. I only write to empty my brain." 

She heard his tail rise and brush against his expensive clothing. He said something with a tone that confused her. It was ... creamy? A few beats later, and Rellenora understood. 

He had asked, "Does your brain often overflow with thoughts because you can't speak well? Because you need to express yourself and this is the optimal method? I'd love to know your thoughts. Won't you please let me read them?" 

Never before had her right hand been so fascinating. Never before had she examined the details so exhaustively. She saw the little bits of white coming from her fingernails. She saw the old patches of dryness. She saw chalk and old ink stains. She saw a hand that shouldn't belong to a princess. 

Something cold and viscous bubbled in her stomach. 

Rellenora new she shouldn't take any risks. Upsetting the Emperor could lead to anything bad, even war. She needed to be cautious. 

Thankfully, some thoughts would never be recorded, because even she knew that sometimes people look over a writer's shoulder. As hurtful as it was, some thoughts were not expressed. Therefore, Rellenora decided that there wasn't any risk in letting him read her writings ... but goodness!! It felt like a highly disquieting idea!! 

She wiped the slate again. Then she wrote down, "You are a wise leader, Your Highness. I can only approve of you." Her neck twisted as she looked for Naeva. Wait ... no! She wasn't nearby! Did she leave her alone with the Emperor?! 

Heat! Heat was near her, oozing into her skin! 

Rellenora turned her head back to its normal state. 

He was close! So close! She could see the noses of the kittens on his robes! 

A calm voice, a baking voice, a voice that was mixed in with vulturine feelings. Rellenora didn't need to understand the words to know that she didn't like what he said. It didn't matter, though. Her brain caught up eventually. "You have my gratitude, Your Highness, for letting me read something so personal." 

Rellenora frowned, sensing that something was off in his breath. It was heavy and thick, making her scalp tingle. Her nerves despised the feeling. 

Wanting the moment to halt completely, Rellenora reached to the first scroll she had written on. Then she handed it to the Emperor. 

She saw the fingers of one of his hands rather ... affectionately slide down the back of one strip, like he was stroking it. 

Majustans were so weird. 

The Emperor put his back to the side of the desk. Then he slid down, sitting right on the floor. One of his knees bent up. His head bent down. He read the words Rellenora had obsessively scribbled in ink. 

His hair was in a topknot that had a band of silk. A wooden pin was shoved through the bun like a skewer through grilled meat. A lone gemstone was attached to one end, a white opal stone that was carved into a shape of a rose. It was rather elegant. 

Rellenora wondered if she should continue writing or wait for the man to finish. She looked at the scroll he held, wondering if he thought her handwriting was hideous. 

Wait ... he was speaking ... why was he speaking? 

Her head went to one side and her tongue bothered her teeth as she figured out he was literally reading her writing out loud. Her entire body flared up and her fingers curled. 

The worst part of the experience was how helpless she was. When the Emperor wanted to do something, he did it, and the last thing anyone wanted was to get in his way. 

"Wolf fathers are so protective of their young. I suppose that in a wolf pack, everyone is protective of the pups, but I couldn't help but notice the fathers. Wolves have their delights, but I do not approve of keeping them as pets." 

"Princess Chohni wears the most brilliant jewelry on her fingers. Does she wear all the gemstones for her own pleasure or for the sake of impressing others? Both reasons would be acceptable, I suppose." 

"Naeva has precise stitching. She's always been a fine teacher, but I don't know if I could ever cross-stitch as beautifully as she does. I don't consider my work to be mediocre, though." 

"I'm assuming that the economy in Zenthia is healthy. Otherwise, the affluence the elites place on their bodies would be worrisome. They wear even more precious metals, jewels, and silks than Princess Chohni. I wonder if the luxury stimulates that princess' desire to win the Emperor's affection." 

"I saw a mother bird feed her young ones. Actually, it could have been the father bird. I'm not certain. This particular variety of bird is new to me, and every type has its differences." 

"I hope the pink piglet is well. She seemed healthy and gentle. I hope that before the contest ends I will be allowed to play with her." 

"I've heard people whisper that Prince Yban has an eye patch. I've never noticed. I did see something wrong with his left hand, as if someone took a large pair of scissors and cut pieces of him away. I want to pity him, but I don't believe that would be appropriate. He appears cheerful, and he has the Emperor's friendship." 

"I've heard rumors of female servants having sex with each other during their spare time. I've also heard that quite a few members of the Royal Court find this to be amusing, sometimes even arousing. I'm not offended by this, but I do wonder if these maids are ever paid tips for their performances." 

"I wish Arto was still alive. Naeva hasn't been the same since he died. She's grown strict, and she worries more. Arto used to hold her hand and say pretty things to her, keeping her happy and quiet." 

Rellenora was still standing when the Emperor finished reading the scroll. She watched him push himself back to his feet. The scroll clicked and slid as he put it back on the desk. 

He spoke to her. She knew he was speaking to her because he was making a composed gesture at her. Then he waited. 

"Your Highness," he had said, "I hope you will continue writing every day." 

Rellenora bowed because she didn't know what else to do. 

Then she heard the man snap his fingers and give a curt order. Another servant scurried into the room. The servant bowed in Rellenora's direction and said something formal. Then he held a painted box out to her. 

Oh wait ... wow! 

Her brain seemed to stumble as it weaved the meaning together. The Emperor was giving her a gift. She gave a bow, and then she opened the box. 

Inside, there was a thick book bound by leather. There was a title on the cover in raised characters. "The Storm and the Pearl Necklace." It looked like a novel. The pages were made of paper. Rellenora's left index finger traced the characters as if she wanted to write the words for herself. 

Her ears caught the Emperor's voice. His pitch was low. There was a moment of more patience. 

Rellenora's throat warmed up as she processed his words. "This is a Love Romance. It's been recently published, and it's very popular. I thought your hand should take a respite."

Had he read it, or did he only buy the book because it was popular? 

Was there a reason to care about it? 

Her fingers pressed underneath the book. Its weight was very significant. She bowed again. 

The Emperor left soon after telling her she was free to visit the piglet whenever she wanted and giving a mannerly goodbye. 

At least he was willing to share the piglet's time. 

Rellenora put the book on the desk. It thudded loudly, making her flinch. 

*** 

"Well, this is turning out much better than we expected." 

That's what Naeva had said soon after the Emperor left. The twinkly way she said it was different from what Rellenora had anticipated. 

"The way His Majesty was looking at you ... well now, perhaps it was fine for you to show your shoulders off and let your hair fall wild." 

Huh? That wasn't why she did it. She had only been trying to get comfortable. Was that man truly looking at her as if ... as if she was ...? 

But why? Rellenora was an idiot. She knew she was an idiot. What kind of man looks at an idiot and ...? Well, she couldn't say she knew what a lustful look was, because she honestly didn't know how to mentally put pieces of faces together. 

Sometimes, she could focus on a single aspect, a mouth, or one eye, or a nose, but whenever she tried to examine an entire human face her brain would signal fear into her heart. She didn't even know what her own face looked like. 

Did the Emperor look at her ...? Did he look at her with an expression that suggested ...? 

Lust? Truly? 

Rellenora knew what lust was. She knew how babies were made. She knew about the types of diseases that were mostly spread through sexual contact. 

She didn't know every way in the world to have sex. She didn't know how to flirt. She didn't always know when someone else was flirting. 

The most important thing she knew at this point, however, was that she was in danger. She needed to be as unattractive as possible. If for some ludicrous reason he made a mistake and chose her, then she would never see her home again. She would never have her normal daily routine again. She would be the most miserable empress in the world. 

Before bedtime, Naeva combed Rellenora's blonde curls out with one of the few pieces of home that comforted her. It was a pale wooden comb, plain and banal. 

It was only a comb, but Rellenora was happy to have it. It reminded her of several things good and bad, cold mornings, leaves and gray stone, medicinal incense, and her weak father in bed. He had put the comb in her hand, but he couldn't speak. His throat was so raw that even Rellenora, who often didn't understand people, could feel his pain in her own way. 

As the comb rested on Rellenora's palm, she watched as her father's withered hands make gestures she didn't understand. Frantically, quivering, the thumbs touched the index and middle fingers, and the hands jerked back and forth. 

But ... then ... his hands fell, limp and lifeless. 

*** 

Rellenora was leaving the Eggplant Palace on a rainy morning, hoping to have some time with Noffnoff, the newest Royal Pig. Her neckline was high, even though she didn't like it. Her hair was wrapped away. A light cloak was around her shoulders. She was holding an umbrella made of oiled paper. 

She walked across a few bridges, noting how the artificial rivers and ponds were wrinkling from the rain's disruption. She vaguely wished Naeva would join her. Unfortunately, Naeva didn't like pigs, couldn't stand their oinking. 

There was a woman's voice. Rellenora tried to ignore it, but it was persistent. Soon, she knew the words. "Your Highness!! Princess Rellenora!!" 

Don't stop walking! Don't stop! Pretend the words weren't heard at all! 

More hollering, the sort that was meant to get her attention. 

Rellenora's teeth pressed together. 

Then pressure under her arms. The wet path was moving away. Her umbrella fell and knocked against a statue of a male lion. Rellenora kicked and shook her arms as the wet world zoomed by. 

When her feet were on a solid surface, and when her body had been released, she was on under an outdoor ceiling, on a porch, of the Imperial Palace. A quick glance or two told Rellenora that Princess Lagath was the one who had picked her up and carried her off. 

Nudging the colorful shoulder of Princess Chohni, Princess Lagath said something chipper. Then Rellenora heard the commanding yet smooth voice of the Emperor. She looked around again. The Emperor and his friend Yban were seated and sipping at wine while Princess Chohni stood and held an ocarina. The ocarina rose, and an elegant little melody was played. 

Princess Lagath made playful motions with her arms, her heels tapping the porch's floor. She was speaking, possibly giving instructions. Rellenora didn't understand. She didn't want to understand. She rolled her eyes and ran away, wanting to find her umbrella. 

Noffnoff turned out to be playing with a leather ball in her new room in the Imperial Palace. It was actually the room that had belonged to Booboo, but that didn't matter. Rellenora played fetch with the new piglet. It was a simple, perfect pleasure. She loved the happy little grunts that came from the warm animal. It put happy signals in her brain. 
