 By the time November rolled around, Jamie's life in Tuscany had settled into a nice routine. He'd get up in the morning and, depending on where he had spent the night, he'd either have breakfast with his family, or he'd have sex with the Rossi women and then have breakfast. After that, he'd go to the shop and get to work with Aldo. Aldo kept nagging him about coming in late after spending the night at the Rossis, but he didn't really mind it as their shared work was both pleasing and lucrative. The two of them made steampunk clocks, computers, appliances, telephones, even cellphones and sold them all online for a tidy profit. They still handled appliance repairs and even the odd antique restoration, from time to time, but making their steampunk creations was both their bread and butter and the release to their creative impulses. Jamie expanded their services into fixing electronics as well and that was in high demand, making the store even more profitable.

Jamie didn't really need the money, since he was still a millionaire, but he kept taking his share as it made for a great cover story for all that he could afford. Aldo was quickly climbing out from under the pile of debt his failing business had been generating for the past few years and that was the main reason the strict and principled man tolerated Jamie's sporadic tardiness.

Jamie would take his lunch break in the afternoon, after everyone else, and he'd always take it at Trattoria Rossi. Sometimes, one, or both, of the girls would drag him upstairs for a quickie. After some more time spent at work, Jamie would always go back to the trattoria and have dinner with the girls. Then, depending on everyone's schedule, he'd either stay with them and talk and make love until late in the night, or he'd go to his mother's place and spend the evening with his family. 

Fridays and Saturdays were always swamped at the trattoria, so he'd spend them with his family, but on Sundays the trattoria was closed and he'd spend the whole day and night with the Rossi girls. They'd go to Pisa and see a movie, or do some shopping, and then retire home for an evening of carnal delight.

Each day, Jamie made a point of stealing an hour for himself, to work on his Force abilities and PTSD treatments. He also worked out twice a day to convert all the delicious food Laura made for him into hard muscle. He built up his body and now looked fit to pose for a nude statue of a greek god. If he had not adopted such an intensive exercise regime, he'd be hauling around some twenty-five pounds of fat located over his stomach.

It was a great life, Jamie had to concede. He had all the great sex with two delightful women that he could handle, all the great food that the two of them would make for him and he had possibly the greatest job he had ever even heard of. He conceived of wacky things, made them true and then sold them for a lot of money, after first playing with them himself, under the pretext of testing them. His plans for touring the world were on the back burner and he was beginning to doubt he'd make use of them at all, when the time came.

His mother had definitely become very happy living in Tuscany, despite the nearly record breaking cold autumn that had slammed them with snowfall as early as October. She was dating her boss at the wine store and the two of them were spending more and more time together every day. Jamie had thoroughly investigated the man and found nothing wrong with him. All he had on his record was a string of parking tickets that he'd regularly pay. The man traveled to larger cities in Tuscany quite often on business and, once he got there, he seemed to have trouble telling where parking was and wasn't allowed. But, other than that, he was a regular guy with an ok sense of humor, so Jamie didn't interfere with their relationship. He even kept his distance from it, after he had once walked into his mother's house and sensed her mind in the throes of ecstasy as her boss boyfriend was fucking her. It made Jamie want to crack open his own skull and pour bleach into it to get rid of the memory, but he meditated and learned to handle it. He also decided to keep his senses to himself, from then on.

Suzie was delighted as she was getting the run of the house more and more often, what with Jamie spending most of his time at casa Rossi and her mother going out and staying over at her boyfriend's often. The house became a hangout spot for the girls in her class and she was rapidly making her way to becoming the queen bee of their little school.

"Just remember, my little grasshopper," Jamie would say to her, "with great power comes great responsibility." She'd roll her eyes at him and mutter to herself about what a freak her big brother was. Jamie would smile at that. It meant they were still a family, despite their new circumstances.

Of course, happiness can't last forever and Jamie soon saw the fly land in his ointment. On the first Tuesday in November, the Sun finally broke through the gray, leaden clouds to sneak a peek at their sleepy, little town. Jamie was heading to the trattoria for lunch when he saw them. Three officers in gray uniforms were coming out of the trattoria, just as he was crossing the square. He gingerly extended his senses into their minds and was shocked to feel his telepathy blocked. He guessed they were part of the italian supernatural law enforcement. The three men got into a green jeep with the words "State Forestry Corps" painted on its side and drove off across the square, which was illegal, since the square was strictly a pedestrian traffic only zone.

Jamie dashed into the trattoria, looking for his girls. Laura was sitting at one of the tables. There was only one patron in the place, an elderly gentleman eating pasta in the back. Jamie knelt at Laura's feet and worriedly asked, "What's wrong?! Where's Alessandra!? Are you alright?!"

"Jamie," Laura said, "Jamie, calm down! Everything is alright. I'm fine. We're fine."

"Well, what's going on? Why were the cops just here?"

Alessandra came out of the kitchen, having heard Jamie's shouted questions and came over. Jamie and she hugged as Laura said, "They just wanted to ask some questions."

"About what," Jamie asked. "I know they were from the magical authorities. Did they come round to ask about me?"

"No," Laura said. "Don't worry about it. There are some suspicious animal attacks happening in the forest north of the city. They're just making the rounds and asking questions. No people have been hurt so far and that means they're not going to bend over backwards investigating."

The three of them sat down and Alessandra brought Jamie some lunch. She sat in his lap as he tried to eat it. "So, how are these attacks suspicious," he asked Laura.

Laura shrugged. "They didn't say," she said. "They came to ask questions, not answer them."

"Does this happen often," he asked.

Laura sighed and looked far into the distance. "I think it happened once before, when I was a little girl," she said, after a while. "I can't remember it clearly anymore, I was just starting school at the time, but I think I can remember my father warning me against going into the forest. I think the whole thing ended when a young man was killed in the woods."

Jamie patiently listened to her little trip down memory lane and then said, "I meant, do the cops come round to ask you questions often?"

"Oh, no," Laura said and chuckled. She read the concern on his face and waved it off. "Don't worry about it," she said. "It's standard procedure. Every time something happens, they go round and ask every caster in the area. It's just like when regular police go from door to door to ask people if they've seen anything. They were only here for ten minutes."

Jamie nodded at her answer and said, "And how often do they come to ask you if you've seen anything?"

Laura shrugged. "I don't know," she said. "Maybe once a year? Twice? It's so rare and harmless, I don't even pay attention to it."

"I just don't want a bunch of cops to start recognizing my face around here and asking any specific questions," Jamie said.

"Oh, don't worry," Laura said. "It's always a different bunch of cops from a different police force. I don't think I've ever been visited by the same cop twice." Laura got up and charged her leaving patron for his meal. He thanked her and slowly left, shooting envious looks at Jamie. Jamie stared him down and shot the back of his retreating head a few glares as well. "Anyway, I think I'll just lock up for an hour, or so. Let's go upstairs!"

Alessandra squealed in joy as Jamie picked her up and carried her up the stairs. Her mother followed them and they were in her bed in no time, stripping each other naked with frenzied, tugging movements. Laura blew him while Alessandra planted her sweet pussy on his face. After that, the girls made out with one another and fingered each other to orgasm. Watching them, Jamie recovered from shooting his load down Laura's throat enough to get back in the game. He plowed Alessandra's pussy while her mother was fingering her clit. Alessandra had orgasm after orgasm and finally had to beg them to stop. They set her aside and Jamie fucked Laura until they both came at the same time. The three of them lay in the bed, catching their breaths and fondling one another for the longest time. Jamie always felt like time stopped when he was in bed with the girls. Nothing but their skin mattered in those tender moments.

Pretty soon, Laura began to insist that she and Alessandra go back downstairs and re-open the trattoria. No amount of grumbling or pleading from Jamie could dissuade them. He watched them dress, enjoying the way their breasts bounced as they skipped to pull up their legwarmers. After they went downstairs, Jamie had no other option but to get dressed and go back to work.

On Thursday, he came to the trattoria for dinner, expecting to spend the whole night with the Rossi girls before they took their customary break over Friday and Saturday. When he came in, Alessandra greeted him with a kiss and sat him down. "I've kept this hidden, just for you," she said, as she served him a plate of pasta with mushroom sauce..

Jamie smiled and raised his eyebrows at her. "Oh, am I to take it this isn't on the menu for the lesser mortals," he asked her.

Alessandra laughed and said, "No, it isn't." She leaned in closer and whispered, "Andrea is cooking the dinner menu today and he is off his game. I think his girlfriend and he must be on the outs cause half the pasta is coming out overcooked."

"So, your mother is taking some time off upstairs," Jamie asked, looking forward to the idea of sodomizing her mother.

"She's entertaining guests," Alessandra said.

Jamie took a bite of the pasta and moaned in appreciation of the taste. After he swallowed his mouthful, he asked, "Guests?"

"Yes, an old friend from school and his wife." She was called away by a patron and Jamie ate his dinner, wondering who the guests upstairs were. He decided to sneak a peek and loosened his chokehold on his Jedi senses. He explored the upstairs, while slowly chewing his food. He sensed Laura, a man and a woman and he didn't like what he sensed in their minds. Laura was genuinely worried and quite concerned, and the man and woman that were with her were haunted and somewhat shell-shocked. Their minds felt like they were on the very brink of cracking under a terrible pressure. Jamie patiently probed and got the impression that someone, or something, was scaring them half to death on a regular basis.

Alessandra interrupted Jamie's scouting of the situation by plopping her delectable rear into his lap and kissing him. After making out for a few minutes, she had to tend to more customers so she reluctantly got out of his lap. Jamie finished his dinner and sat undecided at the long table. On the one hand, he didn't want anything to do with the problems of these new people Laura was "entertaining" upstairs. They felt serious enough to warrant police attention. Jamie certainly couldn't afford to have cops snooping around. On the other hand, Laura was genuinely concerned about the pair and their plight, whatever it was. It would behoove him to lend a hand.

Jamie's musings were cut short when he sensed Laura's mind clear up in determination and the couple started to feel some small measure of hope. Jamie sighed. Whatever it was, Laura had just gotten involved with it. He wiped his mouth with his napkin and stood up to go home. He decided he wasn't going to get involved with this matter, whatever it turned out to be.

Alessandra saw him putting on his coat to leave and rushed over to him. She hugged him tight and said, "Why are you leaving?"

"Well, I didn't want to intrude," Jamie said, "you know, with your mother's guests."

She blew a brief raspberry and said, "Nonsense. You and I are spending this night together."

Jamie smiled and kissed her. "When do you get off work?"

"We close up in a little over an hour," she said. "Go upstairs and get naked in my bed." She slipped out of his hug and shook a finger at him, admonishingly. "You and I haven't made love without my mother present for more than a week now." Jamie took a quick, telepathic survey of the trattoria and was relieved that no one had heard her. "You are starting to make me feel neglected. Do you love my mother more than me?"

"What? No! Of course not."

"Then prove it," she said. "Tonight, you and I are going to have some us time and my mother is not going to participate."

"Won't she be jealous?"

"I don't care," Alessandra said. "Officially, you are my boyfriend, not hers."

Jamie skipped over her use of the term "boyfriend" and said, "I don't want to come between the two of you. I'd hate it if you got into a fight over me."

She blew another raspberry at him and waved her hand dismissively. "You'd love it," she said, "and we both know it. Now, get your ass upstairs and into my bed, or I'll bite it off the next time I see it!"

"Yes, ma'am," Jamie said and jogged to the stairs.

"And no calling me ma'am," she called after him.

Jamie said, "Sir, yes, sir," before climbing up the stairs with a wide smile on his face. His smile vanished when he saw Laura and her guests in the upstairs living room. The man's face looked as white as a sheet and the short, swarthy and obviously pregnant woman sitting next to him looked like she'd be pale too, if only her complexion would allow it. "Good evening."

"Jamie, come in," Laura said and gestured next to herself on the couch, "sit down! Join us!" Jamie still had an hour before Alessandra was free, so he decided to sit with them for some of that time. "This is my good friend Emilio Rizzoli." Jamie and Emilio shook hands. Jamie noted the man's grip was faint, like his strength had been sapped from him. "And this is his wife, Dren." Jamie somehow managed to keep a straight face and not make a "Farscape" reference. He and the woman clasped hands. "This is Jamie Benson, he's my daughter's boyfriend."

Jamie sat back and forced a polite smile on his face. In the span of a few minutes, both the Rossi women had called him Alessandra's boyfriend, despite their agreement that their relationship was to remain a purely sexual one. He decided not to bring up this issue right now, in front of Laura's guests.

"We can continue our conversation," Laura said to her guests, "Jamie is in the know about things." Jamie frowned at hearing her say that. Obviously, these people were scared half to death over a matter of magic, or she wouldn't have said that.

"Ah, good," Emilio said and relaxed, somewhat.

"But I don't want to intrude," Jamie said. "If this is something you'd prefer to discuss with Laura alone, I can just leave you to it."

Emilio and Dren looked at each other and then shot Laura a questioning look. Laura put her hand over Jamie's forearm and leaned towards him, saying, "I'd appreciate it if you stayed and gave us your take on this matter." She squeezed his forearm and he noted the meaningful look in her eyes. It was almost pleading in its nature. He conceded to her unspoken request with the slightest of nods.

Jamie sat back and relaxed in his chair. "Well, all right," he said. "Tell me what's going on and I'll give you my opinion!"

Emilio sighed and wiped his face, looking utterly lost, for a moment. Dren brought his hand to her mouth and kissed it. She rubbed it in support. Emilio smiled at her and then turned to Jamie. "My family is... special," he reluctantly said. "During the many centuries they have lived here, there were many witches born into our bloodline. No one has been born with magic since my great-uncle but..." He gave a look at his wife's tummy. "My family commanded great respect in the old days. Several of my ancestors were high advisors to the Grand Dukes of Tuscany and... Oh, I shouldn't bother you with the details. Suffice it to say, my family has a high opinion of itself." Emilio shot Jamie a long suffering look. "A very, very high opinion of themselves.

"I don't know when it all had started, but it became an obsession in my family that we only marry and breed with the most suitable of mates, either to increase the chances of conceiving a magically gifted heir, or to advance our family's social position and wealth. My wife Dren," he kissed her hand, "is not considered adequate by the idiot standards of my family." Jamie had enough manners to leave the question of why unasked. "She is Albanian and only the purest of Italians are considered worthy, you see."

"Wait," Jamie said. "You're married and about to have a baby and they're only objecting now?"

Emilio barked out a nervous laugh and said, "Forgive me. I have been dealing with my family since I was born, sometimes I forget to explain myself. You see, my family is dead."

Jamie glanced at the window behind the man and half expected to see the flash of lightning and hear the roar of thunder, like in a horror movie. When none appeared, he said, "Dead?"

"Yes," Emilio said, nodding, "My mother and I are the only two living members of my family. Everyone else is dead."

"Everyone?"

"Yes, their high standards for breeding mates have resulted in all but my branch of the family tree dying out."

"And the dead relatives are, um," Jamie said and paused for words, "uh, objecting?"

Emilio nodded and seemed glad that Jamie was understanding his situation. "Yes," he said. "The spirits of my deceased caster ancestors are watching over me to make sure that their bloodline and legacy stay unsoiled and..." Emilio paused and turned to his wife, leaning in, kissing her hands and whispering concerned questions in her ear. Jamie could sense the man was worried sick she'd get fed up with the supernatural bullshit and leave him altogether. He could also sense that Dren would rather die that go back to whatever her life was before Emilio came along. Considering how shell-shocked they both looked, Jamie thought that dying was a real option.

Jamie shot Laura a questioning look and she gestured for patience. Emilio kissed his wife and then resumed talking. "The matter at hand started when we had first been pregnant. Dren had a miscarriage late in the pregnancy, completely out of the blue." Jamie had to bite the inside of his cheek and retreat into his calm center to prevent himself from grinning at hearing her name. It simply wouldn't do to grin at the woman while her traumas were being discussed. "My mother said it was because our ancestors are opposed to us having a child. The doctors were able to save Dren and we are again blessed with a child. It's a miracle." The two of them shared a tearful look. "But the nightmare had just started. My family's estate is next to the forest, just north of the city. We own the vineyards there." Emilio paused and shot Jamie an expectant look.
