 It was another rain soaked morning, but the Empress Dowager didn't mind. She rather enjoyed watching the water shoot down to the earth. On this day, though, she had other things to focus on. In the Ruby Palace, the palace she lived in, the Empress Dowager would soon receive a guest. 

Princess Lagath Brudist Apsalani entered the reception room alone. The Empress Dowager wanted a more private meeting, no ladies-in-waiting allowed. She had heard rumors of this princess' athletic build and darker skin, but to see it in person was almost daunting. 

"My name is Herena Latrice Varesqu," she told the princess as they sat down. "I am the mother of the current Emperor of this mighty empire." Her voice was appropriately stern. 

And then, as a potential employer might do, the Empress Dowager interviewed the princess. 

What's your favorite hobby? 

"Martial arts." 

What's your favorite thing about your home country? 

"The military." 

What sort of illnesses and defects have been common in your family? 

"Arthritis, and some relative somewhere had an extra toe." 

How many children would you like to have? 

"All the children. ALL THE CHILDREN PHYSICALLY POSSIBLE!!" 

Do you have a good relationship with your parents? 

"The best relationship!!" 

What do you think of the Emperor? 

"He seems strong." 

What do you think of me? 

"You're just like all the other women here, coated in pretty things." 

If you became the Empress here, would you try to influence your husband to change anything? 

"I'd have a school funded for teaching the youth combat, boys and girls. I probably wouldn't even ask the Emperor for permission." 

Why should my son choose you? 

"I don't think he should, exactly, but he could, and that would be fine. I don't care much. Our nations would still be allies no matter who he chose." 

Princess Lagath didn't seem to be a bad person. She did, however seem to be rather aggressive and ferociously independent. These were excellent qualities to have, certainly, but Herena wondered if she'd end up having too many arguments with her son. When two dominant personalities clash, the results weren't often the best. 

Thirty minutes after that, Princess Chohni Aiyo was interviewed. She looked to be the opposite of Lagath in every way. She was as dainty and groomed as a tiny pet dog sitting in an aristocrat's lap, but something false was in her brown eyes. 

What's your favorite hobby? 

"I have too many to choose from. Perhaps music or dancing?" 

What's your favorite thing about your home country? 

"The popular arts." 

What sort of illnesses and defects have been common in your family? 

"None. My lineage is perfect." 

How many children would you like to have? 

"As many as His Majesty requires." 

Do you have a good relationship with your parents? 

"Certainly! They gave me the best education, and I have their confidence." 

What do you think of the Emperor? 

"Oh, he is a powerful man, no doubt." 

What do you think of me? 

"You must have been an excellent mother, since you've raised such an excellent man." 

If you became the Empress here, would you try to influence your husband to change anything? 

"Everything here seems fine. I don't see a reason to change anything, but I would like to introduce several examples of music and literature from my home country here." 

Why should my son choose you? 

"I'm the most qualified princess here." 

Well, Princess Chohni was rather competitive, wasn't she? She truly wanted to win. What would she do if she won? Would she still have the desire to compete? Would she become bored? Would she decide that she needed to seek out potential rivals for anything, even something as stupid as card games or paper folding, and destroy that imagined competition? 

Or was she simply doing what she believed was best for her nation, seeking out the most powerful and beneficial alliance possible? 

Would dear Antonai become so enchanted by her physical beauty that he'd ignore any flaws she might have? She was so perfect looking, after all ... 

No ... even if that did happen, even his patience had its limits. 

Herena imagined that princess wasn't dangerous, but something about her screamed out the word headache. 

Lastly, it was Princess Rellenora Analisa Nograith's turn. Such an odd girl, nearly silent, always looking away. Herena had heard that she mostly used a writing slate instead of speaking, and she needed a pause after everything she heard in order to fully comprehend the words. 

Prince Yban himself had gone to Herena and explained. "I believe that, if Her Majesty would please listen to this metaphor, her brain functions in this way. When she hears someone speak, she knows a messenger has left to give her a scroll. Sadly, her mind receives and reads the scroll slowly. Literally, however, she reads and writes swiftly." 

Keeping this information in mind, Herena interviewed the princess, listening to her chalk grind against the slate. 

What's your favorite hobby? 

"I like to write, but I also like to watch animals." 

What's your favorite thing about your home country? 

"The wilderness." 

What sort of illnesses and defects have been common in your family? 

"I'm not certain, but it's obvious that I was born an idiot. This should be considered." 

How many children would you like to have? 

"I don't know." 

Do you have a good relationship with your parents? 

"I don't know." 

What do you think of the Emperor? 

"He's the Emperor of Zenthia." 

What do you think of me? 

"You're his mother." 

If you became the Empress here, would you try to influence your husband to change anything? 

"I don't believe I could influence him." 

Why should my son choose you? 

"He shouldn't. There are two highly qualified princesses waiting on him. 

Once that princess had been sent away, Herena went to the nearest wall and knocked her forehead against it a handful of times. 

*** 

It was time for another little test. 

All three princesses were gathered in a single room. They were each given one blank cross-stitching sampler and instructed to create something with pretty thread within a certain amount of time. Servants walked around, observing the princesses work at different corners of the room, making sure that nobody was using any form of cheating. 

Princess Chohni made a lovely image of flowers settled in a basket. It was colorful, tender, and worthy of being hung on a wall. 

Princess Rellenora made a gray image of a large dog sleeping on top of a boulder. It was technically well made, but it wasn't particularly stunning. 

Princess Lagath made a lopsided version of a circle and gave up. She said she didn't really know how to cross-stitch and didn't see the point of it. 

Another test was given on the next day. The princesses were instructed to play a game, a literal scavenger hunt. Princesses Chohni and Lagath ended up matching their scores, a complete tie, while Princess Rellenora ignored the game and watched the Emperor's hunting dogs play in their pen. 

And the next day, another little test. Of all things, the princesses were told to write essays. The subject? Their families. What was it like to grow up in their royal residences with kings and queens as parents? 

Much to both the Emperor's and Yban's absolute shock, while Princesses Chohni and Lagath wrote lengthy essays about their childhoods and current feelings for their families, Princess Rellenora only wrote a few sentences. 

"I grew up in a castle. Mrs. Naeva Donner was my nanny and is now my companion. My father is dead. My mother is ruling in his place. My eldest brother is the heir to the throne." 

Princess Rellenora didn't like discussing her family, it seemed. 

Another test on another day. The princesses were told to count, literally count, wooden tokens. Then they were also told to perform several math problems with the tokens, no abacuses permitted. The so finely educated Chohni had the most difficulty with this task. She could count, but the more difficult math problems stumped her. Her face turned a combination of red and purple as she battled with the tokens. 

The other two princesses, however, performed decently. They weren't geniuses, and they certainly got many things wrong, but at least they had good scores overall. 

Another test. The princesses were expected to actually try cooking a meal. A bride of the Emperor wouldn't be required to cook at all, but the test was given anyway. Only Lagath ended up making something edible. The other two princesses had to depend on servants to stop accidental fires from spreading. 

And another test on another day! The women were asked to play several board games with off duty soldiers. They were games inspired by war strategies. Lagath did well while the other two princesses lost every match. 

Vaguely, Yban wondered what other tests would be next. As far as he knew, dear Antonai wasn't judging the women based on how well they performed. He was judging them based on their behavior during the tests, and their behavior during their free days too. 

He ate a private lunch with Antonai in his Imperial Palace, a place that wasn't the prince's home but might as well have been. Their table was small and intimate. They sat beside each other, talking about the lightest subjects. Then, Yban patted his friend's thigh with gentle fingertips. "So, have you found a favorite yet?" 

"Aside from you?" Antonai used the edges of his silver fingernails to tap the tops of Yban's, putting hardly audible notes in the air. The pressure was sharp but gratifying. "I have a favorite." 

"What will the next test be?" 

Antonai pulled on one of his horns, which lead his head to one direction. His eyes closed. "I don't know." 

Legitimately surprised, Yban put a curled hand on his chin and looked up at the paneling on the ceiling. "You've given them fair tasks. They're all lovely princesses and fine women." 

He heard Antonai exhale. Then his voice rolled out slowly, like a heavy wheel being carefully pulled across the ground. "Many elites have their marriages arranged by their parents." 

"Were it not for your influence, I'd have an estate and a wife I care little for in Halarsi." Yban looked down at the table and picked up a cup of tea. 

"I should choose one with the greatest political benefits." 

Yban took a sip of his drink. Then he smacked his lips and looked down at his mostly finished meal. "All three countries have roughly equal advantages. No matter which princess you choose, you will do well, at least in that regard. So," here, he used a utensil to jab at a chunk of grilled chicken, "consider the women's talents and intelligence." 

"Sensible, Yban, very sensible, but all three are equal, different yet equal." 

The prince noticed that Antonai's hand was gripping the edge of the table top. His pale fingertips were pinker than normal. Yban chose to say, "Most members of the court would disagree with you." 

The pale fingers relaxed. The rosiness faded away. "Most members of the court don't study the princesses as I do." He nudged his plate forward. "Which one do you prefer?" 

Yban didn't want to answer that just yet. "Why are you asking me?" 

The Emperor's next words were so beautiful, so sincere, and so heartbreaking that Yban shuddered as he listened. "You're ... important." Antonai's spine seemed to curve. Dangling chains of silver hung from his hair ornaments. As the Emperor looked down, their ends curled around like ropes someone wanted to roll as they touched his shoulders. "A wife of mine should be well received by you ... and ... if you don't agree with my choice ... the regret would shatter my heart." 

The emotions boiling in Yban were overwhelming. 

His arms went to the Emperor with ease and strength. His fingers spread and bent as he clawed at the silk clothing. His cheek pressed into Antonai's shoulder. "Be selfish! For your own sanity, be selfish! Choose a woman that would bring happiness to your life. If you don't, I will despair and so will you." 

Antonai's muscles tensed beneath the silk. "Do you honestly feel this way?" 

"How could I feel any other way?" 

His crisp yet heavy perfume felt wonderful in Yban's lungs. 

The Emperor took a gulp of saliva. "Then ... then I will tell you which princess I'll choose." 

And after Antonai gave the name, Yban murmured his endorsement and put his lips to his white throat. 

They had to go then, simply had to. 

They went to Antonai's private bedroom. The servants knew to exit as soon as they saw the Emperor's hand over Yban's. 

Black and gold wall paneling, reflective black stone floors, red rugs, it was an expensively decorated room. Vases painted with gold lines held many flowers, white pansies, purple irises, yellow daffodils, and pink tulips. White statues of various sizes were about, dragons and humans, dogs and horses, even a few statues of birds. 

There was a curved alcove with a large mattress inside. Within the wall outside the alcove, there were several rows of drawers. Yban dragged one drawer out. He picked up a small metal flask and handed it to Antonai. They both knew what it meant between them when one handed the other that specific flask. 

Antonai was the one to close the drawer. He reached inside the alcove to a high shelf above the foot of the bed. He put the flask there. Then he pulled himself back so he could remove the pins and strings keep his headdress in place. 

Soon, there was nothing left for any of the men to remove. They were completely nude with their hair shifting all around their bodies as they grasped each other. Not even hints of stubble would offend them. They hummed into each other, licked at each other, and were completely at ease with each other. They were very fortunate to be of similar heights. Their kisses were simple and effortless. 

Playfully, lightly, Yban's fingernails made invisible little roads in the Emperor's skin as he lowered his hands and knelt down. 

An inkling of arousal was there, framed by the Emperor's black hair, twitching a little. He was only just beginning to harden. 

Yban's tongue stretched out to lick from the base to the tip. It was a familiar taste, and he was glad to have it in his mouth. He went for more, putting the pink head behind his lips. 

A memory came to him ... something Antonai had said to him a long time ago. 

"He can never be forgiven!" 

Yban hummed against the hot stalk as he put more if it inside, feeling it harden, saliva oozing out and trickling down his throat. One of his hands slipped underneath to gently hold and rub the dark testicles. Antonai hissed down at him. 

Another memory. More statements that had been firmly given by Antonai. 

"This won't happen again. I won't allow it. He won't put another mark on you." 

As violent as this Emperor had been ... it had been for the sake of everyone else, his mother's sake, the Royal Staff's sake, the empire's sake ... 

Yban's sake ... 

Yet so many were afraid of him. 

The penis was harder, longer, perhaps even thicker, and the flavor intensified. 

Back and forth, Yban moved, keeping his lips tight and pressing his tongue into the erection. He heard Antonai's voice from above. 

"Oh damn ... you should give my bride lessons!" 

Now that sounded deliciously entertaining! Yban's cock pulsed as he wondered at all the ways he could perform. Then he wondered if the new Empress would be an observant student. 

Antonai was pumping into his mouth. It was perfectly fine, even welcomed. Both men had an abundance of experience. Yban's jaw muscles hardly noticed the strain. 

Fuck ... he tasted like musk and comfort. The only times he ever tasted better was when he had a layer of womanhood there. 

But Antonai pulled out, taking most of the flavor with him. What was left was almost branded in Yban's mouth. The testicles slipped out of his grasp. 

Yban's shoulder was nudged; his body was pointed towards the bed. Wiping his mouth and neck with his palm, the prince went inside the alcove. He climbed onto the mattress, and then he got onto his belly, his knees bent, his arms sinking into the covers. 

He heard and felt the mattress move about as Antonai got onto the bed. Then he heard the flask scrape against the shelf. It popped as it was opened. 

That sweet and strong perfume came to him again. Yban felt his hair slide over his neck and fingertips following the motion. Then those fingertips were soon gone and the mattress bounced again. 

Yban felt them again ... fingers ... moistened with oil ... stroking down from the base of his spine ... and then ... right between his cheeks. 

The prince's cock heated and pulsed. He was already stiffening. 

He licked his teeth and waited. 

Yes! Teasing and tapping, then some gentle prodding. The finger disappeared a few times to get more oil and then dip back into his anus. 

In Yban's throat, there was a rumbling. Then, as he felt himself being stretched a little, opened a little, he ground out the word please multiple times. After a few minutes, he was singing out the word now. 

There's nothing wrong with a little begging now and then. 

Antonai's warmth was on his legs, thighs, and backside. His black pubic hair was abrasive, but in a way Yban loved. His hips were gripped tightly. 

He had to remind himself not to hold his breath. 

But he did moan. 

Antonai moaned too. 

Regular and slow ... more of a pattern of caresses than anything ... bearing down on his prostate over and over ... 

With this young Emperor, it was truly a wonderful thing. It wasn't a frightening experience. It wasn't a vicious experience. 

It wasn't something that made him want to vomit. 

It wasn't something that haunted his dreams and had him waking up in the middle of the night with cold skin and a rapid heartbeat. 

Another few statements Antonai had made to him ... another memory ... 

"As long as I'm able to provide a home, a safe place, for you, I will do so. I swear it, Yban. I swear by my life." 

Yban had told him, "Swear on your horns instead. Your life is too precious." 

Now, with that man's cock in his ass, Yban was telling him to pound in. 

The mattress rocked and squeaked. The force of Antonai's thrusting had Yban's body doing the same. He felt Antonai's testicles slapping against him, putting a delicate, wrinkled feeling in his brain. 

Nonchalantly, the Emperor said, "Come now, you know I can't be satisfied with this alone." Then he slid his hand around and seized Yban's penis, paying a little more attention to the head, seeking out the precum that was leaking out. 

The prince yelped out a bubbly, absurd noise. 

"Hmmm? Are you happy?" 

Yban thirstily answered. "Yeeeeeeeeeeeees!!" 

"Do you like this?" 

"Oh yes!!" 

The Emperor squeezed that cock a bit harder, pushing himself in so deep that it nearly hurt. "Marvelous, you feel soooooo marvelous around me, Yban." He squeezed again. "But your body will serve me better when you cum." Again, a squeeze. "Go on, go on. Your ass is paradise when you're cumming!" 

How could he not? The way he was goading him with that demanding voice, how could he not?! 

A moment after the Emperor had given his order, Yban felt everything from the waist down explode. He barked and slobbered and folded his toes. His anus quivered around the thickness. His prostate was panicking. He was shooting semen out, making a mess all over the lavish bed. 

Antonai followed, growling out rushed words. "That's so good, so good, so good. Damn that's so good! Yes!! Yes!!" He was tensing, moving irregularly inside Yban's ass. Then he stopped, and Yban felt the well known little spurts. 

He dragged his softening penis out and fell down beside the prince, breathing as if he had physically defeated a stubborn enemy. 
