 The day was oddly painless, but Rellenora still felt tense. 

She told herself that when her husband summoned her, she needed to go. 

But when she asked herself why she'd permit any part of whatever was to happen to involve Prince Yban, there was a secret answer, an answer she didn't want to believe even existed. So, she pretended it never did exist. All that was left was this answer: "I don't know." 

But she did know that Chohni was the sort of person who liked treasures. Rellenora noticed that. The slender, dark haired princess loved to talk about the history of certain little curios, how they were made, why they were made, and even about the precious materials often used to make them. 

Most of her collections had to be sent back to her home, but in her room in the White Jade Palace, there was a long wall of shelves loaded with fancy little things. Vases, statues, boxes, paintings, ashtrays, compacts, all sorts of things. The older, the better, although she did appreciate a new thing now and again. 

Thinking that Chohni might like a new thing, Rellenora summoned one of the merchants sniffing about the Royal Court. She asked what sort of treasures he might have. The merchant showed his inquisitive Empress many silly things, but when Rellenora noticed how excited Chohni was at the sight of a certain thing, she immediately purchased it. It was a painted and lacquered triangular fan. There was a brilliant scene of a busy marketplace on the fan's blades. It also looked fairly old, maybe even antique.  

Silent, but firmly nodding, Rellenora put the lovely fan into Chohni's pretty hand. Then she wrote on her slate, "Here's a gift for you. I hope it's comforting. I know you must be missing your home." In truth, Rellenora didn't know if Chohni was missing her home or not, but there was always the chance that she was, and Rellenora thought that was one of the worst feelings to have. 

Princess Chohni bowed and held the fan to her bosom. She body seemed to fill up with breath and then she deflated. Then she rushed to go to her room so she could put her new fan on display. 

*** 

When it was dark, a servant told Rellenora that the Emperor had requested her presence at his palace. 

Putting one of her painted fingernails on her lower lip, Rellenora wondered if she could find any answer to her silent question that she didn't want to pretend was nonexistent. 

She found none. 

Rellenora was escorted by her ladies-in-waiting to the Imperial Palace. Beforehand, she had all of her ornaments taken from her hair, but those curly locks were still tied up. 

When she was at an entrance, the ladies-in-waiting left her. She entered the building. Another servant politely led her through the layout. When she was at a tall set of double doors, the servant bowed and left as two guards opened the doors. 

The room was large. Candles were all around, making Rellenora think of her wedding night. There wasn't a tall bed, or an alcove bed. There was a low mattress instead, with enough space for ten people to sleep on. She could have stepped on it with no trouble. A thin set of curtains surrounded the mattress. 

Very sarcastically, Rellenora thought to herself, "Goodness, where in the world am I meant to be?!" Then, not so sarcastically, she thought, "Is there a room like this in my palace? What of the Empress Dowager? Does she have a room like this?" 

She went to one of the thin curtains and pulled it aside. There were sparkly dots on the fabric, glittering in the firelight like fragments of glass. Her slippers were kicked away. Her knees, still hidden behind her clothing, went to the low bed. Her loose sleeves dragged against the light blanket that was on the mattress. The fine curtain fell down behind her as she shuffled to a position in the center. Her eyes were pointed at her dark blue fingernails. They had been recently painted. In the candlelit room, they almost seemed black. 

Quiet, so quiet. If a bundle of feathers had been dropped to the floor, Rellenora would have heard it. 

Then, footsteps. Bare feet. Sounded like four. Of course. Rellenora put a hand to her bosom and tried to keep her breath calm. 

Within a few more of her delicate breaths, a pressure was on her shoulder. She heard a masculine voice. The accent was familiar. Antonai. He had his older perfume on his person, leather, musk, and mint. He was touching her, his fingers dancing. He was nuzzling her cheek, waiting for her to understand. His hair tickled her neck. She turned her body to face him. 

"Good evening, Dearheart. If you'd be so generous, would you let poor Yban see you? Hm? You're so beautiful, and he'd be very grateful." 

Still, there was the answer, the answer Rellenora didn't want, the answer she put away. So, in her mind, she still thought, "I don't know," even though she did know. 

But she couldn't literally say I don't know, even if she didn't have her normal difficulties with communicating. 

She nodded. She didn't know she nodded until after she had done it. 

Antonai kissed her mouth and started untying her clothing. Her brain wouldn't let her look at his face; her eyes closed. 

Was that prince watching? Was he lurking behind the curtains? Was he peeking? Did he honestly want to see her? Did he want to see Antonai? Did he want to see ... their pleasure ...? 

Why ... why was her ... 

Cunt ... 

So many words, silly words for secret body parts, they were filling her head. She couldn't imagine why. Funny vulgar words, some she had heard from Antonai's lips, some she had heard whispered among maids, some she had even read in medical texts, because even doctors needed to know what certain words meant. 

Cunt, pussy, muff, cock, pizzle, willy, balls, coin purse, ass, tits, etcetera ... 

Instead of laughing at the stupid words, Rellenora quietly blushed and licked at Antonai's heavy tongue. She was in a vulgar situation, just as vulgar as all those words, and it was fine, perfectly fine. She was pleasing her husband, as she was required to do, and she was pleasing her ... 

Friend? 

Her body was soon exposed to the air, slightly heated by all the candles in the room, but her nipples were puckering anyway. She heard Antonai throw the clothing off to some corner of the bed. She felt his tail curl around her waist. It was warm, like another arm, but it was much more flexible. 

Rellenora embraced him, and she learned that he was nude. His body hair was stimulating, nearly electric. Her fingers slid into the hair on his head, loose and cool. 

Down, her back and tight hairstyle fell to the bed. That hairstyle would be ruined, but that was fine. She had maids to help her in the morning. 

Antonai was over her, running as much of his tongue that was likely possible all over one of her breasts, covering more than just her nipple, pushing the fatty underside up with each lick. His hair fell over her. Her belly, thighs, and even her cunt, all were whining at the sensations. 

"Ah! Ahhh!" Her voice was hopping from cloud to cloud. "Ah! Ahhh! Ah!" 

Rellenora moved her hand down from Antonai's head and to his hip. He was fairly lean there. Then she felt around for that cock. 

First, she felt the pubic hair, scratchy yet soft. How was that possible? 

When her fingernails met a solid cylinder, she knew she had what she wanted. Her fingers ringed around the organ. It was a bit limp, but as she pressed and stroked, and as Antonai trembled and put his lips between her breasts, the organ hardened. 

The ridge between the glans and the shaft was interesting to touch. Her thumb traced it, then flicked at it. Antonai's voice rolled into her sternum. 

Harder, a little harder, don't scratch him with the nails! It's because of him that her nails were so pretty and pampered. Don't insult him with such an injury! 

When his hips started pumping a bit, Rellenora abandoned the cock and went down to the testicles. She carefully held the two weights on her palm and fingers, appreciating the fuzzy skin that helped to keep him contained. 

His voice was like a slap. Rellenora flinched. Her hand retreated. But he grabbed her wrist and led her hand right back to his testicles, and she quickly understood that all he said was, "Yes!" 

He kissed her again, long and wild, hot and sweet. His tail and arm held and stroked her. Then, a short time later, Antonai seemed to have tired of her careful grip, because he took her hand away. He reared back onto his knees, his tail sliding away from her as if it didn't truly want to leave. 

Rellenora's hips were taken by his warm hands. As he carried her lower body up, Rellenora turned her head with slow blinking eyes. Her vision was hazy. 

A shadow ... a shadow of a man was kneeling behind one of the thin curtains. 

Her legs felt Antonai's back and shoulders. 

There was a strong pulsing between her thighs. If there had been more light, then Rellenora's husband would have been able to see her labia move with her muscles. But then ... he was able to feel those movements, because his mouth lowered. His lips kissed her. His tongue coated her. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh ... Ahh!!" Rellenora's hands sunk into the bed. She saw the shadow's arm move. Oh, was he touching himself?! 

Teeth! He was carefully, slowly, pulling at one lip with his teeth. Then the other. Then that robust tongue of his drew wet lines all around the vulva, through her pubic hair. 

Please ... please go to the clitoris ... please! 

Rellenora was so frenzied that she started caressing herself. Her abdomen, her ribs, breasts, nipples, even her throat, all were touched as she tried to find something to help ease her tension. 

Hmmmm ... tugging on her nipples ... did it help or make it worse? Both? 

Some of Antonai's fingers slipped down to her buttocks, pulling one of the soft globes away. 

Both, damn it, and she loved it! 

Please! Please! Please! 

Yes! 

He was where she wanted him to be, licking ... then sucking ... and Rellenora nearly lost her mind. In each space between her panting, there were little whines. 

Yes, yes! More, more, please! Faster! Faster!! 

Her feet thumped Antonai's back. Her convulsions hurt her belly, but the stabbing pleasure cloaked over and absorbed that pain. She was blind. 

Hot hands near her shoulders! Heat near her head! 

But ... Her lower body was still being held by her husband! 

Yban? 

Rellenora wasn't blind. She blinked and realized she had just been closing her eyes, as she often did in these sorts of conditions. 

Her eyes touched a shadowy face with an eye patch. Then her brain rebelled, refusing to let her recognize the face, as it always did. Rellenora chose to look at one of his arms. 

She heard Antonai's voice, then Yban's. 

Her backside was put down. 

Rellenora wasn't sure what to do. Was she meant to turn and kiss the newcomer? Was she meant to get on her hands and knees? Her legs itched to move, but before she could convince herself to do so, the men said a few more fast things and positioned her body for her. She was soon sitting on her haunches with her back against Antonai's chest and belly. His legs were spread out, knees bent. She could feel his erection against her backside. 

Yban practically crawled towards them, but before he did that he picked up a small box he had apparently put on the mattress. When he was close, he put the box aside, knelt before Rellenora, and gave a short bow, saying something to her. Then, as his back straightened, he waited for her to catch up. Antonai's tail moved around her waist. She put one of her hands on it, worrying the thing as her brain focused. 

"My lovely Empress is so beautiful. Would you let this humble citizen have the honor of undressing your hair, so you can rest easier?" 

Rellenora nodded and reached up to tug on some of her hair. Her coiffure was certainly ruined, but it was still in place. She sighed and let Yban put his hands to her head. She felt all his fingers on her cheeks, even the deformed ones. As Rellenora kept her eyes at Yban's throat, her scalp was soon very, very happy. The tightness on her head was gradually taken away. Her curls were allowed to rest over her shoulder. Pins and combs were thrown to a far edge of the bed. Antonai whispered something. 

Yban put his fingers through her hair, weaving yet untangling. Rellenora sighed and tried not to tremble. There wasn't any success there. Her body shook against her husband. She even made a few noises behind her teeth. 

"He arranged your curls so beautifully. Should he have a reward?" 

What kind of reward did Antonai have in mind?! 

Rellenora's shoulder jerked upwards once. 

Yban seemed to take that as a positive response, because he leaned in ... 

And he kissed her right on her mouth. 

Antonai was kissing her too, right on her throat, and he was a little sloppy. 

Fuzzy fireworks skated along her nerves, from her lips, to her chest, and down to the wet tunnel deep between her thighs. Two ... two mouths on her! Such overwhelming madness! 

But then there was one mouth, her husband's. 

Yban pulled away and he reached for that mysterious box. He flipped the lid up and took something from it. It looked small and stretchy. Rellenora watched him pull it over his rather stiff penis. 

Neat scripts rolled across her memories of medical texts. Condoms, they cover the glans and shaft or just the glans alone, often made of sheep intestines, linen, oiled silk paper, or even an animals' horns. There were probably other materials out there, but Rellenora forgot their names. They were mostly used to keep unwanted pregnancies from occurring, but some of them were effective enough to stop the spread of certain diseases. Rellenora imagined that Yban was very clean ... so ... he was putting it on because ... 

Antonai his his hands under her knees and pulled them up, leading her to bend them. Then he put one hand on her hip and the other on the middle of her back, under her hair. His tail unwrapped itself from her body. 

Oh ... right. 

Rellenora was beginning to think she was just slow in general, not just with oral communication. She nearly giggled at herself. 

Almost like hungry snakes, Yban's arms went around her, pulling her onto his lap. Antonai went with her, keeping her where she needed to be. 

Even though she was being so tenderly pressed and held, she was soon spread apart. 

It felt like ... well, not much different from whenever Antonai was inside, except maybe a little colder ... since there was a barrier ... 

But still ... her instincts told her to scream, and she did. 

She forgot that she had consented to this. She forgot that her husband had wanted this. She even forgot that she wasn't being hurt. Her brain was trying to reject the fact that a man, a man who wasn't her husband, was inside her! 

She would have kicked herself off, but Antonai held her legs down, and his tail went back to her, but it didn't go to her waist. The tip, that wild tip that was beginning to frustrate her sensibilities, it dived through her pubic hair and flourished around her clitoris. 

Her hands nearly slapped Yban's flesh as she gripped his shoulders. 

Thick ... turning less and less cold with each ... slow ... thrust ... piercing and digging ... her feet moved without her truly registering their existence, pushing herself up and down. Antonai grabbed her hips and assisted her while Yban, the crazed man, he put his fingers on her nipples and tweaked them fairly hard. His breath was fanning the top of her head, a harsh rhythm, a fast rhythm. 

Antonai ... was talking to her ... she couldn't ... couldn't focus well ... 

Slippery ... as if there was soap in her ... as if she was being cleaned, scrubbed, but what could possibly be washed away? 

Wait ... he said ... Antonai said ... 

"Your nipples are as hard as diamonds. They could cut glass." 

That made no sense to her, but his ardor inflamed her nonetheless. Her clitoris was still being squeezed by that tail. Her cunt was being tightly fucked. Her heart felt like it might break through her chest. Some of her hair flopped over her face. She didn't even care. 

Her back curved. Her feet burned. Everything was resonating with everything. She screamed out all the most disgraceful words she could think of. That didn't seem to bother the men at all. They went on, faster and faster. More pumping, more caressing. She was kissed on the mouth and kissed on the shoulder. 

And she stilled. 

Then she jerked and twitched. 

Lightning, all through her. 

And she crashed into a limp state. 

It didn't take long after that for Yban to be limp too, but not before banging into Rellenora a few more times and giving a painful exhale. 

*** 

Damn, oh damn, Rellenora had to be one of the most beautiful women in the world, had to be. Antonai knew that the moment when she came like a wild animal was so wonderful, so fanciful, and so thrilling that even though he couldn't see her face she was truly beautiful. 

While Yban left the bed so he could wash himself, Antonai held his wife close to his body, rubbing his tender erection against her backside. "Dearheart, are you alright?" He waited a few moments, his tail affectionately petting her waist, his hands stroking her thighs. 

Eventually, Rellenora gave a little, "Yes." But it sounded more like, "Yes?" There was a questioning tone there, but she still sounded like a little fairy, light and charming. 

He kissed her shoulder, and then her ear. "You've made me so hard, Dearheart. I might burst. Please help me." He hoped he didn't sound too rough. 

His hands took his wife's soft, pliant breasts. His cock throbbed as he felt her pert little nipples between his index and middle fingers. Rellenora yipped, panted, and writhed. Her backside ground into his cock so nicely. She said, "Yes." She didn't have that questioning tone anymore. 

Throwing patience away, Antonai nudged Rellenora down and rolled her over, putting her onto her back. He brushed her hair out from under her and kissed her while feeling the curves from her waist out to her hips. Those hips were just right, perfectly right in his opinion, for bearing children. 

She was kissing him too! How wonderful! 

He couldn't help it. He pulled his mouth off, got on his knees, gripped Rellenora's buttocks, and pressed right in, feeling the leftover moisture from that recent bit of fucking. It was so easy to go in, but it was still so tight that he could barely withstand it. He gritted his teeth. His tail jumped around as if it didn't know which way to go. He heard Rellenora exhale and hum as if she was receiving a comforting little massage. Her breasts bounced and rocked. 

What a good little girl! 

His fingers dug deeper in her buttocks. He felt a little bit of pale hair between the cheeks. It was only a little bit. He wasn't bothered by it. It was better than itchy stubble, at least. 

When his fingertips touched her tight little asshole, the poor woman's cunt spasmed and she gasped. Antonai gasped too. She felt so good on him. 

Someone grabbed his tail. 

His head turned. 

Oh, Yban. That's all. Only a smiling Yban with a spark in his eye. His fingernails ran over his tail so lightly, putting a shocking feeling up Antonai's spine and then down to his balls. Then there was a tugging at his head. Yban had put two fingers around one of Antonai's horns and brought his face closer. 

He smelled like every comfortable thing he could think of. 

A kiss, a long kiss, a kiss with large tongues and grunting. Antonai loved it, thrusting harder and harder into the lovely woman beneath him, making her squeal each time. 

Holy ...!! 

Yban had his testicles, petting, and even tugging a bit, damn! Damn it! All Antonai could think of was ramming himself in harder, faster, while the intensity flowed down to his blood-filled glans. He wanted to curse, but Yban had his tongue trapped.  
