 Author's Note: I've decided this story will have some mild voyeurism in it. I thought I should warn the reader beforehand in case one doesn't enjoy such things. 

****** 

When her menstruation cycle came, Rellenora was pleased for once. She didn't have to receive any visitors at all if she didn't want to. All she had to do was sit around and drink all the hot tea she wanted, but she didn't do that ... too often. 

One day, Rellenora was asked to do something more important. 

The Emperor ... Antonai ... had a few more written requests to deal with than normal. He gathered the least serious requests and sent them to his wife to deal with. He'd look over the decrees later, just in case, but he was more than willing to have her actually make decisions! 

Responsibilities!! Rellenora had responsibilities for once in her life! She had to do something other than keep herself away from her family! 

It was a dreadful, dodgy feeling, this state of knowing that ones judgment was so important. What if she did something wrong? What if someone died because of her? What if she ended up starting a damn war?! 

After reading the first document sent to her, Rellenora felt slightly less afraid. She didn't have to decide which starving group of peasants get food, or something as heartbreaking as that. 

Rellenora had two separate budgets, two sums of money allowed to her each month. The first sum was a personal allowance, called the Amusement Allowance. It was set aside for Rellenora to buy whatever her heart desired, from jewelry, to food that wasn't available in the kitchens, or even a new variety of rouge she might order from a traveling merchant. The second sum was a business allowance, called the Decree Allowance. This money was for important things, for example, if someone requested funding for a long voyage around the world to discover new lands in the name of the Royal Family, then the money would be taken from the Decree Allowance. 

Keeping all of this important information in her thoughts, Rellenora had to keep an abacus handy and make a few notes as she decided whether or not to spend money. First, someone was requesting funding for a new orphanage to be built in the capital. Normally, orphanages were either private establishments or sections of large temples, but the person who had written this request had an idea for a government owned version. There was even a rough quote for the expenses required each month. It seemed like a harmless idea. Rellenora wrote her approval on a separate sheet of paper. Then she put melted wax on it and sunk her golden seal into the wax. 

Second, a merchant wanted to come for a visit to show off all his finery to sell to everyone. According to what Rellenora had been told, he was a regular at the complex, one of many. It seemed that no matter how well established a merchant was, each time he wanted to visit a written request had to be approved of. Well, he had visited before and there didn't seem to be any problems. Rellenora approved of his visit. 

The third, fourth, and fifth requests were similar. They were merchants' petitions to come to the Royal Palace and sell their pretty things. No problems there. Rellenora approved. The sixth request from a soldier. He wanted to marry one of the maids and take her to the capital so they could find new employment there. That was charming. Rellenora approved of that. 

There weren't anymore requests. Rellenora had all this paperwork sent to her husband. Then she sighed and left her office. 

With a cooling cup of tea in her hand and three ladies-in-waiting following her, Rellenora wandered around the halls of the White Jade Palace. She knew she'd never memorize the building's layout. 

She happened to find the lovely pink and green room with the white statues, the one that her husband ... Antonai ... had taken her to. 

She sat on a chair and looked out one of the elaborate windows. Her tea cup was halfway empty and cold. The ladies-in-waiting sat down too. 

The sky was turning a little gray. Rellenora reached to open the window. A lady-in-waiting beat her to it. 

The air smelled like a comfortable walk. 

The clouds were heavy, rumbling. Wind came. Rain came. 

Rellenora took the rest of her tea within a few gulps. 

A room already filled with interesting memories ... and she wanted to look at the weather. But, after a moment of feeling the air, Rellenora's eyes rolled over to a certain couch, and she blushed. 

*** 

The last day of her menstruation cycle had passed, and on this breezy morning, Rellenora wanted to go see Noffnoff. She brought four ladies-in-waiting to accompany her as she left the White Jade Palace. Not even a minute after she stepped out of the building, Galton appeared from somewhere, his long legs making Rellenora think of a fast spider crawling up a wall. 

He didn't stop to kneel and give the polite greeting. 

He just stopped in his tracks and started talking to her. 

Rellenora kept walking. Her ladies-in-waiting followed. 

Galton's tone became urgent and fiery. He was offended. He tried to follow his little sister, his voice growing louder and louder. 

Rellenora cringed at every sound he made. 

She heard the women's dismayed voices. They were probably amazed and afraid. This man didn't kneel to the Empress, and he was talking to her like she was beneath him. His blood relation made nothing about his actions acceptable, at least not according to Zenthian etiquette. 

As the women walked on, the foreign prince nagging and fussing at the Empress, Rellenora began to understand some of his sentences. 

"What have you been doing?! This is a time to strengthen familial bonds, and you've been refusing me?! The least you could do is tell that husband of yours to listen to me! What?! Are you honestly too stupid for that?! You're not too stupid to uncross your thighs for him, aren't you?!" 

That last ... statement ... had the ladies-in-waiting gasping into their soft hands. 

Rellenora rose a hand ... 

And she almost ... 

Called the guards ... 

But that wasn't fair! She didn't want to be the Empress! 

A new woman's voice called out. 

Rellenora saw Princess Lagath and two of her ladies-in-waiting marching towards the scene. She, and her ladies, all knelt down and gave the greeting. Then they got back up, all while Prince Galton was still harping as if nothing had changed. 

One of Lagath's golden rings shined as she reached out, and then she grabbed a large section of Galton's tunic, dragging him by his arm to her. 

And she yelled at him. 

Afraid of a fight starting, Rellenora waved at the guards and cried out, "Guards! Guards!" A large group of armored men came and stood by. Lagath released the fidgeting Galton, who took a few steps back and coughed. Rellenora scribbled on her slate, "Prince Galton is very stressed. He needs to rest. Please escort him to his residence, and don't let him leave the building for at least six hours, unless the Emperor disagrees with my demand, of course." 

Her brother spat out something that sounded like a barefoot dragging across little bits of broken glass. The guards walked him away from the women. 

Rellenora bowed to Princess Lagath and walked on, not wanting to miss any more precious piggy play time. 

*** 

Noffnoff had satisfied Rellenora's need for play. She was such a darling, pink little piggy. Even the ladies-in-waiting found some joy in petting the piglet's soft ears and rubbing her belly. Soon, though, Noffnoff needed a nap. 

A lady-in-waiting opened the exit door, and within a second the Emperor himself stepped into view. All the ladies-in-waiting knelt and gave the greeting. Rellenora didn't have to kneel. 

The Emperor ... 

Antonai ... 

He asked all the ladies-in-waiting to leave without their mistress. Then, as the women left, he stepped to his wife and took up one of her hands. 

He had a new perfume. Pine needles and charcoal. 

He was an example of casual strength, a white wild cat that had recently eaten, leisurely stalking to the nearest watering hole. His fine shirt was mahogany with fawn colored strips on the sleeves and collar, imitating a robe. His trousers matched. His shoes were plain but well made. 

He said something. 

Rellenora felt his lips on her fingers. 

Then he carefully pulled on her, taking her out of the piglet's room. 

A few steps down the hallway, and Rellenora knew what Antonai had said. "I missed you. Come." 

Where was he taking her? 

Why did her body ache with something nearly painful yet exciting? 

The next room they walked into was small and dim with a single, stained glass window that had geometric patterns. Daylight shot colorful lights onto the floor. 

Antonai closed the door and put her on a tall ebony chair with a soft cushion tied to the seat. 

His hands went to her throat. He bent over her. 

Rellenora closed her eyes. 

A kiss, a deep kiss, a kiss that had her thoughts sinking into nothing. 

Her arms wrapped around themselves, right over her bosom. 

But ... he slid his fingernails down her throat, to her shoulders, and then to her arms. He forced them to the armrests. Then those smooth, hard nails slipped under her robe's collar, under the under-dress. 

Pinching, flicking, right on her nipples! Hot and sharp! And for some reason, it made her hands grip the armrests and her clitoris twinge. 

His lips slid down her chin, then to her neck. 

Her breath was loud and cold. 

A single, wet, rough lap on her throat. 

"Antonai!" 

He kissed her jawline. Then he whispered something in her ear as he put slightly harsher compression on her nipples. 

What was that?! What did he say?! She hated her brain, hated it! Why couldn't she understand him?! Why did she have to be born an idiot?! 

His hands rose, leaving her nipples sore and needy. 

She heard him getting down. She opened her eyes and looked down. 

Despite the dim air, the top of his head was shiny. His curled horns looked like real silver. His black hair, kept in a braided bun a bit low on his head, was gleaming. The small, golden headdress on top, designed to be a standing hand shaped leaf, was just as lovely. 

He was kneeling. 

Where were his hands?! 

They were on her white skirt! Pushing it, along with her under-dress, up her legs! 

Rellenora hoped she was infertile, because she didn't think she could rightly tell him to stop. 

And buried inside her heart, there was the feeling that she didn't want to tell him to stop, but she probably wouldn't admit that to herself, let alone anyone else. 

He pulled her robe's trailing bottom out of the way. 

If he wanted access to her privates, then why didn't he get up? Why was he on his knees? 

When she saw a nose her brain flashed and she was too afraid to keep looking. She shut her eyes again. Then the vision disappeared from her memory. She forgot what the nose looked like. Her head turned to one side. 

He pulled her legs apart. His heat went between them. 

Breath ... moist ... hot ... rugged ... right there, right at her ... 

Rellenora swallowed down her voice. Her toes bent down. She scratched at the chair's armrests. Thankfully, there was some cushioning there, so she didn't chip her nails. 

He was licking her labia open! 

Then ... the tip of that wicked tongue was swirling around her clitoris, and it felt like nothing else but that moment existed. Tight and electric, saturated in perception. Wonder. Madness. Need. 

Her whole body was moving with her breath. 

Antonai had said ... back when he was touching her nipples ... he had said with that sandpaper-like whisper, "I want your flavor. I want you in my mouth." 

She was engulfed! Her clitoris was engulfed! His lips were around that sensitive nub! 

Sucking. 

Gently ... 

Then harder ... 

He was humming ... 

Rellenora's hands went to her mouth, muffling the hollering she wanted to set loose. Her hips rocked. Her head tilted back. 

Yes ... yes ... yes, yes, yes, yes!! 

This was a great thing, the best thing! 

She was seeing so many colors at once. 

Her throat was exploding. That's what it felt like when she screamed hard into her palms. 

Then she was limp, whining, as she felt Antonai's mouth leave her. 

Through barely open eyelids, she happened to look at the exit door. 

That door was open. 

A man was there, holding a tray loaded with sweets with one hand, as if he had been looking for them and had wanted to share the snack. That hand of his was tanned, and two of the fingers were missing their tips. 

She squealed. Her hands went between her thighs. 

Prince Yban! Prince Yban had seen them! How long did he stand there ... watching?! 

Quietly, Prince Yban put the tray of sweets on a table. Then he left the room, softly closing the door behind him. 

As for Antonai ... Rellenora didn't think he had noticed. He stood up and tore his trousers down. He was already hard. Rellenora could see a vein. 

He growled down at her. Then he reached for her waist. The pressure almost hurt. 

Up! Rellenora was lifted up! A bit concerned about falling, she put her arms around him. Pine needles and charcoal. The scent was cozy. It made her think of good food. 

Right at a wall, that's where her husband took her, holding her up by her backside, pressing her back into the paneling. 

And she was penetrated again. 

Her legs wrapped around him. Her teeth clenched together. Her eyes closed again. 

And she didn't know why ... didn't know why ... but she said a vulgar word over and over and over. 

Fuck ... 

Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!! 

That only made him thrust harder, which only made it better. Her flesh wept around him, soaking him, holding him. 

Fuck! 

Then every stroke inside sent all of the shaft, all of it, putting cracks in Rellenora's mind. As if there was little air, she gasped and struggled. 

Then she roared. 

He roared too. 

After he shot himself into her, when he was turning limp, sliding down and taking her with him, his tail curled around her waist. They stayed on the floor for a few moments, barely connected as he softened and retreated from her oozing core. Then, Antonai got up, pulling her up too. They needed to clean up. 

Some minutes later, they sat down together on a small couch, in a bright room that had a musician playing a light tune with a zither. For a sense of intimacy, The zither player was sitting behind a room divider of thin paper. His shadow had Rellenora thinking of a paper puppet. 

Close by, on a little table, the tray of sweets Prince Yban lad left behind sat for their pleasure. Antonai had taken the tray with a soft laugh on the way out of the dim room with the geometric stained glass window. What exactly had been so funny wasn't clear to Rellenora. 

She was leaning against him, one of her hands on his chest, watching his arm stretch out to take a sweet. They were little green, gelatin cubes, flavored with a little sugar, with dried bits of fruit in the center. For once, Rellenora actually wanted to eat, but her pride told her no. Those were gifts given at an awkward, uncertain moment, a moment when she should have had privacy but didn't. 

Did she ... did she dislike that prince? 

She didn't exactly know how to define her feelings. 

Antonai had offered a sweet to her several, several times, but she had always shaken her head. As she watched the amount of sweets decrease over time, she began to regret her decision. Her eyes were glued to the tray. She was counting the number left each time a piece was taken. 

With an impatient hiss, Antonai picked up a sweet and held it close to her mouth. Then he said something. 

Rellenora blinked at the shiny, yummy smelling confection. 

She imagined Prince Yban's laughter directed at her. 

Tightening her fingers, she pouted a little. 

"Take a piece." 

Ah, so that's what he said. 

She opened her mouth. He put the gelatin on her tongue. As she chewed, she thought that she was being treated like a baby. 

Another cube was held to her lips. Rellenora swallowed and accepted the next bit of food. 

This ... wasn't so bad after all, even if she did feel like a baby ... at least there was the feeling of ... being ... cared for? 

No ... that made sense. He thought he was going to have children with her, and if things went the way he wanted, her children would be the heirs to the whole empire. Looking after her was in his best interests. It wasn't as if he had any true affection for her. He'd be foolish to have any since it was obvious that Rellenora was in Zenthia for political reasons. She never said she loved him, never opened her heart to him. In that way, at least, she wasn't deceiving him. 

In that way ... 

She wasn't deceiving him about that ... not about love. 

Another candy was put in her mouth. 

He patted her head. 

Sickening, weakening guilt was boiling in her heart. Swallowing this next sweet was a little more difficult than expected. 

What she was planning to do ... it was ... well, it was the best thing to do, even though it was horrible. Rellenora was too stupid and too weak to be this man's Empress. So, in two years time, Rellenora would make damn sure she didn't have his child. Galton would be married by then. He was betrothed to a duke's daughter, and he needed to fulfill his duty by moving into that duke's castle and plowing that woman. So, Rellenora's life would only improve when she returned home. 

Antonai put another sweet into her mouth. Then his fingers ran up and down her neck. He whispered something into her ear. 

Rellenora wondered about the weather, of all things. It would turn cool soon. She'd have to wear her robes in the traditional way, covering her shoulders, bosom, and legs. She'd also have to take a few extra silk robes onto her form to protect herself. Fortunately, such a luxurious and lightweight fabric was easily available to her. 

"Rellenora, are you angry at my dear friend, Prince Yban?" 

Her eyes bulged. 

He whispered something else. 

Rellenora lowered her hand. When a sweet was offered to her, she shook her head, rubbing her cheek against his clothing. She closed her eyes and concentrated, trying her best to understand. 

"If any other person, especially a man, had come in and looked at you in that way, I'd be angry." 

So, he wasn't angry? 

Rellenora laced her fingers against her lap. There was another whisper. Rellenora felt Antonai rub his hand down her arm. Even through her clothing, she felt the warm pressure. Then he went down to pull her hands apart. His palm covered the back of one hand. His fingers went between hers. 

"He's a good man. He'd never hurt you." 

Then, another whisper. 

Antonai's other hand moved up to settle under her jaw and chin. Her head was tilted up. Behind her closed eyelids, Rellenora's eyes darted around. 

She smelled and felt his lips. Then she tasted his tongue. 

"I've seen his work. He'd please your body well if given the chance." 

What was wrong with this man?! 

Rellenora squirmed, but his fingers curled at her throat, his fingernails touching her fragile skin. Reminded of a tiger's claws, Rellenora took a frightened breath through her nose. 

No, no! He wouldn't hurt her, would he? 

But he was insane enough to imply that he had seen Prince Yban ... with someone else ... and he wouldn't mind if ... 

His tongue licked at the roof of her mouth as it left. His mouth made a smacking noise as he ended the kiss. Another whisper, another frustrating whisper brushing over her lips. Then a new kiss, a tighter one. Rellenora's body was limp against him. It was like he was drawing the life out of her. 

What ... did ... he ... say? 

Her nipples were like pebbles. Her womanhood was pulsing with the recent memory of his tongue on her. 
