 "Wow," Mara said, for the thirtieth time in a row. It was the only thing she said since they had left the restaurant where Jamie had told her the truth about his former harem of slaves and all of his dealings with magic. He had expected her to react that way. His tale was fantastical and shocking, after all. "I mean, wow!" The only thing he held back was the fact that he had some small amount of Force ability. It just felt wrong for him to reveal his last ace in the hole, even to a proven friend like Mara. The world was just too dangerous, in his estimation.

Jamie nodded, glad for the small addition to her vocabulary. He sensed she was finishing processing everything he had told her. He calmly waited and kept slowly walking her to her dormitory. Drunken youths stumbled across their path, every now and then, since it was late in the evening. The freezing, winter air had snapped Mara out of her initial shock at hearing Jamie's tale and he could sense she was slowly coming to a decision on what she was going to think of it all. Jamie checked his phone's navigation app and saw that they were now just minutes away from the dorm.

"I had thought," she said and paused. "I thought you guys had a kinky but consensual thing going on. I really did."

Jamie shrugged. "It was never consensual," he said. "I wish it had been, that would have been something, but it wasn't. It was what I just told you." He sensed her fixate on an erotic image of herself on her knees, presenting her breasts with her hands and him standing over her and spraying her with his seed. He nodded to himself, slightly bemused. Apparently, Mara decided he wasn't all that bad. Some part of what he had done to his girls appealed to her.

"Look," she said and then searched for words. "This was all very... shocking to hear. I think I need some more time to think about it all."

Jamie nodded. "I understand. You take all the time you need. I'd like to see you again tomorrow, though." He needed to find out what kind of trouble she was in and help her get out of it before he left.

They rounded a corner and Mara said, "This is my dorm."

It was an old building that had obviously been recently restored to its former glory. Its outer walls were covered in white marble and reliefs that depicted long dead people, mostly fighting battles. "Wow," Jamie said, prompting Mara's giggle.

"Yeah, don't worry," she said. "It's modern on the inside. Come on! I'll show you!" She took him by the hand and started to pull him towards the side of the building. "We need to go in through the side entrance. The front doors are locked this late at night."

The more she pulled him towards the door, the more Jamie hesitated. He couldn't sense the mind of anyone inside the building. He could see lights on inside and shadows moving across some of the upstairs windows, indicating there were people in there, but he couldn't sense anyone's mind. He didn't think the magical privacy screen over the building was benevolent, not even for a second. His experiences with magic taught him that privacy shields meant something bad was afoot. The source of Mara's trouble was most probably inside the dorm itself, concealed by magic.

Mara practically dragged him to the side door. "Come on," she urged. She knocked twice on the door and it opened. She stepped inside and her mind vanished from Jamie's radar. He stepped into the dimly lit corridor right behind her and his Jedi senses were immediately overwhelmed by all the minds in the building and the lust that was consuming them. In the split second he had lost Mara's mind from view, it had transformed into an entity of pure, carnal lust, reminding him of Laura and Alessandra under the effects of her magical lubricant. Except that this was a different feeling. When Laura and Alessandra had been under its effects, their minds were overwhelmed by it, but present in the background. Mara's mind was not. She was an empty vessel for all the lust that now filled her. Jamie retreated into his calm center and pulled the rug out from under his fear that she had been permanently transformed.

A stone-faced goon, that looked to be almost seven feet tall and had muscles that dwarfed Jamie's, put a hand on his chest, stopping him dead in his tracks. "You're late," another goon said to Mara. Mara giggled and ran off deeper into the building. Jamie almost sighed in relief. He could sense the goons' minds and he picked up on the fact that whatever had been done to Mara just now, had been done to her many times already and had left no permanent effect. As relieved as he was for Mara's well-being, he was worried for his. The goons' minds were completely obsessed with the idea of obedience to the rules, whatever those were. Jamie felt certain that he couldn't pull a mind trick on either of them, no matter how hard he tried, or how slickly he worded it. He didn't want to fight the goons since his telekinesis would be next to useless in the close quarters of the hall. He'd slam a goon against the wall only for the goon to reach out and punch his lights out. Mara was well within their reach, too. If he made a tussle right now, she might get hurt.

The goon that stopped him gestured with one of his huge arms to the first door in the hallway that the other goon opened. Jamie cast one last look at Mara as she ran around the corner, consumed with lustful excitement, and then he entered the indicated room. The goons closed the door behind him and he was left alone in what looked to be an office. He sensed one of the goons standing guard right outside the door. He wasn't going anywhere. Jamie took the opportunity to reach out and probe the minds of anyone inside the building that could give him any kind of information.

He couldn't count the number of young girls in the dorm since each one had the exact same blank mind, filled with lust and knowing only the desire to please. Jamie got no info from them. He sensed men, other than the goons, in the building and focused on those. There were a few dozen rich guys in the dorm and they were having wild sex with whatever girl they wanted. He quickly gained an understanding of what was going on. The whole dorm had been magically transformed into a top notch brothel that charged an arm and a leg to its patrons, but delivered the greatest sex of their lives. Jamie could sense all the patrons were utterly smitten with the total lack of acting and inhibitions in the many spectacularly beautiful girls they had at their disposal for the whole night.

His fists tightened as he realized Mara had probably been violated and prostituted ever since the first day she had come here. He had first sensed the vague feeling of foreboding that ultimately led him to her, about the same time she had come to Florence. He subdued his anger and focused on a strange mind that was coming his way. She was a woman and she still had her own mind, unaffected by lust. He sensed her thinking about him and wondering who he was. He realized she was the madam of this supernatural brothel and he wasn't on the guest list that she had personally put together. Her mind was strong, but secretive, and he could glean only the minimal of specific information from it. What he did read from her with certainty was that she had no compunction about having her goons throttle him to death and then dig up an old grave in the cemetery to dump his body in. Jamie summoned all his emotions to him to power his telepathy and put his game face on.

He had no idea how the spell that took Mara's mind worked and how he was supposed to end it safely. He guessed it might stop working on her just as it started, by crossing the threshold. The very act of doing so was probably a trigger for a bunch of charms already in place in the mind of every girl that was staying in the dorm. He decided to try and talk his way past the madam and explore the dorm until he found Mara and could safely sneak her out the doors. If he couldn't talk his way into the dorm proper, he'd just have to telekinetically fight his way in. That wasn't a prospect he was looking forward to. When he sensed two more goons following the madam, he decided that fighting was definitely plan B.

The door to the office opened wide and two different goons from the ones that had intercepted him squeezed themselves into the room to brush the ceiling with their short, spiky hair. Jamie gave them a look. Each wore a formal black suit that looked like it could serve as a tent for a family of five in the event of an emergency. He could sense they were wearing guns in shoulder holsters. The madam entered the room and stood between them.

Jamie's jaw nearly dropped at the sight of her. She was tall and had a curvy, hourglass shape that was lewdly displayed in her brief, black outfit. She wore a corset that cinched her waist and pushed up her ample bosom, only barely covering her nipples. From the corset hung straps for her sheer stockings and the straps framed her lacy thong, like it was a bull's-eye. Her dark brown hair was cut into a pageboy haircut and her pretty, narrow face was decorated by a playful grin of her red lips.

"Good evening," she said, speaking Italian in a silken voice.

Jamie kept a stony expression on his face and let some boredom and annoyance creep into his voice as he said, "Good evening."

"And you are," she said.

Jamie pulled a platinum card out of his pocket and said, "Interested to see if this place is as good as its reputation."

For a timeless moment, the woman just regarded him coldly. Then she smiled and said, "It is actually much better. Words cannot describe it. You shall soon see for yourself." She gestured with her hand and one of the goons took the card from Jamie's hand and pulled a wireless swiper from his own jacket pocket. He put the card through the reader and waited for it to clear.

"How did you hear of my little establishment," she asked Jamie.

"From a business associate," he said.

"And what is your business," she asked.

"None of yours," Jamie replied, somewhat harshly. "I have been assured of the utmost discretion. If that is not true, than I'm-"

"No, no, no," she said, raising her hands in a placating gesture. "We do not ask questions here. We merely fulfill dreams and fantasies." The swiper beeped and the goon showed its small screen to the madam. "You are most welcome to partake of all we have on offer..." She paused and looked at the device. Jamie had given them a card that was attached to a numbered account and bore no name on it. "Sir. All the girls are guaranteed to be disease free so you are free to shoot your load anywhere. No girl is going to get pregnant with your seed, that I promise you. You can order each and every girl to bring you anything you want. We have a very popular and well stocked BDSM dungeon in the basement, if you're interested in it." The other goon opened the door. The madam gestured at it. "Please, enjoy!" As Jamie tried to walk past her, she put a hand to his chest and stopped him, saying, "Oh, but do try to remember the one rule we have here. There are no rules. Everything you want, goes. With that in mind, if you kill any of the girls, we will be charging you extra for the loss."

Jamie nodded, concealing how sick hearing that made him feel, and went through the door to explore the brothel dorm. He could sense the woman lower her guard somewhat, now that he was no longer in front of her. She was still suspicious of him, but not particularly so. She had a habit of paying special attention to every new client, both to identify potential security risks and to customize her offer for their greatest pleasure. He soon started to sense hidden cameras and microphones planted all throughout the dorm. He realized that he was going to have to play along and act the brothel patron.

He circulated the downstairs, witnessing one act of debauchery after another. The girls were young and beautiful, wearing either nothing at all or some transparent little nothing that only accentuated their nudity. The smell of sex was thick in the air, mixed with a faint aroma of incense. There was no sign of Mara downstairs and he couldn't make out her mind from all the other girls in the dorm. He suddenly sensed that the madam was paying him special attention. To the best of his ability to read her mind, she was in the basement and watching him on a monitor. He fought the urge to look right into the camera. He could sense her suspicion and he realized he needed to fuck some chick to keep his cover.

He moved over to where two cute, naked Asian chicks were eating each other out for the viewing pleasure of a fat, sweaty and exhausted old man. "Do you mind," Jamie asked politely.

The man just waved his hand and then shouted to a blonde that had walked into the room, wearing only high heels and a pair of handcuffs, "Get me a drink!" The blonde curtsied and left. 

Jamie put his hands on the backside of the Asian on top and she immediately responded, pulling her head out of the lower one's crotch and smiling at him. Jamie gestured at his crotch and she reached out to undo the zipper, barely taking her smiling eyes off of his. She reached in and fished out his cock. He was almost at full mast just from seeing all the wild fucking going around. When she gave him a few strokes, he became rock hard. The girl sucked his cock into her mouth and giggled in delight as she ran her tongue across his glans. Jamie sucked in a breath as the girl sucked him with incredible passion and skill. She took him all the way to the back of her throat, swallowing for his stimulation, she tickled his glans with impossibly perfect strokes of her tongue, she gently cradled his balls and ran a loving finger over his perineum. Jamie couldn't contain himself for long. Her ministrations made him forget all about his plight, Laura and Alessandra, his family, Mara, the madam and the goons and he shot his load down her eager throat, yelling unintelligibly as his whole body shook in pleasure.

As he came back to Earth, he realized the girl was still sucking him and he was not losing his boner. The other Asian cutie peeked out from behind her friend's ass and gave him a questioning look. He nodded for her to join in the fun and she slapped her companion's ass. The two delightfully cute and sexy Asians both knelt before Jamie and took turns worshipping his cock. He hadn't had it that good since he had lost his slave harem. The girls undid his pants and drew them down his legs, along with his underwear. He stood naked as two beautiful, young women sucked him off.

Jamie heard a grunt and looked over to the fat, old man. He grunted as he came in the mouth of the blonde that still wore handcuffs. The old man smiled a heavenly smile and then passed out. The blonde kept worshipping his cock, nonetheless. Jamie didn't have the time to be embarrassed as the Asians used both their dainty hands to stroke his shaft, tickle his balls and taint and even run a well lubed finger around and over his anus. Seeing that he didn't object to assplay, one of the girls scooted behind him and started to give him a rimjob, using her hands to tickle his taint and balls. The other focused solely on his shaft and Jamie was having trouble making coherent thoughts. Spurred on by their selfless ministrations, he shot his second load of the night and nearly collapsed in ecstatic exhaustion.

"Help me sit down," he ordered the girls. They did and he ordered them to bring him some refreshments. The Asians curtsied and rushed out of the room. Jamie heaved great big breaths and watched the ass of the blonde that was still kneeling before the sleeping man, licking away at his soft dick. Jamie fought against the sudden rush of tiredness and reminded himself that he was there on a mission. He regained his focus and sought out the madam's mind again. He could tell that she was still watching him closely, but she was splitting her attention between him and a few others.

The Asians rushed back, one carrying a tray with drinks and the other a tray with finger foods. Jamie took a big drink of water and sampled some of the food. The girls quietly offered to bring him anything he wants, but he just told them to sit next to him as he rested. They knelt at the sides of his chair and looked up at him in adoration. Jamie couldn't sense any remnant of their former selves in them. He had no idea who they were and what they came to study in Florence. He felt terribly guilty for abusing them just now and he firmly decided to free all the girls and end this witch madam's nefarious practice. He was going to toss off a heap of anonymous tips to the Carabinieri as soon as he got Mara out of there and hope they fixed things. In the meanwhile, he wanted to find Mara and keep her safe from all the other perverts in the dorm. The madam's words about charging extra for any girls killed were haunting him.

As soon as he got his strength back, he ordered the two girls to come along with him. He got up and resumed his search of the dorm. It was a messy chaos of flesh and fucking and people were changing locations at random, making it impossible for him to conduct a grid search. Finally, he said to his two Asian sidekicks, "Find me a full-bodied, pale skinned, raven-haired beauty with blue eyes. I want to fuck something like that next!" The girls nodded and rushed off to find his next fuck.

Their search was yielding results, but not the right one. The dorm had more than a dozen alabaster skinned, dark haired girls with light eyes, each more beautiful than the last. Most were skinnier than Mara and he dismissed them based on that criterion but, when he sensed the madam paying special attention to him again, he felt he had no choice but to fuck the next girl one of the Asians brought to him. Otherwise, the madam would definitely suspect him. 

He bent the big-breasted brunette over a desk in one of the dorm rooms and fucked her from behind. She squealed in genuine arousal and bucked back into him, impaling herself on his cock like it was her only purpose in life. As much as Jamie hated himself for raping the girl like that, he couldn't resist the shuddering grasp of her pussy as she came and squirted all over his balls. He came in her pussy and nearly passed out in pleasure. He barely had the strength to get to the bed and lie down. The girl followed him and licked her juices off his balls and shaft. Despite his best efforts, Jamie was overcome by weariness. He closed his eyes for just one second.

He was woken by one of the goons. "It is morning," the goon said. "Time to leave!" Jamie jumped up and got dressed, feeling like an idiot for having fallen asleep and not gotten Mara out of there. The goon escorted him to the side door. Jamie could sense that all the girls were still slaves to lust with no trace of their original personality. He allowed himself to be shown to the door and then walked out and hid behind a corner. The city was just waking up and dawn was breaking across the sky. Jamie stood still in his hiding place and watched the dorm.

During the next few minutes, several other clients emerged from the side door and parted ways amicably. As they walked away, Jamie probed their minds, but all he could get was their satisfaction at a night well spent and a small degree of sadness. He focused intently on them and got a sense that they were sad because the brothel would not be operable for a short while. They got in their waiting cars and were driven off, leaving Jamie to wonder why they had been told that the brothel would not be operable and he wasn't. Something bothered him. He decided to go back into the dorm and get Mara out. If a goon asked him, he'd just say he forgot something inside.

As he walked back towards the door, the magical privacy barrier faded away to reveal the presence of more than a hundred minds inside. None of the minds were consumed by lust. Each was different and more than most were asleep. The brothel was done for the night. Jamie didn't break stride and instead focused on picking out Mara's mind. Just as he got to the door, he sensed her. She was being led out the back door by a goon. Her mind was her own, but her will wasn't. Jamie's guts churned as he realized Mara was under the effects of charm magic. As quickly as her mind appeared on his mental radar, it vanished.
