 The day dawned with thick snow and the whole town was covered with a thick layer of white dust. The air was clear and fresh. As for the sun, it was too weak to make sleepy people get out of their beds. It was the same for Balok. He liked the snow and winter. The first day of winter came with a lot of snow. It always had a calming effect on him. Snow would make him think that not everything was black and dark. Like every other dark elf, Balok liked the winter because the sun was weak and he could get out. Dark elves, contrary of human thinking could get out of their under dark realm, and their eyes would not suffer a lot, if they used special magic spells or drink potions or, simply step by step get used to the sunlight. 

However none of that was necessary for the drow right now, because his eyes were set on the sleeping form beside him. Rose, beautiful Rose was sleeping peacefully. Her chest was rising and falling in a gentle rhythm. He smiled and smoothed her long dark hair. Last night was amazing. Of course she was afraid of him, I mean who would not?! But he convinced her that he meant no harm. Ah, Rose. 'How did she end up here in the brothel? Did her family abandon her? What happened to her to end here? Was she without money?'

Balok felt Rose move. Up until now she had her back turned to him. She turned toward him and moaned. She opened her beautiful green eyes and looked at him. 

"Good morning sir. Did you sleep well? " she asked still sleepy. "Well, yes I did. What about you Rose? " 

"Fine." She answered shortly. "Is this everything you desired? May I leave?" she asked, waiting for his response. 

"Yes, Rose it is what I wanted. Did you enjoy it? " he brushed his hand over her cheek. 

"Yes, sir."She got up and started to dress. Balok watch her a few moments, especially her curves. He wished he could take her again, but knew that he had business to do in the city. Plus he knew she was still tired. He would let her rest. He quickly got up and dressed himself. Before she could say anything he left the room. 

Madame Ruby was having breakfast when she heard the stranger walking down the stairs to the room they used as a kitchen. She greeted him. 

"Are you pleased sir?"

"Yes, very pleased. But I must ask one more favor from you. I want you to let Rose take a day off. She is still exhausted and I want her to rest well." 

"Such strange request from you stranger, but I could let her rest. So, where is the payment?" she was slightly taken back when she heard him say the request. 'Why would a customer want for some brothel girl to take a day off?', but she would not question anything as long a man has enough money to pay. 

"Take this." He tossed a heavy bag on the table. She took it and swung it. It was indubitably full with gold coins. "Here you have one hundred maldas (elven gold coins). I am sure that will be enough for dinner, bed and the girl." He said. 

"Oh my God. Yes sir! By all means yes! This will be more than enough. The girl is free the whole day to do as she pleases. You have my word." As she said it, they heard the movement and turned to see Rose standing a few feet away from them, watching. Madame Ruby observed the girl. She did look exhausted, but fine and not at all abused or beaten. 

"Madame, he..." Rose started to say, but the mistress silenced her. 

"It's alright Rose. He paid for everything. Do not worry!" she said. "Also you will have the whole day off to do whatever you want. Use it."

'A whole day off? But how? Why?' Rose looked at Balok. Although she could not see his face under the hood of his cloak, she was sure that he was smiling. 'Why would he do that?' He did not even know her, less love her. So why would he do something like this? But then again she was grateful to him. While watching her, the drow understood what she thought, understood her questions. She experienced a lot of things last night. Her fear because of her first customer, then her fear when she found out that he was a drow, then fear of the possible pain(he hoped that she felt only a little pain at the beginning) and finally the pleasure of two bodies connected together. That was the reason he decided to let her rest and collect herself. 

"Then I will be going. Maybe I will return some day." Balok said and exited the brothel. 

"And good luck with your traveling sir." Madame Ruby said and closed the door. She tossed the bag in her hands. "Indeed with your traveling."

++++++++++++++++++++++ 

Rose was lying on the bed in her room, the same room where she lost her innocence to the drow. She was thinking about him, his actions, behavior...everything. 'Why would he spend such an amount of money on her?' She did not even know how to please him, but obviously he enjoyed last night. But then again, 'Why was she so special to make him do such a thing?' 

For the first time in her life Rose felt cherished and protected. Yes, she was afraid of him, but that passed when he took her. As far as she could remember, the drow was the first person who acted nice towards her. Everybody she knew would beat, insult, and hurt her. That was the reason she was scared when someone would approach her. Her entire childhood passed in fear in the brothel. Years full of tears, fear and hard working. She did not know much about her origin. All she knew was that she grew up in the brothel. One of the prostitutes took care of her and raised her. 

'I wonder if death is a better solution for my life.' She thought. Some people can not change their life no matter how hard they try. The same thing applied to her. Pain, humiliation, and fear... that was the life of a prostitute and Rose did not want to live that way. Although the drow took her virginity and gave her pleasure, she doubted she could handle to let another man touch her. Suddenly she heard Madame Ruby and some male voice arguing. 

"I told you sir, she has a day off. The customer paid for her." Madame Ruby was trying to explain the situation.

"I do not care. You promised me that girl when I visited you last time. I want her, now!"

Their voices were so loud that Rose could hear them even through the thick wooden door. 'Were they talking about her?' she hoped that they did not. But her hopes were not answered when she heard a noise on the other side of her door. "Whore, open the door." She heard him but did not open. 

"Sir, she will not serve you today. I promised that she would rest today." Madame Ruby was losing her patience. She tried to push the man away from the door but failed. 

"Get your hands off me you witch! And you little slut, you better open the fucking door, fi you want to live."

Rose was frightened to death. She did not want to open the door. She remembered now. Last year Madame Ruby promised her to some nobleman back then, but the same year she could not keep the promise and pledged the nobleman that this year he would have her. No! Rose would not open the door. She would rather die. 'What could she do now? 'The door cracked and she backed off. The door finally opened and a tall man with gray hair, silver eyes and an evil smile entered the room. His appearance indicated a person who knew all about torture and sadism. Startled, Rose screamed before Madame Ruby could do anything.

+++++++++++++++++++ 

The fire was burning slowly. Balok was sitting near the fire, watching as the firewood went up in flames. He was tired after a long walk in the woods. He was sure he could reach his destination before dark, but like every dark elf, he was very sensitive to the sunlight.

It took a lot of energy and a great effort for the dark elves to stay in the blazing sun. And he was no exception. He would need a bigger amount of food - especially meat - to have enough energy to keep on going.

Suddenly his pointed ears picked up a faint sound. Something or someone was approaching him. Maybe an enemy? Was someone following him the whole time? He turned and saw a person, but could not see clearly who it was. He slowly stood up and took the knife from his belt. He did not plan to hurt the stranger, but had to be careful. Mostly the other races did not want to have anything to do with drows and there were even drow hunters who would hunt and kill the drows they were able to catch. 

The stranger was walking like he or she was in big hurry, or like running away from something or someone. Balok tensed, waiting with the knife ready to attack if needed. The person stopped for a moment and Balok knew that he was spotted. He tightened his grip on the knife, waiting for the stranger to move. And immediately the stranger ran in his direction. Then, all happened within a second. He grabbed the stranger and plunged him (or her) on the cold ground, holding the person down with one hand and putting the knife at its neck with the other hand. 

The stranger let out a painful moan. Balok froze. A woman? What would a woman be doing out in the woods in this weather? She did not move whatsoever. He relaxed his grip on her body, but he was still suspicious about her. His violet eyes were scanning her. 

"Kill me." She said. "You gave me pleasure, now give me freedom." 

The drow was confused. Pleasure? What kind of pleasure? When? Did he know her? He could not answer the questions he had. And yet he sensed that he somehow knew her. He lifted himself off her. "Show me your face!" he commanded. 

She did not hesitate. With her little hands she lifted the hood and the next second the drow dropped his knife on the ground. "Rose" he whispered. She was watching him still lying on the ground. Rose did not move, she only watched him. Balok was stunned from surprise. "What are you doing here Rose?"

"Lying" she simply said. He almost chuckled about her remark. 

"I mean what are you doing here in the woods. Its' really cold you know." And indeed it was cold. The drow noticed that her body was trembling. Maybe she had been trembling out of fear when he had attacked her, but now she surely was trembling from the cold. 

"Seeking freedom..." she whispered. Balok was still confused. "Kill me! Kill me and give me freedom". 

"Why do you want me to kill you, Rose?" 

She did not have time to answer him for she lost consciousness. The drow quickly lifted her from the ground. She was as light as a feather in his arms. He could see that she was wearing only a simple dress beneath her cloak. Surely she would not survive in the woods, wearing such clothes in wintertime. She would freeze to death in this weather. Suddenly he remembered. There was a place in the woods where he could take her, but he needed to hurry up.

+++++++++++++++++++ 

Rose slowly opened her eyes. The last thing she remembered was lying in the snow while the drow was standing over her with a knife in his hand and a surprised look on his dark handsome face. Where was she? Had he brought her to another place? Rose felt that her body was warm, a lot warmer than it was when she was out in the snow. She also felt a liquid thing was covering her, except her head. When she looked around carefully she found out that she was in some kind of pool 

"Thank Eilistraee that you're finally woken up! ". There was a deep and pleasant male voice. She looked up to see who it was, worrying who was near her, and her gaze met with a pair of violet eyes. It was the dark elf, the same one who took her virginity and attacked her in the woods. He was sitting by the pool and his legs were bare and were up to his knees in the water while his torso was used as a pillow for her head. 

"Where I am? How did I get here?" Rose felt she should be frightened or try to get away from him, but she was more relaxed than ever before in her whole life. 

"You were trembling from the cold and fainted. I brought you here to keep you warm. We are in a cave and this is a hot spring." 

"You... you have brought me here?? Thank you." 

"Why were you in the woods? You are not dressed properly." 

"I ran away. There was a big fire in the brothel. Everything was burning. Madame Ruby and the girls ran out of the building, so did I. They were screaming and calling for help. I did not wait and ran away. I know that they must have found out by now that I escaped and they will be looking for me. 

"Ran away? Why?"

"I...I wanted to be free. I only had this chance..." her voice broke and tears appeared in her eyes. Balok did not know what to do, but he knew that he did not want to see Rose crying. He bowed and wrapped his hands around her waist and held her. "I wanted to be free... free" she sobbed. 

"Calm down Rose, calm down. It´s alright. You are free." He tried to calm her. 

"No. They will look for me and find me. Kill me. Please just kill me, sir." 

"No!" he made her look him in the eyes. "I only kill my enemy and you are not my enemy. You did not harm or insult me. I won´t kill you. 

"You do not understand, sir. I am the property of madame Ruby and I ran away. I am not free. The only way to be free is that madame Ruby sets me free or to get killed." 

Balok decided it was enough and kissed her passionately. At first Rose was startled but then she kissed him back. Their tongues were having a battle for domination while their arms were wrapped around their bodies. Rose slowly separated herself from him only to take his pants off, while he took his tunic off. His black member was erected and warm to the touch. He gasped as she wrapped her hand around him and started to massage him. Watching his face which was reflecting pure pleasure gave her courage to continue with her plan. She brought her mouth closer to him and took the tip in. 

She felt his hand in her hair, but other than that he did nothing. He simply let her do as she wanted. Feeling him pulse in both her hand and her mouth, Rose took more of him in the mouth. His moans were guiding her. Licking, biting and kissing, she brought him to the edge. As her tongue touched the tip, she felt him explode and tried to swallow everything, but coughed. She lifted her head to look at him.

He looked a bit tired, but satisfied. Using the hand which was already in her hair, the drow brought her close to him and kissed her.

"Thank you Rose."

"You are welcome sir." 

"Balok" he corrected her. "My name is Balok Philion."