 "Rose, it's alright. No one is going to hurt you." Balok was trying to calm her. She was trembling like mouse. No wonder she was afraid of men. He recalled her scared expression when they first met and let sigh. Balok wanted to see her happy expression, wanted to see her happy and safe. 

"No it won't. When we apart I will once again have miserable life. They will find out that I am prostitute, they will hurt me. I would rather die than live like prostitute." she sobbed. "I just want to have a normal life. Is it too much to ask?"

"No. Of course not! Every living being wants that. I promised to protect you and I will." It seemed that Rose calmed a bit. 

He was more than glad because of that. It also worried him that he almost revealed his dark side. Well, being a dark elf, it was quite normal for him to be dangerous and intimidating to the enemy, but Balok did not want to lose Rose's trust and for her to be afraid of him. 

The situation was being pretty ironic, she should be afraid of him and run for her life. Instead she was comfortable in his presence and never thought about leaving his side. Not until she said that they would move apart. Yes, Rose trusted him, but Balok somehow wished for a moment that it was different.

"Rose, I have to take bath, don't worry. I am not going nowhere." Rose nodded and let him go. Taking opportunity that water was still warm and was not dirty, the dark elf took off his cloth. 

Rose sat on the bed watching with amazement how water drops were licking his night, muscular body. He was so handsome. It was no surprise she wished to kiss, hug and touch him. He was like sweet poison, just asking to be drunk. He saw her expression of desire and quickly sat up from bath. Balok took a few steps forward and in moment he was on the edge of the bed.

"Balok what..." she tried to say something, but his sensual lips blocked her. He leaned toward her, never stopping the kiss. She was surprised by his action, but not scared. Her white hands came around his torso. Rose didn't care her cloth got wet because the drow did not dry himself. She only wanted to be naked like him. 

"My dear, I think I know the cure for your fear. It's black, very hard and powerful."

Rose blushed a little and smiled. She reached and grabbed his 'cure' stroking him slowly. The drow moaned and hungrily attacked her breasts through her cloth. 

"Take it off. Take my cloth off." Oh, she did not want to wait. Balok could not agree more. In one movement he took her torn cloth off. He would buy her new cloth anyway if needed. 

"Hello ladies, did you miss me?" he asked before he took one nipple in his mouth while teasing other with his fingers. Rose arched her back and let a moan. Oh this was music for his ears. His other hand travelled down. Her eyes went wide. Balok found her treasure and was fingering with passion.

"Balok...I need you." She stroked him faster and he though that he would finish before her and he did not liked that idea. He captured her hand on his member, blocking her. Rose looked at him.

"I want you Rose. I want for us both to see stars." His voice was deep and filled with passion. Rose let go of him and kissed his nipple. He parted her legs and, while looking her in the eyes he went into her. 

They both moaned. This was different than her first time, but it was non the less pleasurable. In one moment Balok went out of her the moment she came and painted her belly with his liquit of life. Both tired, they fall asleep very quickly.

Once again Balok managed to control himself. Although Rose said she would be anything he wished, that didn't mean that he would make her pregnant. He cared for her, but his feelings for Rose was not deep and he would not allow for his child to be a bastard. 

It was similar to self insult for drow to make woman pregnant and leave her. No. He wanted to be with Rise and enjoy with her.

++++++++++++++++++

It was hard to find any track, any clue about Rose. He could feel her presence in burned logs covered with snow. For a while he was using his powers, his special abilities to at least find some track. Something which would indicate where she went. Now he was holding piece of wood. It had her smell...and a bit of her power. He had to hurry.

Silver hair man smirked. The smell indicated the direction. The girl went north. But that was not everything. He also smelled other's scent. It was scent of elf kind. That old bitch was right. He had some connection with elves. He was an elf. But the question was which kind of elf.

He surely could not walk in some elven place and kill someone, like he used to. The thing which worried him the most was the fact that elves could easily feel his presence since also was of magic kind. No. It was too risky. He had to make some plan how to get some information or find some clue. 

He was very powerful, but his power was his weakness in this kind of situation. Well at least he was sure that Rose went north. Soon little dove, soon and would take her power. The man smiled and continued his way.