 People believe that danger comes with the night. The darker the night the greater the risk. Especially since, during the nighttime, the dark creatures come to watch the humans. It was late autumn and a rainy night. The town was covered in shadow. The shadow...the eternal ally of the dark elves, or drows, as they call themselves. 

Only a few humans knew about them, but what they knew was that drows were merciless killers and great warriors. Drows were elves with black skin and white hair. Just as their cousins the light elves, drows had pointed ears and a long life span. In contrast to the light elves, they did practice more black magic than white magic.

A lonely figure covered with a long cloak was walking toward the town's gates. One of the guards woke up and saw him approaching.

"Hold right there! What business do you have, stranger? "He was ready to attack the stranger with his weapon if need be. The figure smirked.

"I am just looking for shelter. Will you let me in? " 

"Why should I?" The guard was still suspicious. Who would look for shelter at this time of night?

"I can pay you. I only want a place to stay and something to eat". He was waiting patiently for the guard to decide. He did not have to wait too long.

The doors opened with a long creaking noise, letting him enter. He tossed a small bag to the guard.

"There is no shelter at this time of the night, but maybe you can find something in the local brothel. I have heard that they recently got some new girls, all beautiful. You can check it yourself if you want." The guard said in a now more friendly tone. The figure only nodded. 

'Hm... the brothel. That sounded interesting.' he thought. After all, he was sick of the cruelty of the women he knew. All of them were the same and their main pleasure was torturing males and sometimes even females. Besides there was the fact that it was far too long since he felt a woman's touch on his body. 'Why not...' He surely had enough money to pay for a female, so he decided that he would let himself relax and enjoy.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Madame Ruby, a woman in her late forties but still in very god shape, was smoking a pipe. She would do that every time she was not pleased with something. Today the reason for her bad mood was the rain. The damned rain was falling almost continuously for a week now and that was bad for her business. Because of the weather almost nobody visited the brothel. Maybe it was a bad idea to buy new girls after all. 

Slaves were always expensive, especially young and beautiful girls. Because of the money she had spent on the girls, the whole brothel was almost out of the money. There were men who would come for pleasure and pay her, but itt was not enough to supply everybody in the brothel with food and other things.

There was a knock on the door. 'Oh, a customer! How wonderful!' she thought and hurried to the door to open it. There stood a tall figure covered with a cloak. She could not see his face, but judging by his body, it was a strong young man. For a second Madame Ruby wished that she could please this man herself.

"Good evening sir." She cheerfully addressed him.

"Good evening ma'am. I am looking for shelter and some food." His voice was deep and attractive.

"You chose a good place. Is there anything else that I can offer you?" she asked as he entered the brothel. 

"For now food and a room to stay will be enough. Thank you."

"If you wish anything...anything else I will gladly make your wish come true." She let him in, never taking her eyes off this dark stranger. Although he entered, he did not remove the hood of his cloak from his head. However, she could clearly see the rest of his body. He wore heavy boots, brown pants, and a long blue tunic. He wore brown gloves, which also he did not remove. He sat down at the table near the window and ordered food. 

Madame Ruby called her girls and they brought him the food and good alcoholic drink. Some of them were observing his body like Madame Ruby, some were wondering if he could pay them for the food and the drink, but most of them were slightly scared because of his covered face.

"Is he some kind of assassin?" one girl asked, watching him eat peacefully.

"He does not seem to be one", said another. "He is too calm to be an assassin."

"Are you sure? You never know and why is he hiding his face?"

"Girls, instead of talking, you could ask him if he wants some company." Madame Ruby was saying impatiently.

She needed money and was more than ready to do anything for him. The two prostitutes approached the stranger. He talked little, but was polite to them. They were lovable to him and after he finished his meal, the stranger asked for a girl.

"There are girls to suit all tastes... young, old, skillful, patient, impassioned..." Madame Ruby was enumerating the girls who were working in the brothel. The stranger was listening to her patiently.

"I want a girl who can massage and whose heart is pure, "he said. 

"I just know THE girl for you sir." Madame Ruby said. She turned to other girls.

"Do you plan to send HER? ", one asked. Madame Ruby stared at her.

"Yes, and you know that she cannot stay untouched forever. Now show him the room and send her to him. "Madame Ruby connected her palms. " The little dove will have work tonight."

+++++++++++++++++++

Balok was lying on the bed. The room was crimson red and there were many candles. He liked it. The bed was very comfortable and soft, the kind of bed you could easily fall asleep...after a pleasurable meeting. And she had yet to come. Balok prepared himself by taking his clothes off, leaving only his pants on.

He still worried about how she would react when she would finally see him. He was sure that she would be scared of him. But he promised to himself that he would assure her that he would not hurt or kill her. His sensitive ears detected a soft knock on the door.

"Come in.", he said. He watched as the door opened, revealing the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. She had long black hair, her skin was white as snow, and her eyes were green as grass. Her body was attractive and curvy. The girl was dressed in a long pink gown that showed the shape of her body.

"You asked for me sir..." Her voice was trembling... from fear? "I came here to..." she was cut off by his appearance. In front of her was lying the most fearsome creature, a drow. For a moment she wanted to run, but decided not to. Her mistress would torture her because of that.

"Do no be afraid. Come." his voice was gentle and calm. She made a step toward him. He sat up and extended a hand and she backed away out of fear. Balok did not move and waited for her to calm down. "Come." he said again.

The girl reluctantly took his black hand in hers. Although afraid, she was stunned by their skin contrast. She could feel the warmth of his hand and looked into his eyes. They were violet, deep violet like amethyst.

"What's your name?" he asked her, leading her to the bed.

"Rose, sir." Her heart was beating so fast it felt as if it would burst at any moment. Rose sat down on the bed. Balok watched her. He could have easily jumped on her to pin her to the bed, but he did not want to scare her further.

By law, he could do almost everything to her, as long he does not kill her. Every male, despite his race (elf, human, drow...) could do to a prostitute as he pleases, but it was strictly forbidden to kill a prostitute. A prostitute was neither private property nor a slave. A prostitute was the property of the brothel and only Madam Ruby had a right to decide her fate, not a customer.

"Rose... it's a beautiful human name." Balok smiled. Rose relaxed a little. Yes, he was a dark elf, but his gesture, his voice, and mostly his appearance attracted her to him. 'By God, he was handsome. Dark and handsome, like a sin.' "There is nothing to fear. I just want pleasure, and pleasure I will return."

"It's my duty to satisfy you sir." she whispered.

"You are still afraid. Why?" he thought that he had to do more to convince her that he meant no harm. However, he was not prepared for the words that came from her lips.

"I...You are my first customer." He stared at her. 'How could it be that he was her first customer?' Rose was a very beautiful girl. 'It seemed to be impossible that she did not have somebody before him.' "I was never taken before. You would be my first." her voice trembled.

"Virgin?! You are a virgin? ", he was more than surprised. Rose only nodded. Now he was going to laugh, she though. However, Rose did not expect him to smile. "Well, let's make your first time memorable." He gently drew her into his embrace and kissed her.

The kiss was gentle at first, then more deep and passionate. His lips, unlike his strong arms, were soft and not forceful. She tried to return the kiss in the same way, but, being never kissed before Rose failed. Her attempts of kissing did not match his skillful lips. Slowly he started to travel down her neck with his kisses.

Rose held her breath, as Balok found a sensitive spot on her neck and began to suck and nibble. Her hands went through his snow white hair. Balok smiled. That was a good sign...Rose was enjoying his kisses. His right hand traveled to the clasps on the back of her gown. Rose was wearing a gown with corset, so it took him a little longer to unbind the corset with one hand. Rose broke from the blissful trance in which she had fallen and helped him.

Like petals, the upper part of her gown fell down, revealing two soft hillocks crowned by pink rings.

He stopped kissing her to observe her body. Rose was confused. 'Why did he stop? Was she ugly to him? 'She tried to cover herself.

"No, stop. You are gorgeous." There was no command in his voice, only begging. His eyes were dark from desire and full of promises. He started again kissing her, while his hands began to explore her breasts. It did not take too long to drive her crazy and for her nipples to stiffen. Rose enjoyed his touch. She got an idea and took his tunic off. His chest was muscular and well defined. He had a large tattoo on his left arm in the shape of fire. Her hand traveled over his body and he moaned in delight.

"Please, let me see you." She managed to say.

Balok obeyed and sat up. He quickly took off his pants and showed her his male glory. She gasped. His body was magnificent, asking for kisses and touches. His manhood stood proud. He was big, but no monster. Rose did blush a little. Seeing her reaction, the dark elf smiled.

"Do not worry, I will be gentle. I promise."

He undressed her completely and now they both were as naked as on the day when they came into the world. He started to kiss and lick her breasts, earning cries of pleasure from her. His hand traveled to her hips and started to rub her womanhood. Rose could hardly bear this. The dark elf was good, very good at pleasuring a woman.

She did not expect him to be so patient, gentle, and passionate with her. She liked it. It seemed almost like he fell in love with her. She came quickly on his fingers. Balok brought the hand to his mouth and tasted her pleasure liquid.

"Mm. Rose, you taste good."

"Please sir. I want to taste you too."

"Not now, beauty. Right now I need you. I can not wait any longer." He slowly entered her, watching her face. At first her expression of surprise, then one of pain (he knew it hurt) and finally, an expression of pleasure. He waited for her to get adjusted to him. Rose indicated to him and Balok started to move back and forth.

Wave after wave of pleasure was going through her body. She never felt like this before. Rose certainly knew about sexual contact between man and woman, but seen from the perspective of a prostitute, she was frightened at the thought of this contact. She thought that she would never enjoy copulation, but only do her job. How wrong she was. Balok was a great lover and made her wanting him even more. Progressively he was speeding up his movements. They both were breathing hard. Her legs hugged him around his waist.

"I can not stand it anymore. I am so...close." She moaned.

"So am I."

Rose came shortly after the words left his mouth. Her body squeezed him and then she relaxed. Balok pulled out of her and came on her lower stomach. He could not make a mistake. Dark elves are very fertile and he did not want to cause her problems by impregnating her. Exhausted, he dropped beside her on the bed and they fell asleep.