 I pushed my long braid of deep-red hair back over my shoulder and left it to fall down the back of my forest-green linen-shirt. It nestled gently on my spine sitting comfortably between my shoulders. It's weight reassured me, it's constant companionship reminded me of my purpose in life, it was one of the few simple things I could truly trust to never change. The spring leaves of the forest that surrounded me changed. They crumpled and died from a beautiful golden colour to a withered brown. The animals changed too. The rabbit that bounded into the distance would change direction and I would lose sight of it before it completed it's lone journey amongst the towering oaks. But my hair was always there for me. I swept back. And it settled on my spine, simple but reassuring. 

I paused as a soft grunting echoed in the distance my cherry lips curled gently into a smile as I reached back with one slender hand and pulled my hood forward, covering my angled features and bright green eyes. Turning I clambered up one of the oaks with inhuman swiftness my fingers grasping onto cracks that we're invisible to the human eye and propelling myself upwards in silent leaps. As I sat amongst the highest branches I paused and waited for the beast to give it's position to me again. Several minutes passed and I began to worry that the beast may have moved on. But no. In the distance a noise so faint that even I almost missed it. I leapt from my branch my slender figure cutting through the air and landed on one foot in the next tree already putting the next foot forward. I traversed three more trees in eerie silence and then paused again. Sure enough the beast was grunting loudly now. I frowned, it must have found some prey to be making so much noise. Well that would make the kill all the easier for me.

I moved silently between the next trees moving slowly, aware that my quarry had hearing just as acute as mine. At last the sound was below me, I didn't look yet knowing that as soon as I did, my presence would be revealed. Gently I began to descend from my tree, my bare feet slid noiselessly along the rough bark my hands moving over each other methodically. I stopped halfway down, I was so close now that I could hear it's prey gently squealing in pain. Good he was still not done with his catch. I reached behind me and slid my already strung bow over my shoulder, it's smooth wooden shape comforting in the palm of my hand. The grunting noise increased and I reached back for an arrow drawing it quietly from my deer-skin quiver. I prepared to pull back and waited for the oncoming roar of ecstasy as he finished with his prey. His grunting formed into a loud howling snarl, it's intensity washed over my sensitive ears and I looked down to the ground at the same time as I drew back on my bowstring pointing towards my victim. 

Below me a huge Werewolf was depositing his load into his female victims womb. She squirmed as he held her in the palm of his hand, his form towered above her at nearly nine feet tall. His black fur bristled, his lips pulled back baring his gleaming white teeth in a soundless howl, his long muscled forearms tapered into sharp curved claws and his thick legs were capable of launching towards victims at incredible speed. I loosed an arrow at his head and it penetrated through the top of his skull lodging itself in the top of his brain. He dropped like a sack of potatoes falling backwards his limbs spread out like a starfish, the woman he had been preying on was skewered on top of him stuck in place. I descended from my tree as the woman began to cry out for help. I landed neatly in front of her and she cried out for my assistance. I ignored her as I went to the beasts head and drew my elegant dagger, it's leather wrapped handle fit snugly into my palm as I sliced the beast ears off with my curved blade and strung them through a loop in my belt. I turned back to the woman who was still struggling. She had been knotted and was unable to remove herself from the beast. Her tattered clothes were ruined but she wore a plain gold ring on her finger and a small coin purse was looped over an intact leather belt.

I jumped up onto the Werewolf's chest feeling hard bulging muscles under my feet. The woman's pleas were beginning to annoy me but I remained calm as I slipped her ring off her finger peeling back her clenched fingers with ease. Then I reached down to her waist and retrieved her money pouch and belt by uncoupling the buckle. Done looting, I leapt back down and began running north-east, toward the local town and my own home. The forest was full of life as I sprinted through the low undergrowth. Insects buzzed between trees focused on their own survival in the world, birds chirped and sung songs as they went about building their nests and searching for mates, while ground animals stalked the growth for meals, intent on filling there bellies and hideaways for the coming winter. I myself was preparing as well, I had been hunting the fell creatures of the world for a little over two months now and I had amassed a collection of ears to sell at the human towns where I could buy valuable resources. I cared little for humans and there collections of buildings. However they did provide me with an easy way of obtaining food.

I slowed to a halt as I reached my hiding tree. It was a behemoth of a pine, it's gnarled trunk journeyed upwards above the rest of the trees, fuelled as it was by magic. The top remained concealed by leafy branches. If I paced around the tree I knew it would take me two-hundred and thirty-six steps to get all the way around. I clambered up the trunk around ten metres and crawled in through a gap in the wood. Inside a carved out hollow of around five metres in all directions was waiting for my return. I stood and stalked over to my carved shelf, swaying my hips as I walked like all elves do when there happy. I placed the belt on my shelf and retrieved all the ears counting them out. I had a total of six werewolf ears, A pair of demon ears, eight troll ears and a dozen pairs of orc ears. I also pulled out all the jewellery and coin pouches I had obtained and placed them all in a small cloth sack. I was determined to get rid of all my treasures at once. Clambering back out of my hollow I dropped from the tree and landed lightly on my feet. With my prizes tied to my belt I resumed sprinting towards the local human township. I couldn't even remember its name but I knew where it was. Within half an hour the town was in view it's squat wooden wall was so short that even a human could have climbed over it. As it was I wanted to preserve my reputation with the town even if that didn't extend to saving there females, so instead I entered through the gate slowing down to a walk and allowing my hips to sway with pleasure. 

I quickly sought out the local bounty-man and sold my collection of ears to him, the man thanked me and passed me a bulging pouch full of gold coins. I spent the rest of the afternoon stocking up on the essentials for the rest of the winter. I also indulged in a few luxuries including a warm fox fur coat to help keep the cold out in winter and a new set of clothes that were in slightly better condition than my current set. I left the town just before sunset and arrived back home just in time to see the final rays of light sink below the horizon. Then after placing my purchases amongst my room, I curled up on my bed and promptly fell asleep, safe in my abode.

The first birds whistling at dawns break woke me. Golden rays of sunlight crept onto the floor illuminating the timber smooth from my years of treading upon it. A small mound in the centre of the room served as a table. I made myself a quick breakfast of bread and dried meat and sat cross legged in front of the wooden bulge in the floor, eating while I planned the day ahead. I settled on visiting my kill from yesterday. It wasn't uncommon for other creatures to gather around a trapped woman like the one from yesterday and use her other holes to get themselves off. If I waited long enough I'd be sure to see one. I knew that the only time a creature of evil was weak was when it was cumming. If anyone looked at them at any other moment they would sense it and know where you were in the blink of an eye. This was what made killing them so valuable to humans, the beasts had been terrorising their settlements and taking their women for at least a decade now, and more species of evil appeared each year. At first there had only been orcs, years later the trolls had appeared and shortly after them the werewolves. Then finally the demons had appeared, there were rumours of giants as well now although I had yet too see one.

Finishing my breakfast I retrieved my knife, bow and quiver from there resting place at the foot of my bed and set out to the location of my kill yesterday. A few hundred metres from my destination, I returned to the treetops and began silently moving between the branches again. As I neared the corpse I could hear a loud group of guttural voices. Orcs. As I sat perched above them I listened trying to hear how many there were. After five minutes I was certain there was at least five maybe six. I considered slowly what my chances of winning this fight were. One of them was plunging away at the woman's throat judging by the gagging and choking coming from below so I could leave that one till last. The rest however I would have to kill before they knew what was happening. I could kill at least two before they located me but if they had bows then I would have to flee my tree and find better cover to think of a new plan. After a moment of thought I heard the orc below beginning to climax. Acting on instinct I drew an arrow and looked down swiftly drawing back the string and loosing it into the first green head I saw.

To my dismay a group of around thirty orcs clustered below me. I cursed my foolishness, they had set a trap for me. Before the first arrow had even hit it's target all of the heads below me whipped up and looked directly at me except for the one climaxing orc who continued to cum down the weakly struggling woman's throat, their red eyes glowed with malevolence and victory was already written in the sneers on their heavy faces. I drew a second arrow and leapt towards another tree as a wave of orc arrows flew past where I had just been and hit the tree trunk behind me. I loosed another arrow killing a second orc and continued my frenzied retreat hoping to escape them in the greenery but I had no such luck. An arrow flew towards my knee and I dove out of the way to avoid it. Unfortunately no tree branches presented themselves to my feet and instead I fell through air and landed heavily on the ground. With a whoosh the oxygen left my lungs and I lay there for a moment winded before rolling to one side to avoid a two handed blow from an axe that would have cleaved me in half. I rolled back across drew my dagger and threw it into the orcs skull, it hit home with a sickening thud and emerged out the back of the orcs head. Already moving I leapt up and scooped my bow from where I had dropped it on the ground. I turned and without knocking the arrow skewered a lunging orc through the abdomen and kicked him of the arrow, then I drew the arrow back and smoothly loosed it into an oncoming orcs eye. I turned again and tripped as I ran straight over a taut rope and landed heavily on the ground my bow flying just out reach. I lunged forward for my weapon but a booted foot kicked it away. Desperately I reached back for an arrow but a huge green hand grasped my quiver and tore it free of it's leather straps.

A hand grasped my leg and I tried to twist free but to no avail, it's grip was like iron. Another hand grasped my hood and pulled it back grabbing my head and lifting me free of the ground, the smell of sweaty orcs filled my nostrils as one knelt down in front of me. I knew what would happen next. I had heard of this fate befalling other hunters before, but still I fought to free myself not wanting to believe that my time had come. First they would all have their way with me and then they would slit my throat and leave my ravaged corpse in the forest for creatures to feed on. Helpless I struggled as another hand spread my legs apart and yanked my short brown pants down to my ankles revealing my white cotton panties. Another hand forced my arms together and pinned them behind my back as the first orc rubbed his thick hands against my vulva through my underwear. With a swift motion he ripped my last layer of protection straight of my ass cheeks exposing my quivering lumps of rounded flesh, then he spat and rubbed a gob-full of saliva into my dry pussy preparing me. 

That was about the full equivalent of orcish foreplay, job done he proceeded to enter my moistened pussy, my thin elvish hips bucked trying to free him from entering my tight snatch. I was still a virgin but elves didn't bleed so there was no way to inform the orcs of this particular trait. I squealed as his thick green cock slid roughly into my honey pot claiming my virginity. Slowly and painfully he wormed his way up my snatch till he was inside me to my full extent. Elves were only designed to take a total of four inches at the most but this orc didn't hold back his huge ten inch cock forced it's way deeper and I cringed as he reached my first womb. Elvish females possessed two wombs. Only the first had a cervix and they were both on top of each other. as he passed my cervix I felt my consciousness fade and I blacked out.

When my vision returned the first orc was still going his cock touching the top of my second womb my belly stretched and bulged from the huge invasion, my insides felt like clay being shaped and moulded by his huge rod inside me, I gritted my teeth and threw my head back wailing into the air. All around me the thick guffaws of orcs filled the air and the pungent smell of pre-cum assaulted my senses, the orc in my pussy tensed and roared with pleasure as he climaxed, his hips bucked furiously his balls slapping against my bare ass. Then he pushed himself inside me and froze. A groan of ecstasy escaped between his clenched teeth as his seed flooded my upper womb, my sensitive insides twitched as cooling liquid escaped my passage and leaked down my pale legs. The orc dismounted me with a grunt, then he loosed a savage kick at my side. I gasped as breath exploded from my mouth and he spat in my face for good measure before walking away. 

Then the next orc was mounting me. Within moments his cock was poking my cervix and I sobbed as my short lived relief ended, he broke into my first womb and journeyed smoothly into my second womb proceeding to distend my stomach into the shape of his pole. This one took even longer than the last and my entire body ached with pain, he too released his load deep into my second womb then he dismounted and savagely kicked me in the side. There was a resounding snap and I screamed as several of my ribs broke. Laughter exploded around the forest and cheers were directed toward the orc who had kicked me. The next orc lined himself up and the one in front of me began to rub his cock along my cheek as he continued to hold my arms behind my back.

My pussy burned as I was re-entered and I began to sob openly giving up all hope of survival or escape, I wriggled and screamed in frustration at my predicament put to no avail, all I received for my trouble was a slap across the face, the stinging blow stunned me momentarily as a large red blotch appeared on my cheek. The next orc finished depositing his stinking liquid in my tunnel and he too kicked me as if the beating was a ritual that each orc had to follow after they were finished ravaging my pussy. The one who was holding my arms grasped my chin with his free hand and forced me to face him as he continued to swat his erection all over my face, his green hairy balls slid slowly over my nose and sat against my lips as he dragged his engorged testicles down my face.

Another orc approached from behind, my heart thudded painfully and a sense of despair overwhelmed as I realised he was only the third one. His cock rubbed gently against my clitoris and I braced myself for his entry but instead the weight lifted, puzzled I waited certain of a trick. I was right. A moment later a new sensation filled me as his rod began to prod at my virgin ass-hole. My teeth gnashed and my legs flailed desperately as he pushed his way inside the tight circumference, inch-by-inch a burning sensation filled my nether-region. With a satisfactory groan from the orc and a shriek of displeasure from myself the orc breached my rectum and pushed all the way in slowly sliding up my dry walls. A few seconds later, I felt a bolt of pain shoot through my abdomen as he reached a blockage. He tried a few times to breach it which left my vision blurred and my mind numb, then he pulled back and slammed home. My vision flickered black and yellow a sickening dizziness overwhelmed me and my body went limp, unable to comprehend the world around me through the pain. 

I must have blacked out because when I woke again the orc had worked his way past the blockage. My sensitive elvish body allowed me to feel the blood trickling down the inside of my ass-hole. For a moment I remained in between reality and pain, then the orc came explosively inside me, cum squirted back out of my ass and splattered the orcs chests, there was an eruption of laughter as the other orcs jeered at there friends misfortune. Angrily he smashed his fist down on the small of my back and I collapsed crying in pain from the blow, then he stood, popping himself free of my raw ass and smashed me three times in the ribs for good measure breaking the rest of my rib cage on my right side. The one at my front suddenly released my hands and raised my chin with one hand while he grabbed his cock in the other. Furiously he pumped up and down on his shaft then with a sharp intake of breath he pointed the cook at my face. 

I closed my eyes just in time, the world went black and a smattering of warm goo layered across my nose at an angle, then another landed above my right eyebrow, one on my left cheek, another on my forehead and the final blast along my lips and chin. I shuddered as the pungent smell burst into my nostrils and the elvish taste buds on my lips overloaded on the salty taste of orc cum. The orc stood satisfied that I was going nowhere, I watched as he wandered away and the next orc knelt in front of me. I screamed in pain as I was lifted from behind and an orc flipped me over. Then with one orcs balls on my face while he masturbated I was fucked brutal missionary style, my legs hung limply around the orcs bulky waist and my chest burned with each slap against my pussy. From this angle I could see the tip of his cock bulging against the flesh on my stomach before the tight skin pushed the horrendous shaft back out of sight

After he was done the minutes slowly crept by as each orc slowly fucked there fill. With dread I realised that the end was nigh and that soon they would cut my throat open and leave me for dead. A couple of orcs coated my shirt in goo ruining it for good measure and my face acquired more cum, my inner thighs were layered with pungent jelly. I could do nothing as each orc mounted me, fucked me and then filled me with their sticky seed. My body had turned into a warm glove for there cocks, my only purpose in life was to sate there desire, I was a fuck-toy, a useless shell designed only to be filled with cum. They let me know my position by frequently beating me. 

Then the time came when the final cock left me and no more came to take it's place, a sense of peace settled over me as I prepared for the end. My ordeal was over. I would gladly leave the world now in any way possible, than endure more pain. The orc reached for his blade and lowered it slowly to my throat. Then a thick orc arm stopped him. For a moment they spoke in there own foul language and then the other orc sheathed his dagger. Grinning malevolently the orc leaned over my ruined form and struck me across the head. A flash of light obscured my vision and then I knew nothing.