 Slowly my senses returned to me, one by one. First, I could hear. I could hear the sound of fire crackling. I could hear the sound of hurried feet shuffling. I could hear the high-pitched screams of human women. Then I could smell, first the smoke. Overpowering and strong it filled my senses fully, then there was the stench of monsters. Next my feeling returned. I could feel my body pressed against the earth. Somewhere in the back of my struggling mind I concluded I was lying on dirt. My eyes flickered open next. I drank in the blurry images all around me. Humans were being rounded up and removed from the area. On several wooden stakes, severed heads of the men who I assumed had died defending their village.

At this last conclusion, the rest of my senses rushed back to me, pain crippled me momentarily, I squeezed my eyes shut and waited for it to pass. After a moment it dulled and I opened them again. Ignoring my throbbing head, I sat up and waited for my vision to stop swimming. Then, slowly, I assessed the situation. I was trapped in a small cage made of thick wooden branches. Nearby the town, or what was left of it, was burning to a crisp. Large demons patrolled the area catching any last humans who were hiding. My hands were firmly tied behind my back.

Carefully I inspected my cage for something to help me get free. There wasn't a single splinter on any of the poles, nor was there anything on the ground to help me escape. Frustrated I sat cross-legged on the ground waiting patiently while searching my mind for any stray thought that might help my escape. After a long while of thinking I gave up and decided to go back to sleep. After all there wasn't any point in watching the current happenings.

I fell into a light rest and awoke just as the sun peered over the horizon. The day brought a new sight with it. The fires had died out. Somehow, they had not spread to the nearby trees and burned down the forest. The town itself was gone, all that remained were ashen stumps and bodies. Again, I sat in my cage waiting for something to happen. For hours I waited until finally a large demon approached my cage. He stood at just taller than eight feet, his muscles rippled under his deep red skin. On his head a set of horns rose for another foot then tapered into short curls.

He grunted at me in a guttural tone and gestured me away from the door. I stood and backed up to the other side of the cage which wasn't far. He twirled his finger and I turned obediently so that my back was facing him. Slowly he unlocked the cage and entered I kept my focus in front of me knowing that I'd have to play good prisoner if I wanted to surprise him. Slowly, he approached until he was just behind me, then he sniffed deeply up and down the side of my body. He seemed to be checking something, then without any other noise or signal he left and locked the cage.

I turned and waited until he had left my view, noting which way he walked. Then I sat down again and waited, when he returned, I already had my plan. I would wait for him to enter then as soon as unlocked the cage and entered I would strike, one kick to the stomach should make him double over then another to the head to knock him down. I just had to make sure I didn't skewer myself on his horns.

Once again he gestured me back to the end of the cage and to turn my back to him. I obediently did as I was told, the cage door creaked open and I tensed my legs. One step in and I spun and lashed out viscously with my right leg. To my surprise he was ready and the blow glanced of his large arm, I didn't break stride though, with his head remaining out of my reach my left leg followed through toward his upper body. With impressive agility the Demon leaned back and swatted my leg out of the air sending me crashing to the ground. 

I landed heavily on rolling slightly to avoid breaking anything. Before I could move a clawed foot pressed heavily upon my chest, I struggled for a moment trying to move it, but it was too heavy. The Demon grinned at me, his horns glowed a gentle yellow, I knew what that meant, it was a sign of arousal. 

His red cock swelled to its full length and he slowly offered it to my mouth, I closed it and turned away knowing that it was no use and that his powers would force me to open my mouth. His eyes glowed a deep orange and my jaw gently went limp, in fact my entire face went limp. slowly he pried my mouth open with one finger and lowered his semi-erect cock into my mouth.

A foul taste filled my senses as his surprisingly warm cock pushed past my lolling tongue and started to push gently back and forth, gaining momentum as saliva welled up in my agape mouth. I could feel his cock sliding into my mouth, but I could also feel that his weight was slowly lifting off my chest with each thrust. The demons focus was entirely upon my mouth, slowly I let him feed his cock into my throat acutely aware that if he came then I would be in deep trouble, but I pushed that thought to the back of my mind, I had to focus on getting free. 

Each time he thrust downward he would lift his weight a little bit more, all I had to do was force him to go a bit deeper and I would be able to slip out from under him. Carefully so as not to attract his attention I started to wriggle my muscles forcing myself back along the ground. Millimetre by millimetre I started to slide away.

He pushed down, this time his cock touched the back of my throat, it was uncomfortable, but I didn't mind, it was working. He was getting frustrated and was pushing deeper to compensate, I could feel the weight easing off bit by bit. A deep noise escaped the Demon's throat and I knew suddenly that it was now or never. I slid myself back another inch and the demon thrust forward with a groan. The weight lifted from my chest and I slid out from under him and chopped his legs out of the way leaping upward.

As I leapt, I dragged my bound hands along one of his horns and the bindings sprung free, my hands came apart and I landed on both feet feeling triumphant. Then I saw the seed hanging from the demon's cock. I reached up and desperately clawed at my mouth pulling saliva free, I looked down at my slimy hands and my heart dropped. My hands were mainly full of saliva but some of the demon's seed had ended up in my mouth.

Immediately I could feel it, like a haze lifting from my mind, everything went crystal clear as all other thoughts rushed from my head, I stood there looking down at the demon acutely aware that I could escape through the door behind me. But in front of me, was a huge. Red. Cock.

My mind raced trying to stop myself, but it was no use, my legs trembled and I took a step toward the demon, kneeling I wrapped my hand around his shaft and lifted his cock to my salivating mouth. For a brief moment I was in control, my fingers loosened and the cock almost slipped from my hold.

Then my focus returned and I shoved his shaft into my mouth. With lustful glee I sucked the semen from his cock, revelling in its sweet taste. My vision swam heavily and any last inkling of where I was disappeared. All that mattered was cock.

With gusto I started to suck and jerk trying to bring him back to life. His head slowly turned and a groan escaped his lips. I wished he would get up and take me, but it looked like I'd have to do all the work. I swung my leg up over his waist and with my other hand guided his cock into my aching pussy.

With a gasp of relief his head slid inside me, my lips were drenched with juices. Slowly, satisfyingly, I lowered my hips as far as I dared. I didn't even make it halfway before I felt like I could go no further. My back arched I rose back up and then slid down his cock again crying out in ecstasy. My free hand went to my clit and started rubbing gently as I worked my way up and down.

The demons head slowly came around, his red eyes locked onto me and the tips of his horns started to gently glow. I could feel his hips gently thrusting upward each time I slid gasping down his member. His clawed hands reached forward and wrapped around my waist, I felt so horny.

His grip solidified and with a growl of anger he shoved my body further down onto him. A scream died in my throat at the new feeling that entered me. He was so ridiculously deep inside me that I could have sworn he was inside my stomach. My mouth now hanging agape. He bent me over so that my face was pressed against his chest then started ramming his hips into mine. 

Drool leaked from my mouth and no noise escaped me as he pounded me. All I did was cling on for dear life as the most intense fucking I'd ever experienced continued. My world spun as I felt something else coming. A deep feeling building inside me, I knew it was an orgasm, but it terrified me, I'd never felt so tense, it loomed like a tidal wave about to crash down over me. 

I scrabbled at his chest both desperately wanting him and desperately trying to slow him down but to no avail. My world shook and my voice came back as I screamed openly into the air. My muscles cramped and spasmed my insides twisted into knots. Then the air came back to my lungs and I gasped deeply. 

Suddenly back in reality I realised that the demons' effect had been undone. I turned to see his grinning face as he pounded his cock into me. Then my insides flooded and cum poured into me. My willpower melted away and my thoughts refocused themselves. I reached down and freed his throbbing cock from my pussy, then knelt between his legs. I could feel cum sliding down my thighs, so I gently collected it with a finger and sucked it clean. Then I went to work on his cock licking it clean, working my way along the veins and around the tip making sure not to leave any of hi delicious seed untouched.

He still wasn't erect, so I grabbed his cock at the base and started to gently tug him trying to work him upright. My mouth opened, and my tongue worked its way down to his balls. I managed to fit one in my mouth and I gently sucked on it as my hand stroked him. With my other free hand, I worked my clit already trying to orgasm again.

Slowly his cock started to stand upright, I let his balls fall from my mouth and licked my way up his shaft until I was at the tip, then I opened my mouth wide and took his cock into my cheek, letting it bulge outward. With more speed I started to jerk him with both hands hoping to get him erect quicker. It was working surprisingly well and I stared with excitement as his cock returned to its rigid state.

I let his cock slide from my check then bobbed my head down onto his cock until I gagged on the tip of his cock. Then I slid back up and did it again taking a little more. A few more goes and I had the tip in my throat, I could feel it stretching open. His hands went to the back of my head and he grabbed my hair wrapping around his fingers like a handle. 

Then with a violent shove he pushed me down onto him. His cock slid into my throat and suddenly I had no air. He held me there as I struggled to get free, for a few moments I thought he was going to let me die but then he jerked me up. I had just enough time to gasp in some air around his cock before he shoved me down again. 

He started to pick up some pace now. His hand working me up and down in a smooth motion. I gagged, coughed and spluttered, my red hair dangled over my shoulders filling with saliva as drool leaked from my mouth. My free hand reached for my pussy and I started to rub again.

With a mighty shove he pushed me all the way down to his balls. I could feel his ridiculous size stretching my throat but I didn't care, instead my tongue came out and started to lick his balls. My hand worked faster than ever. I could feel it coming again, another orgasm. I wanted to get his cock inside me. To feel him fill me with his load again. But he was so focused on his blowjob that I couldn't get free.

He was getting quicker and quicker and my orgasm was so close I could feel it. I slid my other hands fingers into my slit, and immediately my body jerked into full blown orgasmic bliss. My fingers reached deeper inside me and my legs clamped together around my hands. Then suddenly it was over, and I was in controls again.

My mind snapped back to reality realising how much my throat hurt, he was still pushing me down, my eyes closed and I retched and coughed feeling dizzy from lack of oxygen. He roared and I saw his balls twitch. He was about to cum. With a sudden burst of strength, I yanked my head away from his cock and pulled his hands off me. Then I grabbed his cock with both hands hoping he wouldn't notice that I was in control and jerked his cock. With a cry his cock twitched, cum sprayed itself all over my body. I shut my eyes and mouth tightly hoping it wouldn't get inside me in any way.

Spray after spray coated me until my face was dripping. Carefully I wiped the semen from my eyes, until I was sure that none would get in. I wasn't sure if it would affect me if it did, but I wasn't willing to take the chance if I could help it.

Slowly I cracked my eyelids open and surveyed the mess in front of me. The demon was resting on the ground his eyes closed, but he looked like he could come too at any second. Carefully I stood and exited the cage, then I locked the door and removed the key taking it with me. 

The demon started to wake, so I dashed away throwing caution into the wind. A yell filled my ears as I ran and I knew that others would be here soon. I leapt from the ground covering many feet and landed gently against a tree. Then I began to climb quickly heading for the cover of the treetops. 

As soon as I was up high, I turned carefully making sure not to look at any demons in the clearing. I could see the cage was broken open and a group of them were talking, then they broke apart into groups headed for the forest. They were coming to search for me. 

I turned and fled into the higher branches running deeper into the forest canopies as fast as I could.