 Annette had signed up for the experiment, not knowing what she was getting into. It paid well and she could certainly use the extra money. She arrived promptly and was guided to the appropriate room. Once there she was told to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to the conditions of the test. 

She saw the screen in the otherwise empty room, there was only one other door and she timidly touched the screen. It lit up and after asking for her personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description of the experiment. It read that she was going to be testing the effect of climate on her body. She clicked the understand button and it went on to say she would have the choice of environment, but that for true testing she would have to remove her all of clothing. Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' 

She felt somewhat brave as she removed her clothing, at thirty six she was still in good shape. With soft smooth bronze skin, her pussy neatly trimmed. She clicked the button, and read that the exit door would lead her to the options room. From there she would select what environment she wanted to test. Her clothing would be on other side when she made it out and she would be asked questions about her experience. That they were safeguards and she would never be in any danger. 

She opened the door seeing the a wide range of doors in front of her. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. 

She counted the doors, there were twenty six in all. The first door had red lettering, it said, A: Antarctica. Without thinking she touched the door, and the neutral voice suddenly said, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

Annette walked through the door feeling the bite of the icy cold environment. Her nipples turned into hard peaks immediately and she wondered where the safe guards were. She began to plod through the snow wondering where the exit door was and how long she would be required to remain in the freezing chamber. She saw a tall form lumber towards her and she jumped up and down to catch it's attention. The action worked and she felt fear as the huge creature move towards her. It was at least seven feet tall and covered in a dense silvery fur. She wondered how it got into the test room when it sniffed her and licked her breast. She jumped a little even as the feel of the long rough tongue heated her skin. She moved closer to the beast, wanting, and needing it's body to warm her up. She shivered as it's tongue bathed her nipples and she was surprised the saliva didn't freeze but kept her skin warm. Once she realized this she reached out her hand to have him lick it. She watched the grayish purple tongue snake over her skin, warming her. The creature seemed to understand and began licking all over her face working down her body. It picked her up to lick her feet and legs and she trembled as it spread her legs. It's fur was warm and she cuddled up to it as it carried her to a sheltered area. 

Annette was grateful for the beast's assistance and wondered how she could thank it, as it put her down and grunted. It sank to all fours and crawled around her like a huge man/bear. She was frightened as it nudged her, pushing her to the ground. Her heart raced and she could feel the blood pounding in her ears as the beast licked between her legs. She whimpered as her flesh grew warmer and the tongue more insistent. She felt its paws spreading her legs and her body went stiff. It grunted at her and she looked down at it seeing its huge fingers spreading her slick cunt lips apart. She gazed down as its tongue extended to lick and she felt the warmth spread throughout her body. It moved, crawling over her, pinning her beneath it, and she wondered what more it could want. Then its tongue began licking her breasts again. She whimpered and wondered if she would survive without this thing and whether she really wanted to leave. It pulled away and growled and pounded its chest. 

Annette had no idea how to react, her body was on fire and it seemed as if the beast wanted to communicate. She looked up in fear and desire at its body. Her skin grew hotter as she noticed the thick purple shaft that had appeared between its, no his legs. She felt as if she were delusional that the cold had made her hallucinate this sexual beast in order to keep her body warm. 

She caressed her breasts and spread her legs, her fingers finally parting her cunt lips. She pointed at him and then pointed at her cunt. She watched him grunt and crawl back over her. She felt his massive paws lifting her ass, her legs stretching wide to go around him, her feet barely touching behind him. She felt his teeth lock onto her nipple and her moan echoed through cave as she felt his thick hard cock filling her. It felt longer than it looked, but then in comparison to the beast's size anything would look small. She was grunting, sweating even as her body slide onto him, feeling his furry body against hers. She wanted it to last forever as her body exploding in a heated flush. She felt feverish as he kept pounding into her, Annette's body responding again and again until she was limp from the pleasure racing through her as her blood boiled. She felt him bite her nipple, tugging it, as a growl escaped his lips and she felt a soothing warmth fill her. It eased the heat and calmed her down a little. He withdrew and moved down to nuzzle her enflamed cunt, lapping at the juices. It was gentle and soothed her even as it produced a few small aftershocks of pleasure. 

The next thing she was aware of was the neutral computer voice saying, "Thank you for your participation. Your responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

Annette slowly stood up, had it been real? She looked down at her body, noticing distinct bite marks on one nipple. A warm shiver flowed over her and she noticed the sticky fluid seeping out of her. She slowly dressed and looked at the screen. She tapped the next button.

She wanted to know who had played the part of her rescuer as the first question flashed across the screen.

'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from disgusting to I want to do it again. She selected, I want to do it again.

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. She picked yes.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for her to type her response. Annette was unsure of how to reply and ended up typing, 'My male companion.'

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like the identity of the environmental inhabitant can be revealed. He too enjoyed the experience."

Annette's fingers caressed her arms and wondered how much of him had been real and how much had been environmentally manipulated. She wasn't in a serious relationship now and so she merely nodded. A door opened and a tall man entered. She looked closely at him and noticed how his caring gray eyes followed her. His hair was a silvery gray and she noticed he did have rather large hands.

He held out one hand feeling how tense the situation was. "My name is Arden, I didn't mean to frighten you in there."

She blushed as he took her hand and brought it to his lips and kissed her wrist. She felt her skin grow warm, and she felt all tingly again. "Annette," she whispered. "How did you? I mean why did you?" she found herself unable to ask the question as he had not forced himself upon her. In fact he had made he ask for it, her face turned crimson.

"I just got back from a research station in Antarctica, and was fascinated with the legend of the abdominal snow man. So when this project came up and they asked me to monitor unobtrusively, I chose that form." He was nervous, the disguise was gone, and he fumbled with the words. "I didn't expect to feel such a strong physical attraction. I wanted to say something, but I didn't want to invalidate the experiment. I don't blame you if you hate me."

She smiled as she realized he felt guilty about how he had acted. She stepped next to him, stood on her tiptoes, and pulled his face down for a long normal kiss. She felt his arms surround her, warming her entire body, and she blushed as kiss ended. "I know this great little Thai restaurant not too far from here. How about we get to know each other?" Annette blushed, she had never been this forward, not even with her ex-husband. Then again she had never been so drawn to a man. Even in the environment she had felt a hunger, a need for his touch that had surpassed survival.

He let out his breath, "Sounds good. I am kind of hungry." He felt his face grow red as she took his hand and they stepped out of the room.