 I awoke suddenly and groaned as my head throbbed, my ribs were stinging and breathing was painful, my insides felt raw like they were coated in sandpaper that was being rubbed up and down in aggressive constant motion. I slowly opened my eyes and investigated my surroundings. I was lying on a stone slab my wrists and ankles were tied down by leather straps, above me the sky was dark and at my feet a huge stone structure in the shape of an upright oval loomed over my ruined form. I was still wearing my green shirt but it was soaked through with cum. In fact my entire body was covered in it, I lay still for a while considering where I might be, hours passed and my gaze wandered back to the stone oval, something about it felt sinister, like evil itself had created it. Night turned to day and then dusk again. At last a few hours after the sun set and the moon, finally at its fullest rose, a commotion began to stir in the forest. I looked toward it my acute elvish senses were freaking out, something bad was coming my way.

I was right. Out of the forest hundreds of fell creatures were emerging. Werewolves, Orcs, Demons, Trolls and even Giant's were moving toward me. I began to struggle weakly hoping to free myself but it was no use. I gave up as the creatures formed a semi-circle behind my head all facing the stone. Then one figure moved round to my feet and looked down at me. Terror clenched at my heart as this beast looked into my eyes, his features were hidden by a mask but his eyes were ice blue. A coldness seeped into my limbs and froze me to the bone, the air seemed to ice over. A low fog rolled in obscuring the forest from my view. He raised his hands and began chanting slowly and surely, words that were unfamiliar to me rolled from his tongue and fell upon my ears as gradually an immense tingling feeling entered me. The walls of my pussy began to convulse and an uncontrollable pleasure filled me to my fullest as he continued to chant faster. 

A moan escaped my lips, breathy and sexual. My arousal was beyond me, even though in the back of my mind I knew that it was trick I didn't care, I needed to play with my pussy and I needed it now. The restraints that were pinning me down snapped and my hands flew toward my pussy tearing at my sensitive clitoris, I stuffed two fingers inside myself and cried out in ecstasy as a bolt of pleasure ran up my chest, I pulled them free, dripping with wet juices and licked the moisture off. I began to suck my thumb as my other hand greedily rubbed circles on my clit. Within moments my body was standing on edge as the world spun around me and yet I still didn't orgasm, the feeling continued to build and I screamed in frustration and pleasure as my hand slapped uselessly at my engorged pussy lips.

Then the feeling broke and my head dropped back against the stone altar as the world unclenched around me, red and golden lights flashed in front of my eyes as my walls clenched and retracted rapidly my moist pussy was slurping as I continued to rub it juicing the orgasm for all it was worth and a scream tore free of my lips, the orgasm didn't stop though, for the next minute I continued and my muscles cramped from their abuse, but I couldn't stop myself as I continued to finger fuck my cunt. Through the pleasure I saw the stone structure above me begin to glow and for a moment I slowed confused as to what was going on, then the pleasure pulled me back in and I forgot all about it...

I must have blacked out cause when I awoke the whole world was glowing orange, my orgasm was over but my pussy still twitched and spasmed in pleasure, I reached down and gently massaged it as I investigated what was going on. The huge stone oval was the source of the light the stones had turned orange and in the center of it was a purple light that bulged as if it were breathing. I tensed unsure of what would happen next. Then an arm exited the portal followed by the body of a werewolf I gasped as it was followed by another and another and another. Then other creatures began to emerge, first the ones I had already seen then others I recognized from books and old tales. There were giant spider's, tentacle monsters, walking trees even dragons as well as countless other fell creatures. And as they all fled into the forest it dawned on me.

I had created them.

Then my pussy flared again in desperate need, I tried to fight it but my desire was to great, it was like tying to hold up a tsunami with my bare hands. I tore at my glistening vulva with unrestrained ferocity as an irresistible itch started to form inside me. Within moments the next orgasm hit me and I shrieked openly as it flooded me with pleasure, unrestrained pleasure and yet no relief came, still the itch sat deep within me and my desire burned like molten lava. My need unbearable I grabbed at my cunt with both hands trying to tear the itch off, my legs spasmed and kicked wildly as another orgasm rocketed through my lithe frame and my head smacked against the stone slab as I jerked back involuntarily, my chest heaved from the effort of my exertions as I wedged my hand between my thighs and rubbed as hard and fast as I could. Juices flowed from my cunt and the slab was soon coated, slick with fluids, but still my desire burned. 

I cried out in hopeless agony and pleasure, seconds turned to minutes and minutes to hours but my need never lessened, orgasm after heart-stopping orgasm wrenched through my body and still I couldn't stop the unbearable itch. Then after what felt like centuries it suddenly stopped, it felt like something had snapped within me, I even thought I heard a crack but suddenly all I felt was my sore body crying out for attention. I looked to the sky and saw that sun had risen high in the sky, it must have been late afternoon. Then I scanned the area carefully with my eyes to see where the fell creatures were hiding. After three scans of the clearing though, I had yet to find a single evil eye staring back at me, confused I took a deep breath and looked down to asses the damage.

The sight was disgusting, my once beautiful pussy was twisted, swollen and red beyond belief, small cuts and scratches coated the area around it where I had torn at myself. I swung my legs over the edge of the slab, my side was still blue and swollen where my ribs had been broken, but they felt strangely good considering they had been broken only a few days ago, assuming it was some sort of side effect of the strange ritual last night. I stood up and abruptly collapsed back onto the altar as my head throbbed and the world spun and flickered. I stayed seated until my head stopped spinning then I stood again, more slowly this time. My head throbbed again but the world stayed in the same place, carefully I took a few steps forward and winced as my thighs rubbed against my swollen pussy.

I wished I had something to cover myself, at least I still had my shirt I supposed. I turned in a circle trying to work out where I was, judging by the sun there was only a few hours of daylight left and I didn't want to be out in the dark in my crippled state. I began stumbling north through the forest, I had traveled south from the village originally so I guessed that they wouldn't have gone all the way around the small town. After a while of walking I came upon a small stream that I was familiar with, it ran east to west far south of the village, it had taken me three days to run here and I only came out this way when my own home was to dangerous to stay in. I crouched down and drank deeply from the cool stream. Then I continued on my way. 

I tried to run but found that it hurt too much, so I continued to a walk knowing that it would take me a week or more to make it all the way home. I vaguely remembered on a map somewhere that there was another small town just west of here so I turned slightly hoping that I might stumble onto it. Eventually the sun began to creep lower to the horizon and I was forced to find somewhere to rest for the night, the trees here weren't very tall so I decided that I would have to sleep on the ground, I searched for something to keep me warm but there was nothing so I lay down and hoped that it wouldn't get too cold.

Unfortunately it was one of the coldest nights I could remember, I shivered heavily all night, with only half my clothes on I could hardly feel my legs and I didn't sleep at all, before the sun had risen I decided that I wasn't going to lie here any longer so I stood up and resumed walking through the cold and dark. A flash of light in the distance caught my attention. I stared toward it wondering what it could be. I decided that if it was fire I would do anything to get near to it. As I approached the light grew brighter until it illuminated the horizon, I walked for about an hour realizing that I must have seen it from a long way off, now it was huge. 

I knew I should turn back and that it was probably a forest fire. But the air was getting warmer, I decided to go just a little closer after all I'd probably freeze to death otherwise anyway. I stumbled forward through the undergrowth my keen elven eyes failing me in my weariness and looked up. Suddenly my cold was forgotten. In front of me was the town that I had been looking for, or rather what was left of it. The entire village was ablaze, on the outskirts I could see a group of demons I averted my gaze knowing I had already looked but they didn't seem to notice, and then I realized why, there was a large group of humans all of them looking at the demons, too many people looking at once always confused their senses.

As I watched the demons led the group of humans away in chains. I noticed they were all females. I watched for a few more minutes until the demons had led the humans away. I had never witnessed monsters working together like this, maybe an ambush or a small raid but to destroy an entire town. I thought of all the creatures that had come through the portal. My head spun as I realized just how bad things were going to get. I decided that it was time to leave, head back the way I came and find a ship somewhere to take me to an unknown shore. I stood and turned around only to be hit in the forehead. With a solid thunk my vision blurred and faded and I fell backwards cursing my tired state.