 The Course of the Pharaoh: Let’s Take a Trip

Still stunned by the events that had just occurred in the room behind her, Akriel stumbled down the hall a few steps, then drifted to a stop. They were in total darkness. She could tell the professor was lost in a similar state of astonishment: she could hear the faint noises he made to himself when he was far off in thought. What had happened was almost unbelievable. On an archaeological dig, trying to discover how to get through a door into what was likely a treasure room of some kind beneath a small pyramid, while the professor slept from exhaustion, Akriel had had a sudden flash of inspiration that had made one of the statues guarding the chamber actually come to life, turning into a real, flesh and blood man . . . a very physical and healthy man. The sex had been amazing. And now here they stood on the other side of that chamber door, admitted by the guard and still trying to grasp the reality that all that had actually happened.

“Just a moment, just a moment,” the professor muttered, “I have a light here somewhere.”

Akriel could hear the sound of his fumbling, a few more quiet mutterings to himself, and then the area was filled with the soft, greenish light of a glow-stick. The professor still looked to be a bit stunned, smacking his lips and wrinkling his brow in thought.

“Professor?” Akriel asked, concerned the shock of all this may have been too much for the old fellow.

“What?” he said, broken from his musings “Oh, my . . . my, my, my . . . no one will ever believe this,” he said, looking at her through the gloom. “I’m not sure I believe this.”

“I do,” Akriel murmured, blushing and bringing a hand to her chest. Her finger idly stroked her stiffening nipple, thoughts drawn back to her encounter with the pharaoh’s bodyguard.

Professor Stanley cleared his throat after a moment, not sure what exactly had gone on between his student and the otherworldly sentry, but he had a strong suspicion. “Yes, well . . . you’ll have to tell me everything that went on,” he told her “. . . later,” he added, seeing her swallow hard and her eyes widen. “Now, let’s see if we can determine just where exactly we are,” he said, getting back to more immediate concerns.

As he shone the torch about, it became clear that they were in a hallway. It sloped gradually down into even deeper darkness without any sign of where it might lead them. But, the walls were covered with pictures and hieroglyphs as promised. They portrayed maps of jungles and rivers, people journeying, and a city of gold and riches populated by strange beings. It looked like some fantastical fairy tale commemorated for all time. It almost looked like it could be the pharaoh’s journey to the afterlife. The whole story stretched down the length of the hall and the two unlikely adventurers made their way along it as they read. 

Every few feet they would pause as Professor Stanley ran a hand through his unruly white mane and peered at the drawings with a “Hmm . . . hmm . . . yes, I see . . .” before moving on.

Suddenly finding a sharp-edged stone, Akriel once again wished for her shoes, forgotten back in the tomb. Her piercing little shriek made Professor Stanley jump as though he’d stepped on the stone himself and the glow-stick fell to the floor.

“Oh, dear lord,” he muttered, pressing his back to the wall and holding his chest while trying to catch his breath. “You sounded like you’d been shot, or the very hosts of the after-world had come for you,” he gasped.

“Sorry,” she mumbled sheepishly.

She bent to pick up the light, but the teacher did likewise at that very same moment. They narrowly avoided banging heads, but as Professor Stanley stood he raised the back of his head right into Akriel’s breasts in a soft, bouncy collision. As she quickly straightened he found himself staring momentarily nose to nipple with her and gave a pleasantly surprised exclamation, dropping the light again.

“Oh, pardon me,” he mumbled, staring for a moment at the object of his collision. The green glow highlighted the smooth, round curves of her chest, and the two large, hard nipples which stuck out to stare back at him.

“Ah . . .” Akriel said, holding up a hand, and retrieved the light herself this time. As the professor reached to take the stick back from her, his fingers lingered a moment longer than they needed to, caressing the back of her hand. Surprised, Akriel smiled back at him anyway. He was a sweet, harmless old man whose thoughts were often somewhere other than where he was standing. To find him suddenly interested in her was shocking, but she found it flattering.

“Professor, the light,” she reminded him, bringing him back to the here and now.

“Hmm? Oh, oh yes,” he mumbled, retrieving the glow-stick.

Momentarily befuddled, the ageing teacher went back to his task of puzzling out the paintings. As they got further down the hall, Akriel noticed that the air was getting slightly damp, as though they were near water. She was just wondering how that could be, when the professor spoke up.

“Oh my, Akriel dear, you must see this,” he said, reaching for her.

Blindly fumbling as he kept staring at the wall, his hand found itself closing over the soft globe of Akriel’s left breast. He squeezed tentatively a couple of times.

“Um, professor?” she asked, though not drawing away.

“Oh! Oh dear,” he said, looking back. “I’m terribly sorry,” he quickly apologised, though he didn’t remove his hand right away.

Eventually, the hallway just ended. Just as the pharaoh’s bodyguard had said, where it ended there was a river. It was the same muddy colour as the rest in the country, and the hallway just went right down into it. By the water’s edge was an elaborate little boat. Much of it was coloured gold, and it had a high prow with a figurehead, with a matching figure at the rear. There was a canopy to keep the primary rider out of the sun. It was only meant for three or four people, she guessed. Akriel would have expected to find animals here using the hallway as a den, or at least birds, but there was nothing except the boat. She glanced at the professor, but he didn’t seem to be concerned at all. He wandered straight over to the boat and inspected it with numerous “Hmm’s” and “My, my’s” as he made his way around it. After a couple of minutes, he edged the boat down into the water, though he seemed to be having such difficulty that Akriel quickly gave him a hand. He looked it over again, then to her surprise just climbed right in. Settling himself, he fished about for a moment, working out how the craft was moved and steered, then looked up at his pupil.

“Are you coming, my dear?” he asked.

Not sure this was such a good idea, she climbed into the small boat after him and the two of them pushed off and began their journey up the river. The water was slow, but powerful, helping guide the boat ever onwards, though they had absolutely no idea to where. The river slowly curved and bent like a lazy snake, travelling through tall grasses on steep banks. Here and there a tree. It was as though they’d come to an alien land all of a sudden. But soon it became clear that the grass was getting shorter and scrubbier, they’d left the trees behind, and the water was moving a little more quickly. Before they knew it they were out in the middle of the country’s major waterway.

“Perhaps we’ve missed something,” suggested the Professor.

Akriel wasn’t listening, though. Her eyes were caught by the numerous crocodiles lounging in plain view on the bank just a little ways further on.

“Um, Professor?” she stammered, “maybe we could go back?”

Ultimately, the Professor led them back overland to the pyramid, where they found out that all the goods they’d brought up from below had been packed for them. So they loaded them into the jeep and drove back to town with the determination to return and investigate the tomb more fully. Night found them sitting in the professor’s hotel room, half-stupefied, trying to make sense of what had happened. The professor sat in a small chair at the end of his bed, his student by the room’s table. As soon as they’d got in, Professor Stanley arranged for a small meal and a stiff drink. Akriel rarely touched the stuff, but the professor assured her that it would be good for her after that ordeal. Afterward, they stared into space thoughtfully for several long moments, until the professor broke the silence by asking her to tell him at last exactly what had happened.

“Everything?” she squeaked, swallowing hard as a blush tinged her cheeks.

“Oh my, yes, even the smallest detail may be important, you must know that.”

Warmth flooding her chest, the junior archaeologist launched into her tale.

“Well . . .” she started, mind drifting back, “I was coming back down the passageway when I stopped to get a stone out of my shoe, and while I was standing there I happened to notice something about the drawings in front of me. There was a pharaoh surrounded by light as though being seen through a tunnel or door, and on either side of him was a priestess having sex with a large bodyguard. It made me think of the doorway and the statues of the guards in the main room . . .” She followed her story from finding the professor sound asleep in the great chamber, to humping the statue of a guard in imitation of the painting, to his amazing return to life, to the passionate sex that followed the guard’s coming to life and finding a young woman in his arms, to waking the professor and being ushered into the pharaoh’s hallway.

By the time she’d finished, she realised that she was rubbing herself intently though her shorts and squirming in her seat. Her other hand was stroking her neck. With a squeak, she straightened up and gave the professor an embarrassed look. Her teacher didn’t look any more comfortable than she. Akriel could see that despite his age and seeming lack of interest in anything like that, there was a considerable bulge to the front of his pants, and he was shifting uneasily in his own chair. She realised the perhaps unnecessary amount of detail she’d gone into when recalling the feel of the sentinel’s cock as it thrust inside her in the dim glow of the lamps down in tomb and she blushed. Brushing her long, dark hair back past her shoulder, she tried to think of something else, but found her thoughts still on the guard, and her eyes drawn back to the curious sight of the professor with a hard-on. She licked her suddenly dry lips.

“My, my,” he said when at last she’d finished. “My, my, my, my, my . . . a most fabulous tale indeed.”

His eyes had that glazed look of thoughtfulness she’d come to associate with the old man, but they turned toward her and ran over her body as though seeing in his mind’s eye everything that she’d just described. Akriel’s blush deepened and she squirmed in her seat. She tried to discreetly rub her thighs together. As she found her hand had strayed between her legs and started rubbing at herself to relieve some of the tension, all of its own accord, she straightened up and stretched, not noticing how her action strained her stiff nipples against the thin, white fabric of her shirt, their rosiness clearly hinting through and drawing the professor’s gaze. She swallowed hard and stared at the door to the room, wishing the tomb guard would come through it and carry her off back to her room for a very long night of passionate exercise. 

“I think that we should plan an expedition,” the professor said at last, just as she was considering slipping off to her own room and masturbating until she fell asleep. “Just the two of us. I don’t think we should tell anyone else just yet, hmm, hmm.”

This suited Akriel well enough, though she wondered who was going to carry all their gear. She knew that most of the other students were just in the course for credit; the foreign culture they were most interested in studying was that found in the markets and taverns of the nearby town. Of those who’d come along from some serious interest, several were changing their minds already after a few days of tedium just brushing sand off things and staring at ancient scribbles. Only a couple seemed to realise the importance of what they’d found and were excited about it.

“Hmm, yes, well, perhaps time for bed,” the professor said, starting to get up. He quickly sat back down again as the front of his shorts shifted noticeably.

Finding herself staring, Akriel wasn’t sure her eyes weren’t deceiving her. Caught by curiosity, she got to her feet and stepped towards him. Pulling her gaze away, she looked into his eyes and saw a need he obviously didn’t dare voice. The student sank to her knees in front of him and felt his cock through his shorts. Her eyes weren’t wrong.

“Can I?” she asked, chewing her lower lip.

“Oh, my dear girl,” he croaked, “for heaven’s sake, please do.”

The way he said it brought a laugh to both of them, breaking the tension, and she smiled at him, determined to do what she would never have considered doing only an hour before. Working his belt open, she fumbled his shorts undone, then reached in through his boxers and tugged free what turned out to be the largest, thickest cock she had ever seen in her life. The professor was hung like a horse! She wondered what he must have been like in youth, able to get this thing up all the time. He couldn’t have had a wife, she considered, or surely he’d never have got any work done. 

“Good lord, professor, it’s no wonder you keep this a secret from the students,” she said, looking up at him with a huge grin.

The old man actually coloured slightly, but smiled broadly.

Quickly jerking his shorts and underwear off, Akriel closed her hand over the large cock again. She slid her fist up and down it’s length a few times in wonderment. Her fingertips didn’t quite touch. She admitted she had small hands, but, he was quite impressive. Licking her lips again, she closed her mouth over the head of his cock. The teacher let out a hot breath and firmly gripped the arms of his chair. Akriel fumbled her shorts open as her lips slipped back and forth along his length. Her hand forced its way in, searching out her needy pussy. When her fingers found it, they rubbed it vigorously, trying to bring herself some relief. Tongue curling around him, the little brunette sucked hard. Her hand squeezed and pulled at him.

“Oh, my goodness,” the professor mumbled, his breath deep.

Running her tongue up and down the length of his shaft, Akriel massaged his balls and looked up at him. She’d love to feel what his cock would be like if she were to suck him to completion, but she suspected that if she did it might take him a long time to recover for another performance, and her excitement and busy fingers had brought her so close to her own orgasm. Getting to her feet, Akriel kicked her shorts off and peeled her shirt up and over her head. 

The teacher’s eyes roamed up her firm, young body, over the trim fuzz she’d left above her pussy, across the flat belly, and up to linger on her breasts with their big, stiff nipples standing in their rosy little discs.

Akriel looked down at the professor’s thick cock and considered whether or not she dared. It wasn’t so long it was a monster that would make you run in terror and hide under the bed, but, it was long and not only long but very fat. She glanced up at the professor, who offered no prompting. His eyes were hopeful and curious, but he left it to her to decide. She looked down again at her prize. It was all thick veins and muscle. It shifted slightly. She knew she had to try. Turning around, she stuck out her tush, wiggling it at him.

“Oh, goodness,” he said, his hands automatically drifting up to fondle the tight, smooth flesh.

She smiled, feeling his fingers on her skin, then reached down to take hold of him and with little circles of her hips worked the head of the professor’s cock into her. She bit her lower lip in delight as she slowly lowered herself onto him. Waves of pleasure rushed through her belly as it filled her. Grasping the professor’s thighs, the petite brunette bounced up and down on him, gasping as his huge cock slid in and out of her body. Heat raced through her as her pussy slid up and down its length. She paused as she came, shudders spilling through her to her toes. And then she kept on. She’d never felt so full; it was wonderful. Her teacher’s hands roamed, now squeezing her breasts, now holding her hips and helping guide her energetic squirms. She moaned her pleasure openly and chased her next orgasm.

Inevitably, she soon felt the professor’s hips shake beneath her as his big cock released up into her, bringing their play to an end for now. She snuggled back against his chest and Professor Stanley put his arms around her while they caught their breath.

Akriel smiled when after a few moments the professor began to mumble little words and comments of astonishment and pleasure, complimenting and thanking her; he even kissed her neck.

“Professor?” she said, drawing him from his happy ramblings.

“Hmm?” he asked.

“I think . . . I’m going to have to try to awaken the guardian again,” she ventured.

“Hmm?” he prompted.

“Well, he said I’d have to ask him to show me the Course of the Pharaoh and it looks like it’s too complicated for me not to. It might take years to decipher otherwise. We might not decipher it at all without help.”

“Hmm,” he replied.

“Are you sure you, hmm, want to do this?” he asked, casting a wary glance at the statue.

“I have to professor, it’s the only way we’ll find out what the writings mean,” she said, letting her fingertips caress the hard chest. Then she noticed the concern in the professor’s voice and his look. She smiled and touched his arm affectionately. “Trust me, sir, I’ll be just fine.

“Remember what happened last time,” she added, looking at the stone man with a lusty smile.

“Hmm, hmm, indeed,” he replied.

“I never knew archaeology could be so much fun,” she mumbled to herself.

“Ahem, yes, well,” the teacher said, making her realise he’d overheard. Despite herself, she blushed.

“Um, perhaps you’d best wait out in the hall, sir,” she suggested.

The professor hovered in indecision, his eyes glancing back and forth between the stone guardian and his student. He felt protective of her. Even if she weren’t his student, she was a young woman, and besides that they had been intimate only a few hours before. In addition, regardless of what she and this bodyguard did together, he would dearly love to actually see a statue turn into a real live person.

“The guard told me that he’s not, um, partial,” she added meaningfully when he didn’t immediately offer to take her advice.

Slowly, a light dawned behind the old man’s foggy eyes and it was his turn to blush. He cleared his throat and stammered a bit. “Ahem, err, yes, well . . . ahem . . . someone should really stand guard,” he volunteered. “I’ll just, um, ensure our, um, privacy.”

“Good idea, sir,” Akriel said, fighting to stifle her giggles.

When the professor had wandered off, a little more quickly than normal, the diminutive student turned her attention back to the sculpture. They had brought more lights down into the chamber this time and she was able to get a better look at him than last time. As before, she saw a large, muscular man standing on a pedestal. He had a stern gaze, fixed straight ahead, standing on guard. He wore a striped kilt of the fashion in the old days, a pair of bracers to protect his forearms, and sandals. Like his counterpart guarding the other side of the door, he was unarmed and didn’t look like he needed a weapon.

Climbing onto the statue, the young student began gyrating her hips against the stone man, hoping as last time that the magic would work and it wasn’t all just a dream or a one-time affair. She found her pussy growing damp, thinking of the incredible sex she’d had with the guardian last time, but once again, she found that it took what seemed an incredibly long time to get the statue to budge. Every rocking movement of her hips wiggled the statue that much further into the floor and she knew it must actually be sinking fairly quickly, but her arms were getting tired holding her entire weight against the man of stone. Head tilting back, Akriel closed her eyes and thought of his cock filling her, the slightly tangy taste of his chest as he got sweaty, the smooth brown of his nipples and the firmness of his body. She felt herself building to an orgasm already, and then she was suddenly aware that strong fingers were holding her hips, digging into the soft flesh of her ass. The crotch she was grinding herself against wasn’t stone anymore, but was still hard. The guard let out a low, quiet moan.
