 1. Leia had been alone for nearly a year now. She was tall and blonde with sleek musculature. Eighteen winters had passed since her birth and she now had full and firm breasts, a narrow waist and rounded hips that bode well for childbirth. The cruel winter was behind her and the green shoots of spring had begun to appear in the valley. Early berries that she had discovered the previous year began to appear again and she was able to come off her diet of pine nuts and other dried roots that she had saved the previous autumn. She had her sharp spear, but her skills as a huntress had not been sufficient to bring meat to her fire. She recalled the tang of the raw and smoked meat from her days with the Clan of the Stag and grew wistful over it. But she put it behind her. She would continue to try and eventually she would master the art of bringing down the antelope, as she had seen her clan brothers do many times.

This morning, however, she felt a human presence. It was near and while she could not see it, she instinctively welcomed it. Loneliness had been gnawing at her all winter and she hungered for human contact.

Aablar had been hunting alone. He was a tall, powerful Neanderthal with a sloping forehead on a thick skull that was covered with matted jet-black hair. He had too much of manhood in him and the chief had caught him lying with one of his women. The punishment for this was death, but the chief feared Aablar and did not wish to face him in combat. He was banished from the group and now was traveling alone and in search of his basic bodily needs.

He smelled the woman long before she was aware of him. He approached cautiously, staying below the ridgeline and making quick surveys every few hundred yards. It had been over a month since he had fucked his woman and she was now lost to him, taken by the hated chief. His manhood hardened and thickened as the woman's smell grew stronger. He grasped his bone-headed club and his spear more tightly and quickened his pace. Another glance over the ridge and he saw her. She was sitting on a thick polar bear skin and eating some red berries. Every so often, she looked around as though she was looking for something.

Aablar saw that he could approach within a few yards of her position if he stayed on top of the ridge. There were bushes behind her and he could remain invisible as he descended from the top of the ridge. He was a skilled hunter, both of game and of women and he was soundless as he flitted down under the cover of the undergrowth. She wore deerskin panties and a deerskin halter with cunning leather ties. She had fashioned leather bound knee-high deerskin boots. The clothing was worn from over a year of use as she had not been able to replace it with her own hunting.

Aablar undid his bearskin robe and placed his club, spear and stone dagger on it. Now, naked save for his moccasins and club he covered the last few yards to Leia in an instant. She had not time to cry out before he seized her and threw her to the ground. Grunting in his urgency, and expecting resistance, he struck her hard with his open palm - once on each side of the head.

The blows disoriented her and her head rang. Before she had time to recover, he pushed her onto her back and with one hand on her throat, he choked her till she felt a red haze descending over her eyes. Thus incapacitating her, he manhandled the clever knots and stripped off her deerskin panties and pulled off her halter. But before anything else, he took a handful of her berries and in the custom of his clan, chewed them to a pulp before kneading her full breasts and sucking and biting on her nipples, smearing the red pulpy berry juice all over her torso.

As he sucked and kneaded her breasts, his other hand slid to her mount and began to knead it roughly. He found her clitoris and began to manipulate it with an expert touch. Soon Leia was panting, her hormones were raging and all her animal instincts were signaling her brain saying, 'Fuck this man! FUCK THIS MAN!!' Still she wished to resist, for something emanating from deep in her conscious mind told her that this was not right, that this was not what she wanted. 

But she had not choice in the matter. Aablar spread her legs and pushed her thighs up till her knees were almost by her head in the bearskin. She whimpered and attempted to twist away, but this sparked an enraged grunt from the Neanderthal. He struck her head again with his open palm and this time she tasted blood in her mouth. 

The next thing she felt was his manhood at her crotch. Leia had never been fucked before, protected as she had been by the old medicine woman in the Stag Clan. However, something told her that this was not right. She cried out as she felt the tip of his cock penetrate her and then she screamed as he rammed several inches in. He had entered her ass! This was his special treat and the pain it caused gave his satisfaction an extra edge. His cock was huge – fully nine inches long and extremely thick, so Leia, relax as she might, still felt as though she had been penetrated by molten metal. She was crying now, sobbing and begging him to desist. This drove him on and he began to piston her savagely. The coupling continued for fully twenty minutes – Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon – until Leia was hovering near unconsciousness, too spent to exhale anything but hoarse pleas for mercy.

Finally he withdrew his shaft. It was still hard and erect. He brought her legs down and mounted her again, this time finding her cunt, wet and slick as it was from all the sex, and penetrating her deeply again. She moaned and her tight cunt peeled back his foreskin. Her tightness and wetness drove him and on and he quickly mounted to a fast tempo. This time her hoarse moans grew louder and in spite of herself, in spite of the pain in her ass, in spite of the voice in her head telling her that this was wrong, she rose with him to a climax and began to come explosively. Her tight cunt gripped him spasmodically, her torso twisted against him, her nipples were as hard as pebbles and her thighs threshed. She gave way to wordless cries of passion. Aablar had never fucked a woman like this. He could not hold back and exploded, pumping gouts of semen into her through three gigantic thrusts.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

2. Aablar rolled off her and hit the side of her head again with his open palm. Weak and dizzy, her eyelids fluttered and she blacked out briefly. When she came to, she found her wrists tightly bound behind her back with a length of supple vine. Her head rang from Aablar's blows and her ass was a mass of pain. Her cunt felt sore and she saw a trickle of blood mixed in with the copious mixture of semen and vaginal fluid at her crotch and down her thighs. She groaned.

Aablar was covered in his bearskin cloak and was gathering his spear, club and dagger. He lifted her spear and hefted it. With a contemptuous grimace, he put it on his knee, broke it in two and flung the pieces into the bushes. He picked up her deerskin halter, panties and boots and threw them to her. She raised her bound wrists and spoke in the language of the Clan of the Stag – 'I cannot put my clothes on.' Her voice rasped from her throat. She wondered if he would understand.

Her speech was thickly accented to Aablar's ear, but understandable. He nodded briefly and leaving his weapons at a safe distance, freed her wrists and watched her dress. When she stood, he roughly twisted her arms behind her back and bound her wrists again. Then he draped her polar bear cloak over her shoulders and motioned her to follow him.

Leia was young and the veteran of many marches with the Clan of the Stag, but Aablar's pace was faster than she any she had known before. She was soon panting and aching quads added to fire of pain in her ass. As the sun began to set, Aablar slackened the pace and eventually stopped just below the crest of the ridge they had been following since she had become his captive. He expertly tied her ankles together with the same type of vine and left her on her polar bear cloak, grunting, 'I'll be back soon.' His speech was guttural like her Clan brothers, but accented differently, so she strained to understand.

The sun had set by the time he returned. Without a word he unfastened her ankles and motioned her to follow him. He led her to a narrow opening the hillside. Once through the opening, it widened into a shallow cave with a sandy floor. He had spread his bearskin on the floor and took hers from her shoulders without ceremony and threw it on top of his. He arranged his weapons by one wall of the cave and unfastened her wrists. She rubbed them and even in the dim light of the cave she could see the angry red marks left by the cord. She held them out to him, saying piteously, 'It hurts a lot …'

He merely took both her wrists and re-fastened them just as tightly in front of her. Then he pushed her down on the bearskins, raised her bound arms over her head and quickly stripped off her deerskin halter and panties. He was hard and impatient and sank his huge cock into her cunt. He rapidly worked up a tempo and this time she began to lose control much sooner. He gripped her biceps tightly and began to grunt as her tightness began to constrict him. She was crying out words that she had heard women in the Clan cry out in the night – 'Fuck me, oh, fuck me hard, mighty hunter, fuck me and give me your children!' She came suddenly and explosively, her contractions wrenching and gripping, but he did not slacken his piston-like thrusts.

His grunting was a monotone now as was her vocal litany – 'Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME, FUCK ME ….'. Her nipples were as hard as pebbles now and she twisted her full and firm breasts against his hard chest. Her vaginal fluids flowed copiously and she felt herself mounting to a second crescendo, higher and more intense than the first. This time she screamed as she came and her jagged and uneven contractions brought him over the edge. He ejaculated, pumping semen into her in thrust after thrust, thick, viscous and extremely pungent – more than she had believed possible. When he was done, they were both spent and cuddled together, swathed in the bearskins. But he did not untie her wrists.

She awoke to find herself on her back again and Aablar astride her. He took her twice more that night, and once again at first light. Each time he brought her to gut-wrenching orgasms.

As the sun rose, bringing light into the cave, she stirred. She found Aablar was already dressed. He was munching on food and she realized that she was starving. She had to eaten since her capture. 'I'm very hungry,' she said. He picked up one of his leather pouches and threw her a thick scrap. She picked it up and smelled it. It was dried and smoked deer meat!

She ate it ravenously as he watched, a slight hint of amusement fleeting across his face. It was her first meat in almost a year and after she devoured it, she looked up at him hopefully. He almost smiled and threw her another thick piece. She ate two more and lay back, her basic needs – sexual and nutritional – sated.

He untied her and allowed her dress. Then he led her to small stream that ran close by and allowed her to wash herself. They returned to the cave and he bound her hand and foot again and lay her on the bearskins. 

'I will hunt. I will return before nightfall,' he said, turning to go. 

'Please take me with you,' she said, piteously. "I can help you. What will I do if you do not return?'

'I will return,' he said with finality, 'You are my woman.' Then he was gone.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

3. The hours passed slowly for Leia. She could not see the sun, but she could see the shadows in the cave. This gave her a rough idea of the slow passage of time. Her thoughts were centered on Aablar. She went backwards and forwards with regard her to feelings for him. He had brutally raped her, but she did not fault him excessively for it. She had witnessed enough rapine in the Clan of the Stag. Sex and violence were rarely disentangled in the Neanderthal Clans. But for the protection of the medicine woman, she would have been deflowered years earlier. She had seen many of her Clan sisters taken forcibly and sometimes killed by the powerful men of the Clan. She had even seen some killed by jealous former mates.

Once the Clan had happened upon a smaller group of Neanderthals and she had witnessed as the males were slaughtered en masse and the women were raped. Indeed she had stabbed one of the grievously wounded males to death herself. So, barring his painful penetration of her anus, Aablar's violence was no more than she had expected. Of course, she expected that he would not trust her and her present helpless state was not unexpected either.

He needed her for sex, she reasoned. But how long would it be before he tired of her? What then? It was quite conceivable that he would kill her when he had no more use for her. This would probably be precipitated by his acquisition of another woman, for she figured that with his prodigious sexual appetite, she was safe as long as he had no other sex object in his control.

Aablar's sexual appetite kept her captivity from becoming too oppressive. He fucked her four or five times a night and again twice or thrice in the afternoon when he returned from hunting. He would often become almost priapic, retaining his erection after ejaculating to pump more semen into her in the same bout of fucking. She invariably climaxed twice and sometimes thrice during each sexual encounter, so she was having ten to fifteen orgasms a night and another five or six in the afternoon. Bound hand and foot while he was away, she just lay limp with exhaustion. She had seen her Clan sisters fucked many times, but never like this! Aablar was no ordinary Neanderthal.