 Lily was almost there. Demons had descended on their city, but she wasn't about to let them take it over. Her armor was cut and broken, upper thighs and one shoulder exposed. But she didn't care. Nothing was going to stop her from getting rid of these things. Her sword glowed proudly with the demon cleansing light of her royal family and it vaporized her attackers one after another. Now, for their throne room. They had taken the king's, her father's throne, and turned it into a blackened, violet jeweled monstrosity, no longer fit for a king, but an overlord. She had been separated from everyone, the only one strong enough to press this far. This was it. If she could beat the monster that had brought all of these things here, then she could tear them all up by the root, taking their foundation away and driving them from her fair city. I won't lose, Lily iterated to herself, and swung the massive doors of the throne room open. 

It was nothing like it looked before. All the banners looked like they had been shredded by massive claws. Even the walls had sets of serrated, parallel cuts in them, whatever made them clearly strong enough to cleave stone. The once royal red carpet had been replaced with one that was black and sooty, as if they had taken the old one and burned it, fashioning a new one out of the ashes. Lily swallowed, but pressed on, the glow of her sword lighting the dimmed room, a few torches holding hands with the edges of its light. 

"Hello, warrior princess," a deep, emanating voice filled the room as if it spoke from the empty space itself. 

"You," Lily gripped her sword. "You're the demon lord that brought these hell spawn here!" 

"I did," the voice said. "Do you like the improvements we've made?" 

"Take your cretins and flee, foul creature!" Lily shouted, eyes flicking, scanning her surroundings. "Your scum will be purged by the light of my sacred sword." There was a pondering silence and for a moment Lily wondered if she really had scared him off. Perhaps this demon lord knew that he stood no chance against the power in her sword, blessed by angels. 

"Hmm, a paltry display," the voice said. "Your lack of affection is noted." There was a whooshing sound, wind in the throne room picking up and swirling. With its currents it carried shadows, snakes of black mist hissing, drawn to a point. Lily faced that point as the shadows gathered, mixing into a mass. They came to a rather amorphous form, one that looked like the silhouette of a mountain on fire, blackness its only feature other than two white, angular eyes, large absences through which this creature saw the world. 

"You..." Lily grit her teeth. It wasn't the form she was expecting. His demons were ugly, imp-like creatures with sharp teeth and bat-like wings. He was like a piece of shadow ripped deep from a cavernous well, cold and unseen. 

"Yes, me." the shadow said. "I am Belial, a king of hell. And now your kingdom...is mine." 

"What did you do with my father!" Lily shouted, "the real king!" 

"I showed him the darkness," Belial said, "and he gave me his crown." 

"Liar! Give him back!" Lily leapt forward, sword shining in an arching slash that split the shadow in two, eye's separated by a line of cleaving light. She had gone right through him. She looked back. But nothing. The two halves reformed and rather than turn around, the monster's eyes melted through his body and reformed on the other side. 

"I can smell the angel's stink from here," he snarled. "But, while that sword may melt the legions at my disposal, to me...it is merely a stick." A shadow like a whip shot from Belial. It smacked Lily, breastplate cracking as she soared backward. Something came to meet her. It caught her and she flopped down as if sitting in a chair. 

"Wh-" It all happened so fast. There were two clangs. Suddenly her wrists and ankles were shackled in place. She pulled as hard as she could, but couldn't move. Was that really it? Her ceremonial armor and her father's sword had been enough to get her this far, but this demon was the real deal and of her sword, thought nothing. She held it still, firm in her grasp as the demon's amorphous form towered over her, glaring down with his empty eyes. 

"You won't be needing that anymore," he said. A strand of shadow reached out and grabbed her sword by the blade. It hissed in its grip, but it didn't let go. Lily held on as hard as she could, but the shadow twisted her wrist and wrenched it away. 

"No!" Lily shouted, watching the sword impale the floor, blade first, standing up. It looked like it was just waiting to be drawn again, but it was so far out of reach. Lily was stuck. Looking down, her wrists were restrained by shackles to the blackened throne. 

"You won't be needing this anymore either." A strand of darkness reached out and tapped her cracked breastplate. The whole set melted away. It dissolved into a black ooze and ran off her like water, leaving Lily entirely nude. 

"Ah!" Lily squirmed. But she couldn't cover herself. She wasn't particularly buff, and all her borrowed power had been taken away. She was rather petite, small breasts, hardly a handful, a small, slender form now pinned under this great, dark shadow. 

"What is this?" Lily squirmed. "Give me my clothes back, demon!" 

"Perhaps I will," Belial said. "I'm going to make you the same deal I made your father. If you can resist the darkness, then I will give you back your kingdom." 

"Resist the..." Lily paused. "What does that mean?" 

"It means I'm going to show you the darkness," Belial said. "Your darkness. The darkness hiding deep in that breast of yours. The shadows you are hiding." A shadowy hand stretched out from the towering blackness. Floating just above its palm was a black crown, jeweled with violet gems just like the throne. "This crown will show you your darkest desires. If you can resist, you win. But...if you succumb... then one more slave will be added to this darkened keep." 

"What makes you think I'll- ah!" Lily stopped as the crown was placed on her head, black tendrils snaking from its surface and into the skin on her forehead. 

"You do not have a choice," Belial growled. "Now let's see if you can resist the darkness." 

"Ahh!" Lily shrieked, and her vision went white. 

"Huh?" Lily was suddenly in a field somewhere else. It was a vast, empty plain, something familiar it seemed she had traversed many times on her travels between kingdoms. "Hya!" She covered herself with her arms, realizing she was still naked. 

"I wouldn't worry about that," Belial's voice said. "Your visions can't see you...yet." 

"Visions?" Lily repeated. She felt at her head. The crown was gone, but she knew this must have been some sort of illusion it brought on. She would have to be on guard. 

"Yes," Belial said, his voice somewhere outside of everything. "Now bear witness to your darkest thoughts...and face them." Lily caught sight of someone else, still covering herself. But the person was familiar. It was her. She was walking to greet someone, someone she knew, dressed in his royal robes. 

"Oh?" Belial murmured. "Who is that?" 

"That's Prince Belen," Lily said, mostly to herself. He was a prince from a kingdom neighboring her own. He was handsome, dark hair and dreamy blue eyes. His gaze made her melt, especially when he greeted her so cordially. She watched herself approach him and he did his greeting, taking her by the hand with a soft bow, always looking right into her eyes when he did it. Even from afar Lily felt like she might swoon. But then her other self actually melted in front of the prince. 

"What?" Lily said. The space around her went dark. When it relit, it was the same plain, but now the prince was leading her along, hand on a rope that led to and was tied around her neck. She was naked, walking bashfully along behind him, hips pushed forward in her walk, pussy dripping onto the grass. 

"Wh-" Lily watched in awe. "What is this? The prince would never do this to me!" 

"Unless you wanted him to?" Belial said. 

"No!" Lily shouted. "I would never..." The space went dark and relit again. Now she was on her knees in the grass. Prince Belen stood over her, shirtless, dick sticking out from his pants and pressed to her face. He still had her by a leash as she knelt before him and begged. 

"Please," she heard herself say. "Please give your little slut your cock, master. I need it. I can't control my horny pussy." 

"You'll get it when I say you can," Prince Belen said. 

"Yes master," Lily replied. "You own me. I'm your sex slave princess. I await the day I'm crowned by your semen." 

"What is going on?" Lily asked, watching in disbelief. 

"It seems this dark thought is about being owned by this prince," Belial said. 

"But...I don't want..." Lily squirmed in place, suddenly aware of her hand between her legs. She had meant to be covering herself, but her hand had cupped her pussy. 

"These are your fantasies," Belial said. "The crown is just drawing them out." Lily's vision went white. 

She was back in the throne room again. She looked around, eyes adjusting to the darkness. She pulled at her shackles, still locked tight. 

"So..." Belial said. She looked up. He still loomed over her. "Now you understand the game." 

"I understand I can't let myself fall for your tricks," Lily snapped. 

"Denial will only seal your fate," Belial said. "There's one more thing I should add. If you lose, the kind of slave you become is based on the desires that claim you. Based on yours...I think you'll enjoy what you become." From the crown atop Lily's head, two strands of pink light jumped off. They swirled around each other and landed on her bare midriff. There, they stamped her. A heart tattoo with swirls around its curves appeared. 

"What is this?" Lily asked as it dimmed, remaining there, permanent on her skin. 

"The first step of your demise," Belial said. The crown on Lily's head shook and this time it whipped a blindfold of shadows over her eyes. 

"Ahh!" Lily spread her legs as her vision went white. 

Now, she was outside, overlooking the countryside from atop balcony of a large castle. It was the castle Belen was from, but Lily wasn't looking at him this time. She stood off to the side, looking at a woman named Amelia who gazed wistfully over the plains. She was one of the castle servants, dressed in long robes with her maid's apron. Her and Lily were about the same height, but Amelia had more on her than Lily. Amelia was a little chubby, plump thighs and round, perky breasts always hidden just beneath her robes. She was pale with curly dark hair, fairly sweet and charming in demeanor, quiet and usually hard at work. 

Lily stood there, still awkwardly naked, but seemingly unable to be seen. She watched herself walk up behind Amelia, tip-toeing as if to surprise her. When she got close though, Lily watched herself jump in and grope Amelia from behind. 

"Ah!" Amelia cried out, Lily's hand bunching up her robes beneath her breasts and up her thighs. "P-princess! What are you doing?" 

"Hush servant," Lily said. "You're standing out here looking like this. You beg to be fondled. Slut." 

"Ah!" Amelia gripped Lily's forearms, but didn't struggle or push Lily away. "I'm sorry princess, I didn't mean to." 

"Yes you did," Lily said, talking into Amelia's ear as she played with Amelia's breasts with one hand, and pushed her robes between her thighs with the other. "Look how these clothes show off your form. You're distracting the guards and need to be punished. Whore." 

"I tried to hide it as best I could," Amelia looked back, mouth hanging open. 

"No you didn't," Lily said. "Show off." 

"Ah," Amelia moaned. "You're right. You must be. I should've hid my slutty body better. I'm sorry. Please punish my lewd pussy. I clearly can't control it without you, princess." 

"That's right," Lily said, pushing her hand into Amelia's crotch, rubbing her pussy. "You can't. Without me you'd just be a whore, begging for cock. But I'll calm you down. Beg for me, beg for my hand instead. Tell me I own you, because I do, slut." 

"Mm, yes princess," Amelia raised her arms, submitting. "Please finger me. Use your hand on this servants naughty pussy. You own me. I'm your maid to do whatever you want with. Use me as your toy." 

"Good," Lily said. "You horny bitch." 

"I just can't help it," Amelia said. "I'm a naughty maid who would fuck the guards if you didn't tame me. A bitch like me would be lost without you, princess. Thank you for teaching me." 

Off to the side, Lily watched, watched herself do all these strange things to the castle maid she was usually so friendly with. And yet, the words coming out of the maid's mouth were strangely satisfying even if they were things Amelia would never say. 

"What are you doing?" A voice asked. 

"Wha!" Lily jumped, not realizing she had absently been stroking her own pussy. Her hand was wet, her body flushed. 

"Perhaps this scenario excites you?" 

"What? No!" Lily snapped. "It's...It's just...Belen likes her..." Lily knew it was true. She was always flattered at the way Belen greeted her, but it was purely formal, a royal obligation. She knew by the way Belen talked and looked at Amelia that, as a woman, he fancied her over Lily. It must have been her curvier body that Belen liked. He must not have been into petite women like her, and liked the larger breasts and wider hips Amelia had. I bet she would make plenty of milk for their stupid kids. The cow. 

"So you delight in the fantasy of using her because she is better than you?" 

"Wh- she's not-" She stopped, knowing the demon must have been toying with her again. 

"You are so very bad at this," Belial said. "It's delightful." Lily's vision went white again. 

She reappeared in a room lit yellowish by the glow of fire off wood. She was in what seemed like the central room of an inn. It was large and open with a bar, a crowd of men seated at a table in the middle of the room, laughing and drinking. Cards and coins were strewn about as each of them threw in their hands as the dealer collected them to shuffle. This time Lily wasn't watching from outside the scene. She was in it. She was still naked, with the sudden knowledge that she needed to pass out more drinks to the table. In each hand she held two full pitchers of mead, her only article of clothing a tiny maid apron wrapped around her waist by a string, covering nothing but her midriff. It was nothing more than a spice on her nude body. And because of the pitchers she carried, she couldn't cover herself. 

But she couldn't waste time. The men needed refills and at the head of the table, Prince Belen's pint was empty. She had to start at the back though, refilling each man's drink as the dealer shuffled the cards. They were all a cacophony of laughing and joking and mostly ignored Lily. I'm naked, how can they just ignore me like this? 

"Hya!" Lily spilled a little mead when one of the men slapped her ass as she passed. Everyone laughed at her reaction in unison. She blushed and pouted at first, but knew deep down it was flattering. One of them had at least noticed her, wanted to give her cute ass a slap. At least, he probably thought it was cute, Lily thought. She must have been naked for a reason, so one of the men must have wanted her like this, wanted her nude so he could eye her up every time she bent over the table to fill a drink. She hoped the man who had slapped her ass had been watching her, thinking of all the things he might do to her in bed later. A coy smirk replaced her embarrassment. 

"That barely hurt," Lily said. "Want another try?" She stuck her butt out and shook it at the man. The table burst into an uproar, laughing and egging the man on. 

"Go on," another man said. "She asked for it." They were interrupted by the head of the table before Lily got what she wanted. 

"Lily," Belen's boisterous voice came over the table. "Don't be so coy, I'm thirsty over here." 

"Coming Prince Belen," Lily said. She practically skipped over to him, on the tips of her toes the whole way. She stopped, standing as close to him as she could get as she leaned over his cup, hoping he might eye her breasts or, better, have his gaze wander further down. She wanted him to look at her and see the want for her in his eyes, to know he saw her form and her naked body made him want to fuck her. She was ready. 

"You can have the whole pitcher if you want," Lily said, shaking her hips. 

"A refill is fine," he said. He leaned back. It looked like he was about to put his arm around her, but it went elsewhere. Right to her ass. His hand clamped down on it, squeezing. 

"Eeee," Lily squealed, hardly able to concentrate on pouring. She wanted him to just take both cheeks and bend her over the table in front of all his friends and fuck her. She would have gladly submitted and let them all watch. 

A side door opened as Lily finished refilling his drink. None other than Amelia walked in. That bitch. Not only was she interrupting, Lily well on her way to having the prince use her, but she was even sluttier than usual. Now she was in a thin, pink belly dancer outfit. All of her skin was exposed, only her naughtiest bits covered by thin, pink curtains. Two squares of hanging cloth was all her bulging chest got and her waist was clothed by nothing but a long, silky loin cloth. When she swayed, her pussy would peek out from behind it. 

"Ah," Prince Belen said, standing up and taking his hand off Lily. "The entertainment is here." 

"Wh-her?" Lily said. "What about-" None of the men heard her. They had all turned to face Amelia. She was shying away from their gaze, looking coy and embarrassed. She's not embarrassed, I know she's enjoying this. Fucking slut just wants Belen's dick. Why else would she dress like that? Show off. 

"Ah...um..." Amelia squirmed in place. "The uh...other maids...dressed me up...for...for you." 

"For me?" Prince Belen looked elated. "You look ravishing." 

"I...feel naked..." Amelia murmured. 

"Well," Belen said. "You are the most beautiful among the palace maids. Seeing you like this..." Belen trailed off, but Lily knew what he was thinking, seeing her like that. She could see lust in Belen's eyes, knew he looked at her chubby, naked body and wanted to pin her down and fuck her. But he was supposed to want to do that to her. She was the princess. The Prince was supposed to bed her. 

"No!" Lily said, putting her pitchers down, running, and stepping in between Belen and Amelia. 

"Lily," Belen stopped. "What's the meaning of this?" 

"I can't let you flirt around with this servant." Lily said. "I'm the princess. You should want me. And you can have me. Use my body Belen." 

"Yours?" Belen acted like she'd just said something absurd. "Lily, you are a fine princess. But you are a grown woman and have the body of a child." 

"Wh..." Lily looked down at her body. She was abruptly turned around by a hand on her shoulder. Amelia stepped up to her, pressing their chests together. Amelia's kept Lily at a distance as Amelia looked down at Lily, eyes following the line of her own cleavage. 

"You're right," Amelia said, haughty. "It's like her breasts barely developed. How are you supposed to bear the prince sons with your body?" The whole room laughed at her, Amelia's large rack pressed to her own, making it look like Lily didn't even have boobs. 

"Here," Amelia said. "Take this. It's the same outfit I have on. Maybe you can wear it half as well as I do and attract some old man to knock you up." Lily looked down at the paltry set of clothes as she caught them, not wanting to bear even the meager embarrassment of dropping them. Her whole body was hot, awash with shame. 
