 This Story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Copyright © 2019 by Yshomatsu 

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this story or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. The following is meant for Adults only, if you are under the age of 18 leave now. 

~*~ 

The Fae in my stories are influenced by GigglingGoblin, I recommend her stories if you haven't already read them. Let me know what you think after you've read this story. 

~*~ 

Lerah Stisk couldn't find her friends. It felt like she'd been stumbling around in the strange, green mist for hours. She had been talking to the young, friendly monk, and then turned around. She couldn't remember why she had turned around. Had it been a strange sound or someone talking? 

It couldn't have been someone talking. Everyone was in front of her. Which way had that been though? She turned several times. Nothing looked right. Well besides the mist, the forest itself looked normal. Lerah just didn't know which way they had been heading. 

Did any of them really know? The ranger, Bao said he visited frequently. Yet, he looked confused like the rest of them. It didn't help that no one could see much. 

"Hello!? Can any of you hear me?" She cried out, desperate not to be alone. Lerah hoped to hear one of them answer. Instead, she heard a strange clicking sound. 

There it is! That sound again, she whipped around. The heavy mist made it impossible to see more than a few feet in front of her. Did she dare wander towards the sound? Maybe it was one of her friends and they were farther away? 

The priest jogged a few paces until she saw a silhouette of... what was that? One second it was there, and the next, gone. Lerah could have sworn it looked like a woman. Then again it had looked like a plant. 

Clearly her mind was playing tricks on her. She turned quicker as she heard the distinct clicking sound again. The feminine silhouette stepped around a massive tree. She chased after it, almost tripping over a root. 

"Lux in via," Lerah shouted, blasting a ray of light from her staff. The mist in its path evaporated, giving her clear sight. The plant lady stepped into clear air and spread out her arms, invitingly. 

The priest didn't know how to react. She'd never seen anything of the like before. 

The woman had grayish green vine textured skin with long dreadlock vines for hair. Her eyes were piercing, bright green. She wore a large leaf like dress that wrapped around her chest and extended down to her knees. Her fingers were like little tentacles. 

Lerah's lust filled lungs imagined her fingers taking her between the... no she couldn't think like that! 

"Umm, are you from around here?" she asked, feeling stupid for such a question. This creature clearly wasn't human, nor fae. The mist was slowly swirling, returning to the cleared air. 

The plant creature tilted her head and smiled. Revealing rows of sharp teeth that reminded the priest of an ocean shark. She gulped, suddenly frightened. 

"Wait!" she cried out as the woman extended her arms to a branch and flung herself back into the mist. Her arms had grown like they were elastic. Lerah ran after her, not knowing why. She ran back into the thick mist, heart racing painfully in her chest. 

She stumbled and grabbed her flushed chest. Her mind kept flashing with sexual fantasies. The images had been about the others in her party before. Now, the plant lady kept interrupting, joining in, luring her away. The priest couldn't shake the images away. They just kept coming back, stronger than before. 

It really didn't help that she kept taking deep breaths. The strange mist made her head buzz. Her body was starting to tingle, concentrated mostly between her legs. 

Her hair started to move. It felt like several snakes were slithering around her head. Her eyes bulged as her scream caught in her throat, spinning around. She moved so quickly she became dizzy and almost tripped. 

The 'snakes' weren't actual snakes, rather, they were tentacle like vines. She traced them up into the branches to the plant lady staring down at her. 

Lerah screamed as the humanoid plant leapt down at her. In her fright she slammed her staff down. A translucent golden shield formed around her body. 

The following thud still startled her even though she knew it was coming. The plant lady bounced right off the shield and landed on her back in a shrubbery. 

Lerah pounced and took advantage of her adversary, stripping off her dress. 

The priest stood within her protective bubble with wide eyes. Her breathing was heavy and labored. The sexual image made her knees buckle. Her legs gave out and she fell to the ground, her shield fizzled out. 

She had to stop getting distracted! 

A vine foot slammed into her chest, knocking her back, gasping for breath. Her staff fell from her fingers as she watched it fly away in horror. Her golden hair became a mess, covering her face. 

By the time she pulled her hair back the plant lady was gone. Lerah looked around frantically, rising to her wobbling feet. She heard a tear and looked down. 

The tight robes she wore tore at her waist, before they were violently pulled to the side. Her horror rose to a new level as her outer garment was ripped from her body. 

The priest stood frozen in shock, wearing only her lace underwear. She quickly covered herself up. An arm over her bosom, the other hand covering her panties, a leg bent as she bent over slightly. 

The creature stood before her with its head tilted, appraising her. A long, slimy tongue slid out of the things mouth, licking lips in anticipation. 

Lerah took a gulp, embarrassed, and confused. She couldn't help feel aroused, liquid dripping down her legs. The forest truly was corrupted to make her feel such desires in front of the strange creature. 

The woman appeared to be trying to speak. Clicks and crackles formed instead of words. Frustrated the creature slammed a foot upon the ground and tried harder. 

"Kk—kkni," she coughed and scratched at her throat, "Knigrith," she finally spat out and smiled. 

Lerah stood there half naked and embarrassed. "Umm, I'm Lerah," she said in confusion, eyebrows quirked. 

"Horny?" The plant creature asked, tilting her head. 

"Excuse me?" The priest squealed, backing up. "No, not at all!" 

The plant calling herself Knigrith looked confused, tilting her head the other way. She pointed to Lerah's leg. 

The priest looked down and saw the liquid running down her legs. Her breath caught in her throat. "Not my doing!" She tried to explain. 

The humanoid plant nodded and stretched her arms out to her sides, straitening her back and taking a deep breath. The priest knew exactly what she implied, the mist. 

Each breath she took made her feel more giddy, flustered and hot. It made sense, in a strange, twisted way. 

"I just want to find my friends." 

"To..." Knigrith made a circle with her fingers and started shoving two fingers of her other hand into it. Lerah's eyes went wide in shock. 

"No, absolutely not," but she couldn't hide her body's reaction. Her heart skipped a beat as her hand pressed in between her legs. 

"Don't believe," the plant lady said, "come, embrace." She made a come-hither gesture. 

Lerah felt her body shiver as her eye lids fluttered. She felt a great pull on her mind. She took a few steps forward before realizing it. The woman was dangerous, and powerful. 

She kept walking, despite attempts to stop herself. Her mind kept thinking she was about to be plant food. 

"Shh," Knigrith said, a wave of calmness overtook the priest. Another step and she was walking right up to the odd woman. The strange calmness gave her a moment of clarity. Just a moment, and she pounced at the opportunity. The priest placed her hand on the woman's forehead. 

"Adolebitque," she whispered. Heat flared at her fingertips. 

Knigrith's arms were circling in around the priest as she paused. Intense heat flared suddenly. It started out as a sudden warmth, like basking under the sun. Then it quickly turned to feeling like leaping into a pool of lava. 

The humanoid plant screamed, arms flailing around. The pain was so intense she leapt backwards and ran away, into the thick mist. 

Lerah stood there for several moments before she could process what had just happened. She felt cold and embarrassed. Then she remembered she was practically naked and sought the torn remains of her robe. 

The garment was well beyond her ability to repair so she made an adjustment. Then wrapped it around herself like a towel. Better than nothing she thought with a shrug. Next, she retrieved her staff. 

With her staff in hand she felt holy power surge within her. It acted as a conduit that amplified her gifts. 

"Levis mihi," she whispered. A beam of sunlight broke through the tree canopy basking her in warmth. The mist within the holy light evaporated and she took a deep breath of cleansed air. 

After several deep breaths she started to feel like herself again. Mind clear of temptation. 

Lerah knew she couldn't stay here for long. The creature known as Knigrith would be back. This time pissed off no doubt. She took a step to the lights edge, hoping it would move with her. No such luck. 

She could keep casting it as she went along but that would greatly tax her power reserves. How far could she get before her mind started playing tricks on her again? 

Only one way to find out. With one last deep breath of clean air she stepped out of the protective circle. Instantly she felt her skin tingle as the mist tickled and swirled around her. Short shallow breaths. She just had to hold on and search for the others. 

~*~ 

Meanwhile, the ranger and knight were panicking. They had stumbled around searching for Lerah when the Bard went missing! Why couldn't they stick together like they planned? 

To make matters worse a buzzing sound kept getting louder, distracting their thoughts. 

It sounded like a swarm of bees. But it was much to loud for that. Unless it was a swarm in the billions. Oh lord, that would be a frightening sight. 

The monks were keeping to themselves. They weren't interesting in helping Bao find their missing party members. The ranger knew if he stopped looking back at them that they'd be gone just like the others. 

Their quest had taken a quick turn to disaster. And they hadn't seen a single animal or fae. Just thick mist that made their heads swim. He couldn't tell if he wanted to find the women to make sure they were safe. Or if he needed them for another reason. 

He gulped as he looked over his shoulder for the umpteenth time. His gaze lingering on the young woman. She was cute, in a she could kick his ass kind of way. 

The buzzing kept distracting him. It was almost painful to think. He felt like his heart was pumping in tuned with the buzzing. In turn his dick was engorged and throbbing in tune with it as well. 

He turned back to look ahead and... the knight wasn't there! 

"Why does this keep happening!?" He turned around to ask the monks. They weren't there either! What was going on?!? 

"Don't do this to me! Come back!" He cried out frantically, not sure which way to run. 

~*~ 

Lerah kept moving, not sure in which direction. As long as she kept moving the creature had less chance to find her. 

Every hour or so she'd pause to cast the beam of light. Regaining her composure before continuing onwards. She only ever paused long enough to clear her head. Never lingering. 

One time she had caught herself rubbing her thighs. That's how she knew she had to start making short pauses. Despite the urgency to keep moving. The last thing she needed was to find herself laying upon the ground playing with herself when Knigrith caught up. 

What kind of fight would she put up if she had already given in to her own desires? Well the desires the mist drove her to think anyways. 

She had agreed to come on this trip to help the group if they got into trouble. She could heal wounds as well as deal slight damage. The burn spell she had casted was more like a terrify spell. Its intense heat wasn't real. Knigrith would find herself in a panic but otherwise unharmed. 

Lerah kept looking back, expecting to see the plant woman staring at her. Luckily, she wasn't, at least not yet. A rustling of leaves startled her as she spun around for the umpteenth time. A rock slid out from under her causing her to squeal as she fell backwards. 

The priest landed hard, world spinning before her eyes. Her head leaned back at an angle that scared her. She landed on the edge of a steep slope. From upside down it appeared like a death trap. A long fall through a lot of branches and rocks. 

Her heart raced, causing her to take rapid breaths of corrupted air. 

When she slowly rolled around onto her belly and tried to slowly rise the loose ground gave out. With a scream she plummeted down head over heels. Barrel rolling through branches and shrubberies. 

Her life ending upon the rocks below flashed before her eyes as her voice went hoarse from screaming. Yet, the painful end never came as her body got trapped along the way down. 

She hung in midair panting for breath. The world was truly spinning now, making her nauseous. It took her a long moment before she gazed at her savior. 

She was tangled up in grayish green vines. The texture of them reminded her of that creature's skin. So, she panicked, flailing her limbs in an attempt to break free. All it did though, was cause the vines to tighten their grip on her. 

A tingling in her loins caught her attention. In her struggle she had been rubbing herself against a thicker, moist vine. Her eyes fluttered in pleasure before she got control of herself. 

Fear helped regain her senses. But the creature didn't reveal herself. Lerah thought she had fallen into a trap set by the plant woman. If she had the creature that called herself Knigrith would be along shortly. 

She had to think fast to get out of this. Her staff...where was her staff? She looked around and her heart sank. Her weapon was laying down below in the rocks completely out of reach. Maybe she could concentrate hard enough and cast a concentrated beam of light on to the vine and burn it. She took a deep breath and started to close her eyes. 

A bright red shape caught her attention. It moved behind the vines so she couldn't get a good look at it. Then her eyes opened wide. It was attached to the vines! 

The red lip shaped flower rose up in front of her face, tilted slightly like a curious dog. Lerah didn't know what to think. Her mind was still flashing with sexual images, but she couldn't believe the new ones. The images depicted sexual acts with the plant. The flower against her face as phallic stems pounded her from behind. 

She gulped in embarrassed arousal. It was just the mist playing tricks on her. The plant couldn't really have interest in her like that, could it? 

The flower inched closer and she got a good look at it. There was a yellow pollen like substance building up within it. A feint musky scent met her nose, making it itch. She couldn't reach up to scratch it. Then the flower gave a puff and a golden cloud blew into the priest's face. 

Lerah sneezed several times as her blood began to boil. Her eyes dilated as her breathing got heavy, and shallow. Lust, intense lust filled her heart as a fire started between her legs. She started to hump against the thick vine wishing for her sexual fantasy to come to life. 

The flower inched closer to her face. Lerah caught herself licking her lips; wondering what it would taste like. She leaned forward, straining her neck. The red, lip shaped flower hung just out of reach, as if teasing her. 

She needed to taste the flower! Her head was spinning, struggling to form thoughts. 

"Well, would you look at that," spoke a sultry voice from above. Lerah heard the voice but didn't care. The fact that Knigrith spoke more clearly and sounded ticked off never crossed her mind. 

"My little pet caught a meal. And here I thought I placed it too isolated. You see that pesky guardian keeps burning my babies every chance he gets. Even though the mistress has him wrapped around her finger." 

Lerah heard a huff as Knigrith complained. She didn't care, leaning as far forward as she could. Just a little bit more and she could taste the pollen. With her tongue outstretched she could almost taste it. 

"Awe, did it already dose you in its pheromones?" Knigrith said with a condescending laugh. "It's just so easy to let go and breathe in, isn't it?" 

The priest felt the words enter her mind as her shoulders relaxed. She stopped trying to taste the potent chemicals and just stared at the flower with a blank look. 

"Yes, it feels so good, don't fight it. Enjoy it." Knigrith giggled, "it'll take good care of you. Keep staring into its golden nectar" 

The pollen started to build up, dripping over the peddles. 

"Take a deep breath. Doesn't it smell divine? Wouldn't you love to thrust your face into it? To drink it down. To lose yourself to the pleasure." Lerah felt herself nodding but couldn't bring herself to respond. Her world narrowed down to those red petals fluttering in the wind. 

"I was told to interrupt your group. Perhaps I'll leave you to your fate and go capture another. That man leading you all was cute. I would enjoy wrapping him up in my arms." 

A slimy vine slid up the priest's leg, worming its way to her 'flower.' Lerah's hips started to grind against the thicker vine between her legs faster, and harder, in anticipation. 

"Have fun you two cuties." 

Then the moment Lerah had been waiting for happened. The flower closed the distance, smothering her. A bitter taste filled her mouth as she took a deep breath. The pollen overwhelmed her senses. It had almost been enough to break her trance, but it quickly started to become sweet. Before long she couldn't get enough of it, lapping away. 

The vine sliding up her leg met her wet, swollen nether lips, pushing slightly. She felt the phallic like vine spread her lips. Other stems of the vine slid down her neck, wrapping around her breasts. Soon the robes wrapped around her chest were torn. Her chest met the cool breeze once again. Only this time her eyes fluttered; mouth full of golden pollen. 

Two more flowers entered the scene. These were slightly different than the bright red one. They were faded, almost pink in color. Each had little tentacle like tongues that wrapped around her hard nipples and pulled. The pink flowers latched on and began to suck as the vines squeezed. 

Lerah squealed with delight. When her mouth opened wide the red flower gushed out thick liquid. She choked before swallowing the warm goo like substance. Her entire body started to tingle as the fluid filled her belly. Pleasure overwhelmed her mind, taking her further, deeper into trance. 

Then the strangest thing happened. She felt her nipples drip into the eager, suckling flowers. 

Another vine slid in, tickling the rosebud of her anus. While the first started pounding away at her slick pussy. She breathed in polluted pheromones as she sucked desperately at the bright red flower. 

She couldn't get enough, never would get enough. Pleasure meant everything to her now. She giggled as she realized this was her fate, she loved it. 

~*~ 

Enorim enjoyed a cool breeze as he sat beneath his home, a large tree. The tree didn't look special from the outside. Sure, it was slightly larger than its family through out the forest. The part that made it special was the magical lay-line beneath its roots. 
