 The following story is a work of fiction. Science fiction, to be precise. Any resemblance between characters in the story and any real persons, living, dead or waiting to be born, is purely coincidental. 

In my little world of the future, there are no unwanted pregnancies or sexually transmitted diseases unless having them would be a convenient plot device for yours truly. The author encourages (strongly) the practice of safe sex.

The following story contains lesbian sexual activity and has a lot of plot. If either of these things fails to float your boat, you might want to stop reading now.

--------------- -------------------

It had been an hour since the meeting had ended, and Diamondback was sitting in the Creepers encampment, which had been moved into the city of Bismarck. She was holding her head in her hands and trying to absorb what had happened. She and her Legion squad had traveled halfway across the continent to intercept a potential threat to the Legion's territories. Instead, they had encountered a group of refugees from a kingdom based around the area that was once Seattle. Apparently, the raider bands that had once ruled that area had been driven out by local militias who had subsequently united under a king named Conner. The kingdom had flourished for years, rebuilding some industry and coming up with what sounded to be a sensible collection of laws. Many had debated contacting the Legion due to a general difference in philosophy between the two groups. But fate had given them little alternative. Within the last several years, the Kingdom of Seattle fell under attack from a group worse than any raiders. No one was sure exactly where they had come from but these beings, which were simply referred to as the Savages, had come up from the South, possibly from as far as Mexico. They had no technology and little organization. What they had were numbers and ferocity. The king's spies noticed that these Savages consumed some sort of elixir before going into battle which apparently dulled pain and fear. And they were monstrous in size, as if they had been breeding for size and strength for many generations. Any man they captured was killed brutally and his flesh was devoured. Indeed, they appeared to be cannibals. But a far worse fate awaited any woman who fell into their grasp. The stories of the atrocities committed on women by these things stung even the hardest of hearts.

Attacks by Savages had become more frequent, causing the outer line of Seattle's forces to pull in. King Conner realized he didn't have the resources to protect all the civilians under his domain, so he concocted a plan to get them out. His forces launched an offensive against the enemy, and a small number of soldiers under the command of Sergeant Malloy were sent along with all those who couldn't fight. He had hoped to find a generous spirit amongst the Legion despite their differences, and prayed they might protect these people should they make it to the Legion's territory. 

Overall, Diamondback decided she liked the sound of this monarch. His first priority had been to get non-combatants to safety, which showed compassion as well as brains. But she didn't like the sound of these Savages. Sergeant Malloy said that there were thousands and thousands of them camped outside the kingdom's borders. He only hoped they weren't aware of this departure, as he didn't have enough men to fend off any but the smallest of their scouting parties. Then the weather had turned bad and their march eastward had been noticeably slowed. They had made a semi-permanent encampment in Bismarck because of the strain the voyage had been placing on the travelers. Many people would probably die if they didn't get some rest. And they hadn't seen any of the Savages for a month, so they figured they were in the clear. Malloy realized that they were months away from Legion territory, which is why he was surprised to see the Creepers show up out of nowhere. He had been debating between marching on and just sending scouts to contact the Legion, so they weren't alarmed when a large group of strangers showed up on their doorstep. Probably not a bad move on his part. Malloy and Diamondback had agreed to send an emissary back to Legion headquarters, to be accompanied by Rat. The Sergeant picked his fastest rider to act as diplomat. They would pick up fresh horses along the way, making Diamondback glad that the Legion was in good standing all along the trail home. With the weather improving and the roads cleared, the two riders should make good time back to Manhattan. Rat was not all that excited about leaving the squad, but he was the best rider they had. And when the Seattle rider turned out to be a fairly cute blonde, his objections became less strenuous. They would ride back to headquarters and make the offer of an alliance, and try and get the Legion commanders to send some fire support out this way. If these savages took Seattle or decided to head east, they didn't want to wait until they reached Legion territory to make a stand. This ragtag band of Seattle-ites and legionnaires would move as quick as they could east, trying to put as much distance between them and their adversaries as possible. With the winter still underway, Diamondback was worried about taking the shorter route around the north end of the Great Lakes, so she decided to go around the southern end to Chicago. Chicago was a town that had a bunch of small groups, but nothing that would be a threat. There were plenty of places to hole up that were defensible and it was close to sources of fresh water. They would wait there until the Legion arrived. And somehow, Diamondback had been placed in charge of the whole operation. She was the only one with the authority to speak on behalf of the Legion, and the only one with enough experience to pull this off.

After hours of meetings, they had formulated a tentative schedule. They would stay in Bismarck for a few days, restocking their food supply as much as possible. The Seattle-ites had a lot of horses, but not enough to carry the entire mob, so they were going to fashion wagons out of any materials they could find. They might not go faster, but they could go longer with putting too much of a strain on the very young and very old. A number of horses in the mob were draft or plough horses anyway, and they could do the pulling. Patrols would be joint efforts of both groups. Luckily, these new arrivals had plenty of ammunition, so Rain was actually able to start learning how to start learning to shoot. They had managed to clean up one of the shotguns they had found along the way, a handsome side-by-side with two triggers and a full choke. It could certainly get the job done. 

Unfortunately, all the planning and construction took time. Diamondback was patrolling, planning the route, guard shifts, and overseeing construction. Rain impressed just about everyone with her hunting ability, and she became an essential component in finding food and getting it prepared for travel. When she wasn't hunting, she was learning to shoot, knife-fight and ride. They were lucky if they saw each other for a few hours on a given day.

Diamondback was standing on a rooftop, surveying their progress and discussing some last minute preparations for the next day's departure with Red Back and Sergeant Malloy. At one point, she saw Rain milling around with one of the hunting parties. Her attention drifted from the conversation. Her girl was growing up fast. She was branching out, making new friends and learning how to be part of a community, rather than just a small group like the Creepers. Those were two entirely different worlds, and she seemed happy in that other world. Maybe too happy.

"Captain?" asked Sergeant Malloy. "Are we set then? Or would you like a pair of binoculars?" The two of them had discovered they got along great, so she didn't mind the rib. 

"Okay, HIM," she said, pointing at her second in command, "I have to take that sort of thing from. You can be thrown off the roof."

"So I should go then?"

"Yeah. And yes, I think we're ready to roll. You all get some rest this evening. We have a long day tomorrow."

"See you in the morning."

Red Back remained conspicuously nearby as the other man left. "So, what's eating you?"

"I'm just nervous about defending the rear of the caravan. We don't have enough . . ."

"Wrong answer," he interrupted. "You pretty much zoned out of that part of the discussion looking at a certain young woman."

"When did you become my confidant?"

"When you started confiding in me. I'm glad though. I was beginning to think you were perfect," he said with a smile. 

"Hardly. She's a big girl now, isn't she?"

"Afraid she doesn't need you anymore?"

"I'm afraid she's realizing she never needed me. And we're getting ready to head back towards the one place she doesn't want to go."

"You knew this was an eventuality you would both have to face."

"But we just got everything fixed."

"Well don't go assuming it's broke again. It's a long way to Chicago. We may not get recalled back to Legion territory. We've got several months until the decision has to be made. Listen, we'll cover your patrol tonight. Take a while and sort things out. You've done a good job of it recently, so don't go turning yourself into a mess again for no reason."

"I can't. I've got to make to do my rounds and make myself seen. I've got to convince these Seattle boys I know what I'm doing."

"They know! Most of them are scared of you, for cryin' out loud. You've been going non-stop for days. They believe in you. Now go." He placed one of those giant hands on her shoulder. "Clear your head."

He was right. He seemed to be right an annoying amount of the time those days. She descended the stairs an emerged into a broken city filled with failing light. The campfires were getting going, and stories were getting told. Any Creeper not on patrol would get grilled by the children or by the other soldiers to regale them with tales of their adventures. Diamondback wanted none of it. Besides, her comrades could exaggerate her accomplishments much more elegantly than she could. She took a walk through the downtown area. She often found herself in such places, looking at the architecture and admiring the world people had created for themselves so many centuries before. She tried to imagine what it had been like when people lined the streets, going to work or to lunch without a care in the world. Did they ever imagine that a lone soldier would be the only occupant the street held? That a single set of footsteps would echo on streets that once teemed with young people on their ways to a myriad of rendezvous points.

"Penny for your thoughts?" asked a sweet, familiar voice.

Diamondback smiled. Whenever she least expected it . . . "How long have you been following me?"

"Since you left the meeting. You official people have a lot of meetings." Rain sidled up next to her, timidly taking the soldier's hand in her own and kissing her warmly on the cheek. Diamondback turned her head and received a full, lingering kiss on the lips.

"I've missed you."

"I've missed you too." Rain looked a bit sheepish. "I don't want you thinking I'd forgotten about you. But this is what you were trying to explain to me since the first night in the barn. There's a time for business," she said as she maneuvered herself in front of Diamondback and wrapped her arms around the older girl's neck, "and a time for pleasure." And another slow, soft kiss. Suddenly, a million worries seemed to be lifted from Diamondback's shoulders.

"So, you're not tired of me already? You're not wanting to run off with these wild-men and have your own adventures?"

Rain looked concerned. "You're not serious, are you?"

"Sort of. Listen," Diamondback said, taking a seat on the ground and motioning for her friend to join her, "you know what's coming up don't you?"

Rain sighed. "We're heading back towards Legion territory?"

"And the Creepers will have been out in the field for a year by the time we get to Chicago. We'd been out in the field when we got called on to come out here. There's a good chance we'll get called back to Manhattan for a while."

"I know. But you guys are a scouting unit, right? Why would you get called back to territory you already control?" 

"Debriefing. Mandatory downtime. Looking at new applicants. If it were up to me, we'd just turn around and go back out. But it might not be up to me."

"And if it means you'll be cooped up for months, I'll be waiting one foot outside of Legion controlled land waiting for you." She scooted into Diamondback's lap and wrapped her legs around that muscular abdomen. "You know, sometimes you go looking for problems."

"I have to be ready for everything."

"You can't be ready for everything."

"I certainly wasn't ready for a sexy young woman who seems to have turned my life upside down." It was her turn to initiate the lip-lock. "You know," she whispered conspiratorially, "there's no one around."

"In the middle of the street?"

"What? Feeling bashful?" That earned her a dirty look.

Rain looked around. "How about over there? There's some grass and it'll be more comfortable. (Grumble) Bashful! I'll show you bashful." She was removing clothes every step of the way. Diamondback walked a little behind her, staring at her lover undress. Even the soft curve of her back was sexy. Rain turned around and grabbed the older girl by the waistline of her pants and pulled her close. "You still have clothes on. That isn't acceptable."

Diamondback let the girl undress her. Rain embraced her from behind, then pulled her shirt over her head. This was followed by the young girl digging her thumbs into the soldier's pants and pushing them down past her ass. Rain got down on her knees and as she pushed Diamondback's pants the rest of the way, she also planted her face between those muscular butt cheeks. She savored the smell of Diamondback's sex, wasting little time before devouring it with her tongue and lips. The older girl stepped out of her pants before spreading her legs and putting her hands on the ground, giving the young woman more room to maneuver. She felt a thumb penetrate her body, searching for that elusive spot. But she wasn't going to let Rain get ahead on points. They had actually started keeping track of who got the other to cum first. The last few times they had gotten together, Rain had been closing the gap. So she pushed back against the young girl until Rain was lying on her back. The two of them both had a face full of the other's crotch.

"So, you wanna make this a 'tongues only' contest?" asked Rain.

Her adversary smiled. That girl had tongue like a snake, but how could she refuse. "Ready?"

"Set?"

"Go!" they said in unison. Rain buried her face in deep, trying to see just how far into Diamondback's body her tongue could go. The older girl concentrated on the juicy inner lips and the tender area below the opening. She also was in a position to blow puffs of her warm breath on the outer lips, making her lover's skin tingle. Rain countered by repeatedly sucking the inner lips into her mouth, stretching them outward gently, and then doing a wide-tongued pass between them. The older girl took a page from the younger girl's book and started long, slow lick the entire length of Rain's pussy. 

Being only allowed to use their tongues, their hands were free to roam. Each of them had their favorite points. Due to their close proximity, neither could really get to each other's breasts. So Rain concentrated on the lower back of her lover, massaging those muscles and tracing their fine lines. Diamondback ran her hands down the back of Rain's legs, over the sensitive backs of the girl's knees and finally reaching those toned calves. And all the while, they were licking and nibbling for all they were worth. On more than one occasion, both girl's had to come up for air. Their entire bodies glistened with sweat, and their harsh breathing seemed to carry up and down the deserted street. 

Finally, Rain pulled out all the stops and went for the clit, first by rubbing the hood gently with her tongue, then bypassing the hood altogether. Diamondback tried to reciprocate, but it was too late. Her body started shaking and quivering and freezing up. Rain continued licking even after her lover had cum and her body tried to recuperate. It didn't take long before Rain reached orgasm as well, but she had the victory under her belt.

"Best two out of three?" gasped the victor.

"Fingers?" 

"Go!" The second contest was no contest. Diamondback knew that once Rain was primed, she was easy prey. And Diamondback knew how to use her hands. Two fingers looking for the g-spot and a thumb up the butt brought the soldier victory and evened up the score. It also made the younger girl scream like a banshee. By whatever unwritten rules they were playing by, Rain got to polish her lover off. Strangely, this met with little objection. She pumped her fingers in and out; first one at a time, then two and then three. When the third finger joined the fray, Diamondback saw a set of stars that had nothing to do with the night sky, and she almost drowned the poor girl beneath her with her juices.

The third contest involved use of both the tongue and fingers, which also was won by the veteran. Neither of them had the energy or desire to put up much of a struggle, so they had just taken their time and enjoyed the presence of each other. The two got dressed and returned to camp, both feeling much better.

------------ ----------------

Weeks later . . .

------------ ----------------

They had set out early the next morning. Diamondback overlooked the departure from a nearby hill, and she felt worried. She hoped they encountered no resistance of any kind on their journey. Nine legionnaires, forty trained (but still green) soldiers, and hundreds of refugees could ill afford any kind of conflict. Unfortunately, it only took about three weeks before things went wrong.

She was riding up towards the front of the caravan when she heard shots ringing out towards the rear. As she arrived at the back of the mob, she saw something that sent shivers down her spine. She saw Savages for the first time. There had been three of them, and two were already on the ground by the time she arrived. The third had been shot several times, yet managed to stay on his feet. Normally she would subdue someone in this situation for the purposes of interrogation. But she saw something that she had never seen in an enemy before, and that was the complete absence of humanity. It wore a human skin, for sure, but any part of it that claimed a relationship to the race of men had been swallowed by something primordial. It was a hulk of a creature, almost as tall as Red Back and at least as wide in the shoulders. It was snarling, foaming at the mouth and trying to lunge. Luckily, it had been strung up with lassos by some quick thinking Seattle boys, but even those ropes did nothing to discourage its desire to rampage. It was as if it had no concept whatsoever of what it meant to be captured. It would keep going until it killed or was put down. Diamondback pulled out one of her secondary weapons, a 44-magnum revolver, and put a bullet into its head. She saw Rain standing in the crowd, covering her mouth with her hands. It occurred to Diamondback that while she had buried her family, she hadn't seen them killed. She hadn't seen anybody killed before. Unlike other acts, Diamondback wish she hadn't been Rain's "first time." Not for something like that.

"They're all like that," said Malloy. "They don't seem to think or feel or anything. They just keep moving and destroying. Unfortunately, they do have some organization. This looks like a scouting party."
