 Story contains elements of non-consent.

-----------

"Well fuck me sideways..."

Steve was understandably a little embarrassed by his sudden verbal announcements of his innermost thoughts; a life spent thinking one thing, and then saying another, made the very concept of just being completely honest with someone completely abhorrent to him. It also didn't help that he seemed completely incapable of turning off this wonderful internal/external dialogue. It was simply not possible for him to observe something and not have a snide internal commentary about how he would best use it, run from it or fuck it. A thought process that would likely get him killed in pretty short order if he continued. He immediately looked to the primary occupant of the room for answers.

Illuminated by the sunlight streaming through the skylight above her, she sat in a relaxed fashion atop a throne of solid marble that towered above the ground, otherwise the room was almost entirely bare. The room only had a throne, one door at the front and three at the back. What a waste of space. Steve would most definitely have added a few guards and a hunchback advisor with a goatee for extra 'I'm in charge points'. He turned a shade of crimson when he realized he had unwillingly vocalized said idea.

The Lizard-kin on throne was pure white. Where the other lizard-kin were black, she was an incredibly pale shade of blue. She was most definitely the Lizard-kin goddess. He hadn't come to that conclusion based on her position on the throne; he had labeled her a 'goddess' just from feeling alone. He had got the same tingly sensation when he met Talia, and the Lizard-kin was emitting it as well. She was also entirely nude. A definite 'all powerful being sign'. There was just something about the confidence of exposed genitals that makes an observer think 'god almighty'.

"Nudity is a running fashion amongst the goddesses of this world apparently." The words spewed forth from him before he was even aware he had been thinking them. He ignored the stunned looks Saltek and to a lesser extent Sarah were giving him and focused on his investigations. If he was going to understand, he had to observe, "For science..."

Her breasts were on display, and a marvelous and beautiful sight to behold they were. Their shape was perfectly sculpted, as if she had been carved to perfection from the same marble on which she sat. Two light blue nipples crowned the tips of her mounds.

"So they do have nipples..." He paused, "...For fucks sake." He was really getting annoyed at the vocalization of thoughts he wasn't even consciously thinking. The annoyance primarily stemmed from the fact that every time he opened his mouth he accidentally insulted his hostess, which didn't bother him personally, the reason it upset him was that it lowered his survival chances.

The white Lizard-kin was toned. She had a body that stopped halfway between Sarah's bony athleticism and Talia's voluminous motherly figure. If Steve was going to get his head lopped off for his rudeness he was at least going to die looking at something pretty. If Talia was the embodiment of motherhood and fertility, then the Lizard-kin goddess was the embodiment of health and vitality.

Steve looked up to meet her gaze, he wasn't worried about having been so obviously checking her out, it was just something that everyone did in this world, and Steve was quickly learning the meaning of 'when in Rome...'. The white Lizard-kin had been running her eyes over him as he had her, so it was at least an even trade. 

She was grinning in a fashion that reminded him of Talia, and not in a good way. It was the sort of look that says "I know things you don't know." Steve was not entirely sure he was about to be used for more political machinations that would result in the increased possibility of him coming to body harm.

"Shit," He groaned, only half unwillingly.

It was the bright yellow nature of her eye's that kept reminding him that he wasn't looking at Talia. The two goddesses felt incredibly similar to his senses despite the fact they were a completely different species.


"Welcome Steve, envoy of the Werewolf Tribes, I am Bridgett, Goddess of Navigation." The white Lizard-kin said boomed. She sounded quite happy. This was a good sign that she wasn't offended by his actions. Steve was glad for that, because he had no clue as to how to respond correctly in his official capacity as envoy, especially considering his earlier indiscretions. 

He wasn't even sure there was a polite way to move on from the words 'so they do have nipples.' He didn't get much longer to ponder his response before his mouth decided to move ahead of his mind.

"Sup, that chair looks really uncomfortable," He told her. "You're also really hot by the way. Just saying." ,Oh how he wanted to roll over and die just then, "Fuck you, head."

Steve had always thought himself to one degree or another a well-spoken gentleman, but he knew those words came from the heart. Someone was going to pay for shattering his carefully erected image of himself as a charming rogue.

Bridgett on the other hand looked like she was trying not to burst into giggles. He could pretty easily guess as to who was responsible for his sudden bout of truthfulness. 

He knew what this little charade was about; she was subtly making a point to him, right from their first meeting. She had the ability to destroy him with her magic and she wasn't afraid of him. It was basically a re-run of his first meeting with Michael, only a lot more subtle, and it hurt his pride a whole lot more. 

God he hated this world's way of making friends.

"Perhaps it would be best if we spoke alone Steven," Bridgett said. "I wouldn't want anyone to misinterpret our little jokes."

In other words she wanted to get rid of witnesses to their conversation, which would be fine with him, except for the fact that he would be completely defenseless without Sarah by his side. Unfortunately he wasn't really being given a choice, it was either do as she said, or he would completely destroy any faith Sarah and Saltek had in him with his truthfulness. He didn't even know if Sarah would be able to do anything against magic anyway.

"Sarah, would you wait outside for a moment?" She did not look happy with his request, but she mutely nodded before leaving with a confused Saltek in tow. 

The door had barely clicked shut before Bridgett leaped from the throne and was standing in front of Steve. Steve had to will himself not to take a half step back as she circled around him. He didn't choose to stand his ground to save his tattered pride, it was just that her close proximity meant he could head-butt her and run if he felt endangered enough to attempt such a suicidal course of action. It wasn't a great plan, but it was better than none.

"Steve I'm sure by now Talia has given you a rundown of the current reality of our status as 'goddesses'. I am not going to waste time playing games, I know who and what you are, and I can destroy you easily if you fail to do as I say."

Yep, he was screwed. He was saved the pain of having to vocalize that thought because whatever power had been working on him had stopped. He thanked god for small mercies. Bridgett continued on with her little 'I win' speech.

"I'm sure Talia took singular delight in explaining that she was the one who summoned you to our world. That is a lie, there were three of us who summoned you. Each for our own reasons. I don't care if you believe me or not, all that matters is that I have you by the balls and I have need of your services. If you do as I say I'm sure our relationship will be entirely pleasant." She turned to whisper in his ear.

"Im sure I can think of many uses for a young human male that will be entirely enjoyable for both of us," she cranked the smile up from 'grinning' to 'psycho smile'. "If you choose to defy me however, things will get incredibly unpleasant for you."

"I can assume Talia is aware of your plans for me?" Steve inquired. He was entirely sure that Talia wouldn't be willing to share her tool for world domination with two other goddesses who likely had the same ideas, abilities and power. He couldn't see how she could monopolize him with the other two breathing down her neck. He was now entirely sure Talia had been selective in what she told him, or outright lied.

"Of course, after all, all three of us have ownership of you; she has to share even if she doesn't want to, it actually worked out rather well, with you acting as envoy in my kingdom, Michael can't get his paws on you." Great, so he was part of a timeshare between three power-hungry gods, one of whom he had never met and he had no idea of which species she was. 

She rolled her eyes before continuing. "You don't need to be so upset; you get to stop a war between two races and save thousands of lives. A little bit of forced servitude in the name of a higher power isn't going to kill you. Probably."

"Right," Steve nodded feeling distinctly ill. "So what do you want me to do?"

"First... Strip."

Steve genuinely pondered if all creatures of Sapheros did all their thinking with what was between their legs. He grudgingly began unbuttoning his shirt.

Steve had been completely nude in the middle of a werewolf camp prior to now so this shouldn't have fazed him. Alas that had been in the spur of the moment, and now in the middle of an empty room with a single audience member who was completely rapt as she watched his every move, he was feeling more than a little self-conscious.

He had just pulled the shirt off and was in the process of unzipping his pants when she suddenly shrieked, "Stop!" 

Steve froze mid zip. He looked up to see that Bridgett had turned around and was staring very intently back at her throne, and basically anything that wasn't him. 

"That is enough," She said softly. Steve was relieved, and also a little irritated. He may have resented being treated like a walking penis, but he still did have a penis attached to him, and it was annoyed that the party had been interrupted before it had been allowed to make an appearance.

"Why?" Steve asked.

"That is enough, you are dismissed; Saltek will show you to your quarters." Bridgett glanced at him before sharply looking away.

Steve didn't know what to say. He put his clothes back on and moved to the door he came in through. Had he been tested? Had he failed? What the hell just happened? He simply groaned and hoped his room had a soft bed. 

He didn't plan to do any sleeping. He just had to find a suit of armor first to protect him from any raunchy goings on, and maybe a tin hat so he wouldn't go lust crazed again from accidental magic usage. He didn't think either of those things would properly protect him, but it was worth a shot.

-------------

Bridgett waited for the door to click shut before she squealed in delight. She could feel herself blushing as she thought over what had just occurred. She had spoken to a male! In the flesh! A human one at that! She had even got him to do what she said! 

Albeit she may have gotten embarrassed when he actually did strip, but that was to be expected. She was a refined lady after all. She would be much calmer next time.

She had been caught off guard anyway. She had prepared a set of armor for their first meeting, but the convoy had arrived way ahead of schedule. When the knock on the door came she had been in the middle of an experiment on new forging techniques in the back room, it was much more comfortable to go nude and feel the heat on her scales. 

She had barely enough time to wash off the soot in a nearby basin before climbing onto the throne and bidding the envoy entry. She hadn't even remembered that she was completely nude until she saw Steve and Saltek's eyes widen, the werewolf hadn't even batted an eye. Savage. The only thing she could do to distract him was turn on the absolute honesty magic. It had worked, but it had certainly made for an awkward first meeting. Nipples indeed...

Bridgett sat down on her throne. She was a proper lady and a goddess of the Lizard-kin people, and she would not lose her mind over the first male she met, even if he was her fated mate and they had met with her as naked as the day she was born. 

She had managed to get him under her thumb regardless; all of her research on werewolf subjugation had not been in vain. If his time amongst the werewolves had warped his views, then she would court him in their barbaric ways, and then re-educate him in civilized ways once he was hers alone. It was the perfect plan.

She had been completely surprised when Talia had contacted her with the plans to bring a human to their world. When she had thought about it later she decided Talia had likely chosen her and the other goddess because she didn't fear them enough to challenge her plans. A grave mistake on her part. Bridgett may have been a less vocal part of the pantheon of goddesses, but she was forged from the same steel as the rest of them.

Bridgett had always held an anti-war stance that the aggressive werewolf had likely decided was weakness. Bridgett chose not to fight pointless wars because she was patiently awaiting the moment to strike decisively, a moment that would soon be at hand. The Lizard-kin may not have been as numerous as the werewolf tribes, but they were infinitely better armed.

Talia may have had the upper hand by being the first come into contact with Steve, but Bridgett would inevitably be the one he chose to side with. At which point ruling over the other species of Sapheros would be child's play.

A lifetime stuck in this castle with only the occasional letter from dignitaries or banter with her female guards meant that she may not have been as worldly wise as her other godly sisters, but she had read more books and done more research than all of them combined. Her own country was significantly more technologically advanced than others, in large part due to her own discoveries. She may have had to bring in architects from the Insect Kingdoms to design parts of her capital city, but the rest of it was her own design.

Once she had a human mate by her side she would subjugate the other species and lead her world into a utopia of technological marvels. Her plan to do that was simple, she would seduce Steve, destroy the pro-war faction, and once it was time for him to be moved onto the third goddess, she would be secure in the knowledge that his heart belonged to her alone. While she may not have known exactly who the third goddess that cooperated in the summoning ritual was, she had her suspicions. 

She would have to send Saltek with him for protection. She certainly didn't trust the mangy mutt Talia had sent to accompany him. The mutt 'Sarah' had been staring at her most insolently the entire time she was in the room. She would need that dog to learn a lesson from its betters, and she had a few ideas as to how she might organize such a lesson.

For the moment though she needed to distract herself from the itching between her legs. A sparring session with the captain of the guard, followed by a 'servicing' from the poor woman when the captain inevitably lost...

-------------

Saltek and Sarah were predictably waiting outside. The pair looked at him intently, neither said anything, but he was entirely sure they were wondering as to why he had apparently lost his mind and started spouting gibberish. Steve didn't even have to think his response over. Ignore it until someone asked. The typical response of any male that knew he was in deep shit.

"Ah Saltek, would you mind showing me and Talia to our rooms. I would like to see where I will be staying. Could you also rustle up some armor after we arrive? I am just dying to inspect Lizard-kin craftsmanship up close."

Saltek paused, looked like she wanted to ask a question, then thought better of it. A decision Steve was incredibly thankful fo. The trio began moving down the halls deeper into the mansion. The trip didn't take long and before he knew it they were in front of their rooms, in what he assumed were the guest quarters.

He could only assume they were the guest quarters because he was pretty sure that the room had been a dining hall a few hours previously, and had been refitted in great haste when he had made it known he wished to stay with the Royal House. The hastily scratched out "Dining Hall" above the door led credence to his theory.

The Lizard-kin had evidently tried to hide the fact that the Royal House had no official guest quarters by grabbing the largest room they could and filling it with the most decadently pointless shiny crap possible, before finally shoving in a bed that was big enough to comfortably sit an elephant (Or Elephant-man) on it. For all Steve knew that may have been its original purpose. 

Steve found the massive gaudy room a bit distasteful and a criminal waste of space, but he wasn't going to show it. Never look a gift horse in the mouth... unless it's Greek. Fortunately the Lizard-kin were not Greek. He still let Sarah go in and check the place first. Assassins were not always kind enough to let you settle in before poking you with sharp things.

Once Sarah nodded Steve in, he great fully sank down on an armchair. Once he had cast off around eighty percent of its mass in sequined cushions. Sarah moved to stand by his side, like a loyal pit-bull. He often wondered if she got tired standing around all the time, but it would have been rude to ask when she was trying so hard to be the perfect guard. It was endearing in a creepily obsessive way. Steve liked creepy obsessive when it was followed by 'about his safety'.

The pair waited in companionable silence while Saltek wandered off to go get his armor. The armor was going to be his protection for when he was out in public, and in the bedroom. He seriously had no idea how werewolves might survive a sustained love making session. It might even be a trait to weed out the weak. Steve grimaced at the concept.

He was tempted to ask for a sword as well but eventually decided against it. If he actually had a weapon then people might assume he needed one to protect himself. He had no idea how to use a sword, and if any fighting did take place he would be much better off hiding behind Sarah pretending he was above the need to actually fight. 

He was in a peculiar situation where presenting himself as vulnerable as possible made him seem all the stronger for it. A sword was simply not an intelligent option for him. He was a bastard, a liar and a scoundrel, but most definitely not a warrior. He would play to his strengths.

He could likely get away with armor because it was part of Lizard-kin culture to wear it and he could pass it off as trying to fit in with the locals. He would have suggested Sarah get some as well, but he had seen the disdainful looks she had used whenever the word 'armor' was mentioned. Werewolves must have had a 'macho' no armor rule, and if she didn't want to wear it, he wouldn't make her. She knew best how to kick ass and take names, all he had to do was not intervene in her decisions in that regard. Her happiness correlated directly with his survival.

Saltek returned carrying a full set of plate mail. It was a really exquisite set of armor that Steve was entirely sure was worth a small fortune. It was even human sized, which came as a surprise. It was also entirely useless to him. 

He may have wanted armor, but he wanted to be able to run away even more, and plate mail was just too heavy and cumbersome. Also plate mail would have made acts of intimacy impractical, which was just plain not an option with his burgeoning libido. 

His priorities may not have been entirely wholesome, but they were practical. He had to acknowledge that his body was being affected by forces beyond his control and take measures to protect himself accordingly. He couldn't afford to be crippled every time the urge to mate overcame him. 
