 "Much to Dawn's behest, we're finally here..."

With everyone settled in their seats, Britney addressed the room in the grand lobby of a decrepit mansion. The petite girl's blonde hair was fixed in a messy bun. "30 years ago, a man named Barry Fantastico owned this—at the time—luxurious mansion. He was a porn producer. They called him King X, the porn king of New Orleans."

"And then?" Mandy asked with boredom from the sofa. The tan girl smacked on her gum while twirling her brunette hair around her finger.

"Now, now. Dawn spent many months researching this." Britney gestured to the thin girl standing at the window.

Dawn watched the rain patter the glass, her strawberry blonde hair in a ponytail. She pushed her large glasses up the bridge of her thin, pointed nose. "It's always helpful knowing the background anyways."

"Months? How deep did you dig?" Mandy shook her head in shame at Dawn. "You sound obsessed."

"As I was saying, Barry Fantastico lived a fast life of booze, cocaine, and sex. Lots and lots of sex," Britney sped her speech up. "So much so, that while throwing an orgy at his mansion—this mansion—his heart gave out and he died right here, right where we stand."

"Cool!" Teal uttered from the piano bench. A bright beam showed across the blonde's heart-shaped face. "But, I thought ghosts usually haunt places when they have unfinished business. It seems he died doing what he loved, so why..."

Dawn pondered from the window. She turned to the team as lightening flashed upon the side of her face. Before she could offer a reason, a voice interrupted her.

"He died doing what he loved, but I'm assuming he didn't finish."

The girls swung their sights to the open hallway.

A gangly young man stood under the arched threshold. His boney arms stuffed with cameras, lights. A wire, which led to something, coiled around his long neck. He combed a loose black strand of hair back to his parted haircut.

"Cal, is everything set up for the hunt?" Britney asked with a strong tone.

"Jah-just a few more things," Cal replied sheepishly.

"Then you don't have time to chat, now do you?" Mandy barked over her shoulder.

"N-no. I guess not." Cal shot a fleeting glance over to the thin figure in the window. Dawn returned the warm smile.

Noticing the exchange, Britney cleared her throat. "Run along now, Cal. We're 'Live' tonight on our website, so I don't want anything malfunctioning. We need viewers."

Cal nodded with haste and scurried away.

"Good." Britney looked over her team once again. "The most contact is reported here, in the lobby, and upstairs in his bedroom. But I want a sweep of the whole house and then we'll meet back here at the end of the night."

The girls nodded.

"Dawn, you're with me and Cal," Britney said. "Mandy, you're with Teal—"

"C'mon!" Mandy's face soured. "Again?"

"Awe! We have fun!" Teal said with enthusiasm, a ball of energy.

Mandy huffed, unable to return Teal's level of happiness. "Great..."

"Oh and one other thing," Britney said, "Dawn says the spirit has a way of, um, making you hot and bothered, so let's try not to get possessed. Got it?"

The girls made a face at Dawn to which she responded with a shy shrug. "It'll bump up our viewership," Dawn joked.

***

With a flashlight, Britney eased through the basement with Dawn at her side. Cal trailed them with camera in hand. Dust layered everything: abandoned cabinets, desks, and boxes. Spider-webs decorated the corners. "Can we speak with Barry Fantastico?" Britney asked the room.

Dawn checked the device in her hand. It was in the shape of a cross with green lights blinking up and down and from side to side. "I got nothing."

"What's our viewer count?" Britney asked.

"You don't want to know," Cal replied.

"Dammit! We need something to—" Britney swept the dark basement with her flashlight and suddenly stopped. She perked up.

Against the far side, the beam highlighted an oil painting on the brick wall; a couple copulating in the forest. At the base of the painting set a dusty leather book.

Britney hurried over with an enthusiastic glow. "This could be interesting."

"What is it?" Dawn asked, inching over Britney's shoulder.

Britney brushed her palm over the face of the book, clearing the dust. A picture graced the cover, which replicated the painting on the wall. She opened it and thumbed through the pages. All three leaned into the book as Britney flashed the light upon the image.

Barry Fantastico was drawn as a cartoon character. He had slicked black hair—which shimmered from pomade—a thin moustache, and a shredded torso. His large cock was comically erect, stiffened longer than both arms. He gripped it with his hands and leaned back like a fisherman reeling in a whale.

Britney glanced up to her friends, and as they all met eyes, they busted into laughter.

"What the hell?" Dawn situated her glasses for a better look.

Britney pointed to the written words underneath Barry. "It seems my heart has been damaged by the fast life I chose to live."

Dawn curled a brow while turning the page in Britney's hands.

Page two showed a drawing of Barry in an expansive lobby filled with nude sleeping bodies. They all had color, fine detail. They piled around him, leaving only a small area in the middle of the floor. Barry occupied the space with a clean-cut doctor and an old hump-back witch.

"The doctors could do nothing..." Britney read on. "...so with nowhere left to go, I turned to a Voodoo priestess."

While holding the camera on the two girls, Cal peered over his shoulder, leery of his surroundings. He checked his phone. "Umm... our viewership has grown to a hundred."

"Hells yeah." Britney turned another page. "They like this naughty ish."

On page three, Barry faced the readers. His palms pressed against the page as though locked behind an invisible door.

"The Voodoo priestess was very clear about what she could and couldn't do," Britney continued reading. "She stated that I could no longer live in this vessel I've destroyed, but I could spirit walk, being subservient to others' sexual needs."

"Well, tickle me fancy." Britney rotated her head to Cal and then to Dawn with a smirk. She then continued on. "By saying 'Fuck me, Barry' in the mirror three times, I shall arise and give you immense pleasure..." Britney looked up from the book. "Is that so?"

Dawn and Cal shared fearful glances.

Britney took the walkie from her belt buckle and spoke into the device. "Mandy, Teal, copy?"

"We're here!" Teal said spiritedly.

"Are you guys near a mirror?" Britney asked.

"Viewer count is up to a thousand," Cal alerted.

"Teal?" Britney said into the walkie.

"Yeah, yeah!" Teal's voice cut through the fizz of static. "Just passed a bathroom. Why, what's up?"

***

"Fuck me, Barry! Fuck me, Barry! Fuck me, Barry!"

In the bathroom's gloom, Mandy and Teal stared into the dingy mirror, conjuring up the sex spirit. Flashlights shone from underneath their chins, giving them a spooky appearance.

Mandy sighed. "This is silly—"

An image of Barry flickered in the mirror. They spun around. He materialized before their very eyes. He appeared faint, like a smoky hologram, with a look of confusion. He observed his arms, naked body, to his long hard cock. "I feel funny..."

Mandy and Teal jumped back into each other's arms and cuddled close.

Barry turned his attention on the frightened girls. "You summoned me?"

"Well, wa-we um..." Mandy stammered until Barry reached out and caressed her cheek with his ghostly hand. His fingertips dissipated upon contact, but the touch tickled her pussy. "Oo!" She flinched to grab her crotch but stopped herself.

"And you..." Barry grazed his fingertips along Teal's pointy chin.

Teal shivered but warmed to his touch. "Yes. We, uh, we summoned you. Wha-what do we get?"

"Immense pleasure..." Barry said with a gentle smile.

"I'm um... sure." Mandy checked Teal's reaction. "Sure, right?"

Teal was mesmerized by Barry's dark eyes. "...sure."

Without a thought of the camera in the upper corner, Mandy shakily pulled her tank-top over her head and unfastened the black bra from her sun-kissed breasts, tiny brown areolas.

Locked in a trance, Teal did the same. She removed her Ghostbusters tee and red bra. Her perky breasts curved up at her pink coin-sized nipples.

They continued stripping out of their wardrobe as Barry ogled with an insatiable hunger. Once completely nude, the girls squared their shoulders and awaited his command.

"Turn..." Barry softly said to Teal.

Teal shuffled around, facing the mirror, and planted her palms against the counter. Her heart beat rapidly. Her mind buzzed with anticipation.

"On the counter..." Barry instructed Mandy.

Mandy plopped her flat ass across the cold surface. Her breasts rose and fell with each heated breath, nipples hardened.

While gathering between Mandy's warm, trembling thighs, Barry reached over to Teal. His fingertips ran over her trimmed blonde bush and tickled her wet clit. She clenched her thighs and thrust forward, trapping his hand between her pussy and the drawer beneath the counter. While massaging Teal, Barry directed his sight back to Mandy. He inched closer and slowly entered her with the tip of his smoky cock.

Mandy ground her teeth from the fullness.

While stuffing her to the hilt, Barry looked to the ceiling in recollection of a warm, tight pussy. He furrowed his brows and tilted his head downward as he slid back out. "What's going on? Do you feel that?" He gained momentum, bouncing Mandy's breasts. His hand vigorously worked Teal's clit, sending her to the balls of her feet, on her pink pedicure toes.

"Ye-yes! Um-hm!" Mandy crossed her ankles behind Barry's back. She licked her lips before pinching them together, but a long grunt forced its way out. "Gggghhh!"

"Something's not right..." Barry suddenly stopped, seemingly frustrated. He unlocked Mandy's ankles and moved aside, snuggling up behind Teal.

"What's not..." Mandy caught her breath while fanning her red cheeks. "...what's not right?"

Teal widened her stance. Upon feeling the head of Barry's cock graze her outer-lips, she backed on top of it. The tip stretched her, knocking her forward to her toes once again. Her thighs smacked the counter. "Shh-shh-shh..." Teal quivered. Her perky breasts jiggled from the hardy pumps. The itch was so intense that it almost made her cry. "Woo! My!"

Barry hammered like a mad man. He appeared frustrated he wasn't getting the same pleasure as them. He pounded away, tugging her into each blow.

Teal's legs shook, so she planted her feet firmly, curled her toes into the rug. An itch worked its way up from the bottom of her feet, to her pussy, which contorted her face. She squinted but her mouth fell open.

Barry released a labored sigh but continued nonetheless. He grabbed a fistful of her blonde hair and held her head in place, so she could stare into the eyes of her orgasmic reflection as he took her from behind. He reached over to Mandy, in-between her spread legs, and began rubbing her bald mount.

Teal closed her eyes and allowed the orgasm to wash over her. Her body locked up, quaked, as she strained. "Ooo—gghhhh!"

Barry growled in anger. He pulled out of Teal, leaving her facedown across the countertop. He then took a knee in front of Mandy, delved between her open legs, and devoured her center.

Mandy became light-headed. She thrust her hips up on his mouth, gyrating on his chin. Numbness ran down her legs, so she wiggled her green pedicure toes. She pinched Barry's head between her slim thighs. He roughly slurped which sent vibrations through her clit and caused her to shiver. "Fa-fa-fa-fuck..."

Barry licked her residue from his lips but failed to taste anything. Aggravated, he stood and entered Mandy with a quickness.

"Oh! King X—Oo!" Mandy's face twisted in pleasure. "Ooohhh!"

***

A gust of wind blew through the basement. Dust scattered in the air. Pages of the book fluttered.

"We've just reached a hundred-thousand viewers," Cal said.

"What the hell is going on up there?" Britney eyed her two friends.

"Hang on..." Cal shuffled through the apps on his phone. "Lemme check the video feed—"

Before Cal could finish his sentence, Britney dropped the book to the concrete floor and darted upstairs.

"Brit!" Dawn shouted but Britney was long gone.

***

Britney exited the basement. A cold draft swept through the hallway and sent an icy chill up her spine. At the end of the hall, the back door was wide open. The frigid air chased rain inside, making the curtains shiver. She ignored it. She raced up the staircase and came to the first door on her right. It was wide open.

In the unlit interior, Mandy and Teal bent over the surface of the counter without a stitch of clothing. Their cheeks rosy, bodies perspired, and hair disheveled. Their vacant gazes revolved to Britney. "Come play with us," they said in a creepy monotone. 

Britney's eyes grew in size. She back-pedaled out of the room and bumped the hallway banister. She spun to the staircase. Before she could make her escape, wind shot out and swirled around her body, unraveling her blonde bun and tickling her crotch. "Uh!" She staggered back into a neighboring bedroom and stumbled to the grimy floor. Her eyes nervously darted around, unable to settle.

The room was covered in sheets: the dresser, desk, and four-post king bed in the corner.

"There's more, more to tease me..." a voice carried in the air. "Did you summon me to this hell?"

Britney swallowed hard. She didn't know why, but his presence made her extremely aroused. "Barry?"

"You summoned me to tease me..." The voice sounded like a whisper in her ear. His breath tickled the nape of her neck. "The Voodoo priestess trapped me in this prison. I can't feel. I can't—"

"You can't feel this?" Britney cradled his hand, but he jerked away. "Does this not make you feel?" Unabashed, she stripped right out of her clothes. On the floor, she kicked the sandals from her small feet, thin toes topped with an orange pedicure. She unbuttoned her short-sleeve shirt and unfastened the black bra from her perky A-cup breasts, tiny pink nipples. She wadded her top and tried to toss it over the camera attached to the far corner, but it slipped off. After sliding the shorts from her shaved pussy, she posed innocence with her finger to her lips and legs crossed under her.

Barry took form in front of her. Smoke trailed the apparition as he paced, wanting nothing more then to ravage her body. "Give me your feet..."

"My—oh, okay..." Britney sat back on her elbows and raised her skinny legs. She put her heels together and fitted his cock between her soft arches. She stroked his cloudy shaft while her eyes trailed from his huge cock, up the six-pack, and to Barry's face looking down on her.

Barry whimpered like a spoiled brat not getting what he wanted.

Seeing his displeasure, Britney stroked him between her arches with more energy. With her left foot, she pinned his cock against his stomach and used the ball of her right to rub the underbelly.

Barry frowned and swatted her feet aside. He started to mope away when Britney snatched the base of his cock. She patted his member against her cheek, stroked him, all while pulling him to the floor. She climbed on top and pressed her mount against the underside of his cock. From there, she rotated her hips. She rode his length, all the way to the very tip. On the way back down, it slipped inside of her.

Feet tucked over his thighs, Britney bounced on Barry's hard cock. She clawed at his chest, rolled her hips, and bounced again.

Barry fondled her humble breasts. His hands rubbed down her sides, gripped her hips, and took over, thrusting upward.

Britney hunched over on top of him, breasts to chest. Her legs dropped from his thighs to the wood floor. She nibbled on his shoulder, which melted like cotton candy in her mouth. Her bite pressure increased with the tickle growing inside of her. "Uh!"

Barry squeezed her ass and rolled her to the bottom position. He postured up, straightened her legs over his shoulders, and thrusts using just his hips.

"Oo!" Britney tensed. Her face turned blood red. She looked down while losing control of her body. "Oh fah-ah-ah-kah!" She squirted all over his massive manhood. "Oh-my-gah! Oh! Oh!"

***

"Oh-my-gah! Oh! Oh!"

"Brit?" Dawn followed the muffled moans up the staircase. The steps creaked. Wind rushed through the open window at the far end, whistling through the hallway.

Cal eased up just behind Dawn, camera aimed. He checked the viewer count on his phone. "This thing can't be right. We're up to a million views."

Dawn looked at him in shock. She then proceeded over to the bathroom. The eerie gloom shook her to the core. She craned her head around the door and peeked inside.

Two of the crew appeared bewitched: Mandy sat on the floor in a ball, staring off into space. Teal's top-half sprawled across the countertop, face down, with her legs dangling to the floor.

Dawn started forward. "Mandy—"

There was a moan, heavy breathing, from the opposite side of the hall.

Dawn whipped her head around and rushed to the bedroom door.

Moonlight poured through the dingy four-pane window upon Britney as she lay naked across the floor with a ghostly man on top. Her sweaty skin reflected the moon. Her legs waved in the air. Her body stiffened, all the way to her pointed toes.

Cal's eyes widened. Drool seeped from the corner of his mouth.

Dawn yanked him away from the door.

"He's free..." Cal uttered.

A thought struck Dawn. "I have an idea to get rid of him."

"You wanna share?" Cal asked.

"Come on!" Dawn snagged Cal's wrist. She jerked him down the second-story hall, the staircase, underneath the arched threshold, and to center of the lobby.

"What now?" Cal asked.

"Undress..." Dawn began stripping out of her garment.

"Undress?"

Dawn removed the Scooby-Doo t-shirt, bra, from her small breasts with puffy dark nipples. "You mentioned it earlier. He's here because of unfinished business. That's why ghosts haunt, remember?"

Cal hesitantly nodded.

Dawn hopped on one foot while taking off her shoe, sock. "The only way to get rid of Barry is to have sex with him..."

"It didn't appear to work for—"

"...as you."

"Huh?"

"Okay, this is gonna sound weird but go with it." Dawn shimmied out of her jeans, panties. Her pussy decorated with a strip of black fuzz. "You're gonna have to let Barry possess you."

"Ha! Pass." Cal spun away but Dawn snatched his forearm.

"Hey! You get to have sex with me." Dawn hiked her brows and motioned up and down her thin naked body.

"As delicious as that sounds..." Cal zeroed-in on her perky breasts. He reached out for them, fingers twiddling, but quickly pulled away. He snapped out of his brief trance. "No."

"He'll fuck through all of us until he cums and he can't cum as a ghost." Dawn grabbed Cal's belt buckle. "Now, get naked."

Cal grumbled but went along with it. As he pulled down his trunks, exposing his semi-hard cock, the staircase knocked under the weight of heavy steps. A gust of wind blew through the foyer. The curtains tossed.

"Hurry!" Dawn rushed to the floor, to her back.

Cal jumped down on top of her and dropped his hips ever so gently. Her warm pussy swallowed him inch by inch.

Barry appeared in thin air, a smoky apparition. He circled the couple with an evil leer.

Dawn followed Barry with her eyes. A tingle bowed her back off the carpet. She shoved her breasts in Cal's face and then locked lips with him. Her eyes, however, remained wide open and on Barry. Using the heels of her feet, she thrust her hips up onto Cal's semi-hard member.

Cal kept a soft, steady motion while sending quick glances over his shoulder. "This is creepy," he whispered to Dawn.
