 It is the middle of the last Ice Age, about 50,000 years ago. The Neanderthals roam the Earth, but co-exist with recently arrived tribe of technologically advanced aliens known as the Amazon. Aablar has captured a Amazon dominess and her acolyte and is now the object of a massive search. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

1. Aablar came from the Clan of the Bear whose members were amongst the biggest Neanderthals. But even among them, Aablar was huge -- he stood almost six feet and three inches in height and weighted over 280 pounds of pure bone and muscle. 

However, Katnissa the dominess was also nearly six feet tall and sleekly built in a manner that belied her strength. She was perhaps half his weight, with bright red shoulder-length hair and piercing green eyes. Her breasts were firm without a hint of sag, and while they were rounded and well-sized, they seemed small on her large frame. Her were nipples dark red and meaty with small aureoles. Her waist was narrow and her rear was rounded without being generous. Overall, she was a beautiful and very athletic specimen. However, there was a hardness about her face with its high cheekbones, and a flinty shine in her eyes that suggested that she was used to command and capable of considerable cruelty. Althea, the smaller Amazon, was still about five foot six, but her figure was much more of an hourglass, with breasts the same size and a bigger rear on a much smaller frame. Her hair was jet black and cropped short in a pageboy cut. Her nipples were little buttons atop her full breasts.

Even an hour after her sexual encounter with Aablar, Katnissa was still only semi-conscious. She had never known such pain -- Aablar had really reamed her ass with his huge cock and everything from her waist down felt like it was on fire. In addition, her head still rang from his beating. She knew that she must think clearly to get herself and her acolyte Althea out of this predicament. And to think clearly, she must control the pain. As she had been trained, she began her breathing exercises to achieve a trance-like state and lessen the intensity of the pain. Thus, she did not really respond when Aablar returned from Leia's side and untied her wrists and re-tied them again behind her back.

Aablar surveyed his latest prizes. He was pleased with his efforts, but he knew that his success had brought him grave danger as well. The Amazon dominess was extremely dangerous and possession of her and her acolyte would bring Amazon pursuers. He would be hunted more than ever before, but a part of him welcomed the challenge, sought the chance to do battle on his terms, to seek some more victories before his own death.

He now drew some dried meat from his pouch and wolfed down several chunks. Still munching, he passed some choice scraps to Leia and some drier ones saying, 'See if the little Amazon will eat these. And use some of our deerskin to make panties and halters like yours for these Amazon.' 

After satisfying his hunger and drinking some water from his gourd, Aablar 'walked over and stood over the dominess.

'I am Aablar, son of Raritar,' he said. 'What is your name, dominess?'

When she did not immediately reply, he kicked her ribs, viciously. From the back of the cave, Althea reacted with a cry, speaking the savage tongue with her sing-song Amazon accent. 'Don't hurt her any more, savage! Her name is Katnissa Norhill.'

Katnissa feared Aablar would turn on Althea, so she spoke, painfully, 'Yes, I am Katnissa of the Norhill line, one of the oldest among the Amazon. I am a dominess in the Queen's Regiment. My mother is Countess Fiona, Peeress of the Regiment of Susanna. My acolyte here is Althea Spalding, whose mother is Countess Charlotte, High Scholaress of the Temple of Artemis. Our sisters will not rest till they find us. If you harm us, they will hunt you down and kill you slowly, with much pain. You will do well to free us immediately.' With this she turned to Leia. 'We know who you are, Leia. Your mother was a troubled woman -- she fled one of our citadels into the wild while carrying you in her womb. You have been lost to us, but at last we have found you. Don't worry, your sisters will come and free you.'

Aablar listened in silence. Finally he replied, 'I have been hunted by you Amazon since I was a boy. Amazon dominesses tortured my father before killing him. I have seen many of my Clan brothers tortured, mutilated, cut to pieces. My own mother bore three sons, but both of my brothers have been taken into Amazon slavery. Whether or not I free the two of you, my fate will be the same. But for the first time in my life I have control, I can ask the questions. Why do you Amazon always hunt us of the Clan of the Bear? What have we done to wrong you? None of the other Clans are harassed as we are. Why us?'

Katnissa took a deep breath. What did it matter what she told the savage? Her sisters would find him and he would die a slow death. It was a shame to destroy him, for he was such a magnificent specimen -- by far the best and most powerful she had ever seen. 

'You of the Clan of the Bear are the biggest and strongest savages. We need strong savages to help us. You would not understand how we use you. But you are the best.'

* * * * * * * * * *

2. Heretofore Aablar and Leia had traveled by day and rested by night, but now he changed this routine. He spent the rest of the day by the mouth of the cave, ceaselessly scanning the terrain that fell away below them and the sky above. As soon as darkness fell instead of preparing to bed down, he gathered his gear. He fashioned a rough leather collar from deerskin and fastened it around Althea's neck. Then he tied the collar to a length of vine.

He took another strip of supple deerskin and tied it around Katnissa's mouth, jerking it tight and then tying it, fashioning a crude but very effective gag. Finally, he looped a long length of vine and fashioned a noose. He slung this around Katnissa's neck and jerked it tight. Only muffled sounds emerged from her tight gag and her eyes grew wide and then began to fade. He then loosened the noose, and she revived slowly, her chest heaving, her breasts quivering, as she strove to recover from oxygen starvation. He repeated this exercise twice more before he was sure he could quickly bring Katnissa under control. Tears coursed down Althea's cheeks and she whimpered at the sight of Katnissa's rough treatment. But apart from the sounds forced out of her, Katnissa herself endured it all with stoic composure and her eyes soon regained their hard and steely glint, promising vengeance.

'Why are we leaving by dark, mighty hunter?' asked Leia.

'The Amazon will soon be looking for these two,' said Aablar, not unkindly. 'The darkness will protect us. But we must move quickly. You must take control of the little Amazon.' He handed her the vine attached to Althea's collar. 'If she misbehaves, pull hard and choke her. Don't give her any slack.' Leia nodded. Althea would get no soft treatment from her!

Aablar himself picked up the noose around Katnissa's neck. 'You will move quickly,' he said to her. 'Any misbehavior, and I will strangle you.' With this, he untied her ankles and helped her to her feet. The testing of the noose had left Katnissa acutely aware of her vulnerability. She did not resist him and matched his brisk pace as he set off purposefully in the moonlight. Leia followed, and with a few sharp tugs, Althea fell into the march as well.

Aablar led the way down the far mountainside and unerringly led them to a swift-flowing stream. The water was cold from ice-melt, but he waded in, pushing Katnissa in front of him. Leia followed with Althea. They were soon in thigh deep water and Aablar led them upstream, to higher and higher ground, never approaching the shore. Katnissa continued to stride in front of him like an automaton. Leia felt her toes and then her feet go numb from the cold water, but Aablar did not appear to notice. Finally, Althea could go no further. In spite of Leia's pulling hard on her neck strap and the choking sensation this brought about, she could not walk no further -- her legs were numb and she was completely spent. She swayed on her feet and then toppled, face-first into the icy water.

Leia frantically pulled Althea towards the bank. Aablar did not aid Leia, as she manhandled the soaking Althea onto the muddy bank and slapped her face twice to bring her out of her shock. He kept a wary eye on Katnissa, suspecting treachery. But there was none. Althea coughed and retched, bringing up some water. She shivered uncontrollably. 'Cold,' she said, 'so very cold.' Leia wrapped her own bearskin cloak around her and she slowly began to return to normal.

It was clear that Althea could not proceed immediately. Aablar emerged from the water and drew Katnissa behind him. They were in a natural bower, sheltered from the sky by a huge willow, thickly hung over with leafy vines. The bright moon was barely visible through the thick undergrowth. There was little wind, so Aablar's nose could not detect distant smells and he was edgy. His hunter's sense told him that something was not quite right. He dropped his satchel and cloak, tightened his grasp on Katnissa's noose and hefted his heavy spear in his right hand. There was something out there, but what was it? His foreboding grew rather than abated. The hackles on the back of his neck rose and he was sure that danger was near. Was it a saber-toothed tiger? No, even on a still night his keen nose would have detected it. It must be the Amazon.

A moment later her heard it -- a swishing sound, so faint yet so familiar. A Amazon flying basket! Katnissa heard it too and looked up. Aablar pulled tight on the noose and threw himself at her, knocking her to the soft earth and pinioning her body. Urgent rasps escaped her gag, but he pulled savagely on the noose again, cutting them off. Leia and Althea still had not heard it and were transfixed by the sudden action.

'The Amazon are here,' hissed Aablar at Leia. 'Hold Althea down. If she moves a muscle or makes a whisper, slit her throat with the dagger.'

Leia pushed Althea down and drew the steel dagger. Grasping it firmly, she rested the razor sharp blade on the side of Althea's neck. Her hands bound behind her back, the acolyte lay perfectly still. She knew that even in untrained hands, the stainless steel blade would slice through her carotid artery like butter. 

Katnissa also lay still, the noose biting into her throat. She regimented her breathing to draw in shallow soundless draughts of air through her constricted windpipe. The sharp point of Aablar's spear was under her chin and she knew that he could drive it into her brain in an instant.

They all saw the powerful beam of light through the undergrowth. Tracing it back, they could faintly see the winking running lights of the Amazon aircraft. The Clan of the Stag had never been targets of the Amazon, so Leia had never seen an aircraft and she was wide-eyed with wonder. It was moving slowly and the searchlight was making slow circuits over the landscape. Katnissa grimaced as Aablar's muscles tightened involuntarily, pulling on the noose. He drew her even closer to him, their bodies tightly pressed against each other. It was inevitable that this proximity should stimulate him. Katnissa felt his tumescence growing against her rump. Aablar knew that self-preservation demanded that he control himself. Aablar had many strengths, but control of his natural instincts was not one of them. Soon his huge erection was full and raging.

He unfastened the hip ties of the deerskin panties Leia had made and stripped them off, continually choking her completely and then backing off to let her draw a quick breath. Then he brought his sharp spear tip down to her rump and whispered in her ear, 'Try to fight, dominess and I will kill you. I can fuck you just as well dead as alive.' With this he cut the vine on her bound wrists, simultaneously jerking hard on the noose. He never gave her the chance to fill her lungs, so Katnissa fell into oxygen debt immediately. Her arms were now free and her first instinct was to stop her strangulation.

Leia watched helplessly. Mighty hunter, she thought, why do you risk all that you have won? Why do you free the dominess who is so dangerous? Why not kill her and take your pleasure in me and in this weak acolyte?

Katnissa tried to wedge her fingers between the noose and her throat and was beginning to get some purchase, when she felt the bulbous head of his cock at her ass. He pulled even harder at the noose, arching her back and forced his dick head into her. Even with the tight leather gag, the muffled remnants of her scream escaped. He drove more of his huge cock into her ass and her strength began to desert her. Her fingers desperately clawed at the noose, but a red haze of pain was descending over her eyes. But for the red-hot pain in her ass, she would have lost consciousness now.

Then, suddenly, a cool rush of air hit her lungs. He had loosened the noose! But it was only for an instant. He tightened it again and pulled her head back. His cock was now fully sheathed in her ass and he began to thrust into her slowly, watching the powerful searchlight from the Amazon aircraft draw closer and closer to them. He increased his tempo and Katnissa's eyes began losing focus, she could not see the aircraft, was not even aware of its presence, all she felt was the pain of his huge dick in her ass. She was drooling saliva around the leather gag, her eyes were watering but even in this state, her cunt was sopping wet with her vaginal fluid.

The aircraft was almost directly above them now, the beam of its powerful searchlight traversing just yards away from them. Aablar had increased his tempo and was now stabbing into her rapidly, with short inch-long thrusts. Every time he penetrated her fully, his pelvis rammed her rounded muscular rump with a soft smack and he grunted under his breath. Every few thrusts, he slackened his grip on the noose, letting her suck in a small gasp of air. His free hand roughly kneaded her crotch, every now and then inserting two thick fingers into her cunt.

They could all now hear the gentle whooshing of the aircraft engines. Aablar was now pounding her, his grunting now guttural and urgent. Katnissa continued to fight him, but her great strength was worn down and she could only weakly hold on to his wrist holding the noose. Her sisters were only a few hundred feet above them! This thought gave an edge to Aablar's sexual stimulation and he whispered in her ear, 'Feel my cock, dominess, feel how I fuck your ass, within sight of your Amazon sisters. NOW ... FEEL ... MY ... JISM!' This time he impaled himself fully in her and rotated his hips again and again, pumping his semen deep inside her ass. She felt the sticky warmth gush into her innards and now involuntary hot tears began gushing down her face.

The aircraft had moved on, its searchlight beam probing the undergrowth on the far side of the icy stream. Althea's heart and hopes shriveled within her. Katnissa felt only the merciful release of Aablar's withdrawal. His recovery was virtually instantaneous. He had trussed her wrists and ankles with the vines well before she recovered and was breathing painfully through her abused and sore windpipe. Warm semen from his copious ejaculation still seeped out of her ass. He pushed her onto her side and scooping some of it on his hand, began to massage it into her crotch and belly. Digging some more out of her ass with his finger, he untied her halter and kneaded his semen into her firm breasts, roughly tweaking the rubbery nipples between thumb and forefinger. All four of them knew that the aircraft was fading away in the distance.

* * * * * * * * * *

3. The Countess Fiona, Peeress of the Regiment of Susanna was a tall magnificently built blonde. She now strode down the corridor in the innermost sanctum of the huge Central Military Complex or CMC. She placed her face in the final security sensor by the far door for the optical scan and entered the conference chamber of the Council of Peeresses. Vanessa, First Peeress and Queen of the Amazon, sat on a simple wooden throne, surrounded by an elite squad from the Queen's Regiment. As required, they were all at least six feet tall. They were all in uniform -- purple and green leotards with high cut hips and full wrist length sleeves, shiny titanium plumed helmets and black highly shined leather thigh boots. They all wore long barreled pistols holstered on their leather belts, and carried heavy long-range blasters. Their boots had sheaths for long stainless steel daggers.

Fiona wore a similar uniform and sidearm, but her leotard was yellow and red -- the colors of the Regiment of Susanna -- and her sleeves each bore a silver star indicating her rank of Peeress. She approached the Queen and bowed low. 'I am at your command, majesty,' she said.

The Queen leaned forward and drew her into an embrace. Kissing her on the cheek, she said, 'I am so sorry, Fiona. We are doing everything in our power to find them.'

At that moment, the stainless steel door to the chamber hissed open, admitting the Countess Charlotte, High Scholaress of the Temple of Artemis and the supreme religious leader. Since the Scholaresses controlled all learning and science, she was the Amazon Scientific Peeress as well. She was smaller than Fiona and dark haired like her daughter, Althea. She was unarmed and wore the flowing white semi-diaphanous muslin robes of a Scholaress. Her robes were gathered at her slim waist by a red silk sash and under them her white leotard was faintly visible. She too approached the Queen, bowed and was drawn into an embrace with words of solicitude.

The Queen waved both Countesses to high backed chairs by her sides and with a motion of her arm dismissed the dominesses, who retreated to the door of the chamber, out of earshot.

'I summoned you both as soon as I heard. As you know, Katnissa and Althea were on a routine unsupported training mission out of our citadel in the Dacin Alps. The aircraft 'Helena' dropped them off with horses and provisions. They were armed with as usual with non-technical weapons -- swords and daggers, and I understand that Katnissa had a crossbow that she is very good with' (here the Queen glanced toward Fiona, who nodded), 'and had ample rations for their three day mission. The aircraft was waiting in the area of their planned rendezvous. They did not call in yesterday when they completed their three days. And they have not called in today -- it has been almost 48 hours since their last call in. The 'Helena' began a search in the area between their drop-off and rendezvous points just before nightfall yesterday. I have dispatched two more aircrafts to the search. We will find them -- it is only a matter of time.'

'Katnissa often stays out longer than the mission minimum,' observed Fiona thoughtfully. 'But she would never miss calling in to update her log.'

'I have always spoken against these unsupported training missions,' Charlotte said, with a trace of bitterness. 'Aircraft supported dominesses have never failed to deliver us the native Earthmen that we need for our purposes. The regiments will never be required to operate without technical support. All this activity is just to ensure the domination of the military.'

'Come, come, Charlotte, this is no time for rancor,' Fiona said soothingly. 'We must stand united in times of trouble. My daughter is missing as well. As Vanessa says, we will find them soon.'

But the Countess Charlotte would not be consoled. 'You dominesses have always sought domination,' she said. 'Centuries ago, on our home planet of Amazonia, you campaigned to subjugate males and then to eliminate them. We Scholaresses warned you at the time that this would have dire consequences and so it did. The potency of the stored sexual material declined with each passing generation and succeeding generations of our foremothers became less and less fertile. We were within an ace of dying out altogether.'
