 It is the middle of the last Ice Age, about 50,000 years ago. The Neanderthals roam the Earth, but co-exist with a recently arrived tribe of technologically advanced aliens known as the Amazon. The Amazon hunt Neanderthal men for their wild semen. Aablar has captured an Amazon dominess and her acolyte and is now the object of a massive search.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

1. As soon as the aircraft was safely over the horizon, Aablar drove his small party onward. He was under no illusions -- the Amazon search for them would continue. They would soon find the site of the attack and begin to track them. Althea was incapable of walking, so Aablar bound her ankles and threw her over his shoulder. Katnissa was weak from his repeated garroting and anal fucking. So he decided to move over land, hoping that the many miles he had put through water would slow down the Amazon hounds.

Weak and disoriented as she was, Katnissa recognized that they were moving to higher and higher ground. It was getting colder, they were now passing patches of snow and ice and even in the dark she could make out the outlines of vast vistas. Aablar's endurance astounded her. She had been brought up on Amazon science that held that while some of the savages were immensely strong, their stamina was inferior. She had believed that as a dominess, even bound, she would be able to outlast him on a long march. However, she was beginning to flag, while Aablar marched on like a machine, even with Althea on his shoulder. She could see that Leia was tired, but the girl worshiped Aablar and would march to her death if she had to.

As they climbed there was an increasing incidence of ice and snow and the temperature dropped steadily. Katnissa began to shiver constantly, until Aablar wordlessly took off his bearskin cloak and draped it around her shoulders, typing the laces around her to hold it in place. He marched on, carrying his burden, seemingly oblivious to the cold. Even with the bearskin, Katnissa was cold. She thought longingly of the warm temperature shield she could have deployed from her titanium wrist bracers.

By the time the first warming rays of the sunrise appeared, they were on the top of a high ridge. They could see a snow-capped peak that loomed in front of them, with a broad valley on one side and dense forests on the other. Aablar seemed to know where he was going, for he unerringly found a cave in the mountainside and guided them into it. It had been used before, for there were drawings on the walls and bones littered the corners. It was well chosen, for Katnissa's trained eye noted that the mouth was overhung with vegetation making it virtually invisible from the air and while it commanded a panoramic view of the valley below, there were high rocks obscuring its mouth from the line of sight of those at a lower level.

In the inner recesses of the cave the floor became rocky and there was moisture and several stalagmites and stalactites had formed. Some had fused together forming pillars up to a foot in diameter. Aablar bound Katnissa's ankles and then bound her to one of the pillars. Similarly binding the exhausted Althea, Aablar turned to find Leia curled up in her bearskin, fast asleep. Tired as he was, the hard march had fueled his prodigious sexual appetite. He had fucked Katnissa twice in the ass, but that had merely whetted it. He stripped off his loincloth and with relative consideration unfastened Leia's panties and halter. She was only half awake, but his insistent hand and probing fingers at her blonde crotch slowly roused her and aroused her. He was now fully erect and impatient and mounted her without ceremony, driving his huge cock into her wet cunt. As was his wont, he fucked her hard and thoroughly, and she responded in kind, arching and twisting, and crying out. Her cries reached crescendo as she reached a powerful orgasm. But he was just beginning. He continued to piston her, and she came again. And again. Each time she screamed with her release, and by the third time these took on a note of hysteria.

The sight of such rampant penetrative sex was horrifying for both Katnissa and Althea. Poor Leia! To be penetrated so violently by a savage! No wonder she screamed! Brought up from childhood to regard sexual penetration as a religious ritual and a sacred duty required for propagating the Amazon population, they could only view Aablar's fucking of Leia as repugnant. But it left them confused, for they could not understand why such an awful assault should arouse them to the point that their panties were soaking wet.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

2. After Princess Fiona gave her orders to Captain Rhea Candaris, the communication channel was closed. The Queen inclined her head toward the squad of dominesses, and Lady Sophia Stirling, her personal maidservant approached her and bowed deeply.

'Summon Colonel Elizabetha Warren. Tell her I want her here immediately.'

Sophia withdrew to a respectful distance and spoke softly into her helmet communicator. They did not have long to wait -- within minutes the stainless steel door of the chamber hissed open and Colonel Elizabetha Warren entered. She was a very tall and very pale ice blonde with a body that was voluptuous for a dominess. Her rather full breasts were extremely firm and rode high. Her rounded derriere was rock hard and her small waist still managed to display a perfect set of abs. But it was her eyes that held the viewer's attention. They were the palest gray, almost colorless and gave her face a ghostly appearance. Each of her uniform sleeves and titanium wrist bracers bore a single crown denoting her rank. She approached the Queen and bowed low.

'Colonel Elizabetha, I thank you for coming so quickly,' she said. 'We have a terrible situation on our hands. Lady Katnissa Norhill and Lady Althea Spalding have been attacked while on a routine unsupported training mission. They have been out of contact for nearly 48 hours. I would like you should take overall command of this search mission. The aircraft 'Helena' under the command of Captain Rhea Candaris is at the site. Draft as many of the Regiment as you require. If you require forces from the Susanna Regiment, I am sure that Princess Fiona will cooperate with you fully.'

Fiona bowed slightly and addressing the Queen, Princess Charlotte and Colonel Elizabetha, said, 'I think we should call a meeting of the Council of Principals. In such an important matter, we must select our best possible team.'

'Let us wait until we have more information,' said the Queen. 'By tomorrow, we will have their equipment examined and analyzed and the squads on the ground should have picked up the trail. We may even have them back by then, and we will all have happier news to report.'

Charlotte nodded.

'In that case,' said Fiona, 'I shall be happy to command the search in an interim capacity until the Council meets.'

It was well known that there was no love lost between Elizabetha and Fiona. Elizabetha was in her mid thirties and had done her dominess qualification as Fiona's acolyte. They had been very close. Even though Elizabetha was a commoner, Fiona had nurtured her career for many years. However, when Fiona's own daughter Katnissa had done her dominess qualification as Elizabetha's acolyte, she had not obtained the coveted first appointment in an elite unit of the regiments. Fiona blamed Elizabetha for her daughter's appointment to a lesser unit and then for her lack of rapid promotion.

'You are too personally bound up in this matter, Fiona,' said the Queen soothingly. 'Let Colonel Elizabetha command the search till tomorrow.'

Fiona considered her options. She could force the issue, but her enmity with Elizabetha was too well known for her position to be considered unbiased. Elizabetha was now a protégé of Princess Justine Bator, Peeress of the Regiment who was a close friend and ally of Fiona's. Best not to confront Justine over this issue, she thought. Better to retreat gracefully.

'As usual, you are most wise, my Queen,' she said, bowing low. 'Elizabetha, you have my full support. I will leave orders with the Susanna HQ to place all resources at your disposal.' Elizabetha bowed. Fiona impulsively strode over to her and took her in her arms and hugged her tight. In the Amazon custom, they rubbed their nipples against each other but did so cautiously, unsure of each other's reaction. Each felt her own and the other woman's nipples pucker and harden under the thin uniform material. They had been lovers for many years and a brief flash of passion passed between them, ignited by warm memories of orgasm filled nights. Fiona kissed Elizabetha on the cheek and whispered in her ear, 'Find my girl, dearest Elizabetha.'

The Queen accepted Fiona's capitulation with equal grace. 'We hope you will give us the benefit of your advice, Princess. Colonel Elizabetha, keep me informed of all developments. Make sure that the Susanna Regiment HQ is in the comm. circuit at all times.'

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

3. The scholaresses and dominesses were the Amazon aristocracy and had never constituted more than ten percent of their population. The Scholaresses were the scholarly elite and held the highest position in Amazon society. Everything had originally been designed to maintain their power. All Amazon children were raised in state run nurseries and boarding schools. Potential scholaresses were selected at a very young age and went through rigorous educational and physical training. At the age of eighteen, only the very brightest were selected to serve apprenticeships in the Temple of Eos, also known as the Lower Temple. Only by passing a further series of high level tests could they advance to serving in the Temple of Aphrodite, also known as the Middle Temple. The scholaresses in the Temple of Artemis or Upper Temple passed the third and highest level of tests and were at the top of the Amazon intellectual and social pyramid.

The dominesses held a position in society only slightly below the scholaresses and in like manner, potential candidates were selected at a very young age. While they received education along side the scholaresses, their advancement was more dependent on their athletic prowess. Also at age eighteen, the best were selected to serve as acolytes of highly rated young dominesses. At the end of a two-year apprenticeship, only a select few were commissioned dominesses. Those selected were ranked as well, and only the top few were invited to join elite units.

At the height of their power on Atlantis, the Amazon faced no threats and the dominesses had been very few in number. In terms of political power, they had been marginalized. However, ever since the flight from Atlantis, the dominesses' power had inexorably increased. The Regiments had controlled the evacuation, had navigated the spaceships to the life-supporting planet they had named Eartha and had defended the early pitifully weak colony against predators. The discovery of the technique to splice savage DNA into Amazon genes to re-vitalize them cemented the dominesses' control of Amazon society. For the dominesses alone could capture the strongest and best savages for use in the Amazon plans for racial re-vitalization.

The Queen was elected by all dominesses and scholaresses, but was required by law to be a scholaress. She was the First Peeress in the ruling Council of Peeresses, only two whose members were dominesses. These were the Peeresses of the two Regiments -- the Queen's and the Susanna. Apart from the Queen, the other three scholaresses on the Council were the High Scholaresses of the three Amazon temples of Artemis, Aphrodite and Eos.

No scholaress had a chance of being elected Queen without the support of the Regiments. The Peeresses of the two Regiments, together with their cohort Colonels carefully scrutinized all senior Scholaresses and chose the Temple High Scholaresses. Vanessa had been Queen for almost thirty years and before that had been the High Scholaress of the Temple of Artemis. But she knew that she had always been chosen by the Regiments.

Vanessa also knew that she was nearing the end of her reign. She was nearly a hundred years old and age was catching up with her. She was still vigorous, but she could no longer fool the mirror. She was beginning to lose the tautness of her figure and the first hints of sag had begun to appear on her cheeks. The Amazon were lovers of perfection in the female form -- their advanced research enabled them to genetically engineer their children, so that virtually all of them fit one of the Amazon ideals of beauty. The Reproduction and Life Sciences Institute (known as the Health Institute) was the most important center of Amazon science. And while they had succeeded in extending the Amazon life span to 150 Eartha years, they found it intolerable to view the ravages of age. For most Amazon, a hundred signaled the beginning of the loss of physical beauty. At this point they retired from Amazon life to the Exile Citadel far from the Amazon capital of Paradise City. Retirement was mandatory and could be enforced by court order. It was rare for an active Amazon to visit an elderly relative in the Exile Citadel, so retirement ceremonies were very much like wakes.

Who would succeed her? Charlotte was young, just over fifty. As the High Scholaress of the Temple of Artemis and a Princess of the Blood, she was the obvious candidate. However her views regarding the native savages did not sit well with the dominesses. Vanessa suspected that Fiona nursed ambitions of becoming Queen. Like Charlotte, she was young and a Princess of the Blood. She was one of the first dominesses to also serve as a scholaress -- she had earned a position in the Temple of Aphrodite. She had served as a Colonel in the Queen's Regiment and was popular with the dominesses. A dominess as Queen! Vanessa shuddered inwardly.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

4. The HQ of the Susanna Regiment was in outer ring of the Central Military Complex or CMC. A squad in the yellow and red uniform leotards of the Regiment snapped to attention as Fiona approached. She still had to use the security optical scanner to gain entrance to the low building. Her personal staff was assembled in the main situation room and a detailed topographic map of the region was on one view screen while live feed from the aircraft 'Helena' displaying the scene of the attack was on another.

Fiona unfastened her helmet as she entered the room and shook her long blonde tresses loose. 'Patch a link directly through to Colonel Elizabetha Warren,' she said to her chief of staff, 'I want the link with her to be open at all times.'

A second view screen was opened and almost immediately, Lady Sophia Stirling appeared on it. She bowed and addressed Fiona directly. 'Princess, I have been detached from the Queen's staff to serve as Colonel Elizabetha's aide and liaison. The aircraft 'Andromeda' is returning at full speed to pick us up and relay us to the site. In the meantime, we have been told expect a communication from the 'Helena'.'

'Thank you, Lady Sophia,' said Fiona formally. 'I wish you the best of luck. We are standing by to receive communication from the 'Helena.''

Within moments, the view screen linked to 'Helena' filled with the familiar features of Captain Rhea Candaris.

'We have progress to report. At the site of the attack we have DNA evidence of two attackers. One of the attackers has been identified as a savage. The other is unquestionably Amazon, but does not match any active or retired individuals on our central database. One of the mounted squads picked up a clear trail up the hillside from the site of the attack. They tracked it to a small cave over the ridgeline of the canyon. They have forensic evidence of the presence of the Lady Katnissa and the Lady Althea as well as the two attackers.'

Here Captain Rhea paused and her voice grew strained. 'The squad found evidence of a sexual assault in the cave. Copious and fresh deposits of savage semen were found, as well as a substantial amount of vaginal fluid. The assault appears to have involved penetrative sex. Arterial blood, saliva and intra-anal skin tissue have also been found. The semen matches the savage attacker. The female bodily fluids and sexual material have all been identified as the Lady Katnissa's.'

'All forensic material is being relayed back for complete analysis to Paradise City. Both mounted squads are following the trail of the attacker and captives. An electronic signal marker has been placed outside the cave where the assault occurred.'

Fiona listened with a mixture of horror and grief. Penetrative sex! Intra-anal skin tissue! Lady Katnissa Norhill, her darling daughter fucked in the ass by a savage! Hot tears formed behind her eyes, but her face remained steely and impassive. Penetrative sex was taboo with the Amazon and was only performed by scholaresses during ritual impregnation at the Health Institute. Fiona had such a horror of it that even though she had wanted more daughters after Katnissa, she could not bear to go through the impregnation ceremony again. She could only imagine Katnissa's pain and humiliation.

As her imagination conjured up images of Katnissa with a huge savage cock in her ass, the strain on her composure became too much. Muttering, 'My comm. channel is open,' she hurried from the situation room, out of her HQ and out of the CMC into the street. Once there, she used her helmet communicator to open a personal line to Colonel Elizabetha Warren.

'Elizabetha,' she said, pausing only to hear a confirmation, 'you've seen the same report I've seen. I want you to identify this savage's immediate clan and find and kill every non-essential adult. Slowly. Use any methods necessary to get information. When you find this savage, I want him. You inform me and only me immediately. Is that clear?'

'Are your orders confidential?' asked Colonel Elizabetha.

'This is a personal matter, Elizabetha,' said Fiona, 'Inform your women on a need to know basis. I will inform the Princess Justine in due course.'

'Understood, Princess Fiona,' said Elizabetha Warren.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

5. Fiona wandered aimlessly, her mind in a whirl. The news of the attack had confined to the highest reaches of the Amazon government, so the corner news-screens were merely displaying some sports results and the latest results from the labs. The streets were crowded with the lunch hour crowds. Ground-cars shushed by and sidewalk cafes did brisk business. The Amazon favored tight and skimpy clothing that displayed their fine bodies and many wore brightly colored shapes drawn with body paint -- the latest fashion. But today Fiona had no eyes for the beautiful female form. She absently returned the salutes of the few uniformed dominesses that passed her and nodded to a small group of robed Scholaresses. 

Without conscious thought, she found herself outside the abode Katnissa shared with Althea, her acolyte. Katnissa drew stipends from both the Queen's Regiment and the Temple of Artemis, but even these could not begin to pay for her extravagant lifestyle. The Amazon aristocracy lived in the acropolis that was constructed on the high hill at the center of Paradise City. Katnissa lived in a rambling bungalow with a pillared portico in the very highest reaches of the acropolis, within a stone's throw of Fiona's own palace. It was perched on the edge of cliff that fell away hundreds of feet, providing magnificent views from all rooms. A powerful ground-car was parked in the garage. The Norhill and the Spalding families were the only two surviving direct lines to the old Amazon royal family from Atlantis and drew a substantial royalty from the Amazon state.

Fiona placed her palm on the front door identification panel and it hissed open. She entered and wandered through the living room into Katnissa's master bedroom. There was a walk-in closet that was open. Fiona walked in and found herself surrounded by Katnissa's regimental uniforms and white Artemis Temple scholaress robes. She had very few civilian clothes. Her pistol belt and blaster hung on pegs on the wall.
