 "Isis", what a name, she thought to herself. Her mom loved mythology and decided to name her only daughter after the Egyptian goddess. Isis had raven black hair that cascaded down her back and stopped just above her butt. She had emerald eyes and her skin was like porcelain. She was a true vision of loveliness, a goddess if you will.

Isis had been plagued with dreams of pleasure and pain, of good and evil, so disturbing were her dreams that she often found herself awakened sweaty and confused, dazed by the goings on in her dreams. "They were just dreams weren't they?" She asked herself.

There was always a dark presence in her dreams. She feared him and yet longed for him. She was tormented by her feelings for this dark hearted being, if he had a heart, if he even had a soul, was he soulless, was he a demon, could he love, did he want to love, was he just there to put Hell into her life? Isis had so many questions that needed answers.

"The dark lord of the realm of disturbing dreams." Dementian laughed to himself. "Yes Isis I will fill your dreams with all of what I am, who I am. You will come to know me like no other before you and I will know you my goddess. You will come to love me, worship me, and rule my realm by my side." 

Not an easy task for Dementian to take on, for Isis was protected and the only way to get to her was through dreams. So he waited for nightfall, for sleep to take Isis over and for her to enter his world, their world.

It was night yet again and Isis drained from her day's tasks, she crept to her room. She had bathed and was dressed for slumber, her white nightgown clinging to her shapely form, her breasts firm and full, erect nipples poking through the silk, aching to be touched. Isis smiled in the mirror briefly as she brushed her hair. She climbed into bed thinking about the dark prince that she often dreamt about. His eyes of ocean blue, his hair so long and blonde, she laughed to herself at the thought of a blonde haired demon, she always thought they were dark haired. His tanned body so defined with abs that rippled and arms and legs that were strong enough to fend off the worst of enemies.

Isis closed her eyes and let her visions of her dark lord take her to dreamland. She met him there. 

"I am here my Prince, where are thee, I wish to see you." Isis called out for her dark angel.

"Isis, I am here" A whisper came to her ear from what seemed like everywhere. Then there was laughter, deep and startling.

"You tease me." She half smiled half frown.

"Isis, I love you!" With that sentence, a hush came across the realm. Dementian did love her.

"My dark angel, I do know not of love or how you could possibly love one such as I. I am but a child in a woman's body. I know not man or even beast for that matter. I am happy you love me for I believe I may love you. I know not such things. I am afraid of not knowing and afraid of knowing. Does this make sense? I know not your name but I know your face, your body. I know you love me but please tell me your name so that I may shout it out across the hilltops of which it is I love." Isis smiled looking up to see Dementian so close to her.

"I love you Isis, I love you with all my dark heart, yes Isis, I have a heart, fill it with your light, your love. Set me aflame with your burning kiss. Torment me with your mouth, NOW!" In an instant Dementian grabbed Isis, wrapping his arms around her body, she looked up at his face, his lips burning with desire. Her lips met his and so the spark ignited into a flame. The fire danced around them. "I, my lovely Isis, am Dementian, and I will love you always." He broke off the kiss.

Isis held him tightly to her. "Why only in dreams do we meet? I want you Dementian, I know not why or how, but make it so. Make it so we can be together forever, please." Her green eyes misting, she didn't want to wake up. She wanted to stay in Dementian's realm forever.

Dementian kissed her again. The passion flamed throughout his body. His loins on fire, he wanted to bury himself deep within her. He slipped his hand in her nightgown. Her nipples erect, plump, teasing him. His forefinger and thumb worked each nipple in turn. Moans escaped from Isis' luscious lips. Dementian removed her gown and exposed her flesh. She lay her head back and he took turns taking each breast in his mouth, teasing her nipples with his tongue, nibbling, sucking, wanting to devour her. Dementian lay her on the bed that appeared from out of nowhere. The fire blazed around them. He kissed her again, their tongues danced with each others. He kissed her chin, kissed her chest, kissing down her body, he stopped at her belly button, and he pierced it with his tongue and then bit it. Isis screamed with pleasure. He branded her. He slipped an earring out of his ear and placed it through Isis navel. "You are mine Isis, no man or demon will lay claim to you for I love you and you love me." He continued kissing her stomach and gently he spread her legs apart to see the beautifully moist heaven that lay before him. Her glorious mound was swollen waiting to be loved. Dementian did not hesitate to spread her lips and lick that which tasted like Heaven, honey, milk, a woman's essence, a woman's innocence, for Isis was innocent, a virgin. He readied her for him. He licked and sucked her until she bucked under his tongue and all her juices seeped into his mouth. With his pants already off, he eased his hardness into her, knowing this was her first but never her last with him. He felt her womanhood, he gently continued. He engulfed her mouth with his kisses, his tongue, anything to ease the pain that would come when he got through. She grasped his neck as his cock made it. The tightness enveloped him, her moistness welcomed him. Isis kissed him deeply with each thrust, her breathing heavier, she wanted more. He pumped deeper inside her as the flames grew higher. She would be his bride there was nothing or no one to say otherwise. He gripped her hips closer with each thrust he gave, he was close and the pace quickened. As he was cumming so too was Isis. She screamed his name and this pleased him and he lay on her sated, sweaty, but so deeply in love.

...to be continued