 Warning, includes strong sexual themes. Intended for Adults only.

All Characters are 18 years old or order.

*****

Faye didn't really miss her husband, Elmer. After all, he had treated her so horribly... but then again, so did most of the men in NorthGlen... and the women too, for that matter. Faye found herself mumbling beneath her breath a bit and wiping her bulbous nose with the back of her hand - her normal habit - as she hung out the wash on the line in her yard... "sss sss serves them right," she said softly with her funny lisping stutter as she pushed her stringy bangs out of her face, curling it back over her too-big ears. She looked a bit crazy, mumbling and moving about clumsily with the wash.

Her apron was old, stained and worn, as she pulled the wooden clothespins out of the little pocket sewn into the front. She smoothed her rough fat hands over the cloth which looked as though it was patched together, remembering her conversation with her husband when she had asked for new material to make new clothes out of - he had laughed and handed her these rags and told her, "I aint going to spend good coin on you, flat lil' piggy... (that was his nickname for her). Nothin' would help you anyways," he chuckled, "see what you can do with this," and he tossed the old rags on the ground... "And don't forget to leave room so you can stuff them big."

She sighed a little bit and looked down at her short figure... She was misshapen and awkward, and so short that people accused her of having dwarf blood, the top of her head was barely taller than Elmers belly button, he always said she was the perfect height for sucking his tiny cock, which he had her to do several times a day if he was sober enough. Her pudgy belly stuck out and her legs were knobby all the way down to her fat ankles sticking out of her dutch wooden clogs. She was unseemly everywhere... especially in her chest, which was practically nonexistent. She knew she wasn't attractive... Not even close... She hadn't been born ugly - she remembered her brothers telling her she was a cute kid. But her current looks belied her past. Based on her current visage, she looked like she got hit too many times with the "ugly" stick and her pocked-mark face and bulbous nose kind of looked like a pig snout - at least that's what her husband said. But that still didn't give him the right to treat her so badly. Regardless of the rest of her body, she knew that it was her lack of breasts that really pissed off Elmer. If only they had been huge like he fantasized about he might have been a bit nicer to her, but probably not, he was rotten to the core.

In theory, the men did serve a purpose, living out in NorthGlen, they were less protected from the natural defensive magic that surrounded Noblash. Everyone knew that long ago the Horde had come to ravage the people, and that a magic spell had been cast which drove the demons away. Every now and then, one of the evil creatures would threaten the lower outskirts of their village, down where the older mines were. The men would gather their weapons and try to run the thing off. Faye had never seen one... But she had heard the stories and seen the drawings since she was a little girl. Unfortunately, much of the history of their past had been lost to antiquity. They were left in a world that seemed to be relatively safe, filled with ancient artifacts and rare encounters with magical beings that pointed at an older civilization that was much greater at magic than they were today... It was as if most of the sorcerers had simply disappeared somehow. The only thing that folks took to be true was the Decree of the Nobility, which included the Magic Rings and the Preservation of Virginity. The ranking order of class was defined by your sexual attributes. It didn't seem fair. For folks in the Northglen, where the women were plain, flat and unshapely, and the men wore no rings, they were nothing. And for brown eyed women like Faye, she was even less than nothing.

Reaching down, she paused as she pulled a pair of Elmer's overalls out of the basket, frowning at them in contemplation. "Sss ss screw him," she said, and walked over to the pig pen, carrying the garment.

There, standing in the mud, rooting in the trough was a very large hog. It saw her approaching and paused to look at her, with almost what seemed like recognition in its eyes.

She balled up the overalls and threw them at the pig, who basically ignored them and went back to eating.

"There you go, El... El... Elmer! Who's the P, P,... Piggy now? SS SS See what you can do with those!" she spat, triumphantly.

Gwen and Ilsa didn't live too far away from Faye but they had a similar story. It had only been a few weeks since the sorceress had passed through their tiny village located far downcounty, below the southern border of Noblash, where women went who had no status and men who had no rings.

All of the women who lived out in the small mining village were flat chested and unattractive of various degree. In a world where breast size and beauty was a measure of worth, and intense sexuality was a way of life, all of the pretty girls were routinely snatched up or purchased after their 18th naming day and ended up living closer to the Southgate castle and married to some man with either money, royal blood or influence based on his ring color..., and the most gorgeous, bustiest, women lived within its walls or even moved up to the Capital. Faye was butt-ugly, and Gwen and her twin sister, Ilsa, were only a few small steps above her. At least they were ok to look at, but they certainly didn't have any of the physical attributes that any men lusted after. On their naming days, their eyes didn't turn very blue... More like a light hazel. And they had been chastised for it. Some said it was because they had 'messed around' too much, and others simply blamed their dirty heritage. Typically brown eyed women were unable to get pregnant. So hazel-eyed girls were usually accused of low-born heritage. As it was, their lack of pure blue eyes did not make them as ugly as Faye, but they certainly were not pretty or curvy in any way. They had both been married to the same good-for-nothing worthless husband who spent most of his time drunk or having sex with his two homely wives. 

At least, until "She" had shown up... Now there were no men at all... well... There was one.

The whole village had been gathered for the hanging of Cham Ryan. There weren't but twenty families in the whole village, but nobody would miss something as eventful as a hanging. Even Gwen's husband, the town drunk, Potiphar, was there. 

Intense Misogyny and constant horniness was just a way of life... But even so, even though the women were considered property, a man still didn't allow others to mess with his stuff. And, make no mistake, property is still property. Another man can not violate another man's property and get away with it.

And that's just what Cham had done - sort of.

Cham was a young guy, he had just experienced his naming day - which meant that he was now able to take a wife. In a simple ceremony, he had been tested for a cock ring, which was simply a golden ring that was mounted on a permanent stone pedestal in the center of the village. No one knew where the pedestal had come from, but it was obviously ancient, and the ring was immovable. It somehow knew when a man was an adult, any other time, it didn't work for younger boys. But all of the boys and men knew the size of the ring. Over the past few years he had already "pre-tested" himself the ring just to see how he fared... But he wasn't even close to being large enough. From what he heard, apparently the ring was supposed the same size as a 'red' ring, the smallest of the enchanted cock rings. It was easily two to three times thicker than his puny manhood. On his birthday, he had considered sneaking up in the morning when nobody was watching... Only to find a crowd of people already waiting for him. As he approached the ring, it began to shine, and he felt himself getting hard. Rather than draw it out, he simply dropped his pants and proceeded.

Unfortunately, just like ALL of the other men in the mining town, his small 4" erect penis was far too short and obviously not thick enough. The moment he put his cock through the large ring, it stopped glowing and that was it. Nothing. And on that very same day, he decided to stake a claim for his first wife. Evidently Cham had been saving up all of his coin for a while... Because early that morning, he had marched over to the mayor's house and offered a fine sum for Becca, the mayor's daughter who was of marrying age.

It was well known that Becca was the Mayor's "golden goose" and he had been getting ready to travel up to the fair with her. There she would fetch the Mayor a good price when he auctioned her off to some rich lord up in Noblash. She was quite pretty and lithe... But more than that, her large prominent bust and small waist was highly desired. And the Mayor would show her off like a prized calf at certain times, parading her around at the market from time to time. The townsmen drooled over her lush curves and large chest, which protruded out like two fresh melons, but the men knew to keep away. And now that she was of age, she could officially be "de-flowered." 

This was one of the strictest rules in Noblash, 'The preservation of Virginity', which stated that a girl had to stay a virgin until her 18th birthday, or else the ring spell would not work. Every girl born in Noblash was born with brown eyes. There was no doubt to their maturity, for on their naming day, their eyes would simply turn bright blue and they would become viable. It happened to every woman regardless of wealth, beauty or station. Even worse, if a man with a ring attempted to deflower a girl with brown eyes, his own rings would simply vanish. Furthermore, for any man or boy, the penalty was either banishment or death. But for the girl, in many ways it was even worse. Her eyes would never change. And somehow, she would slowly lose her beauty. Even the most promising girls with the most lush curves would degenerate into unseemly spinsters with no hope of succeeding in this strange world. 

This was the blessing of the ancient magic that was sacrosanct. The magic somehow helped to protect them, without it, they would be decimated by the evil ones... Or so it was told. Much of the lore had been lost. It appeared that the nature of the spell was born into the people of Noblash. It was in their very blood, cast into them by some ancient sorcery and then passed down through generations of tightly controlled breeding.

Most of the time, the Mayor had kept Becca locked up in her room, and he kept the key around his neck at all times. She represented his wealth and was his ticket to a better life.

So it goes, that when Cham presented himself to the Mayor that morning and offered all of his meager earnings in return for the woman he wanted, the Mayor simply laughed in his face and had him forcibly removed from the property. Evidently, Cham didn't know his place and decided to take Becca despite the Mayor's rebuttal.

Later that day, the Mayor heard passionate screams coming from Becca's room and in a panic, unlocked it to find young Cham and Becca in the throes of passion. Evidently, Cham had scaled the outer wall and entered her bedroom window with a pry bar.

It was not mere coincidence that the Red Sorceress was passing over the NorthGlen exactly at the same time that the whole town was witnessing the hanging of Cham Ryan. Of course, she wasn't in her human form and usually she would not be out during the day, but she had heard a disturbance earlier that morning as she flew through the forest, which had snapped her away from her journey to investigate the scene.

The red-faced portly Mayor was standing on the stage of the gallows, yelling at the top of his lungs.

"And for the crimes of lechery, theft and molestation, I hereby sentence this man to Death by hanging!"

"No, Daddy!" screamed Becca, who was being restrained by her nursemaid at the edge of the crowd... "I love him!"

"LOVE?!" screeched the fat mayor as he turned to face his disgraced daughter. "What do you know of love! You are nothing! Nothing! Do you hear me, Girl? I have been far too lenient with you. I knew I should have been harder, but NO! They told me I had to keep you sweet and innocent! And what has it cost me? You are defiled! I will be lucky to fetch half your worth once word of this gets out! Nobody wants a whore!"

It was just then that a dark red owl flew into the gathering and landed on the top of the crossbar where the rope hung down around young Cham's neck.

A hush came over the large crowd... And whispers of the word, "omen" began to spread through the people as they stared at the large bird of prey.

The Mayor looked up and squinted his beady eyes, but then returned to the business at hand.

"Let this be a warning! Women are nothing, lower than animals! They are only meant to serve men! Men, it is your responsibility to keep your women under your thumb! They are vixens who entice and rot the souls of men! Never make the mistake of thinking that a woman is more important than your own life, or you will end up like this fool, hanging by his neck!"

The Red Sorceress had heard enough of this garbage. The giant owl fluttered down onto the gallows and instantly transformed into an insanely voluptuous human. Her red hair ran in curls down her back all the way to her ankles, framing a face that was old but still beautiful. She was wearing voluminous robes, but her giant prominent breasts could be seen swelling out from her low-cut cleavage that easily came out past her elbows and bulged out wider than her shoulders.

The Mayor's eyes bulged and his hand flew up making a sign of warding against witches.

There was a stir of noise that shimmered through the crowd.

"This has gone on long enough!" spoke the Sorceress. "I can see that the men in this village are nothing but pigs as are ALL the men in this part of the realm! I usually do not involve myself with such petty squabbles, but sometimes I choose to indulge myself."

With that, she began to cast a great spell. Light emanated from her robes and she began to glow as she spoke the words. A bright light suddenly burst into the air blinding everyone in the square. When the light faded, the men were all missing, except for Cham. In their places were pigs. Large ones, fat ones, scrawny ones... And they were all wearing the men's clothing and rooting around, their minds replaced with simple animal urges. The women were shocked and scared.

And then she turned to Cham, who stared at her wide eyed and disbelieving. "And you... you do not deserve their horrible fate... but as you are a product of these men and their horrible ways... I cannot leave you to repeat their mistakes. Ah, yes, I have the perfect thing for a man such as you..." She pulled two rings from within her robes. With a few muttered words, the stones in the rings shimmered silver and then turned dark black and glowed slightly. "These are not ordinary cock-rings of the men of Noblash, these are enchanted with a dark magic so that you may experience what it means to be manipulated like a woman for your body. Only a man who is truly... 'creative' can learn to control this spell!"

She sauntered up to the squirming Cham and ripped off his loose pants. His small 4" cock was already hard from the mere presence of the gorgeous sorceress. She quickly slipped the ring onto his undersized penis where is glowed brightly for a second and then it shrunk down to clamp permanently at the base of his tiny cock. Cham screamed in pain and with a cackle, she walked around behind his back and slipped the other ring onto his finger. Instantly, both rings blazed with a bright light completing the spell. Cham screamed again and passed out, falling forward with the noose still around his neck. The sorceress turned to the dazed womenfolk who were trying to figure out what to do with their swine-husbands.

"Don't worry about your men, they won't be bothering you anymore", she cackled again, "but you may want to keep an eye on this one," she nodded towards Cham and then she jumped off the dais and transformed mid-air back into the giant owl. She circled once and with a quick flick of her claw she cut the rope holding Cam's body, causing him to collapse onto the dais, and then she hooted once and flew away into the woods.

"Fine lot we are in now!", screeched Miss Gertrude, one of the older women, yelling and shaking her fist after the owl who disappeared into the foliage. 

"What are we supposed to do now? Who will protect us from robbers and other menfolk? And who am I going to... Well... you know! I'm not a dike like half of you!?"

"Oh, shush your mouth, Trudie!" spat Gwen. "I'm glad to finally be rid of Potiphar! He was a sick bastard who beat and used Ilsa and me like slaves! I would rather he be dead than for him to force me to his sick bidding again! I'm glad to see him get his comeuppance!" And with a smile, she turned and kicked the large pig standing next to her.

"Excuse me. Is uh... Anyone... uh... here?"

Faye snapped back into the present and looked up from her pig husband... Ex-husband, really... Since all the men in the village were now just stupid good-for-nothing pigs.

Faye looked around to where the deep male voice was coming from on the other side of the house. She thought all the men were gone, who could this be?

"Ju ju ju just a moment" she muttered and walked around the corner. 

At the fence stood Cham. But he didn't look the same at all, she almost didn't recognize him... He was at least a head taller and far more muscular and way better looking than before but he was filthy and covered with dirt. As a matter of fact, he was gorgeous. She had almost forgotten all about him and the "cursed" rings that the sorceress had put on him over three weeks ago. His family home was the next one down the lane, ever since his mum died, it's just been him and his Da... and now just him. With everything happening he had disappeared and she had thought that he had left the village. Something was definitely strange going on with the boy. It was like he had turned into a giant overnight. She had never seen a man so big and strong and virile before. His eyes were gorgeous, his face was chiseled and masculine. It occurred to her that she was just standing there with her mouth open, drooling and staring at him, getting turned on.

She quickly averted her blue eyes and bowed her head several times and shuffled her clogs... "I'm ss.s.s.sorry, Master Cham, how c.c.cccan I help you?"

"Good mornin' Mistress... uh... Faye? Right?" he said in an extremely deep voice. "I seem to be forgetting where I was going. There's nobody at my house. Do you know where my Da is?"

"Oh... oh... Oh dear. Oh... oh ... oh dear." she sputtered. "Come inside... Lad... and ha have a cup of tea... And get cleaned up. Theres sumthin I need to be t t t tellin' ya."

In a short time she had a pot of water boiling and had set food out for the huge young man who ate ravenously. She had seen grown men eat before, but no matter what she put in front of him, he devoured it immediately. She was impressed by his appetite. Within a few minutes of slowly asking him questions, from his rudimentary answers, she pieced together his story. Evidently, after the sorceress had left, he woke up and had freed himself and run into the woods to hide. He made up his mind he would leave the village and get as far away as possible. However, his memory started to falter and he couldn't remember why he had left. After wandering around quite a bit, he stumbled into town this morning and couldn't find his da.

Faye couldn't help but stare at the young man, her cheeks felt flushed and her ugly bulbous nose felt hot, she sniffed and definitely seemed to smell something coming off of the young man. Ordinarily, she would be slightly disgusted at the ripe gamey scent of an unwashed man, but he smelled good, almost like food. As she watched him eat and talk she noticed that she was really feeling sexually turned on. It was unnerving. She hadn't felt feelings of attraction like this about a man since she was a young girl, long before the cruel world put her in her place.
