 It is the middle of the last Ice Age, about 50,000 years ago and the Neanderthals roam the Earth. They co-exist with recently arrived tribe of technologically advanced aliens known as the Amazon, who have arrived about 500 years ago. The Amazon hunt Neanderthal men for their wild semen. Aablar has captured a Amazon dominess and her acolyte and is now the object of a massive search.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

1. Another dusk and Aablar continued to push his small party onward and upward along the ridge. Althea was soon in trouble, stumbling and in real danger since they were now at a considerable height. Without a word, Aablar picked her up and slung her over his shoulder again. Their night hike was much steeper now and they made slow progress. Aablar called a halt considerably before first light. Leia's exhaustion was apparent and Katnissa was weakening. Again Aablar unerringly found a strategically located cave. As the one before, it had been much used and animal bones littered the rocky floor and crude drawings decorated the walls. It was deep and also had the characteristic stalactites and stalagmites and fused pillars, indicating the run of moisture through the mountainside.

The sun rose soon after they stopped. Aablar had spent the day curled up in the bearskin with Leia and had fucked her twice. Their supply of meat were running low, as he had not hunted in the past few days and they were feeding two more mouths. He knew that a species of mountain goats frequented this mountainside. He brought one down with his spear and returned at twilight. He now used one of the long Amazon steel daggers to butcher the goat quickly and efficiently, wasting little. He passed some bloody hunks of meat of meat to Leia, who wolfed them down with relish. He then ate some himself before walking over to offer some to Althea.

The fresh, raw meat nauseated both the Amazon women. They had both eaten Aablar's dried meat, but the sight of the fresh kill and the thought of eating it uncooked were repugnant. So Althea shrank back from the bite-sized piece that Aablar offered her, dripping blood on her breasts.

'Choke it down, Althea,' said Katnissa in Greca, 'we will both need to keep our strength up if we are to survive.'

Althea opened her mouth and took the piece, chewing on it painfully, expecting retch. But she found it surprisingly sweet tasting. Aablar calmly walked over to Katnissa and hit her hard. Bound as she was, the blow knocked her down. She went down hard, her back hitting the hard cave floor with a thump like a drum. She lay still and through her full mouth, Althea uttered a muffled scream.

'Don't speak in Amazon, Katnissa,' he said. 'Speak my tongue so I can understand you.' Then he glanced over his shoulder at the crying Althea. 'Don't worry, Althea. Katnissa is a dominess. She is very tough. She will be fine.'

As if to prove his point, Katnissa began to shake her head to clear it and sat up. Her abs strained to lift her body weight. One side of her face bore the mark of his blow. The beginnings of purple discoloration indicated that she would soon have a magnificent black eye. Aablar squatted down in front of her and ran his rough calloused hands over the finely defined abs on her belly.

'So strong, Katnissa,' he said wonderingly. 'You dominesses are so strong. And here I am, feeding your strength.' With this, he put a hunk of bloody meat in her mouth and she chewed on it, preparing to be revolted, but was pleasantly surprised that it tasted rather sweet. She suddenly realized that he had addressed the two of them by their names for the first time.

There was silence in the cave as they all ate. Aablar sat by Katnissa and as he ate, he continued to stroke her hard stomach, muttering over and over, 'so strong, so strong,...'. His fingers strayed lower and lower until they slipped under the waistband of her deerskin panties. Her pubic hair was downy, soft and fiery red and he stroked it, before finding her nether lips. Still eating and feeding her, he finally found her clit and was surprising gentle. Her mouth full of meat, Katnissa tried to concentrate on chewing to take her mind off the heat building in her loins. She was getting moist and would soon begin to get wet. She closed her eyes and regimented her breathing. Then, abruptly, he stopped. 'Don't stop!' was Katnissa's first thought, as her eyes jerked open, her mouth still working on the last mouthful of meat.

Aablar went over to Leia and took her in his arms and they kissed deeply, tongues probing. She rubbed her full breasts against his rock hard chest.

Aablar continued to hold her in his arms. Leia was surprised when after kneading her breasts and crotch and getting her quite excited, Aablar did not fuck her again. He just held her and rocked her and his mind seemed far away. For a mighty hunter like him, it was natural to have many women and female slaves and father as many children as possible. His lust for both the Amazon dominess and her acolyte was powerful. Yet his feelings for Leia had changed him and he yearned for her to be his partner, to share more than a fuck with her.

'Mighty hunter, you must make more use of your slaves,' she whispered to in his ear. 'You must fuck the dominess and the acolyte until they beg you to take them. I will always be here for you and the more women you have, the greater my honor.'

Her words released him. His feelings for her, if possible, grew stronger.

'You are my woman, Leia,' he said. 'I will never forsake you. I will bring you much honor. But now we must rest. We must remain strong and alert.'

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

2. Aablar and Leia crawled into their bearskin again. The high altitude meant that in the darkness of the cave, it was very cold. They had barely settled in when they heard Althea's plaintive cries. Aablar rose and went to her.

'Aablar,' she faltered, 'I am so cold. Please, I cannot bear it.'

Katnissa listened, stoic, but resigned.

Aablar stood over the bound Althea. Then wordlessly, he undid her bonds and picked her up as he had on their long trek. He carried her over to the bearskin he shared with Leia, and they both made room to accommodate her between them.

Leia's words were still ringing in Aablar's ears. The scenes of Aablar's huge cock plunging into Leia's cunt and her screaming orgasms were playing in Althea's mind. As the three of them snuggled together for warmth, Aablar's cock inexorably hardened and Althea's cunt moistened.

Aablar's hand slipped under the waistband of Althea's panties and he felt her dark and downy soft pubic hair. The Amazon pubic hair was so different from the rough and coarse pubics of the females of his people. Althea felt his thick fingers and stiffened. But his touch, like his earlier play with Katnissa, was gentle. His rough and calloused hands were unlike anything she had felt before. He unerringly found her clit and the feeling that began to build in her was unfamiliar yet strong. She felt a lump form in her throat and felt she could hardly breathe. The taboo ritual of sexual penetration, forbidden and buried, but now close and desirable fed her anticipation. Her moistness grew and then she was wet. He lifted her rump, pulled her panties down and rolled her on to her back. When his hand returned to her crotch, she felt his fingers tease her clit again and she mewed. Their eyes met and hers were warm, but confused.

Two of his fingers now entered her cunt and quickly worked up a tempo. She had never been penetrated before, but like all Amazon, she had worked hard developing her vaginal muscle strength. Her cunt gripped his fingers tightly and his patience was quickly exhausted. He mounted her. He unfastened her deerskin halter and gripping the back of her neck tightly, kissed her hard. His tongue was rough and demanding, much more so than Katnissa's. She felt his huge dick at her cunt and with his other hand he steadied it. Then with a groan, he entered her. Her tightness stripped back his foreskin and he fought the urge to come immediately. A few inches into her he ran up against a rubbery obstacle. Her hymen!

The hymen was sacred to the Amazon and they worked hard to preserve and strengthen it so that it was intact during ritual impregnation. Scholaresses and dominesses particularly prided themselves on their tough, muscular hymens. Aablar had ruptured Leia's hymen and it had bled, but she was unschooled and untrained. Althea was highly trained and her hymen was extremely tough. Aablar's first push at it did not rupture it, but drew a muffled cry of pain from Althea. He grunted and pushed again. The muscular tissue stretched, but held, forming a tight sheath over his cock. The pain was sharp now and she was twisting in her arms, trying to free herself. Her tongue fought his in her attempts to cry out, succeeding in emitting only muffled sounds of distress. Katnissa watched helplessly and Leia with proprietary smugness.

Again and again Aablar assaulted her hymen, each time with greater force. And each time her writhing grew more frenzied as the pain grew more excruciating. Saliva drooled out of her mouth as her vocal wails were muffled under his oral assault. Paradoxically, his inch and half penetration of her tight cunt increased rather than reduced his desire. His cock grew even harder with the challenge of her resistant hymen. 

Finally, he put all his two hundred and eighty pounds behind a mighty thrust and bore down on her. Her hymen stretched even more, allowing him another half inch of penetration. He did not relent and her hymen stretched further and finally, at its limit, it began to give. First a small tear and then it ruptured. His weight and pressure caused him to sink his entire nine inches into her in a single thrust and her scream of agony, even through his muffling lips, echoed off the cave walls.

Gouts of arterial blood spurted out of her cunt, but by now he was beyond caring. He worked up a rapid tempo, pistoning her hard in his need. Her cunt was extremely tight and her small pebble-like nipples squeezed against his hard chest. The pain of her ruptured hymen quickly receded to be replaced by mounting excitement and her bleeding was soon replaced by lubricating vaginal fluid. All too soon, she mounted up to an orgasm. She could feel it coming, but when it came, she could not believe its intensity. He broke his lips free of hers and when she came she screamed on and on, contractions racking her sweat-covered body. The pulsating contractions in the tightness of her cunt drove Aablar over the edge and he began to come. He pumped a huge gout of semen into her and when he thought he had no more and began to withdraw from her, she arched her back and drew him into her once more, eliciting yet another thrust and another ejaculation. They collapsed together, spent.

Leia looked on in satisfaction and pride, her earlier trepidation only a memory. Katnissa's face was stony. Aablar glanced over at her. If the acolyte was such a fuck, what would the dominess be like?