 Valentine was scooping drops of cum into her mouth, sucking the flavor off of her hands, savoring it. Her pussy twinged at the thought of being ravished by these two beautiful, enormous creatures. Before she could answer, Flower turned to her.

"Is it true, what Bear told me, about you and the warriors. About..," whispered Flower.

"I saw it with my own eyes!" Exclaimed Bear.

"I don't think I could fit your rear cock in my front pussy," said Flower, impressed. 

Val blushed a deep crimson, sucking on her fingers absentmindedly. She gazed down at the ground, embarrassed. 

"Well... It wasn't the whole thing. Only like... halfish. Plus he's not as big as Bear, so..." She let her voice trail off, uncertain if Flower was judging her or respected her.

"I never even thought about it. Well, I mean seriously thought about, I imagined but,..." Flower stammered. It was her turn to be embarrassed. "I never dared to try."

Bear embraced her, laughing gently, though Val noticed that his hug was made awkward by his swelling erection. Apparently this little talk was having an effect on him.

"My love, anything for you." He told her sweetly. They kissed briefly, smiling at each other.

"Come to think of it," said Flower, a small frown on her face, "I'm not even sure it's possible. I mean how would I fit underneath...you'd have to be lifted up."

"Maybe a ramp, or a pulley system" joked Bear.

"We'll get three satyrs to hoist you up and hang you from a branch," replied Flower, amused.

They laughed, before Flower turned to Valentine.

"How did you do it? Could I,...would you mind if I watched?"

Val blushed even deeper, and stammered as she looked at them both. "I...I mean.. I don't mind but.. it's just.." she wrung her hands together, anxious about being put in the spotlight. "You know I...last time I was pretty warmed up, ya know.. It didn't just happen..."

"By the Seven Stars! You two are like hummingbirds flirting around a flower!" Exclaimed Bear.

He grabbed Val by the waist and picked her up, then spun her around upside down. He hooked her knees on his shoulders, placing her face right next to his thickening cock. Val yelped in surprise and the sudden turn of events.

"Now we can both get warmed up" he said.

And with that he buried his face between her thighs, his mouth covering her pussy, his tongue splitting her like a ripe peach.

Flower squealed and trotted closer. Val felt her hands on her ass, as Bear's cock smacked her on the cheek.

Valentine started moaning as Bear worked her pussy and Flower grabbed at her ass. Her mouth searched for his cock, her hands bracing herself up against him. As soon as she found it, she devoured it, letting his thickness slide into her throat. She bobbed her head up and down on him, letting her drool run down his shaft and over his balls. She tried to fit the throbbing cock as deep into her throat as she could, gagging on it over and over. 

Bear grabbed Val by the back of the head, holding her tight. He started rocking his hips, fucking her mouth with his large cock.

Val felt a tongue slipping and sliding across her pussy and ass. The stiff wet tip dipped into her asshole, opening her up, before returning to her soft pussy. She could feel the warmth Flower's body as the young female centaur crowded close, watching intently as Val's pussy was opened and stretched by Bear's skilled tongue. Flower held on to Val's ass cheeks, pulling them open to make reaching the deepest part of her easier.

Val moaned around Bears massive cock, gagging and choking in rhythm with his thrusts. She let one hand loose to play with his heavy balls, stroking his shaft whenever she needed to come up for air. She could feel herself already teetering towards a massive orgasm.

She moaned around Bear's thick meat, her eyes rolling back in her head. Her legs spread wider, hips bucking up to meet the eager and exploring tongue.

Flower ran her free hand up and down Val's back, then down to her face, stroking her lips where they stretched around the shaft of the stiff cock pumping in and out of her mouth.

"By the gods," says Flower, awe in her voice, "she is taking it all.."

Her hand trailed away and Val could see in the corner of her eye that her fingers were now dipping into her own pussy.

Bear began to slow down the fucking of Val's mouth, but increased the pace on her clit and pussy. Val took one final long, gagging slurp at his cock before pulling herself up. 

"I think. ..I'm warm now.." she panted out.

Bear laughed and pulled her away from him. He flipped her around and put her back on her feet.

"Are you sure?" He asked, a wild look in his eye. He glanced down between his rear legs.

His horse cock was hard, long and thick, pulsing with his heart beat. Bear slowly stroked his human cock, his nostrils flaring with lust.

Flower looked at Valentine, eyes wide, her fingers toying with her pussy, her other hand cupping a breast.

Val stood there, wiping spit from her chin and face, staring at the massive throbbing horse cock between Bears legs. She hesitated for a moment, eyes moving from his stroking of his human cock, and Flower's slow masturbation. She was rubbing her own pussy absentmindedly, remembering how the Chiefs horse cock had felt, the memory sending a thrill down her spine.

She nodded slowly at Bear, and sat herself down on the soft grass. She rolled over to face Flower, arching her ass into the air invitingly.

Flower's eyes went wide as Val took up her position.

Bear stepped up, straddling Val with his massive horse body. His horse cock bumped against her ass, leaving a trail of pre-cum on her ass cheeks and thighs. The massive head blindly pushed against her.

Flower moved to the side and folded her legs so that she could look under Bear and watch his massive cock bump against Val's pussy, her hand never leaving her own pussy. With her other hand she reached out and stroked Val's back, her sides, her breasts.

Val moaned under Flower's touch, her hand reaching out to grasp Bear's huge cock head. She gently helped him find her soaked pussy, letting it push against her opening. She worked it all around her hole, making sure they were both well lubricated. She pressed him in slowly, her eyes growing wide as her pussy stretched open around the thick shaft. 

She turned her head to gaze at Flower, searching for any signs that she wanted this to stop. She saw none.

"Be gentle..." Val begged softly, as she worked Bears cock into her.

There was enormous pressure against Val's pussy as Bear's massive horse cock pushed in. An inch, then another, and another slid into her, filling her impossibly full.

Flower reached down to Val's pussy, her fingers floating across the stretched lips of her cunt, grazing the thick mass of her lovers cock. Flower leaned against Bear's flanks, the earthy smell of his horse body mixing with the musky scent of sex. Flower's hand floated across the massive cock that hung so heavily beneath the great curving belly.

Crouched between the stomping horse legs, thrilled and a little bit scared at the power massed above her, Val watched Flower through heavy-lidded eyes. Val got the sense that Flower had never touched it before. Her eyes were wide with wonder, her fingers digging deep into her own pussy, a pussy so wet Val could hear it.

Val's breath was forced out of her as Bear's massive cock filled her. She could feel herself stretching wider to accommodate him, her wetness easing his entry into her. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, her fingers digging into the soft grass beneath her. She quivered as Flowers fingers reached out, every slightest touch driving her wild. 

Val watched as Flower touched herself, her hips slowly gyrating to the rhythm of the centaur's own playing. She let out a low moan as she took more and more of him into her.

Bear snorted as he struggled to maintain control over his urge to ram his enormous cock into Val. He rolled his hips, driving a few inches of horse cock deeper with every thrust.

Flower's fingers left her own pussy to start massaging Bear's balls, stroking him. Her other hand moved to Val's pussy, stroking her clit. She licked her lips as she watched that thick cock move slowly deeper into Val's stretched pussy.

Val moaned louder with every inch that slid in, feeling his thickness stretching her more and more. She risked a glance back.. holy fuck not even half she thought, moaning again as Bear worked more of himself into her already very full hole.

Bear picked up the pace, each thrust pushing Val forward. She could feel his cock start to swell as he grew ready to cum, stretching her even more. As Bear forced more and more cock into her, pushing her past what she thought was possible, filling her in parts she didn't know she had, Val started to moan and cry out uncontrollably.

Flower was jerking his massive cock with one hand, rubbing Val's clit with the other. She scooted herself closer and closer, her head tucked under Bear's belly, her eyes wide as she watched Val's pussy take his horse cock.

Feeling him thicken as his cum welled up inside his already massive and throbbing horse cock, Val started to beg and babble.

"Fuck me Bear, give it to me baby, fill me up, please, pleasepleaseplease give it to me fuuuuck..." she went on and on, her body being pushed into the ground with each huge thrust, her mind going blank as a single massive orgasm rocked her.

Bear snorted and lurched one last time, shoving his cock even deeper before exploding inside of Val's distended pussy. He flooded her pussy with his cum, waves of it pouring out of her as his massive balls emptied.

Flower rubbed and jerked the half of his cock still outside of the bruised pussy, her hands scooping his sperm and rubbing it all over Val's ass and his shaft.

Bear pulled out, his cock slipping out of Val with a wet squelching sound. Flower dipped her head further down. Half dazed by the aftershocks of her orgasm, Val gasped and moaned as she felt a tongue on her pussy. Flower started to tentatively lick Bear's cum out of the gaping pussy. She moved away a bit and, for the first time, placed her lips and tongue on Bear's horse cock to drink his cum.

A fat glob of cum landed on her lips, sliding into her mouth and filling her throat, which she gulped quickly, almost gagging.

Flower blushed as she sat up quickly, wiping Bear's horse cum off of her lips. She seemed suddenly shy, embarrassed, but Val saw in her eyes a light she recognized; lust.

Bear trotted away, leaving Val, her body covered in cum and dirt, exposed to the elements. Thin streams of his cum flowed out of her stretched pussy, running down her thighs. Bear wiped his sweaty brow, grinning, as he trotted in small circles, trying to catch his breath.

Val collapsed on the ground, curling up in the fetal position as aftershocks shook her body. She could feel thick gobs of cum oozing out of her, sliding down her thigh. Her pussy was the single massive throbbing center of her being, waves of pain and pleasure pulsating from it.

Val felt strong and gentle hands picking her up. Flower scooped her up, carrying her towards the nearby pond, pillowing her head against her breast.

She sighed and moaned against Flower's body as she cradled her, as content as she was exhausted. She could feel Bear's cum still pouring out of her stretched and abused pussy, even as it also dried on her face, chin, and breasts, a seemingly inexhaustible supply of it filling her cunt. As Flower walked them into the pond, she felt cool relief wash over her. She became vaguely aware of Flower's hands washing her lovers juices and their sweat off of her body. Val's hands started to roam, feverish with an arousal that defied her exhaustion, grasping over the taut stomach of the beautiful centaur, massaging her firm breasts and feeling her body as she took care of her. 

Flower was breathing heavily, already turned on by what she had just witnessed. She turned hungry, grabbing Val by the hair and kissing her, her tongue thick in her mouth as she drew her lovers cum out of Val's mouth and lips.

Val's hands wrapped into her hair, kissing her back hungrily. She pressed herself against Flower, her breasts mashing against hers, as her arms and legs maneuvered to wrap around her human torso. She felt her own still wet and dripping pussy brush against hers, and it sent shock waves throughout her body. 

Flower was shaking with excitement and nervousness. One of her large hand supported Val's ass, the other in her hair, crushing her against her strong chest.

She curled a finger of the hand cupping the ass, like a slim cock sliding between the folds of Val's pussy, dipping inside of her. She slid her around until she could feel her thick clit brush against the impossibly soft skin of Val's pussy. She moaned in her mouth, her eyes screwed shut with pleasure.

Val's mouth became more eager against hers, her hips grinding the slim finger deeper into the depth of her pussy, the wet lips of her sex pulsing against Flowers. Her lips started to roam across her cheeks, down her neck, licking and nibbling her skin. She moaned and groaned against the giant soft body of the female centaur, pleasure rolling through her in waves. 

Flower pulled Val's lips to her nipple, her fingers tight in her hair. Val sucked and licked eagerly at Flower's nipple, flicking it with her tongue and nibbling at it with lust.

The two women kept grinding away, pussy to pussy, clit to clit, Flower's hand grasping Val's ass and pushing her against herself. The wet pussies slid against each other, lips parted by her fingers, their mixed musk filling their nostrils.

Flower shook, an orgasm building.

Val gasped and panted, her own orgasm building. her hips grinding faster, twitching back and forth across her clit, grinding her pussy deep into her finger. 

Flower suddenly lifted Val up, balancing her on the one hand cupping her ass. Val gasped and let out a cry of surprise as she was lifted high over her head. Flower draped Val's legs across her shoulders and buried her face between her thighs. Val held on to Flower's head as her large tongue pushed into her, thicker and longer than any human tongue.

Both her hands were grasping the flowing black mane of the female centaur, holding tight, her hips bucking at the eager mouth and tongue devouring her pussy, Val's juices practically pouring out of her. It was not long before another orgasm tore through her, moans of pleasure escaping her lips. 

"Oh fuck...fuckfuckfuck..." she groaned over and over in time with her hips as they rode Flower's gorgeous face. 

Flower eagerly drank from Val's dripping pussy, tasting her juices and Bear's cum as they mixed deep in her sex. She drank as another orgasm drew more wetness and cries and shaking sobs out of Val, as she clung desperately to the centaur, eyes rolling back in her head.

Flower finally brought Val down, placing her gently in the shallow water of the pond. Val smiled up at Flower, her body and soul drained, unable to wipe the silly grin off of her face. Flower smiled, flushed and out of breath, her eyes shining. She blushed and giggled before finally moving away, trotting and splashing out of the pool to join her waiting Bear.

Val gazed over at the fantastical couple, hardly believing what her body had been through the past day or so. Yet, the water seeped into her, relieving all stress and tension. She let herself sink into the pool, her pussy still wet and throbbing from the eager mouth and her lover's enormous cock. She dunk her head below for a moment then sat up, rejuvenated and dripping. After a few minutes of leisurely soaking, Valentine stood up and stepped out of the pool onto the soft grass. She wrung out her hair lightly, then joined the two centaurs.

"Ok," she breathed with a heavy sigh, "I think I'm ready..."

Bear pulled her up and sat her on his back. The two centaurs held hands.

"Let's meet Rom" said Bear.

Rom was still holding court. The crowd assembled before him seemed even larger than before, and even more mixed. Animals and talking trees, elves, sprites, gnomes and half human creatures happily greeted each other. 

The sun had set, but the darkness was kept at bay by glowing flowers hanging from vines, illuminating the crowd, while clouds of fireflies spread their glow here and there.

Bear and Flower made their way to the front, where Rom, seated at the base of a giant tree, addressed the assembled creatures.

"Friends!" He called out, "I am in need of volunteers! To the East are the Mollywogs, small and gentle creatures, fond of naps and cuddling, great little guys, really, and top notch alchemists. They would be very useful allies in our war against the lizard priests of Mu. Who will volunteer to be our ambassador to the Mollywogs?"

He scanned the crowd as a few hands were raised.

"But to the West," he continued," are the Wild Ones, the savage humans, they too are necessary to our fight. They are fierce, with vicious war dog. They are just as likely to rape and kill you, or have their dogs rape and kill you, and THEN talk, but they too must be reached! Who volunteers to reach out to them?"

Val felt Bear shift uncomfortably underneath her at the mention of the Wild Ones. The cuddly Mollywogs seemed much more appealing... but there were plenty of volunteers for that. Val felt a few of the centaurs eyes on her, and she had to admit that sending a human to deal with humans was the best plan. Though scared and nervous, she slowly raised her hand from her hiding place behind Bear's well muscled torso. 

Rom's head turned with ponderous slowness towards Valentine. His eyes locked on hers, holding her in his deep and steady gaze. A small sad smile curved his lips.

He suddenly stood up.

"It is decided then! Thank you, friends. We will win this war, and soon be free of these troubles. Courage, and hope be your guides!"

There were a few cheers from the crowd, but the mood was somber. The sound of a flute rose, followed by the deep pounding of a drum. Here and there some of the wood creatures were trying to raise the spirits of their comrades.

Val felt a hand on her knee.

Looking down, she saw a small faun, half man half goat, like Rom, but much younger and delicate.

"Rom wants to see you. You too, centaur." said the fawn, his voice melodious. He shook his head discreetly at Flower. Her smile dropped, obviously gutted at having to let Bear go so soon after seeing him again. Bear gave her a quick kiss, murmuring reassurances. Reluctantly, the two centaurs parted. Val gave a small wave goodbye, which Flower returned.

The faun turned and headed towards the large tree where an open-air camp was set up. Pillows and carpets were spread out on the ground, braziers and fire pits dotted about, with woodland and faery creatures lounging about drinking out of silver and gold goblets.

Bear followed the faun as they made their way around and over the gathered forest folks, drawing curious stares from the assembled non-humans. Val felt self-conscious again, but this time not because of her nakedness. Her humanity was enough to make her stand out.

She wrapped her arms tenderly around Bear's torso, taking comfort in his warmth. She gazed around at all manner of fairytale creatures, some recognizable, some so outlandish she could hardly muster a guess. As they approached the inner part of the camp, she slid down off of Bear's back, yet staying close. She slipped her hand into his, squeezing it as she trotted along beside him. 

The young faun lead Val and Bear to a circle of pillows where Rom was seated, surrounded by a small group of fauns, satyrs, a large rabbit wearing a hat, and, most disturbingly, a stag with the face of a man.

Rom motioned for Val to sit. Bear squeezed her hand to give her courage. He sat down, pulling a pillow close to him so that Val could sit and lean against him.
