 **** continued from part 1 ****

Several centaurs pulled out small instruments from their satchels; flutes and drums and rattles. They started playing a tune, all eyes on Valentine.

She stammered at first, not sure what to do, but finally jumped up, glad to be away from the massive member that was sliding along her leg. If this was all a dream, what harm could there be in indulging the leader of the centaurs. And if it wasn't a dream, one look at his stern face convinced her that doing what she was told was the sensible choice.

So Valentine moved towards the fire, feeling the heat, and enjoying the opportunity to warm herself. She still keep herself covered self consciously, but she noticed all the eyes staring. Her shoulders slumped in vague defeat as she realized at this point, it was either dance... or die. She let her hands drop other side. 

She stood still for a beat, unsure and awkward. But a calm of sorts fell over her. She was young and beautiful, her breasts high and full, tipped with thick brown nipples. Her tummy was flat and firm, her legs long and toned. She briefly wished she had shaved the thick brown curls that crowned her pussy, but she had planned on a week long hike, not a naked dance. She shook her hair loose, letting it fall across her shoulders.

At least the music is good... she thought, as the beats and shrills of the centaurs filled the air. 

She focussed on that. She let it consume her. Her hips started to sway with the primal beat, her feet pounding the ground in time with the drums. Her shoulders started to gyrate, her breasts bouncing and swaying freely. She let her ass start to twist and turn, bending deep at the waist, throwing her head and hair out wildly as she danced around the fire. All eyes were on her, as hot and bright as the fire. She thought she could see figures in the shadows, dancing with her, lead by the sway of her hips.

With all the eyes on her, the music flowing, she felt sexy, powerful, like a nude goddess holding sway over the forest.

The tempo of the music increased. Almost frenetic. A centaur lumbered up and joined her around the fire. He stared at her, trotting in rhythm to the music, dancing with her. His arms were swaying, hands clapping, head held high, eyes fixed on her. Valentine gyrated and danced around for a moment with the huge man-beast.

His human cock was rock hard, and huge. Her eyes landed on the massive erect member and stayed locked, transfixed to it as it bobbed and swayed in front of her, easily larger than any she had ever seen. She was transfixed and, she had to admit, hugely turned on.

Behind her another centaur rose, and started to dance as well.

As the tempo rose, so did the frantic dancing, her feet hitting the ground faster and faster. She could feel the sweat building on her body as she saw the other centaur rise, and she swore she could see the outline of another erect cock in the shadow of his limbs. 

The first centaur trotted and shimmied ever closer to Valentine. Behind her, the second centaur was inching closer. Around, all the seated centaurs were watching intently, still playing their instruments. Whistling Bear was there, watching too. Valentine saw no alarm on his face, so she felt reassured.

The first centaur was now right in front of her, his hard cock bobbing in front of her face. He paused, staying perfectly still, his nostrils flaring.

The second centaur stepped right behind her. She could feel the heat of his body before she even saw him.

Valentine's dancing slowed as she grew surrounded, until she was only swaying her hips in slow grinding circle. She gazed up at the first centaur, her eyes searching his face of stone. She lowered her eyes back to the huge throbbing meat in front of her. Slowly, she raised one hand, reaching out to grasp the shaft. The centaur snorted as her hand closed around the shaft of his cock. He remained rock still, his cock quivering in her hand.

She's briefly amazed at its heft, the weight of it. I didn't know a cock could be so...heavy... she thought to herself. 

She began to slowly stroke it, her tiny hand not even able to wrap around it. She reached with her other hand to feels his sack, it being even heavier and more full than his shaft. 

The second centaur eased forward, his cock now close to the one in her hand, just as hard as the first. He stood rock still.

The music continued to sound around her, a heavy tempo resonating in her gut.

After feeling the heft of the first ones sack, Valentine's hand and eyes moved to the second. His shaft is only inches from her face, rock hard and dripping precum. As her hand gripped his shaft, she slowly reached her head forward, mouth gaping. Her hands started to jerk the first cock in earnest, moving more or less with the rhythm of the drums. Her lips wrapped around the cock of the second beast, her tongue swirling around the head, tasting his surprisingly sweet precum.

There was rustling as more centaurs rose up. The musicians kept up their drumming, filling the forest with an intense beat.

The two centaurs watched as Valentine's lips and hands traveled up and down their hard cocks. Then one of them picked her up under the armpits and raised her up, placing her feet on the other centaur's horse flanks, her arms around his neck. 

Val was now standing on the centaur, facing his human torso, his cock quivering a few inches below her pussy.

The second centaur was behind her, his hands on her ass.

Her eyes locked with the somber gaze of the man beast. Thoughts ran through her head, unbelieving, "This can't be happening. This ain't real. I'm about to get gangbanged by mythical creatures. This thing is huge! It won't fit... "

She smiled shyly at the creature, making up her mind. "Be gentle... I'm tiny..." she muttered in his ear. She lowered her hips, searching for the hard cock. She felt the tip of it pressing against her hole. She realized how wet she was, practically dripping over this man-beast's massive member. 

Slowly, achingly, Valentine began to lower herself onto him. She could feel herself stretching around its massive girth, her eyes rolling back in her head as he filled her. Inch by inch she lowered herself onto it. After what seemed an eternity, she got to the base of this massive cock, and she held it there, breathing deep, shaking like leaf. 

He held her against him, taking her weight. He snorted, trying to maintain control of himself, her pussy so tight around him.

As she breathed deep, intent on the sensations flowing from her pussy, she thought she saw forms around her. 

There were forms; spirits and faery, ents, glowing tree spirits, snarling animal, all dancing and floating at the edge of the circle of light cast by the camp fire, all bathing in the ecstasy of her pleasure. Val was barely adjusted to the size and thickness of the first cock inside her as she looked in wonder as the spirits danced around her.

Valentine felt fingers digging around her pussy. The other centaur was right behind her, his hands parting the globes of her ass. His fingers were scooping her fluids, spreading them, dipping his rough fingers into her tiny asshole.

The centaur slipped a finger in, then pulled it out, rubbed more of her juices around. He removed his fingers and replaced them with something thick and hard. His cock.

"No, wait..." she started to protest, not used to having anything back there, let alone something the size of her arm.

Valentine winced in pain as he penetrated her tight sphincter, bringing her body up to slow him down. As she rose, she felt the first centaur's cock throb and pulse in her pussy. It made her gasp and almost forget the intrusion in her even tighter asshole. 

"Oh fuck... I'm gonna fall..." she panted out, her grip slipping from the man's neck.

She almost fell back, the second centaur catching her. But the fall drove her onto his cock, sliding it into her tight little bud until his balls slapped against her ass.

Intense pain and pleasure mixed.

"Oh fuck..!" she cried out as the massive cock was jammed into her ass. She sat a moment, stunned, resting herself against his muscular chest. She felt the the cock in her little pussy start to swell with cum.

"Not in me... " she thought, just as he pulled out.

The first centaur slipped his cock out of her, spraying her pussy and her belly, even her tits, with spray after spray of cum. He staggered back, his cock deflating, wet with her juices.

The centaur behind her was holding Val under her knees, putting her in a sitting position as she leaned back against him, his cock wedged in her ass. She was completely exposed, spread open, her pussy swollen and red. 

She squirmed on top of the dick in her ass, feeling the hot, sticky fluid as it coated her front. One hand instinctively reached towards her breast, rubbing his cum into her skin. She brought a finger to her mouth, to taste. She sucked on it slowly, amazed at how sweet and delicious it was. 

"I want more... " was all she could think.

Another centaur stepped up, cock erect, pointed at the wet entrance of her pussy.

Valentine reached a hand out to grab him and guide his massive cock into her. The smooth head of his cock parted the brown curls that framed the swollen lips of her pussy, finding the pink wetness that ached for more. He pushed in, slow and steady, until his cock disappeared inside of her belly. As he filled her up, she started to squirm her hips back and forth, being filled with the biggest dicks she's ever had in each of her tight holes. 

The centaur wedged in her ass barely moved, but the one buried in her pussy was pushing his huge cock in and out of her. He placed his hands on her shoulder and started a merciless rhythm, deep long plunges that drew cries from Val. He was trotting, letting his horse legs drive him up and down, in and out of her wet pussy. The centaur behind her held her again this chest, hands behind her knees like stirrups, head tilted back, feeling every movement as Val's whole body shook and shuddered, the tight ring of her ass sliding across the shaft of his dick.

The centaur fucking her pussy pulled out and let a thick rope of cum splash across her thighs and swollen sex. He staggered back, half pushed out of the way by another centaur. Val moaned when she saw the ring of centaurs that surrounded her, each ready and hard. A cock was pushed into her pussy. Val let her head fall back against the chest of the centaur holding her, her mouth open but her eyes shut, a moan escaping her lips. 

Time slipped by as cock after cock slid into her pussy, as jet after jet of cum splashed against her. At one point the cock in her ass erupted, flooding her inside. He pulled out, his cum leaking out, coating her ass and thighs. Val gasped at the sudden emptiness, her thighs shaking as the withdrawing cock pulled an orgasm out of her.

Valentine was passed around, literally held up by rough hands until her ass found a cock, was speared by that cock. The centaur fucking her ass held her legs opened as one after another centaurs filled her pussy. Her feet never touched the ground as she was held, or propped against the flanks of the centaur currently fucking her ass.

Waves of pleasure rolled across her body, orgasm after orgasm shaking her. The sensations were so intense that she lost track of herself, lost track of where or when she was, filled completely with pleasure and cock.

The night was filled with sounds of drumming and the cries and grunts of pleasure that were drawn out of Valentine and the centaurs. Spirits flew around her. A tiny man with dragonfly wings sat on her nipple until a spray of cum almost hit him. Cursing, he flew away.

It seemed that all the centaurs have had their way with her, even Whistling Bear. She was finally pulled off of the last cock and dropped to her knees, covered in sweat and cum. 

Valentine rested on the ground, aching from the pounding, fucking and spreading. She could feel cum literally dripping all over her, pouring out of her tender ass and swollen pussy. She started to wipe the mess off of her, only succeeding in smearing it.

She thought it was finally over, but the chief walked up to her, towering over her. His horse cock was erect, huge and long. He stepped over her until his horse cock was in front of her face, dribbling a thin stream of cum. 

Valentine looked up to see the massive, monstrous horse cock of the chief standing above her.

"No...I can't. I really can't. It won't fit!" she began to babble, as she took it in her hand. 

The thick black cock was the length of her whole arm plus some, and thick enough to break that arm. She stroked it with both hands back and forth. Even as she babbled, she brought the wide flat tip to her mouth to taste the dripping precum. Still sweet. She licked some more, running her tongue along the warm and soft flesh of the monster cock. She took what she could in her mouth, opening her jaw as wide as possible. The weight of it rested on her tongue, the precum sliding down her throat. 

She sucked on the chief's horse cock for a few moments before finally rolling over on her hands and knees, bent over and spread open for this beast's throbbing member. She reached around to guide the thick throbbing head into her already gaping and sore pussy. 

"This is gonna hurt..." she cried into the soft ground. 

The leader flexed his haunches, pushing his cock forward a few inches. It was a short hard thrust, making her gasp. But he stopped, letting her get accustomed to the size of his cock.

There is a murmur of appreciation that travels around the circle of centaurs.

"Damn, I thought she was just going to rub it!" Exclaimed one of them.

The leader pushed again, driving his cock deeper into Valentine.

She cried out with each thrust, biting into her hand to keep from crying. Even after the pounding she just took, his horse cock was stretching her like she never thought she could be. She took a moment to adjust, then reached a free hand behind her to rub his thickness while he pressed inside of her. 

"Please... more..." she gasped, pressing her ass back to try and ease him into her stretched pussy.

He pushed forward, driving her onto the ground. Ass in the air, face pressed against the dirt, her hands wrapped around the foot of cock that is still outside of her pussy, she moaned and cried uncontrollably.

He started fucking her in earnest. His haunches started a hard driving rhythm, driving that cock deeper into her than she'd ever felt. His horse cock filled her up completely, stretching her pussy to the limit.

She groaned and cried out loud with each hard thrust, fighting to keep her ass up, feet and hands digging into the dirt to keep from being pushed forward. His huge cock was hitting spots she was sure were dangerous to be penetrated, but she didn't care. Her pussy was constantly spasming in a long continuous, intense orgasm. She was cursing out incoherently as he fucked her, filling her with more cock than she thought possible. 

She could feel his shaft swelling, hear his huge balls pounding against the enormous shaft. She knew what was coming, and she wanted it inside of her, so full it spilled out. In her orgasmic daze, she managed to shriek out "cum in me, please, fill me up!" 

He did. He grunted and snorted, his hooves digging into the dirt.

His horse cock swells as a shot of cum erupts into Valentine. A shot, a stream of cum, filling her pussy, spilling out of her, flowing down her thighs and onto the ground. He was pushing and jerking back and forth, caught in his orgasm. She nearly passed out from the feeling of being so full. She gasped and groaned, straining to catch her breath.

He finally pulled out, leaving Val suddenly empty. His fat cock slid across her, laying on her back as his balls dribbled out the last shots of cum. She was covered from head to toe in his cum, and all the other centaur's cum.

Valentine moaned in distant pleasure as she felt his heavy member drag across her back. She watched through half closed eyes as he trotted away. She laid there, spread open in the dirt. Her eyes closed further.

She passed out, or slept.

Val woke up snuggled against Whistling Bear's warm body. The first thing she noticed was the sore and achy feeling radiating out of her ass and pussy. The next thing she noticed is that she was covered in a dried layer of cum and dust, as if she had given herself a mud bath.

"Good morning " said Whistling Bear, handing her a strip of dried meat jerky. 

Around them the camp was waking up. The centaurs were quickly gathering their few belongings and dousing the fires as they chewed on jerky and fruits.

The mood towards Valentine had changed markedly. The centaurs waved, nodded and winked at her, smiling. One even affectionately tousled her hair as he went by.

Valentine smiled to herself, stretching and chewing on the dried meat. She took a moment to stretch her aching muscles, in particular the ones in her legs, ass and hips. She stretched tall, arms up to the rising sun, naked breasts and sex fully exposed. She found herself more comfortable with her nudity, the feeling of power she had last night still tingling the back of her mind. The centaurs obvious appreciation and acceptance helped.

"We go to Rom now. We are not far," said Whistling Bear.

Almost in cue, the leader yelled out, "Warriors! Run with the wind! To Rom!"

"Where is this Rom?" Val asked Whistling Bear.

"Don't worry," he replied, "all roads lead to Rom."

Val climbed onto Whistling Bears back, nuzzling the muscled human torso for warmth. She leaned close and whispered in his ear, "still think I'm a dark spy for the horde?" 

One hand traced down his stomach, gently gripping his human cock for a moment before wrapping her arms around his waist in preparation for the ride. 

He turns to her and grinned.

"If you are I'm switching sides! Now hold on!"

And with that he was off at a gallop, flying through the forest, the other centaurs galloping around him.

The trees around became taller and thicker. The forest was older here, darker, the massive tree trunks covered in moss. 

Suddenly the troop of centaurs burst into a clearing. Sunlight made the forest floor glow, the mossy ground a brilliant green. A small stream burbled over rocks, snaking across the clearing before disappearing behind a boulder and into the darkness of the forest.

Several dozen forest creatures were gathered there, from regular forest critters Valentine recognized, like beavers and bears, to incomprehensible ones; impossibly tall elves, flying pixies, gnomes, frogs wearing top hats...everywhere she looked there was something to make her brain freeze.

Valentine's breath caught as her gaze wandered around the forest scene. The mix of impossible fantasy and real beauty shocked her into a sort of dazed trance.

At the far end of the clearing, seated against a tree, was an enormous satyr. He was at least eight feet tall, his hairy goat legs turning a little grey, the patch of curly hair on his head wreathed in flowers. Two little horns poked through the salt and pepper curls. He had a kind and wrinkled face, like your favorite grandpa, if grandpa was also naked and sporting one of the largest cocks Val had ever seen on a man. 

After last night a part of her couldn't help but think: "meh."

The rest of her gazed at Rom in wonder and slight reverence, even as the nakedness had failed to completely shock her anymore. His cock dangling, though not as impressive as the centaurs, had a shape and curve to it that oddly enticed her.

Surrounding the giant satyr, who had to be Rom, were a half dozen smaller satyrs and nymphs. The nymphs looked almost like naked human girls, except for something off about the proportions of their faces. Something animal pushing its way through the human.
