 Intense darkness surrounds me offering no safety from my nakedness. A chill wind scrapes it's nails across my skin, a reminder this is not a dream.

Don't know how long I've been lost and wandering this way. Seems like it should have been morning hours ago. This night is never-ending. I'm looking for something, but don't know what. Mind is in such a fog. Each step I take the more aroused I become...why?

I've stayed under the cover of trees. The wind whispering secrets I can't decipher through their branches. Stepping into a large area of finely powdered dirt, possibly a long forgotten parking lot, I decide it's safe to cross. 

As I make it half way across, a car comes out of nowhere like a snake from its den, tires hissing, headlights a serpent's eyes glaring on my bare skin, exaggerating it. I have anything to cover me but my hands. Fully erect, I can't hide it.

Another car pulls up from behind me joining the other, circling, slithering around me, I'm trapped. The passengers whistle as I run, they cut me off. No options but to stand here and tremble...or fight.

Shivering from cold and fear, and confused because I'm fighting the urge to cum. As terrified as I am I still feel my testicles drawing up for ejaculation. The feeling is so overpowering, causing me to almost black out. I have to remove my hands from my cock, the slightest touch will send me over the edge. 

The passengers of the cars react to my hardness bobbing in front of me, laughing and whistling more.

"He has a fucking hard on," one of them yells.

After throwing a beer bottle out the window the driver of the nearest car pulls a handgun and fires it at me twice. I can hear the bullets fly close by each side of my head. They're not playing, they're trying to kill me.

My confusion and fear turn to anger, it boils in me. Too much distance and not enough time to reach the tree line. The only thing I can think of to do is...I run to the nearest of the two cars and leap on the hood. The weight of my body caves it in, spider webbing the windshield. One of the wheels flies off, bouncing into the darkness.

"Holy fuck!! How the hell did he do that?" the driver's screams muffled by the glass.

I ram my arm through it, grab him by the shirt and pull him through, flinging him, leaving an arc of glass in the air over thirty yards from the car. A wet snapping sound is heard in the distance which I assume is his body careening into a tree. 

Jumping through the hole his body made in the windshield, I take his place in the driver's seat. The other passengers are screaming and hitting me. It takes me a minute to get situated behind the wheel and get orientated. Taking another blow to the head I turn to see what I'm dealing with, a rather large male reaching for his gun in the floorboard to my right and two scared women in the back. The man hits me again not able to reach his firearm. His face buckles when I hit him with my elbow. I can barely feel the blows of the girls in the back. 

The steering wheel slides across my erection as I'm turning and I lose control of the car fighting an orgasm. My intention was to steer into the other car, but instead plow into a tree, throwing me on the hood. The car stalls, all I hear from it is a hissing sound and faint sobbing from one of the girls. Standing up as the other car comes at me, I look down at myself, my slender body with its pale skin, covered in glass and goose bumps from the cold as I shiver. My dick is throbbing with a single thread of cum dripping from the head glistening in the light.

Just before impact I leap onto the cab of the other car and jam my arm through the roof, it pops like a wet paper sack filled with meat. I grab blindly until I feel a mass of hair and pull. When their head makes contact with the ceiling their hair rips free leaving a round protrusion with a hole where my hand went through. The car smashes into the other propelling me fifteen or so feet behind both vehicles on my chest and stomach in the. Dirt and gravel impale my skin mixing with blood. 

Even in as much pain I'm in I'm still hard as a rock and fighting an orgasm. I collapse to my knees and fall on my side assuming the fetal position, rocking back and forth. The urge burns. I think to myself if I just cum and get it over with I might be able to think a little clearer, but I have this gnawing feeling that something bad will happen if I do...like I'm saving it for something. None of this makes any sense.

I don't know how much time passes while trying to regain control of the ugre. I take a kick to the ribs and immediately another to the face. The three passengers still alive from both vehicles...all girls, clothes ripped, bruised and bleeding from various cuts beat on me with all they've got.

"Where are your clothes and what's with that fucking hard on you freak?" the blonde haired girl says as she continues kicking me.

The auburn haired one and the brunette keep working my head. The assault seems to lessen my compulsion to orgasm so I welcome it but it doesn't make my hardness subside. If anything I'm getting harder and...bigger. I think it's been slowly growing all night. It has it's own heartbeat, a life of it's own.

When they tire of wailing on me two of the girls pen my arms to the ground and the third scrutinizes me.

"What are we gonna do with him? Fucking psycho killed the guys. That's some crazy shit he pulled back there," the brunette turns towards the other two.

"Why are you naked?" she asks me.

Why is he naked and why the fuck is he so hard? Does he get off on this shit?" she asks her friends.

"I don't know."

"Fucking say something." they demand of me.

For the first time in this screwed up nightmare I realize I can't speak.

"What are we gonna do with him? He's dangerous. Should we knock him out and tie him up, then go get the cops?" the girls contemplate.

The blond keeps looking at me uncomfortably. 

"Cover that up. It's creeping me out," she says to the other two," referring to my dick. 

A small puddle of pre-cum forms in my belly button as it drips.

"OMG...look at it, it's throbbing and dripping. Please cover it up I can't stop staring at it," looking at me with eyes wide.

"We need to hurry and tie him up," they contemplate.

What are we going to use?"

"I know, jumper cables should work."

The blonde runs to the closest car, the one that's least damaged, pops the trunk and pulls out some jumper cables. When she gets back they tell her to tie my wrists together.

While she's tying me up the other two talk about what to do with me next. The one banding my arms together seems to be doing a really good job, doing it tight. The closer she gets to my cock the harder it gets and seems to lurch more and more the closer she gets. She tries not to look at it but can't help herself. It's so surreal. When she's satisfied I can't get out of my bonds she sits indian style in the dirt beside me, studying me.

"Where did you come from Mr. Freakshow?" she asks.

Acknowledging my dick makes it ache and drip more. I try to speak but I can't utter a syllable.

"Holy Fuck, it started dripping more when I mentioned it. Do you like it when I look at your cock? Do you get off on it?" she questions me with revulsion and awe.

Just like before it oozes more, filling my belly button again then spilling out.

With a puzzled expression on her face she looks to her friends. They walked to the cars to check on the guys. She looks back at me, then biting her lip she moves her hand close to the head of my dick, about an inch from it. I try to scoot away but it does no good.

"Fuck, what's with you? You show up naked with this huge hard on. You look scared shitless but rip our cars apart like they're tinfoil and throw the guys around like rag-dolls. We're thinking you want to rape us...and in reality you don't want us touching you...Hmmm, I'm going to figure you out," she tells me with a thoughtful expression.

She reaches for my cock and stops an inch from it again. I shake my head furiously even though I crave her touch. This time it lurches and spits a single thick ribbon of cum on her hand in the shape of an elongated "S."

She jumps startled and falls on her butt a few feet back. Sitting and staring at her hand with an amazed look on her face turning it back and forth. 

"It's so hot, it almost burns." She sniffs it then trembles a little. Looking to where her friends went she turns back to me almost guilty and licks it a little, then the rest of it. 

No longer scared at all she now looks hungry. She's not the same person she was a few moments before.

The two other girls are on their way back. Seeing them a look of anger creeps across her face.

When they arrive they have puzzled expressions. They ask the blond with me "What's wrong? Did he do something?"

"No. What's the story on the guys?"

"They're definitely dead. He killed them."

"It's gruesome what he did to them," The other girl says. It's the first time I've heard her speak.

"He was just defending himself," The blond says.

"What the fuck is wrong with you? They were just messing with him."

"He didn't know that. You know as well as I do they probably would have run him down."

"Why are you defending him? We've known what they were like for along time. Where's your loyalty?"

The blonde starts to say something, looks at me, eyes roll back, exhales and falls to the ground.

"Holy shit, what's wrong with her? What did you do?" yelling at me. 

I try to speak again but can't utter a sound. One of them kicks me in the side again then joins the other to check on their unconscious friend. Welcoming the pain I shift my position to get a better look. I can't make out their whispers. Rubbing her forehead while examining her body. They gasps as she suddenly awakens. The blond sits up with a strange look.

"I know what to do with him," she says with newfound purpose.

Abruptly she stands, pushing her friends out of the way coming my direction.

As she walks towards me she unbuttons her pants and pulls them down along with her panties. Working the one leg free her friends rush to her to stop her. She punches the closest one in the mouth knocking her to the ground. 

"I'm doing this. I have to," she says to the girl still standing.

Turning to me again the sight of her is too much as she pulls the other leg from her jeans. Naked from her shirt down, she stands over me. My dick begins throbbing and dripping again as she reaches down and grabs the head. With the other she spreads herself open.

The girl that's still standing puts her hand on her shoulder and says "Jaz, what are you doing?"

"You'll understand in a moment Rachel," as she lowers to my cock, rubbing the head back and forth on her slick lips, sliding it in. When it's in as far as it will go my balls seize up and I cum deep inside her triggering her orgasm.

She grinds my dick, sucking it dry as I fill her up it spills down her legs mixed with her own cum. She sits unmoving and trembles like she's riding a high then slowly slides off my cock as it slaps against my belly.

Her friend that was on the ground gets up and stands by Rachel, a look of disbelief on both their faces.

Jaz walks to them slowly. They cautiously step toward her. When they get close enough she places her hand on the back of Rachel's neck and kisses her passionately then pulls back looking at her. Rachel appears to be in shock, mouth hanging open as Jaz sinks two fingers in her own pussy, pulls them out and places them in Rachel's mouth. Putting my sperm in her mouth then turns to the other girl.

The girl looks terrified. "What's wrong with you? What did he do to you? You've lost your mind." She turns and runs from her. Jaz takes a few steps then leaps twenty feet or more landing on the red head knocking her to the ground face first. Hovering over her back with her knees she flips her over and straddles her face. Red screams muffled by Jaz's crotch "What are you doing you crazy bitch?" Slapping at her with both hands furiously. 

Jaz grabs two handfuls of hair, holding her head still. "It will be clear in a moment." I can see Jaz's ass tighten as she pushes into her mouth hard. The girls hands claw at Jaz's ass frantically, her legs flailing wild trying to get her off of her. Her screams slowly turns into moans as Jaz keeps fucking her mouth. Her thrashing becomes gyrating and her clawing becomes caressing.

Jaz stands up in mid thrust, turning to me. Red looks heartbroken until Rachel takes her place. They start undressing each other.

She maintains eye contact with me as she walks towards me, taking her top off. When she reaches me she's totally naked and squats down on me taking me inside her again. Untying my wrists she says. "I know you could have broken out of this anytime you wanted. You were testing me. Did I do well? I passed your seed into the others so they could pass it to others deserving.

Her cunt is much hotter than it was before like an inferno. It feels so good but I know there will be hell to pay.

I notice her skin is changing. It's lighter, almost the color of mine and she feels much stronger. What the fuck is going on? Everything that I don't understand about myself I have passed on to these three girls and they are going to pass it to others. 

Digging her fingernails into my chest she claws me down to her bare pussy then up to her bouncing tits. With each thrust she grinds the base of my cock in circles then back up again. Getting wetter her pussy tightens and she pulls off of me spraying me in the face and chest with her hot liquid. The sensation drives me to the point of cumming. She knows I'm close and shoves me back inside where I coat her cunt until it spills out of her.

My head spins then clears a little as I put my hand between her tits and shove her on the ground and get on top of her. She smiles an evil grin as I push into her hard, burying my tongue into her mouth as my hands roam her body, squeezing her nipples almost pushing them into her mouth. Her pussy splashes with each thrust as I bring her to one orgasm after another.

We roll in the dirt writhing in pleasure over and over again until I pull out of her and stand up my engorged cock dripping with our juices. I walk to the other girls dragging her by the arm.

Rachel and the auburn haired girl are buried in each other's pussies, bucking and thrashing. Releasing Jaz beside them I pull the top one off and shove my dick into Rachel. She immediately locks her legs around me and cums. Red, gets in front of me and angles her pussy into my face just over Rachel's trying to hit my mouth but instead smears her juices up and down my face and dripping into Rachel's. She laps it up. I can see Jaz a few feet away masturbating with a passion watching us wide eyed.

I slow down enough to bury my tongue in Red's cunt. She cums on my face and collapses onto Rachel bringing on her own orgasm. I can't wait any longer and squirt my hot cum into Rachel's pussy filling her.

As soon as it subsides I pull out and work my way onto Red pushing her down, sliding my dripping cock into her. She screams and pushes up into me with all she's got.

Rachel makes her way over to Jaz and they start rolling in the dirt.

As soon as Red cums I turn her over on to her stomach and knees and push into her wet cunt from behind pulling her hair, arching her neck and back until her hands aren't touching the ground anymore. My dick is buried in her as far as it will go. She's so wet her juices sprinkle my face each time our skin slaps. Another ear piercing scream and she cums. Her gush triggers my own and I empty my load into her.

When I awaken it seems like hours later with all three girls sleeping on top of me. It's still dark. It looks exactly like it did when this night started for me. 

I work my way out from under the girls. By the moonlight I can see our bodies are covered with dirt sticking to the dried fluids from each other.

They don't even stir. I check to make sure they are breathing. They are but seem to be in some kind of stasis. It will be awhile before the awaken. This is why I was fighting the urge. I've infected or possessed them. When they wake they will be new creatures...new creatures with a mission, to change others, for what purpose I don't know.

I feel the need head North, at least that's the direction I think I'm facing. I start walking leaving a long trail of footprints until I hit the next treeline...my dick rock hard.

to be continued...