 Darrak sighed as he looked toward the eerie looking forest near his home. They called it the Darkwood forest, aptly named for all those that ventured within were either never seen from again or came back delirious, telling fantastical stories of beasts and other nonsense. Nobody ever believed them yet at the same time all those that valued their life and sanity stayed well away, all those except Darrak.

Darrak was an average looking man with dark hair and dark eyes, he wasn't overly tall but was definitely muscular in build because of his profession. He was a wood cutter, not necessarily a good one but he was willing to do what it took to keep food on the table for his daughter. His wife vanished many years earlier without explanation, she merely told him one afternoon that she was going to the market to collect food for dinner and never returned. Many of his friends told him she had either run off with another man or was dead, Darrak knew the first was not true for he knew she loved him and their daughter too much which led him to believe that it was most likely the latter.

Since she had gone Darrak was left to care for his daughter by himself, this unfortunately meant that he had to pay a child career for his daughter to be cared for during the day so that he could work and pay for all the necessities. Unfortunately in recent times the trees in the normal forest he worked in had become more and more scarce. Several other woodcutters desperate to continue getting paid were even cutting the small trees, but Darrak couldn't bring himself to do so, even though he knew that he needed the money it just didn't seem right.

The situation of course meant that Darrak could no longer afford to live in the centre of the village and had to move himself and his daughter to the edge of Darkwood forest. Lucky for him, his daughter was now old enough to go to school which was significantly cheaper than day care, unfortunately because supplies in the village were almost depleted the cost of living had risen significantly.

He looked down at his favourite axe, well used yet well looked after. He kept the blade sharp, spending at least an hour each day resharpening it. The hilt wrapped in patterned leather that his wife had made for him many years ago when they first met, it still pained him to look upon one of the very few things left behind. When she first made it for him he was reluctant to use it, thinking that the other wood cutters would laugh at him for using such a pretty looking axe, but as usual the look she gave him was enough to make him suck it up. 

He was regretted not being more grateful for such a beautiful gift for now the memories with the axe intertwined with the memories of his wife and it gave him solace knowing that a part of her was always with him.

The path into the forest was unused and over grown, it took him several hours to make his way deep enough in to see trees large enough. Unlike the usual forest he cut in he could already sense a strangeness about this one, for one it seemed a lot darker even though there was plenty of light streaming through the tree tops, the smell for flowers, plants and trees seemed a lot stronger, but the strangest thing for him were the sounds. He flinched every now and again at a rustle in the bushes, it's not as if he wasn't used to such things but the rustle was much larger than that of a small woodland creature and it felt as if he was being watched or even followed.

Darrack looked around at the trees and spotted a nice, healthy Darkwood tree standing by the edge of a small stream. He inspected it thoroughly for any signs of rot or other problems and found none. He set up his equipment for logging and prepared to cut, just before his swing landed he heard a feminine voice call out to him.

"Hey! What do you think you are doing?" she asked. Darrack turned toward the voice and saw a woman standing only a few meters away from him. Her closeness startled him because he was certain there was nobody else around when he started. He studied her closer trying to adjust to the strangeness of her appearance, she was young but not so young that he couldn't see her womanly curves, her hair was an odd shade of light green similar to grass in the plains, her eyes were leaf green and even her skin was a light shade of green, she was wearing clothes only barely covering her breasts and lower regions and they seemed to be made of moss and twigs. As odd as she looked she seemed to blend into the forest quite comfortably.

"Hello? I'm talking to you buddy!" She said angrily obviously noting the way he was staring. "I'm sorry, I'm just a little confused, I didn't think anybody else would be here. Who are you? Do you live here?" Darrak asked.

"I'm the one asking questions Mister. What are you doing with that thing of yours?" She pointed to the axe in his hand.

"I'm sorry. I'm from the village at the border of the forest, as you can see I'm a wood cutter and need to cut some trees for wood. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way" He explained.

"Village dweller ah? Think you can come in here with your big tool and do whatever you want?" She emphasised the word come and looked at the front of his pants when saying big tool. Her behaviour was a little unexpected, Darrack was sure she was angry but it was almost as if she was flirting with him as well.

"Look I'm sorry, but as far as I know this forest doesn't belong to anyone and there has been no protection placed anywhere in the area. Perhaps you can direct me to an area where I can start logging." He tried reasoning with her. This conversation however was quickly becoming tiresome, he needed to work and not for greed but so he could provide for himself and his daughter. He started to pack his tools and equipment up when she did not answer him right away. She stared at him as he worked, her expression was not of anger but instead something else, something unexpected. It looked as if she was eyeing him up for a meal, she looked hungry.

"This forest belongs to no human because it belongs to the fey. You cannot walk in and out of here when you please and for your trespass a payment must be made. However because it is the first time and you were unaware of this I will go easy on you." She explained emphasising easy as if there were a double meaning behind the word.

Darrak stared at her dumbfounded. He looked her up and down again, she did not appear to be physically strong in any way and so he checked the surrounding area for any allies that may come to her aid, apart from the trees surrounding them no one was in sight. He wasn't going to fight her, the last thing on his mind was hurting someone just to get what he needed especially someone defenceless and so he smiled and continued packing up. 

She moved closer to him, slowly and gracefully and although she had no footwear the uneven ground did not encumber her in anyway, almost as if the earth were moving with her. As she moved she closed her eyes and tilted her head as if listening to the wind rustling the trees.

"I'm sorry to have bothered you miss I'll be on my way." He said with a sigh.

"Darrak, is your name is it not?" she asked with eyes still closed. She moved closer to him still swaying sideways like the trees in the wind, almost dancing in time.

"Yes? How did you know? I don't remember telling you." He asked puzzled by her new tone of voice and strange movements.

"You live on the border, with your daughter and you come here because there is no wood elsewhere, you are not an evil man, just desperate, enough to risk your life to provide for yourself and your daughter." She stated flatly as if being told the information second hand. Darrack was startled by the accuracy of her claims and wondered if she had been spying on him from the border. She continued and stopped only centimetres from his face, her eyes still closed. In such close proximity he could smell her unique scent, she smelt of earth and flora, he was of course used to the smell working in the forest but it seemed to be emanating from her like perfume or even pheromones.

"Ah....yes." He responded, seemingly unable to say anything further. She opened her eyes and looked directly into his. Her stare froze him on the spot.

"The elders tell me you are not to be harmed for your heart is pure, however I may still take payment for you trespass." She explained softly and smiled at her last remark.

"I'm sorry I don't have any money is there anything else I can help you with?" He asked wondering oddly why he was suddenly frightened of what she might ask. She just smiled deeper. "Most definitely." Her smiled became more mischievous. Suddenly he felt the earth beneath his feet move like an earthquake and the roots from below shot out and wrapped themselves around his ankles.

"What the?" He struggled to get free but they had a solid grip. In his effort to move he fell backward and although he expected a hard fall the dirt behind him was soft and seemingly shifted cushioning the impact. He tried to get up again but more roots from the ground burst out and wrapped around his wrists pulling them away from his body pinning him to the ground. The forest it seemed had come alive and was attacking him; the strange woman just stared and watched as he struggled to free himself.

"Can you help me?" He called out to her. She just smiled and giggled as if amused by his predicament. She clicked her fingers and another root snaked around his head over his mouth holding it down and terminated his ability to speak.

"I'm sorry it seems that I'm the one being rude now, my name is Niela. I'm a dryad or tree nymph in your folklore. We are guardians of the old forests, you humans only treat us as fairy tale but I can assure you we are quite real. Now, just lie back and relax" She explained. She crouched down on all fours and crawled toward him slowly eyeing him like prey she had just caught, ready to be eaten. "It's been so long since I've had human before. Especially one as yummy as you." She continued on licking her lips and she moved closer. She looked over his body inspecting him like a piece of meat. "These will have to go." She pointed to his clothing and small vines crept over his body gripping and pulling at his clothing ripping them from place.

He was now fully naked and pinned to the ground by tree roots, his legs were slightly apart and arms at his sides but slightly away from his body. The vines were now playfully tickling and caressing his body like a lover's fingers. He prayed to the gods that if he did not survive this that his daughter would be looked after. She eyed him over again and hummed with pleasure. He couldn't see it very well but could definitely feel her hand tracing a line from the top of his chest moving down toward his lower regions, he concentrated on not becoming aroused but once her finger started lightly stroking his manliness he knew it was a battle he couldn't win.

"My! What a large trunk we have here, I'll have to put this to use." She explained and went from one finger stroking to a light hand grip gently squeezing and stroking up and down. His member hardened in her hand and she hummed appreciatively at his response. "We need to put those roots to good use." She pointed to his fingers and positioned herself so that her behind was facing his right side, she then lifted her bottom clothing aside revealing her love flower open, moist and ripe for the taking, just to emphasise the fact she then used her free hand to spread herself open giving Darrak a view he could not turn away from. The roots from the ground holding his right wrist forced his hand toward her opening and stopped his hand short of touching her, all he needed to do was extend his fingers to touch her awaiting love flower.

She continued on his now rock hard "trunk" as she called it a little harder and faster making it difficult for him to concentrate. The temptation of touching her was too great now, he extended his middle finger ever so slightly and gently stroked her moist slit up and down once. She reacted immediately and flexing her body slightly toward him and hummed with pleasure. He dared another touch and stroked up and down again this time harder and faster, she reacted in turn. He added a second finger now using both middle and index increasing pressure and pace, her hips moved in time to his fingers and the roots securing his wrist loosened slightly allowing him easier movement. He started focusing more on the sensitive nub of flesh at the top of her slit which brought forth more vocal moans from her mouth.

As his pace on her increased so did hers on him matching him stroke for stroke, he held on, determined to win the race. He did. Several short strokes later she was shaking and screaming out as a wave of pleasure crashed down upon her, he kept his fingers working on her until she moved away from him, sensitive from the climax. She paused for a few moments not even stroking his trunk anymore, her breathing which had been very rapid during her release was slowing.

"My you do know how to work those roots of yours, but I would very much like to taste your sap and I think you need to taste my nectar." She said looking at him over her shoulder. Before he could ask what she meant his right arm was returned to its previous position and she crawled over him so that her legs were either side of his head giving his mouth perfect access to taste her "nectar". Before he could even respond to her movements felt her mouth engulf the tip of his manliness and suckling gently on it tasting his "sap" as she called it. She expertly moved her tongue circles around his now very sensitive tip causing him to make slight grunts and without giving him anytime to process the sensations she took him in completely. He closed his eyes shut trying not to lose himself, if this was the payment for his trespass then he was going make sure she got paid in full.

He closed his eyes and focused on holding back his release. After a short moment he opened his eyes and studied the beautiful flower in front of him. The smell of her arousal assaulted his senses, she had a normal woman's musky smell but it was also mixed with a flora scent. He didn't waste any time and immediately attacked her with his mouth paying special attention to the nub of flesh which he was sure was already very sensitive from her previous climax. His plan worked she became very distracted and moaned into his member stopping her expert movements completely. He licked up and down her slit quick and fast, pausing only to apply pressure to her clit. Her body started shaking again with pleasure and her moans although muffled with his manliness were increasing in volume, she only managed to gently suck on his tip while he brought her to yet again another climax.

He reduced his pace and pressure as she slowly came down from her high and whimpered ever so slightly at his final touch. He wondered how many she would take before his payment was complete. Without words she turned around and positioned herself just above his member. She took him in hand and massaged herself with his tip soaking him with her juices. He didn't truly realised how sensitive he had become until this moment. Then she slowly lowered herself, his "trunk" slowly eased inside her, she was warm, wet and very tight. It was almost like torture as he felt himself being slowly swallowed by her, he could feel her muscles squeeze and loosen around him, adjusting to his size, she hummed in pleasure and stared directly into his eyes as she worked herself down. When she was almost at the end she slammed herself down hard, her sudden movement brought forth a load moan from her and a loud grunt from him. She paused for several moments with him fully inside her no doubt enjoying the moment.

Before he had anytime to collect his thoughts she started moving , gyrating her hips in circles at first then moving back and forward. She lifted herself of him almost fully leaving only the tip in then slammed herself down again screaming out in pleasure. She resumed her movement with him fully inside settling with just moving back and forward. She leaned forward and offered her left breast to his mouth, he took it without hesitation and sucked gently whilst using his tongue over her erect nipple . She increased her speed grinding against him harder, he pushed his hips up as best he could and matched her movements, harder and faster they went until she climaxed again, her inner muscles tightened around him almost unbearably as she screamed out. 

He didn't know how he did it with all that was happening but he managed to hold on to himself. She spend a few seconds catching her breath then moved to sit upright on him which served to deepen his penetration of her. He was so deep inside her now he was certain his tip could feel the end of her.

"You're a tough nut to crack, but don't worry this time you'll give me what I want" She threatened him with a smile on her face. She resumed grinding herself on him, slowly picking up the pace. He looked up at her as best he could, her eyes were closed and she was working him with great determination, her inner muscles massaged his whole length and he knew this time he wouldn't be able to hold on. He moved his body in time with hers and slowly but surely he felt himself build up, he didn't hold back this time increasing his own hip movement up and down as she moved back and forward. The result was a mutual explosion of pleasure, as he released into her she climaxed on top of him, his member pumped life seed into her as her muscles squeezed every last drop out. They both pumped and rode each other out until each was spent and panting with exhaustion.

Darack didn't have the energy to remain conscious and feel into a deep slumber. When he awoke it was night, the eerie sounds of the forest were even more menacing at night, he took stock of his condition, despite the interesting and exciting encounter with the Dryad he felt healthy and well, he was no longer restrained by the roots proceeded to pull himself upright. When he managed to find his feet, Darack surveyed his immediate surroundings. The Dryad was not in the immediate vicinity but not only that he realised that she had moved him back to the edge of the forest near his home.

Darack gathered his belongings and headed back toward his home. His daughter was already home doing her homework; she was used to him working late and usually made her own way home from school. She was like the miniature version of her mother, bright green eyes and light brown hair with fair skin. Despite his renewed strength from his previous nap, his mental facilities felt exhausted and weary.

"I'm going to have an early one tonight sweet heart, are you okay to get yourself something to eat?" he asked strain, in his voice.

"Sure Daddy. Is everything okay? Did you get much wood today?" she asked innocently.

"Everything is fine sweetie. Goodnight." He replied and made his way to his room for a good night's rest. Tomorrow would bring new challenges and he needed to be well rested to face them.