 Valentine followed the couple through the glade and around the clump of boulders that formed a natural barrier. She felt self-conscious again as they walked past the gathered forest folks, aware of the dirt and cum covering her body. 

As they reached the pool, Val had to resist the urge to dive in. The pool was perfectly clear, the water tinged the slightest hint of deep, refreshing blue. Though large and mostly shallow, it flowed slowly through, with the stream trickling down through either ends. Further out the blue waters deepened to become a clear pool. The whole bottom, Val noticed, was lined with smooth and perfect river stones of different colors.

Valentine approached the clear pool, ready to wash the dirt off of her. She toed the water carefully, expecting it to be ice cold. Surprisingly, it was a near perfect temperature, only slightly cool. It felt good against her skin. She waded in to her stomach, enjoying the cool water against her swollen muscles and sore holes.

Flower and Bear were nuzzling and talking softly to each other, holding hands. Flower laughed lightly at something Bear said.

She turned and trotted a few paces away before laying down, folding her horse legs below her. She looked coyly above her shoulder at Bear and flicked her horse tail up and to the side, revealing a glistening pussy below it.

Bear trotted over to her, his horse cock already lengthening. He knelt behind her, his horse body straddling hers.

His horse cock slipped into her pussy easily, it's entire length disappearing. He was straddling her horse body, his human torso almost at her human back. She turned her head and they kissed, as his haunches started to rock, gently and slowly. Their kiss was tender and delicate despite the size and power of the two young centaurs. Soon the kiss became hungrier. His hands traveled across her exposed front as she reached back to lightly stroke his human cock.

Valentine had turned to pick up one of the strange colorful rocks that lined the pool, and her eyes fell on Bear and Flower gently making love. She blushed and turned away, focusing on the stone which was strangely fragrant, smelling of wildflowers. She rubbed water over it, and the scent grew stronger. Slowly, she dunked herself fully beneath the water, running her hands over her body and through her hair. She came up, soaked and refreshed, and started to rub the stone across her skin. The dirt and juices from the centaurs washed away easily, her skin feeling soft and glowing wherever the stone washed. As she cleaned herself, she turned back to watch the two centaurs. 

Bear stroked himself in and out of Flower, hands exploring her tight body, the heavy swell of her breasts. Valentine was amazed at the length of cock disappearing into Flower. Of course she can take it, she's just like him... she thought, remembering how thick and huge the chief had been inside of her despite not being all the way in. And Whistling Bear looked bigger... 

Flower was arching her human torso back, running her hands through Bear's hair as he kissed her neck, his hands playing across her breasts. His horse haunches were continuing their rolling motion, a slow pistoning of his huge cock into her pussy.

Flower dropped her hands and reached back towards the gap between their human torsos. She took Bear's hard cock in her hands and started to gently stroke it, her fingers light and nimble on it.

He nuzzled his face into her hair, his fingers pulling and pinching her nipples. He slid a hand down the front of her body until his fingers were brushing against the soft slit of her human pussy.

Val caught her hand slowly rubbing her own pussy, the water and washing stone seeming to have also greatly eased the swollen and aching parts of her. She kept an eye on the two beautiful creatures as the gentle current of the pool washed her dirt and filth away. 

Her eyes drifted between Bear's enormous member lovingly pounding into Flower, and Flower's gorgeous human torso. Valentine smiled. She set the washing stone down, her hands already drifting across her own body in arousal. She took a few steps closer, the water pooling gently around her knees now, her eyes locked on the scene in front of her.

Slowly, as if not to startle the lovers, Val stepped further out of the water, droplets running down her curves, wet hair framing her face. Her hands traced along her body in absentminded circles. Her feet landed on soft, almost luxurious grass. Her gaze was fixed on the two lovers as they moved almost in unison. 

She was hesitant to speak, but her curiosity won out. "How does... how does it feel? Having both done at once.. like that?" she almost whispered.

Flower looked at Valentine with eyes heavy-lidded with pleasure, her breath deep and quivering.

"It feels..." she said, her speech interrupted by the thrust of Bear's cock," like a part of your soul...is lost to pleasure...a deep, full, wet place...his fingers in me...are the high notes...his cock...strocking my whole...being...pushing pleasure..."

Val was only a few feet away now, aware of the slow, wet sounds as Bear moved himself inside of her. She could see his precum coating his human cock as she stroke him. His fingers were also slick with Flower's juices as he worked her human pussy slowly.

Flower smiled and gasped. "It's hard...to speak...to explain...he has...a magnificent...cock...yes?"

Her eyes locked with Val's, her lips parted, her tongue licking her lips. 

"Yes he does...both of them..." replied Val, breathing deep, as the smell of the pool, her freshly washed skin, and their arousal filled her nostrils. "And you..you're so beautiful.." She whispered, staring at Flower's gorgeous face, perky breasts, and that perfect torso. 

Flower slowly raised her hand, reaching out to Val. With a single finger she traced a line across Val's waist, her chest, tracing the outline of a breast, brushing against her nipple.

Her hand continued to travel up, along Val's neck, until Flower's palm rested on her cheek, cupping her face. Her thumb traced the lines of Val's lips before pushing inside of her mouth.

Val caught Bear staring at her over Flower's shoulder, his eyes bright with lust.

Val's head nuzzled into the cupping hand, small gasps escaping her lips as Flower's fingers ran across her body. She took the thumb into her mouth eagerly, sucking on it, letting her tongue run around and across it. Val reached up to cup Flower's hand as it rested on her face, the other hand moving to squeeze her own breast. She locked eyes with Bear, her lust echoing his own. 

Flower pulled Val closer, bringing her face to hers. With her horse body laying down, she was still taller than Valentine. She bent a bit and brought her lips to Val. Her lips were soft and warm, her hand still cradling Val's face as her tongue slid between her teeth to find her tongue. 

Her other arm wrapped around Valentine, bringing their bodies close, breasts pressed against one another. 

Valentine felt another hand, Bear's, reaching around to cup her ass.

She let herself be folded into their arms, her lips pressed to Flower's. Her tongue playfully started to dart back and forth with hers, escaping only to give her soft, delicious lips a small lick.

Valentine reached back to lightly smack Bear's hand away, pulling back from Flower long enough to reprimand him. 

"You wait your turn...you're plenty busy back there already." She said, smiling at him, before turning her attention back to his beloved. Flower chuckled, planting a peck on Val's lips.

Valentine's hands roamed across Flower's body, feeling the taut muscle of her stomach, moving to the supple flesh of her breasts. She lightly teased a nipple while her other hand traveled down to brush lightly against her exposed human sex, her fingers playing in the wetness there. 

Flower moaned in Val's mouth as the fingers brushed against the folds of her sex. Her own hand dropped down to Val's pussy, her fingers soft and delicate against the soft skin of her labia.

Her other hand brushed against Val's back, moving up and down from her ass to her neck.

Her tongue dug into Val's mouth with the same rhythm as her finger on her pussy. A rhythm set by Bear's giant cock sliding back and forth into her pussy.

Val rocked back and forth into her, feeling the rhythm and force of Bear's penetration. She wondered how long he could keep it up at that pace... Her hands explored the warm centaur body pressed against hers, one hand roaming over her soft skin, the other slipping fingers inside of her, feeling the wetness, probing her folds for her most sensitive spots. 

Flower gasped into Val's mouth when her fingers brushed against her clit. Val was surprised at the size of it, as big as a small thumb, tucked away between her folds. 

Flower's soft but long fingers curled into Val's equally soft and wet pussy, opening her up. One, then two fingers slid inside of her. Val moved her mouth to one of Flower's perky little nipples, sucking it into her mouth with her tongue. Val gasped against Flower as her long fingers probed the folds and depth of her sex and penetrate deeper. In return, Val's hand moved with renewed vigor, working the centaur's moist sex and sensitive clit.

Suddenly Bear pulled Flower's head back, his fist wrapped in her hair. His eyes were closed, his breath short and fast. Flower cried out at the sudden pain, but the squirt of juice from her pussy that hit Val's hand told another story.

"I'm gonna cum..." Grunted Bear.

"Cum in her, Bear...she deserves it..." Val moaned out as she hungrily devoured Flower's tits.

"Yes, yes.." panted Flower, caught between Val's tongue and fingers, and Bear's spamming cock.

Bear groaned, his head arched back, and started to cum, hard. His haunches pumped frantically, hard powerful thrusts that made Flower shake. They grabbed each other's hair and kissed hungrily, Flower's head thrown back. Their tongues danced in their mouths as they screamed their pleasure into each other's mouths.

Flower's pussy pulsed under Val's fingers, her pussy tightening, her juices flooding her hand. Val watched as the two centaurs devoured each other and shook together. She was awed by the power of the two bodies in front of her. The could crush her if they ever lost control. And yet they had both been so gentle.

Panting, the two centaurs finally stopped shaking. They held each other for a few moments, still, holding each other. Val rested her hands on Flower's hips, waiting, smiling. She could feel a single drop of her own juice running down her inner thigh. 

Bear finally stood up, pulling his huge cock out of Flower's drenched pussy. Bear staggered and trotted to the side, trying to catch his breath. His horse cock was slimy with a mix of his cum and Flower's juices, half hard. His human cock was still at full mast, smacking against his belly.

The sudden pull out of the thick cock out of her pussy made Flower gasp and shiver with pleasure. She grabbed hold of Val as another, smaller, quake of pleasure shook her. 

Val gasped along with Flower, pressed against her soft breasts. She could hear the thumping of a massive heart pumping in her chest. As Bear trotted off, Val's gaze fell onto his impressively large human cock, stiff and swollen. She eyed it hungrily, running her fingers along Flower's torso. 

She reached out towards his erection, asking no one in particular, "Can I... do you mind if I..."

"My love!" Flower called out, her hand out to call Bear towards her.

He walked back to the embracing women, approaching slowly until he was standing barely a foot away from them. His hard human cock bounced in front of the women, level with their hungry faces. Flower reached out and gently stroked his hard human cock with her finger tips. She folded her hand closed around its base. She turned to Val, and with her free hand she gently pushed her towards Bear's rigid cock.

Val locked eyes with Flower for only a moment, and seeing the acceptance and love there, she let herself be guided forward. Licking her lips, she bent her head towards the enormous erection. Her mouth opened wide, her tongue teasing the top of Bear's throbbing member. She felt Flower press her head gently, her hand guiding his cock into her mouth. She took it in inch by inch, until she was finally gagging on half of his thick length. 

Flower watched, fascinated by the play of Val's lips on the thick shaft. Bear moaned, his hand on Flower's shoulder. 

Flower stood up, getting close. She kissed Bear as he reached for her breast, thumbing her nipples. Flower's hand left Val's head and instead started to rub Bear's heavy balls. Bear's hand dropped to the back of Val's head, guiding her deeper on his cock. His hips rocked a bit, his cock fucking her mouth.

Val opened her throat as best as she could, letting his hot shaft slide in and out of her throat. She came up occasionally for air, not pulling his cock out of her mouth, but moving enough to breathe. She let her tongue caress and tease his shaft, wrapping her hands around it as Flower worked his heavy sack. Even with both her hands half wrapped around the thick human dick, there is still more jutting out than she could take in her mouth. She started to jerk him, squeezing, slow and steady, matching her motions with her mouth and his hips. 

"Cum in my pussy, fill my cunt with your seed" whispered Flower to Bear.

Bear hesitated, his hand on Valentine's head. A thick stream of precum was already filling her mouth. He was so close to cumming his cock was throbbing in her hand, on her tongue. 

Flower moved closer still.

Valentine slowed her strokes, eager to taste Bears sweet cum on her tongue, but not wanting to offend the beautiful, and very large, centaur female. She pulled her head off of his cock, glancing between both of them cautiously, gently aiming his throbbing and near erupting member towards Flower's wet pussy.

The engorged tip of his cock slid easily between the wet folds of Flower's pussy. With her nose inches from the action, Val could see and smell their excitement. 

Bear sunk into Flower in one stroke. He pushed in a second time and Val could see his balls tighten. He grunted and shot jets of cum into her pussy, thick white cum overflowing out of her, coating his shaft and balls, coating her pussy. Val watched amazed, massaging his balls as he came in Flower's wet pussy. She got a little jealous as he filled Flower, not only from her getting Bear's seed, but at how easily she could take his massive cock. 

He pulled out, grunting, his cock streaming cum.

He grabbed Val by the back of the head and shoved his cock in her mouth, sending his last jet of cum down her throat.

All thoughts had vanished except for tasting him. Val gazed up at him, enjoying the pleasure on his face as she took his cock into her mouth, swallowing as much as she could of his shooting cum. She felt it fill her mouth and throat, even as she was gulping, as it over flowed and ran down her chin, dripping onto her breasts. She massaged his shaft and balls, milking every drop eagerly while she looked up at him. 

Bear and Flower embraced, arms around each other's shoulders. Bear clung to Flower as waves of pleasure shook him, as Val's tongue traveled up and over, around his cock, cleaning it thoroughly. 

Finally satisfied, Val sat back, a gooey grin on her face. 

Bear and Flower both looked down at Val with big smiles on their faces.

Bear reached down and stroked her face with his giant, gentle hand.

"What about you, Pond Of Surprising Depth And Sweetness, have we met your needs as well as you have met ours?" He said.

"Rom will be waiting to meet her." Cautioned Flower.

"He of all people would understand." Replied Bear.