 He was perfectly aware of the presence that entered his mind when he was prone, but he wasn't able to fight it. It was just there, sitting in his brain like a parasite and mocking his efforts to rid himself of it. He shuddered, hating his helplessness. His hands were clenched into fists, but suddenly, they relaxed and opened without him allowing them to do so. His eyes closed and remained that way. The parasite had taken over control. He wanted to scream, but even this was not allowed by the parasite. Instead, he felt a body being flung at him, and hands clawing at his face. 

He grabbed the wrists and pinned them down without thinking, laying his weight on the other body to still it, and noticed he was naked. So was the woman beneath him, who was still fighting him. All he could feel was his skin on hers. 

"Shh," he whispered, and felt himself grow hard surprisingly quickly. He felt her spit in his face, but he ignored it. When her body continued to fight his, pressing against him in the process, he simply grunted and worked to part her thighs with his. He could only take so much teasing. His cock was throbbing painfully by now, and knew he needed release. He could still feel the parasite in the back of his mind, but satisfying his need had taken precedence over fighting the other presence. 

He tried to take both of her hands into one of his to hold her down, but she was surprisingly strong. He finally just rammed a shoulder into her, knocking the wind out of her, and gained a few valuable seconds. As his hand wandered down her body, he noticed crusts of what he assumed to be dried blood, and when he scratched at them, he could smell the metallic scent he knew so well. He found her cunt under a mess of tangled hair, his need too strong to be turned off by any of this. 

When she started to move again, he entered her, fast. He could hear her gasp and then scream again, moving her hips to meet his thrusts. He gave a triumphant groan and rode her, knowing he wouldn't last long, but knowing just as certainly that they had to orgasm together. He worked hard at it, finding her clit under the tangled hair and pinching it. She seemed to like it, bucking her hips again before he felt her long nails claw his face. He ignored her. 

Finally, he simply couldn't hold back any longer. To his horror, he felt compelled to tilt his head and allow her access to his neck, something he had never done in his life. When she sank her fangs into him, he suddenly felt the bloodlust too, even as he poured himself into her. The knife that materialized in his hand served only to cement the decision, and he rolled over onto his back, taking her with him, and stabbed her in one fluent motion. 

She convulsed on top of him, and he could feel something being sucked out of her body and entering his. It was the strangest sensation, and suddenly, he was disgusted by the smell of filth that emanated from her body. He dislodged her fangs and pushed her limp body off him, just when he noticed that the parasite was leaving him. It took whatever he had just received from the woman with it, and left him laying there, alone and shaking. 

