 Chapter 2

Jarek and Harmony Fen were quickly becoming the most successful and most sought after cargo haulers on the Dark Run. They ran a massive Heron 85 deep space hauler by themselves -- it was also named Harmony, but not after Mrs. Fen, or at least not exactly -- and their ability to trim days or even weeks off of a job by cutting through the more treacherous regions of space had generated a nice profit. But it was also gaining them a reputation. For many reasons, not the least of which was their intensely private nature, that was a growing concern.

After nearly a year, the joining of Giselle and Astra remained as an entirely new AI that existed in both the ship and the former fuckbot body. They were functionally the same machine, but the whole had turned out to be more than the sum of the parts. As a starship, Harmony's navigational precision was without equal. And as an android, Harmony's vast processor and memory capacity allowed her to look and act entirely human. Nobody was ever likely to guess her true nature, and Jarek was the only person alive who knew about it.

Of course, Giselle had not been the only GSL-450 pleasure bot with her face and body. In fact, she had apparently been a popular line in her time, and she sometimes drew glances of recognition when the couple was in port. But the fusion between her and the ship had also had expressed itself physically, and Harmony's appearance was no longer exactly what it had been. Most of the changes were subtle. But some, such as the streak of Astra's white hair splitting Harmony's otherwise jet black, were more dramatic; and Jarek suspected that people who recognized his wife simply assumed that the resemblance was their imagination or that perhaps she had been the model for fuckbot manufacturer. Her slender athletic body and exotic features would certainly have qualified her for the job, and in fact many of the second glances that she elicited were most likely due to her beauty alone. He had learned to ignore leering stares of the sort that they were receiving now as they strolled down the decadent main promenade of station Pran IV, and Harmony had never even noticed them to begin with.

The name of the station was an inside joke on the Run, as there was no Pran I, II, or III; nor was the facility in any way related to the fourth planet of any star system. It was, however, the first station to use an experimental replacement for the singularity-based artificial gravity technology that the military had confiscated on their final pullout from the region. The proposed schematics for the facility had been evaluated by an early AI system called P.R.A.N.N.- nobody remembered what it stood for - that predicted each of the first three designs would result in a catastrophic implosion. But the fourth design, while still being insanely dangerous, was at least slightly more stable; and that was the one that had been constructed. It was an icon of the renegade attitude of Dark Run inhabitants, and although it was more than 100 years old and still in one piece, spending time on the station was a status symbol among spacers. That was part of the reason that Harmony was docked there in spite of her cargo being headed for a station much farther down the Run. But more so than its colorful history, the main attraction of the station was its very high concentration of morally questionable recreational activities. People such as the Fens did not pass Pran IV without stopping.

Their usual routine was to make the rounds through several of the strip clubs that Jarek had frequented before meeting Harmony. She indulged him because he liked the atmosphere of the places, but they were really far too tame for her tastes. Inevitably, at Harmony's insistence, they would eventually end up passing in front of one of the station's more tasteful brothels. She would jokingly ask whether their budget could stand a little more fun, which had been humorous in the early days of their business because she was the most sophisticated computer for light years around and could quite easily calculate their financial status. It was even more humorous now because their financial status would soon cross the line between modest and obscene wealth. Jarek played along with the game, just as he liked to keep up the illusion that the trips to the brothels were for Harmony's benefit alone. But they both knew that what Harmony wanted would not exactly be an inconvenience for her husband.

Unless she was in a particularly wicked mood, Harmony tended to be a watcher. For his part, it pleased Jarek to no end to simply sit at the bar and drink his favorite spice rum while Harmony carefully chose him a companion. Her taste was exquisite, and other than an Astra-inspired No Blondes policy that he wholeheartedly endorsed, she somehow managed to choose a completely distinct experience every time. It was a redhead today, with long and tightly curled hair that was almost the same earthy color as the freckles decorating her shapely bare shoulders and dancing down her chest under the deep cut of her satin gown. 

The transaction apparently negotiated, the redhead slinked over the bar and introduced herself - Nia, she said her name was - before taking Jarek by the hand and leading him down a hallway to the private rooms. Harmony trailed behind, and when Jarek glanced over his shoulder, she was wearing a delicious smile. He gave her a wink to show that he liked her choice, and she blew him a kiss in return.

The room was luxurious but not garish, and it was anchored by a large and inviting bed clad in soft silver sheets that complimented the deep blue curtains hung from every wall. A plush chair in the same blue velvet was lodged in a corner facing the bed - it was clearly meant for voyeuristic observers - and Harmony headed straight for it. She fell into the chair and propped her feet on the edge of the bed, one ankle crossed over the over, and leaned back with her hands behind her head. A wry smile still decorated her angled face. Fen sat on the edge of the bed and cocked an eyebrow at Nia, signaling that we wanted to watch her undress.

There wasn't all that much to her outfit to begin with, but Nia made the most of it as she turned slowly away and seductively drew down the zipper at the back of her dress. She let it slip off her shoulders, and her slender figure was revealed in the soft light. She was about the same shape and height as Harmony, but with a slightly softer and fuller ass marked by sexy dimples on each side. She turned back around and sauntered to Jarek, taking his hands and letting him explore her freckled body. The pink nipples on her pert breasts were small, but they grew larger as Jarek gently picked them and then sucked each into his mouth in turn.

Nia peeled his leather pilot's jacket from his shoulders and then tugged his loose shirt from the waist of his pants. He reluctantly pulled his mouth away from the hard nub of flesh that it was entertaining, and Nia pulled the shirt over his head. She slowly trailed her painted fingertips down his muscular chest and abdomen until they reached his belt, which she deftly unhooked. She let her skilled hand fall to the bulge in his pants, and as if were needed, she coaxed him to excitement as she gently pushed him back on the bed. 

As Jarek relaxed into the decadent comfort of the mattress, Nia gently pulled off his boots and then ran her hands back up to his crotch. She unzipped his pants with agonizing suspense and pulled them off his legs. Finally unrestrained, his thick cock sprang straight up and was waiting impatiently as she lowered her velvety mouth over it. Jarek glanced over at Harmony and smiled thankfully at her, but then he rolled back and closed his eyes with pleasure as he felt the tip of his dick brush the back of Nia's throat. She worked slowly, expertly building him toward climax. But just as he felt himself nearing the edge, she pulled away.

Jarek looked down to see Nia's lovely green eyes staring back at him. She rose up from her kneeling position in front of the bed and straddled him. He braced for the pleasure of feeling his dick enveloped in her warm cunt, but instead, she used her hips to flatten hi erection against his hard abdomen and slowly dragged herself across it without letting him in. Her wetness left a trail along his shaft, and he felt his tip just barely penetrate her amazingly tight entrance as it passed over. With surprising elegance, she kept pulling herself forward until her pink flesh was directly over his face. He grinned when he saw that even her bald pussy lips were dotted with light freckles.

Jarek could smell her deep musk, and he eagerly accepted the gift as she lowered herself to his mouth. He had always thought that redheads somehow had a different taste - spicy was the best way to describe it - and Nia was no exception. She writhed on his face while he sucked on her tiny clit and then penetrated her delicious depths with his tongue. She had wedged her knees under his arms, leaving his hands free to explore her firm body, and they found their way to her small breasts. He ran his palms over her hard nipples and then grabbed and pinched them as she let out a deep moan.

Jarek felt her walls suddenly constrict against his tongue, and a small rush of warm liquid washed over his face. Nia screamed with the strength of her orgasm, and then barely stopping to catch her breath, she somehow turned herself around. She bent over his raging erection, and her cunt was pushed down on his mouth again. Jarek was happy to oblige, especially when he felt her talented mouth close around him. He reached up to grab her hips and pull her even closer, and she answered by stroking his cock with one hand while the other massaged his aching balls. He trailed his hands over her ass and then gently pulled her lips further apart to give himself even more access. With some effort, he worked a finger into each of her snug holes and was rewarded by her hand tightening on his cock and pumping it faster and faster. Combined with the teasing motion of her tongue around the head of his dick, he could feel his orgasm building to a shattering climax.

He turned his head to the side, as he liked to watch Harmony watching him when he came, but she had a troubled look on her face. It was a look that he knew, and it was the single robotic idiosyncrasy that she retained in her new identity. To most people, it would probably look like deep concentration. But Jarek recognized the frozen detachment and slight roll of her eyes as the result of parsing through huge amounts of incoming data in search of a particular string. She snapped back just as he was about to shoot a load into Nia's hungry mouth.

"We have to go, Jarek," Harmony said, suddenly jumping to her feet "Now!"

"What the fuck!" the companion swore as she pulled away from Jarek's suddenly deprived cock. A thick line of spit hung from her mouth and swung violently away as the companion turned and shot an angry glare at Harmony. She would have launched into a tirade, but the room's overhead chandelier suddenly changed from its sensual glow to a harshly bright blue. Before Jarek could react, Nia was up and shoveling her clothes into her arms. She disappeared through a private door behind the curtains without saying another word, and Jarek could only watch her go.

"I guess you'll have to finish me off," he started to joke with Harmony, but she was pulling him to his feet with one powerful arm and tossing clothes at him with the other.

"What?" Jarek protested. "It's just a raid."

Brothels were pervasive and at least informally legal on most Dark Run stations, which was to say that local authorities generally looked the other way so long as the bribery revenue flowed. Harassing raids were a common tactic when the terms of the revenue were due for renegotiation, and this wasn't the first time that Jarek had been interrupted, but the police never bothered with customers who were smart enough to quickly and quietly go on their way. Harmony knew that, and for a moment, Jarek was confused by her desperate urgency. But then he remembered that AI computers frequently communicated with each other through a sort of telemetry that humans hadn't entirely figured out yet, and some friendly system on the station must have warned Harmony that there was something else going on.

"Come on," was the only explanation that he was apparently going to get, and he followed his wife out into the corridor while trying to pull his clothes on at the same time. She was already clearing a path through the crowd of frustrated but otherwise indifferent customers milling about, and Jarek was hopping on one foot with a boot still in his hand when Harmony darted out of the crowd toward a side entrance to the building. He caught up with her just as she cracked the door open and peered out, but two heavily armed officers were waiting in the alley.

"Hey!" one of them yelled and then slapped his partner on the arm. "Shit, that's them!"

Harmony slammed the door shut and locked it, and then she turned and ran past a bewildered Jarek.

"Were they waiting for us?" he called after her, but she didn't answer the obvious question.

Harmony suddenly ducked into the room that they had been sharing with Nia and headed straight for the back. She kicked the second door open with barely a missed step, and Jarek heard screams coming from the chamber beyond. He followed through the doorway and saw that the brothel madam was trying unsuccessfully to calm a dozen or more companions in various states of undress.

"Hey! You can't be back here," she started to say, but she had to jump out of the way as Harmony brushed past her. "What the hell, Fen!" she called out as Jarek also ran through. He turned back and shrugged innocently.

"Sorry, Rae," he shouted. "See ya next time." He barely heard the long string of profanity that followed.

They were in a small hallway behind the dressing room now, and it looked at first glance to be a dead end. But when Harmony reached the back wall, she bent down and pulled up a maintenance hatch. She looked back to make sure that Jarek was still keeping up and then dropped through the hatch. Jarek reached the opening and was about to jump in after her, but he stopped short and teetered on the edge. The drop had to be at least five meters to a catwalk below, and Harmony was staring up at him from the bottom with a look of impatience that she wore whenever she forgot that his body couldn't do everything that hers could.

As soon as he touched down, they were off and running again. They had to dodge around awkwardly jutting conduits and an occasional worker, but even over the din of the mechanical deck, he could hear the heavy footfalls and shouts of a surprising number of security officers following far too close behind. Jarek was perplexed by the pursuit, as Pran's police usually didn't chase fugitives much beyond arm's reach.

"Do we have something in the hold that I don't know about?" Fen asked he ran, making a dangerous reference to one of the couple's first arguments.

"No more than usual," Harmony joked back. She knew to the last gram exactly what was in every container on Harmony, but she had begrudgingly accepted Jarek's adherence to the policy of polite ignorance that most Dark Run captains took toward their cargo.

"What the fuck, then?" Jarek yelled. "Who'd you piss off?"

"What makes you think I did it? You're the one in charge, love."

"Yeah? Then how come you're in front and I don't have a fucking clue where we're going?"

"Because you're really good at delegating."

Jarek was about to say something else, but Harmony shot around another oddly placed panel. There was a small door behind it with a keypad, and she quickly entered a long code and then threw the door open. She literally dragged Jarek into the small compartment and slammed the door shut. There was a clank as the lock engaged, and Harmony held a finger to her lips. Jarek listened to the muffled chaos outside as their pursuers rushed past the room. He was about to breathe a sigh of relief, but he stifled it when he heard a pair of boots stop suddenly. There were more shouts, and then he heard the security officers coming back.

He turned to Harmony, but instead of looking nervous, she had a mischievous sparkle in her eyes. Her finger was still over mouth, but she slowly pulled it downward and hooked her lower lip with the tip. Seductively, she let the tip of tongue slip through her teeth. She gave her finger a long lick as her other hand teased his cock through the suddenly tight fabric of his pants. There was a rattle outside as someone tried the locked door, but at the same time, Harmony moved her finger from her mouth and grabbed Jarek by the back of his neck. She pulled him down to her waiting mouth and kissed him deeply as she grabbed his crotch with her other hand and applied pressure to his aching cock in a way that only she knew how to do. Under ordinary circumstances, she could make him cum that way in less than a minute. But because he had been so close already with Nia, it took only a few seconds this time. Harmony worked her fingers into his hair and gave a hard tug, and he shot a huge load of hot semen into his pants. His body shook as he tried desperately not to scream out. By the time the orgasm subsided, the boots outside were moving away.

"Evil!" Jarek breathed as Harmony finally broke the kiss.

"Well you asked me to finish you off," she teased. "You might want to cover that up."

"I don't want to question my own delegating," Jarek started as he rearranged his clothes to hide the wet spot on his pants, "but..."

"Where are we going?" Harmony finished.

"Yeah," Jarek said. "There's got to be security crawling over the ship-" He paused as Harmony shot him a glare. At times, she could be as obtusely stubborn as she had been back when she was a simple fuckbot, and she had no patience whatsoever for when he slipped up in the name game. She referred to the ship as 'I' and 'me,' and she expected Jarek to use 'you.' 

"There were a couple of guards at the airlock," she started to say.

"Were?" Jarek interrupted. "Where'd they go?"

"Nowhere, dear. I'm not at the airlock anymore."

"Oh," Jarek said as he followed Harmony back down the catwalk the same way that they had just come. "Then where are you?"

"It's a surprise," Harmony said with a grin. "Don't worry; you'll hate it."

"Well that's good," Jarek replied. "Do I get a hint?"

"Nope. Excuse me, sir." Harmony shoved a worker away from where he was tossing bags of trash into a large opening in the wall.

"Hey!" the worker protested, but she ignored him. Jarek looked at her and then at the trash chute.

"No," he said. "No way."

"Fine," Harmony said. "I'll go first."

Before Jarek could stop her, she grabbed the edge of the chute and swung herself into the opening. He watched her disappear and then looked at the station worker, whose mouth was hanging wide open.

"How far down is that?" Jarek asked casually.

"Umm..." the worker stammered.

"Yeah," Jarek said as he tentatively swung his legs over the opening. "That's what I thought."

The drop was even longer than he had suspected, three or four decks at least, but he landed more or less safely in a pile of the foulest smelling refuse that he had ever encountered. He didn't know whether it was the stench or the sudden rearrangement of his internal organs from the fall, but he rolled over on his knees and let loose his lunch and every last drop of spice rum in his stomach.

"You okay?" Harmony called from a few meters away. She was also on her knees, and she was digging through the trash toward the deck beneath it.

"Blegh," was all that Jarek could get out.

"Good," Harmony said. "Over here."
