 It had been a most uneventful night, Cian noted. He was sitting on the windowsill, his back leaning against the sturdy wall. He was safely hidden somewhere between the curtains waving lazily in the slight breeze and the solitary candle casting confusing, dancing shadows on the walls. 

Besides, if Cian didn't want to be seen, he wouldn't be. Not that it mattered. 

He cast his eyes down at the couple fucking on the bed by the far wall. His friend Briar, who knew perfectly well that Cian was here. And the girl he had picked up, who would soon be dead. 

The girl's hands wormed themselves tightly into Briar's ash blond hair and she pulled him down for a kiss. Briar groaned as he thrust hard inside her, continuing the assault on her cunt that had begun quite a while before. Cian turned up the corners of his mouth; who would have thought Briar was in such a good shape? No wonder Meraja fucked him so much. 

Cian felt a small twinge of regret as he thought of his former lover, her angelic face flushed and head thrown back in ecstasy. The way she had looked when he had first caught them in bed together, a few years ago. The way she had so often looked when Cian had bedded her. He wasn't a sore loser by any means, but he still missed fucking her sometimes. Like right now. 

The girl's moan brought him back to reality. Briar was still riding her hard; he had brought his hand down to her clit and was stroking it furiously. His other hand was busy pinching her breast and keeping her still. She was actually quite pretty, Cian realized, with creamy white skin and long silky black hair. Her long legs were wrapped around Briar's waist, and the red flush on her skin was turned into a soft glow by the candlelight. One of her nipples was an angry red because Briar had bitten it just moments ago, but now it was merrily bouncing up and down with its partner. 

Cian watched it with fascination for a moment, taking in her shapely curves. He liked her breasts, definitely more than a handful there. Her curvy ass was planted firmly on the bedsheet now, but Cian had seen it earlier when she had knelt in front of Briar, incidentally giving Cian a perfect view of the area between her legs. It was a pity, really, that Briar wouldn't let her live to see the morning. 

Cian could see that the girl was close now, and by Briar's moans, he could tell that his friend was as well. He leaned forward in anticipation as Briar tried his best to time their orgasms perfectly, a trick Cian had actually taught him a long time ago. The girl finally started to shake frantically, head tossed back and eyes squeezed shut. Her nails clawed into Briar's back, marking the blemish-free skin. She moaned again and Cian could see the orgasm ripple through her like a tidal wave. Now, he thought. Now.

And as if he had said it aloud, Briar groaned and started to pour his release inside her while his hand pushed aside her head to give him access to her neck. She spasmed right when he started to sink his teeth into her and he didn't meet his mark, but it didn't matter, it was close enough. Cian licked his lips unconsciously as he imagined how her blood must taste right now, freshly after her orgasm. He had tasted this sort so many times but it was still different each time, each girl had her own unique flavor of endorphin-enriched blood. But each was delicious and unmatched. 

The girl screamed now, not in pleasure but in pain and panic. Her arms flayed to the side and she thrashed wildly, not that it would have bothered Briar. He was too busy sucking in the essence of her life, his hands with years of practice keeping her still enough to continue his drink undisturbed. 

There was a flash of silver and orange, and suddenly a sound Cian couldn't identify. It took him a few seconds to figure out what had just happened, and his eyes widened in surprise. 

The girl had managed to grasp the steak knife that had fallen from the table earlier and had landed right by the bed. Now, it was lodged firmly in Briar's back, her shaking hand still clasped around the handle as his body convulsed on top of her. Cian tried to estimate the angle and to figure out if it had hit his heart, but he couldn't be sure. Ironically, it had been Briar that had made the knife fall by pushing her against the table earlier, after they had eaten, too busy bending her over and sliding his cock inside her to care about fallen silverware. The irony seemed to be lost on both participants of the act though, since the girl was still shaking with shock, and Briar had a knife sticking in his back and wasn't moving any more. The girl's hand finally came off the handle, and she struggled to lift Briar's head away from her throat, an act made difficult by the fact that his fangs were still firmly lodged inside her. Once she accomplished it though, the girl managed to push the large man off her body, turning him over in the process, and when Cian saw Briar's face, it became obvious to him that his friend was dead. His eyes were wide and his mouth open, grimacing in pain, though frozen in its motion. Blood was splattered all over Briar's face, making him look all the more demonic in death. 

The girl weakly pulled herself up, grasping a napkin from the table and pressing it against her bleeding neck. She started to crawl towards the door, dragging the blanket with her and moaning in obvious pain, but halfway there managed to pull herself up on a chair and walked the rest of the way, doubled over, blanket wrapped around her. 

Cian simply sat there until she was gone. He was still somewhat stunned by the events that had just passed, surprised that she had even mustered the force to stab him, and even more so that she seemed to have managed to hit his heart quite by luck. He considered mourning for his friend for a moment, but then decided against it with a chuckle. Briar's betrayal had been too recent to waste any thought on him in death. Cian would have to tell the others and collect the essence, that was the only thing of importance right now. 

Maybe not such an uneventful night after all, he decided, and leaped out the window. 

