 He recognized her scent, and the feeling of her hair dragging across his chest before he even opened his eyes. She was laying on top of him, kissing small trails across his chest, and he sighed contently when he finally looked at his former lover. She was beautiful, her red hair surrounding her face like a halo of fire, and her green eyes looking at him intently, waiting for his reaction. He sighed and stretched out his hands for her. 

They kissed for what seemed like forever. His hands wandered across her body, brushing the tips of her breasts, sliding over her curves. When they finally parted, he took a long look at her face, something which he hadn't done in a very long time. She was still heart-achingly beautiful, her sensually curved lips shaking ever so slightly in arousal, her green eyes looking at him, dazed. 

He knew her body well, and his hands reached between her legs with certainty. She moaned as he worked his magic, rubbing her clit and fucking her with three fingers. She threw back her head, red hair flying, and he smiled at the sight. He had missed this. 

"Yes," she moaned, "Please... please!"

He guided her hips to his waiting cock. He was hard, had been since he had sensed her presence, and he couldn't help closing his eyes in enjoyment when she finally mounted him and he felt his cock sliding up and inside her. They both moaned, kissed some more, and he helped her keep the rhythm of her slowly grinding hips by moving his alongside hers. 

"I missed you," she whispered, sucking on his ear, and he could only groan in agreement. He moved his hand between them once more, he could feel himself getting close and he didn't want her to think he was being egoistic. Her face flushed when he pinched her clit over and over again, expertly inflicting just the right amount of pain for her to translate into pleasure. As her moans became high pitched and he could feel his release flooding her, he offered her his wrist without thinking. Only when she sank her fangs into him and he felt the knife in his other hand did he realize what was happening. 

"No!" he groaned, but the parasite in his mind, whose presence he hadn't noticed until now, took over his actions and plunged the knife into his lover's body, slipping it just under the ribs and into her heart.

Her green eyes were wide, staring at him, not understanding. He knew he had betrayed her, just like she had betrayed him all those years ago, but what he had done was a hundred times worse. 

"I'm sorry," he whispered as she slowly slumped, the life leaving her and her essence slowly surging up his arm. He wondered faintly why he cared so much, and then he felt himself plunged once more into the darkness as her body vanished from his sight. 

"No!" he cried, reaching out for her and feeling only emptiness. 

