 She was submerged in darkness. She was conscious, but she couldn't see, or feel anything. There was just soothing coolness, silence, and pitch black night. 

Suddenly, there was something. A tingling in her neck, and then the sickening sensation of not being in control of her actions, of her body being taken over by some other being. She moved without wanting to, powerless against whoever had taken over her physical self. But without warning, there was someone else.

She could smell the scent of male sweat, and a second later unwillingly opened her eyes to take in the dark, olive colored skin of the other. He was naked, she noticed with mild surprise. 

There was no talking, only the feeling of being lifted upwards and then sinking down onto the other. He had soft, tempting looking lips, and she kissed him without thinking, running one hand through his long, black hair. She tasted something on his lips that she couldn't identify, but it only served to heighten her lust. He responded fiercely, rolling on top of her and pressing himself against her. His breath tickled her throat as he kissed a trail down to her shoulder, then came back up to slowly suck on her earlobe. She could feel his hand move down her body and between her legs, could feel herself getting wet at the mere touch. 

She could hear the one with her moan when his finger dipped into the wetness between her legs, and she involuntarily reached down for him. He was hard and ready, but at the same time he felt like living velvet. She wrapped her hand fully around him, encouraged by the small noise he made, and could feel his finger slide further into her at the same time. Silky black hair brushed over her face when he moved to kiss her again. 

His other hand reached down to join the first in pleasuring her. She moaned when a second finger entered her, carefully exploring her depths. 

"Oh, please," she whispered, then sighed contently when a third finger entered her. His dark eyes looked into hers for just a second, then he removed his fingers and moved into a better position atop her. 

She spread her legs automatically. He rubbed sensually along her thigh, leaving a slight wet trail as he moved towards her center. They kissed again, this time for long as their tongues toyed with each other and he slowly parted her folds. He slid inside her almost too quickly, making her gasp, but the pleasant sensations soon overshadowed the initial feelings of discomfort. He was big, warm and pulsating inside her, eagerly thrusting deeper. 

She welcomed him, thighs wide open, arms wrapped around him. His pace quickened soon, he was getting more and more aroused, and suddenly, something inside her shifted, changed her feelings for the worse. She felt no longer aroused, but bloodthirsty. 

She wanted him to die. 

Yet, she let him fuck her, watched as his eyes glazed over slightly, as his face contorted in pleasure. Then, when he was close, she offered him her neck and guided his mouth to the soft, inviting flesh. As she felt the teeth puncture her skin she had the most dreadful feeling of déjà vu, but at the same time she couldn't stop herself from doing what she felt she had already done. The knife materialized in her hand as if by magic, and as his body spasmed in orgasm, she thrust it into his body right below the ribs. 

This time, she could feel the exchange of something that reluctantly left his body and was absorbed by hers. It was like a pulsating, glowing thread of energy, a promise of power and strength. 

But then, she felt another part of her pulled away, and she screamed as all sensations faded and she was once again left in the darkness. 

