 Noor stood in front of them very suddenly, and Hannah jumped when the woman bared her teeth at them. 

"We must keep moving," she said, her voice unusually deep. Hannah turned to Cian, who had fallen asleep in the middle of the street, and shook him gently. 

The vampire's eyes opened very slowly. Hannah understood he was exhausted, probably even more so than she was. Cian groaned when he recognized Noor and Hannah, and he got to his feet sluggishly. 

"Did you dream again?" Hannah asked, and he shook his head mutely. 

Noor tried to get them moving again with urgency, pulling first Hannah and then Cian along by their arms. Hannah assumed that this meant they hadn't left danger behind just yet, and she soon found her walking rhythm again, staring blankly ahead as she tried not to think of her exhaustion. 

The street was turning again now, leading away from the grey buildings again. Hannah was glad to leave the creepy city behind her, even though the surroundings didn't get any more cheerful. They were surrounded by dark hills of volcanic stone, and once in a while, they encountered dead, charred trees. 

"What will you do when you get back?" Noor's voice suddenly cut through the silence. Hannah chewed her lip and thought. That was a good question. The answer depended in part just what place they would return to, and if she had a weapon when she got there. 

"I'm going to find out who has been hunting my kind, and kill them," Cian replied to the question, matter-of-factly. 

"Why would anyone collect essences?" Hannah wondered aloud. Cian gave a short, bitter laugh at her question. 

"You of all people should know. You've got one. Suddenly you can heal and do all kinds of other neat tricks."

"I didn't ask for this!" Hannah defended herself. 

"No," Cian replied, "but someone else might."

Hannah lowered her eyes as she considered his words. What he said made sense. Someone else was after the vampires' powers, and she had inadvertently found a way to get them. That didn't mean it was her fault the attacks were happening, but she still felt guilty.

She checked her feelings just as she had finished that thought. This was insane. There was no way she should feel sorry for the death of the creatures who had tried to kill her, who killed innocent people every day. Yet she did, and that made her more than just uncomfortable. She really needed to get out of this strange place. 

"How long is it until we arrive at wherever we're going?" she asked Noor. The woman turned towards her. 

"We'll rest soon," was all she said. 

At this point, Hannah was starting to become more concerned about food than rest. Her stomach had been empty for a while, but now, it was starting to really hurt and she could feel the lack of energy acutely. 

She froze when she heard the sound of water. She hadn't dared ask Noor for a drink, especially after she had found out that the water was needed to repel the Thuarins -- the glass creatures. If there was a river nearby, she might be able to satisfy at least one of her needs. 

Cian seemed to think along similar lines. His eyes were darting around the barren landscape, as if searching for the source of the water. When they reached the top of yet another hill, Hannah finally discovered it. 

A small river ran along the bottom of the hill, appearing black because of its volcanic bed. When they got closer, Hannah could see the rock through the clear water, and she sighed appreciatively. Water sounded very good right about now. 

"We will rest here," Noor told them, dropping her three packs. Hannah ignored her and knelt down by the river, ignoring the rock digging into her skin as she scooped up a double handful of water and brought it to her mouth. Cian did the same next to her. The water was cold, with a slightly metallic taste, but Hannah was too glad just to have something to drink to worry about details like that. 

Once her thirst was stilled, she untied her pack and spread out the blanket it contained. Just like the ones she had used before, this one was thin, tattered and stained, and it didn't look like it would offer much protection from the rock. 

Cian's blanket fluttered down on top of hers, and his cloak followed a moment later. Hannah gave him a thankful look, but he ignored her and went back to the river, splashing water into his face. Hannah shrugged and lay down on one side of the blankets, too exhausted to contemplate his odd behavior. She was asleep just a moment later. 

The presence entered her mind faster this time, almost as if it remembered the way in and had left the back door propped open. Hannah protested, but the presence silenced her and she complied. As last time, darkness surrounded her. This time, it didn't give way to reveal another person close to her, however, but Hannah was simply left to sit there in this bizarre dream, listening to her own heartbeat. 

The waiting was tiresome, especially since she knew what would happen. When the darkness around her finally parted, she lifted her head, just to realize that she recognized the silver-haired boy that was now laying next to her. He looked younger than she was, maybe twenty years old, though Hannah knew by now that he was likely much older than that. He was the one who had held a knife to her throat. 

He still had the sadistic look in his eyes, and Hannah's consciousness screamed in frustration and horror when her body bent down and her lips covered his. 

His hands buried themselves in her hair and he pulled it, hard enough to cause pain. Hannah tried to scream, but the only thing that escaped her lips was a sensual moan. Her hands suddenly developed a life of their own as they moved across her body, cupping her breasts and pinching her nipples. He watched her with desire in his eyes. 

"More," he whispered, and Hannah parted her legs and ran her hands up her thighs, spreading the folds of her sex for him to see. He bent forward, licking his lips, and two of her fingers entered her tunnel, while another slowly rubbed her clit. She threw her head back, disgusted at herself, but also no longer able to ignore the feelings of lust that spread throughout her body. Her legs were spread further as the boy leaned forward, pushing her fingers aside, and started to lick her sex with broad movements of his tongue. She moaned, entranced.

He moved further up her body, grasping her hands and pinning them. 

"Slave," he whispered with gleaming eyes, and Hannah realized that this was indeed true, at least until the entity that controlled her body decided otherwise. 

He thrust a finger inside her, moving it rapidly. Another joined it for several seconds, before he pulled both of them out and pressed them into her mouth. Hannah licked them greedily, tasting herself. He smiled at her, looking smug and superior, and pulled his hand away, dragging the fingers over her skin and leaving a wet trail. She moaned again when he moved them back between her legs, this time thrusting a third finger inside her. He pulled her up until she was in a kneeling position, riding his fingers and grinding her hips against his arm. A fourth finger probed her other hole, which under normal circumstances would have more than disconcerted her, but now she simply groaned and lowered her body, causing his fingers to slide deeper into her. His other hand was busy pinching her nipples, and even the pain added to her arousal. She knew she was dripping wet and ready for him, but he did not seem ready to take her just yet. 

He withdrew his fingers, making her lick them clean once more, and pulled her by her hair until her mouth was over his hard organ. She took him between her lips, sucking and licking, until he pushed her further and she slid down his organ, choking. He kept her there while she gagged, and he groaned as the spasms of her throat massaged him. When he finally let her come up for air again, he rubbed the head of his stiff pole against her cheeks, then pulled her up until she was straddling him. He guided her hips, and she eagerly lowered herself, not able to protest when she felt to her horror that he was pushing against her sphincter. 

She imagined she heard the presence in her mind chuckle as her body took the organ, as she let him spear her without having control of her body. Her anus burned and twitched, but still she rode him hard, waves of pleasure overwhelming her once more. He used his hips to push her upwards, fucking her with fast, hard strokes. Hannah wished she could slap the self-satisfied grin off his face, but instead, she found herself moaning more and more, turned on and begging him to continue. 

After several minutes of this, her riding him hard, he finally pulled out of her. Hannah brought her hand down and started to finger her now sore and loose anus for his viewing pleasure. She slid two fingers inside it, watching as his gray eyes lit up and he started to stroke himself furiously. He knelt in front of her, his eyes fixed on her fingers in her anus, and finally ejaculated. 

Hannah could feel the liquid hit her breasts, her stomach, finally her face as he moved up and aimed. She opened her mouth and the next spurt landed on her tongue. She swallowed, her hands moving up and massaging her breasts, rubbing the warm fluids into her skin. 

He was still hard, and he entered her sex just a moment later. Hannah moaned as she took him in, and he furiously fucked her, choking her in the process. He pinched her nipples so hard she wanted to scream, but instead she could feel herself starting to come. He followed just a second later, his fangs sinking into her breast as she felt him twitch inside her. 

She would have used the knife on him even if she had been in control of her body at this point. She felt a sense of relief when she noticed it materialize in her hand, and for the third time she stabbed a vampire in the heart, feeling as he twitched, then went limp above her and his essence started to flow into her, filling her with energy. 

As fast as it had entered her, the essence was pulled away again by the presence inside her. Then the presence vanished, the body above hers vanished, and she was left alone with feelings of lust filling her to the brim, leaving her sex drenched and her clit pulsating longingly.