 Istvan looked concerned as his friend closed the door. "She isn't evil after all, is she?" He was almost afraid to know.

"No, no," Albus said with a gentle smile and a dismissive gesture. "The results of my scry, however, were more than I was expecting. Of course, I could not in good conscience limit my efforts to the Three. I am scrying everyone; I trust this does not offend you..." Albus paused long enough to take in Istvan's reply.

Istvan smiled and sat at one of the seats. "Of course not. I believe it will go a long way toward building trust once you share your results," he added.

"That, perhaps, is not wise for the moment," Albus cautioned. The old man let out a tired sigh as he sat opposite Istvan. "The paladin, Tracy, is what I feared," he revealed. "On my world, the Cuthbertians made it a crime to cast arcanely. They imprisoned or killed any mage who was unwilling to collar themselves."

"Wait, what?" Istvan returned, suddenly finding himself very confused. "On your world? Collar? I fear you are speaking too quickly for me, Dellebian," he answered, adding what he assumed would be a compliment on the end.

It worked and Albus smiled more patiently. "The largest result of my scry is that we are all from different worlds. It would explain the differences, the unfamiliarities in deities, the like. I suppose a discerning mind would arrive at this without the use of magic, but we do not have such a luxury here. Lady Tracy and I are from the same world. It... it is similar to many of the others, but the Cuthbertians have an iron rule on many of the lands there. They despise Arcane magic because they cannot control it. A Collar was crafted which nullifies magical fields, preventing the wearer from channeling mana. Only a wizard of the first order could have removed the collar," he added with a glimmer in his eyes. Apparently the collar had posed little challenge to the old man

"It would be dangerous for me to reveal my particular set of skills, my friend, and you as well. With Simon as her aid, those two will seek to establish their strict laws here, fueled by their fear of chaos. We will be more aid in resisting that if we are not immediate targets," he added.

Istvan was still reeling about the different worlds. It made sense, but he had only ever heard of spell jamming in passing; never did he think to experience it. "Did... then we did die?" He inquired, unsure of himself.

Albus nodded. "It would appear we all passed. From what I have uncovered, the demons conducted an orchestrated attack on as many worlds as possible. We all fought in the same war on many different worlds, and in some cases, planes. I did not scry long enough to gather details on these worlds themselves; only that they exist. My focus was more on those who are here now and who they were on their own worlds so that we can put this business of evil to rest once and for all."

"Well?" Istvan inquired, now intrigued, "Who were we?"

Albus leaned back in his chair. "Everyone was someone who was important. Many here have managed to kill a demon. Thorn, for example, strangled one to death." Istvan was just as impressed as Albus. This was not a trivial feat and only a great warrior could kill a demon alone. "There were only three here who managed to kill more than one of the demons and two of them are among the Three," he revealed, causing a chill to run down Istvan's spine. Killing one Demon unassisted was the stuff of epic legends. Killing more than one? That wasn't possible for a human.

"The priest of the Three, Antonio, was a leader in their religion. He was apparently well known and offered himself as a sacrifice to the demons hoping to spare lives. It was.... inspirationally selfless. The man is a pacifist and as a follower of Rao, I believe you will appreciate his love of community," Albus stopped to take a drink of his mug. It smelled like a cider of some sort.

"The young man, John, was some sort of criminal before the war. This is where I become confused, I am afraid. They are from the Mechanus plane. The machines they have, Istvan... it is simply daunting. John used a machine to create an explosion which killed 15 demons at once. I will attempt to draw what I have seen. As an Artificer, perhaps you will have more insight into its function..."

Istvan's eyes went wide and he lost all awareness for anything except Albus. "Did... did I hear you correctly? That hot headed fey man killed fifteen demons?" Istvan was at a loss for words.

Albus nodded solemnly. "He was easier to scry than the others because Doctor Parker called him the Irish Bomber. I am afraid I cannot tell you how many she killed, but it was more than John. The same is true for the cleric of Erathus, Timius. He and Madeline killed the most of any here, but I do not know how they accomplished this."

Istvan leaned back in his chair, words simply not coming to him. "And we accused her of being evil.... we are such fools..."

Albus nodded in agreement. "John was nothing more than a common thug, but Madeline was apparently their world leader," he revealed. "Doctor is her title. Given the nature of her accomplishments with the demons, I suggest we use it." The statement had dual meaning, but Istvan didn't have to reflect to understand that Albus was on the fence about whether or not they should respect titles. "At this stage, I have determined everyone's name, their homeworld, and a simple fact about them. I will learn more in time."

Albus took a piece of parchment from the desk where apparently he had spelled a quill to write for him while he dealt with other issues. On it were a list of names, as Albus had promised:

Madeline Ann Parker, Yawey, Earth, Balanced Goodness

John Simon Reece, Yawey, Earth, Chaotic Goodness

Antonio Manuel Phillipe Maria Del Fonte, Cleric of Yawey, Earth, Orderly Goodness

Istvan of Caracus, Rao, Eberron, Balanced Goodness

Lili Wen, Iluminus, Eberron, Balanced Goodness

Robin Tenderfoot, Cleric of Heironeous, Oerth, Orderly Goodness

Ananda Rhanf, Cleric of Obad Hai, Oerth, Chaotic Goodness

Tracy Quickfeather, Saint Cuthbert, Abeir-Toril, Orderly Goodness

Albus Zediphorus, Delleb, Abeir-Toril, Balanced Goodness

Jacelyn of Brandonia, Rao, Tellene, Orderly Goodness

Landia Q'nyer of Rean, Obad Hai, Tellene, Chaotic Goodness

Bella La Folia, Gadhelyn, Krynn, Chaotic Goodness

Timius of Sexton, Cleric of Erathus, Krynn, Balanced Goodness

Natalia Romanofski, Cleric of Sarenrae, Glorion, Balanced Goodness

Sylvia of the Wood, Elhonna, Glorion, Chaotic Goodness

Thorn, Kord, Mystara, Chaotic Goodness

Thadeus Smyth, Moradin, Mystara, Balanced Goodness

Simon of Trent, Saint Cuthbert, Onara, Orderly Goodness

Istvan frowned and ran his hand across his mouth. "This scry has uncovered more questions than answers." So many worlds were present and he knew of none of them. There were many clerics and from what he already knew, likely a few paladins as well. That made sense, given the nature of the war.

"True, but such is the case with Delleb," Albus replied. "Fortunately, I learned that all here are of good inclinations. All that varies is our disposition toward order, though, as you can see, you and I are similarly inclined and those of balanced thought out number the others. I also know that the monkish woman called Lili is of your world. She was the most difficult to scry as her deity was more a philosophy than an entity and as such, it is a new god in this place. Perhaps you knew her?"

Istvan shook his head. "I did not. I would wish to speak with her though. That another is here from Eberron gives me a measure of comfort. Perhaps I shall speak with her" Istvan studied the list, frowning as he realized Albus's world-mate. "Not Tracy..."

Albus looked a bit disappointed. "Unfortunately, it is true, though I appear to be the only loyalist of Delleb. I was interested to see your match is Queen Jacelyn," he added with a smirk.

Istvan rolled his eyes. One of the nobles advocating class rule. Of course.

"Timius, the cleric who killed many demons and Bella, the beautiful woman from the temple, are also from the same world. Krynn, I believe it was called. It is a land filled with Dragons; I would not be surprised if either were a half-dragon or even full, given that particular land." There was a continent of Dragons on Eberron and so this in itself did not cause Istvan a reason for concern, but he assumed that the Cuthbertians would not be pleased if they ever learned there was a dragon among them.

Mentioning the woman caused Istvan's heart to stir, though he hardly knew why. Of all the women here, Bella was the most beautiful of them all. Madeline and Jacelyn were a close tie for second, but Bella's lead was obvious. Everything about her was utterly stunning and Istvan suddenly found himself day dreaming about her.

There was a sound of heavy boots as Timius pushed open the Library door. The enormous cleric practically dominated the space as he entered. "Albus. Istvan," he offered with a nod to each of them. "I was wondering if I may see a copy of the religious text of the three," he said, going straight to the point.  Albus frowned slightly and shook his head. "The young noblewoman took them with her," Albus answered. "She was concerned after the Paladin Tracy demanded they be burnt and Dr. Parker wished to protect them."  Timius frowned and seemed to consider the men for a moment. "That is unacceptable. As mages, I have no doubt that you would be able to magically decipher the text," he said, again, making no attempt to guise his intentions. "We have been unable to discern alignment. I believe this would be one avenue toward making this determination. The texts are required." He looked around the room for a moment, noticing the place where Albus set up his writing desk.  In the meantime, Albus kept a straight face, though he was less than pleased to have the cleric out him in such a way. "You do understand what such a description of a scholar may imply to certain.... parties... I presume?"  "Of course," Timius answered. "Fortunately, there are few gods which support the methods of the Cuthbertians, mage, just as there are few Cuthbertians able to see through the cunning of an intelligent Dellebian seeking anonymity. You are no doubt studying as a means to uncovering the purpose of our placement here. What have you learned?"

Timius was probably the tersest person Istvan had ever encountered.

Albus seemed to consider the question for a moment. "I have not yet concluded the scrying," he answered. "But I have learned that all here are who they claim to be."

Timius nodded and Albus slid the parchment across the table. Timius frowned. "This script is unfamiliar to me," he revealed. "What language is it penned?"

Albus raised both eyebrows. "In the common --" Albus interrupted himself with a pause. "I am afraid I have channeled too much mana this day as it is. Tomorrow I could provide you with a spell to re-"

"That is unnecessary," Timius interrupted flatly. "Have you learned the inclinations and deities of those represented here?"

Albus nodded. "Yes, and more," he answered, proceeding to read the list to Timius, who, frowned in confusion.

"We do not hail from the same world," he stated in the same flat tone. "Who knows of this?"

"Only us, as far as I know," replied Istvan curiously. "But I believe our Dellebian friend will insist that everyone be informed," he added as Albus nodded in agreement.

Timius was a man who seemed to value justice but who also was not likely to tolerate any level of foolishness. He was straight forward and did not mask any aspect of what he said. He frowned. "The clerics have discussed a means of remedying the wrongs which were conducted toward the Three earlier. We believe that if smaller parties were to approach them in a friendly manner, that they would be more receptive to us and the damage can be undone slowly. The previous misunderstanding was severe and stemming from confusion. Complicating the matter by introducing another source of confusion, that we are from multiple worlds, is unwise for the moment. It would be best to allow tempers to settle before this announcement."

Istvan frowned, but said nothing. He couldn't see a fault in Timius's statement, and, the man wasn't advocating keeping it a secret forever. Rather, he was trying to preserve the community, which was certainly an end Istvan wanted to see.

"In the meantime, it would be a boon if those texts can be recovered," Timius stated, turning to leave.  "What shall become of them after they have been translated?" Albus asked seriously.  Timius looked at him squarely. "It depends on the nature of the text. If it declares them to be evil, it will be destroyed with them. If it vindicates them, then it shall be returned to them. Discretion would be of value in this matter." Timius didn't elaborate and simply turned to leave.

Istvan sighed heavily as the imposing man left. "My friend, this is as much as I can withstand for one day. I believe I will retire to what is to be my cabin. I shall assist you with this inquiry in the morn."

At that, Istvan rose, dismissing himself, and wandering off into the budding darkness. There was a light in the distance, across a lake, which drew him unconsciously to it. It was a walk which took him nearly twenty minutes. The air was cool and refreshing, but it did nothing to ease his mind. All the while, the light grew larger as he approached, revealing first that it was a part of a structure and then, that it was a window, leaking the light out into the deep darkness that surrounded the structure.

As he approached, Istvan knew right away that he should look aside. From within the building, Madeline was discarding her last piece of clothing and tying her long brown hair up, preparing to step into a bath. Istvan was a gentleman and knew better than to watch a lady as he was, but all the same, his eyes were hopelessly locked on the nude form preparing to bath.