 Cian woke up when he felt Hannah shift in his arms, snuggling more deeply into her pillow. He carefully detangled his arms from hers and climbed over her, out of bed. She reached out for him just when he thought he'd managed not to disturb her. 

"Don't go," she said. 

Cian stared at her reaching hand for a moment, trying very hard to swallow all of the emotion that was overcoming him. These feelings of caring and longing were unfamiliar to him, and he wished they would cease. He couldn't think like this. He couldn't get Hannah out of his head, and it was driving him crazy. 

"Stop," he finally whispered, if to himself or to her he wasn't sure. He pulled away, and her hand slipped back down onto the blanket. There had to be a way to clear his mind, and to prepare mentally for what lay ahead when he returned to what was left of the coven. 

Cian paced through the apartment until he reached the bathroom. A cold shower might actually do him some good, he decided, and was busy turning on the water and shedding his clothes just a moment later. When he first stepped under the ice cold-cone of water, he had to grit his teeth, but after several seconds his body adjusted to the low temperature. He shuddered, then started to wash himself and to think. 

Aurai was the only one left that he knew he could trust. Coran was so close to Lizanne that he might well be aware of her plan, maybe even helping her attain her power. All the others were dead. He wondered if Lizanne was aware he had come back to this dimension, but if she did, she was patiently waiting for him to find her instead of making a move while he had slept. The best thing for him to do right now was to feed, and then to find Aurai and make sure she told him everything that could be of use to him. 

He left the apartment soon after. Hannah had not woken up again, which was probably for the best. He couldn't concern himself with her now. He needed his mind to be clear. As of right now, he didn't have a clue how he could even stop Lizanne and Coran. The essences they had collected so far had probably made them much more powerful than he was. 

It was broad daylight outside now, so he kept to the shadows, the small side streets and narrow passageways that only one person at a time could fit through. In his many years of nightly excursions, feeding and seducing, he had gotten to know the city's hiding places better than any human. Now, he was looking around for something quick to feed on. 

Cian soon found a victim, a middle-aged man on a bike who was using one of the alleys as a shortcut to work. It wasn't difficult for Cian to rip him from his bike, and break his neck before he could make a sound. There was no art in this, but it would have to do for the time being. There was no time to hide the body either, so Cian slit the man's wrists after he had drunk. With luck, it would be assumed that the man had bled out elsewhere and been dragged to the alley afterwards. 

After his meal, he headed for the only place that made sense -- the coven's hideout. He felt more powerful now, finally rejuvenated, and he was almost looking forward to confrontation. He was two streets away from the hideout when he began to get a feeling of being watched, being followed even. His muscles tensed. He doubled back down the passage he had just crossed, his eyes darting around, looking for anything unusual. When he stepped sideways into yet another small alleyway, someone grabbed his hand. 

He threw her against the wall reflexively, closing in on her, his hand squeezing her throat before he recognized her. 

"Aurai!"

He stepped back, and the girl gasped for air. Cian tried to contain his surprise, he'd expected to find her, not for her to find him. 

"I was hoping..." she whispered as soon as her throat had recovered. "I was hoping you'd still be alive. The others are all gone. I'm scared, Cian."

Her large dark eyes were staring up at him, a helpless look on her face. She had been the youngest of the group, and she certainly didn't have enough experience to know what to do in a situation like this. Cian knew she was glad to see him, and he was relieved as well to find her unharmed. 

"Do you know where Lizanne and Coran are?" he asked, and she shrugged helplessly.

"I think... maybe," she said carefully. "I found something, and I don't know what it means."

Cian frowned. "What do you mean?"

She grasped his hand.

"Let me show you," she said, and pulled him along. 

