 A submissive neural implant makes no distinction between pleasure and pain it just receives impulses directly from the spine and transmits them to the dominant unit. A dominant unit can receive signals from more than one submissive unit which are then relayed directly into the brain of the dominant unit host. An interesting side effect of using neural relay technology between clones is the triggering of shared mental images, it's not telepathy (just something to do with identical brains interpreting signals the same way) but it's something close. I had my dominant implant fitted when they stared growing my clones. On a pain scale I would say it's similar to having your nipples pierced but it takes much less time to heal. The neural transmission system only works over short distances (unless you buy the deluxe package and subscribe to the remote relay service) and other than a brief test when it was fitted I didn't feel it working until my clones arrived. 

I knew the postman was about to ring on the door bell because I could feel my clones excitement tangibly in my stomach. As soon as I had managed to open the boxes and fight my way through all the packaging I knew my plans for the rest of the day were a write off. You know what it's like when you get a new toy delivered and you just can't wait to play with it, besides I had already had a couple of squeezes of my Arbrathian Joy Hamster and I was feeling kind of mellow yet frisky. I had ordered a pair of clones and even just looking at them gave me a tingle in my knickers.

There are lots of reasons to choose clones over Sexbots™ if you can afford them. Obviously a clone can be used for vanilla things like doing the housework which a Sexbot™ can't but the real reason to choose clones is the sheer pleasure of looking at yourself as others see you. My clones have been pseudo-aged to 28 (same age as me) and not only are we genetically identical we are physically and mentally identical. You can only tell us apart by a small tattoo we each have on our ankles, to be honest I can only tell us apart by the tattoos on our ankles. My boyfriend has been telling me for years that I am beautiful but I only see myself in mirrors, virtual images and from a very unflattering chest to toes view point. Seeing my new clones standing in the lounge wearing nothing but paper medical gowns was mind blowing.

At first they were both a little disoriented from the transit sedative but I offered them drinks and they both accepted a quick blast on the Joy Hamster. We chatted for a while about how they had been treated in the Lab (the people were nice but dull) and their journey here (they didn't remember most of it.) Of course because clones are essentially you there is none of that nasty sticky moment were you go from socialising to propositioning. I sighed while I gazed at the erect nipple of one of my clones and I just got a flash of insight. She knew what that look in my eyes meant and she was feeling the same way too. I didn't need to ask to kiss her because I could feel the anticipation welling in her body.

Oh boy and when our lips met for that first kiss I nearly died of pleasure. I'm not exaggerating, honestly! After a few moments of feeling my lips against her lips which are actually my lips which I can feel the sensation from in my mind I blacked out from some kind of pleasure feedback loop. It was the first time my unit had fully fired which is an overwhelming moment for most people but I don't think it helped that I am a fantastic kisser. I woke up tucked up in bed with my clones sitting at my feet giggling. They had both been warned at the Lab about feedback loops which are pretty common until you are used to driving a dominant neural relay unit. When they mentioned it I remembered a bespectacled man in a white coat when I had my implant fitted. He had gone very red in the face then had a coughing fit before explaining in a very delicate way that when my clones arrived I should just lay back and watch while I got accustomed to the new sensations in my body.

The clones were happy for me just to lay there and watch as they kissed and gently touched each other. As one clone ran her fingertips over the other's thigh I could feel tingling on my finger tip and a tickle over my thigh but without any sensation of pressure. It felt like I was being touched by an invisible person with no weight and no substance. I just lay there and tickled and tingled while my clones got more and more passionate with each other. Excitement danced through my body and I had an image of my wet pussy flash into my mind. Before they even made a move I knew they were going to clench in a 69. I shut my eyes and let the sensations wash over me. My face was buried deep in two wet cunts at the same time and I could feel two mouths franticly lapping at my pussy. They both instinctively knew how to pleasure each other. They went directly for my most sensitive spots with fingers and tongues working at the speed most guaranteed to please. I'm embarrassed to say I passed out again moments before any of us got to orgasm.