 Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a...OK never mind. There was some stirring. Amy particularly. As she lay in bed she was definitely stirring. Her mind was all wound up and she couldn't sleep. She felt a very familiar sensation stirring in her lower belly. Lust, a pretty basic sensation but completely unwanted, especially sitting alone on Christmas eve. 

Her hand slowly slipped down her chest and toyed with her clit, bringing a very instant response. She was definitely needy. It had been months since she had gotten laid, but of all the times, tonight was not the night. She rolled over onto her stomach to avoid the sensations. She saw the clock, it was nearly four AM. She had barely slept. 

Downstairs there was a clatter. A very quiet clatter that Amy didn't even hear. She was busy ignoring the pulsing in her cunt, and fighting off the odd waves of lust, but downstairs....

Aromel came through the window. He was sick of the whole shimmy down the chimney business. This was his last house of the night and he was taking the easy way. It seemed to him this entire trip was a waste of time. No one even believed in Santa anymore, but yet every year the big man sends the elves out to deliver presents. Everyone thinks Santa does it but no, he had gotten rather lazy in his old age. So here Aromel stood in the house of some random person, in the middle of the US, having no idea what was next. See most of the houses had children, the list said what presents to give and how old the children are, but this house had none of that. Just one woman, age 22, and no presents in the sack for her.

He looked around the modest upscale living room and decided he might as well stick some candy in a stocking for her, if Santa had sent him all the way here there at least had to be a reason. He began heading towards the small fireplace, and then he smelled it. Dear lord, the entire house reeked of lust. It was like sexual frustration tenfold.

He sniffed the air and could smell her. Young, he know that, and in peak physical health. He couldn't say if she was attractive or not but the smell had his body responding without any stimulus. He got so distracted he tripped over an end table and smacked his head on the mantle with a resounding crash. 

Upstairs Amy sat bolt upright at the loud sound. She stood slowly and peaked out her door looking towards the staircase that led to her living room. She took a few steps forward and could see the fire place burning and the twinkling lights from the tree. Nothing out of place until her eyes noticed him. It was one of the most absurd sights she could ever recall seeing. There was a man in her living room hopping around holding his face in his hands. 

That wouldn't have been all that funny except for the green tights and pointy shoes. Her mind rebelled against that and she took a closer look. Yep, green tights, pointy green shoes, no shirt, and a pointy hat. He was a lunatic. That was until he suddenly raised his head and sniffed and his eyes focused right on her. Those eyes, he was several feet from her, but she could still see how deep they were, perfect in an odd dreamlike way. Yet he looked scared suddenly and a bit annoyed...but it wasn't until she noticed the big red bag slung on her couch that she finally got it.

"Holy shit...you're...you....are an elf." And then she busted out laughing.

She may have fainted at some point during her laughter, but honestly it was to be expected. How often do you get your house broken into by strange pointy eared men...and especially on Christmas eve...The only problem with her little fainting spell was that she happened to be standing at the top of the stairs at the time. She tumbled down them rather ungracefully, into the arms of Aromel.

He was rather at a loss for what to do, it was extremely bad form to be seen by humans. Completely against the rules, but this girl... He could smell the perfume that was her so strong now that he almost lost control of his arousal. She felt good in his arms, soft and smooth. Her little bit of silk covering all the important parts to an extent, except...when she fell into his arms he got a perfect handful of the supple and firm flesh of her backside. His hand was hiking her nighty up a bit higher and he could see all of her that mattered. She was shaved, skin still rather pink with youth and a moist glistening nearly brought tears to his eyes. He fought his natural instincts as he looked her over. 

Perfect features, pale and shapely, with well formed breasts and perfectly kissable pink lips. her blond hair fell in waves over his arm. He laid her down gently on the stairs and checked her for broken bones, but he didn't even see any signs of bruising. He knew he had to leave but felt bad about causing her all this trouble just for a few pieces of candy. Without thinking he leaned forward and pressed a light kiss to her lips. 

Her lips were surprisingly soft and he lost himself for a split second in the feel of them...and then they responded. Suddenly she was kissing him back and as glorious as it felt he knew he had to flee and quickly. He backed away from her as her eyes opened a bit confused as to what had just happened. He was trying to get to the window but she reached out and tripped him. He fell hard. There was a moment of supreme embarrassment. He had never been a clumsy person, gracefulness was actually an inherent trait in his entire race, so tripping was extremely bad form. 

He managed to twist and land in a less painful position but his pride was hurt and his long hair was tousled. He even managed to lose the absurd pointy hat that was the symbol of his office, basically his uniform. As he sat there stunned she stood up over him and straddled him. Oddly enough it was much less sexual then it appeared. She seemed intent on keeping him in place long enough to get a good look at him.

"Why did you kiss me?" Amy asked confused, not that that was the most curious of things happening tonight, but still. He just shook his head unable to supply a good enough answer. She rolled her eyes and then looked closer at him. At first glance he looked normal. Even attractive in a remote sort of way, but up close he was different. His face was all angles even his eyes seemed somehow angular, high cheekbones and neatly pointed chin. Something both overtly masculine about him and slightly feminine. His hair was in disarray, the straight blond locks thrown this way and that, showing off his oddest feature by far. His ears were pointed, not just slightly like some people have. We are talking Vulcan's and...well...elves.

"I thought elves were small..." Amy said, half to herself as she reached up to stroke her finger over his earlobe. He shuddered and she realized that the position she was in provided her with a very intimate knowledge of the rest of his body. His muscles were tense and hard beneath her ass and another part of him seemed to be growing hard as well...a part that was definitely not small. Her hand still idly stroked the oddly shaped lobe of his ear. His eyes closed and his head turned slightly more to the side allowing her better access to his ear, as if he was acutely enjoying what she was doing.

"I'm considered tall for my family, but we are...larger then your mythos makes us out to be." His hips ground upwards on larger, as though to illustrate that he wasn't just referring to his height. She let out a whimper that could not be stopped when he pushed against her. She rolled off him quickly, realizing that there was something distinctly dirty building between them. She rolled in a quick motion that left her momentarily vulnerable on her back. He used that second of vulnerability to roll on top of her, pinning her against his lean and solid build. His eyes were an unbelievable shade of gray and they seemed half lidded with an obvious hunger.

"You really think you can get away after that? With the way you smell right now, like the sexual equivalent of fresh baked cookies? Like you expect me to believe you don't want this?" He once again ground that considerable erection against her bare cunt making her writhe beneath him. "Say you want it, there is no use lying at this point." His face drifted down and nibbled at her earlobe sending shivers up and down her body. "Yes...y..yes." She managed to pant out, not that her body wasn't already making that very obvious as her legs wrapped around him and her hips thrust up to meet him. 

"I'm not going slow...not the first time, there is no gentle right now." His teeth nipped her neck in an oddly feral way and it hurt but she nodded as he quickly pulled his tights down. He sat up only enough to pull them off and then he was down again. He thrust into her without any pretense. One thrust and he had buried all generous eight inches of himself inside her dripping wet cunt. She cried out but her hips tightened to keep him in place. Wanting him not to ever leave and a part of her whimpered pitifully when he withdrew slightly, only to thrust back in again a split second later. 

The pace was furious, never stopping as his mouth explored her neck and kissed her lips 'til they were raw. It wasn't long until he was on the verge of cumming, thrusting so hard she was sure her hips would be bruised in the morning and with such perfect rhythm that her orgasm was building in a perfect spiral, the ribbon getting tighter and tighter as his thrusts lost control and then it broke, flinging her a thousand feet over the edge to scream out her pleasure as he howled his climax a second later. 

They both lay panting, lost to the aftershocks and breathlessness. They lay side by side for a moment before he rolled back toward her. "I'm Aromel by the way, you're Amy?" He said it as a half question half statement and she nodded none the less. "Good, tell me when you catch your breath. Do you want to move to the bed?" She nodded feeling the prickly beginnings of rug burn on her bare ass. He stood and pulled her to her feet, where she promptly lost her balance. He grabbed her quickly and shaking his head derisively carried her up the carpeted stair case towards her room. He lay her on the bed and pulled the nighty over her head admiring her bare limbs and perfect breasts. He kissed his way down her chest, over her midriff and belly button and kissed the rosy skin of her mound. He looked up and met her eyes before dipping his head down and feasting on the gorgeous taste of their mixed essences. His tongue fluttered quickly across her clit back and forth in a delicious rhythm and then dipped lower dipping in and out of her opening in a teasing quick motion that left her even more breathless as he continued. 

He feasted in a very literal way that she had never known before, using his teeth to nip and then to suckle and it wasn't long before she was feeling that familiar sensation building up, that perfect peak getting closer and right as she was preparing to fall headfirst he stopped and thrust into her. She came almost immediately her cunt milking his cock as the walls spasm-ed around him. He thrust in again his eyes closing at the glorious feeling of being encased in her glorious fiery sheath. He could lose himself quickly in the folds of her, in the never ending pleasure that he was experiencing. But he was not selfish and his hand, long nimble fingers stroked her clit in time with his strokes.

She was so beautifully lost to lust that she was easy to please. A feather light touch brought her so close that she was squeezing him in an absolutely delicious rhythm before he was even halfway to his climax. She had came three times already and he still had a lot left in him. It left a grin on his face as he leaned in and kissed her perfect lips and let her taste herself on his tongue. She ate it up, loving her own taste on him and bringing her own hips into play she met him stroke for stroke in a rhythm that ensured mutual destruction. But god was it good as he groaned in her ear and she tried to keep her cries to a minimum so as not to wake everyone within the city block. And then his pace quickened, her cunt clenched down on him hard, stroking his orgasm out as he bit into her neck and rode out the violent shuddering of his final strokes. 

They lay next to each other longer this time, still not speaking, both recovering as best they could. When he saw her breathing even out and her eyes turned pensive he knew that it would do him no good to let her think to much. He knelt on his knees his cock already at full attention and looked down at her pointedly. She looked at him and licked her lips and went to work on laving his cock as the sun rose.

She awoke to a glorious sunrise. That would not have surprised her except she was sure the sun had already been high in the sky and even tracking lower into evening the last she had seen it. Perhaps it had all been a dream. She opened her eyes and her room was in perfect condition. Her nighty was still on, but she did have a well sexed feeling that she could not ignore. But still her neck felt fine and she couldn't honestly believe that his bites wouldn't have at least left a mark. She stood, her legs feeling distinctly wobbly as she walked across the spotless room she was sure they had torn apart. She went to the bathroom and rinsed her face checking her neck for marks...there were none. 

She walked down the stairs and headed into the living room. She picked her cellphone up off the end table and carried it with her towards the couch. It was the 26th according to her cellphone and her mind rebelled at the loss of an entire day. That was when she noticed the present under the tree. It was a large green box, and she read the card as she took the lid off. 

"Thanks for spending Christmas with me, had a fantastic time, hopefully these will help you out. Until next year, Aromel." Inside the box was a sizable dildo and a small but high quality vibrator, next to them was his green pointy hat. She grinned and sniffed it, it smelled like cinnamon and classic Christmasy smells. This was the best Christmas ever...She couldn't wait until next year.