 I knew that Anita was in a rut but I did not expect her to do something so drastic. She had seen one of those ads on late night television for one of those new transmogrifying firms. You know the ones that promise a "new you in hours." The ones with obese women walking in and models walking out. Bad teeth banished as well as moles and skin problems. Hairy chests for men or hairlessness. Muscles and even height. Almost anything you could imagine they claimed to be able to do. She seemed fascinated by those commercials. I told her that i liked her the way she was, and anyway I didn't see how either of us could afford it.

And I really did love Anita as she was five foot six slim with long flowing brown hair great legs and nice tits. Most other women wanted to look like HER. But Anita was especially self conscious. When I told her sincerely, and repeatedly that she was beautiful she called me a liar. Still the sex was great and our lives melded nicely. Anita had a bit of a submissive streak which I liked but was careful to not push too far. In short I was very happy with her. 

"That's not for you," I said when I caught her watching one of those commercials for the umpteenth time. "Its for unattractive women or aging movie stars who want to stay young or weirdos who want to stand out in a crowd."

"What do you know!" She would shout back at me. 

I decided to drop the subject and did my best to ignore her rapt attention every time one of those commercials came on. About three months later with Anita still in her rut Her grandmother died and left her some real estate. Anita didn't even look at the property, she liquidated it immediately. Instinctively I knew what she intended to do with the money. I did my best to try and talk her out of it.

"If you were a supportive boyfriend you would encourage me and not cast aspersions on me. For now I will hold onto the money but if I make a change don't act surprised."

Two weeks later I came home from work to find an empty apartment. Usually Anita got home an hour before i did. I called her cell phone. No answer. I tried calling her work to find out from the evening staff that she had punched out at noon. I braced myself for what would be coming home.

I expected something minor. Her nose perhaps, which she thought was too large, maybe a bust lift or a tummy tuck even though she needed neither. I just hoped it wasn't too drastic. Anita liked to tell me that she wished that she were my dream woman. I told her that she already was but she just laughed and said. "What do you know? You don't even know your own tastes in women." 

I had no idea what she was talking about. I'm like most guys with taste comparable to most other guys. I did like more fantasy and science Fiction films and TV shows than most guys but I didn't think I was too much of an oddball. I was a bit of a geek in high school and I have a geeky job but I like to think that I am pretty normal, even if you include my going to Sci-Fi conventions; I'm not THAT geeky.

Around seven thirty I heard Anita's footfalls in the vestibule outside our apartment front door. I had the TV on but the volume was off while I surfed the net. I heard her key in the lock and turned to face the door as she closed it behind her. What ever I had prepared my mind for what I saw was still a shock.

She was Green! Green like a frog or a plant. My jaw dropped open and I could muster not a single sound at all.

"Now I look like those slave women your favorite captain on that show you like so much fawns over. The one's you can't keep your eyes off whenever they are on TV!"

She took off her coat and hung it up. Underneath she was wearing her work clothes. I noticed that her brown hair was now a shiny black and that all of her was green. She began to strip off her clothes, Beneath her blouse her white bra restrained two green orbs, She took off her skirt and kicked off her shoes. Every inch of her long legs was green. Even her toenails were the color of grass.

She took off the bra and I noticed her nipples. The areolas were lighter green which faded to almost pink on her nipples. I had to admit that, despite myself I found it quite arousing. She slid off the panties revealing a neatly trimmed dark black triangle.

"I couldn't make up my mind about the pubic hair. I told them that if you didn't like it you could just shave me. You don't have to make up your mind right away." 

She approached the still stunned me and knelt before my chair. With her legs spread wide she announced. 

"I am yours to command Captain. Use me as you will."

Despite my shock I found myself with the most raging hard on I had ever had. To be honest, I often imagined myself as the captain. In all honesty I WANTED an Orion slave girl. Never in a million years did I expect to encounter one. It was all the encouragement I needed. I stood up and took her hand to escort her to our bedroom.

It did not take me long to discover, after examining her every millimeter, that parts of her were still pink. She preformed like a totally different woman in the sack. She loved it when I ordered her around. She gave me a couple of blow jobs and I fucked her every way imaginable. I was thoroughly worn out by the time I had taken her asshole a third time.

"You see," Anita told me. "This is the woman you really want. Don't think I didn't catch you jerking off to pictures of women like me. But those are just actresses in make up. This won't come off, nor do I want it to. I feel like I am the person I always wanted to be. You fucked me in entirely different ways tonight tonight so I know that it is what you want as well. You know that I have a submissive side but as I am now I can completely embrace it. As an Orion slave woman I will only wear clothes to work. I expect you to keep me naked when I am home. Face it captain you have hit the jackpot and you know it,"

I smiled. There was nothing else I could do. Anita did know me better than I knew myself. Later we took a shower together It was wonderful and proved to me that her color would not wash off, Despite the lateness of the hour I took out the captain's uniform I sometimes wear to conventions and we re-enacted all of my favorite scenes. Anita was really into it. She really did need this change to fully embrace her submissive side. I knew that we would be calling out sick from work tomorrow to spend an entire day messing around. And to think the day had started out normally.