 He hadn't been able to resist seeing her one last time. 

After they had stepped through the portal, Hannah had started to scream in pain, begging him to do something, anything, to make it stop. He had brought her to the closest hospital, and left her there, to be taken care of. It had taken her a week to recover to the point where they had let her go home, a week he had spent making preparations, getting ready to leave.

Now, he was standing in a dark corner of her room, well hidden, watching her sleep. Her hair was fanned out over the pillows, her skin pasty in the darkness. Her throat as well as her shoulder was covered in thick bandages. He watched her chest raise and sink slowly, wondering if she was dreaming at the moment. 

He wanted to stay with her badly. She seemed so vulnerable, laying there, and he wanted nothing more than to be there for her, to protect her. At the same time, the notion made him feel sappy and weak, and he was disgusted with himself for letting his feelings take over his thinking. 

In the end, his rational side had won out. Even though staying with Hannah would allow him to protect her, his presence was what put her in danger in the first place. It was easier for him to leave. He still remembered Meraja's words, and he didn't doubt that she was right. The feelings between Hannah and him would not lessen with time. If he left now, though, he might be able to retain his sanity, pretending she would always be out there somewhere, waiting for him. He would not have to suffer through seeing her grow old and die, and his last memory of her would be this one, watching her sleep. 

"It's better for the both of us," he whispered under his breath, just as she stirred. 

"Cian?" she asked, her voice sleepy. 

She couldn't have seen him, yet she seemed certain he was there. When her eyes finally opened, they searched the room rapidly. 

"I'm here." He moved closer to her and stood by the window, now plainly visible in the moonlight. "How did you know I was here?"

"I felt it, somehow." She didn't seem sure herself, and he sighed when he sat down by the side of her bed. The connection between them grew stronger the longer they were together - another reason for him to get away from her as soon as possible. 

"You're leaving, aren't you?"

Now she seemed to read his mind, too. He smiled ruefully, lowering his head. Hannah only grasped his hand. 

"It's fine, Cian. I know why you're doing it." She smiled faintly. "I've been thinking about all this a lot too, while I was in the hospital."

Cian nodded, glad he wouldn't have to explain himself. He didn't want to leave while she was angry. 

He looked at her. She was so beautiful, the pale skin in contrast to the midnight-black hair, her soft lips slightly open as she looked back at him with dark eyes. He swallowed. His mind still revolted at the thought of love, even when it was no use denying it. 

Hannah seemed to sense his thoughts yet again. She sat up, running her hand up his arm and along his shoulder, her eyes still on him. It was probably just as difficult for her, admitting love for someone who had once expressed his joy at torturing her. 

"We don't have to talk, you know," she whispered. 

He closed his eyes and kissed her. She was soft and responsive, putting her arms around him and letting him hold her. His hand touched the bandage on her throat, and for a moment he shuddered, remembering the horror he had felt upon seeing what he had done to her. 

As the kiss deepened, her hands wandered, working on the buttons of his shirt. He caressed her skin, tugging the blanket away so he could touch all of her. 

Impatiently, Hannah tugged on his shirt. He smiled and drew back, shedding his clothes entirely before lowering himself back onto the bed next to her. She was ready for him, waiting, pressing herself against him. His hands stretched out for her body almost automatically. 

She whimpered into his mouth when he started kneading her breasts. Her own hands were busy as well, wandering down his body and wrapping around his erection. He liked the way she caressed him there, squeezing and massaging gently. 

He pressed one thigh in between hers to open her legs. His fingers found a trickle of wetness between them already, and he slowly penetrated her further, encouraged by her soft moans. His other hand was busy playing with her nipples now, pinching first one and then the other, as he watched them redden slightly. 

"Please," Hannah whispered, squirming on his hand. 

He could see how flushed her skin was even in the dark, a sure sign that she was excited. When he didn't react to her demand, she pulled away from him, only to press his shoulders onto the mattress the next moment. Cian lay back and watched as she moved smoothly on top of him, her long hair falling over her shoulders. Her hands on his chest to steady herself, she moved her hips over him, circling teasingly just above the tip of his cock, just enough for him to feel a hint of her soft wetness. It made him throb almost painfully.

"Tease," he groaned. 

She grinned at him, her face mischievous as she leaned forward to kiss him. He could feel her nipples brush his chest and her hair tickle his shoulders as their lips met, but only that. His hands reached around her and clenched the curves of her ass, intent to force her where she belonged, if necessary. Hannah didn't resist when he pulled her hips lower, onto him, and they groaned in pleasure together when they finally joined. He slid smoothly inside her an inch or so before he relaxed his grip on her. Hannah's ass was gorgeous, and he didn't want to bruise it too much. 

She put her hands on his chest once more to keep herself stable as she sat back up, sliding deeper onto him in the process. Her hips moved slowly and smoothly as Hannah lifted and lowered them, teasing. He gave a sigh of thanks when she finally put her full weight onto him, sliding down all the way, until they were as close as they would get. She felt warm and tight around him.

Her little moans encouraged him to thrust up and into her as she started to ride him. They quickly found a rhythm, moving together at a slow, thoroughly enjoyable pace. His hand grabbed a fistful of her hair, and he pulled her down for another kiss. 

Hannah's eyes were on him when they separated. There was uncertainty in them, and she bit her lip, tilting her head. He raised his eyebrows, questioning. 

"If you want..." she started, whispering, then bit her lip again. 

"What?" He'd never seen her this reluctant, which made him curious as to what she was about to tell him. She gave him a weak smile. 

"I think I'm well enough, if you want to, um... nibble."

"Nibble?" He grinned at her, thrusting harder, which made her lose her focus. She closed her eyes and moaned, slapping his chest with one hand after some time. 

"Yes, nibble. You know what I mean, damn it."

"I do." He took her free hand in his and kissed the flesh on the inside of her wrist. "I just never thought you'd actually encourage me to do it."

He bit down softly, just enough to cut through the skin, creating a superficial wound. Hannah gave a soft squeak as it happened, then he heard her moan as he pressed his lips against her skin and started to suck gently. He didn't interrupt the act, though her small noises of enjoyment surprised him. He'd never thought she actually liked having this done to her. 

He sealed the small wound with a final lick of his tongue, kissing her again. She was eager now, meeting his tongue with her own and tasting her own blood in his mouth. They were both thrusting harder now, intent on pleasuring the other. 

"Freak," he whispered, teasing, and she simply shut him up by covering his mouth with hers again. He wrapped his arms around her, no longer content with his passive position beneath her. Hannah didn't resist when he rolled over and on top of her, all while still buried inside her. When he finally broke the kiss, he went straight for her left side, the one that wasn't injured. Hannah's fingers dug into his back as he nicked the skin right over her collarbone with his teeth, creating a series of small cuts.

Hannah moaned deeply when he sucked on each cut in turn, drinking a few drops of blood from each before Hannah healed herself, probably without realizing it. He could feel her warm breath on his shoulder, fast and irregular. This seemed to arouse her more than she probably cared to admit. 

His cock throbbed when he looked back at her face, and he increased his pace. She encouraged him, running her nails down his back some more. He started to feel the familiar feeling of tightness inside him now, urging him to go deeper, faster, to reach his climax. Hannah was right there with him, flushed skin, shiny eyes and all. 

They moved together, much faster now, with determination. Cian could feel her move beneath him, arching her back, shuddering. There was a shared feeling of urgency between them, both of them greedy for each other. Hannah went first, crying out and digging her nails into his skin once more. He could feel her pussy clench around him, milking him, as she squirmed beneath him. It was all he needed to start coming as well. 

He collapsed on top of her with a groan, while he was spurting his seed inside of her, his body jerking. Hannah wrapped his arms around him, stroking his damp skin while he just lay there. For a while, he could neither think nor move, but instead he simply enjoyed being close to her. Finally, he found the strength to move, but Hannah's arms stayed tightly around him when he tried to move off her. 

"Stay," she begged. 

"I'm crushing you." 

Despite his protests, she shook her head, and with a sigh he lowered himself again, nuzzling her shoulder. Her hand ran tenderly through his hair. 

"Where do you plan on going?" she asked him. 

He made a small noise of dissent. "If I tell you, that kind of defeats the purpose, no?"

"So you already have a plan of some sort." Hannah was quiet for a moment. "I was wondering what you would decide to do, now that they are all dead."

"Coran is still out there somewhere," he reminded her. "He is more likely to go after me than you though." He finally did roll himself off her when he noticed that she had trouble breathing, even though Hannah was reluctant to let him. He pulled her into a spooning position, holding her tightly. 

"I was actually thinking Europe," he explained. "Now that I know there are more of us... I want to go and find them."

"Come back and visit," she asked with a smile, making him chuckle. 

"I wish I could." He kissed her neck, then turned his head to look outside. The moon had reached its highest point, and he had places to go yet tonight. Sighing, he pulled back from her and sat up, fishing for his clothes. 

"Good luck," Hannah offered quietly as he got dressed. He smiled at her. 

"Don't go worrying about me. I usually manage quite well by myself."

"So do I," she replied, sitting up. "I just... I don't really know what else to say. Don't go killing too many people." 

"I'll be good," he promised her, grinning as he kissed her. "Mostly, anyway."

Hannah raised an eyebrow as he turned towards the open window. 

"You could just walk out the door, you know."

"I don't like walking past that bloodstain of mine in your living room." He shrugged, looking at her one last time. She got out of bed and walked over to him, embracing him tightly. It took the sound of her choking back her tears for him to realize how much his leaving really bothered her. 

He kissed her temple, stroking her hair to calm her. 

"I don't usually get this damn sappy," he told her, "and right now, I'm only doing it because this is the last time you'll see me, so you won't have a chance to give me shit about it."

He paused, gently pushing her away from him, so he could look into her eyes. 

"I love you, Hannah. I'll miss you." This was the first and last time he'd ever say shit like this. 

Before she could answer, he pulled himself up onto the windowsill, out of her grasp. He turned and jumped down the eight feet to the ground with ease. 

Sighing, he put his hands in his pockets as he walked away. It was time to focus on something different now, something that would keep his mind firmly off Hannah. 

Something that would help him not to look back.