 Forenote: This story is about adventure, survival, actions, and romance. This is my first attempt at something like this so don't be harsh in the comments but I would love feedback. I know my paragraph spacing and use of quotations could be so much better but I'm learning.

*****

"Hurry up Aaron" the girl said, swiftly dodging in and out of the trees in her path.

Aaron, the young man behind her who was only about twenty. He had a handsome kind face with black short hair that naturally stuck up in the front for a nice spiked out style. Sophia, the young lady and his childhood friend, would often joke it was because he probably slept face down causing only the front of his hair to be erratic. Aaron would roll his eyes and smile some, having become used to her eager moods all too well. Although this time he didn't need the encouragement. For this time they were chasing a beautiful white stag that was seen on the edge of the town of Solace.

"I bet I can take it down before you!" Sophia proclaimed loudly, jumping to her feet and grabbing her bow and quiver before taking off.

"Slow down Sophia!" Aaron called after her before chasing .

The two have been chasing the beautiful creature for a while now. Every time they believed they had lost sight of it and about to give up, only for it to appear once more in the distance staring at them as if beckoning them to the hunt. Before long the two reached a clearing where the Stag sat and grazed. The pair hadn't even thought of raising their bows up in order to take it down. It was just too awe inspiring. Trying to get bit closer, they manage to snap a twig and the stag took off and they both let out a sigh of disappointment.

"Wow Soph." Aaron talking to Sophia in the usual nickname for her, "All of our years and we have never encountered something that amazing."

"I know... A shame it got away though. It's getting dark and I'm not sure what way is back to town. We might as well camp here tonight." As she started to head out to the clearing gathering the necessaries for a fire.

While they both worked set up a camp, a simple thing for this pair. Although Aaron was twenty and Sophia only nineteen, in the small forest town of Solace, it wasn't unusual for the kids to branch out this early and help support their families by hunting. As they worked, Aaron couldn't help but stop and admire Sophia.

Sophia was a beautiful young girl. Sure she may not have large breast but they would only seem out of place on her petite curvy frame. She had the most beautiful blonde hair, hanging down to about half way in her back. When out on the hunt, such as right now, it was tied in one long ponytail braid. A large red blush would come to Aaron's face when she knelt over to collect some firewood and add it to the fire, giving him a view of her ass. Unfortunately for him, she happened to turn around just at that moment and notice him eyeballing her.

"What?" Sophia, slightly confused by what was so interesting.

"Nothing Soph was just wondering if you needed any help, that's all." A bad excuse, but one she seemed to buy.

"Uh no I just about got it here. How is that shelter coming along?" walking over to him and giving him a smile.

"It's just about done!" Luckily for Aaron, he didn't start admiring his companion until his own chore was about done.

The two worked together to get the finishing touches together on the shelter before they decided it was time to actually hunt something. They talked for a moment and ultimately decided to split up. There was a less chance of startling the game like that. Aaron was thankful for the time alone anyways.

While he was wondering through the woods his mind couldn't help but wonder onto his partner. It hasn't always been like this. The two had known each other all of their lives but recently she has started to grow those curves he had become so fascinated with. Her breasts have started to develop and they don't seem to have finished just yet. Aaron let out a loud sigh.

"Whatcha thinking about?" Sophia said suddenly, making Aaron jump out of his skin nearly.

"By the gods Soph don't do that to me!" Aaron scolded her though she only sat there giggling.

"Look what I got!" Sophia held up two small birds, easily enough to feed them both.

"Good job Soph!" guessing that dinner is a good enough reason to forgive her for the startling she just gave him.

The two walked in silence back to their campsite, plucking the feathers from the birds and preparing them to cook. Putting them both on a split being the easiest way to cook them both. They both knew how to cook but decided awhile back they would cut down on arguments if they just took turns. This time it was Aaron's turn. They made some small talk, nothing too interesting. But as per usual with these two, they don't need to talk. There has always been a silent understanding between the two that has originated since they were little kids.

After they both finished eating they started cleaning up and put the fire out. The two never kept a fire going through the night. When they slept they slept close together Aaron's arms usually around Sophia. The two didn't think anything weird of it although Aaron has started to feel a bit awkward, especially in the morning when they wake up and he would have a case of morning wood. He never moved not wanting to disturb Sophia but when she snuggled back into him in the colder mornings and his erection pressed into him it makes him worry she will get the wrong idea about him.

Just as the two were about to settle down for the night, something unusual happened. Aaron looked up to the sky and outlined and easily noticeable on the orange sunset sky, was a thick cloud of black smoke. Aaron quickly got Sophia's attention and pointed it out to her.

"Soph... Isn't that the same direction as..." Before he could even finish the sentence Sophia cut him off and finished it for him "Home!" and took off running.

Aaron didn't bother to hesitate this time. He took off just as fast as she did, running as fast as their bodies would allow them they reached the edge of the woods and burst into the opening, giving them a sight of the large valenwood trees, the houses and bars sitting among the massive branches. Or atleast what was left of them. The town was burning. The beautiful trees and homes they grew up around were all burning to the ground. It did not take long to learn the culprit. Looking to the sky there was not one, nor two, but a whole army of red dragons circling on the skies of Solace. On the back of some of these dragons could be seen black knights riding the creatures. The grounds were covered by something even more horrific. Human like creatures, though scaled and clawed hands and feet were roaming around slaughtering or capturing the residents of Solace. 

Sophia tried to rush into the village to help, do something maybe but was quickly pulled back by Aaron. She kicked and flailed her arms wildly trying to break free and to save the home she had known all of her life but his grip held strong and refused to let her go.

"Sophia no! There is nothing we can do now it is too late! The best we can do is save our own lives!" tears starting to run down his face, although they had long started flowing on Sophia's

"But Mom, Dad... All of our friends." She sobbed into his chest."

"I know Soph. I know." Clutching her to him.

Sadly, this moment was not short lived. A strange hissing could be heard before in a crude attempt at common language, one of those foul lizard men pointed towards them with one hand while beckoning to a couple of his friends with the other.

"Get them! The young is to be saved for work at the mines!" The scaled creatures quickly turned and drew their blades, long wicked curved scimitars, already covered in blood by the innocents they had already slaughtered.

It took a minute to shake Sophia to her senses but once Aaron did, they were both off running. The creatures were certainly fast and seemed to catch up until they hit the trees. Their inexperience in the forest showed heavily as they continually tripped over roots and branches though they managed to keep up with their prey. Aarron, not knowing what else to do, pulled his bow and drew an arrow quickly nocking it into place and turning around to take aim. From his years of experience, he only needed a second.

He let the arrow fly and it was a direct hit to the first monsters skull. But it didn't stop there. The creature, before his very eyes, turned to stone before falling over. The remaining two beast stopped and looked at their companion before letting out a blood curdling snarl and continuing the charge.

Unfortunately for them, Aaron was much faster. Their slight pause was all the time he needed to nock a second arrow into the bow and let it fly, this one was expected but they were much too slow to dodge the incoming projectile. The second beast took it to the chest and fell to his knees. He was still alive because he hadn't turned to stone. The third beast stopped and let out one more snarl before helping his friend to his feet and turning to return to the village, more than likely looking for easier prey.

The two friends didn't bother to stop running. In fact, they kept running for about thirty minutes straight. They only stopped because they hit the edge of the woods and ran into the path and they knew they were safe by now. Wordlessly, Sophia walked over to a large tree and sat with her back to it. Aaron came over and took her into his arms and within moments, they were both asleep.

When the two finally woke up, it was morning once more. The birds were chirping and the sun was just rising in the sky. It took a moment for the pair to gather themselves, still feeling as if the day before was a dream.

"We need a plan. I have been thinking, and I think we should go to Haven and try to find Samar." Aaron finally breaking the silence and letting it sink in.

Samar was a good friend of the two. He was a young Qualinesti elf that came by Solace a lot while he was traveling. Unlike most elves who preferred to stay in their homeland, Samar has always been a traveler and a trouble maker. To put it rather bluntly, he is a rather skilled pickpocket. When this is brought up in conversation he simply says it's never for the gain, but for the challenge.

Sophia, after a silent pause, finally only nodded her head in response. She pulled her bag off of her back and pulled out the map and Aaron came to sit down next to her as the two tried to decide if that truly was the best course of action.

"Now, obviously we have to avoid the darken woods." Said Aaron, pointing to the large forest before his finger traced a line on the road around it, "And we will have to use the twin peaks pass to go around it."

"A-alright..." was all Sophia responded with.

The two did not take long to set out. Neither of them could likely stomach any food this morning after what they witnessed the day before. They could likely make it through the mountain pass before the sun went down, but after that is a long open stretch of road. So near the end of the path they decided to find a cave in the peaks and set up camp for the night and make as much progress as they could for the final stretch.

Once they reached the cave it was a simple matter to set up a fire and lay out their bedrolls. The two sat around the fire eating dried fruit and preserved meats in almost complete silence although as usual, Aaron was the one who broke the silence, worried about his friend.

"Sophia. We will get help, I promise. That... thing. It said something about using the strong and young for slaves. That means they are still alive. We can save them."

This seemed to bring a spark to her eyes and she spoke up, "Do you really think we can save them?"

Aaron smiled, happy to finally see that lively hood returning to his childhood friend "Of course we can Soph. Samar will convince the elves to help us. They wouldn't just let innocent lives be slaughtered."

Sophia nodded and smiled at him, even if it was a little bit forced. She crawled over to him and laid her head on his shoulder and he wrapped his arm around her tugging her a bit closer thankful for the warmth she gave off. They stayed like this for a while before the two finally separated and went to their separate bedrolls.

Aaron woke up in the middle of the night. Or sort of woke up. He was in a drowsy state where it seemed to be as if he were sleeping.

Although what had woken him up had continued to persist. A scratching noise, plain as day. He wasn't sure what it was and his tired mind was racing through possibilities of what could have been making it. He finally managed to sit himself up and what he saw startled him. Sophia was tied up and gagged, surrounded by four goblins. The noise was the sound of goblin mail scratching against the small opening to one of their tunnels. Unfortunately he had woken up just in time to see the fifth goblins club swinging towards him. Then it was black.

When Aaron came to, it couldn't of been more than a few minutes later as the goblins were just now setting up their fire to be able to make a meal out of their new finds. He looked over and saw Sophia bound next to him unconscious. Luckily, goblins were never very smart. There was a guard posted on them but he was facing away from his prisoners and Aaron had already found a sharp stalagmite sticking from the ground to cut his bindings.

It only took moments to cut the rotten goblin ropes from his hands. He made sure no goblins were looking before he lunged forward and pulled a dagger from the goblins belt and before he could make a noise, slit the foul creatures throat and slowly lowered him to the floor and retrieved its sword.

He took a moment to study the sword he had just acquired. It was of dwarven make, that was for certain. Flipping it over on the other side he could see two initials on the bottom of the steel blade. R.F. Wait a minute. He recognized those initials. Rodrick Firefoot. The blacksmith for Solace. So this goblins were there the night it was destroyed. 

A rage filled Aarons body and he looked up, now seeing that the other four goblins had noticed their dead companion. Aaron raised the sword as the first creature managed to free its blade and stupidly did not wait for its friends to do the same. It charged Aaron who effortlessly sidestepped the rush and ran the creature through with his blade. He pulled it out to find the next two advancing towards him.

Aaron quickly went into a zone of concentration. He flipped the dagger in his left hand while the long sword was in his right. The first goblin reached him on his left, slashing downwards and Aaron raised the dagger deflecting the blow and giving the goblin a stern kick to stun it before quickly ducking, thus dodging the incoming sword from the second goblin and at the same time swinging his sword and taking the creatures leg off with it and it fell to the ground with a scream of pain and Aaron quickly dispatched him with the sword through his skull and pulled it out before swinging it once more, swiping the remaining goblins head clean off.

Aaron panted for a moment, his focus fading and he took a moment to count. One... Two... Three... Four... Four dead goblins. Why was something about that wrong? He realized his mistake all too late as he noticed the fifth goblin had Sophia and a dagger to her throat.

"Put down the sword human or I will gut her like a pig." The goblin threatened in an awful attempt at common.

Although it was enough to get the point across. Aaron slowly lowered to the ground, putting the blades down. The moment his hands left them, an evil grin crossed the creatures face and his muscles tensed to slide the blade across Sophia's neck. Of course the one thing that ended up stopping him was the dagger that was suddenly right between his eyes, killing him instantly.

Sophia let out a yelp through the gag, and quickly ran to Aaron and he embraced her undoing the gag and picking up his own blade to cut her bindings before they looked over to where the blade had come from.

"Samar!" both Aaron and Sophia exclaimed their joy in unison.

Indeed just as they said, the young pointy eared thief was standing there grinning ear to ear. He looked different from last time. His hair was short and jagged in the front, though it's usual brown color had retained.

"By the gods. Why is it every time I run into you two you are in some kind of trouble? Honestly have you tried not dying?" he said as if it was an easy thing to avoid these days.

The two laughed, glad to see their old friends, and glad that, as he said, had saved the pairs lives once more. Sadly, it did seem to be a habit. Last time the two had nearly gotten killed by an elven hunting party, who seemed more then convinced the two were hunting on sacred grounds. Samar being an elf talked them out of that.

"What are you doing here old friend?" Aaron said going up to shake Samar's hand and pulled him in for a hug at the same time.

"Coin. What else would I have to do in these god forsaken mountains." Walking over to the goblins starting to cut the ears off of them and put them into a pouch "Knights of Solamnia pay a decent price for each pair of goblin ears. I'll give you a cut of what I get since you dispatched most of them."

After all that excitement, and the soon to be rotting corpses of five goblins, the trio decided to pass up on any more rest. They gathered their belongings and what they could salvage from the dead goblins, which actually was some decent coin, and they went on their way.

It took almost twenty four hours to reach Haven, so it was once again dark. The trio decided it was best to grab a room for the night. Samar bought his own room, though Sophia and Aaron were used to sharing at this point and the money may be needed for supplies. Before returning to their rooms the friends sat down to a warm meal and a cold ale

"So Samar. We need your help. Solace is gone. Destroyed by dragons and... Some lizard men creatures. But one of them mentioned slaves. We want the elves to send a rescue party and save our family." Aaron explained all in one go.

Samar sat and thought for a moment before replying "It will be hard to convince them it's worth it. But I believe I can do it. By the way, those beast were called Draconians. You aren't the first to have seen them. They have been popping up all over the place as of recently."

With that, there was really not too much more to discuss. Samar went to his room while Aaron and Sophia went to theirs. Aaron was all to crawl into bed and close is eyes and relax. Sophia was doing something; he assumed she was unpacking or something.

"I never had the chance to thank you for what you did for me." Sophia said to him.

Aaron opened a single eye but soon both of them were wide open. Sophia was standing before him, having undressed and completely naked to his eyes. Her hands covered her breast and her legs crossed slightly to hide her most private parts. Aaron couldn't remove his eyes from her body; the moonlight was peering through the window at just the right angle bathing her body in silver light.

Sophia let her hand drop, revealing her breast to him before she walked over to him crawling over top of him, her hands on either side of his body and she slowly lowered her lips down to his. Both of them in that instantly melted into each other, the kiss having been a long time coming as his hands wrapped around her back and pulled her too him, deepening the kiss as his tongue would push past her lips to mix with hers.

This would last for several minutes before it finally broke with reluctance. "Sophia... I love you. I always have."

"Shh shh... I love you too Aaron but the time for talk is gone." A grin would show on her face.
