 Author's Note: A short story requested by one of my readers.

*****

There's a certain thrill when walking past the city gates after a long battle and a hard-won victory. I know it well, but it's not what most think it is. They imagine that the shouts and screams and flashed breasts out of adulation are what make it so intoxicating, or that it's just great to have survived. While I can't speak for the others who follow behind me, I know that those assumptions are wrong. For me, it's anything but the crowd's adoration or the throngs of women begging to share my chambers.

No. It's only one person's approval I seek, for theirs is something that I have longed after ever since I was little. And this day that approval finally meets my gaze. She's there, standing at the centre of the largest crowd yet. But she is far from drowned out by the horde, if anything they only make her shine more brightly. The flowing, crimson locks that bleed into her strong face and warm, pillow soft lips, then down into her commanding chin.

My eyes are dragged willingly down her gracefully arched neck. I soon spy her chest, which swells out her clothing to the point that it looks fit to burst - as it had on occasion - while her pinched waist only highlighted the curves above and below. The sun and moon at their most enthralling pale in comparison to the goddess among mortals that stands only feet away from me.

Our gazes meet, and I see my eyes reflected in hers. It's natural to share a mother's eyes, especially when I've inherited so much else from her. Conceited though it may sound, but I'm more than confident that my beauty is second only to my mother's. She smiles and strides toward me, urging me to dismount my horse and walk up to her.

My rank demands that I keep my pacing even. I walk as if approaching a dignitary, rather than my own family, and stop at arm's length. We're opposites in dressing. My armour clatters whenever I move, constricting my abundant curves, while their progenitor flaunts them flawlessly. I cannot describe her otherwise, for there's no better word suited to my mother, the Empress. Those who would impose upon that distinction speak blasphemy.

"Three years, Mary," my mother intoned, supple lips lifting into a glorious smirk, "Well done and welcome home, my daughter."

"Thank you," I smiled shyly, "Mother." I hadn't said that word in a long time, and not to her directly, certainly not when she wore such a proud, enticing smile. And it was aimed at me this time, not at one of her many concubines for birthing yet more of my siblings. My eyes strayed at the thought, glancing to the people gathered around us. So many of them, far too many for me to count, shared my blood.

It made sense, though most of the other nations were perturbed by it. My mother, our empress, is the epitome of beauty, power and virility, as such it made sense for her genes to be almost exclusively passed down through the generations. After all, what other woman could sire a third gender?

"Tonight!" My mother announced, her soft, yet imposing voice quelling the roars of her people, "We honour our brave warriors and I," she fixed her gaze on mine, permitting me a glimpse of her inner machinations, "Will personally celebrate our general, my daughter, for her impeccable victory!"

The cheers still echo in my ears. Night had overtaken the sky, leaving little of the world visible except where lamps and candles burn, casting their warm glow. But I don't feel it. My skin could be iron for how cold I am, yet I'm not shivering. I stand in my mother's chambers, a cavernous room with a suitably massive bed at its centre. Purple silk and gold threads adorn it, as does the veiled shape of my mother as she awaits my decision.

I can hear her cooing softly. She's keeping herself ready, whether I join her or not. My back faces her, but I can see her blurred reflection in the window. We're both naked, but that's not why the heat is lost to me.

For all my life, I've worked to earn my place. Just because I am one of the few children Mother birthed herself, doesn't give me privileges. Nor does the fact that I live in her palace. She was always busy, expanding her empire or replacing the people of the civilisations she claims, so she's more of a sponsor. Even so, I wanted nothing more than for her to be proud of me.

To that end I joined the military and trained harder than the others. I studied harder. I ran longer, fought deadlier, seduced quicker... All to rise to become General and lead my mother's forces to victory. Now I've done that, and she showed pride in me. More than that, she wants to give me the highest honour in the empire. But that means leaving behind my rank, my soldiers, my hard work.

I focus on Mother's reflection and gulp when I see that she's almost completely erect. Time is running out. She's already moaning softly, the sound musical in its own rite. Warmth flushes through me as I watch, not even blinking, as her bleary figure moves to put that pillar of feminine virility into view. Not even my broadsword could compare to that weapon, nor could a spear. I know that my body wants her.

"Mary," Mother moans. Never in my life has my name sounded so beautiful, so melodic, so... perfect. I rip my eyes away from her reflections and look down at myself, gasping softly when I finally realise how erect my nipples are. Tentatively, I reach down to feel between my legs, where a burgeoning, fiery ache threatens to undermine my self-control. As I thought; I'm soaked, practically dripping.

A short breeze catches my attention. I turn towards it and see my sword and armour neatly laid out only a few feet away, the candlelight flickering off the steel plates almost seductively. Mother moans again, followed by a heavy splatter of fluid. She's ready. I have to bite my bottom lip to keep from speaking hastily.

Concubines are revered and cared for all their lives. They're the fortunate few that my mother has chosen to breed over and over again. They want for nothing but to carry more children. And they're content with that life, luxuriating around the palace with bellies protruding forth like an arrow shaft. I could have that life. No fighting, no worries. Just my mother's love and our children.

"Mary," Mother repeats in my ear. I jump in fright and turn to face her, except my vision can't find her, for its consumed with the purple, glistening head of her cock. My nostrils flare without thought and inhale her heavenly sweet, lust empowering musk. I can almost hear my womb begging me to give in, "What's wrong?"

I smile despite my inner conflict. She's so kind that she can even worry about others when she clearly just wants to fuck. What else from my empress?

"It's just... I've worked so hard to become a general and fight for you. For your approval," I confide in her, "I can't just throw it all away..." A hand as soft as clouds finds my cheek and I lean into it, like a cat would into its provider's loving scratches.

"I cannot make that decision for you," Mother states, "But I said I was going to celebrate you, and I meant it." She snaps her fingers before I can question her and, an instant later, six beautiful women walk in. They all share my mother's gender, though their members are far smaller in scope as they bob with their steps. The six come to a stop behind my mother and stand there, sporting their bodies proudly.

"M-Mother?" I frown at her in uncertainty, but she merely smiles and steps back, joining the women.

"Choose," Mother states after a moment of silence.

For anyone else, this wouldn't be a dilemma. They would choose my mother in a heartbeat, leaving the rest to relieve themselves. But I know my mother's abilities in the bedroom, as does almost everyone in her empire, and they're impossible to escape. Especially when she intends to properly breed you. After that, there's no going back to another woman.

But the other six were all so puny in comparison. Mother outstripped them all by at more than two feet, despite the fact that each possessed a member as long and thick as their forearms. Their balls were barely worth noting beside Mother's own sack, which hung down to her knees with two orbs as large wide as my torso. My tongue wets my lips as I stare.

When my feet carry me forward of their own volition, I realise that I never had a choice. I am a woman of ripe age after all, and I've accomplished my goals in life. Now it's time for a new goal, one that would aid the empire immeasurably.

I fall to my knees, as I had many times before in respect, and gaze up at the towering cock. My mother's face peers around it, smiling jubilantly as if she hadn't known what would happen. She turns and makes two gestures, one for the women to leave and another for me to follow her. I rise and stroll after the beautiful curves of my mother's body as she moves back to the giant bed.

When she turns to face me and sits down, my eyes follow her unerringly. I gulp audibly and join her, sitting so close that our broad hips are touching and her magnificent bust grazes my own. Without uttering a single word, Mother entwines her fingers in my hair and pulls me down, lowering my face until I'm staring down her leaking urethra. It looks big enough to swallow my thumb. All it takes it a gentle thrust and I know what she wants of me.

My mouth falls open and descends upon her beastly member. Everything in that moment suddenly comes into stark clarity. The heat of her body against mine is like fire, catching the embers of my lust and setting them ablaze. My heart pounds so violently that I'm amazed it doesn't echo, while I feel her own through the twisting veins of her prick. Her breath stutters briefly, urging me to stuff my mouth fuller with cock and lick at her sensitive tip. I can smell her so clearly that it's like no other aroma exists outside of her lustful musk.

Then my senses finally catch up to taste. Being a general, I've eaten the finest meat prepared by the finest chefs in the land, but this... I find myself eagerly lapping at her slit, glugging down her fluid while my head slowly bobs back and forth, knowing that I need to pleasure her for more. More of her pre-cum spews forth, every second bringing a deluge of thick, salty, virile seed. Yet this is only the calm before the storm.

Her hands move to the back of her mind and push slightly. I oblige with a hoarse moan and force my throat to open around her. My gag reflex is naturally triggered, but I push on. Tears bead and overflow from my eyes, while my coughs send spittle spewing from my lips. It's painful, but in the most satisfying way. My gullet stretches around her, so much so that I swear her shape has replaced that of my neck by now.

Neither of us care about the mess I'm making. Spit and pre-cum run down her shaft, almost a minute passing before they reach her base, while I gradually take her deeper into my body. Mother's fingers massage my scalp while she whispers delicious encouragement to me, telling me of how proud she is, how many daughters I will birth her, how she's looking forward to sowing her seed in my cunt. Every word resonates within me, sending a wave of wanton desire through my womb.

One of her hands leaves my head and traces its way down my body. It soon finds my thick, muscled thigh, then pulls it closer to inspect my sloppy pussy. I moan at her touch, then moan again as her cock throbs in my mouth. The pain hasn't dwindled at all. My jaw aches and my neck feels like it could snap at any moment, yet that's what makes this so thrilling. I can barely breathe, yet I can't help huffing her scent up like a curious dog.

That might be what I am now; nothing but a bitch in heat. Mother will mate with me and quench this burning in my womb. But when? I whine instead of moan, causing her to pause her stroking of my aching snatch. She, then, presses two of her fingers against my drooling hole and roughly shoves them inside, scratching against my walls and instantly finding my most sensitive spot. I don't moan, nor whine. Instead, I scream in ecstasy.

My vision starts to dim until a sudden emptiness brings my consciousness back. I jerk upright and pant heavily. My breaths are raspy, unsurprising given the slab of uncompromising meat that had blocked my airways. I raise my hands to my face and feel the slimy mixture of my saliva and her pre. A pout settles on my features; I must look disgusting like this.

"No," Mother denies, reading my expression like she would an open book. She leans close to me, her sullied, majestic cock pushing into my breast, then captures me lips in a hungry embrace. I return the affection hungrily, as if I were finally eating after days of battle. Her lips are so large and soft, enveloping mine in their plushness, while her tongue quickly and tenderly dominates mine. She is indominable, an absolute.

"Now," she says and pulls away, leaving me gasping for air and with an even greater need in my core, "Shall we?" I nod desperately and fall onto my back, spread my legs and reach down to pull me lips apart for her. Mother chuckles at my exuberance and stands up, then moves to stand between my legs, her monumental phallus stroking against my starving cunt.

"Finally," Mother breathes, moaning softly as she coats herself in my plentiful juices, "I've waited for this moment, Mary. Since the day I conceived in my womb with my own seed."

"What?" I gasp, barely able to comprehend her words through the thick haze of my heat.

"I am your only parent," Mother explains, now pushing herself against my needy hole, "You are untainted. And now, we'll sire a whole generation of perfection."

I'm untainted? I release my pussy to lay my hands on her cock, feeling the sheer power and ferocity barely contained within it. She intends to use me, to have me birth a generation of her young without any taint in the bloodline. My children would have only her genes, as would their children. An empire of perfection.

"Please?" I rasp and grind my cunt against her tip, a cocktail of our sexual desire coating our sexes, "Do it, Mother. Let me carry all the young you could ever want. Permit me to be the start of your true empire."

Have I gone mad? Possibly. I'm not so far gone as to not ignore how insane my mother sounds, nor that she intends to replace all other bloodlines with her own. But it makes sense. She's the epitome of humanity, someone who surpassed the idea of genders and beauty and power. Mother is not a simple Empress.

"Give me your cum, my goddess," I moan and see it in her eyes, that she has come to the same conclusion as me. Her fingers grip my thighs and her hips inch forward, sinking the slightest amount of her prick into me. That alone is enough to fill me greater than any other has before, but that's only the tip.

Mother continues to push into me. My inner walls spread around her like a hot knife through butter, even as my muscles clamp around her to savour every added inch of her majesty. Yet, no matter how far she sinks inside, her cock seems no smaller. From my perspective, I can only guess how much more there is to come. My head falls back in bliss.

I grunt when she reaches my cervix. She finally pauses, but only to adjust her stance and place her hands on my broad hips. I grasp her wrists, arms pushing my tits together. They were the perfect target for the immense bulge of her cock. Realistically, I shouldn't be able to take her like this. No one should. But my mother is her own definition on realism.

"Fuck every inch of me, Mother," I plead, undulating my entire back to entice her, "Use your godly cock and ruin your daughter. My womb years for you. My eggs need your sperm. Please, Mother? Use me."

"With pleasure," Mother breathes, her voice as soft and comforting as ever, despite being almost a foot deep inside her child, "I'll make sure you're the most pregnant of all my concubines, Mary. You shall be my idol of fertility, a mother that no other woman could compare to. Or, perhaps, you would like to remain mobile as my General?"

"No!" I quickly refuse, reaching up to clasp her shoulders in desperation, "Please don't do that. I want to be so big and heavy with our babies that I can't move an inch on my own. Please, Mother, don't let me be anything more than your breeder!"

She laughs heartedly at my pleas, then pulls back. It's painful, both in its slowness and how empty I feel when she finally comes to a stop.

"I never had any other intention, Mary," Mother assures me and grunts as she forcibly rams her cock deep into me, crushing against my cervix. She retreats again, then drives forth. My cervix continues to resist her, but it can't hold out forever. Mother thrusts again, sinking another fraction of her meat into me. Once more and she'll be in my womb.

She pauses with her tip barely inside of me. Our eyes meet, though mine are unfocused. Her breaths are even, while mine are ragged. In that brief reprise, I catch her scent again, but its far stronger now. I can practically taste it on my tongue and feel it coursing through my veins, inciting my desire to greater heights.

"Please, Mother," I repeat, though it's a struggle to speak without moaning, "Fuck this General's fertile cunt."

Mother, being the benevolent and wise Goddess that she is, promptly responds to my prayer. Her dick races up my pussy, parting the walls that had only just begun to recover from her earlier rampage. She, then, shot past my battered cervix and embedded herself deep into my womb. My belly stretched around her enormity as if I was made of wax.

I watch her shape, absolutely engrossed by its progress. My pussy clenched tight when I felt her push between my tits. Her warmth was incredible, as was the sheer size of her veins. They throbbed wildly against my skin, every beat of her heart matching mine. My gaze drifted away to behold Mother's body as she thrusts into me. Her tits bounce and jiggle whenever she moves, capturing my attention completely.

The way her flesh ripples reminds me of ocean waves. So beautiful, yet it has the power to kill in an instant. With the heat of the moment, I almost want to dive into her. But that doesn't happen, of course. She just keeps fucking me, rocking back and forth without stuttering in the slightest. More of her length sinks into me with every push.

"Mother," I moan, bringing her attention to the fact that her cock, wreathed in my elastic flesh, is level with my nose now. I could suck on her through my own belly. That possibility leaves my mind, however, when she abruptly thrusts much harder than before. Her cock darts over my head, her tip easily half a foot above my eyes. Mother doesn't pause for a second, though. She shoots me a lustful smirk, then picks up where she left off.

Eventually, she sinks so deep inside that I can feel her breath on my skin. By that time, I couldn't fathom just how impossibly stretched my body had become. I caught the sensation of lips on my skin amidst the array of sensations. Mother was kissing my body as she ruined it for anyone but herself. She loves me, I thought with a blissful smile as another tremor of ecstasy races through me.

Then she angles her next thrust. The shape of her cock moves away from my face, allowing me to fully gaze upon her. Sweat glistens on her skin, as it does on mine. Her hair is matted down and wild. I can smell her too, as clear as I can smell our combined sexes. Rather than pungent or off putting, as sweat normally is to me, it makes me crave her even more.

Better than that, it makes my ovaries burn with need. In the corner of my mind, it feels like all my eggs are ready to be inundated in her sperm. My rank, my goals in life, even the hopes of marriage all lose meaning. This is my purpose. I was conceived for this, raised for it, chosen by my mother for it.

