 Hannah blinked sleepily as her mind detangled itself from a fluffy, hazy nothingness. The gray sky was still there, and she could feel the rocks digging into her back, but her head was comfortably propped up. She saw Cian's face looming over her and blinked sleepily, trying to make sense of this. When she finally remembered bits and pieces, her hand shot up to her neck, but she couldn't find a wound.

"You healed," Cian told her, his voice strangely shaky. Hannah looked up at him again, not understanding just exactly what had happened between them. She could feel his thumbs stroking her shoulders reassuringly. 

"You should probably drink something," Cian told her. "And take some iron supplements when we get back to Earth. Here..." 

He helped her sit up slowly, and Hannah felt a sickening lurch of her stomach. When the nausea had passed, Cian handed her one of the metal bottles, and she started to drink. She finished half the bottle in quite a short time, aware that there was a lot of liquid she needed to replace. 

"I know there probably isn't a really good time to ask this," Cian said, "but I was wondering who you dreamed about?"

Hannah shuddered when she remembered. "That sadistic kid. The one with the silver hair."

"Adrian." Cian exhaled audibly. "If we hurry, we might be able to save Aurai."

Hannah looked at him. "What do you mean?"

Noor told me who is doing it," he explained to her. "Lizanne, our matriarch. She is possibly getting help from Coram, they have been lovers for a long time. Aurai is still alive, everyone else has died." He shook his head. "I still don't quite understand it."

"Why she is doing it?" Hannah asked.

Cian shrugged. "Power. All my kind strives for, really. Noor told me some things. She... she used to be one of us. Lizanne sent her here by accident when she was experimenting. Apparently she's been trying to rob us of our essences for a long time, and you finally gave her a way." Cian rubbed his temples. "She must have been overjoyed when I told her how you did it."

"So they slept with Adrian and the others?" Hannah asked. "Is that... customary?"

"That's the thing," Cian said, staring blankly. "I think they used us for that."

"What?" Hannah frowned. "How in the world do you figure that?"

"Because Meraja told me that she missed me," he said. "I was in my own body, it wasn't Coran or Lizanne that she was sleeping with. It was me, and she knew that. When I killed her..." He paused, and Hannah lay her hand on his arm reassuringly. 

"I felt like I betrayed her," he sighed. "She looked at me like... in this way that she would never look at Coran, or anyone else."

"I'm sorry," Hannah said. This obviously was painful for him, and she wasn't sure how to react. She touched his shoulder comfortingly, but after several seconds pulled her hand away. 

"Cian?" she whispered. "What the hell is happening here?"

He shrugged, disconcerted by her show of affection. "I don't know," he said, sighing. "I just don't know."

