 Disclaimer: Please note that all graphic displays of sexual activities only take place amongst individuals who are at least eighteen years old.

Certain elements of this story were inspired by a Korean manhwa made by author: Sung San-Young and artist: Sang-Ah called "The Gamer" along with some other elements from a few different anime and the tabletop game "Dungeons & Dragons."

This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities between characters or events to persons living or dead in your world is purely coincidental. Only those who have agreed to the above have the privilege of partaking in this story.

------------------------------

I would again like to thank Destodes777 for editing my story. If not for him it wouldn't be nearly as good. I would also like to thank the readers and everyone who left a comment or sent me a message. Your support is much appreciated.

Sorry it's taken so long, but I'd rather take my time to give you something worthwhile than to rush and produce garbage. Again any feedback is appreciated. Thumbs up to everyone who got the reference made in the disclaimer section. If possible I'd like ratings and/or feedback about the following areas of the story so I know what to improve.

CharactersCombatSex ScenesDescriptions of characters/environmentsGamer Ability Information

Lastly I gave some skills to Marcus that he should've had from the beginning, but I forgot about. These skills are:

Cycling -- A lot of children learn to ride a bicycle at some pointDriving -- He has a driver's licenseMathematics -- Learned in schoolMultilingualism -- Canadian schools teach both English and FrenchPerception -- Self ExplanatorySwimming -- It isn't uncommon for children to learn how to swim

------------------------------

As I start to wake I notice my cock was enveloped in something that was pleasantly warm and wet. Once the fog of sleep lifted, it became apparent what the sensation was coming from. I had just enough time to realize my cock was buried in Eve's throat before I exploded in pleasure, sending my semen straight into her stomach. Eve made sure to suck out every last drop of semen before removing my cock from her mouth.

"Morning hot stuff." She says smacking her lips and giving me those come fuck me eyes with a naughty smirk before turning around. Now on her hands and knees she wiggles her ass while spreading her pussy lips apart and looks back at me before saying. "Now that you're awake how about we have some morning exercise."

I immediately use [I'm Not Done Yet] and get on my knees behind her. I rub my cock against her pussy and am delighted to find that it's completely drenched. I make sure to get sufficient lubricant for what I'm planning. Eve's going to get my cock alright, but not where she's expecting.

After making sure my dick is thoroughly lubricated in her juices I line myself up and stab my cock into her puckered anus. This action elicits a yelp of surprise from Eve, much to my delight. Honestly, I've never really been interested in anal sex, but I really wanted to do something to catch her off guard, and the experience I get won't hurt.

"Jeez you naughty boy." She says while looking back at me again and licking her lips. "At least warn me before going for my backdoor. I would've gladly let you inside if you'd just knocked, busting through the door wasn't necessary."

I slowly pull out which drags the flare of my cock head against her warm insides before plunging back into her depths. While gradually building up my rhythm I take note of the differences between her pussy and ass. For starters it's a lot tighter especially where her sphincter muscles are clamping down on my cock. I imagine some of this is due to her surprise. Next it's not quite as wet, but it's still lubricated well enough to not cause either of us pain. I highly doubt this would be the case if she was human though. Lastly while it still feels absolutely incredible it just doesn't match up compared to her pussy. Honestly I'm not entirely sure why she even has an anus, or anything of the sort. After all she doesn't need to eat, and whenever she does it gets completely dissolved and turned into nutrients. Probably just to make her body more human seeing as humans are their main source of nourishment.

Her body quickly adjusts to the unexpected anal sex and once her surprise has died down I hear her breathing getting heavier. Something that's interesting about doggy style anal sex is how my balls keep smacking against her soaking wet pussy lips every time I thrust inside of her. Every smack causes a moan to leak out and I can feel her juices clinging to my balls. It feels like her insides are wriggling around my cock like a snake slithering along the ground. I slam my hips into her harder and faster trying to push Eve to her limits before I run out of steam.

Realizing that I'm going to cum first at this rate I move us to the edge of the bed where we can plant our feet on the floor. This allows Eve to do the moving while my hands go to work. My right hand is stimulating her clit while the left is pinching and twisting a nipple. I activate [Lightning Fingers] and go to town on Eve's clit. She is definitely enjoying my finger work, and bounces up and down with more vigor which causes my cock to plunge deeper into her body.

Unfortunately I'm almost at my limit even with the effects of [Orgasm Control], but judging from her breathing it sounds like Eve is getting close too. Her movements manage to get even more intense and I have to move my hands to her hips to help keep her stable. Now in the home stretch I lie on my back and thrust upward as she descends. After a few more thrusts we both manage to reach our peaks. I keep thrusting through my orgasm until Eve's body goes slack.

After turning onto our sides I pull out of her. It still amazes me that no matter how much semen I pump into her body none of it leaks out. Even with how her ass is gaping right now not a single drop is dripping out of the stretched and pulsing hole. 

[Congratulations you have leveled up, you are now level 5]

[Congratulations your [Sexual Intercourse] skill has increased by 4, your [Sexual Intercourse] skill is now level 12]

[Congratulations your [Orgasm Control] skill has increased by 2, your [Orgasm Control] skill is now level 22]

[Congratulations your [Multitasking] skill has increased by 2, your [Multitasking] skill is now level 7]

[Congratulations you have earned the achievement [Now That's a Wake Up Call]

Now That's a Wake Up Call

Every guy would love to wake up like that everyday.

Reward: 50 XP, 50 Mana]

I'm guessing at least half of that is from last night. I didn't check the notifications before going to sleep. As I look over my character sheet something I've been hypothesizing since my first two level ups now seems to be a fact. The experience I need to reach the next level is the current level squared multiplied by one hundred. So in order to reach Eve's level I need seven hundred and thirty-eight thousand experience. Just to reach level ten I'm going to need six thousand four hundred and twenty-five more experience. I'm definitely gonna have to find some way to get experience faster in the future. Maybe I should try adding some experience bonuses if I take care of my major needs like sleep and hunger. Kind of like Skyrim's well rested bonus.

I'll worry about that later. After breakfast I'm going to move all of my belongings that I'm keeping into my inventory, lock up the apartment, then tape a note and my key to the door. I'm done with my life as Richard Little. I'm also going to buy a new cell phone. My current cell is five years out of date by now and there are some things I want to test with the new one. After eating some Honey Nut Cheerios I start moving all of my stuff into the inventory. Some of the big things I'm gonna make sure to grab are my, gaming systems, games, DVDs, T.V. and laptop. As far as I can tell my inventory doesn't have a size limit which is very nice in situations like this.

"I've been thinking." Eve says with her left index finger in the corner of her mouth. A pose that appears far more erotic than it should be with her doing it. "I don't know much about you. What's your story? What lead you to calling upon a demon?"

I tell her about everything I've been through so far while continuing to add stuff to my inventory. She's wandering the room as I'm talking. Honestly it's hard to tell if she's actually paying attention, but I continue anyway. As I found out while talking with Martha it helps make me feel better to tell someone about it. Once I'm done I look over at Eve.

"I'm sorry, sounds like you've had it rough." Eve says this with an uncharacteristically serious expression on her face. "I don't know what it's like to have parents, or lose them, but I do know a thing or two about suffering. What was Martha like?"

"She was a fiery old bird." I can't help smiling while thinking about her. "She was always there whenever I needed someone and helped me open up about everything I went through. Apparently she was a high school counselor when she was younger and in better health. Always liked to help people deal with their problems."

"Sounds like she meant a lot to you." She says while looking through some of my things. 

"What about you, what's your story?" I ask while straightening out the clothes I'm wearing.

"I don't want to talk about it." She says as a dark expression crosses her face. Filled with a combination of grief and anger.

"Are you sure?" I ask hoping she'll open up. "I've found talking can help make you feel better."

"Maybe, but I don't want to." She says this with a look that tells me it's best to drop the subject.

"I won't bring it up again. Just know I'm here if you need me." I say not wanting to push, but also reminding her that she's not alone. "So anyway what's Hell like?"

"Honestly that depends on which layer you're talking about." She says this with more of her usual sultry voice rather than the serious tone from before. "For example the eighth layer which Lord Mephistopheles rules is a frozen wasteland. Every layer is a terrible environment to live in with plenty of things that could kill you."

"That sounds terrible, but I guess that's the point. It is Hell after all." I say while transferring my wolf throw blanket to my inventory and thinking her description kind of sounds like Baator from Dungeons and Dragons. Baator is Hell in D&D in case you don't know.

"The environment is bad, but if you can survive long enough it forces you to become more powerful." She says this while picking up my mother's jade necklace. "Are you going to take this?"

"Yes, but it's the only memento from my youth that I'm taking. That necklace, some photo albums and a few other trinkets are all that I've got left from my childhood." I say this while taking the necklace from Eve.

"It's hard to leave some of these things behind, but I feel it's necessary in order to move forward and finally put my past where it belongs. My mom however is too important to just leave all memories of her behind." I say while transferring the necklace into my inventory. "So I'm gonna keep one thing to remember her by."

After I finish transferring everything to my inventory we head outside. I lock the door and tape the key and note to it. We hop in my car and I leave a message on the landlords answering machine before heading to Walmart. Once there I decide to get a Samsung Galaxy S8 plus. I have nothing against Apple, but I prefer android devices. In addition this phone has two enchantment slots.

I've been using [Analyze] on basically everyone I see partly to help increase its level, but also to get an idea of what the general public's level and stats are like. Most people seem to be around level three and four with stats in the average range of five to nine. However most people have at least one stat that is in the above average range. I've seen a few people who were level five, but so far no one above that. Judging by this information I imagine the highest level a normal human could reach is probably level ten. Of course by normal I mean someone with no ties to the supernatural. A person who is level ten would probably be someone who is at the top of what they specialize in. Like a Stephen Hawking, or Usain Bolt.

I want to call Julia and see if she wants to meet up, but I'm getting nervous. Yesterday the situation forced me to act so I basically just relied on [Self-Confidence] while I was talking with Julia to avoid making a fool of myself. Now that I need to be the one to initiate the conversation without having it forced on me I can't seem to make the call. Why is this so hard? Things went well yesterday so odds are everything will be fine. Did everything go well though? I didn't do anything wrong did I? Why am I second guessing everything? Seriously all I need to do is push a button and Julia will probably put all of these fears to rest, but what if she doesn't? What if she realized that yesterday was a mistake and now she doesn't want anything to do with me. God I'm pathetic. I guess I've spent so long seeing the worst of everything that now it's hard to actually think positive. If I don't do this how can I call myself a man? After taking a few deep breaths I finally hit the call button. After two rings she picks up.

"Hey I'm so glad you called." Julia says in a cheerful tone of voice. "Are you planning on doing that training you mentioned yesterday?"

"Something like that." I say my mood brightened and a huge smile on my face. I'm so happy that she obviously hasn't changed her mind. "Actually last night I got another ability that I want to try out and was thinking I'd try to help you figure out your abilities while I'm at it."

"Okay that sounds great." As she says this I hear another voice in the background saying the bathroom is free.

"I'll be there soon." I say looking forward to seeing her again.

"Well I'm going to go have a bath. I'll probably be in there for a while. I'm planning to have a little fun while thinking about yesterday. Bye." She says bye with a singsong voice probably imagining the dumbstruck look that's on my face right now.

By the time I regain my voice enough to say goodbye she's already hung up. You know it's funny because it almost felt like I was talking about a video game it actually made things go a lot smoother until Julia pulled that. After all gaming is something I can easily talk with others about because I did it all of the time with voice chat. Once I've calmed down from Julia's unexpected remark I drive over to her sister's house. After a few false starts I ring the doorbell. Eve and I are greeted by Rebecca Nichols. While we exchange greetings I use [Analyze] on her.

[Name: Rebecca Nichols

Race: HumanAlignment: Positive 1/5 Order 2/5Age: 29

Title: Ms.Job: Author

Level: 3 XP: N/AHP: 100% MP: N/A

Strength: 7Dexterity: 8Vitality: 6Toughness: 5Intelligence: 13Wisdom: 12Charisma: 9Luck: 8

Stat Points: N/ASkill Points: N/A

Buffs:

None

Debuffs:

Writer's Block

Measurements:

Height - 5'7Bust - 34BWaist - 30"Hips - 34"

Sexual Experience:

Number of Male Partners - 3Number of Female Partners - 2Experience - average

Likes:

Plants, Animals, Nature

Dislikes:

Liars, Vanity, Cheaters

Emotions:

Interest, Frustration, Doubt

Wealth:

Above Average

Arousal:

Moderate

Disposition Towards You:

Interested but cautious

Skills:

Cleaning lv. 12Cooking lv. 12Cycling lv. 14Driving lv. 9Gardening lv. 18Masturbation lv. 16Mathematics lv. 14Multilingualism lv. 4Oral Sex lv. 9Pet Care lv. 19Perception lv. 9Plant Knowledge lv. 12Sexual Intercourse lv. 9, Swimming lv. 14Writing lv. 21

Abilities:

N/A

Flaws:

Ophidiophobia, Sensitive, Needle Phobia, Untrusting]

The way my ability judges alignments is a little weird. There are two bars. One represents the positive and negative energy scale the other one is order and chaos. There are eleven notches on each bar, a scale of one to five on both sides plus one for zero. It's kind of like the Dungeons and Dragons alignment system, but more complex. I guess that makes sense people aren't black and white after all. 

I still find it odd that when I use [Analyze] on people their health is represented with a percentage instead of numbers. It might have something to do with the [Gamer's Body] ability.

Anyway as for Rebecca's appearance for the most part she looks a lot like Julia with a few notable differences. For starters she is a little taller and thinner. Breasts seem to be smaller although it's hard to tell because she has her arms folded in front of her chest. I can't tell from this angle, but her ass probably is too. She's a brunette unlike her sister, but they've got the same eyes. They are both beautiful in my opinion. If I had to choose I'd say Julia is better looking. Another thing to note, where Julia tends to stand tall and with confidence, Rebecca slouches, and is more withdrawn. Of course she might just be tired so I shouldn't make any assumptions. The last thing to note is the way she was looking at me. It's like she was staring right through me and into my soul. A little unsettling to be honest.

"I'm guessing you're Marcus?" Rebecca asks her stare becoming one that seems unimpressed. Those eyes light up more when she looks behind me over to Eve. "And you must be Eve. Jules wasn't exaggerating when she described you."

Eve didn't hesitate to say something in response. 

"Oh I'm sure she didn't begin to scratch the surface love." Eve says stepping past me and extending a hand. Rebecca accepts it, but the hesitation to do so was evident. 

"What lovely hands." Eve says while rubbing Rebecca's hand with her thumb. "What do you use?"

"A hand cream made by The Body Shop. I love how it makes my hands feel." She says pulling her hand back with a little blush in her cheeks.

"Can I try some?" Eve asks while rubbing her own hands.

"Sure, come on in." Rebecca replies extending a hand into her home in an inviting gesture.

I breathe a sigh of relief as the two of them go inside. This provides me a chance to take in my surroundings. 

The porch feels much smaller than it actually is due to the numerous potted plants she has decorating it. Aside from around the bench beside the door there is little room to move about. Stepping inside her home was like walking into a botanist's wet dream. There are various plants no matter where I look. Her home has actually taken a floral scent because of this. A beautiful golden lab is following behind Rebecca with it's tail happily wagging around. I feel something rub against my leg which causes me to look down and see a gray and white cat rubbing against me.

After getting to the living room I notice another cat. This one is pure white and sleeping on her cable box that's on the entertainment center beside an I'm guessing fifty inch television. There's also a bird cage with a couple of love birds happily singing inside.

"Feel free to take a seat while I go get the hand cream." Rebecca says before leaving the room.

"I don't think she likes me very much." I say to Eve with a sigh as I sit down on the couch.

"Judging from her emotions I think it's men in general that she doesn't like." Eve says while sitting down beside me. "It feels to me like she's closed off her heart to the male sex. Poor girl I don't know what I'd do without a hotdog in my bun on a regular basis. Playing clean the carpet is fine, but I prefer bury the treasure."

"I'm sure she has her reasons. According to the information I got from using [Analyze] she's had three male partners before." I say as the cat from before jumps into my lap.
