 NOTE: this story contains gay male sexual content.

*

Have you ever made love on the deck of a ship? Me neither, but I've had sex on one.

The rain stabbed at our skin like icy needles. I lay on my pack, looking up at him. He was 22, four years my senior, but he was so much bigger than I it bordered on the obscene. His body was hard with muscles, green-tinged skin scarred and tanned from battle and exposure to the elements. One of his tusks was broken and filed smooth and flat, but the other stood proud and tall, gleaming in the wane moonlight. He smirked down at me with a twinkle in his ebony eyes, making me squirm around his knees.

"Your so sexy," he growled as he laid a huge hand on my flat stomach, using the other to brush his wet, black hair off his face. I only stared up at him, beginning to pant as he dragged his hand lower on my body. The difference between us was so great his fingers and thumb were able to brush my hips as his palm brushed across my hard cock. He rubbed over my length, making me gasp in pleasure. His body radiated heat and I felt his own erection grow even larger against my thigh as he chuckled.

"And so eager," came his gravelly voice as he used his free hand to toy with first one nipple, then the other, making my toes curl as I bit my lip to stifle a moan. He licked his lips, his tongue dragging down his full tusk and part of the way up his broken one. He leaned down towards me, his immense hand keep me from rising to meet him, and flicked that organ against my nipple, cause me to gasp. He laughed softly, a noise like crumbling rocks, and continued his delightful torture. My toes curled and my legs thrashed as my hips pumped against his calloused hand. My hands were free this time: in our previous sessions, and we had enjoyed several, he was want to hold my wrists in his immense grasp. I placed one on the back of his head, grabbing a tiny fistful of his drenched locks and giving him the silent encouragement to be rougher. He obliged eagerly, biting my nipple and making me inhale sharply.

The noise must have urged him to push ahead, as he wrapped his great digits around my now throbbing member. Two digits, at least, his thumb and forefinger holding me like a pencil between them. His enormity had taken me some time to become accustomed to; he was several feet taller than I, easily twice as broad and many times heavier. But despite his vast size, or perhaps because of it, he was always gentle with me. Except when I didn't want him to be.

Against my will I cried out as his onslaught continued, now alternating his teeth between the peaks of my flesh as his hand rubbed up and down with a steady, but agonizingly slow, pace. My hips once more began thrusting, meeting each of his down strokes and pulling away on the upstroke. Against my thigh, just barely beyond my reaching fingers, lay the gargantuan dick that would soon be inside me, laying a small trail of precum on my skin and the smooth wood of the deck.

I began to whimper and whisper his name, before biting my other hand hard enough to leave a mark, but just shy of drawing blood. The pain would both cut and add to the pleasure, I knew, prolonging the exquisite torment just a bit more. But it still wasn't enough. In what seemed like moments I was stifling a moan with my arm as I came into his hand. His entire body paused for a moment, then he lifted away from me, leaving my ravaged flesh to chill in the cold night air. It was only then that I realized the light rain had stopped; his broad back and shoulders had sheltered me from it.

He lifted his hand up to his smirking mouth and locked his eyes with mine as he licked my goo from between his fingers, making me whimper excitedly and causing my just-spent cock to stir back to wakefulness. He pulled away from me enough that I could sit forward and bent over so our lips met. His thick tongue invaded my mouth and pushed some of my own cum inside. I relished the feeling and taste of his saliva, mixed with my own semen, swirling around in my mouth. He pulled away, leaving behind the fruits of his labor, and I swallowed greedily. My flagging erection surged to full mast as the salty fluid slid down my throat. As I shuddered in pleasure at the sensation he slid back on the slick wood and I was finally able to get a good view of his gigantic cock. And it was beautiful.

The glans was only slightly smaller than my fist, and the shaft was as thick as my wrist. It was the same deep green as the rest of him, though engorged with blood it seemed darker. Veins pulsed the length of it; I knew from experience they were almost as hard as the whole of his cock. Below the imposing rod hung a pair of equally pendulous balls, obscenely large on any stature smaller than his own mountainous physique. The slit of his cock gleamed wetly in the moonlight and my mouth watered as I reached for it. He simply adjusted his position to be more comfortable and leaned back on his arms, content to let me do all the work. It was only fair after all.

I started at the base, where the skin of his balls met his dick. I suckled at the spot, the nibbled at it, my pulse raising as he groaned above me. I extended my tongue and traced a path all the way up to the underside of his head, then kissed my way back down. This process I repeated twice more: on the third trip up I licked across the slit in his head and collected a mouthful of prized precum, swallowing it happily. I loved the taste for some reason. It was salty, but not so much as sea spray, and had a tangy sweetness that reminded me of oranges.

"Yesss," he hissed above me as I kissed and nipped the tip of him. I stretched out my tongue again and worked over every inch of his throbbing erection, kissing, licking and biting, making the whole of it shine even in the dim lighting. When I hit a spot I knew he liked I lingered for a moment, making him swear and throw his head back. I reached up one hand and tangled my fingers into the bush of hair above my head. It was thick and black and hung as limp as the stuff on his head, though I knew both were curly when dry. It met the hair of his stomach in a neat triangle shape, though he never trimmed it. He was covered in hair, though that on his arms and legs was silky, whereas his bush was thick and full and the hair of his chest and belly was coarse.

I pulled away and looked at my treat with some apprehension; it was the moment of truth. I was both afraid and excited, and the conflicting feelings made my head swim. If I waited I might chicken out, and while I knew I would enjoy what came next I wanted to do this for him. So I took a deep breath opened my mouth as wide as I could and sank my maw onto his cock.

My jaw stretched painfully as he swore above me and rested a great hand on the nape of my neck. He didn't push, and I knew he wouldn't. It was a subconscious movement, a reminded by the animal side of his brain of who was in charge. But I had never forgotten. I relished our statuses.

After a moment I was able to relax my jaw enough to fit a bit more of his cock inside, so I pushed my head down the ponderous length. My teeth scrapped against his sensitive shaft, making him gasp. Once I would have thought it was hurting him. Now I knew it was, but I also knew he loved the pain. My tongue was squished against the bottom of my mouth and I could feel my cheeks bulging when I felt him prod the entrance to my throat. I realized I had closed my eyes, and opened them to disappointment: I was scarcely halfway down. I was able to look up and my frustration was replaced with glee; his eyes were glazed over from the pleasure of my tiny mouth and his tongue lolled lewdly from his mouth. It was time to really get started.

With a slowness I knew to be agonizing I dragged my mouth off his cock, only to return to my original position in an instant, making him grant and stretch out his tree-trunk legs. I bobbed gleefully on his rod, working his head with my tongue when only it remained and swallowing against the tip when it struck my esophagus. But it wasn't enough for me, or him. We both wanted the same thing, and as our eyes met again we both seemed to realize how best to achieve it.

Without removing my mouth from his flesh I got onto my hands and knees, and he raised himself up on his powerful arms as I used a hand to angle his cock just right. I pushed my body forward, taking him into me again until his tip hit my throat as before. Only this time I kept going another full inch, gagging slightly. I pulled back and repeated the process, pushing no further but getting myself accustomed to the feeling him so deep in my front half. A few stokes and I no longer gagged, so I added more of his meat into me until I gagged again. I don't know how long the process actually took but in seemingly no time my nose was pressed into his pubes. It was difficult to breath with so much of him in my throat, but it was worth it for the feeling.

He mumbled a string of guttural orcish words under his breath and placed a hand on either side of my head. My heart fluttered and my joy increased tenfold as I knew what was coming next. He held my head still and pulled his hips back, pulling his cocking back out of my throat and letting me take a deep breath before pushing back in. This time it was him whimpering as he hilted in my mouth. I had never been so proud as I was in that moment, on my knees like a bitch with my Orc lover's monstrous length entirely in my gullet. I swore his head was actually in my stomach. Again and again, with commendable slowness, he pumped in and out. I adored how gentle he was but I could see the sweat froming on his skin. Not from exercion, I knew, but from restraint. I tapped him on the leg and he began to withdraw, but I quickly wrapped a slender arm around his waste and pulled him back in. He looked down at me and realization seemed to dawn as a slightly concerned look formed on his face.

"Are you sure," he asked between heavy breaths. I formed an OK symbol with my hand and swallowed on his cock, making him shudder. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and resumed his steady pace. Only this time he gradually picked up speed, thrusting faster and faster until he was finally fucking my face in earnest. With every thrust his balls would swing forth and slap my chin.

The creaking of the ship, the washing of the gentle waves, his heavy panting and the slapping sound of his testicles on my chin filled my ears. It was the most wonderful sort of music. His hands tightened on my head, a silent sign that I would soon be rewarded for my hard work.

"Fuck," he snarled, making my toes curl, "Fuck...Im gonna....oh FUCK!"

With the last exclamation he hilted and held himself still as his rod swelled and then receded and a delicious warmth was deposited directly into my belly. A second such pulse followed, and a much weaker third as my stomach distended. The whole while I groaned and moaned around him, showing my appreciation for his gift and egging him on. After the third we both remained still and panted, until my head started to swim from lack of oxygen and I tapped his thigh. He withdrew, dribbling more cum along the way and depositing a small load into my mouth before slipping from my lips with a pop. I savored the taste before swallowing with a contented sigh and rubbing my swollen belly. I commented that I almost looked pregnant, and then saw the light his eyes as both of our erections surged back to life. It was finally time for the main event.

He sat back on his arms again, staring at me and issuing a silent command with his eyes. "Come to me," they said. I obeyed gladly, climbing shakily to my feet and walking over to him, presenting my ass for his inspection. He grabbed it roughly with both hands, pulling the cheeks apart to get a good look at my puckered hole. Then he licked from the bottom of my ass to the top, making my shiver when his tongue passed over my entrance. A spot he quickly returned to and tenaciously worked his tongue into, causing me to squeal with pleasure as he happily ate my ass. All too soon, though, he pulled his mouth away, leaving me cold and bereft until he replaced it with an enormous finger. I moaned lewdly and squeezed around the invading digit, looking down and grinning at the effect my response had on his body. His cock twitched and grew even harder as he roughly pumped the finger in and out of me. He added another, causing me to moan even louder as he aggressively finger fucked me. Then came the third, and this time I hissed in pain at the first penetration, causing him to pause. I stood still, panting for a moment, then looked back at him and nodded and he began to slowly pump the three digits in and out of me. When I thought I was about to cum he withdrew them, apparently satisfied that I was ready, and I turned to face him and began to lower my body.

Despite our preperations, taking him into my ass hurt like hell. Even just getting the head to pop inside felt like something tore. I hissed again and paused until the pain inevitably went away, then sank slowly down his shaft. Inch after agonizing inch disappeared into my body, making me shudder as my knees grew weak. I put my hands on his huge shoulders to steady myself and wound up staring into the stars reflecting in his midnight black eyes. The sight, however, proved too much of a distraction, as my feet suddenly slipped on the slick wood.

Had he not jammed his fingers into my mouth at that very moment my scream would have woke the entire ship. Once I was silent again, shivering in pain and shock, he wrapped his great arms around me and stroked my back, making comforting sounds as my body slowly adjusted to the colossus suddenly lodged inside it. Eventually the pain faded, replaced only by fullness. I rested my face against his neck and inhaled deeply. He smelled masculine and wild, like wild horses and musk. The scent drove me wild and all thoughts of discomfort flew from my mind. I bit his ear, hard, causing his dick to throb inside me, and ordered him to fuck me.

I closed my eyes as he lifted me almost completely off him, then dropped me back down, causing our skin to slap together wetly and both of us to moan in unimaginable pleasure. For him it was the tightness and heat of my ass, so very much smaller than him. For me it was the huge girth and length of his cock, which would bulge my belly if it weren't already swollen from the cum he had pumped into it earlier.

For almost half an hour he fucked me like that, my arms on his shoulders to steady me as he took complete control, driving me up and down his rod like a fuck toy. The idea sent electricity down my spine and caused me to cum on his chest with a squeal. But never did he stop, the iron-hard length pounding away at my insides. He bit my nipple, I pulled his hair. He toyed with my spent cock, I squeezed around his, making him grit his teeth. Finally his pace grew frantic, dropping me almost eratically as I licked his full tusk whenever I had the chance.

It came very much as a shock, then, when he pulled me completely off and lay me on my back on the cold, damp wood. At first I wondered if he were going to finish himself and paint me with his spunk, but then he grabbed my hips again and I gleefully raised my ass as high as I could and he shoved his entire length into me at once, making me cry out from the insane pleasure. He held my lower body up with one arm, using the other to hold himself up so he could look at my face. He started talking as his thrust became frantic. First it was in Imperial, calling me his own slut and his breeding bitch, setting my belly alight. Then he began speaking in Orcish, calling me his Orgnar, the mother of his children. For Orcs the term could be either endearing or erotic, depending on context, and my heart fluttered as I begged for him to give me his children. With a few more thrusts he obliged, both of us groaning deeply as he poured his seed into me for the second time that night. There was so much I feared my belly would burst, but he pulled out and sprayed several shots onto my body, making me cum for yet the third time before collapsing beside me.

I played absently with the cum coating my body as we both savored the afterglow. His breathing slowed as his cock shrank, signaling that we was drifting to sleep. I realized I needed to clean myself before I slept, so I climbed shakily to my feet and stretched, resting a hand on my belly happily. Then I noticed the door to the captain's quarters was ajar, and I smirked. It was going to be a very long and very delightful night.