 Disclaimer: Please note that all graphic displays of sexual activities only take place amongst individuals who are at least 18 years old.

Certain elements of this story were inspired by a Korean manhwa made by author: Sung San-Young and artist: Sang-Ah called "The Gamer" along with some other elements from a few different anime and the table top game "Dungeons & Dragons."

------------------------------

I would like to thank Destodes777 for editing my story and helping me turn my ideas into something that you will hopefully enjoy.

Please leave constructive feedback. I'm not saying comments like "I really enjoyed reading your story." Don't make me all warm and fuzzy, but I would prefer If you told me which parts you liked or didn't like. Comments on ideas that you might like to see in my story. Anything that might help me grow as a writer.

Now without further ado please enjoy.

------------------------------

I'm the only child of Robert and Christina Little. We're from a small town of around 1500 people in the middle of nowhere in Ontario, Canada. I loved my parents especially mom. I was a huge mama's boy, I'd follow her everywhere and life was good for awhile. That is until starting the first grade.

I was always the one kid that everyone bullied. I was very socially awkward, had a bad stutter whenever I was nervous and to make things even worse my name was Richard Little. This wouldn't have been so bad except my dad insisted on calling me Dick, apparently he always wanted to call his son Dick. I'll never understand why.

As I'm sure you can imagine it was really easy for the other kids to turn my name into something I loathed. Everyone called me Little Dick. God I hated going to school. People would write Little Dick all over my stuff. I was constantly getting tripped whenever I walked anywhere and no one bothered to help me, they would just laugh as they passed by. That was bad enough, but the icing on the cake was when I caught the attention of the biggest bully in the school.

He was this big, fat, dumb kid that everyone was afraid of. His bullying was much worse than the other kids. Every chance he got he would push me into a wall or onto the ground. If I had something that he wanted he'd hit me until I gave it to him, and then a few more times just for fun. I was so scared of him that there was no way I'd tell someone because I didn't want to make him angry.

It wasn't any better outside of school. The adults would either give me a look of disgust or pity. Once in a while I'd hear parts of conversation like; "I bet he's going to be just like his dad when he grows up." or "I don't want you going anywhere near his family, his dad is a very bad man." or "You stay away from that Richard boy or his dad will get you."

As it turns out the reason I was always bullied was because the parents of the other kids didn't like my parents, and they picked up on that. There were rumors that my dad was a child molester. I even overheard a couple of my classmates saying that my dad tried to touch them. I think the only people who believed otherwise were my mom and I. Although as it turns out the rumors were true.

When I was ten years old my mom ended up catching him trying to force himself on one of my classmates. He abducted her while she was walking to school by knocking her out with some drugs and then took her back to our house. This discovery caused him to panic and during the fight that ensued he ended up killing my mom by pushing her down the stairs and she broke her neck. As it turns out he waited for the girl to regain consciousness before he did anything. I guess it wouldn't have been as fun if she didn't struggle. God, what a sick bastard. However, thanks to that she managed to escape during the fight and immediately ran home and told her parents what happened.

When the police arrived they found mom wrapped up in a blanket in the back of dad's truck and the house looked like a disaster area. Apparently dad trashed the place while frantically searching for the keys that were in his pocket. Luckily this happened during school hours so I didn't end up getting scarred for life. He ended up getting life in prison without the possibility of parole. Even though my mother's death was an accident the judge didn't care. After all not only was he trying to rape a child just a little while before her death, but he was even trying to cover-up what happened. I found out years later that my dad got murdered in prison because someone found out what he tried to do. To be honest with you, that news didn't even bother me. Felt like he got what he deserved.

With no parents or family that were willing to take me in because they were afraid I'd turn out like dad I ended up in the Foster Care System. All of my foster parents treated me like dirt. Like they were suffering by being in the same room as me. I ended up bouncing around a lot of different foster homes. Each seeming to be worse than the last. None of them keeping me longer than a year except the last one. My last foster parents were the nicest ones I had, but honestly it's because they basically just ignored me. I got there shortly after turning eighteen and they let me stay until I graduated high school when I was twenty. Unfortunately the trauma of losing both of my parents caused my grades to plummet resulting in me being held back a couple years.

It was here that I had my first sexual encounter of any kind. As it turned out my older foster sister Stacy Matthews was a huge slut. She offered to blow me if I went down on her first. As you can imagine I jumped at the opportunity. It was really awkward because I didn't know what to do, but she guided me along and I even managed to give her an orgasm.

Shortly after turning 18 I was diagnosed with Hypersexuality. It's a disorder that causes extremely frequent sexual urges. Just seeing someone that I found even slightly attractive would make the sexual fantasies start, this only seemed to get worse the older I got. Sometimes the fantasies would keep repeating for days at a time. Later in life I found out that my case was an anomaly. Usually Hypersexuality was the symptom of something else, like Borderline Personality Disorder for example. However in my case the cause was in my very genetics. This made me wonder if dad also had this problem. That still doesn't excuse what he did though, there is no excuse for something like that.

Anyway I always wore baggy pants in order to hide the random erections that would spring up throughout the day. I'd masturbate any chance I got in order to get some relief, but it didn't last long. So as you can imagine when it came to my turn I was harder than I'd ever been in my life. My dick was about to burst in anticipation. Once she got my pants down however, the only thing I ended up with was humiliation and disappointment.

She took one look at my dick and burst out laughing. Even at my hardest I was only about two and a half to three inches long and only about as thick as a finger. Needless to say this quickly caused me to wilt and run out of her room with tears in my eyes while trying to pull up my pants. The next day everyone at school heard about how Little Dick had a little dick. No matter where I went that nickname seemed to follow me. At this point I started sinking deeper into depression.

She made me keep pleasuring her whenever she was in the mood, which was unsurprisingly all the time. While I was pleasuring her she'd always find some way or another to berate me. I guess at the very least thanks to her I became great at oral sex. Whenever I refused to do what she wanted she'd threaten that she would tell her parents that their foster son raped her, reminding me that they were hers so they wouldn't believe me if I denied it.

Whenever she brought someone over for sex, she'd make me watch and constantly tell me that with my little dick I would never be able to experience this pleasure. It was even worse when she brought girls over because she'd make me strip so that they could ridicule me. I could tell that some of them pitied me, but they didn't bother doing anything to help. After all they didn't want to end up in the same position. 

Whenever she caught me jerking off she'd tell me how my hand was the only lover I'd ever have, or throw other insults around until I was completely soft and thoroughly humiliated. It's like she knew when I was masturbating because about seventy-five percent of the time she'd catch me in the act. Once she even set up a hidden camera in my room and sent the video to almost everyone at school. It felt like relieving myself was some kind of sin.

All of this left me pretty traumatized to the point where I became impotent. Unfortunately even though I couldn't get it up the thoughts and fantasies didn't go away. I had seriously considered suicide on more than one occasion, but never went through with it. 

Once I graduated from high school, I moved to a small town near London, Ontario where I got a crappy little one bedroom apartment and a job with an overnight cleaning service. I figured if I worked at night then I didn't really have to deal with people. I basically lived off of microwavable dinners, soda and junk food. At this point I had stopped taking care of myself. My teeth were getting really bad, my hair was falling out and I was massively overweight.

So there I was thirty-eight years old five foot five, well over three-hundred pounds, half of my teeth gone and almost completely bald. At this point I was trying to start bettering myself, but it was too late. Nothing I did seemed to help. I tried everything I could think of. I talked to my doctor about medications for my depression none of which worked. I started seeing a therapist who only seemed to make things worse. She made me talk about everything I went through which just reopened old wounds. It didn't help that she was incredibly hot and I could tell from the way that she looked at me that she really didn't want to meet with me.

I was getting desperate when David a guy that's in my small circle of online gaming buddies told me about how he had sold his soul to a demon so that he could have sex once a month with a succubus that would look like whoever he wanted. He said selling his soul was well worth it and he still had a few years left before they came to collect. He said it's just unfortunate that he'll never get to play Half-Life 3. Honestly I didn't believe him until he recorded a video of one of his monthly encounters. I had to believe after watching the video. He was having sex with someone who looked just like Penny from the Big Bang Theory.

I ended up doing a lot of research and I tried to sift through all the weird to find what might actually be possible. During my research I discovered that you didn't have to sell your soul when you made a deal. What the demon lords really wanted was energy to turn into mana. Hell is basically run with mana like how earth is run with electricity.

I discovered that there are plenty of types of energy that they can use. However they prefer souls because the negative energies are more potent if they extract it directly from the souls before they send them to their own private room in Hell where they are forced to relive the worst moment of their life repeatedly until they believe with every ounce of their soul that they don't deserve to be punished any more. At which point they are allowed to reincarnate and try again. However if they end up in Hell a second time they are never allowed to reincarnate again.

Depending on how you live your life your soul will absorb positive and negative energies and whichever is the most dominant determines where the soul goes once a person dies. However once you sell your soul there is only one place it'll go no matter how many good things you do afterwards.

Once I learned all of this I started studying the different demon lords so I could determine the best one to make a deal with. During this research is when I discovered Mephistopheles. Apparently he is considered the best demon lord to make a deal with because he never lies and always fulfills his deals how the person intends. Other demon lords will find loopholes to screw you out of what you wanted or some will just straight up orchestrate your death in order to get their side of the deal sooner.

I found it a little hard to believe that there was a demon lord you could actually trust, but apparently he did it in order to build up a positive reputation so that he could gather energy faster in order to overthrow Asmodeus, and become the new king of Hell. I read stories about all kinds of deals people have made. Things like winning the lottery, changing their appearance, mind control, invisibility, having someone killed, saving someone's life or one of the most popular is to have the best sex of their life. Depending on the wish determines when your soul will be collected. It can be anywhere from ten years to as soon as the deal is complete.

Thanks to his reputation he has been able to gather energy much faster than the other demon lords. Mana has other uses besides just powering Hell. It can also be used to cast more powerful magic or absorbed to increase your power, although you have to be careful because absorbing to much to fast can kill you. Thanks to his business model he has grown much stronger relatively quickly and with his increase in power he has gained more influence over Hell. As an added bonus because of his reputation people are making fewer deals with the other demon lords.

Once I was finally ready to summon a servant of Mephistopheles almost a year had passed. I was now thirty-nine and I was going to make damn sure I didn't end up a forty year old virgin. I hated that movie. Probably because it hit to close to home I guess.

I cleared a large area in my living room by moving my couch and coffee table. I say a large area, but it was only about ten square feet. My apartment is really small. I mean once you go down the stairs into my apartment there are only really three rooms. The bathroom, bedroom and everything else, only the bathroom and bedroom have doors though. The kitchen and living room aren't divided just the kitchen area on one side and the living room on the other. All of the apartments have the same design except the downstairs apartments have concrete floors and a cubby hole under the stairs.

I carefully drew the summoning circle on the concrete floor making sure I didn't mess anything up. The whole process took a few hours before I was satisfied. After waiting until midnight I cut my finger to drip a few drops of blood into the circle and started reading the incantation. Once I finished, the summoning circle started to glow and then a blinding flash of light left me temporarily blind and disoriented. I wish David would've warned me about that.

Once I was finally able to see again I was left completely stunned. Standing within the summoning circle was the hottest woman I've ever seen in my life. She had absolutely everything I wanted in a woman. Long black hair that looked as soft as silk, beautiful blue eyes that I could stare into forever, her facial features resembled that of Scarlett Johansson, but somehow even hotter. She's also a little taller than me at somewhere around five foot eight if I had to guess.

Either she's really horny or trying to get me worked up because she started putting on an erotic show as I was checking her out. She rubbed her large gravity defying breasts before squeezing them together. This gave me a view of some rather impressive cleavage. I'm no expert in bra sizes, but if I had to guess I'd say they must be at least D-cups. She gave her breasts a shake that caused ripples to travel through her pliant globes before rubbing her beautiful pink areoles. She then squeezed and tweaked her erect, gumdrop nipples. That caused a slight moan to escape her beautiful, moist lips.

Next she ran her hands across her well toned stomach and down her slim waist. Even with the muscle definition her delicate, slightly tanned skin still looked like it would be incredibly soft to the touch. She ran her hands down her long, completely smooth legs that seemed to go on forever, before turning around so that I could see the most perfect ass imaginable. Tight enough that you could bounce a quarter off of it, yet big enough that you can't help but look. She then slapped her hand on her succulent ass meat which left a pink handprint on her otherwise flawless skin. Lastly she bent over to give me a perfect view of her soaking wet pink pussy before plunging two fingers into her tight vaginal sheath causing her to let out a louder lust filled moan.

I was caught in a trance completely captivated by her beauty and erotic display, frozen stiff like a deer in the headlights. She let out a giggle when she turned back around that snapped me back to reality. At this point I noticed that for the first time in over twenty years I had an erection, and it was so hard that it hurt. I swear it felt like my whole dick would have exploded if I was in my trance for even a second longer.

Once I regained myself, I must've gone bright red with embarrassment. I immediately looked away and started staring at my feet. She then said to me in the most beautiful and seductive voice I have ever heard.

"Once you have your eyes back in their sockets and your jaw off the ground we can talk about why you summoned me here. Don't worry. Take your time devouring me with those lust filled eyes. There's nothing I enjoy more than the lust you humans produce," she said while twisting her nipples. A moan escaped her lips while she continued to speak.

"And your lust is almost overwhelming even for me."

When I tried to say something, after I swallowed all of the saliva that had accumulated in my mouth, the stuttering problem that I had managed to grow out of came back with a vengeance. Once I was done tripping over my own tongue I closed my eyes and started to focus on my breathing. I swear I was about to have a panic attack. Once I finally calmed down a little, her scent came wafting up my nose. It felt like I was being enveloped in her delightful scent. God she smelled so nice. Kind of like fresh clean air that you only find while surrounded by nature. It was so soothing that I instantly felt all of my tension melt away.

"There have you calmed down now? We can't have you dying of a heart attack before we even make a deal," she said in her continually sultry voice. 

After a few more minutes I finally opened my eyes and noticed that she was now clothed in a skin tight leather outfit that left nothing to the imagination. However after seeing her naked she might as well have been wearing a winter jacket and snow pants because of how overwhelming her nude body was. 

"I'm sorry about that it's just that you are really overwhelming," I finally manage to say, though still babbling like an idiot. 

"Yeah that usually happens the first time someone meets a succubus and the effect is much worse on virgins."

She said this while she was idly licking her juices off her fingers.

"So let me guess you planned to sell your soul in order to fuck me?"

After saying this she makes a show of slowly sucking a finger into her mouth. Upon removing the saliva coated finger her tongue goes to work licking up and down, playing with the tip. Acting like it was a miniature dick she was trying to get off.

"Don't worry you wouldn't be the first and I'll make sure it's something you will never forget," she says with a giggle while licking her lips. 

"Yes please, *cough* uh I mean no that's not my reason for summoning you."

My mind going blank from temptation almost caused me to forget my purpose in summoning her. Thankfully I didn't succeed in messing everything up. I decided to take a deep breath to help focus before continuing.
