 No one knows who it was that launched first, or why; but it is suspected that terrorists were the cause. It all started June 8, 2045; ICBMs were launched from multiple countries; targeting major population centers around the world. Most of the people, which knew of these launches, thought that these missiles were nukes, and responded in kind. Before the ICBMs had even landed, the USA, and Russia, had fired their retaliatory nuclear missiles. However the ICBMs were not nukes. They were chemical weapons. 

As most of the ICBMs came from third world and developing countries, that is where the nukes landed. Most of Africa, and large portions of Asia, were wiped off the map. And what was not utterly destroyed, was made uninhabitable from the clouds of radioactive dust, and irradiated water. 

The chemical bombs wiped out the inhabitants of every major city, in the western hemisphere. Between the two attacks all governments, militaries, and global communications were wiped out. Those that survived the attacks and happened to be in areas not affected by the fallout were moved almost to the Stone Age in one foul swoop. Without running water, power, or food production, anarchy reigned.

My story starts here. I was a contractor before this all happened, working on a farmhouse, of a family friend, just outside of London, Ontario. I was working on the eaves of the house as the missiles dropped. I watched the warhead come rocketing down out of the sky. High above the city it burst into many smaller warheads; which spread out over the town. Then airbursting, over the buildings, raining down blue clouds of death. 

Not knowing at the time what the cloud was, although I had a fairly good idea. I immediately tried calling my wife, but there was no answer. Scrambling off the scaffolding, I ran around the house towards my truck. Mrs. Sload, the aging owner of the house, was on the porch looking towards the city. I told her to get inside close, and lock the windows and doors, and that I would be back after I found my wife.

I slammed my truck into gear, and gunned it out the drive, and sped south towards London. There were quite a few cars pulled over with people on the phone, or looking at the city, and many more leaving as fast as possible. I headed strait for my place. London was chaos. People were running everywhere. As I drove by it looked like there was looting going on. I couldn't see any emergency services. 

After turning one corner I had to slam on my breaks; not even two blocks ahead was one of the blue clouds slowly drifting towards me. I backtracked trying to find another route, but every time I got anywhere close to my house, there was a menacing cloud blocking my way. I was beginning to fear the worst. I tried calling my wife as I drove, but she was still not answering. 

I was taking a wide detour in an attempt to skirt the cloud, and come in behind it. The cloud was about one kilometer south of me on my left, creeping ever closer. I could not believe how complete the anarchy was. Due to the people on the street I was forced to slow down, as I passed the local high school. I surveyed the school yard as I passed and could not believe my eyes. There was, who I assumed was a teacher, and another student beating, No Raping, a girl on the gravel baseball field. 

I tried to put it out of my mind and keep driving; I needed to find my wife, but something made me take another look. When I looked back, I could see the girl's forlorn face. It was my cousin Mel. She lived with my Aunt a few blocks away. She had been over to my house for diner a few days earlier. I recalled her talking about a perverted teacher always trying to look down her shirt.

I immediately slammed on the breaks, grabbed the sledge hammer from the back of my truck and rushed to save her. Mel was prone, on her back. The student was holding her down, and he had his back to me. The teacher was between her struggling legs, penetrating deeply, ignoring her screams begging them to stop.

I ran up to them, and with one powerful swing slammed the sledge into the teachers face. He fell backwards and was twitched a few times. Reversing the swing I pounded the student in the chest. He fell back, clutching his chest trying to draw a breath that would not come. 

Before either of them knew that anyone was trying to save Mel, they were on the ground bludgeoned to death. Mel was in bad shape; she was bloodied and bruised, her clothes were tattered, and she was still screaming not realizing it was over. 

I knelt down beside her, and gave her a hug. "Don't worry Mel, It's all over. I'll take care of you." She looked up at me, and then buried her face in my shoulder crying out her grief. After she had calmed down a bit I checked her over, to ensure that she was not seriously injured. 

Her clothing was ruined. She might as well be naked; for all that her clothes covered her. Her shirt was ripped open, in the front exposing her bruised, yet pert, firm breasts. Her uniform kilt was ripped, and pushed up onto her flat stomach. They had torn off her underwear, leaving it as a rag on the ground. She had some scrapes and bruises on her long muscular legs. I rolled her onto her side. Her back was covered in abrasions from her struggles on the gravel, and her tight round ass fared little better. 

When I rolled her over Mel curled into the fetal position, and I could see her violated pussy, bare of all hair. Despite the situation, my cock twitched. Even if my upper head did not register this nubile young body, my lower one did. 

Seeing that Mel was not seriously injured, I took off my over shirt, wrapped it over her shoulders. I looked around. The cloud was closing fast. It was now only about 100 meters away. I picked Mel up and hurried back to my truck.

I drove off down a side street, to put some room between us and the cloud. The streets were now deserted. Once a reasonably safe distance away I started heading for my house again.

Mel was staring blankly out the window; squirming every once in a while trying to find a comfortable position on her scraped and bruised butt. As we were coming around behind the cloud there was a blue power covering everything. Then we saw the first of many bodies. 

Mel must have seen the bodies as she started to cry. I reached over, and pulled her close. She put her head on my shoulder and sobbed. In addition to the dead bodies, there were cars wrecked everywhere; people trying to get away, when the cloud overtook them. 

I feared the worst, when I finally turned onto my street, the blue powder was still everywhere. I pulled into my drive, and turned off the truck. Mel looked up and started to tremble when she saw where we were. I almost didn't want to go in. I told Mel, "Stay here, I'm going to go in and see if..." my voice cracked, "Honk the horn, if you see the cloud or if anyone comes close. Honk the horn three times in ten minutes if I'm not back."

With that I reached into the back seat and grabbed my respirator, and some gloves. Walked slowly up to front door, the lights were on. I opened the door, calling out as much as my respirator, would allow. There was no answer, and the blue dust still coated everything. It was stuck to both the walls and ceiling. I started searching the house, from the basement up. 

As I was coming back up from the basement, the power went out. At the top of the basement stairs there was a closet where we kept our emergency kit. When I opened the closet door, I noticed one thing immediately; there was no blue powder in the closet. I grabbed the pack, pulled out a flash light, and kept looking.

The first floor, was also empty of anyone. I did however find our cat, dead on the living room floor. As soon as I was on the second floor, I went strait to my room. Lying on our bed was my wife; covered with the dust. I figure that she was having a nap and died in her sleep. 

I just stood there looking at her. I didn't know what else to do. After another moment, I heard Mel honking the horn. I said my goodbyes to my wife, and pulled the sheet over her head.

I went over to the closet and pushed the sliding door open. Only the clothes near the opening between the sliding doors had any dust on them; I threw them onto the floor unceremoniously. I opened the emergency kit pack, and tossed in a set of clothing for myself. My wife and Mel were close to the same size, so I grabbed her a set as well. 

Mel started honking the horn in earnest, so I quickly ran down the stairs and out the door. Nothing seemed amiss, Mel was getting scared when I did not come out right away. I signaled that I would be another minute, and went back to the kitchen. I emptied the pantry of all the canned goods then went back out to the truck. 

As I got in I handed Mel the bag. "There are some of Tina's old clothes in there for you. She wont need them any more." I said as I started the truck, and pulled away. Mel inhaled sharply, clutching her hand to her mouth. I drove away heading back to Ms. Sload's house.

While I was trying to find a path out of the city that was not blocked by one of the clouds, crashes, or bodies, Mel climbed into the back seat, and changed out of her rags for some clothing. Just before she put on a sweater, with her arms above her head, she looked into the rearview mirror. I couldn't help but catch a glimpse of her breasts. I looked into her eyes. She hesitated another moment, before she pulled the sweater down over her wonderful globes. Mel stayed in the back, lying on the seat, so that she wouldn't have to see the aftermath.

After weaving through many side streets, late in the afternoon, we finally made it past the city limits. However the death did not stop there. The clouds had drifted into the surrounding area, and there were even more bodies, and wrecked cars outside of town. 

While we were leaving the city, the wind had shifted. I could see the cloud moving to the east.

Weaving through the carnage we finally made it to Ms. Sload's house. However the cloud had come this far before the wind had shifted. I could see her on the porch sitting in her chair as we pulled into the drive. I parked at the side of the house. Once again I told Mel to stay in the truck, that I would only be a few minutes, and then I would be back for her. 

Once again I grabbed my respirator, and went to investigate a house. Ms. Sload was sitting in her chair on the porch with a contented look on her face. It almost looked like she was asleep, but I knew otherwise. Her husband had passed away a few months earlier, from a heart attack. I guess she is with him now. 

Night was coming on quickly. I did not want to get caught outside in the dark, incase one of the clouds drifted back. I went inside. Too my left was the living room. I grabbed a blanket off of the back of the couch. I wrapped Ms. Sload's body in it and took it up to her room. I laid her down on her bed and once again said my goodbyes. I closed and locked her door. 

I went and looked over every room in the house. It seamed that she had closed all of the windows, because there was none of the dust in the house. I took off my respirator, and went back down to the truck. I was careful not to stir up any of the blue dust.

By the time I had finished with Ms. Sload's body night had fallen. Mel was waiting expectantly, for my return. I opened up her door, and helped her out of the truck. "We'll stay here tonight, we've both had a very bad day. We'll see how things are in the morning."

Mel just responded with a simple, "Okay."

I led her into the house, and locked the door. I tried to turn the lights on, but the power was out here as well. I stumbled my way to the kitchen, where I knew there was a flashlight. After a few minutes of fumbling I managed to find it. Ms. Sload's house was a large one, with many rooms on two floors; in addition to the basement. 

I led Mel upstairs into the study. I chose the study, because it was the only room with one window, with the exception of the bathroom. The study had a slightly musty smell, from all of the old tomes lining the shelves on the walls broken only by the window, and door. The room was long and narrow with the door on a long wall, near the end. The furnishings included: a large oak desk and chair in front of the window. The window was on the wall across from the door. It allowed good lighting for the user of the desk. There were two chairs in front of the desk. In the other end of the room there was a sofa bed couch, and two large cushioned armchairs. Separating the armchairs, was a small table, and between the chairs and couch was a coffee table.

As part of the room's décor there were some oil lamps. After a quick inspection, I found out that there was in fact oil in the lamps, which surprised me. I quickly had one of the lamps burning. And shortly after that we found that the oil had gone rancid. Even with the wick turned down there was acidic black smoke, and an offal smell. However that was all we had for lighting, so that is what we used.

Once we had some light, Mel and I pulled out the sofa bed. There was no bedding. Just then Mel's stomach growled, quite loudly. I smiled. "Uh, Jon is do we have something to eat?" Mel asked blushing. 

"I'm sure I can dig up something. Why don't we go down stairs and see what we can find," I replied. "I also want to see if I can find something to seal off the window."

I gave the flashlight to Mel; I grabbed the lamp and we went down stairs. We went to the kitchen. I went strait to the fridge, Mel started looking through the cupboards. The fridge was still cool, so the power had not been out long. I looked up just then to see if Mel had found anything yet; she was about to bite into an apple from a dish on the counter. 

"Mel! Don't eat that!" I quickly said, and a good thing that I had. "We can't eat anything that is out in the open. I don't know if any of the poison got on it. And I'd rather not take the chance."

Mel dropped the apple. "Everything we get out of the cupboards needs to be sealed. New packages if we can." I said. 

We found that Ms. Sload had kept a well stocked pantry; and we cleared out everything. I also grabbed a roll of duck tape, and a few garbage bags to be able to seal up the room completely. Once we dropped off all the food in the study, we took turns using the bathroom. While Mel was in the bathroom I gathered us some bedding from the linen closet, then started to seal off the window.

I duck taped the garbage bag over the window in such a manner that no powder could enter through it. And after we were done outside the room, I duck taped the door shut as well. We then made the bed. 

After a supper of crackers with peanut butter, and V8 juice, Mel climbed into bed. I striped down to my boxers then climbed in. I reached over to the lamp and snuffed it out. Despite everything that had happened that day sleep eluded me. I lay there staring at the ceiling, listening to Mel's deep even breathing. After a few hours I dozed off. 

During the night it cooled off significantly, and Mel and I cuddled up. When I woke up, Mel and I were spooning, with my hard on pushed tightly between her butt cheeks. She was holding my hand right between her breasts. I didn't know what to do. I certainly didn't want her to wake with my cock in her ass and hand on her boob. However if I were to move Mel would wake up. 

I had a conundrum without an answer on my hands. So I stayed put, trying to will my cock, back to a flaccid state. Now no one stays completely still while they sleep, Mel not to be excluded. My cock, felt every miniscule movement. And despite my trying to stay still, the small movements were starting to drive me crazy. I unconsciously started to ever so slowly pump my hips, sending waves of pleasure through my body. 

Despite knowing how wrong this was, I could not stop. I kept pumping, pushing my cock deeper between Mel's legs; to the point that my hard cock, was rubbing her pussy. After a few minutes I was getting close. Mel started to moan, and I thought I would blow my load right then and there. But I was able to hold back for a few more strokes. 

Mel's breathing was getting faster and faster, as was my pumping. Until I could hold back no more and had an explosive cum. I filled my boxers, and it started to leak through. When I stopped pumping, Mel let out a whimper of loss. I was extremely tempted to keep going but I was already soft.

Just then Mel rolled onto her stomach, and I used that opportunity to remove myself from the bed. As soon as I was out Mel let out another whimper, and rolled into the warmth that I had left behind.

I was afraid that by getting out of bed I had woke her up, but she settled back into sleep. I quickly changed my boxers, cleaning my cock in the process. I finished getting dressed. I went to the window. Through the plastic I could see that the sun was now up, but not much else. I carefully peeled off the tape and peeked past the garbage bag. It was a bright beautiful day, not a cloud in the sky, or in the ground. I let out a sigh of relief that I didn't know I was holding. 

Mel Started to roll in her sleep. I figured that she was would be up shortly. I looked over the food we had, and selecting a few things, made our breakfast. It was waiting for when Mel woke up a few minutes later. Mel never made mention of what I had done; of which I was greatful. 

While we were eating, "I think we should get away from London." I said. "Whoever attacked is probably on their way. And they're not going to be inviting us for tea and crumpets. We'll search the house for anything useful, then head north."

"Jon, What's going to happen to us?," Mel asked, "I mean, like why would anyone attack us?"

"I don't know who attacked us, or why. But I do know we are going to be fine," I replied, "And I don't want you worrying about it." Mel Just nodded. 

When we finished our breakfast we cleaned and packed up. I gave Mel the respirator to use, I just wrapped a cloth around my face, and then we started our search. We quickly found that the water had stopped working some time during the night. I was mentally kicking myself for not stockpiling some when we gathered the food.

In the house proper we did not find much; only a few blankets, personal hygiene items, and a first aid kit.. However in the basement we found a treasure trove. The Sload's had been very much outdoorsmen in their younger years, and we had found all of their old camping supplies.

We started moving everything up to the truck. I figured that before loading the truck, we would check everything over to make sure it was worth taking. I took the first load up, and as soon as I stepped outside I sensed that something was wrong. I couldn't put my finger on what it was but it definitely made me uncomfortable. Mel could sense it as well. We both spent as little time outside as possible. After a few trips it donned on me what was causing our unease. The only noise was the slight breeze. There were no sounds of life. No birds, squirrels, bugs, nothing. The cloud must have killed them all. 

As we were nearing the end of the pile, I noticed a large locked cabinet in the back of the room. When we finished inspecting and loading I came back down to inspect this cabinet. It was a large steel cabinet with a large padlock on it. I went back up to my truck, and grabbed my bolt cutters. I cut the lock off, and opened the door. Inside was a selection of guns. I had just learned that Mr. Sload had been a either a hunter, or a gun collector. 

I grabbed the three rifles, shotgun, and pistol, along with all the ammunition. We finished loading everything up, and left heading north.