 Gary worked in England as a University lecturer specialising in Biology. He was in the early stages of a lecture when the orgasms hit. Here he describes the chaos as he and his students succumbed to their urges.

*****

I can remember the events clearly, although I have no memory of what the lecture was supposed to be about, I can remember it was dull. Afternoon sessions started at 2pm, so we were about 25 minutes in when everything hit. I had a good class, they were a smart, sociable bunch; but on that day everyone was bored. It was just one of those lectures.

I remember being quite surprised when the class became restless. I hadn't noticed at the time, but when I think back it was the women. They were fidgeting, trying to make themselves comfortable; a few of them were coughing and clearing their throats. I asked if there was something wrong but nobody replied. I asked if they wanted the air conditioning changed but still no reply. Then I noticed one of my brightest students Jenna. I had never had any trouble from her, but she wasn't paying any attention to me. Her pen and paper were on the floor, she was moving her legs like she was in pain, and she was trying to straighten her brown summer dress. I looked closer and her face had gone a little pink, then her head slowly fell forward, her right hand moved to her crotch and I could hear her breath catching in her throat. She sat staring at the floor, her long black hair covering her face; I was about to ask if she was okay, when her body shook violently and she gasped out loud.

A murmur spread through the room, I was confused, I was still trying to figure out what was wrong. That's when my erection hit, and my heart started racing. Looking down my arousal was there for all to see, so I quickly ducked behind the front stand to hide the growing bulge between my legs. My focus quickly shifted away from the class; a desperate need to touch myself was all I could think about. I couldn't understand why I was hard, sure some of the women were attractive, but the days when I would grow spontaneous erections were long gone, and yet here I was, seconds away from cumming. I didn't have long to think about it however, as moments later cries filled the room, and I ejaculated.

As was commonly reported at the time, it wasn't your average orgasm. The growing throbs felt incredible, and I was soiling my underwear with wave after wave of hot spunk. As I was behind the stand I took a chance and pulled my penis through my fly, firing the rest of my load against the microphone stand. 

Glancing up at the class, I saw my pupils in various stages of undress, all touching themselves and writhing in pleasure. Several streams of semen flew through the air, seemingly a few of the guys had managed to free themselves as well. Jenna remained doubled over at the front, both hands in her lap, her body shaking. Ivy, another of my students, had mounted a guy called George. He had been sitting near her, I later found out that was the only reason she chose him. I was fairly certain George had been a virgin, and they had barely spoken a word before today. Now she rode him reverse cowgirl, his erection buried deep in her pussy. As Ivy rose up I could see the base of his cock was throbbing; it was clear he was cumming inside her. Seeing this finished me off, a final burst audibly splattered against the front stand; exhausted, I fell to the floor. 

As I hit the ground I caught Jenna's attention. I was still rock hard with semen oozing from the tip when she let out a gut wrenching cry and fell back in her seat. This gave me a perfect view up her dress. I couldn't help myself, her legs were wide open, her knickers were soaked.

A small, fortunate number of men were able to maintain their erections after the first orgasm. The view up Jenna's dress ensured that I was amongst this group, and slowly I began to rub myself. As I stared at her, she met my gaze for a moment, then her big eyes focusing on my erection. Like a woman possessed she stumbled from her seat and crawled towards me. The top part of her dress fell down displaying her modest cleavage, right then I knew I didn't stand a chance. Without a moments hesitation, Jenna pulled down her knickers, removed my hand from my cock, and in one swift swing of the hips she had me inside her. 

I remember she felt really tight, but her wetness made up for it. I hoped she wasn't a virgin, but at the same time I was desperate to see her tits. Eventually her bra fell way, and I wasn't disappointed. I let out an involuntary moan as I clumsily fumbled with her gorgeously youthful breasts. I was worried this would have creeped her out, but as I looked up, her eyes were glazed over, her face no longer flushed, but bright red. 

Now we had a small crowd, even then I worried for my career, this wasn't the sort of lesson the university paid me to teach. It was sort of assumed that 18 to 21 year olds knew how to fuck! Yet still they watched as I ran my hands up Jenna's thighs and grabbed her perfect ass. I had to take my hands away or I would have finished there and then; not that I had long to wait. 

I could feel Jenna's body tensing up, each thrust bringing her closer to the edge. When her thrusts stopped I unconsciously continued the rhythm, and I was completely inside her when she came. With tears streaming down her face, Jenna's pussy relentlessly worked its magic on my cock. Only moments before I had been holding on, now I was racing through the point of no return. Any attempts to hold back were futile; I couldn't take any more. I told her I was cumming, but neither of us could stop. With one last thrust I buried myself in her sex, then I lost control and came inside her. 

I cannot describe how good that felt, once again the pleasure was immeasurable; I just lay there filling the poor girl with my seed. Jenna was panting in my ear, allowing my climax to run its course. When she did eventually climb off, semen gushed from her pussy and onto the floor. I'm certain that was the first time she had seen a guy cum; she seemed fascinated by the strange, sticky substance that dribbled from our bodies. The class simply watched on in stunned silence. I lay back, trying to work out what to do next.

A few girls were still masturbating, the rest of the class were staring at me. I stood and surveyed the scene whilst trying to re-apply my soiled clothing. The class continued to look to me for answers, I had no idea. Promptly the text messages came flooding in, and we learnt more.

The whole campus was dismissed after that. The following day no lectures or seminars were held as emergency meetings took place to try and deal with the fallout, turns out I wasn't the only one to have fucked a student, and it wasn't just the male staff. It was decided that if no complaint was lodged, we could keep our jobs.

Seeing out the rest of the term was awkward, I'm told it's not normal for an entire class to see their teacher's cum-face! Jenna skipped a few lectures, when she did return it was clear she had changed. The quiet good girl had gone. She still wore cute summer dresses, but everyone knew about the body underneath, and what it was capable of, specifically what it did to me! After that first lesson Jenna told me she had taken the morning after pill and there were no problems, then with a wry smile, she slipped me her phone number, and a condom.