 It is the middle of the last Ice Age, about 50,000 years ago. The Neanderthals roam the Earth, but co-exist with a recently arrived tribe of technologically advanced aliens known as the Amazon. The Amazon hunt Neanderthal men for their wild semen. Aablar has captured an Amazon dominess and her acolyte. The ruthless Elizabetha Warren has tracked him down. However, after an interrupted combat, he has disappeared with the dominess. Meanwhile the incident has led to political turmoil in the Amazon establishment.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

1. In spite of her outward show of ice-cold calm, Fiona was extremely nervous about the impregnation ceremony. A team of scholaresses wearing caps emblazoned with the blue cross of the Repro Institute undressed her and shaved her fine blonde pubic hair. Then they laid her on a preparation table and anointed her pelvic region with antiseptic oil made from aromatic herbs and massaged it into the folds of her cunt, murmuring admiringly amongst themselves at her gorgeous, yet powerful body.

Charlotte arrived with her handmaiden. She had removed her tiara and ceremonial sword and was all business. She carried out the short preliminary religious ceremony, invoking the name of Hera and asking that Fiona's unborn daughter be blessed with the might of Artemis and the bodily form of Aphrodite. Then Fiona was moved to a gurney and quickly wheeled into an impregnation theatre. Charlotte took the director's high chair. She asked for the impregnation prep report and was handed a thin plexi-glass sheet with a double pane of complex holographic coding. Charlotte was one of the foremost Amazon experts in molecular biology and she read the report like a book.

The sheet contained holographic images of the complete genetic codes of both the mother -- Fiona -- as well as the sperm. Fiona had chosen very well. The sperm's genetic coding exhibited a very high probability score in the all-important female gender axis -- the pregnancy would almost certainly yield a daughter. The sperm also showed extremely high probability scores in intelligence quotient, as well as in the physical prowess and coordination. More important, the genetic make-up of the sperm as well as its savage inter-cutting matched Fiona's own genes very well, both in terms of outcome probabilities as well as physical fit. Fiona is so gifted, thought Charlotte with a trace of bitterness. Even her genetic coding is perfect, so suited to match high potency sperm. She even matches the savage inter-cutting! If we could breed her, we could create a race of superwomen! No wonder Katnissa is such a perfect specimen in mind and body.

On the impregnation table, Repro scholaresses strapped Fiona's ankles into stirrups. Naked, she stared fixedly at the ceiling, brightened by recessed lighting. More than two decades had passed since her impregnation with Katnissa, but even this length of time had not lessened her fear and loathing of penetration and impregnation. It took all her self-control to retain a composure of steely calm. Charlotte sensed her disquiet. Impulsively, she rose from her high chair and came down to the table. She leaned over and rubbed nipples. Fiona's nipples were already puckered from their naked exposure and the rubbing caused them to harden and stand out as bright red buds. Simultaneously she kissed Fiona on the lips and then whispered, 'Don't worry, dearest Fiona. It will be over very soon. We will be so gentle, you will barely feel it.'

Fiona began to relax, the tautness in her muscles slowly receding. The scholaress controlling the impregnator activated it. It was a large wheeled machine with a steel-titanium mechanical probe extending from a rubber housing. The control panel of the machine was extremely complex, with myriad dials and gauges, as well as several flat display panels. The arm ended in a thin pencil-like device that was just over a foot long. Now, with a low whine, the scholaress propelled the arm forward. Her controls were extremely precise and she could govern its movement to within microns.

As the head of the impregnator neared Fiona's crotch, Charlotte signaled for the masking screen to be lowered. With a hiss, it descended from the ceiling, obscuring Fiona's lower regions from her view. Another of the scholaresses moved between her legs to stimulate her clitoris to induce lubrication prior to the insertion of the impregnator probe. This was standard practice. However, Charlotte waved her away and herself began to kiss and lick Fiona, starting from the swell of her belly and slowly descending in gentle spirals. Finally, she reached her pubic area and felt Fiona's breath quicken and her muscles tense again. Showing great adeptness, she slowed her ministrations, till she felt her charge relax again. By the time Charlotte softly kissed her clitoris, Fiona merely sighed. However, through all of this, her cunt had grown pleasantly wet and Charlotte licked off some of her sweet-smelling vaginal fluid.

Now she signaled to the scholaress on the impregnator. The thin, shiny probe had been warmed to a very pleasant temperature and was now propelled forward. Fiona was wet enough and pliant enough that she barely felt its entry. The operator had been carefully selected and she was the best at her craft. The minuscule camera on the probe head showed her multiple images of the probe's location in Fiona's cunt. She drove the probe into Fiona's vagina quickly while her charge was relaxed. She moved it to within a hair's breadth of her cervix and then stopped. She knew that this was always slightly alarming, even to sisters who were relatively unfazed by penetration.

Charlotte knew the procedure intimately, so she now moved to Fiona's head and took her arm in hers and kissed her on the lips again. Fiona could feel the warm probe in her cunt and sensed that the ultimate penetration was about to begin. But her own steel will, aided by Charlotte's loving embrace held her fears in check and she remained relaxed and calm. 

The operator waited for Charlotte's signal. She was amazed at her instruments' readings -- though she had done thousands of impregnations, she had never seen a cunt that gripped her probe with such power. Princess Fiona's vaginal muscles were enormously powerful! Truly, she is a Amazon princess by birth, she thought, to be so gifted in everything prized by the sisterhood. With this in mind, she expected her cervix to be equally tight and tough to penetrate. What a story she would have to tell her friends!

Charlotte gave the signal and the scholaress activated a very gentle and insistent forward pressure. The instruments indicated a huge increase in pressure on the probe head as it began to penetrate the entrance to Fiona' womb. 'Gently, gently, breathe, Fiona, breathe, ... there, ... there. ...,' Charlotte's voice was soothing and supportive.

The probe penetrated her cervix and now emerged into her womb. The operator magnified the camera image and quickly and professionally searched for the most promising eggs. Her judgment was excellent and she found the perfect match within minutes. She moved the probe into position and the instruments gave her the location settings. The margin for error was less than a micron, for the Amazon procedure used less than ten individual sperm cells. She jockeyed the probe, frowning in her concentration, adjusting and re-setting till she was satisfied. Finally, all the position lights and arrows glowed green.

'Set, Princess Charlotte,' she called.

'Fire when ready,' Charlotte intoned.

The scholaress's finger caressed the impregnator trigger and then she squeezed it. There was no noticeable sound, but the intravenous sonar in the probe head tracked in the single sperm cell that was ejaculated. It traveled slowly in the very short planned trajectory. The sonar showed it docking with the egg. They all waited anxiously. Five more minutes ticked away. The micro-bio-scanners were drawing in mounds of data and presented a complex pictorial array on one of the display screens of the impregnator. The scholaress eyed the screen as the picture wavered and steadied, then wavered again. Finally, the bio-scanner image glowed and green signals appeared on the output displays.

'The egg has been fertilized,' the impregnator operator said gravely. 'Error probabilities approach zero. I am retracting.'

Charlotte was stunned. To be fertilized with the very first sperm! Five to six shots were considered the normal count. She knew that she herself was highly fertile, but it had taken three shots for her to become pregnant with Althea. Was there anything about Fiona that was not perfect? 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

2. Even before Aablar hit the water, Elizabetha was running round the pool. Melania unslung her power-chute and followed. She came up beside her colonel at the pool's edge where Aablar had disappeared with the Lady Katnissa. Elizabetha was breathing heavily and she could not avoid grimacing with the pain in her side. Melania reached forward and steadied her, earning a smile of gratitude from her normally imperious commander.

'We have no diving equipment and do not know the depths of this pool,' said Elizabetha. 'And while I am loathe to admit it, I am injured and not up to free diving at the moment.'

'Colonel, I will go,' said Melania without hesitation.

Elizabetha was torn between wanting to do everything to pursue Aablar and risking Melania's life in a fruitless effort.

'A 50 second free dive, Seignora, no longer,' she said finally. 'Set your alarm.'

Melania set her blaster down and tapped her wrist bracer, keying up the chronometer display. Setting the alarm as directed, she pulled off her thigh boots and unfastened her helmet, shaking out a mass of shiny raven hair. Then she cleaved the pool surface in a smooth dive, barely raising a splash. Elizabetha gazed into the pool worriedly -- the savage had the upper hand now, since he obviously knew this cavern and its secrets. The second ticked away slowly. As the 50-second window approached, Elizabetha could make out a dark shape deep in the pool, rising slowly. More seconds ticked by and the shape seemed to get no larger. At one minute, Elizabetha glanced over at the throne. Both Lena and Althea were still naked, but alert.

'Watch the blonde, Lady Althea,' said Elizabetha. 'I will be back momentarily.'

So saying, she pulled off her thigh boots and helmet and dived smoothly into the pool, leaving barely a ripple on the surface. She kicked hard and within seconds had reached Melania, who appeared to have run out of breath and was kicking weakly. Elizabetha took her head in a firm grip and locked her lips on Melania's forcing her mouth open with her tongue. She blew a mouthful of air into Melania's mouth and then with her hands under the Seignora's armpits, she kicked powerfully for the surface. Another kick and her lips sought Melania's again, blowing in more air. Clasped in close embrace, their breasts rubbed together. Elizabetha's short fuse burned bright and her nipples hardened.

It took Elizabetha just three kicks and they broke surface together. Elizabetha made a mental note to invite the Melania to her chambers back on the 'Andromeda'. She towed her to the poolside, but the dominess was already recovering rapidly. As they pulled themselves out of the water Melania was shamefaced and began, 'I humbly apologize, Colonel for causing a problem. I thought I could try for a little greater depth ...'

As they donned their boots and helmets, Elizabetha waved her apologies aside.

'That is of no consequence now. What have you to report?' 

'I am sorry, colonel,' she said, as water cascaded off her uniform. 'I was able to descend only about fifty feet. The pool is obviously very deep -- I could not make out a bottom. The sides up to the depth of fifty or sixty feet are very smooth, offering no concealment.'

'I am afraid we cannot do more without specialized diving equipment,' said Elizabetha finally. 'Now go to the entrance of this cavern and try to raise the 'Andromeda'. Direct the others of our party to our location.'

'Aye, aye, Colonel,' said Melania.

As Melania proceeded to the entrance of the cavern, her field fabric uniform was already dry and her temperature shield quickly dried her wet skin. Elizabetha approached the throne, noting that both Althea and Lena had donned their deerskin panties and halters. She expected the blazing hostility in Leia's eyes, but she was surprised to see the lack of welcome in the Lady Althea. The girl is exhausted and has been through Hades, thought Elizabetha. She's probably still in shock. Relief will come later.

'It is all over, Lady Althea,' she said kindly, extending an arm. 'You are safe now.'

Althea did not answer, but nodded dumbly. The girl has been severely psychologically scarred, thought Elizabetha. Gentleness did not come naturally to her, but she made an effort and drew Althea into her arms and patted her head and stroked her bruised neck. The girl remained stiff as a board in her arms and at length Elizabetha gave up.

'I have a patrol on the way,' said Elizabetha. 'We will wait for them by the cavern entrance.'

Almost as she spoke, there was a clatter of boots and Sophia led Melania and the other two Dominesss into the cavern. All of them broke into smiles of relief as they hurried over to Elizabetha and saluted.

'It is with great joy that I see you alive, Colonel,' said Sophia formally. 'I was afraid that our ineptitude had cost you your life.'

'No, no, you could not have done better, Sophie,' said Elizabetha, warmth in her voice. 'It was my foolishness in the face of the charging ice bear.'

She quickly related the events leading to the disappearance of Aablar and Katnissa. 'Time is of the essence. We must get back on the 'Andromeda' as soon as possible and get some specialized diving equipment down here. The savage obviously knows this pool and I feel certain that he did not dive in to drown himself and Lady Katnissa.'

'Seignora Melania, double Dominess Dar-Ella on your power-chute. She will lead you back to our original landing site. Collect all the four power-chutes and fly back here on the double.' As soon as the two Dominesss left, Elizabetha turned to Sophia. 'As soon as they are back, we will make the laser signal to 'Andromeda' indicating our readiness for pick-up, so that they will have the recovery team on the launch deck with grappling hooks.'

She paused. 'Sophie, now let us put our time to good use! Please counsel with Lady Althea. I will have some words with the savage girl.'

Sophia took Althea aside.

"I am Quinta Lady Sophia Stirling,' she said, introducing herself. 'Your mother, the Princess Charlotte officiated at my birth and Lady Katnissa is a dear friend. I am delighted that Colonel Elizabetha has found you safe.'

She took Althea's lack of response for grief at Katnissa's continued captivity.

'Do not worry. We will hunt the savage down and free Lady Katnissa. It will not be long.'

Tears welled up in Althea's eyes. Sophia took her in her arms and patted her, whispering, 'Ssssh, don't worry, Althea. You are safe now. Soon Katnissa will be too. Ssssh .... sssssh ....'. But Althea continued to weep silently.

In the meantime, Elizabetha walked over to Leia, followed by Erin. Her boots echoed loudly in the huge cavern. Sophia had brought back her belt, so she now had her laser pistol on one hip and sword on the other. Leia cowered on the floor as Elizabetha towered over her. Expecting no mercy from Elizabetha, her eyes darted appealingly to Erin. She noted the lock of brown hair escaping from the brow of Erin's helmet, and searched for a hint of compassion, but found none. Crouching, so that her height was hidden and wearing hideous animal skins, there was little to distinguish her from a filthy savage except for her blonde head and blue eyes. Even her skin was burned brown from unprotected exposure to the sun.

Elizabetha leaned down, grabbed Leia by her hair and yanked her to her feet, unmindful of the scream of pain.

'What is your name, savage?' she asked roughly.

'You are evil,' the girl hissed and spat at her.

Still holding her handful of hair, Elizabetha slapped her hard with an open palm. It sounded like a pistol shot and whipped Leia's head around. Bright stars danced in front of Leia's eyes. But even as the red imprint of Elizabetha's hand began to appear on her cheek, she still glared at her tormentor balefully.

'I have been beaten many times. You cannot frighten me.'

'We will see,' said Elizabetha evenly. 'Erin, hold her!'

With this Elizabetha pushed her back towards Erin, who tightly pinioned her body. Leia instinctively struggled against the powerful dominess. After a few moments, the futility of her efforts was painfully obvious and she ceased. She looks like a wild animal, thought Elizabetha with revulsion. To think she was born an Amazon! Civilization is such a thin veneer!

'You are allied to the savage, Aablar?' she asked curtly.

'I am Leia, his woman,' she said proudly. 'He is a mighty hunter and does not need to hide behind magic weapons like you Amazon.'

'You were born Amazon,' said Elizabetha without emotion. 'You are a traitor to us. I am empowered to sentence you to death. But first you will tell us all you know about the savage, Aablar.'

A red curtain of rage descended over Leia's vision and lacking any other means of assaulting Elizabetha, she spat. Her salvo struck Elizabetha's just above the breasts on the bare skin exposed by one of the rips in her uniform. The warm saliva oozed down into her tight cleavage. Elizabetha did not bother to wipe it away. Coupled with the blazing rage in Leia's eyes, she found the feeling mildly erotic.

When Elizabetha spoke, her voice was level and without a hint of emotion.

'Tell me where the savage Aablar is headed,' she said.

Leia stared at her defiantly and was silent. Elizabetha's eyes darted over Leia's shoulder and briefly met Erin's and unspoken understanding passed between them. The tall Dominess braced herself and her charge. Elizabetha's extended her right hand in front of her forming a fist barely a foot from Leia's face. Leia stared at the fist mesmerized, like a rabbit frozen in the gaze of a snake. Elizabetha's movement was too quick for the eye to see. Her fist struck Leia just between her upper lip and nostrils, striking the nerve center of her face with paralyzing force. The extent of the pain was beyond anything Leia had ever experienced. Her body went rigid in Erin's grip, as though she had been shot through with a high voltage shock. Her mouth opened in a perfect 'O', but no sound emerged, just an explosive expulsion of air. A second later her vocal chords recovered and a thin scream of pain echoed in the cavern. As the waves of intense pain coursed through her, her body went from rigid to a series of spasmodic jerks that tested even Erin's great strength. Involuntarily she was gasping in gulps of air and panting, causing her firm breasts to jounce. Beads of sweat sprang out of her brow. Elizabetha opened her fist and shook it to loosen the fingers. Then she formed a fist again and poised herself to strike.

Leia's eyes were wide open and there was naked fear in them now. She was drooling involuntarily and her eyes were watering so much that Elizabetha's form appeared hazy to her. She tried to speak, but found that she could barely control her tongue and bring forth a guttural whisper.

'Please ......' The sound barely carried to Elizabetha, who paused. Leia desperately tried to make her vocal chords obey her, but her whole body felt paralyzed. What had the dominess done to her? Incoherent sounds began tumbling from her mouth as she began to panic. Finally she was able to form a few hoarse words. 'Please don't hit me again.'
