 Malika watched over Pugward's head and saw that this time his cock was losing none of its firmness. The girl with her lips around his girth must have had something of a natural talent.

"You know a guy could get used to this." Pugward leaned his head back to look up at Malika and he smiled showing his sharp yellow teeth.

"Oh really? Well I was going to offer you something more but if you're happy as you are..." Malika trailed off, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

"Uh? No! More is great!" Pugward's large ears pricked up and the girl who was sucking him lifted her head. Her lips released his cock with a light popping noise before she gave the tip a parting kiss and looked up at them to see what Malika had in mind.

"Well as I understand it my part in the contract was to pleasure you. I would be an awful sorceress if I let others do it now wouldn't I? So I thought..." She gently pulled him backwards through the water, the girls holding him up released him and let him float with his mistress. "...it might be nice..." They floated back to the shallow end of the pool and Malika stood up to sit on the edge, her legs parting to reveal her pussy lips already a light shade of pink and swollen with arousal. "...to fulfil my end of our bargain."

Pugward was left stood in the pool with his face inches away from her pussy, his small black eyes wide with surprise. In truth he liked Malika enough that he wasn't really planning on making her fuck him. Hell with all the tail around this place and Eluria bound to do whatever he wanted he didn't really need it anyway. That didn't mean he didn't want it of course. Malika's pale beauty outshone every other girl he'd seen there and they were some of the most gorgeous chicks he'd ever known. So to have her willingly give herself to him with a rather wanton look in her eyes was almost too much to believe.

It didn't take him long to decide what to do. His hands lifted him up out of the water to land between Malika's legs which were bent at the knee with her calves dangling in the water. When he jumped up she let her silken lips press against his cheek. The slimy thin layer of grime that had once covered him had been successfully washed away. His skin still felt slightly scaly to her but it wasn't unpleasant.

"Boss, I ever tell you I love ya?" Pugward said nonchalantly.

"Mmmm, show me." With that she laid back on the marble floor and lifted her legs out of the water to rise into the air in a perfect 'V'.

Pugward hastily grabbed his cock and felt it already throbbing with vigour as he bent his stubby little legs and slid the head between her puffy cunt lips. His upper body rose up between her legs to look over at her as she looked down at him from between those mountainous tits. Her mouth opened and her eyes widened as she felt him slide smoothly inside her.

Around them the apprentices were watching the sorceress and her demon fuck for the first time. The sight was like nothing they had ever seen. Of course they had heard the screams of the other sorceresses coming from their rooms as they fucked their oversized behemoths in exchange for their power. Those screams weren't ones of pleasure.

So when Pugward slid inside Malika for the first time and the woman moaned with desire they were mesmerised.

"Damn boss you're tight!" The imp growled between clenched teeth as he pushed deeper into her. Finally he stopped suddenly as he felt something preventing him from pushing further. His eyes popped open in shock. "You're a freakin' virgin!?"

"Ooooh. We...we all are Pugward." Malika managed to squeak.

"An' it's not even my birthday!" Pugward remarked with joy as he slid out a little before sliding back with a little more pressure to pop her cherry.

The woman squealed and her legs wrapped around him tightly, her large tits jiggled as she felt her first cock. The imps clawed fingers grasped her hips firmly as he finally sank all the way to the balls inside her juicy cunt. There he stopped to let her get used to the feeling of him inside her. Then he began to fuck Malika eagerly making her entire body slip against the smooth marble floor. Her hands grasped her tits to squeeze and pinch at her large pink nipples.

She intended to repay Pugward for all he'd done for her but she had not expected this. His cock seemed made for her pussy and as he rocked himself back and forth he sent thunderbolts of pleasure to wrack her body. Her toes curled with the intensity as the imp, who was currently experiencing the greatest moment of his very long life, continued to fuck his mistress with zeal.

Watching the perversely erotic sight of the green skinned imp rutting against the beautiful raven haired woman drew a response from their audience. Shanti, who knew of Malika's plan, was sat on the opposite edge of the pool. Her long legs spread wide open and her fingers busily playing with her clit. Valeska and the elf girl were still busy letting their tongues dance together, though now the elf had turned around and they were embracing tightly in the water.

It wasn't long before the other girls got in the party mood too, those who had been playing instruments picked them back up and once again filled the room with a lively playful tune. It didn't take long for the others to begin to get amorous and join in with the fun. A bald headed girl with red eyes, pointed ears, sharp white teeth and skin as black as the night grabbed two of her friends and started practicing kissing themselves. The girl sat in the shallows of the pool whilst one of the girls, a red haired beauty with deep bronze skin and an appealing heart shaped ass, began to kiss her mouth with reckless desire. The other was an almost ethereal waifish beauty with long fair hair that fell to her hips who slipped between those long black legs and tasted her first pussy.

Other such exchanges happened about the place as the apprentices revelled in their new freedom and enjoyed each other in ways they had never imagined.

Malika and Pugward were both thoroughly enjoying themselves too of course. By now the imp's hands had lifted to grab two handfuls of her meaty tits and she was singing soft sweet moans of delight to his appreciative ears. His cock was still busy in her slippery sheath as his balls slapped against her bare firm ass with each deep thrust.

"Pugward! Oh, I...this feels..." Though Malika never told him, instead letting out a great scream as her pussy clenched around his cock and her slick channel flooded with sweet sticky juices that flowed to coat his balls.

"Oh that's it, cum for me babe. You like my dick inside you?" Pugward growled.

Malika answered only by following up her first climax with another that left her gasping. Her long legs were wrapped tightly around him as he fucked her and groped those amazing tits for all he was worth. It wasn't long before he once again felt that intense blast of his gooey jism boiling up through his cock. He quickly slammed himself deep inside Malika and shoved his face between her tits. A long soft moan escaped her lips as she felt him start to splash her insides with that thick sticky cum of his. Once he had finished she felt the excess of his load dribble out of her pussy and between her firm round ass cheeks. The imp slumped down on her, for the moment he was completely spent.

Malika savoured the afterglow for a few moments and then lifted to see Pugward face down between her tits and giggled. She reached around him and stroked her fingers over his back affectionately.

"Yrrfestoss." His voice was considerably muffled.

"I'm sorry?" She asked, her legs unwrapping from about him and sliding back to dangle in the water.

"Yer da best, boss." He finally came up for air and gave one of her nipples a long suck.

"You're not so bad yourself." She blushed and then sat up.

Her movement caused him to slide out of her and he turned around to see what all the noise was about.

"Wowza." He summed up his thoughts almost poetically.

The other apprentices were still enjoying themselves enormously. The girl with the ebon flesh was now returning the favour to her long haired lover and licking her pussy with gusto. The girl Pugward had taught to play the lute was now seated on a chair in the corner of the room still playing with her legs spread apart so that Shanti could swirl her tongue around her clit. Amazingly she managed to keep the tune. Valeska and her elf lover had slipped out of the water to lie in a comfortable sixty-nine position using Malika's discarded clothes for blankets. The elf was laid on top with her face buried between Valeska's legs, occasionally lifting her head to breathe or squeak with delight as the woman explored her pussy with her tongue.

All around them the orgy continued and the music played on. Pugward and Malika smirked at each other and seeing that they were currently not needed the imp fucked her twice more. Once in that same position with her laid back on the ground and him pistoning away between her spread thighs, then once again as she turned over and lifted herself onto her hands and knees to get fucked from behind.

Though as Pugward unloaded himself that second time as she thrust her ass back against him, he found the party was far from over. Once she had recovered Malika playfully pushed him backwards into the water where he was caught by two waiting apprentices. One was the black haired girl who had previously sucked his cock who taught everything she'd learned about cocksucking to her freckled strawberry blonde friend. Of course they used Pugward's willing length to test their mouths, much to the imp's encouragement.

Malika eventually found Shanti and kissed her to find her more than willing to lick Pugward's darkly sweet cum out of her cunt. Hours passed with highlights of the day including a game of catch played around the tower that was started by Shanti. One girl would be sent running to hide somewhere as the others sought her out. The next one to be chased was the one who brought the previous girl to climax.

Pugward eventually fetched Eluria from where she was still laid in the treasury, unable to move and brought her up to her room. There he used Eluria to show two curious apprentices the joys of anal sex. Malika stumbled in on this 'lesson' to find the two girls enthralled by the display of the violet haired sorceress bent over the bed whilst the imp buggered her from behind. Eluria's eyes were wide and her constant muffled screams of outrage eventually just turned into screams as she came, her juices gushing from her pussy to squirt one of the across one of the girls' slim waists.

"Pugward, that looks awfully painful." Malika disapprovingly observed. She wouldn't mind Eluria dead but she didn't want to torture the woman with anything but humiliation.

"Oh hey boss!" The imp greeted her with a wave and then used that hand to give Eluria's creamy ass a hard spank.

"Mmmmrrrrrff!" The woman's jaws were still clamped tightly shut.

"Is that really necessary?" She asked as she saw the imp partially slide out of the former sorceress' asshole which was considerably stretched with exertion.

"Well no, but it sure is fun as hell" Pugward answered cheerfully before ramming himself all the way inside Eluria's ass, making her eyes bulge and drawing some 'ooh's' and 'aaah's' from the two girls sat on the floor watching him.

"It doesn't seem very fun for her." Malika chided as Eluria let out another muffled scream followed by inane babbling.

"Oh really?" Pugward gave his mistress a wink before he clicked his fingers and Eluria's mouth sprang open for the first time.

"Fuck me you little shit! Harder!" Her hands clawed at the bed sheets.

Eluria's outburst surprised Malika as it soon became clear that those muffled screams were clearly due to her intense enjoyment of being ass fucked by the imp. Though when she realised that she suddenly had her voice back her skin flushed bright pink. After blinking a few times as she considered what to do Malika eventually shrugged her shoulders making her full breasts bounce fetchingly.

"Have fun Pugward." She told him before turning to leave.

"I'll kill you all! I will not suffer this...oh fuck!...this indignity. Lagria will aid me! I w-will bathe...in your blood!" She heard Eluria's screams of orgasm and rage call out to her as she left Pugward to enjoy himself.

He let out a grunt and filled Eluria's tight bottom with his gunk, the woman passed out at the intensity of the feeling leaving her slumped over the bed as Pugward slipped out of her and looked at both of the apprentices.

"So, anyone wanna try?" He offered, waving his cock in front of him lewdly.

Both girls looked at each other and then back to Pugward, each wearing bright grins on their faces.

"I fuckin' love this place." The imp remarked as one of the girls bent over next to the unconscious Eluria.

By the evening the party had died down somewhat as exhaustion had taken most of the apprentices and they slept throughout the castle. After taking two eager virgin asses and leaving the pair of nineteen year olds making out together on the bed he had left in search of Malika upon Eluria' shoulders. He found her and Shanti laid in one of the sister's beds cuddling together whilst they snoozed. They made a very pretty picture together, Shanti's dark limbs contrasting against the alabaster skin of the sorceress. Making his way over to where they lay, he hopped from Eluria's shoulders and told her to lie down on the floor to sleep. They both sleepily accepted him nestling between them, their soft perfect tits squeezing around his body as they had the previous night.

"Goodnight Pugward." Malika murmured to him, he felt her luscious lips brush lightly across his ear.

"G'night boss." He replied and then closed his eyes and promptly fell asleep.

- - - - -

The next morning when Malika awoke she again found the imp was gone but this time found a note at the bedside explaining himself.

Morning Sweet Thighs!

Hope you slept well. I'll be in the main hall, we've got some stuff to take care of.

Love your tits!

Pugward.

She read the note in the imp's almost illegible handwriting and then kissed the lips of Shanti who was still asleep. Shanti, who coincidentally had been dreaming about kissing Malika, found herself awakening to find the reality far surpassed the dream. Though the sorceress knew she was needed, and that after yesterday's fun today would probably be a lot of work, she took the time to enjoy her lover's kiss.

When she finally arose from the bed she saw that the clothes Pugward had summoned for her yesterday had been lost and felt slightly guilty about it. The last time she had seen them they had been used to cushion a threesome in the baths. To her surprise she saw fresh clothing laid out for her over the back of the chair in the room. She rolled off the bed and approached them to find a long emerald green cloak lined with golden thread along with a matching silk robe and a golden chain belt. Next to these was a slightly more simple robe coloured black and a sash to wear about the waist for Shanti.

"Those look nice." Shanti remarked as she sat up from the bed and walked into the adjacent room to see what was making an odd bubbling noise coming from within.

Malika followed her without putting on the clothes and found a large metal bath filled with steaming water and overflowing with soapy suds. The two lovers looked at each other and slow smiles crossed their faces as they both realised the tub was large enough to fit both of them inside comfortably.

"Tonight I think we should as a few of the apprentices to join us in bed Shanti, Pugward really deserves a good thank you for this." Malika remarked as she stepped over and sank into the hot water with a sigh that made Shanti's heart flutter.

"I don't think we'll have any problems finding willing guests." Shanti slid beneath the water beside her and followed Malika's sigh with a moan of delight at the feeling of the hot water.

"I know! I did not expect so many to take to him. After all he's done for me I'm more than willing to please in any way he likes but..." Malika trailed off as she slipped her hands about Shanti to caress and make sure her lover was suitably clean.

"At first I..." Shanti was interrupted as Malika's fingers slipped between her legs, though the sorceress' touch was merely playful and she let Shanti continue. "At first I wasn't too keen on the idea of him. He isn't exactly appealing to look at, or touch, or even smell for that matter. Then when he let me have you, well that certainly made me grow fonder of him." Shanti let her hands slide lazily across Malika's shoulders and around the back of her neck to pull their lips together. After a long lazy kiss they remained cuddled together in the water.

"I suppose I was just surprised how quickly everyone seemed to turn from being terrified of him to wanting to..." Again Malika didn't finish, instead preferring to remain silent and blush slightly. After all the things the apprentices had done to Pugward, it was enough to make even a veteran whore blush.

To her surprise Shanti laughed.

"Well firstly consider that they have never really seen anything like him before. The other demons of the sorceresses? They didn't exactly seem like ideal lovers. I mean the gods only know how Eluria managed to fit all of Deckler up her..."

"Yes, I understand." Malika interrupted, again blushing.

"You're so beautiful when you blush Malika." Shanti observed with affectionate amusement as she stroked her fingertips affectionately across her lover's alabaster cheek. "My point is that compared to what they all were expecting to have to face, Pugward is a gift. He doesn't have any horns or spurs of bone that can dig into you, he doesn't force anyone to do anything they don't want. He also helped you free us all in the first place." Shanti explained.

"Actually he did all of that. I just summoned him." Malika stated humbly.

"Yes, you just summoned a demon so powerful he wiped out the sisterhood of Lagria without breaking a sweat. What are you just going to do today my love? Slay a few dragons? Conquer the Ithlonnii Empire?" Shanti's sarcasm was followed by a slightly self conscious laugh from Malika before the blonde haired girl continued. "What I mean is that they were grateful to him as well as you. A week ago I'd wager that most of them would have quite willingly severed two of their limbs if it meant the sisters of Lagria leaving them alone. Indulging the imp really is the least they could do. Then when they saw him with you? Malika I wish I could give you half that much pleasure."

"Oh Shanti, you do, really you do." Malika replied without quite realising she was lying in an effort to show Shanti just how much she meant to her.

"No I don't, but I haven't had much practice yet." Shanti gently grasped one of Malika's sensitive boobs and squeezed. "But I'm learning. I just meant that we were all expecting him to do what the other demons do. Stick himself in until it hurt and then listen to you scream for mercy. We didn't expect to see you loving it and screaming for more. It made us all curious to see what it felt like. I mean later today I was going to ask the imp to do for me what he did for you. Do you mind?" The final question was voiced with slight apprehension. She didn't want to hurt Malika's feelings after all. She needn't have worried.

"Do I mind? Of course not Shanti. So long as you don't try to steal my imp away from me." Malika giggled and kissed the girl's cheek.

"Ha! The way he looks at you Malika I doubt anyone could. I think he only gave you those clothes so he could concentrate on doing what you asked." Those words got Shanti a playful splash of water in her face.

After they were washed and dressed in their new garments, the pair left the bedroom to find the corridors empty. They looked into rooms as they passed but found no sleeping apprentices where they had heard them playing well into the night. Moving down the great spiral staircase of the tower, they heard noise emanating from the great hall and opened the door to step inside and find the place alive with movement. Both Shanti and Malika saw that the apprentices were now clothed in garments similar to Shanti's and were busy carrying out various jobs. Baskets of treasure were being carried and placed in different piles on the floor where two girls were sifting through to check for magically imbued objects. An apprentice walked past them with two buckets of water carried over her shoulders, she smiled at them as they entered. From the looks of things as the beautiful women darted about the place they were using the hall as a central hub for organising the entire temple. Girls passed them with books from the library and Malika caught sight of Eluria, the only one who was still completely stark naked, telling an apprentice about various secret passages and areas of interest with a pained look on her face.
