 It is the middle of the last Ice Age, about 50,000 years ago. The Neanderthals roam the Earth, but co-exist with a recently arrived tribe of technologically advanced aliens known as the Amazon. The Amazon hunt Neanderthal men for their wild semen. Aablar has captured an Amazon dominess and her acolyte. The ruthless Elizabetha Warren has tracked him down. After an interrupted combat, Elizabetha has recovered the acolyte, but Aablar has disappeared with the dominess. Meanwhile the incident has led to political turmoil in the Amazon establishment.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

1. The lighting in the sick bay of the 'Andromeda' was dimmed. Elizabetha lay on a bed, covered with a thin white sheet, a complex set of wires and probes attached to her body. A doctor, a scholaress in the medical corps was monitoring a control center that gave her a complete analysis of Elizabetha's every organ. She wore a white cap with the blue cross of the Health Institute (since all Amazon medical personnel belonged to Health Services) and she also wore a titanium badge with the twined serpents insignia of the Medical Corps. Seignora Melania Paulus sat at the foot of the bed, stiff-backed and dry-eyed, but the look of concern on her face was obvious. In addition to the fierce loyalty that all dominesses had for their colonel, their adventure together had infused tenderness into her feelings for her commander.

A set of chimes went off and the doctor removed the white sheet and began disconnecting all the sensors. Turning to Melania, she said, 'All the procedures were successful, Seignora. I've mended all the colonel's cuts with skin grafts -- there will be no scarring. She had three broken ribs. I've inserted titanium struts that will make her chest wall stronger than it was before. All the monitors indicate that the colonel is in peak physical condition. Indeed, she possesses the most superb body and musculature I have ever had to honor to examine.'

She paused.

'What more needs to be done, doctor?' There was a note of concern in Melania's voice. 

'Right now, she just needs another hour's rest. I have set the timer and the chimes will sound as the effects of the sedation fade.'

'Then you may withdraw, doctor,' said Melania firmly. 'I will stand watch and summon you if anything untoward occurs.'

The doctor nodded and withdrew silently.

Melania resumed her seat the foot of the bed, contemplating her commander's naked body. Elizabetha's pale blonde hair was pooled in a silky mass around her face. In repose, her powerful musculature was softened and her features displayed the innocence of youth. Her full breasts stood out firmly and jounced ever so slightly with every deep breath, the nipples puckering a little. Her skin was flawless again -- the Doctor had indeed done a wonderful job. Melania recalled the multiple cuts, the heavy bruising and the accompanying purple and yellow discolorations that had marred Elizabetha's body when she had laid her on this bed just over an hour ago. Amazon medicine was truly miraculous -- the doctor's hand was guided by the divine Hera!

A few minutes passed and Melania stood and approached her sedated commander. She stroked Elizabetha's silky blonde hair and sighed -- 'Ah, Colonel Elizabetha, you are truly a goddess for you are such a perfect creature! We all strive to follow where you lead.'

Elizabetha's sighed in her sleep -- this slight reaction roused Melania further and she leaned forward and kissed the colonel's hair and then her brow. Before she knew what she was doing, her lips brushed Elizabetha's and one of her hands gently kneaded one of the impossibly full breasts. Elizabetha sighed again and slightly arched her back, pushing her breasts more firmly into Melania's grasp. Melania now took a breast in each hand and began to knead them with a will, the firm and rubbery mounds pliant under her firm ministrations. 

She ran her tongue down Elizabetha's long neck and traced a thin pattern to one of the breasts, stopping only when she had a meaty nipple in her lips. She began to kiss and playfully bite at it, watching incredulously as it hardened and grew to an erection of almost an inch! She worked at it some more before transferring her affections to the other nipple, causing it to match its twin in dimensions. Elizabetha sighed again, louder this time, but her body remained in repose, her muscles completely relaxed.

Still kneading the magnificent breasts, Melania kissed Elizabetha again, this time forcing her tongue between her lips. Elizabetha's mouth opened hesitantly and Melania's tongue snaked in, seeking its mate. She aggressively courted Elizabetha's lips, gently biting and sucking on them and twining her own active tongue around Elizabetha's passive one.

She paused, breathing heavily, and eyed her passive partner with glazed eyes. She could not stop now! She traced a line with her tongue again, this time through the tight valley of Elizabetha's cleavage and paused briefly at the swell of her belly. She ran her tongue into the perfect well of Elizabetha's belly button and then proceeded downward, slowing now and savoring the strengthening smell of Elizabetha's womanhood. Elizabetha's pubic hair was downy soft and so pale as to be virtually invisible against her white skin. Melania's own dark hair contrasted sharply with it as her tongue found Elizabetha's nether lips. She began to kiss and suck on Elizabetha's vulva, breathing deeply of the clean and slightly musky scent of the slowly emerging vaginal fluids.

Melania's ministrations were adept and Elizabetha's sex drive was lusty and strong. Awake, she would have had an orgasm by now. But the powerful sedation kept her arousal exceedingly mild and she sighed continually, slowly oozing vaginal fluid, but did not mount to excitement. However, in ministering to Elizabetha's perfect body, Melania grew increasingly aroused. Soon her vaginal moistness grew to wetness and began to dampen the crotch of her uniform leotard. Still working her lips and fingers on Elizabetha's vulva and clitoris, her left hand worked her own clitoris through the thin uniform. She felt her excitement rise and her cries were muffled in Elizabetha's crotch. Suddenly she felt herself crest and waves of contractions wracked her. Her knees grew weak and she crawled on top of Elizabetha, resting her face between her magnificent breasts, shivering in the afterglow of her orgasm.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

2. The chimes sounded and on cue, Elizabetha opened her eyes. Melania, showered and changed into a fresh uniform, leaned over her with a reassuring smile.

'You look wonderful, colonel,' she smiled. 'I will summon the doctor immediately.'

Melania proceeded to do so and moments later, under the supervision of the doctor, Elizabetha swung her legs off the bed. She examined her naked form critically in a full-length 3-dimensional mirror on the wall. The doctor had indeed done a magnificent job. There was no evidence of injury. She was a little tired, but otherwise she felt great. She stretched luxuriously and sighed, feeling strangely sated. A complete combat uniform and set of arms were arranged on a table by the wall. She slipped on her wrist bracers and pulled on her thigh boots. Then she strapped her dagger to her thigh.

'How long have I been unconscious?' she asked Melania.

'Just over two hours, colonel.'

Elizabetha signaled to the Doctor to approach her. They embraced and rubbed nipples. The scholaress' diaphanous robe parted in the embrace and Elizabetha's naked nipples puckered up on contact with the Medica's smooth siltex leotard.

'Doctor, I am greatly in your debt,' she said. Even speaking formally, her voice caused a flutter in her listeners' senses. 'I hope that I am in a position to repay you some day.' She turned now to Melania. 'Melania, what provisions have been made in sending diving equipment to Quinta Lady Sophia?'

'Captain Carol had a photo-guided drone pod to dispatched shortly after our pick-up,' she reported. 'We have received a garbled confirmation of receipt.' Melania paused awkwardly. Pre-occupied as it was with youth and beauty, the subject of death was not an easy one in Amazon society. Melania gathered her wits and ploughed on. 

'The ship's bio-sensors picked up traces of a life-form in the vicinity of the cavern,' she said stoically. 'The traces faded and have now ceased. The ship's sensor experts feel certain that this is Dominess Cara Henn. They believe she was seriously injured in our descent and that she is now dead.'

Elizabetha had been expecting this but Melania's words, bringing home the reality of her trooper's fate still caused her to flinch. In her mind, the dominesses were the best of the best, the foremost flower of the sisterhood. To lose even one of them was an irreplaceable loss.

Melania continued in a flat monotone. 'Captain Carol has delayed the funeral ceremonies till your recovery.'

'We cannot have the funeral ceremony for a dominess without a senior scholaress present! I will proceed to the bridge immediately to speak with Captain Carol. Melania, you will accompany me.'

They were on the bridge within minutes. The weather had deteriorated further and through the huge forward dome bright flashes of lightning could be seen all around them. The deck heaved and rocked beneath their feet. Carol sat in the Captain's command chair, but on Elizabetha's entry, she stood. They rubbed nipples and Elizabetha took the command chair without hesitation.

'Captain Carol, we cannot hold a funeral for Dominess Cara without a senior scholaress to officiate. I would prefer to hold it in the Temple of Artemis on our return to Atlantic City.' Elizabetha spoke firmly and clearly.

Carol nodded. She sensed from Elizabetha tone that there would be no arguing on this point.

'We will, as always, support your endeavors in any way that we can, Colonel,' she said formally. Almost as soon as she finished speaking one of the communication officers called out, 'Transmission from Quinta Lady Sophia, Captain!'

'On speakers!' Carol's response was sharp. The mention of Sophie brought a frown of worry to Elizabetha's face. The deteriorating weather played havoc with the transmission, and it was extremely garbled --so bad in fact, that it was difficult to recognize Sophie's voice.

'Flash urgent ... Aablar ... custody ... awaiting response ...'

Elizabetha's decision was instantaneous.

'Captain Carol,' she said. 'I will rejoin Quinta Lady Sophia immediately. Kindly photo-guide my power-chute to the same coordinates as the diving equipment.' She paused briefly and glanced at Melania. There was no need for verbal communication.

The raven-haired dominess responded immediately. 'I will join you, Colonel.'

'I hear and obey, Colonel.' Carol's response was mechanical. 'A crew will await the two of you on the launch deck.'

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

3. 'Hush, hush, Aablar,' the voice became seductively mellow. 'Don't chastise yourself. I am here, look up and perceive me.'

Aablar looked up, the blood flowing freely from the gashes in his forehead. He blinked as the hot fluid got in his eyes and wiped it away with the back of his arm. He saw a tall elderly man clad in dark flowing robes girt with a broad leather belt. His full head of hair and long beard were snowy white. It was his bright twinkling blue eyes that drew attention. Right now they were soft and kind. He leaned on a long staff.

'You have really injured yourself, Aablar,' he continued. 'First of all, let me heal you.'

With that, he raised his staff. A bluish light suddenly shot from the tip and Aablar felt warmth on his forehead. Just as suddenly, the light and the warmth faded. Aablar felt his forehead with this hand. The gashes and the blood were gone!

Now that he could see the source of the voice, his fear left him.

'What kind of sorcerer are you?' he asked boldly. 'I have seen magic enough from the Amazon and fear it not. Your claims about me are baseless, for you do not know me! The Amazon are my lifelong enemies and I feel nothing but hate for them, one and all.'

'Aablar, Aablar, I am your friend. I am your guardian. But right now I do not have time to explain everything to you. The dominess Lady Katnissa is dying. We cannot allow that to happen. You must dive and return to the pursuing Amazon and bring them here. Their medicine can yet save her, but another hour and it will be too late.'

'Why should I save this bitch? She would torture and kill me without hesitating for an instant!'

'Aablar, we have not time now!' The old man was becoming impatient. 'You must trust me. The future of your race is in your hands. But you must trust me! Return and bring the Amazon here. I will protect you from serious harm. The Amazon cannot match my power. Look into my eyes! Can you honestly tell me that you feel no tenderness toward Lady Katnissa?'

'Well, ...' Aablar hesitated.

'Look at her! Even in her death-like repose see how beautiful she is! Her bright red hair, her lithe, strong body! And she is one of the most intelligent of her kind besides. But you are her match. You know that you want her love. But you can't have it if she dies.'

'What ... what should I do?'

'Dive and return to the Amazon. Bring them back here as soon as you can.'

'But they will kill me on sight!'

'No, they want to save the Lady Katnissa more than they want vengeance on you. As soon as you break surface, call out, "The Lady Katnissa is dying, I need your help!"'.

Aablar approached the prone form of Katnissa and bent over her. He stroked her shiny hair gently. She was breathing fitfully, in shallow gulps, but her pulse was very weak. He turned from her and walked to the water's edge and hesitated. He turned and looked at the old man, who now raised his staff again.

'Go with confidence, my boy,' he said mildly. 'You won't need a ballasting stone.'

Another jet of bluish light leapt from the tip of his staff and Aablar felt a warm glow all over him. His very skin seemed to radiate a bright incandescence. He took a deep breath and dived into the water. He sank quickly, much faster than he had done with the ballasting stone. But his body, even his hair, remained dry. Tentatively he opened his mouth -- cool air rushed in! He could breathe! What magic did the old man possess?

It was now easy for Aablar to navigate the connecting passage and rise quickly to the surface in the other cavern. The sound of his breaking surface was enough to alert both dominesses. His quick eyes saw pistols trained on him from front and side. Following the old man's instructions, he cried out, 'The Lady Katnissa is dying, I need your help!'

Sophia was in front of him and her voice was sharp, her pistol barrel steady as a rock. 'Swim slowly to the edge and climb out. Make no sudden moves or I will slice off your arm.'

He did has he was told. As he climbed out of the water, he felt the warmth leave his skin and the when he stood up, the incandescence was gone. Sophia approached him, her eyes cold and hard.

'Guardian Dar-Ella, shoot him in a limb with you pistol if he makes any sudden moves. Savage, put your hands forward, wrists together.' Sophia's Amazon accent was even more pronounced than usual, betraying her tenseness. As soon as Aablar's wrists were close together, Sophia tapped one of her wrist bracers and he heard a buzzing sound, then a short, sharp stab of pain. He could see no restraint, but his wrists were stuck together -- Sophia had shot a micro force field of charged particles from her power pack. He worked his great strength at separating them, but he was could make no impression on the invisible restraint.

'He is restrained, Dar-Ella, but keep him covered with your pistol and don't go near him. I'll try and contact the 'Andromeda'.'

Sophia was back less than five minutes later. Aablar turned his gaze towards her and his eyes were now pleading.

'Please, dominess, you must believe me. The Lady Katnissa Norhill is dying! You must come and help me save her!'

The two dominesses did not reply, but stood eying him with stony eyes, pistols unsheathed. Aablar saw that further entreaties would be useless. He was now at their mercy -- and he knew that they would have none for him. Well! He steeled himself. He knew that in the hands of the Amazon, his death would not be an easy one. He did not fear pain, he did not fear death, but he was saddened by the manner of his meek passage into captivity.

The dominesses were obviously waiting for something, but what? In matter of minutes, he was answered as power-chute blasts were heard and then the clatter of boots announced the arrival of Elizabetha and Melania. Aablar, who still bore the marks of his combat with Elizabetha, looked at her pristine and unmarked body with amazement. Her helmet was burnished and shone in the bluish light in the cavern and her green and purple uniform was in perfect order. Her pistol and sword remained sheathed, but her eyes were as pale and as cold as ever.

'Dominess,' Aablar gritted out. 'Lady Katnissa is dying. You must help her!'

Elizabetha's sense of priorities was very clear.

'Sophie, get diving gear on this savage! Melania, get ready as well. Savage, you will lead the two of us to the Lady Katnissa. Hurry, hurry!'

So saying, she unslung her blaster and took up a diving canister from the stowage pod that had been photo-guided down to the cavern from the 'Andromeda'. It was a small silver canister about six inches long that clipped onto her belt. It sprouted a long flexible hose with a mouthpiece that doubled as a breathing device as well as a link to her helmet communicator. Melania quickly followed her colonel.

In the meantime, Sophia approached Aablar warily, with a diving canister in her right hand and her pistol in her left. She circled around him so that his back was to her. He did not move, he did not seem to breathe and was as still as a statue. She came close to him and first jammed the muzzle of her pistol into the small of his back. This close, his great height and powerful musculature caused her repress a slight shiver of -- what? It was not fear, it was not hate, she could not place it and she brushed it aside. Aablar was slightly taller than her, even in her thigh boots, so she rose slightly on her toes to hiss in his ear, 'Do not move a muscle, savage, or I will be delighted to carve a chunk of flesh out of your side.'

With this she reached around him and clipped the diving canister to the waistband of his loincloth. She flicked the ballast switch on, so that it would ionize and attach a small balloon of heavier charged water to itself on being submerged. Then she took the mouthpiece and hissed, 

'Open your mouth, savage! Clasp the soft section of this piece in your teeth.' 

He was obedient, even docile. He sucked on the mouthpiece, surprised at the heady feeling of breathing pure oxygen.

Sophia stepped away from him, surprised at her quickened breathing. Without thinking, she raised her right hand to her mouth. Aablar's smell was extremely strong and some of the mixture of sweat, blood, semen and vaginal fluids (from his many recent couplings) clung to her fingers from contact with his loincloth. It intoxicated her to the point that Elizabetha's voice only dimly entered her consciousness.

'Savage, enter the water! We are following you. Be aware that our pistols work just as well under water.'

After the long hunt and chase, the Lady Katnissa was recovered with remarkable speed. Even Sophia and Dar-Ella, who waited impatiently, were surprised at how quickly they returned, Elizabetha now bearing the limp form of Katnissa. Even as Elizabetha reached the edge of the pool, Sophia was there and together they gently laid her on the cavern floor. Sophia began a vigorous CPR on Katnissa while Elizabetha was still clambering out of the pool. Sophia found her skin was cold to the touch and she had barely any pulse. She counted as she blew hard into Katnissa mouth and worked her chest cavity, just below and around her breasts. Pausing briefly, she stripped off Katnissa's soaking deerskin halter. Then she tapped on her temperature shield and widened its band to create a cocoon of warmth around her patient. Elizabetha now sat next to them, water streaming off her uniform, worry writ in her face. Still restrained, Aablar also came and sat by them, Dar-Ella and Melania overseeing him with drawn pistols.
