 Indeed there was much work to be done and Malika agreed to help him magically re-build parts of the temple as well as generally making the place feel homier. The great hall was filled with long dining tables where they all ate together. Fires were lit in the air to keep away the chill of winter. The rip in the ground filled with water that had been the baths was re-shaped to a more appealing large circular pool with attached changing rooms and a sauna. Many of the sisters' rooms were re-furnished for the apprentices. This included adding more windows to light up the place and replacing the old rusted iron lighting for fresh silver fixtures. Malika found she had an interest in interior design and learned much from Pugward in the process about advanced magic and how to weave her spells properly. Apparently the imp found the sorceresses methods to be quite sloppy and had to get her out of some bad habits.

Sometime early in the afternoon he left her to pour eagerly over a stack of books they had come across and went to find Shanti in the kitchens. When she saw him she immediately turned from the food sacks she was marking and developed a rather wanton glimmer in her eyes.

"Hello imp. Come to have some fun?" She asked.

"Damn straight." He busied himself fishing his green cock out of his pants.

She saw the small length was a meagre two inches and decided to help him along. First she grabbed two handfuls of her robe at her sides and lifted the black fabric up over her head to throw it aside leaving her naked before him. Her youthful body alone made what flaccidly hung between his legs twitch with excitement. That dark chocolate hue of her flesh gleamed in the light of the kitchen fireplace. Since he had slept between them for the past two nights he had become thoroughly acquainted with the generous curves of her soft tits. The delectable mounds, each tipped with a dark nipple that visibly hardened before his eyes, made him lick his lips in anticipation.

She caught sight of the tip of that pointed black tongue running over the seam of his mouth and flashed him a sultry smile. Taking two steps toward him she parted her legs to let her bare feet stand shoulder length apart and allowed him a close up view of her neatly trimmed slit. The delicate petals were completely bare and a dark little triangle of bright blonde hairs pointed down toward her sweet spot from above. Wanting only to give the imp a show before she began to suck him to his full size, she was surprised when she felt his slick hot tongue flick out to lick her tasty snatch.

"Oooh! Do I taste nice imp? Malika seems to think so." She teased, smoothly placing the image of Malika and her lapping at each other's pussies in Pugward's mind. His cock grew notably as he looked at her.

"Like ripe juicy fruit. You wantin' me to get a better taste?" He asked, those small black eyes looking up at her as his tongue extended outward and wiggled suggestively.

"I'd like that very much Pugward. You really are rather wonderful for a demon you know." She complimented him.

"Charm's my middle name Hot Pants. Now how's about you get dat sweet ass up on da table an' relax. If I'm havin' your pussy for lunch I wanna take my time."

Shanti amicably turned around to let him admire that firm ass he was so fond of and walked over to the table. Sliding onto it elegantly to lie back and spread her thighs, her appetising pussy glistening in his direction. Pugward quickly jumped up onto the table, a rather impressive feat considering his diminutive size. He quickly pulled off that strange visor cap that he was wearing and threw it to the ground. Like most of the things he created through enchantment and no longer needed, the cap erupted in a spurt of green flame and then vanished.

His long gangly arms slipped under her legs and she bent her knees to lift her thighs and place her feet flat on the table surface. The she was grateful for the varnished wood beneath her, at least she wouldn't pick up any splinters from what was about to happen. The imp grabbed her waist with his arms beneath her legs and pulled her across the table toward him with a strength she wouldn't have thought possible from him. After letting out a quick yelp of surprise her voice dissolved into a low moan when she felt his wet tongue licking over her inner thighs.

Malika had been the only other person in the world to touch her in such a way and the sorceress's eagerness to please combined with her inexperience left little time for foreplay. Pugward's tongue however did not simply plunge inside her, going straight for the places that drove her insane with delight. Instead she felt him lick over the outer lips of her labia so lightly she barely felt it, though it made her tense up with desire. Again she felt him but not where she wanted it as he lightly swirled the tip of that long tongue through the soft hairs over her slit and then roll that slick organ down the opposite side of her pussy along her inner thigh once again.

"Imp that is most- oh!" She had been about to chide him for teasing her when she felt his tongue lick down between her buttocks, the pointed tip slowly encircling her asshole with its feathery touch.

She heard Pugward give a small grunt of amusement as he found she loved her rear entrance tickled in such a way. Just as she was finding an orgasm building from this strange new technique however, she felt the imps tongue lick all the way up her slit to swirl around her clit. The touch brought a husky groan from the girl and Pugward let his tongue slide back into his mouth to survey his handiwork.

Her bare pussy was now swollen with arousal. Those dark beautiful lips gleamed with his saliva and her juices and were left slightly parted to reveal the hot bright pink sheath between them. Taking a moment to grin to himself, he then plunged his face between Shanti's legs and slid his long tongue inside her.

The reaction was immediate and almost violent as she arched her back suddenly, her hands reaching out to grip the sides of the table and hold on for dear life whilst Pugward's expert tongue cast her out into sweet oblivion. Like Malika, she was a virgin and so he did not use the full length of his tongue to pleasure her. Instead he concentrated on licking the soft flesh her pussy was happy to yield to him and occasionally lifted his head to suckle on her clit and draw fresh cries of ecstasy from deep within her.

They continued on like that for what seemed like hours. Shanti lost count of how many times she felt bliss consume her and Pugward learned exactly what drove her wild to the point where his tongue could draw her screams forth as if he were playing a particularly delicious instrument. She bucked and writhed upon the surface of the table, once almost falling off until she felt a strange force push her back on as if from nowhere. The imp's magic, no doubt.

After a particularly thunderous peak she felt that amazing tongue leave her as his head lifted from between her legs and he looked up at her. She lifted her own head to look down between her breasts at him and saw he was stood between her legs, his cock now fully erect and apparently ready for action. The bulbous green head already blackened slightly as it oozed his seed and she saw a thick black vein running along the side of its length. All in all it looked highly unappealing but she remembered the effect it had on Malika and her eyes smouldered with anticipation.

"Yeh ready for da main event?" He grabbed his cock and waved it about lewdly before her eyes.

"I think I'm ready for several imp." She gave him a wry smirk.

Needing no further encouragement, Pugward hopped closer to her slippery pussy and with a quick jab of his hips the thick head of his generously proportioned cock popped inside the waiting girl.

"Oh fuck!" Shanti cried as she felt him push inside her.

Suddenly she realised why Malika had the reaction she did, he filled her completely as he pushed deeper into her inch by sweet inch. She felt that ridiculously long tongue as it snaked out of his mouth and wrapped tightly about her nipple giving it an oddly wet squeeze. Then just as she thought things couldn't get any better she felt a sharp stab of pain that was soon washed away by a torrent of pure bliss. The imp felt that sweet submission inside her virgin pussy and slowly buried himself all the way inside her.

The scream Shanti gave echoed throughout the temple drawing a few girls to the kitchens to see what was going on. One was holding a metal candelabra and the other a large hard backed book as makeshift weapons. They dropped them immediately when they saw what was going on however.

The bodies of Pugward and Shanti had levitated from the table to rest on a cushion of nothingness. Shanti's dark legs flailed wildly, kicking and twitching with every thrust the imp gave between her legs. Her hands were busily groping her tits and pinching her nipples as Pugward's tongue slid up between her tits to lick at the nape of her neck as he fucked her as hard as she began to beg him to. The obscene sight of the gruesome little creature fucking the chocolate skinned beauty in mid air drew gasps from the two girls who had stumbled upon them.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Shanti began to chant with every thrust.

It didn't take much of that cock stretching her and sliding deep inside her sweet cunt until she finally began to shudder and then tensed, her toes curling and her back arching as she experienced the most intense orgasm of her life. Her head lolled forwards and her eyes opened to see his tongue still licking up her, it's pointed tip lifting up over her chin. Throwing caution to the wind she licked the tongue with her own and then sucked the tip between her lips, still shaking as another orgasm built deep within her. The second time she came he grabbed her tight ass with his long fingers and pushed himself deep inside her to make her moan whorishly and then began to spurt his cum to turn that moan into a scream.

That hot sticky black seed pumped into her, filling her to the brim and leaking out down between her buttocks to drop onto the table below, mixed with her own sweet juices. She caught a glimpse of Pugward, his tongue sliding back into his mouth as he sighed with sweet relief and felt his own climax subside. She took a moment and giggled as they found themselves floating in the air, him still buried in her well fucked sheath.

"Your tongue tastes of ash." She chided him.

"Hey I smoke fifteen cigars a day, ya expectin' it to taste 'o fuckin' honey?" He shot back.

"What's a cigar? Those things you put in your mouth to taste smoke?" She asked, more curious than anything else.

- - - - -

So it was then that two hours later when Malika finally left the library to go in search of Shanti or Pugward she found them both layinh out on the table covered by a dining cloth and smoking cigars.

"Shanti, those things look awful!" Malika put her hands on her shapely hips as she looked at the pair of them.

"But I feel really relaxed." Shanti countered with a sigh, blowing a stream of black smoke out from her lips so thick it fell around her neck to dissipate across the table.

"Pugward, stop teaching my friends bad habits." She told the imp who was currently laid back with one hand behind his head, a large tent propping up the dining sheet where his cock lay beneath the cover.

"I am a bad habit Jelly Jugs." Pugward grinned at her, showing those gleaming yellow teeth. "'Sides we were just winding down after the second round."

"Third round." Shanti corrected him, a large smile forming on her full lips.

"Right. An' Shanti wanted somethin' ta help her relax before I fuck her up the butt." He explained as if they had just been caught changing a tyre.

"Shanti are you ok? He hasn't bewitched you or anything has he?" Malika could not quite believe what she was hearing.

"I'm fine! In fact screw that I'm fucking great!" She picked up some of the imp's bad language flawlessly. "This little guy has been doing things to me that made me come so hard that...see that stuff dripping down the wall there?"

Malika turned around to see that something had indeed squirted over the wall. She turned back to the pair of them, barely suppressing a laugh but somehow managing to look serious.

"That was me." Shanti grinned and took another drag of her cigar, coughing slightly afterwards.

"But up the bottom? I don't think that would be very pleasurable." Malika's frowned slightly.

"Neither did I but then he stuck his tongue up there and I changed my mind." For emphasis to Shanti's words Pugward stuck out his long snake-like tongue and wiggled it at Malika.

"Well, why don't we go upstairs and maybe you can turn me around on the idea?" Malika's suggestion made Pugward's jaw snap shut, his tongue just making it back inside in time.

"Ya know I think I took a right somewhere in hell when I shoulda taken a left and this is heaven." Pugward mused as Shanti eagerly rolled out from beneath the sheet and off the table to stand up.

The naked girl replaced her robe as Malika offered Pugward her arm to let him jump up onto her shoulders. As the trio passed through the great hall they found Eluria sat, still babbling about various secret passages and repeating herself over and over since Pugward hadn't told her she could stop. The apprentice who had been taking notes had milked her for all her information and left her sat alone in the hall.

"Ooooh hey, almost forgot about her." The imp rubbed his hands together over Malika's head. "Oi! Quit yammerin' an' get your ass over here!"

Eluria closed her mouth and obediently stood up to approach them. Her usual rage filled eyes seemed almost grateful that Pugward had allowed her to stop talking to no one. She stopped in front of them and Malika considered her for a long moment.

"Pugward would it be possible to do what you've done to her to the other sisters we have locked away?" She asked, her fingers brushing against her chin as she mused.

"Sure thing boss. If it was me I'd just kill 'em though. I mean after what they were gonna do to ya? Know what it's like bein' alive without a soul? You'd have wished ya were dead." The imp looked down at her, the proverbial devil on her shoulder.

"I know what they were going to do Pugward." Her hand came to rest over her breast as she felt where the cold shards of the sister's spells had begun to tear at her spirit. "I still feel it."

"Hey now Sugar Doll, didn't mean to get ya thinkin' about all that crap again. 'Sides ya don' have ta worry 'bout that eva happenin' again. Anyone tries ta mess with you? They're gonna get ta see my bad side." With that, the imp jumped from Malika's shoulders to land upon Eluria's.

Without much ceremony he positioned himself to stand with his feet on the violet haired woman's shoulders facing behind her and grabbed two handfuls of her hair. Then he leaned backwards, hanging from the woman's head to place his cock right in front of her mouth.

"Time ta practice yer sword swallowin' bitch." The imp grinned and Eluria felt her mouth involuntarily open at which point Pugward lunged his ass forwards and she found herself with a mouth full of imp cock.

There was a muffled squeal that made him groan as he felt the vibrations of the sound reverberate through his shaft. He quickly forced himself further into her mouth and she found herself willingly swallowing him again and again as he fucked her face.

"Suck it like a good little slut." Pugward growled at her.

Again she felt her tongue start to lick and massage him as he passed from her lips to her throat and she sucked him like a pro. Eluria wasn't normally accustomed to oral sex since Deckler always preferred her pussy. She certainly wasn't accustomed to being used in such a way or being regarded as little more than a slave. What disturbed her most was the familiar tingle in her pussy as she serviced Pugward's length with her mouth.

"Pugward if you do that to every single thing that attacks me then you'll have no time left to play with me." Malika pouted, her eyes glimmering with laughter.

"Hey Bright Eyes, I ain't about ta forget ya. Just needed somewhere to put the 'ol boner for a while since you two ladies seemed ta forget 'bout it." He started to pant in anticipation as Eluria's mouth continued to suck on him with gusto.

"We're sorry Pugward." Shanti apologised, sliding up to Malika's side and running her hand across her friend's expansive cleavage. "Lets go upstairs and we'll make it up to you."

He needed no more encouragement and to their surprise he didn't pull out of Eluria's mouth but instead saw her begin to walk towards the stairs with the imp still plunging his cock between her lips. They followed the sucking noises upstairs and finally found themselves in Eluria's room where the elf girl that had enjoyed pleasuring him yesterday and Valeska were busy laid on the bed with their mouths buried between each other's legs.

"Ahem." Malika interrupted making the elven girl lift her head from between Valeska's thighs to look up at them wide eyed.

"My lady!" The two girls scurried apart on the bed and looked around, suddenly realising they were in Eluria's former quarters.

"Sorry Malika, we were playing out in the hall and just made for the nearest bedroom. I didn't even see it was yours." Valeska rolled onto her side and looked over to them, when she saw Pugward with his eyes closed and his hips thrusting his cock into Eluria's mouth she giggled at them.

"We'll forgive you this once." Shanti stepped over to slip onto the bed on her hands and knees and press her lips against those of the startled elf. "What's your name anyway?"

"Sirillia." The elf replied, soothed by Shanti's kiss.

"Yeee haaaw!" Pugward rudely interrupted them as he finally released a gushing torrent of his black seed down Eluria's throat. The violet haired woman swallowed eagerly, gulping down every drop before Pugward steered her over to the bed and then fell back down on it between Valeska, Shanti and Sirillia.

"We came up here to let Pugward show us what it's like to take it up the ass." Malika told them as she began to disrobe.

"Mind if we stay to watch?" Valeska asked, her attention had shifted to Pugward and her long fingers reached out to stroke up and down his cock lovingly.

So it was then that five minutes later the four girls were crouched on the large bed in a circle around the imp and Eluria. The woman had long since forgotten she was supposed to be filled with rage as Pugward fucked her whilst she rested on her back amidst the silken sheets. Having to pleasure Deckler was not the most pleasant experience for her whereas Pugward actually seemed to enjoy making her cum. What's more the little imp seemed to know exactly how to make her climaxes so powerful that on more than one occasion she actually blacked out, only to wake up moments later to find him continuously thrusting inside her.

He didn't spend long on her pussy however, instead sliding out of her after fifteen minutes. That thick green length of his glistened with her arousal and as she came down from her high she realised she had been cumming like a freight train before her enemies and her pale cheeks turned crimson. Just for fun as the imp had her turn over to rest on her hands and knees with her curvy ass lifted up in the air, he clicked his fingers and she found she could once again speak.

"You will all pay for this! Lagria will bathe in your blood! I will boil you alive in the darkest depths of this place as I...oooooooh!" Her rant was rudely interrupted as Pugward floated up in the air a few inches, lined his cock up with her tight little asshole and pushed in slowly.

"I...kill...all...you!" Eluria tried to curse them through harsh breaths as she felt herself yield and her own fuck juices slickened her tight ass up for Pugward to bury himself inside her.
