 The raw ache throbbing between my legs woke me up. It took me a few moments to open my eyes. I didn't want to. I remembered what had caused the ache. Remembered it and longed to feel it again even as I loathed myself for the longing. When I finally opened my eyes, I wished that I hadn't. 

Someone had a taste for clichés. I was in a cell. It practically screamed 'dungeon.' The walls, floor and ceiling were all made of stone. Dark, dank, large cut blocks of stone. The door was made of a dark, heavy-looking wood. There were dark metal bars recessed into the door at eye level, backed by a, presumably hinged, matching piece of dark wood. I could just discern from where I lay a slot by the base where food, probably gruel, could be slid in. I could see all this from light filtering in through a high, and barred, window. The light flickered like firelight. I was willing to bet good money that the 'window' was nothing more than an alcove with a torch. It wouldn't do, after all, to have an actual avenue of escape available. 

I was on a rough straw tick mattress, of course. Ignoring the pain of aching muscles, I levered myself onto my elbows to look into the opposite corner of my cell. Naturally, a sunken privy hole. I began to laugh, despite the soreness. I was in the most stereotypical cell imaginable. How could I not laugh?

My amusement faded when my laughter caused cramps deep inside. I put my hands on my abdomen and sought a picture of the damage. Vaginal tearing and bruising was the worst of it physically. I could easily heal it, if I had the strength, but it was too soon after the Demon's trap. I didn't have the strength to control the energy I would require to heal myself. All I could do was rest and wait and hope that my strength would return. 

Patience was not my virtue, but I had nothing else to do. I tried to meditate in order to lessen my awareness of the pain. It passed the time. 

A series of thuds alerted me to the door opening. It creaked. Of course. 

"You know, you can fix that with some WD-40. It's not that difficult. Don't you know that your dungeon will fall apart if you don't take proper care of it?" I spoke before I had seen anyone enter, almost more for the sake of hearing my own voice than anything else. Then I saw Sarai, and my bravado dissolved. 

"So sorry that my dungeon doesn't please you Shyla. Maybe I should get Leigh to do some decorating. Would you like that?"

I was on my feet despite the pain, running on adrenaline for the moment. "Stay away from Leigh!"

My emotions were in overdrive, leaking magic into my words without my conscious knowledge or intent. Sarai was physically pushed back from me, but I could feel my energy level fall. I had to stay in control or I'd pass out again. 

"There's nothing you can do Shyla," Sarai sneered. "Soon, Leigh won't even remember you. You'll rot here as long as I care to keep you alive."

"Why?" I asked. She laughed. 

"Oh, no, I think not. You'll not get my master plan so easily Shyla. The only thing I'm going to give you is pain."

Her eyes heated with lust as she spoke. She stepped in close to me. I waited, hoping she would get close enough that I could give her some pain, but I had forgotten the Demon. 

"Hold her," she said. 

I couldn't move. I saw the Demon, my Master, standing behind Sarai. He held me with the energy with which I was bound and I tried not to despair as Sarai began to touch me. 

Her hands slid over my skin, a mockery of a lover's caress. She tweaked my nipples playfully, grinning at the loathing in my eyes. Then, casually, she slapped my face twice in quick succession. My eyes filled with tears at the sharp pain, and before I could recover my composure she stuck two fingers in my cunt. Her fingernails were sharp and the fast motion loosened scabs and elicited a scream from my throat. 

"See," she whispered. "There's nothing you can do." She then turned to the Demon. "Either of you."

I was still held in place as she backed away, smiling at my pain contorted visage. 

"Let her go after I leave, and retire until I call you again," she said to the Demon. 

"I hear and obey Mistress," He responded, bowing. 

Once Sarai had re-bolted the door to my cell, my bonds dissolved, allowing me to collapse to my pallet. The Demon disappeared, and I was alone with my thoughts again, though in significantly more pain. 

I had to warn Leigh about what she had been letting into her bed and into her heart. But how?

I began to cry. It was all too much. I had been raped by a Demon, Who now had ultimate control over me. My best friend was sleeping with the woman who had forced the Demon to take me. I was trapped beyond hope of rescue. In time, I cried myself to sleep. And I dreamed. 

In the dream, there was no pain. I reclined on a red velvet couch, no longer naked, but clothed in a red satin nightgown. I couldn't tell where I was, just a room, well-lit. I wondered what I was doing there. Then a man walked into the room and sat on the opposite side of the couch from me. He wore jeans and a plain white t-shirt, and his dark brown hair was long, at least shoulder length, and concealed the rest of his face from my sight as he sat in profile to me. 

"I need your help, Shyla," he said to me in a deep voice. "I think you need mine too."

"Why?" I asked, having nothing better to say. 

"Leigh is in graver danger than you know. Sarai will never tell you, but neither has she forbidden me from doing so, at least not here, and like this." He turned now to face me, and I could see that his eyes glowed red. I squeezed my body as close as I could to my end of the couch and away from the Demon. 

"Go away," I said weakly, knowing I couldn't force Him to do anything. 

"Shyla," He said sharply. "Listen to me. I know that you don't like what I did to you, but I am as bound as you are. I did not choose this. Help me gain my freedom from Mistress and I will be able to release you. You might even be able to save Leigh from a fate worse than death, but you need to pay attention."

I looked at Him. He was facing me now, His torso turned while His legs remained forward. He looked relaxed. One arm was reaching towards me over the back of the couch. Maybe this was just a dream, but if it wasn't this could be the only chance I had to do anything about my situation. 

"Tell me what Sarai is planning to do to Leigh, and I will consider Your offer. Wait. Why don't You just command me to do what You want?" I asked him. 

"Shyla, you know better. Think. I have bound your body using your energies, but I cannot take your mind or soul by such simple means. Here, in this dream to which I have called you, I cannot command you for the simple reason that you are not physically here." He gave me a condescending smile. I wanted to slap it off His face. I moved towards Him, and He simply looked at me. I slapped Him. 

My hand hit the couch. I growled at Him and moved back to my corner. 

"Fine. Then tell me the plan."

"You know that there are levels to the shop which Leigh owns which are not meant to be penetrated, by anyone, for any reason, yes?" He asked. I nodded. I knew as much about the shop as anyone not of Leigh's lineage could. 

"Only Leigh, or someone of her bloodline, can access those rooms, or allow anyone else access. It is a deep trust that has been placed upon them, and one that comes with certain protections. Killing Leigh would not allow anyone else entrance, for example. That would be a worthless endeavor. What Sarai plans is to steal Leigh's bloodline."

I laughed. 

"That's impossible. You can't steal someone's bloodline. It's absurd."

"To do so, one would need several difficult to obtain ingredients Shyla. One of them is a powerful demon, which Sarai already has. She has also created an emotional and physical bond with Leigh, another key ingredient. In fact, the main issue Sarai had was you. In order to take Leigh's bloodline upon herself, she needs to be the only emotional bond that Leigh has. As long as you were in the picture, Leigh would retain her bond to you."

"Sarai's going to kill her," I said flatly. 

"The ritual will end with Leigh's physical death, yes, but her soul will be bound to Sarai. Leigh's death will only be the beginning of her torment."

"If I free You from Sarai, then she won't be able to complete the ritual?" I looked at Him, trying to read in His glowing red eyes whether He told truth or not. 

"Without a demon, she cannot strip Leigh's bloodline," He said. 

Fuck. I believed Him. 

"How-" I began, when the dream faded. 

I woke up, still in my clichéd cell. There were more thuds at the door, but it didn't open. Instead, the food slot opened, and a tray was pushed inside timidly. As the slot began to close, I acted out of instinct. 

"Wait," I said, my voice still clogged with sleep. The slot hesitated mid-closure before being hurriedly shut and thuddingly re-bolted. So much for that idea. 

I got up and grabbed the tray, taking it back to my itchy pallet. One bowl of gruel, how I hated being right, and a larger vessel filled with water. There was no point in Sarai poisoning me, but I still tried to use my magic to check for contaminants. I had just enough energy to do it, and that pleased me, a minor victory. 

It was clean, though tasteless. The gruel as icy cold, and the water was fustily warm. I considered to myself that Sarai had devoted far too much time and effort into her cliché. Why? She didn't care to follow it to the letter, or she would have bragged to me about her evil plot to herself. Why then the uber-clichéd dungeon? 

Having eaten my gruel and drunk some of the water, I laid back on my pallet. I needed to dream again. I began to meditate, trying not to force it, but also hoping the Demon would call me back. 

He did. 

"You needed the food," He said to me from His end of the couch. I narrowed my eyes at Him. He sounded almost compassionate. 

"How can I help You?" I asked, as I had been meaning to before He had thrust me out of the dream. 

"Sarai has done a very thorough binding on me. I cannot break it without outside assistance. However, for whatever reason, she has neglected to forbid me strictly enough to prevent me from enlisting your aid Shyla." He shook His head, a baffled little gesture that made Him seem more human than demon to me. "She is curiously blind in some ways, following her tunnel vision to the only conclusion she allows herself to see.

"What I need from you, Shyla, is simple, though I fear it will be difficult for you. One thrust of power at a vulnerable place in the web she has woven about my powers, from the outside, will weaken the structure enough for me to break it. The difficult part is that you will have to touch me, physically, willingly and intimately."

His head had been down as He spoke, but with that last word He looked up and caught my eyes. Despite the red glow, I could see He was in pain at His entrapment, no less than I was. I tried to harden my heart against His pain. I couldn't exactly afford sympathy for the Demon, no matter His pain. He had raped me, trapped me. He had done it, not Sarai, though it was at her command. Or so He said. 

"Where is the vulnerable place?" I asked, keeping my voice as neutral as possible, as if I were asking where to find eggs in a grocery store. 

His body language grew agitated. His muscles tensed and He ran His hands down His legs before turning to face me again and then dropping His eyes. 

"Where's the last place you would want to touch me Shyla?" He asked, defeat coloring the trace of hope in His voice. 

"No," I said. "No, no, no, no... You can't be fucking serious!" I yelled. I jumped off the couch and tried to run away. It was too much for me to handle or think about; I just wanted to get away. 

But the misty edges of the room wouldn't let me. I turned to the Demon, fire in my eyes. 

"Let. Me. Out. Of. Here," I told Him. He eyed me coolly. 

"As you wish," he replied, his voice tight. 

I woke up in my cell. My body still ached with the pain of His penetration, and I curled up and hugged myself. I tried to control myself. If what He had said was true, if I weren't just hallucinating the dreams... I had to save Leigh. What was a moment of emotional pain and disgusting physical intimacy to her life and her soul? 

I began to cry. How could I have been so stupid as to be caught by Sarai's trap? What had possessed me to just spring the trap as if I were invincible? Because of my hubris, I was confined in a cell, recovering from a rape, while my soul-sister unknowingly took a dangerous woman into her bed and her heart. 

This was my fault. I had to fix it. 

First, I wanted to consider my options. Sure, the Demon was offering an alliance, and that might be the best thing for me, but I didn't want to just accept it. I had no way of knowing if it weren't just another piece of Sarai's plot, for Him to gain my trust and prevent me from exploring actual avenues of stopping her. In fact, I couldn't even trust that He was telling me the truth about her plans. For all I knew, she had what she wanted in capturing me and wasn't planning anything for Leigh. 

I was resolved. I wiped my eyes and nose and sat up on my pallet. I let myself fall into a light trance state and looked around my cell through eyes attuned to arcane energy. I was shocked at the lack I saw. 

My tendency would have been to reinforce each wall with a magical ward that would prevent escape, if I were the type to hold captives in such a manner. Sarai either didn't have energy to spare on such measures or was totally confident in the ability of stone and wood to keep me confined. Again, I was struck by how the entire set-up felt like a bad joke. 

Using my hands to examine the stone walls of my cell with physical and magical senses, I determined that Sarai had good reason to believe that these walls would confine me. I couldn't determine how thick the stone walls were, because my energy was too low to push through past six feet. The high ceiling was out as an escape route, and I was just able to sense that the barred window through which firelight seemed to shine was a dead end, as I had suspected. 

Next I examined the door. It was cool under my fingers, and hard as stone. Not as thick as the walls, but still a substantial barrier. There was no way to open the door from the inside, no latch that I could see or sense. I closed my eyes, trying to see what secured the door through the pitted wood. A bar of iron, simple and effective prevented the door from turning on its hinges. 

Given time, I might be able to enlist the silent person who had brought me food, but if the Demon were telling the truth, I didn't have the time that would take. I had been captured before and imprisoned, and I knew that time was my ally, waiting, watching, and learning before striking. I needed to know what was really happening with Leigh. Unfortunately my only conduit of fast information was unreliable and repugnant. 

I kicked the door in frustration, regretting it immediately when my toes began to add pain signals to my already stressed body. I examined the privy hole for escape possibilities, but it, too, was lined in thick stone. I emptied my bladder into it before going back to the pallet. 

I had to know what was happening to Leigh. I began to meditate, calling out to the Demon, asking for another dream. He granted it to me. 

"I don't trust you," I told Him. "I can't."

"But?" He prompted when I allowed the silence to stretch between us. "You are here. You called me."

"You lied to me," I accused Him, changing the subject abruptly. "If the bonds that You put on me were only physical, then I wouldn't be forced to think of You as Master. But I am. You have bound my mind as well and You lied about it. Why?"

He looked at me, perplexed, even aghast. He closed His eyes, and I recognized that He was using a light trance to trace energies as I had in my cell earlier. He opened His eyes shortly and began to shake His head. 

"I did not intend this Shyla. The only explanation I can offer is that I must have been overcome by pleasure when I was binding you, leading to a deeper bond that was required or meant. Since this was not mandated by Sarai, I can release it. To prove to you my sincere intentions of helping you help me, I shall."

Even in the dream world, my body reacted when He spoke of the binding. I felt disgust as I felt myself grow wet remembering His huge cock stretching me beyond myself. Yes it hurt, but it had also felt so good. Even if it was only the magic of the spell, still it was pleasure that my body remembered with an intensity that scared me. 

He closed His eyes again, and I fell out of the dream. 

Back in my cell, my aching body continued to express arousal even as my mind reeled. Maybe I could believe Him if He did as He said and released my mind. I lay on my pallet, waiting for Him to finish and then take me back to the dream. The aches receded from my awareness on a wave of sexual pleasure. My torn body became moist and my hips began to thrust unconsciously, filled with desire for penetration despite how painful that would be. 

The pain didn't matter, only the pleasure overtaking my sense and my senses. The pleasure built until my every nerve was alight with it. The orgasm was merely the highest point of pleasure, flowing over me in a gentle wave, cresting and engulfing my mind in blackness. 

I looked at the demon sitting on the other side of the couch in the misty-edged dream world. I no longer felt the mental chains that had so angered me. He was no master to me. And he was the only hope that I had to escape in a timely fashion. Now I had to find out what was happening to Leigh. 

"Thank you," I said. "Can you tell me what is happening to Leigh?"

"I can do better than that," he replied. He gestured at the mist in front of the couch. It parted like a theater curtain, giving us a view of Leigh's apartment above the shop. Leigh was pacing and drenched in sweat. 

"I need to find Shyla. I need. I need to. Shyla. What happened to Shyla? Sarai did something. Did Sarai do something? I need to find Shyla. She'll know what to do. Sarai will know."

Agitation was writ in every line of her body. Her voice was strained and raw. Tears began to fall down my face, but I didn't let myself break down. I had to see this. I had to determine if it was real. As if we were watching a movie, our view followed Leigh as she paced from the kitchen into the bedroom. 

Everything that I saw looked authentic. I could see the cobwebs in the corners and on the ceiling. Leigh never dusted her apartment unless someone made her. The books that she walked by, the knick-knacks on the side table, everything was as familiar to me as my own apartment. 

In the bedroom, Leigh continued to pace and talk to herself. 

"Where could Shyla have gone? Why was the bottle different? I know it was different in Shyla's apartment than in the shop. I went there. Where did I go? Shyla's. I need to find her."

Leigh stopped beside her nightstand and hugged herself fiercely for a moment before falling to the bed and reaching blindly for an object on the nightstand. She tore off her pants and panties mechanically before beginning to tease herself with what I saw was a giant dildo. 

She rubbed it up and down her slit, gathering juices that caused it to glisten. Turning it in her hand, she used the tip to rub the root of her clit, shuddering through a quick orgasm that nonetheless caused her to squirt. Leigh was moaning, but her eyes remained closed, and her motions seemed automatic, or possessed. 

She began to press the dildo inside herself, letting out a long low moan as it penetrated. A slow slide brought it halfway inside her. Then she began to fuck herself. 
