 Hello! This is my first attempt at Urban Fantasy erotica! Please rate and let me know what you think.

~~~~

I carefully fixed my lipstick in the window of a dark shop before slipping down a dark alley. At the door I withdrew the Emerald dagger from between my breasts and inserted it carefully into the lock. The tumblers inside clicked as they turned into place. The green glow of magic lit the word "mortal" on my right wrist as the door clicked open. I stepped through the doorway from the silent alley. The music in the club was a dark haunting melody paired with techno pop beats.

The effect was intoxicating, everywhere I looked red daggers glinted between breasts and below puncture marked throats. Wrists glow red, the word "immortal" marking most of the clubs patrons. Here and there a green glint could be seen, usually on some poor young girl, pale from too many feedings, eyes bloodshot with the euphoric effect of being fed on. These waifs didn't make many visits to the club before disappearing mysteriously. 

Lost souls rarely had anyone to care about their deaths. The vamps chose them for this quality exactly, to be fed on and disposed of like mere warmers for blood vessels. The regular patrons of the club glanced at me and then averted their eyes, they knew I was no waif to be drained and disposed of.

As I walked toward the bar, I felt a hundred eyes on me. Each patron drunk on the fae essence that Rana added to every drink couldn't help but stare as I crossed the room. I wore a sheer black button down over an satin bra the same color as the emerald dagger and "mortal" emblazoned on my wrist. A short pleated skirt stopped midway down my thigh where fishnets continued to meet my 4 inch stilettos.

My dirty blonde hair was loose around my shoulders, framing the shirt that was unbuttoned to my navel. I stood at the bar waiting for Rana's attention. Rana placed my usual order on the bar, a shot of fae essence and gin on the rocks. She winked at me and eyed the green glow between my breasts. "I always forget that you are mortal, Ash. The way you carry yourself tells me you are unafraid of death."

I took the shot of fae essence, swirling it around in my mouth the feel the tingling burn on my gums that indicated my body rapidly absorbing it. As the fae essence kicked in the lights seemed brighter, the music louder and my confidence grew as my heart started racing.

"I am immortal, Rana, in the only way that matters. Those who know me will never forget me."

I turned away from her, knowing her next words caught in her throat. Rana and I had shared my bed, she would always remember the mortal who took her innocence. As I sipped my gin I surveyed the club.

Several feet away standing at the bar with a look of frustration plastered on his face was a beautiful Daemon. He was shirtless, a red dagger hanging on his chest. Tight leather chaps stretched across his hips. The sharp planes of his body begged for me to trace them, the cuts on his hips guiding my eyes down to his member straining against the tight leather. His high cheekbones gave him a severe countenance. Sandy blonde hair covered the points at which two short horns protruded from his skull. Each one came to a razor sharp point about 3 inches from his head where they were starting to curl at the ends.

The start of curling intrigued me. I had heard that Daemon's horns curled only when they became lords. The lords had been the same for so long I was never sure if it was true, but this Daemonling in front of me proved it. He wore a crown that came to many sporadic, sharp points. Black gold glinted in the lights of the club dotted with bright rubies. This must be Reynauld, then, the Daemon that ascended when Patrecius was vanquished by the Archangel Rafael. Immortal did not always mean you'd live forever. 

I made my way down the bar, sidling up to the bar with the Daemon on my left. A faun sat on the stool on my right, his horns short and blunt, more like nubs than horns. He grunted like a goat as he sipped something bright fuschia. Reynauld cleared his throat and placed a balled fist on the bar in an attempt to get Rana's attention. Beautiful Rana all but ignored the Daemonling, Rana was pretty but she liked her girls prettier and had no use for Daemons.

I drained my gin and placed the empty glass on the bar. Rana approached immediately, her blue wings fluttering. She couldn't hide from me how much she wanted me even if her fluttering wings didn't give away her arousal. She placed another shot of Fae Essence on the bar with a gin on the rocks. I slid the Fae Essence over to Reynauld, as a mortal I would lose my wits after more than one shot of Fae Essence so close together, I had learned that lesson the hard way.

Rana leaned over the bar and winked, her green eyes twinkling, "Are you sure you don't want another shot, Ash? You're so much fun when you are full of fae."

I gestured to the Daemon, meeting his eye, "Rana, this is Reynauld, lord of the darkest reaches." Rana looked up and registered the slightly curling horns and black helm. Her wings fluttered to a stop as she realized who he was. Her face showed regret, she knew she may have offended one of the thirteen most powerful Daemons in the underworld.

"I-I-I'm sorry sir!" she stammered as she bowed at the waist. Her eyes travelled from the horns on his head to his red pupils surrounded by black irises. Below his nose were blood stained lips with teeth that came to sharp points pulled back into a haunting smile.

"What would you like, handsome?" Rana asked, clearly gathering her wits and trying to make up for her initial mistake.

He nodded toward my drink, "I'll have what she's having" As Rana whirled around to get him a drink he took the shot of fae essence, swirling it around his mouth, leaving his razor sharp teeth tinged slightly blue.

I smiled at him, "My name is Ash, I don't think we've met yet." I held out my hand to him. He took my palm gently in his and kissed the back of my hand. His teeth grazed my skin, sending shivers down my spine. His red pupils were quickly dilating as the shot took effect. Rana placed a drink down on the bar with a slight aquamarine glow. She had spiked his drink with essence.

He tried to hand her his card, but she waved him away. He took in the green glow of magic on my wrist and dagger and turned away, grabbing his drink off of the bar. He still held my hand, using it to guide me across the crowded club to a secluded booth behind a veil. As we sat down at the booth the pounding of the music lessened, magically quieting as we crossed the veil's threshold.

I slid into the booth and gestured at the seat next to me, inviting him to sit. "What brings you to the Night Mare tonight, Lord? I'm sure it is not the shots of Fae essence, there are many bartenders whose seed is stronger."

He looked at me, studying my pale skin and unmarred neck. "I might ask you the same, Ash. You don't look like a feeder. Why are you here among the bloodsuckers? I was under the impression that mortals always have an immortal escort to this club, and you appear to be here alone."

I inhaled deeply before replying, knowing I would need to choose my words carefully. "I've got a lifetime pass to the Night Mare, no matter how long or short my life may be. I did some favors for Roque a few years ago when some mortal government noticed the clubs existence here in the shadows. I used to have an escort, but he and I are no longer associating. Roque has banned him from the Night Mare and every other shadow club in the city. And as for being alone, I may have started my night alone, but I have every intention of ending it with you."

I could see that my brash statement caught him off guard. The newly crowned lord must not be used to the attention yet. A daemonling is nothing to anybody until they are given a crown. I drained the last of my drink and nodded for him to do the same. I was swaying to the distant sounding music, the fae essence in my blood wanted nothing more than to join the writhing mass of people on the dance floor. I stood, a little unsteady on my feet. He took my hand and I led him into the fray.

The music was pounding, the beat reverberating off of the walls. As we entered the mass of underworlders we had all eyes on us. He, for his curling horns, and me for the aura that I wore like armor, sensual and unyielding. I swayed to the beat, my hips gyrating, dancing alone in the crowd.

A young faeling with yellow wings and golden eyes stepped toward me, his wings fluttered and his hard cock was outlined in his tight gold spandex shorts. His bare chest bore swirling black tattoos, accentuating his natural chiseled Fae physique. Short blonde hair made a crest on his head, his antennae curling forward, moving and dancing to the beat.

As he stepped close enough to dance with me Reynauld spun me around to face him. Up until now he was just standing tapping his foot, watching me. I turned to face him, knowing that I had him ensnared. A succubus is near impossible to resist when the target has no idea they are being ensnared.

He gripped my hip and pulled me into him. The space between us evaporated until we were pressed together. His body was hot to the touch, as all daemons are. My breasts pressed into his chest, bouncing as we started to dance. We faced each other, he with one leg between mine, both of us totally enraptured in the moment. He took my hand and spun me, nestling my ass against his crotch. I could feel his hard cock pressed against me, he groaned as I gyrated against him.

The golden faeling still stood, looking crestfallen. Reynauld placed a possessive hand on my waist and moved us across the crowd until the faeling was out of sight. The crowd pressed in around us, but all I could see were his eyes. The red pupils were unnerving on first glance, there was a hunger there that I wasn't sure if I could feed. As I gazed up into his eyes he reached down and tilted my chin up. His lips met mine and they seemed to explode. His lips were fiery hot, leaving mine tingling. A forked tongue probed my mouth as I tried to keep my breathing steady. I probed his mouth and felt a sharp stab of pain and tasted blood. I had cut myself on one of his teeth.

I pulled away and he licked his lips, like most daemons, he was turned on by the taste of blood. I felt the fae essence tugging at the edge of my thoughts, bringing the bold actions to the surface and quelling the fears i carry. I kissed his collar bone next to the dagger, drawing a path with my lips to the button of his pants. I knelt before him in the middle of the press of bloodsuckers and fae. I unbuttoned his pants exposing his hard cock. I caught his eye and winked. I took his dick in my mouth and let it slide all the way into the back of my throat, deep throating him in one smooth motion. 

He placed his hand gently on the back of my head as I worked, in and out, tongue swirling around the head, guiding his gyrations to work with my motion instead of against it. I glanced up to see him not watching me, but rather studying Rana's jealous glare. "Interesting" I saw him mouth. He withdrew from my mouth and buttoned the black leather tight over his cock.

He took my hand and helped me to my feet. The stares of the fae around us was intoxicating and nerve racking all at once. The fae essence buzz was fading, I'd need more if I was going to keep up my bold nerve. As soon as I was steady on my feet I walked straight to the bar, catching Rana's eye. Reynauld trailed behind me, dazed.

"That was bold, Ash" Rana growled as I sat down at the bar, "laying claim to the new daemon lord in plain sight. You know how the daemonlings will feel about a mortal consort to their new ruler."

I shrugged, and glanced back to see Reynauld approaching. The faun from earlier was asleep at the bar on the stool next to me, snoring softly. Reynauld gently lifted the small man and carried him to the booth behind the veil. The faun snuggled into the back of the bench, deep in fuschia essence enhanced dreams. I was surprised his gesture of kindness. Daemons are not known for their consideration for other creatures.

He sat on the stool next to me, watching Rana buzz around behind the bar cleaning glasses and making new drinks. She fluttered over, wings moving so rapidly they lifted her slightly off of her feet. In front of us she set two shots of Fae essence, glowing teal in the club lights. She looked me in the eye and saw my pupils had returned to normal. She nudged the shot toward me. For everything, Rana knew me well. "Only if you drink with us Rana" I declared. She poured a shot of something green out of a flask on her hip and raised the glass in a toast.

"To new acquaintances and old friends." I intoned.

"To watching Ash go to work" Rana giggled.

"To... I don't know. What the hell." Reynauld said as he clinked our glasses and we tipped our heads back.

I swirled the fae essence around in my mouth, enjoying the tingling sensation. I glanced down at my wrist, a purple glow emanated from the timekeeping tattoo, 2:15am. They would be kicking us out soon, if the club stayed open any later it attracted too much attention. I winked at Rana and started my late night ritual. I gathered all of the glasses that had been left on tables and ledges and brought them to her at the bar. She knew on nights like this I expected her to leave with me and would do what I could to speed up the process.

Reynauld seemed confused but helped me collect the glasses, removing empty glasses from the hands of drunk patrons. As soon as all of the glasses were collected he drew me back into the crowd and we danced until they turned the lights on.

A changeling with flashing rainbow eyes stood next to the clubs only exit, letting the underworlders out a few at a time. No need to overwhelm the glamour that disguised the club and its patrons. Reynauld moved toward the door and I grabbed his hand and shook my head discreetly. We waited back as the club emptied. The changeling nodded in my direction and followed the rest of the patrons out, closing the door behind him.

We turned and sat back down at the bar. Rana tossed me a towel and i started drying the glasses and stacking them. Reynauld watched on, hope in his eyes. After helping Rana close up we walked to one of the walls where I pushed slightly and a lock popped out. I slid my dagger in and it lit up, the word mortal disappeared from my wrist as the door swung open. Reynauld looked down at his wrist as the red glow faded. I started up the steps, Rana followed and Reynauld trailed behind.

"Make sure you close the door behind you" I called back to him.

After the incident with my last consort, Roque had offered me the tiny storage room above the Night Mare, behind the locked door of the club was the only place I felt safe enough to sleep anymore.

At the top of the stairs i opened the door to my apartment. The space was small, but that's how I like to live. In one corner a kitchenette stood, completed by a small dining room table and chairs. In the opposite corner a large four-poster king sized bed stood. The sheets were teal, the comforter a satin black. From each post hung a restraint, with padded cuffs. On the wall hung a paddle and a cat o'nine tails. A tv hung on one wall with a futon facing it. One wall of the apartment consisted entirely of windows, the view of the river was beautiful tonight. The moon hung low in the sky, full and bright.

I left the lights off, allowing the three of us to be bathed in moonlight. I took each by the hand and led them to the futon. I sat between them, turning away from Reynauld to kiss Rana.

We kissed passionately, tongues darting in and out, biting lips and running our hands over each other. Rana and I had been together before, many times. We knew each other well. Her wings were fluttering rapidly, a dead giveaway of her excitement. Rana reached down and undid the last few buttons of my shirt, sliding the sheer black material off of my shoulders. My apartment was chilly, but the heat of the Daemon and Faeling on either side of me was more than enough to keep me warm.

Reynauld lean over and kissed my shoulder, pressing in behind me. His teeth grazed my skin, drawing parallel red lines on my skin. I knew with little effort he could leave bloody streaks, but for now he was being gentle. I didn't know how long that would last or if I was ready for him to let loose, but I'm sure I'd know when the time came.

He grabbed the collar of my shirt and helped me slide the sleeves off. His fingers grazed my spine as he studied the birthmark that ran down my spine. It was the color of a strawberry and to mortal eyes would appear merely a monochromatic tattoo. Starting at the base of my neck twisting and curving in an intricate dance down my spine to my tailbone curled a serpent.

It's head was wedge shaped and fangs curved down from it's upper lip. Its body was covered in tiny scales, rough to the touch. Each scale bore a slight shine that could only be seen from the corner of your eye. The serpent was the result of a curse place on succubi, the same curse that took away our immortality.

The kingdoms of old were ruled by men, and those men often had concubines. Always hungry for power we succubi would inevitably find our way into their harems, controlling their pleasure and through their pleasure controlling the kingdom around us. When the first Faeling rose to a mortal throne a succubi named Morrigan tricked him like she might any other man, ruling with ferocity through him.

Morrigan took too much from him and he ascertained her true nature. He thought it unfair and unacceptable that we succubi could hide our identities from the other Fae, when the other Fae could not. He used the last of the life force he had left to curse our kind. To mark us where it couldn't be hidden from a lover as the serpents he believed all succubi to be. To ensure that our nature could never be hidden again.

The tension in the room was palpable, Rana and I both held our breath as he traced my spine. My existence as one of the mortal Fae was no mystery to Rana. He unhooked the clasp on my bra, exposing the serpent in its entirety.

"This explains your access to the club, and why you enrapture me so." Reynauld muttered.

Rana sighed, "Is it so impossible that you enjoy the pleasure of her company?"

Reynauld took a moment to consider her statement. I turned back toward him, swallowing the lump in my throat. Anger flashed in his eyes. I could see he felt slighted. This night would end like so many before. With someone walking out of my apartment, probably never to return.

He stood, glaring at Rana. The heat radiating off his body was almost unbearable. "Do you help her bring many men up here? Do you help this viper trick men into her bed? You won't be the neck that turns my head." With that he stood and left, slamming the door behind him.

I blinked back the tears that I knew were coming. Rana gripped my hand, this wasn't the first time and I knew it wouldn't be the last, but it hurt just as sharply each time. Morrigan had damned her descendants to a life of this, of not knowing. Of never knowing if the people we found ourselves with wanted us for us or because they simply couldn't resist the draw of our succubi blood.

I found myself wishing for what must have been the hundredth time that I wasn't caught halfway between the Fae and the magicless, that I could belong to one world. In the realm of the magicless my Fae blood was so strong it overwhelmed. One encounter with a succubi would make a lifeless husk out of most non-Fae lovers. In the realm of the Fae my blood wasn't enough. I was a mortal among immortals, all of whom had been told bedtime stories about the serpentine succubi. The women who would never love, would never want anything more than your life force. We succubi were the creatures of Fae nightmares, the demons in the dreams of Daemons.
