 Aznar springs his trap

Aznar, once more chained to the wall, wondered how long he'd have to wait. The answer turned out to be about an hour. He smiled into the dim dungeon as he heard the door at the far end of the hall swing open and then slam shut. The heavy tread of Ormgard's huge booted feet echoed in the hall, hurrying towards his cell.

"Well, well, well," she said, brightly. She bore a large tray laden with four bowls of thick lentil stew and a loaf of coarse dark bread. She set this down on the table and then, arms akimbo, surveyed her charges. "Nearly feeding time, I reckon. You must be feelin' a little hungry, eh Aznar? After all that upstairs?" She gripped the bars and leaned in close, leering at the shackled man before her. "Or maybe you're hungry for something else first, hmm?" She thrust her hips against the bars, and Aznar noticed that there was a shape behind the cloth of her skirt, tenting the fabric. He looked up at her quizzically, and she grinned down at him. "How about it?"

"I think," laughed Aznar, thrusting his hips forward to display his cock, "you're the one who looks hungry up, Mistress of the Keys." She chuckled and nodded.

"Yeah, I'll admit, watching that elemental fuck that tight little ass of yours got me a bit worked up," she reached down and fondled the shape deforming the front of her skirt. "I love to see a man get his ass fucked." She thrust the key into the lock of his cell and stepped inside. "Love to fuck a man's ass, for that matter," she said, undoing the belt of her skirt. "So I went up to my room and got you a little treat, slut." She tossed her skirt aside, and Aznar grinned.

Below her skirt was a harness of leather straps and steel catches, and protruding from her groin was a heavy strap-on dildo, hardened leather finely stitched and with a steel rod in the center. It was a match for his own cock in terms of girth and length, though it looked almost delicate on Ormgard's powerful frame. She grinned down at him, running her hand over the dildo.

"Whaddya think, slut?" He looked up into her eyes.

"Give me that cock," he growled. With a howl of pleasure, she surged forward and slid the dildo into his willing mouth.

"Yeah, suck it," she moaned, gripping his hair and thrusting the false cock forward. "Goddammit, I love turning you tight little muscle bitches into my personal sluts! Yeah, make you all beg for it, make you beg for my cock!" She laughed. "Fucked a lot of horny little bitches in my time, but you're the hungriest little cock slut I think I've seen, Aznar." He spat out her cock and stared up into her eyes. 

"I'm your bitch," he growled, licking the length of the strap-on. "I'll do anything for your cock, Ormgard, anything for your hot, powerful cock." She laughed and slapped his face lightly with the dildo.

"Little bitch wants my cock?" she hissed. "Where do you want my cock, huh?"

"I want it in my ass!" he moaned, sucking hard on the leather cock before him. "I want you to fuck me in my ass!" He bobbed his head on the dildo, felt her tighten her grip on his hair.

"Fuck yes," she moaned. "Watching you get fucked by Amblach's water elemental got me fucking hot. Loved watching you get bent over and fucked! Loved how you gave it up, love how you made it fuck that tight little ass of yours."

"I love to get fucked in the ass," he growled up at her. "Love to feel a hard cock in me, pounding me, making me moan!"

"Bet you give it up to everyone, don't you, slut? Bet you beg every man you meet to fuck that tight, hard little ass of yours?"

"Yes!" he gasped. "I'm a slut for cocks! I'll bend over for anyone! I give my ass to anyone that asks!"

"Bet you wanted Amblach to fuck you in the Chamber, didn't you?" she said, hissing the name. "I saw the way you looked at him, and the way he looked at you. He wanted to plow your ass right there, just fuck the shit out of you right there on the floor!" She grunted and rubbed the fake cock across Anzar's lips. "I half expected to get down here and find him already balls deep in that tight little ass of yours already!"

"I'm a slut," growled Anzar, straining against his chains as he licked the dildo's leather head. "And I need cock! Are you gonna give it to me, or what?" Laughing, she gripped his shoulders and roughly flipped him over onto his stomach. The chains rattled as he crossed his arms one over another to accommodate his new position. He scooted back towards Ormgard, raising his muscular ass up off the stone floor.

"Nice ass," she growled, gripping his taut cheeks in her hands, enjoying the heavy power of his muscles. They were round and well dimpled. On the giving end of a fuck, they ensured that Aznar's cock could pound forward, hard and fast - and on a receiving end, she chuckled, well, she couldn't wait to feel that hard ass tucked tight against her hips.

"Come on, come on," Aznar groaned, wiggling and thrusting. 

"Such a slut," she laughed, reaching for her discarded skirt. She withdrew a small vial of cooking oil and poured it into her hands. She stroked the strap-on lovingly, making the leather glisten. She ran her oily hands down his muscular back, snarling with pleasure at the gleaming ridges of his dark skin, then traced a line to his asshole, sliding a finger into it. Aznar groaned in pleasure. She lined her cock up with his hole, the head just against his opening. She grabbed his throat and yanked him backwards.

"You know what I want to hear," she hissed. He turned to look her in the eye.

"Take my ass," he growled. She pushed him down against the ground, placed one huge hand on his back while gripping his waist with her other, and slid her cock home in a single, slow push.

"Oh, fucking God, yes," moaned Aznar, his eyes rolling back into his head. "Fucking take me, Ormgard."

Her body was a machine, powerful, unstoppable, relentless. Her impressive physique gave her a precise power that she smoothly applied to the muscular man beneath her. She rolled her hips as she worked his ass, pumping the strap-on into him with even, steady strokes. The dildo was well-oiled, and Aznar was obviously experienced; a few test pushes, and she was soon pumping steadily and deeply into the moaning, growling man. 

"Fucking hot," she hissed, watching his body tensing as she plowed him. His powerful shoulders stood out like boulders as he pushed himself back onto the cock, grunting with pleasure, seeking to pull it deeper into his ass.

"Need that fucking cock, Ormgard," he panted. "Need it in my ass!"

"Yeah you fucking do!" she laughed, running her hands forward to grip his shoulders. "You're a slut, and what a slut needs is a good, hard, fucking!" She pistoned into him, making his whole body shake with the force of her thrusts. She threw her head back and howled. "Fucking own you, slut! Your ass is mine!"

"My ass is yours!" he yelped.

"Say it again!" She slapped his muscular ass, relishing its firm jiggle under her palm as she thrust her cock forward into him.

"I'm your fuck slut! My ass is yours!"

"But," said a voice from the hall, "she's going to share, aren't you, Ormgard?"

Without stopping, both of them turned to see who had spoken. Amblach, his robe open and his cock out, stood in the doorway, his eyes glowing with their own infernal light. Still thrusting, Ormgard laughed.

"Wondered when you were going to show up, wizard!" She slapped Aznar's ass, then reached under him to stroke his hard cock. "Shouldn't you be playing in your lab, running those tests her Ladyship wants done?"

"The titration takes some time," he said, licking his lips at the scene before him, amazed and aroused. The powerful body of Aznar had yielded completely to the giant woman's strength - her strap-on was deep in his ass, making him moan and mewl. Sweat and oil glistened on his muscles. Amblach the wizard gripped his cock and sighed with pleasure.

"Well, whatever," she said, grabbing Aznar's throat and pulling him backwards in a tight arc, his arms straining against the chains. "Play with one of the others; he's mine now," she said, leaning forward and kissing his deeply, tongue fucking his mouth with the same vigor she was applying to his ass. Amblach moaned at the sight.

"I want something new," he hissed. "I want him!" He stepped into the cell, throwing his robes into a corner. His frame was lean and pale, the sinewy body of an ascetic, but his cock was proud and erect in his fist. "You owe me, Ormgard," he said, a hint of menace in his voice.

"Ugh," she said, rolling her eyes. "Fine! You can have his ass when I'm done with it!" She rammed her cock forward. "This slut'll still want some, even after I've fucked him silly, won't you slut!"

"Yesss," Aznar hissed. He looked over his shoulder and into the wizard's silver eyes, pouring all the smoldering desire and need he could muster into his gaze. Amblach bared his teeth in a grimace of frustrated lust, squeezing his pale cock hard in his fist. Aznar could see the need in the thin wizard's face and quivering body. He grinned.

"She's fucking my ass," he grunted, "but I can suck your cock!"

"What a slut!" laughed Ormgard, playing with his balls as she fucked him. Amblach scrambled forward and placed a hand under Aznar's chin, lifting his head back. "Just don't send him to sleep with your knock-out come," she barked. "I need him awake, for a while at least! Little fucker eats pussy like a champ!"

"My discipline is iron-clad," muttered the Wizard, sliding his cock into Aznar's hungry, wet mouth. He moaned as he felt the barbarian's lips engulf him. "Such a mouth! Made to suck cock!" he sighed, throwing his head back in ecstasy.

Aznar licked the wizard's cock eagerly, tickling the head with his tongue, squeezing the shaft with his lips. He bobbed his head rapidly up and down, all while the wizard ran his thin hands over his muscular back, pawing at his firm shoulders and the ridged hardness of his arms. He was moving slightly, short quick thrusts of his cock into the barbarian's warm mouth. Aznar heard his breath quickening, felt his body quivering. The wizard might've had discipline, but he was in the throes of a deep need to fuck, to come. Aznar redoubled his efforts on his cock.

"Yeah, look at him go," moaned Ormgard, running her nails down the back of his muscular thighs. "He's a fuckin' natural! Born to be a fuck toy!" She cackled and gripped his waist, rolling her strap-op into his ass. "Suck that cock, slut!"

"Ah, suck it," moaned Amblach. "Suck that cock, you fucking slut! You fucking cocksucking little slut! Yes! I knew you were a slut, knew it before you even got that glorious cock out when first we met!" He hissed the words from his between his clenched teeth. "That cock! That wonderful cock!" He reached beneath Aznar and gripped his girthy cock in his hot hand. "Need to taste your cock too, lift up," he moaned. Aznar propped himself up on his hands and knees. The wizard pulled his own cock from Aznar's mouth, puffing his breath out. "Fucking amazing mouth," he mumbled, then slid under Aznar's body, running his hands along his chest, licking his abs as he slipped beneath him. 

"How's the view?" sneered Ormgard, thrusting harder into Aznar.

"Amazing," mumbled the Wizard. The leather cock was sliding smoothly into Aznar's ass, a sight that sent a thrill down the wizard's own dick. He took Aznar's thick cock into his own mouth and began sucking. Aznar moaned, and then resumed blowing the wizard's cock.

"Yeah, suck those cocks boys," groaned Ormgard, pumping away as they 69'd beneath her. "Fuck his mouth Aznar! Fuck that wizard's slutty mouth! He loves to get his mouth fucked! I've seen him sucking guard cock in the stairwell, demon cock ramming his throat! He fucking loves it!"

Whether it was true or not, Aznar had to admit that the wizard knew what he was doing, his tongue dancing across the cock in his mouth, his mouth a tight, hot seal. If the barbarian had been looking to come, he could've easily done it then and there, the strap-on sending shivering waves of pleasure through him, his cock wrapped in a hot wet mouth. He gave a few preparatory pumps of his hips, but pulled himself back from the brink just in time.

"Mph," he moaned, spitting the wizard's cock out of his mouth. He turned to look over his shoulder and, ignoring the incessant thrusting of Amblach's pelvis beneath his face, shot a hungry look at Ormgard. "I wanna ride that cock," he pleaded, his voice husky with lust. "Please, let me ride your cock!"

"He can ride mine!" cried the Wizard beneath him.

"Shaddup," barked Ormgard. "He wants my cock!" she said, winking at Aznar. "Get out from under there!" 

There was a sweaty scramble as they tried to rearrange themselves, Amblach, hopping from side to side, his cock painfully hard and throbbing, whined and whimpered for the action to begin again. But Ormgard couldn't get beneath Aznar, not comfortably - her powerful frame was too large, and the chains that held him to the wall were too tight.

"Just unshackle him already," hissed Amblach, his face red and frustrated. He needed to fuck, and the sight of Anzar's beautiful body, sweaty and glistening, was driving him mad with lust.

"Don't be an idiot," growled Ormgard. The frustration in her voice was real, though. She loved to lay back and watch a man lose his mind on her cock, surrendering himself entirely to her. The thought of this powerful warrior, his hard body straining to fuck himself as hard as possible on her strap-on, was an intoxicating vision in her mind's eye.

"Just one, then," panted Aznar. "Just undo my right arm, then I can at least move to the side and you can get under me!" He leaned forward and ran his tongue over Ormgard's strong neck. "Please?" he whined. "I need to ride that cock." His tongue lolled out of his mouth as he gazed longingly up into the woman's eyes. She hesitated, then spat a curse.

"Fine," she said, "just the one, though." She grabbed his face in a huge paw and stared hard at him. "And no funny business, understand." He nodded his eager ascent. She reached for her skirt and brought out the key ring. There was the snap of a lock, and his right arm was suddenly free. She quickly tossed the keys back into the corner, but Aznar made no move for them. Rather, he lunged for her body, running his newly freed hand over her powerful muscles.

"So fucking hot," he moaned, licking her bicep as he squeezed her rock hard thighs. "So powerful!"

"Yeah, that's it," she said, cradling his head against her chest as he sucked her small, hard breasts. "How's that body feel, slut? You like it?" He nodded and moaned, dragging his hand across her abs and around her back to grab her powerful ass. The dildo was crushed between them, sliding against his own hot cock as he ground himself into her. Amblach moaned as they writhed together.

"Ride her cock," he begged. Aznar grinned and, with his new found freedom of movement, stood up, bent but erect, as Ormgard slid below him. He turned to face the wizard, his left arm still drawn back by the chain attached to the wall.

"Fuck yeah," she said, marveling at the sight of the powerful man using his free hand to guide the dildo into him as he sat down onto it in reverse cow-girl. His broad back tapered to a thin waist, and the globes of his ass were perched atop her abs. The sight drove her wild with lust, and she gripped his body as he began to slide up and down on the dildo.

"Love to ride cock," he moaned, leaning back, Ormgard's hands running lustily over his body, pulling him onto her. "Love to feel a cock in my ass."

"Fucking ride me, slut," she growled.

"So hot," moaned Amblach. "So fucking hot."

"She made me her slut," said Aznar, licking his lips and half-closing his eyes. "She's so strong, and so powerful!" Ormgard growled with pleasure beneath him. Amblach stroked his cock harder.

"She broke you, didn't she?" he hissed.

"Yesss," moaned Aznar.

"A proud, hard warrior, powerful body," the wizard rambled. "And she made you a slut, made you her whore!"

"I'm her whore," he moaned back. Amblach's pace increased, his cock pulsing in his hand. He loved to watch Ormgard turn their prisoners into sex-crazed pleasure dolls, loved to see her take them and make them hers, but never before had he seen such a perfect specimen, such a beautiful man, surrender so fully, and so rapidly. 

"You're a fucking slut," he spat, his voice dripping with lust and hunger. He stepped closer. "You're our slut!"

"Yesss," he moaned in response. "Use me!" he suddenly barked, snapping his head forward. He rolled his ass against the dildo, legs and abs pumping as he fucked himself silly. His body shone with sweat, his muscles taut and hard in the lamplight. "Use my fucking body!" He shouted, his voice savage and demanding. "It's yours! Fuck me every day! Fuck me however you want! Use my ass, use my mouth, make me beg you for your cock!"

"Hell's fire," moaned the wizard. His hand darted out and gripped Aznar's own rigid cock, flopping obscenely as he fucked himself hard on Ormgard's cock. 

"Fuck," cackled Ormgard, "he's fucking gagging for it!"

"Yeah I am," screamed Aznar, tossing his head side to side. "I'm your slut, you little hard body cock whore! I need it! I want it!" He grinned madly at Amblach, and nodded his head. "Rub my cock! Rub my cock with your cock!"

"Fuck yes," panted Amblach, stepping forward, his thin body dwarfed by the two pairs of muscular thighs he stood between. He leaned in on tiptoe, placing his cock against the heavy hotness of Aznar's dick. He circled them with his two hands, squeezing them together, feeling their molten heaviness in his hands. He could feel Aznar's pulse in his cock, and it made him catch his breath. Why had he never done this before! Two cocks, pressed close, sliding against one another. He moaned and began to jack them, mesmerized by the sight.

"Look at those cocks," hissed Aznar. "Squeeze them together, that's right, harder, harder damn you! Fucking tight! Yeah, like that! Spit on them!" Amblach spat, the slickness making them run faster in his hands. "Fuck yeah, fucking rub those cocks! Fuck! Look at that!" he gasped.

"I want to see," said Ormgard, wriggling to the side. Aznar obliged her, leaning far to his right. He was still bobbing his ass on her cock, and Amblach had finally gotten his pacing right, stroking downward on the two close-together cocks in his hands as Aznar pumped upwards. "Goddamn," moaned Ormgard. It was an incredibly hot sight, the two men losing themselves to passion like that.

"Yeah, you like that?" moaned Aznar. "Feel that cock against yours, Amblach? Feel how hard it is!" He suddenly whimpered and moaned. "Look at it. Look at how you're holding our cocks together! Squeezed tight in your hands!" Amblach's own hips were thrashing now, the sensation of his cock rubbing against another hard cock driving him wild. 

"Faster!" barked Ormgard, entranced by the sight.

"Fuck my cock!" spat Aznar, hot and angry now. "Fuck my cock like you mean it! Fuck my slut cock! Fucking grip that cock until I pump all my hot come out onto your cock! Gonna cover your hot cock with my come! Gonna fucking spray it!" He groaned and thrashed and moaned. "Gonna fucking pump all my come onto your hands and face!"

Then, he felt it, felt Amblach's cock pulse, a sudden, hot, hard spasm against his own cock. 

The wizard made a choking sound, throwing his head back and closing his eyes, his whole body tensing sharply. Amblach the wizard was coming.

"Hey, fuck, watch it - " said Ormgard, realizing what was about to happen.

Aznar snapped into action. He twisted his body to the side, his cock slipping out of Amblach's sweaty grasp, the dildo popping out of his ass. With his one hand freed, he could twist and roll off Ormgard and onto the hard stone floor next to her.
