 He was right about Sarai. I didn't know how much time had actually passed, but I only got one more serving of gruel and water before she swept into my cell, demon in tow as before. When I heard the door I stood, ready to follow the script I'd decided on for myself as I waited. 

"Do whatever you want with me, but leave Leigh out of it," I told her. I didn't want her to realize that I knew her plan was more about Leigh than me. I wanted her to be smug and confident in my ignorance. 

"Oh, I certainly intend on doing what I please with you Shyla, but you're in no position to bargain about the fate of the delectable Leigh, are you? You are here, and she, well, presumably she's at home. Asmodeus, hold her."

"Yes Mistress," the demon replied in that otherworldly voice, so unlike the way he spoke in our dreams. I was having a hard time reconciling his current shape with the man I had dealt with in the dream. But I had no other hope, no other choice. My body was no longer my own. I couldn't even twitch. I did blink, but I couldn't do it by choice. 

"Now," Sarai said, "what shall we do with her first? She must be starting to heal from your first treatment of her."

She was wearing a black cloak which swayed about her as she sashayed over to me, touching my body possessively and giving my breasts little slaps as she spoke. 

"She fears me Mistress. If you allow me to fuck her, forcing her to enjoy it, you will then be free to feed on her despair."

She glanced at him, and I gave brief thanks that my face could not betray my terrified reaction to his words. I knew now at least one thing that he hadn't told me. Somehow Sarai was an aponoiaphage. That explained why I hadn't felt magic the few times I had met Sarai when Leigh started dating her. She needed to feed on despair to gain her power; I wouldn't have been able to sense anything unless she had recently fed. 

"Bring her to the torture chamber," she continued, patting my cheek and stalking out of my cell. I found myself following complacently in the demon's wake, a consistent distance behind his tail. 

The torture chamber was as predictable as the cell had been, at least, what I was able to see around the demon's form. I couldn't glance around. I did see a rack out of the corner of my eye, and a glowing brazier that made me want to shiver in fear. 

Preventing me from physically expressing my emotions would concentrate them for Sarai, allowing her to get a more thorough feeding. I hated her for that, but I knew that the demon would follow through with our plan in the hopes of being freed. I prepared the small bolt of energy that would destroy her control over him, concealing it in my mouth. 

"Put her on the table," Sarai said. I found my body face down on a gynecological table, complete with stirrups. I was perfectly positioned for an exam in fact, which Sarai proceeded to mockingly conduct. 

"Let's see how you're healing dear Shyla."

The table was flat, so I couldn't see her, but I felt her fingers spreading and probing my flesh. 

"Healed? You healed it?" her voice shook with rage. I wanted to grin. All that sleep had allowed my body to heal itself. I could feel her anger burning in the ether, but it was quickly shut down. 

"Oh, no, this will not do. This will not do at all." Her voice had become saccharin and cooing, a parody of a fairy tale princess. "Asmodeous," she sang out, "You are going to fuck this cunt bloody, making her body enjoy every moment, and then you may cum down her throat."

The despair that swept through my mind was not feigned. This was not the plan. He had his orders and I could feel my body growing aroused. I hated it, but there was nothing I could do. I caught a glimpse of Sarai's face as she moved from between to my legs to near my head. 

"Yes, that's delicious Shyla. I'm going to use this power to continue binding Leigh to me. It might still have your flavor. Do you think she'll notice?"

I couldn't see anything but the shadow covered ceiling. Sarai's hands caressed my face, furthering my mental disgust. But my body felt only an ever-increasing pleasure. My pussy grew wetter and wetter. I could feel my body opening, eagerly anticipating its imminent penetration. 

When the demon began to rub his huge cock against me, my body wriggled against its roughness. I wanted to cry even as the first orgasm rippled through me. I couldn't stand that Sarai was feeding on my emotions and I couldn't stop her. I couldn't control myself even to starve her. 

The bolt of energy was forgotten as soon as his cock began to force its way inside me. Even with all the arousal, orgasms and wetness, it was too large to enter my body easily. The first few movements were tentative, as if he were trying to ease his way inside me, but Sarai spoiled any compassion he might have been trying to exercise. 

"Fuck her. Shove that cock inside her. Make the pain like pleasure."

He did. My hips rose to meet his thrust as he literally tore his way inside me. I orgasmed from the pain of it; I orgasmed from how his cock filled me. However, the pleasure was only physical. My mind was in agony, and I could feel Sarai sucking at my unhappiness. 

"That's it. Harder. Ruin that cunt. Break her." Her voice was strangely calm, almost dreamy.

The demon continued to thrust himself inside me. I continued to orgasm, even though I could feel that he had torn muscles inside me. The pleasure was overwhelming and beginning to drown my mind. 

"Now, in her mouth, she's getting used to the fucking," Sarai's voice broke through my mental fog. I hurriedly readied the bolt. 

His cock stopped thrusting, and withdrew. My body began to ache, not with pain, but with the lack of what had filled it so well. He came into my sight as he straddled the table and my body and walking forward. My head tilted up to better accommodate him and my mouth fell open. I heard Sarai gasp with pleasure when I saw how much blood was on his cock. 

It quivered as he pushed closer and closer to my mouth. He began to spurt just before it entered me, just before I sensed that fragile spot in his bonds, just before I loosed the bolt. 

An unheard crack, a flash, a clap of darkness; I couldn't see anything, hear anything, but something happened, and everyone knew it. 

My body was my own again, as the last of the demon's cum spilled over my chin. 

"No. No. You're mine. You're mine!" Sarai's voice began in a whisper and grew to a scream. 

"No," the demon rumbled. "You're mine."

Her scream was cut off abruptly. 

"Her keys are in her purse, by the door. Go."

Freed from all constraints, I recklessly drew energy from the first source I reached to heal myself enough to go to Leigh. I saw the purse sitting incongruously against the rough stone wall. I snatched it and single-mindedly found my way outside. 

It was dark outside, but Sarai's car was easy to find. I hopped inside and drove to the shop as fast as I could. I knew that the longer Leigh was bound, the harder it would be to bring her back. 

I parked and ran up the back stairs, using magic to break through the wards and locks in a heartbeat. I went directly to the bedroom, where I found Leigh passed out on the bed as I had seen her in the demon's vision. My face curled into a sneer when I saw the dildo still buried inside her still form. I took it in my hand and tossed it aside before attending to Leigh. 

I laid my hands on her head and closed my eyes to get a better look at how the compulsions were laid upon her. Angry red lines seemed to form a leash around her throat that connected to her vagina. I picked them apart as fast as I could, prying them to pieces with my own power. 

When the last one was destroyed Leigh shuddered. I pushed her deeper into sleep to give myself time to prepare. 

I prepared a hot bath, with healing essence and then took Leigh's sweat-sodden clothing off of her. I realized at that moment that I had completely forgotten about my own nudity and began to laugh. With a smile on my face I picked up the sister of my soul and carried her into the bath, stepping in myself to support her as I drew her gently out of sleep. 

"S-s-sarai?" Leigh whispered as she woke. 

"No, it's Shyla," I told her. Her small body snuggled into mine. 

"I missed you Shyla. Where's Sarai?" 

"Later sweetie," I told her, knowing I had a whole lot of unpleasant explaining to do.

Epilogue

I moved in with Leigh for six weeks. She needed the support, and, frankly, so did I. Leigh blamed herself for not seeing Sarai for what she really was. I knew it would be a long time before Leigh let anyone else into her heart. 

When I first went back to the dungeon, I found no trace of Sarai. I did find my gruel server, a young girl named Dee. She had been born a latent phage, but had no idea of her powers until Sarai used dark magic to subvert them for her own use. Now that they were awakened, she needed training. I had brought her to friends of my mother, and she was progressing. 

I spent a weekend destroying the dungeon. I can't say I didn't enjoy that particular clean-up task. 

It was my first day back in my own apartment that I received a visitor. 

He knocked politely, and I opened the door not knowing what to expect. I saw a man. My body reacted with a tug of arousal before my eyes recognized him. The brown hair, the trim build, the face... and the eyes hidden by sunglasses in the dim hallway. 

"You," I said. 

"Hello Shyla," he replied. "I know that I have no real right to ask this of you, but I had to know if there would ever be a way that you might have a demon for a friend. Is there a way?" He sounded sincere. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

"You raped me. Twice. What the fuck are you doing here?" I asked calmly. 

"Please Shyla. Just tell me if there's a way."

I wavered. He had kept our deal. He hadn't raped me of his own volition anymore than I had enjoyed it of mine. My face twitched with conflicting emotions. 

"Maybe," I said curtly before shutting the door in his face and stalking back into my apartment. 

I paced for a minute. My mind was in conflict, but my body knew exactly what it wanted. I went back to the door and opened it. He was still standing there. 

"Come in," I said. 

"Thank you Shyla," he said, smiling and taking off his sunglasses. His eyes were blue.