 Looking out of the window, he searched the distant stars. Night had been coming earlier as of late, or was it his anxiety that shortened the life of the sun. Two weeks? Three? How long had it been since it all had began? He shook his head, trying to quell the fear that was creeping through his body like a poison. But what was he afraid of? Was it shame? Was it Pain? Or was it the knowledge that he seemed powerless to stop it?

Years of study and work had helped him grow into a strong man. Both fit in mind and body, he was amongst the most powerful of the kingdoms mages. His rank afforded him wealth and privilege. It opened doors, and gained him the attention of people of influence. It also gained him her attention.

He brushed the window with his hand, a faint blue glow signaling that the magical ward guarding the window was in place. No creature would violate his rooms. With a sigh, he moved over toward a chair, and sat heavily at his desk. He contemplated his journal as it sat opened before him. How little he had written in the past few weeks, and how there was so much to write. He started to pick up his quill, but stopped, and closed the book instead.

"Ethan Kain-A Life", read the gold etched leather book. All counsel mages kept a journal, so that others could learn from their experiences. Ethan stood, shoving his chair underneath the desk. His journal didn't need the inclusion of his current events. With a sigh, he extinguished the candles that lit his room, and then settled into his bed. Enfolded in slick satin sheets, he laid his head down upon the soft pillow.

Sleep came quickly, despite his troubled mind. Through the hours, he tossed in his sleep, shedding the now confining sheets. Sprawled amidst the tangled sheets, he slept fitfully.

With a start, his eyes fluttered open. The room was shrouded in mist, a deep chill setting into his bones. Ethan looked about the room, the blue light from the window's ward casting a dim glow through the mist. No sound or movement heralded her arrival, but he felt her presence. She came out of the mist, as a specter in a fairy tale, told to frighten children.

As silent as the mist that clung to her, she moved toward him. Her lips were full and as red as blood and beckoned him. As always, he felt as if he were in a dream, yet his senses told him otherwise. Her form was voluptuous. Her breasts firm and round, swayed seductively with her movements. Her hair, black as coal cascaded down her back, allowing the barest glimpse of leathery wingtips. Long nails, sharp as an eagle's talons pricked his skin, slowly dragging in a light caress. His heart beat like a blacksmith's hammer, as she drew the robes from him. He cold air startled him, only for his senses to be soothed at the touch of her heated skin. 

Pliable and warm, her body molded to his, the sweet scent of cloves filling his nose. Ethan struggled with himself, knowing that he must resist her. With all of his will he struggled, but was not strong enough. His hands moved beyond his control and his fingers roaming over her soft skin. She moved against him, seeming to be all around him at once.

She pushed him down upon his back, his body offering no resistance. Her pink tongue ran against her lips as she slid down his body. Her breasts cradled his manhood, already aroused from her touches. His hips thrust forward as she lowered herself, his member catching between her soft lips. With a smirk, she ran her tongue against his flesh, wrapping it almost completely around the head of his cock. Ethan gave a slight moan, as her tongue snaked around his excited member.

His hands ran through her hair, as her mouth engulfed him in an inferno of pleasure. He growled as she stroked him, squeezing his cock, while her nails danced against his tightening balls. Her mouth excited him like no others, drawing him to the brink of release. She sensed his approaching climax, and freed his throbbing member from its most welcome prison.

"Not yet my pet" she said melodically laughing.

Ethan's hands grasped the sheets in frustration, causing him to force himself calm. His control was rewarded, as she twisted around, straddling his body. Her warm thighs caressed his cheeks as she pressed her sex to his eager lips. As a man dying from thirst and given water, his mouth fastened to her already wet sex. Ethan's tongue slipped inside of her, a heavy flow of sticky fluid running down to his hungry mouth. He was immersed in her scent and taste, only eliciting a muffled groan as her mouth enveloped him once again.

She took him fully between her lips, and swallowed him. Her actions spurred him on harder, his tongue driving deeply into her sticky sex. The demoness's hips swiveled as she thrust down upon his tongue, another heavy gush of fluid coating his lips. Her body was like a drug, feeding him what he had become addicted to.

She stroked his cock with her hand, her lips pulling away with a slick popping sound. 

"Am I not the taste you crave mage?" she asked him, her hand pumping him harder. His only response was to press his face harder into her sex, his tongue rapidly lolling through her sweet folds. Sitting back, she thrust herself against his face, grinding her sex into his mouth. Ethan tongued her frantically, short on breath, but not caring. He knew what was happening, and he yearned for it. His mouth filled quickly with her sticky fluids, the lemony taste of her mating cream overwhelming him. He drank much, only a small trickle escaping his lips as she wriggled against him.

Her legs tightened about him and he knew she was climaxing. She hissed, and lurched her hips wildly, a deluge of her fluids bathing his lips, and spattering his face. He held onto the globes of her ass as she shook, his cock twitching in her hand. As her climax calmed, she plunged her mouth around his cock, sucking his engorged member with impossible vigor.

Ethan's hips flew from the bed as his overwhelmed cock shot a thick stream of jism into her hot mouth. The demoness sucked harder, drawing spurt after spurt from his overloaded body. She continued to suckle his cock, drawing the last drops of essence from him with a shudder. Her sex sat open above his mouth, a thick stream of fluid flowing down over his lips.

Ethan moaned, his hunger for her still not sated. She slipped slowly down his body, leaving a sticky trail down his chest and cock. His last sight for the night was the demoness's backside, her tail swishing from side to side.

"Rest well Mage," she said as she disappeared into the mist. "I will return for you tomorrow."

************************

To be continued?

Please leave feedback. Do you like the story so far? What's good, and whats bad?