 Fearing for Katnissa's life, Aablar has been talked into giving himself up to the pursuing Amazon by a strange apparition. He has fallen into the hands of the ruthless Elizabetha Warren and her elite team of dominesses. Even as the Amazon rejoice, Katnissa finds herself unable to join in the celebrations wholeheartedly. In the meantime, Princess Fiona uses the Aablar incident to good advantage in the election campaign to succeed Queen Vanessa.

* * * * * * * * * *

1. Parting her red ceremonial robes, Fiona plumped her breasts through her tight-fitting red bustier. Then adjusting the silver chain around her waist so her short ceremonial sword hung just so, she knocked on the door of the command stateroom. Elizabetha's melodious voice floated out, 'Enter.' Fiona tapped the door panel and it slid noiselessly aside. Elizabetha was sitting in her favorite leather club chair by a porthole, dressed in her combat uniform, except for the plumed helmet, that was on an end table beside her. When she saw her visitor, she immediately stood and came forward, saying, 'Peeress, you need only have summoned me ...'

'Oh, I have Katnissa with me in the Royal Stateroom, and I wished to see you alone. In just over an hour we will be arriving in the City, where you will make your triumphal entry. You'll be the center of attention and there will be no chance of privacy.'

Fiona's recommendation of Elizabetha for the Purple Garter had been passed unanimously at a virtual meeting of the Council of Peeresses held over the comm. As the recipient of a high honor returning from the field, Elizabetha would be received with a triumph. This involved a triumphal march from the airport to the Temple of Artemis on the peak of the Acropolis, where there would be a service presided over by the Queen herself. In the evening, there would be a Triumphal Ball at the Chateau Reine, to which all scholaresses, dominesses and their guests would be invited. Elizabetha was still slightly embarrassed over the whole affair. 'I would rather have had a bar added to my Order of Merit,' she had confided to Sophia. 'The Purple Garter is just too much for what I've done. I wasn't killed in combat for Hera's sake!'

But now as Fiona parted her robe, she embraced her warmly and rubbed nipples, saying, 'You do me great honor, Princess Fiona. How can I serve you?'

Fiona remained in close embrace and ran her fingers through Elizabetha's loose, pale blonde mane and traced the outlines of her fine cheekbones. Fiona was one of the few Amazon who matched Elizabetha's height and her cornflower blue eyes were on a level with Elizabetha's pale gray ones.

'Elizabetha, you cannot imagine how I regret our falling out. It took this awful incident to make me realize how important you are to the sisterhood,' here she paused. 'And to me.'

She drew Elizabetha even closer, feeling her full breasts with her own small, pert ones. Then she kissed her on the lips, her tongue probing and seeking response. Elizabetha felt heat forming in her belly and descending to her loins. She knew that very soon she would be unable to resist the advances of the beautiful princess. She managed to break the kiss and step back, still with her hands on Fiona's shoulders.

'Princess, you are dear to me and I ever aspire to follow your lead. However, now ...'

But Fiona stepped forward and continued to kiss her temple and stroke her silky hair, saying, 'Kiss me, dearest Elizabetha. Oh, how I have missed you!'

'Princess, I ...' Fiona's hands now came around and began kneading Elizabetha's full breasts through the thin lyntronex of her uniform leotard. Her nipples were already puckered and now quickly stiffened in response to Fiona's expert ministering. When Fiona's lips traced a path along her cheekbone and to her own lips, Elizabetha's mouth opened and her tongue twined around her lover's. Her formerly inert hands buried themselves in Fiona's honey blonde hair, holding her tight as their mouths worked on each other's.

It had been many years since Fiona had experienced Elizabetha's passion and it surprised her a little with its force. Elizabetha's nimble fingers found the ties of Fiona's bustier and impatiently unthreaded them till she could loosen the garment and pull it off. Then she reached under Fiona's short red skirt and found her crotch, massaging it expertly through her thin thong. Within a few moments, she stripped the panties down and over Fiona's knee-high laced boots.

Fiona's hands were not idle and she found the clasp of Elizabetha's belt and unfastened it. The belt, weighed down by the laser pistol, sword and other leather pouches, felt to the thick carpet with a muffled thud. Then she unzipped Elizabetha's uniform leotard and pulled the garment apart, pausing to admire Elizabetha's wonderfully firm breasts with her lips. Then she peeled the leotard off her shoulders and down over her thigh boots.

Minimally clothed now, their hungry lips returned to each other's, their bodies rubbing, breast against breast, nipple against nipple, mewing sounds escaping them as their excitement rose. Elizabetha's mouth followed a path down Fiona's long neck and to her firm little breasts with their eraser-like nipples. She kneaded Fiona's breasts as she sucked on the nipples, causing them to become even harder. She dropped to her knees, her hands now massaging Fiona's firm rump and her tongue tracing circles around the tiny swell of Fiona's belly. She teased her lover, her tongue darting down to the edge of Fiona's cunt and then back to her belly. Fiona moaned, 'Oh Elizabetha, Elizabetha, you are driving me insane!'

Finally, she yielded to the princess's entreaties and her mouth found Fiona's nether lips, kissing and sucking, her tongue darting into the tight orifice of her vagina. Fiona lost herself to passion now, crying out, 'Don't stop, oh, don't stop my love!' These cries served to heighten Elizabetha's own passion and she felt the wetness forming in her cunt. She transferred her attentions to Fiona's clit, finally driving her up over the edge. Fiona held Elizabetha's head tightly in her grasp as she rotated her hips and came with powerful spasmodic contractions, crying out, 'Oh, Hera! Oh, Athena! Mother goddess! Oohh!! Oohh!! Oohh!!'

Her knees felt weak and gave way. She collapsed into Elizabetha's willing arms. Elizabetha nuzzled her neck and hair and half carried her gently to the wide bed. They snuggled and Fiona's fingers traced the ridges of Elizabetha's abs and then the edges of the red shield painted around her belly button. She was just beginning to work on Elizabetha's cunt when Elizabetha's comm. channel pinged. Fiona kissed her and said, 'Ignore it, Elizabetha, close your comm. channel for a few moments.'

Elizabetha was sorely tempted, but demurred. 'Let me just see who it is,' she said, slightly breathless in her passion. She opened the channel and heard Sophia's smooth tones.

'Colonel, I am setting up the order of protocol for the debarkation at Atlantic City,' she said. 'As the triumphal victor, do you want to the savage in your control as we process to the Queen's dais?'

Sophia's voice brought Elizabetha back to the present.

'Yes, I will control the savage,' she replied, not completely succeeding in keeping the breathlessness out of her voice.

Sophia's tone changed from formal to a softer, caressing one. 'Can I see you before we form up for debarkation?' she asked.

Fiona's hands continued to work on her cunt and Elizabetha felt her hot breath on her throat. It was difficult for her to think straight, with Fiona's adept attentions. Finally, in a faint voice, she said, 'Come to my cabin in ten minutes.'

Elizabetha closed the comm. channel and Fiona ceased her ministrations, content to play with one of Elizabetha's still hard nipples. She cocked a quizzical eyebrow.

Elizabetha's expression showed traces of embarrassment.

'I tried to tell you as soon as you came in, Princess,' she said seriously. 'I have been thinking of going mono.'

'And I assume that Lady Sophia is the lucky girl?' Fiona made it sound like a statement, rather than a question.

'Yes. But I haven't asked her yet.'

'Mono' or commitment to a single sexual partner, with legal trappings with regard to the joint ownership of property was a well-established Amazon institution. However, it was much more frequent amongst commoners than amongst the aristocracy and the dominess/scholaress elite. Since children were brought up by the State, the Amazon had no need for a family unit. Temporary co-habitation was the norm, so that property passed from mother to eldest daughter with no complications.

Fiona hugged Elizabetha tightly and kissed her again on the lips.

'She will be lucky to get you,' she said sincerely. 'You are the best of us all. Oh! You have just returned to my arms and now you will leave my embrace forever!' Then Fiona's eyes twinkled mischievously. 'You realize that if I become Queen, Sophia will become my handmaiden, with all the requirements of that position?'

Elizabetha flushed. "I was hoping that as Queen you would promote her.'

'Oh, she is much too young to be a Colonel,' said Fiona. Then, seeing Elizabetha's concerned expression, she relented. 'I am only teasing. Of course if I win the election, I will re-assign her.' She became more serious. 'Her mother and sister will take a dim view of this.'

A mono between Elizabetha and Sophia would entitle the Colonel to half of the Stirling estate on Countess Dorothea's retirement. As an aristocrat of minimal abilities, highly placed commoners like Elizabetha were anathema to her. Sophia's younger sister, similarly undistinguished, would be equally upset.

Fiona slid lazily out of bed, stood and stretched luxuriously, dressed in little other than her red boots, wrist bracers and choker. She put her arms in the air in mute command. Elizabetha hurriedly got out of bed, got her bag of lotions out of the bathroom and proceeded to anoint Fiona. She had just completed dressing the princess, when there was a knock on the door, signaling Sophia's arrival.

'Anoint yourself in the bathroom, Elizabetha,' said Fiona. 'I will receive Sophia on your behalf.'

Elizabetha disappeared and Fiona called out, 'Enter!'

Sophia entered with a puzzled expression and bowed on seeing the princess. Fiona beckoned her and as she approached, parted her robe and rubbed nipples.

'Elizabetha is just freshening up, my dear,' said Fiona blandly. She patted her maternally on the head and smilingly continued, 'It has been so long since I have seen you informally, Sophie. I remember you playing with Katnissa in the d'Orr palace when you were a young girl. Now look at you -- a handmaiden to the Queen! Your mother must be so proud of you.'

Sophia blushed with pleasure under the princess' praise. In truth, her mother was rather jealous of Sophia's success. Sophia often envied Katnissa her glamorous mother.

Moments later Elizabetha emerged from the bathroom, thumbs hooked in her gun-belt, and Fiona took her leave.

As soon as they were alone, they embraced fervently and kissed with passion. Elizabetha's passion was stored up and she would very much have liked to make love, but she knew that time was now short. She wanted to speak to Sophia before they arrived back in the City.

Elizabetha spoke first. 'Sophie, by now you know how much I care for you. I have a very serious question for you and please don't feel constrained to answer me immediately. I would like to ask you to go mono with me.'

Sophia's face lit up further and her smile was incandescent. So before she could answer, Elizabetha continued. 'Before you answer, please think about the difference in our positions. Think about the reaction of your mother, who may well cut off your allowance till she retires. You must know that I could not live under her thumb in the Stirling mansion. You would have to live with me in my quarters in the Legion barracks.' Here she paused again. 'But I do love you, Sophie and I offer you everything that is mine.'

Sophia's eyes continued to shine. 'Oh, Elizabetha, I would live with you in the Northern wastes if that were necessary! This is the happiest day of my life! Of course I will go mono with you! I will! I will!'

* * * * * * * * * *

2. Captain Carol Oates was in the command chair as the 'Andromeda' began her final approach into Atlantic City. Above, Captain Rhea Candaris held the 'Thetis' on a circular course at ten thousand feet waiting for the larger airship to touch down. All of the distinguished company on board were on the bridge -- Princesses Fiona and Charlotte sat in check captains' chairs, while Colonel Elizabetha and Quinta Lady Sophia stood in full combat uniforms on the overlooking flying bridge. Carol noted that the apron of the Atlantic City airport was bare -- all the other four Amazon airships were away bringing eligible Amazon voters and curious commoners back to the capital for the election. Before taking over the con from her first officer, she stood to face her august passengers.

'Princesses, we are now in our final approach to Atlantic City. I suggest that you join the honor guard on the launch deck to prepare for debarkation. The Queen's reception party is at the airport. Princess Charlotte, will you require assistance?'

Charlotte shook her head. Nonetheless, as she stood up, Fiona came and took her elbow. The 'Andromeda''s descent was as smooth as silk and she gently waved Fiona away. Her step, however, was delicate. The medical procedure she had undergone was a serious one and she was still slightly sedated to ward off the pain of the repairs that had fused her jaw and cheekbones back into their original form.

Carol now concentrated on bringing the huge airship in for landing, a very delicate and skillful task. The 'Andromeda' was well over a thousand tons and had to be landed with her keel precisely positioned on a prepared landing pad.

Neither princess had a handmaiden on board, so Elizabetha and Sophia quickly clambered down the steps from the flying bridge and took up positions behind them. Elizabetha, the senior officer, took up station behind Charlotte, who was the senior of the two in Amazon protocol. Sophia, quite used to this position since she served as the Queen's own handmaiden, took up station behind Fiona. The four of them made their way down the companionway to the central elevator bank of the ship.

'Fiona, we should agree on a recommendation to the make to the Queen regarding our lost sister, this Leia,' said Charlotte as they walked.

'She has actively participated in an assault on the sisterhood,' said Fiona grimly. 'She has committed treason, which is a military offense so she will come up before a military tribunal.'

'Treason is also a capital offense,' said Charlotte gently. 'Do you really want her shot?'

Fiona was silent for a moment.

'No,' she admitted finally. 'She was born in the wild and knew nothing else. A shame we did not find her when she was younger! Now, I understand from Doctor Mara that she is almost three months pregnant and the fetus was almost certainly fathered by the savage Aablar.' 

'It is also male,' said Charlotte. 'Since I find you sympathetic, Fiona, I suggest the following. My scholaresses will guide her through a gentle period of re-programming. She knows and trusts Doctor Mara, who is a scholaress of the Temple of Artemis. Let us place her with Althea, under the wing of Mara. They can recover together. I will arrange for Mara to abort Leia's fetus under general anesthetic, so that she can be led to believe that she miscarried. I am confident we can re-integrate her into the sisterhood.'

Fiona was doubtful.

'Doctor Mara is not a psychiatrist,' she said. 'Don't you think that Lady Althea should see one?'

'Do you think that Lady Katnissa should see one?' Charlotte's tone was slightly teasing.

'No, I suppose you are right. Both Katnissa and Althea can have a minimal psychiatric screen and we can decide on that basis whether they need anything more.'

They had descended to the launch deck now. Both squads on board were arrayed in ceremonial combat uniforms with highly polished plumed helmets and swords. They all had their horses, with splendidly turned out tack. Melania held the bridle of Elizabetha's huge stallion in addition to her own horse. Sophia's horse was hitched to a D-ring on a bulkhead. Dominess Amber Willey held one of the reserve horses that had been readied for Princess Fiona and had a blanket and plumes in the colors of the Susanna Regiment.

All the dominesses and other airship crew dropped to one knee on the entrance of the princesses. Charlotte bid them to rise. There was a ground speeder anchored just by the main hatch and both Leia and Althea were in it along with Dominess Dar-Ella who sat in the driver's seat. The speeder's wings flew flags with the arms of the Temple of Artemis and of the Royal House of Spalding. The front seat was vacant and awaited Charlotte. Even as the party proceeded on to the launch deck, the voice of Captain Carol's first officer came over the ship's comm. 'Five minutes to touchdown.'

Charlotte smiled and took her place in the speeder at the head of the debarkation party. Elizabetha turned to Fiona, saying, 'Princess, I beg of you to take my horse, it is improper for your highness to ride a reserve stallion.'

'Nonsense, Elizabetha,' returned Fiona with a smile. 'Today is your triumph. You must show how glamorous the foremost dominess of the sisterhood is!'

Sophia had disappeared for the moment from the launch deck. Now she returned with two other dominesses, holding the lead chain to Aablar's collar. Again his wrists and ankles were shackled, but this time he appeared much more docile. He walked with a painful shuffle -- every step was agony. His swollen and disfigured face drew a collective gasp. Sophia handed the lead to Elizabetha, her left hand on the butt of her laser pistol. But Aablar remained meek. Katnissa, attired in the formal combat uniform of the Household Legion and holding another reserve horse, watched intently from the rear of the launch deck.

'One minute to touchdown,' the first officer came on the ship's comm. again. Everyone on the launch deck mentally counted down the seconds and then there was an amazingly gentle bump as Captain Carol set the huge airship's keel down on the landing pad stays.

There was now a flurry of activity as the dominesses all mounted their horses and formed up behind the speeder. As Dar-Ella started the engine of the speeder, the huge main hatch began to open with a whine. The speeder led the way down the ramp, Dar-Ella driving it at a slow walking pace. As soon as it was clear of the shadow of the airship, Charlotte stood on the small reviewing platform that slid out of the dashboard. Aablar shuffled a few paces behind the speeder, the long lead chain from his collar arcing up to Elizabetha's left hand on her magnificent white stallion. Fiona rode behind Elizabetha and the cavalry squads rode behind her.

Dominesses cordoned off the airport apron and behind them was a huge crowd -- almost the entire population of Atlantic City had turned out to witness the Triumph. In front of the dominess cordon was a smaller crowd of dominesses, scholaresses and commoners related, mono'ed or co-habiting with returning personnel. In front of this crowd was a raised dais with two steps leading up to it. On it was gilded throne and several lesser seats. The Queen and all senior Amazon dignitaries were on the dais. As soon as Charlotte's speeder emerged from the airship, the Queen rose and all the dignitaries followed suit. A roar erupted from the crowd. A second, louder roar, as well as cries of 'Colonel Elizabetha! Hurrah! Our champion!' arose as Aablar and Elizabetha came into view. As the mounted dominess squads came into view, the crowd began a raucous rendition of the Amazon anthem:
