 Forward: Feel free to jump directly into the story, but there are two things that might help you before reading this. First, this is a Dream Chapter in a series I am writing called The Desire Principle. You don't need to read any of the series to understand this story, but if you do choose to read some of the other chapters, particularly the first one, you will be able to better understand how Carrie - the main character in this short story - is able to do some of the things that she does.

Secondly, this is a period piece that takes place in the woodland near Fort Indiantown, Pennsylvania on approximately April 24th, 1942. As such you will notice some abnormalities, such as the term 'granula,' and references to Arbor Day, which has now been effectively replaced with Earth Day. I did some serious research on the time period, some slightly less serious research on the location, and some extremely serious research on the real people who inspired me to write the story. I'm hoping that I have managed to achieve maximum authenticity, within the boundaries of a fictional piece of work.

*****

The Desire Principle: Earth Day

Carrie stretched her arms and legs as she woke from a restful slumber. She rolled over to tug at the canvas flap of her pup tent, peeking out into the wilderness. The sun filtered through the canopy of trees, coming from the east. It looked to be about eight or nine o'clock, and she figured that she had better not spend all of her leave time lying about in her sleeping bag.

She slid out of the pillowy blankets with sinuous grace and crawled on all fours from under the cover of her military issue tent. Once free she enjoyed the sensation of the sun on her bare skin, slowly rising to her feet to allow the gracious light to caress her nude form. She stood among the trees and moss as a spectacular example of human beauty. Long brunette tresses cascaded down her back to rest between her shoulder blades. An errant strand or two tumbled over the front of her collar bone to just barely conceal her pert nipples, which rested upon immaculately sculpted breasts that seemed to need no bra to keep them firm and perky.

Her slender stomach sloped gently down and forward to reach for the bush of deep brown fur that grew between her legs, trimmed but retaining the image of an untamed, natural woman. Away from this tuft her legs extended, the muscles defined yet subtle, toned yet unpronounced. Her dainty knees provided a brief pause to the curve created by her hips, which then flared out again to form her delicate calves and ankles, ending in graceful feet that currently stood on the mossy ground, toes wriggling with pleasure at being free to feel the world beneath her.

The only adornment that touched her skin, apart from the gentle embrace of nature, was a sleek golden heart-shaped pendant dangling from an elegant chain. Detailed etching and embossing along the surface of the charm collected the light that wafted down from between the foliage above, bending it back to create a miniature star which rested stylishly between her breasts. It twinkled gently as she swayed with a soft zephyr for a moment, and continued to glitter with no regard for where it's light source was located as she turned her heels on the light soil and padded away from her camp.

With utterly no care for the fact that she walked about in total nudity among the natural environments of the Pennsylvania wilderness, Carrie strode confidently over to the tree that she had been keeping her food in. She untied a knotted rope and slowly lowered her duffel to the ground, crouching down and retrieving a thick paper bag from within. She dug a hand into the bag and pulled out a bit of granula, which she lazily shoveled into her mouth and began to chew on, gazing at her surroundings with contentment. She enjoyed one or two more bites before folding the bag and stowing it safely back inside the duffel.

She cautiously returned the storage device to its desired elevation and tied the rope it was hanging from around the tree once more. She shielded her eyes and peered upward toward it, spying the jar that she had secured in a like manner. The liquid within the jar was revealed to be a light brown, she was able to tell, as the suns rays glittered across its glass surface. It would be a refreshing jar of sun tea eventually, but she believed that a few more hours of steeping would be needed to get the flavor she wanted. Turning, she made for the brook at the bottom of the hill.

Stopping at the soft, moist soil that bordered the little creek she took a moment to listen to her surroundings. Carrie loved these little trips she was able to make out into the woods, taking another one whenever she had built up enough leave time from the Army base she served on. Over her many excursions she had become familiar with the sounds that were typical. She could tell the difference between an approaching bear or elk, and was rather good at making the distinction between the normal babbling of the brook and the sound of a deer stopping for a drink. She had been fortunate enough to come face to face with a few of the latter, and successfully avoid an encounter with the former.

Today Carrie was satisfied that she was the only wild thing of significance wandering by the stream, so she stepped forward and waded in as far as she could. It was shallow, coming only to her knees, but she could kneel and splash the water over her entire body for a convenient bath. There was no lye at this point in the creek, so this did little aside from help her feel better and wash away a meager amount of the natural oils on her skin, but she also found something incredibly pleasurable about the sensation she got from walking back to the camp with her body slick and wet. The cool woodland breezes were kind enough to tickle her senses often enough, and she hoped that today might be another such occasion.

Once she was content that she had scrubbed at her intimate places enough, she retreated from the cool stream and made her way back up the hill. She had taken the morning at a leisurely pace and was guessing that it was now about eleven in the morning. As she strode up the slope she felt the familiar fingers of the wind brush against her nipples, encouraging them to perk up and become even more sensitive.

Little trickles of water dribbled down her leg from her slowly drying bush, and as they did so made her lips almost as sensitive to the breeze as her breasts had been. She wished that she might catch a gust there, but her legs provided just enough shelter to make it less than likely. She simply shrugged and admitted that nature may satisfy many of her urges, but this one seemed to be a little more demanding.

Again reaching the safety of her encampment she stooped down near the trunk of a large tree where she had set some of her supplies. There was a hand trowel, a sack of fertile soil, and a very small potted maple seedling. She made certain that all was in order, sparing a moment to speak to the baby tree as she had heard that it helped them grow, and stood and turned back toward her tent.

The little canvas pup was hardly a luxurious accommodation, but she found that it was more than large enough to hold the luggage that she brought with her on these trips. She only packed one pair of clothing, which she wore when she left and returned to the Army base. For the rest of her trips she would simply go as nature intended, blending in with the numerous creatures that lived among these boughs all year round. The only other bags she brought along were her duffel, which she filled with granula, dried fruit and tea, and her bread bag which carried her more unique essentials including various feminine products and a small bottle of pills she received from a close friend. The duffel was of course hung from a tree for safety's sake, which prevented it from taking up extra tent space.

Carrie lifted one flap on the front of the tent and crawled inside again, brushing the dirt from the still wet places on her feet and knees that it had clung to. She settled onto her sleeping bag and relaxed for a few moments, enjoying the tranquil quiet of the forest as she savored the sensation of oneness it gave her. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply, feeling the connection to the earth beneath her, the trees above her, and the wind that pressed against her and filled her lungs. That same wind, in the form of a gentle but persistent gust, pushed through the loosely hanging flap of the pup and embraced her again. It swept past her ankles and up her thighs, then over her stomach and across her breasts. Before reaching that far however she did feel the gentle press against her mound, and a shiver ran through her.

Another deep breath filled her lungs as she cooed with delight while Mother Nature herself licked at Carrie's body. The gust was pursued by a second, and Carrie parted her legs slightly in anticipation. She suppressed a shudder as the soft tongues of the wind slid up her inner calves and thighs, growing tantalizingly closer to her yearning lips. At the last moment she felt the draft lift over her body, missing her anticipant labia and leaving her feeling jilted. But as the wind cooled again it fell over her breasts, tickling her still aroused nipples and sending her into a second wave of pleasure.

She reached down with one hand, the other leading her arm up to arch over her head and gently paw at the bread bag resting at the foot of the pup tent. The elegant fingers on her right hand touched the skin of her abdomen, and then crawled their way down the line of her hip. She walked her fingertips down her upper thigh and stopped them, pivoting her direction back toward her centerline. The movement was evocative, as if to entice a would-be lover, and as she moved she imagined the wind curling around her body in response, unable to retain its amorphous shape.

As the trees rustled, Carrie prepared herself for another rush of air. She relaxed her walking fingers and stroked her palm along the top of the tuft between her legs. Her middle and ring finger slid down the cleft as her others braced themselves along the ledge, and she pressed against herself. The willing flesh parted ever so slightly, allowing her to pull back her outer lips to reveal the inviting pink interior. As this latest gust swept through the open front of the tent she braced herself, knees lifting off the blankets and heels digging into the ground.

The pressure of the wind was greater now, and as it nudged its way along her form she felt a tremor of intoxicating joy. The tender hands of Mother Nature lifted at her hood with careful grace and revealed her throbbing clit beneath. A second ethereal finger stroked at her bud, and Carrie was certain that it seemed to be rubbing against her to create a very tactile sensation. She quivered with ecstasy as the feeling lingered for long moments, and then faded elegantly.

It was only now, in the afterward of a height of pleasure, that she felt the growing familiar sensation of heat at her breast. The heart-shaped trinket, the Pure Heart as she had taken to calling it, was sensing her desires and making them a reality. She took advantage of the subtle warning it provided to focus on her fantasy, elaborating and refining it to a more grandiose scope.

Her imagination crafted an entity that truly embodied nature, but retained the masculine form that she craved. She started with glowing embers as the heart and soul, to give the flame of passion. From this smoldering center rose lines of smoke which widened into a face that was all at the same time ferocious, caring, demanding, and nurturing. Wisps of leaves cascaded from the approximate neck, starting with the dried brown and then fading into yellows and reds, finally ending in narrow fingers comprised of fresh verdant fronds and prickly pine needles. The torso was a swirl of air, a tiny tempest within which little jolts of electricity would dance, and as it narrowed it formed a spear of air at the base, jutting forward at an angle not possible in nature. The tip of this cyclone mingled with droplets of water, and it shifted in length and width in a tantalizing display of what it intended for her body. There was no need for her to craft legs for her imaginary lover, as she would keep him - or it perhaps - quite satisfied and not needing to wander.

As Carrie opened her eyes she found that this amalgam was becoming reality, and she smiled inwardly to congratulate herself on growing yet more adept at controlling the powers within the Pure Heart she possessed. With the last few leaves coming together to make up the arms of her lusty embodiment of nature, she allowed her legs to part even more. The hand which had previously been aiding Mother Nature slid back up to her side, and she gave an enthralling gaze which she assumed would seduce a natural golem as well as it would any man she cast it upon.

The reward for her look did not take long, as the smoky face of the composite bent into a comforting grin. The shape drifted down, and the arms stretched outward to meet the soft skin of Carrie's shoulders. She could not help but giggle slightly as the prickly needles and soft leaves tickled her skin, and as they moved toward her breast she squirmed, but did not really wish to evade them.

All the while as Carrie was preoccupied with the teasing foliage fingers she remained unaware of the whirlwind of wind and water that inched closer and closer to her sex. She wriggled her shoulders as if pinned down, watching the vaporous face contort into broad smiles and concentrated leers. And just as she began to fall into a rhythm of squirming and relaxing again to breathe, she felt a pinch at her right nipple. With a suppressed yelp she realized that the phantom hand was poking at her with a spiny needle. She shot back a glare of mock dissatisfaction at the wispy countenance, but could not hold the look as it faded into a sensuous moan with a second tweak of her flesh.

Her moan became a growl. The swirling winds that had been approaching her groin were even closer now, and began to press against her. Her clit, just barely poking out from beneath its cover, was being persistently licked at as the droplets of water amidst the spinning fingers of air came in contact and then were pulled away mystically. The simultaneous stimulation of her nipples and clitoris verged on unendurable. Her body involuntarily trembled, and she feared that she may already be approaching her orgasm, but felt that it was too soon.

Carrie struggled to push at the formless form of her lover, her body language shifting to indicate her wish for him to relent his assault, but he did not. Small convulsions began to ripple through her midsection, and her arms grew weak and fell to her sides. The windy shaft pressed against her even more, drawing her hood fully away to directly stimulate her clit, as had occurred previously. She collapsed entirely as the irresistible sensations swept through her to her core. Her legs limply drooped to the sides and she simply melted into the feeling. Her groaning became panting as she gasped for air, feeling that she may pass out before enjoying the fruits of her labors. The world spun and dimmed, the ground turned to become the sky, and everything simply ceased to make sense.

But with sheer force of will she retained some vague grasp of reality, and rode the rampant wave of bliss until it met a crescendo. Carrie's body convulsed, her shoulders and back lifting as her head pushed back into the earth. Her knees clenched, pushing into the windy torso of the instrument of her pleasure, and her hands balled up into fists that pounded at the blankets in vain. There was no sound as she reached the height of her orgasm, as she had been unable to breathe for long moments before, but as the sensations reached critical mass she was forced to take in a rasping lungful of air.

Carrie attempted to focus her eyes on the face of the golem. Her newly acquired breath allowed her to moan just a little more as she kneaded at the blanket with her hands. She quivered with the slowly ebbing orgasm even as it faded away, and her eyes slowly drifted downward to the airy vortex that continued to spin about at the entrance to her pussy. Carrie had always been particularly sensitive after sex, and this creature seemed to know just the best way to massage her, allowing her the pleasure of the subsiding sensations without overwhelming her mind in a numbing barrage.

Or so she thought. Head tilting back and body relaxing, Carrie was content to simply lounge in this position for the rest of the day, but her desires had apparently decided otherwise. With little preamble she was suddenly filled with a rapidly expanding and contracting phallus comprised of wind and water. Her eyes and mouth opened, and before she could think she realized that she was screaming in pleasure. The shaft that swirled within her felt strange, but that only made it all the more exotic (and erotic). A twisting and turning rod of warm air and cool liquid that seemed capable of reaching placing within her that no man had ever discovered. She gasped and screamed again, and in this moment was completely lost in her own pleasure.

Carrie's scream became a squeak; she felt her vocal cords grow dry and took in a quick gulp of air before swallowing and attempting to lubricate her throat. In the silent moment she heard a cracking twig off in the distance. She turned her head and attempted to grow still so as to better tune in on the sound, but was disallowed by her lover, who had pulled back slightly, and was now leading another forceful charge into her tunnel. She remained still and silent, but when one of the miniature tongues of lightning amidst the tempest made contact with her still exposed clitoris, her resolve dissipated. "Ooo-ungh..." she groaned, falling backward again.

"Hello? Are you okay?" The sound of a man's voice, ringing clearly through the lightly wooded hill, carried much better than the muffled snap of the twig, and this time it did not go unnoticed by the natural golem.

The smoky face and head of the creature swiveled to look at the slightly swaying tent flap, and then came back to look upon Carrie. The merging expressions of horror and surprise on her face were the last thing it saw as the mystical energy that kept it together evaporated. The fiery coals that were its heart cooled until they were nothing but ash which drifted to the ground, and the leafy arms fell away in chaotic disarray about the tent. As the face faded away into an obscure haze, the whirlwind-cock pulled out, and Carrie was bereft. The swirling air slowed and grew still and the lightning strikes ceased. With a final sigh of a breeze the creature was gone, and the droplets of water that once danced within its ethereal phallus fell to splash on Carrie's lower abdomen and outer labia, resembling some metaphysical ejaculation.

Almost on cue the flap of the tent was pulled back violently, and Carrie found herself staring into the charismatic face of a young man. His dashing brown eyes, though originally on her face as well, quickly took in the entirety of her body, which was quite nude and just a little slick with sweat and a few splashes of water. The man's eyes grew wide and his cheeks flushed a rosy hue, but he did not look away immediately.

Carrie couldn't resist herself, and smirked as she asked, "Well? Do I look okay to you?"

It took the man a moment to realize that he had in fact asked if she was okay, but when the irony dawned on him it was much too late to matter, as he was embarrassed for other reasons by this point. "Oh, um. I just... It sounded like..." he stammered, with Carrie make it no easier as she continued to meet his looks with her impish grin. "I'm sorry," he finally managed to get out, then ducked out of the tent and closed the flap. Carrie could hear him take a few steps away.
