 I had watched her for several millennia. Anera, the angel of Love was easy to watch and occupied much of my time. Out of all of the angels, she was the most beautiful. Her wings were a little straighter, breasts a little fuller, hair a little softer, voice a little kinder; all of the things that made me hate her that much more.

We had been in fierce competition for thousands of years. As the devil, I feverishly destroyed the lives of those I found. Lately, I had been concentrating on hurting Anera's occupation, by destroying the Love in the world.

She had taken notice with several world wars I had caused. She was able to bring love back to the world only because I tired of the game. I hated to admit it, but the "Make Love not War" campaign was highly successful.

Still, I was surprised when she confronted me atop my perch. I was effortlessly destroying the love life of a mortal man by planting jealousy in his heart. I immediately felt Anera's presence when she landed nearby.

I sat up, emitting a low growl and baring my sharp teeth. "Enough Lucifer!" she commanded. Shocked at her confidence, I looked around to make sure she was alone. "You've destroyed enough love in this world, now stop!" she commanded again.

I laughed menacingly. "Why don't you stop me little one?" I emitted in a deep rumble. Unbelievably, she slowly walked closer, her head bowed and wings tucked in. I gripped the stone with my sharp finger-like claws breaking off a chunk and still she walked closer. Standing, I spread my wings wide, chest bared. Pieces of stone flew far from me as I demanded her to stop with my body.

Finally, she stopped. My chest was heaving as I was breathing hard, prepared to destroy this angel. Flame dripped from my fingers. She slowly raised her head, stepping one step closer as she did so. Quietly she whispered, "I will stop you." I smelled her for the first time. The initial sweetness turned my stomach sour, the following smell of spices was easier to bare and then the unmistakable stench of heaven overcame my senses.

As my hand readied to strike, to destroy, I instead looked into her green eyes. Something stopped me as I easily penetrated into her mind. Stopping time, I explored for a moment to seek out the basis of her morals. I felt her conscious resisting my entrance to her mind.

As I neared her core, I became filled with anger. Her morals were just, she believed in her mission. Attempting to bend her will was useless as she was pure. Her resolve in her life was solid.

Yet, there was something there, a fragment only. Perhaps it was the reason why I had watched her all of these years. A wicked smile crossed my face as I found her desire. I slowly withdrew from her mind, finding her lust filled eyes centered on my yellow demon eyes.

I suddenly knew how to corrupt this angel.

She licked her dry lips as my tail wrapped quickly around her leg. Her silky softness pulled against my body, my heat scorching her soft feathers as my wings enveloped the both of us.

As we kissed for the first time, the heavens shook. My sharp, forked tongue found hers to be soft, yielding and inviting. I moaned from a feeling I hadn't felt in decades. My red cock became thick and engorged.

I felt her pressing against me, felt the desire in her hips as she slowly rolled her pelvis against my own. Her wings tried to escape mine, but remained pinned to her back. Soft moans began to escape her mouth as her robe dropped to the ground.

I looked down for a moment, drinking in her beauty. I admired the line of her neck, the shape of her breasts, her tight stomach and small waist. It was then that I noticed the sharp contrast of our two bodies had begun to blur. What was once a dark red on pure white had become something different.

Her skin was slowly turning black where it had touched and been burned by mine. I looked at her face again, noticing the slight change in her cheekbones. A devilish smile crossed my face, as I knew I was corrupting her.

I felt her fingers caress my horns. I lifted my head in a howl as I pressed my hard cock against her belly. I felt the heat of hell rising inside of me as we kissed. My hands caressed and pinched her hard nipples. 

While she was still pressed hard against me, I lifted her to waist level. Her legs wrapped around me holding tight as I impaled her with my demon cock. I felt her coolness against my heat. Her scream was succulent in my ears as she was burned from the inside. My tail whipped underneath of my wings striking against her ass, the barbed end drawing a small amount of blood on her cheeks.

I felt her body shudder as she was filled and stretched to fit me. I blew smoke from my mouth as she inhaled it through her nose. Slowly, we began to fuck away her innocence. Lightning lit the sky as heaven moaned with our deceit.

Her passion rose as my heat torched her swollen clit. I felt her grinding harder against me, hips rising and falling as I stood holding our weight as we fucked. Her moans turned to screams as my cock stretched her innocence. My thick rope-like veins filled with fire, rubbing against her softest of spots.

Her pussy began to contract involuntarily as I drove deeper and harder. Her breathing was becoming haggard when suddenly, she tensed. Her thighs gripping my pelvis harder as her body quaked with the pleasure of her first orgasm.

Sweet abandon filled her soul as I continued with her destruction. My cock continued to pulse and pump inside of her swollen pussy. Her juices were unable to extinguish the burning heat of my cock; heat began to rise up from my depths. I felt the bones of my wings crack as I tensed, building to my climax.

Suddenly, the Earth shook as I filled her with my demon seed. Scorching, burning heat filled her angelic body. The fire of hell itself emptied into her, squirt after squirt. Opening my yellow eyes, I watched as her skin turned almost completely black. White feathers fell from her wings, floating in the air.

Opening my wings I released her. Slowly she lifted her head from my chest. Her white wings spread wide as she rose off of my still hard cock. My breathing, though still heavy, was slowly returning to normal. There was a sound of distant thunder as we smiled at each other.

Guilt had never been a feeling of mine, but as I looked upon my changed angel, I could not help noticing her differences. Her blackened skin, sharp cheekbones, and look of desire on her face made her more beautiful to me. Strangely, her wings had remained white.

It had worked I thought.

I watched as she reached down and put her robe back on. "Things will be different," she purred. "Of course," I growled in return, basking in my victory and with that she leapt into the sky smiling. But what was that smile? A devious smile, something I had not counted on.

Troubled in thought, I reached for my cloth. It was then that I noticed my wings. The thick, black, leathery, bat-like wings had changed. Corrupted in some way. Curious, I pulled them close. It was unmistakable. They were changing. The black had paled, turning to a pale gray and getting paler by the minute. In disbelief, I plucked a small white feather feeling the pain.