 With hands that were trembling with a combination of fear and anticipation, Mikael sealed the door to his father's summoning chamber. Extending his hands towards the locking mechanism, he realized that they were damp with sweat, and he wiped them on the front of his robes hurriedly. This was certainly not the time to allow his nerves to get the better of him. 

Extending his hands again, he laid them upon the small carved figure of a demon's face that sat where one would normally find a keyhole. Pausing a moment to collect his thoughts, he muttered the correct phrase to seal the chamber. 

"Signum hoc loco usque ad lucem". 

With a flash of light, the eyes of the demon began to glow a deep green, and a second flash ran across the curved walls of the summoning chamber. 

Mikael grinned in elation. The first spell had taken no effort at all, a sealing spell was basic beginners magic after all, but this chamber was keyed to his father and Mikael had been unsure whether his blood relation would allow him access as his research claimed it would. The walls flashed with a slow steady pulse, and would keep doing so, speeding up as dawn approached and the chamber finally unsealed itself.

Turning to the table set against the furthest wall of the chamber, Mikael walked over and gazed with awe and no small amount of fear at the large grey tome resting on the wooden table top. A rune emblazoned on the cover showed it to be his father's summoning tome, a collection of every spell he had collected over his four decades as a warlock of considerable power and influence. 

Mikael swallowed nervously. If his father ever found out that he had even laid a hand on this book, let alone stolen it from his laboratory, there would be literal hell to pay and he would probably not survive it. The bonds of family were all well and good, but no warlock would ever allow an abuse of his power to go unpunished, and Mikael's father was not a merciful man on a good day. 

Casting his mind back to the previous morning, Mikael remembered his father standing at the door to their home, giving final instructions to his steward before departing on a trip to the Capitol for a week. 

A tall, ruggedly built man, Vandros had features of which the kindest thing that could be said, was that they were striking. With a mouth that seemed fixed in a permanent sneer, eyes that conveyed disdain at everything around him, and a prominent aquiline nose, Vandros was certainly no Ladies' man. Every time that Mikael looked at his father, he silently thanked Lilith that he had inherited his mother's features. He was also very careful to keep that thought locked very deep down within himself, away from Vandros's piercing eyes.

A moment of narcissism had overtaken him at that point, and he had glanced at his own features reflected in the glass of the nearby window. His height was the one characteristic that he had inherited from his father, and he was glad of it. But from his mother, whoever she had been, Mikael had inherited lustrous black hair, green eyes, and features that could have adorned a statue of a god. 

More than one of the serving girls in the Keep had spent long moments in her bed at night thinking carnal thoughts of the Master's teenage son, while her fingers worked lustfully between her thighs. None would ever have dared attempt to make them a reality however, for fear of calling down the Master's wrath on their head. 

Mikael's moment of reflection was shattered however, by a familiar voice. 

"Boy!" 

Vandros' roar broke his moment of reverie, and he looked down to see his Father looking up the stairs to where Mikael stood. Always one to keep people in their place, Vandros never referred to his son by name. 

Focusing his attention, lest he receive a reminder to pay heed to his father, Mikael looked down to where he stood. 

"Í left my notes on the desk of my laboratory and I'm in no mood to tramp up these blasted stairs and fetch them. Get them and get back here quick or I'll tan your hide". 

A flick of his arm sent the key to his laboratory soaring from Vandros's arm and upward into Mikael's fumbling grasp. It wasn't clumsiness that made his hands unresponsive, but shock. Vandros had never let Mikael into his laboratory alone. Ever. And this was just the moment Mikael had thought would never come.

A few weeks ago, Mikael had been unable to sleep, and had been wandering the keep in the early hours of the morning. He had walked with no destination in mind, until he had heard odd sounds coming from his father's wing of the Keep. Low moans, heavy breathing and the sound of something happening wetly were echoing along the stone corridor. 

Unsure as to what the sounds were, very sure as to what would happen if he were caught snooping, Mikael had inched down the corridor till he found a door that was ajar and spilling light out into the hallway. Staying back far enough that he wouldn't be visible from within, Mikael peered into the room and his breath immediately caught in his throat. 

Facing away from the doorway, bent over a table with her legs spread wide, and moaning in evident pleasure was the unmistakable form of a Succubus. A few clues made this very evident, such as the small horns that appeared on top of her head, her deep red skin, the lush proportions of her figure, the small red wings that extended from her back, and the barbed tail that grew from just above her perfectly shaped ass. 

Behind the Succubus stood the naked figure of his father, still fit and vigorous for his age, thrusting his hard cock deeply into the wet and tight folds of her demonic pussy. Ignoring the screams of outrage that his mind was producing at seeing his father naked, Mikael's body had eyes only for the succubus, and his cock sprang to rigid, almost painful hardness inside his robes. 

He could see the drops of wetness sliding down her inner thighs as Vandros's cock forced deep inside her pussy with an almost obscene sound. The moans of encouragement she was making were obscene in and of themselves, and Mikael's ears reddened as he watched her, the way she moved, the swell of her full breasts as they pressed against the table, the curve of her back as she arched against the cock thrusting into her, and the perfect tight ass that was showing above her full pussy.

Mikael couldn't help himself. Seeing a demoness of purest lust was too much for any teenage boy to resist, and his hand stole into his robe to grasp his hard cock. Dimly he was aware that he had never been this erect or aroused in his life, but that was a small thought in this moment. His hand started to fly along his cock, frantically stroking as he watched his father fuck the demoness thoroughly. 

Long before Vandros finished, Mikael had to bite his lip to the point that he drew blood to stop his cry of orgasm, and he felt the hot splash of his cum on the inside of his robe. The next moment found him frozen, for whether it was because of the scent of fresh blood on his lip, or the smell of his cum, the Succubus turned her head and opened eyes that were black as midnight, and looked right out the doorway to where he stood. 

Unable to move, waiting for the demoness to alert his father, Mikael remained where he was. However to his amazement, the Succubus remained silent as to his presence, and continued her erotic moaning. Her eyes locked to his, the Succubus started shuddering, and as Vandros gave a hard slap to her tight ass, she gave voice to a hard climax, as her pussy flooded Vandros's cock with cum. 

As she came, the demoness gave Mikael a lascivious wink that clearly said without words said that the orgasm was a show for his benefit. Closing her eyes, the Succubus resumed her moaning, and Mikael crept away to his chamber, where he would cum a further three times in bed to the memory of that wink.

Dawn had brought with it the resolution in Mikael's mind that somehow, he was going to experience the joys of a Succubus for himself. Having decided that, he came face to face with the realization that it was almost certainly an impossible task. 

Summoning a Succubus required two key elements, the ability to perform magic, which Mikael possessed, and a powerful summoning spell, which he did not. Warlocks do not share power gladly, and Vandros kept his spell tomes locked behind every manner of magical protection known to man. And being paranoid of the mundane as well, he had added a stout oak door to his laboratory. 

Without a key that was both a match for the lock and spelled to deactivate the defences, there was absolutely no way for Mikael to gain access to the laboratory. Two weeks of fitful sleep, discarded plans and a growing sense of despondency had now landed him up here on the staircase, with the very object of his desire in his hands.

Vandros interpreted his elated shock as dull witted incomprehension, and roared up at him again.

"My notes you dolt, and hurry up! I don't have time for this." 

With a start, Mikael ran up the stairs and to his Fathers laboratory'. Fitting the key to the lock with trembling hands and turning it to hear a click of the lock, and a low hum that indicated the shields had been deactivated. 

Mikael pushed the door open and stepped into the room. Vandros's pouch of notes lay on his desk and Mikael scooped it up as he cast his eyes around there room. 

There! 

On the shelf nearest him rested thick tomes of all colours. The colour depicted the type of magic contained within, and he knew from his lessons that summoning magic was depicted by grey.

Mikael found the grey tome, and checked the rune on the cover to be safe. 'Vocatio'. This was the tome he wanted. Aware that Vandros had little patience for dawdling, Mikael grabbed the tome, exited the lab and locked the door.

The reactivated shields crackled with energy, as he turned and stored the book high on a shelf nearby. Mikael's mind was too consumed with lust to think about how he was going to return the tome to the shielded room, and he all but ran downstairs to return the key to Vandros's open hand, and present the pouch of notes to him. 

With a grunt that at least displayed no dissatisfaction, Vandros turned and strode to his carriage without any parting words, slammed the door behind him, and set off to the Capitol as the coachman cracked his whip.

Mikael stayed rooted to the steps in shock, unable to believe the turn of fate that had come his way. As the slowly rising sun warmed his face, he felt an elation the likes of which he had never known, and an anticipation that promised that the night ahead would be one to remember.

That had been this morning, and Mikael shook off the memory as he gazed down on the tome. With growing confidence, aided in no small part by the arrogance of youth, he began to page through the book, searching for the spell he wanted. 

Almost immediately Mikael found it a touch more complicated than he suspected. The runes in the tome were far more formal and precise that anything he had seen before. That made them harder to read, as opposed to easier, and he paid careful attention to each spell as he turned page after page. 

After perhaps an hour of searching, during which time he realised that Vandros had access to creatures that made his nightmares look positively adorable, Mikael found the spell he wanted, for summoning a demoness of lust. In this particular regard, Mikael was thankful to have Vandros as his father, for the spell was meticulous, with every ingredient, ritual phrase and safety precaution laid out in easy to follow instructions.

With the information in the tome, Mikael could have summoned the demoness anywhere, but the summoning chamber had the added protection of both privacy from the servants, and numerous counterspells inscribed on the walls that would bind the demoness in addition to his summoning circle. The final benefit was that with the room sealed till dawn, no one could break the spell, and the demoness would be his all night long. With a leer that was worthy of a seasoned lecher, he began preparing the necessary reagents.

With a hand that trembled in anticipation, Mikael drew the summoning circle on the stone floor, adding in runes of summoning, binding, obedience and protection. Drawn correctly as instructed in the tome, the circle would allow him to sample every delight the demoness had to offer, but wouldn't allow her to drain him of his vital energy to the point of killing him. While it was true that after this, Mikael would probably be too weak to do much of anything except sleep for a day or two, he considered that a small price for a night of ultimate wanton abandonment. 

Finally the circle was complete, and all that remained was to add the final reagent, and invoke the summoning spell. From the table, Mikael lifted a small bowl containing the reagent needed. The silver bowl contained the semen of a virgin, and he grimaced slightly at the fact that the semen he was using was his own. He didn't even want to contemplate where Vandros obtained the semen he needed for his Succubus summonings. 

Dripping his semen in the prescribed pattern, Mikael replaced the bowl on the table, and shed his robe to stand naked before the circle. He didn't want to have to waste any time undressing once his demoness arrived. 

Taking a deep breath and holding the tome open in front of him, he began the spell. 

"Exsisto Daemonem fornicationis, audite verbum Domini Dei vestri." 

The unfamiliar words felt heavy on his tongue, and Mikael recognized the tinge of magic that was inherent to the very words themselves. As he spoke the formulae, they became more complicated, and as he chanted, the very lines of the spell in the tome lit up to show they were activating. 

Elation made Mikael overconfident and he stumbled over a word. Terrified that he might have made a fatal mistake, he glanced at the book, dreading the sight of angry red Text but to his relief saw that all the words were glowing with soft yellow light, indicating that the spell was active and functioning. With a mental prayer of thanks to Lilith, he continued the summoning, till the final words fell from his lips like weights, leaving him gasping from exertion as a dense red mist sprang up from the centre of the summoning circle. 

As Mikael regained his breath, he saw a figure solidify in the mist, and as it stepped forward to greet him, he got his first glimpse of his summoning. The skin was as red as he remembered from his dreams, the eyes as black as obsidian, no wings were visible but he was sure they were there, and a barbed tail lashed lazily from side to side. He could see smooth muscle, soft skin, a hard co...

WHAT THE FUCK?!?

Mikael nearly choked as he tried to suck in air and yell at the same time. Standing before him was the perfect figure of a red skinned, tail lashing, unmistakably male demon, nursing a huge cock in one hand while smiling at Mikael's confusion with an air of totally wicked innocence. 

"Is something wrong Master?" 

The words were uttered in a sultry voice from between black lips that were smiling in amusement.

This was incredibly bad, something had gone horribly wrong somehow. With a shock like cold water down his back, Mikael remembered the word he had stumbled over. Contrary to what he had thought, the spell had been corrupted, and a crucial word mispronounced. However since a spell to summon an Incubus, for that was clearly what was standing before him, was still a viable spell, the book hadn't aborted the summoning. The demon in question was still smiling at Mikael, and waiting in amusement as it clearly saw his predicament written on his face.

"You aren't meant to be here!" 

Mikael blurted out the first thing that came to mind as he stared at the results of his summoning. For all that the gender was completely wrong, he had at least managed to call up a perfect specimen of a demon. 

The Incubus had a body that was a combination of hard muscle and sleek skin, a little above average height, and even though his eyes hurried past that portion of the demon's anatomy, the cock jutting from his groin was thick and long enough to satisfy anyone's tastes. The Incubus' smile didn't waver. 

"If I am not meant to be here, then why did you summon me, Master?"

The word Master had a distinctly mocking tone, but Mikael didn't have time to take issue with it. 

"I wasn't trying to summon you! I was after a Succubus and mispelled the summoning. I'm not gay!" 

He ground out through clenched teeth. 

The Incubus laughed openly at that and started walking a leisurely circuit of the chamber, trailing his talons along the wall. 

"What does that have to do with anything?" 

The demon sounded amused by his response. 

"Sex, pleasure, eroticism, It's all the same when you get down to the bare skin. What sense is there in limiting yourself to a single gender?." 

The Incubus gave Mikael a wink as he said this, running his eyes up and down Mikael's body in a way that made him very uncomfortable. This had gone on for long enough.

"I don't care what you have to say about anything. You aren't what I wanted and I'm getting rid of you." 

Turning towards the summoning tome meant that Mikael missed the amusement in the demon's eyes vanishing, and a hard look enter in its place. 

Reaching his hand out, Mikael's fingers found only empty air where the tome had sat a moment ago, and a bare table top beneath it. Looking around wildly, he spotted the Incubus leaning against the curved wall on the far side of the chamber, with the tome resting in his arms. The amusement was back in his gaze, but with an edge to it that didn't bode well. 

Mikael's mouth gaped in astonishment. How had that just happened? He had no clue the demon was able to move that fast, and he hadn't felt as much as a breeze. Anger rose up in his chest. The mistake in his summoning was bad enough, but being taunted by the demon was too much.

"Give that back." 

Mikael took a step towards the demon and held out his hand out for the book. He waited for the Incubus to comply with his bidding.

"No."

Shock must have dulled Mikael's hearing, because he knew there was no way that he had just heard a demon refuse the command of his master. In his most authoritative voice, he spoke again.

"Give me that book now!"

The demon laughed openly at the anger and confusion suffusing Mikael's face. Mikael couldn't believe that this was happening. There was no way that a demon could be resisting his orders. It was impossible with the spells of obedience binding him. As if he could read the thoughts in Mikael's mind, the demon explained.

"The spells you cast for summoning and binding were designed and cast for a Succubus, so they used the feminine form. As an Incubus, they slide right off whenever they try to compel me. And while I can sense that there are spells of obedience woven into the framework of this chamber, this isn't your chamber, is it?"

Mikael's stomach plummeted as he heard the words, and as he realized that they were absolutely true. He was standing inside a sealed room with an uncontrollable demon. The first hint of fear crept into his voice as he spoke. 

"So why did you take the book Demon?"

The Incubus narrowed his eyes as he looked across the room. 

"My name is Cassiel, boy. I suggest you remember it well." 

The fact that Cassiel had stopped his mocking use of the term Master did not escape Mikael. His fear grew as Cassiel continued to speak. 

"I took the book for a number of reasons. Firstly, because I do not take well to being summoned 'accidentally', and have no desire to be dismissed like an unwanted dog." 

Cassiel stepped away from the wall and walked towards the centre of the chamber. 

"Secondly, because having been summoned, I am in no mood to leave without tasting the delights of your body and energy, for that is my very purpose and nature."
