 A warning before you continue further. This story is a dark fantasy; it contains scenes that graphically depict sex with multiple partners, sex with demons, incest and anal sex. If any or all of these things are not to your taste then please return post haste to the fluffy bunny section. Everybody else please enjoy... 

*

I am nearly thirty years old and long ago gave up listening to fairy stories and it's been even longer since I believed them but I met the devil. I know that I sound crazy but it's true. There is no-one else I can tell but you because they simply won't believe me. So it's a secret and you mustn't tell anyone because they might think you are crazy too for believing in me.

Of all the places I can think of that I might see the devil, and it never occurred to me that I might, my own bedroom would probably be last on the list.

I was lying in bed drifting to sleep having watched a DVD where the hero sweeps the leading lady off her feet with his determination and irresistible charm. I lay there in that warm place between waking and sleeping dreaming of a man who would do that for me. 

I heard the door open and close and the mattress shift as though someone had sat down. In my warm sleepy bubble I was reminded of the days when my dad would come and sit on my bed if I had fallen asleep before he got home.

"Daddy?" I murmured.

"I can be." Uttered a smooth purring voice that was definitely not my fathers'.

The blankets rose and fell as though someone climbed beneath them and a cool draft slid over my warm and cosy skin only to be replaced by the solid heat of a hard muscled body at my back.

Even when soft gentle fingers lightly brushed my nipples I still thought myself to be dreaming of the actor in the film that I could no longer remember the title to. There is a secret spot on the side of my neck that feels so good when it is kissed that I once let Peter Marlowe put his hand inside my bra. I thought I was dreaming of Peter Marlowe then because the softest tongue that ever was licked that spot on my neck again and again until my knickers were as wet as my skin. All the while that light touch rolled delicate circles over my hardened nipples until they felt like might just burst through wanting a firmer hand.

I am embarrassed to say that I liked it, I liked it so much that I wriggled and writhed against that long hard body that I dreamed behind me in my bed.

"Ask me and I will do it." Said the smooth creamy voice at my ear. It sounded so soft and breathless just like Peter did when he put his hand against my breast after Sally-Ann's wedding party. "All you will owe me is one favour."

It may sound strange now but it didn't when I thought I was dreaming it. When I was dreaming it all I could think about was more. More delicious tongue on the sweet spot of my neck, more hands on breasts and something to ease the ache in that spot that makes my underwear so very wet. I seemed to be having trouble breathing too, my chest was tight and I panted as though I had run along way rather than lying in my bed in the dark wanting a dream man to do things to me that I didn't yet have the names for.

"What sort of favour?" You see I wasn't fully stupid.

A chuckle so rich and smooth it could never be dangerous, wicked maybe but not dangerous, sounded at my ear.

"I will ask of you something akin to what you ask of me, how's that Sweetling?" 

Just about every thought in my head revolved around my body just then, sweet feverish aches tugged at me. My breasts, my neck, my lips and the centre of my body that I knew was wrong to touch. The chuckle sounded in my ear making me shiver even though I was so very warm.

"Would you like me to make you feel better than this?" 

I couldn't think that I could feel better than I did right now and I couldn't catch my breath to answer so I nodded.

"And if I do then you will owe me a favour, if ever you ask me for a third then you shall be mine. Agreed?"

I could hardly breathe by the time he asked that so once more I nodded into my pillow in the dark. As soon as I did my dream lover rolled onto his back pulling me with him so that I lay draped across him like an electric blanket. My back to his hard muscled chest and stomach. His hand gripped one breast hard enough to make me gasp even through my nightdress and then squirm, one long nail dragging over the hard point of my nipple until it bounced free of the pressure only for it to begin again. If I had known my small breasts were capable of such delightful sensations I would have begged for this alone I am sure.

I was soon to be distracted though because his other magical hand began to slide down the length of my body caressing every rib, the dimple of my navel until long thick fingers traced the elastic of my underwear. Long pointy nails scraped the edge of the elastic first at my waist and then over the very top of my legs.

His nails were so very long that I panicked and squeezed my thighs together thinking I could not bear to be scratched in so private a place but then the hand that tortured my breast so skilfully slipped inside my nightdress and the feel of being skin to skin was so truly decadent that my body melt over his. Arms drooping and legs spreading I melted like ice cream on pancakes.

That was when he pierced me. His thick long finger sliding inside my hot stickiness, his strange nail slicing through my virginity. I cried, I really did, since I thought that such sharp pain inside me could never be soothed. I was wrong because then that finger that had torn through that prized flesh, or so I had been led to believe, began to move. Backwards and forwards, slowly at first and then faster, the only sound to be heard was the ragged rasp of my breathing and the sinful liquid slurp of my soft wet flesh clinging to his finger.

Then the most unbelievable thing happened. My stomach dropped away from me like on the first peak of the roller coaster after an interminable climb that seems to last forever. With that my entire body shuddered with the spasms the gripped me, again and again I bucked against my lovers hand until finally the madness left me sated, smiling and sleepy.

As a dream it was the best I had ever had. It was less easy to live with the reality.

It made me smile on the crowded tube the next morning to remember such a strange and vivid dream. Pressed into that long narrow train with what seemed like most of the world and I smiled like a fool. I was snapped from the precious memory by an uninvited hand stroking my backside. It happens from time to time on the tube, I have known it myself and witnessed other women's sharp and disgusted exclamations that proclaimed the press of bodies to be not as impersonal as we hope.

"Mmm, why not see what he does next?" The voice of my lover whispered in my ear.

I looked around to see who was talking but saw no-one paying any interest to me.

"Is that your favour?" I murmured so quietly I could barely hear myself.

That soft stroking chuckle sound as though it was right before me but I stood in the corner facing the doors and I knew there was nobody there.

"Sweetling, it was merely a suggestion to brighten the day."

I blinked in shock at the very idea of not responding to a train groper. The very hesitation seemed to encourage him because two hands cupped my backside, softly rubbing large circles over my firm cheeks. The hands grew bolder, grabbing and squeezing my buttocks with splayed fingers until I felt sure I would have bruises. It felt much like it had the night before in my dream an unseen man touching my body without permission and I confess to the some darkness in my very soul that I liked it.

I liked the sound of his startled breath when I did not slap his face and I liked the emboldened touch that tugged my hips back firmly so that he could rub his shocking hardness into the softness of my bottom. I do feel that when I finally reached my stop we were both alot warmer and more breathless than if we had jogged the journey. I didn't turn to see his face but as I stepped down onto the platform I caught the eye of a red faced man staring at me strangely.

My journey home was uneventful unfortunately, unfortunate because I had spent the day reminiscing about my mystery night time lover and then my brazen behaviour on the journey to work. I spent most of the evening waiting and hoping for my lover to reappear. My newly awakened body yearned for his touch. I barely even blushed when my father knocked on the door to ensure I was feeling okay because I had not spent any time with him or my brother that evening watching television in the living room.

Again I was halfway between sleep and waking when I felt the mattress dip and warm breath on my face.

"I have come for my favour Sweetling." He murmured.

My body tightened in nervous anticipation of his request, he must have recognised some invisible signal because he chuckled as he had when he urged me to allow the stranger on the train to touch me.

"I would have you drink my seed Sweetling, for I have spent the day in torment thinking of you."

I did not understand at first but slowly and insistently my lover guided me from my warm bed and onto my knees before him. I could feel the heat of his body in the darkness. Soft silky skin brushed my lips, damp with liquid salt and stretched so impossibly taut, he pushed insistently between my lips to fill my mouth. With a hand on each side of my head he guided me as he spoke of his torment. He talked in his seductive honeyed tone of the feel of my body beneath his hands, of seeing the excitement of the shocked train groper and the arousal of the men that witnessed my submission to him.

His words heated my blood and empowered me to be bolder with him. I licked the length of him, rolled my tongue and fingers around his girth and pushed my lips ever closer to but never quite reaching his belly. He filled my mouth and I struggled to take even more until he stroked the back of my throat with the engorged head of his cock. All the while he spoke of what he would do my body, his mouth promised to suckle my breasts whilst his finger would pummel my sopping wet cunt, his words not mine, until I came over his hand.

I wondered why he offered me only his hand and not the long hard cock on which I suckled and he chuckled deeply as though he could hear my thoughts.

"Only if you ask me for it." He murmured and I could tell that he was smiling.

His satisfaction was my first glimpse of ferocity in him. He gripped my face firmly offering me no way to pull free and he thrust so deep that my body tried to reject him even as I thrilled with power within me that could make him buck his hips and growl as he poured thick viscous seed down my throat and into my stomach. I gasped for air when he finally pulled his glorious cock from my mouth and I wondered if I could resist begging him to use it in place of his comparatively puny fingers.

They did not feel so puny whence he laid me gently on the bed. His nails scoring the length of my nightshirt until the fragments slipped aside to expose my body to him. I could see nothing in the blackness of my room but he spoke endearments to me that made me think the darkness was not the same barrier to him.

True to his word he suckled at my breasts until I thought I would die from the wanting of him. Without unclamping his lips and teeth from my puckered flesh he spread my thighs painfully wide and started up that tortuous roller coaster ride with his talented finger. My whole body arched and shuddered for him such was the release when my orgasm finally broke beneath him. I lay still pulsing around his uncomfortably thick finger and heard the door snick shut and a muttered apology from behind it. I sat up and instantly my lover shoved me back down again.

"But that was my dad." I hissed in panic.

"Hmm, you have given him much to think about." He chuckled wickedly once more. "Tonight he will see you like this in his mind and he will stroke his cock until it bursts."

To my horror my lover demonstrated this idea by adding an extra finger to my cunt, filling it painfully full as he used his fist on his cock. The first streams of his seed splashing over my body sent my cunt into a frenzy around his enormous digits. As I lay their gasping for air he scooped up the fruit of his lust and wiped it onto my lips until I acquiesced and drank it from his fingers. It was salty yet somehow sweet and altogether forbidden. I fell to sleep listening to sound of him licking the fingers with which he had so soundly fucked me and chuckling his wicked laugh.

My groper was missing once more the next morning, possibly in hospital from the shock of finally finding the only willing victim on the whole of the train. I stepped onto the platform feeling strangely flat without him. I felt a hand on my elbow and looked up to see the blushing witness from the day before.

"I'm sorry if this embarrasses you but yesterday was the hottest thing I have ever seen in ten years of commuting."

I watched him carefully wondering if my lover was watching. I gave a wistful sigh. "I was hoping for more this morning." I confessed.

My witness swallowed convulsively. "If you would permit I would take his place some time."

I heard the murmur of soft laughter near my ear. "Anytime." I said before I could even think. "I travel twelve stops morning and night; feel free."

His smile was luminous as he nodded too many times. "Seven forty five and five fifty, I know."

I blinked in surprise at his knowledge. "Until then."

The exchange fluttered to the forefront of my mind through out the day. I even got a phone call from my boss telling me off for the poor quality of the spreadsheet I had delivered him because of it. I didn't tell Mr McCloud the reason and promised to try harder. As I put the phone down I heard my lover's amusement and anticipation in the air around me.

I wondered at just how my lover could anticipate the use of my body and the sight of another man helping himself to it but it seemed to make no more sense than my own excitement.

I stood in my usual place when the tube doors closed on me feeling ever so exposed without my underwear. My face heated at thought of my bra and knickers carefully folded up in my handbag. I didn't look about me but braced myself for disappointment when the first stop arrived and went without incident.

I nearly cried out when a hand wrapped around my waist and pulled me backwards again the unseen man. His cock was a solid twitching thing behind the fabric of his wool trousers and he positioned himself so that it nestled between my arse cheeks as the train shook and shimmied along the rails. The interlude was sufficiently shocking as to raise my pulse and affect my breathing but unsatisfactory in it absence of release.

I arrived home pink cheeked and chilly with too many hours to wait until bed time. I wasted time sitting downstairs and gazing unfocused at the television across from my father who was also unusually quiet until it was finally a reasonable time to go to bed. 

I lay for what seemed like hours twisting and turning beneath my quilt waiting for either sleep or my lover to claim me. It seemed neither wanted me since I only began to doze with the first rays of morning light.

My eyes were heavy with too little sleep and too much disappointment as I rode the tube that morning. I gasped with surprise when an arm wrapped around my waist shortly after the first stop, even more so when I felt myself bodily turned around to face into the carriage. I could hear heavy breathing in my ear as my 'assailant' walked me unrelentingly to the end of the carriage and pushed me into the tiny toilet cubicle. I stumbled inside bracing myself awkwardly against the toilet cistern trying to close my nose to the awful smell and the filth on the floor.

Tears formed in my tired eyes and it was only the faint sound of my dream lover's erotic laugh that kept me from turning and demanding my freedom. The flimsy lock was shot home and the cubicle echoed with the sound of heavy breathing. As my skirt was flipped over my back and my underwear yanked roughly to the ground I heard my lover give a soft groan.

"Oh Sweetling." My lover sighed with delight.

"You are one hot bitch and I am going to do to you what I wanted to do yesterday." Growled the man I had previously named as my 'embarrassed witness'.

There was little that was embarrassed about him as he adjusted my hold on the back of the toilet cistern and splayed my feet to the far sides of the cubicle, lifting my bare bottom high into the air. He gave a low pitched groan as he sank two fingers into my cunt. I don't like the word but my lover enjoys it so whenever I say it. 

It felt nothing like as good as when my lover places even one finger inside me but the entire situation made me very wet for every hard jab of his hand against my tender insides. Over and over he pumped those fingers inside me, his breathing as loud as the train itself. He moaned deeply with every breathless sound he drove from me.

I could feel myself beginning that climb that precluded my joyous release when my witness pulled away from me. I gave a moan of pure frustration. This had promised to be so much better than yesterday.

My witness rubbed something wide and silky soft against me and it was only when he began to burrow into me more forcefully that I recognised the bulbous shape as the tip of his cock. It pushed inside me like softly wrapped steel, I could feel the confines of my insides stretching with the size of it and was about to tell him that I couldn't take anymore when I feel the coarse friction of his body hair against my bottom.

He let out a groan loud enough to tell anyone passing in the corridor exactly what was happening in here. His hands dug tightly into my hips lifting me once more until I was on the very tip of my toes. Then he began to move, I gasped in shock at the way he pulled back and then slammed hard into my body. Each move was like receiving a punch to stomach. As he did so he called me all manner of filthy names that I could scarcely disagree with. I was bent double over a public toilet with a stranger ramming his cock into my body. I could try and protest my innocence but the slick slap of my sticky wetness betrayed my body's nature.

When his long thin fingers shoved beneath my work blouse they found my nipples drawn into hard tight buds and my whole body shuddered for him when he pinched at them. I came, moaning and bucking beneath him. I should have been ashamed, I know it, but all I could think about was the feel of that cock piercing body and the savage cry that man gave as he sprayed his seed into my cunt.

With his body sated and his breathing still ragged the man asked politely if I would be available for another encounter. Heaven help me but my body began to heat all over again at the idea and wordlessly I nodded to him. It was only as I was cleaning myself up that I realised he had taken my underwear with him.

Mr McCloud called my phone again over the poor standard of my work that day. I apologised automatically but the only thing I could think about was my early morning encounter on the seven forty five tube.

I had barely closed my eyes that night when my lover joined me beneath the quilts. His breath shuddering in my ear as he heaped praise on my morning exploits. As he verbally relived my encounter my body heated at his praise. Long sharp nails cruelly pinched my hardened nipples as his thick cock nudged against my spine beneath my nightdress.

"How can you enjoy the fact that I fucked another man so much?" I asked, the effect of my question ruined somewhat by own breathless excitement.

"Forgive me but I cannot help myself." He murmured, not in apology but in wry humour. "It thrills me that that I have stolen your virginity with only my finger and that the first cock that opens you is that of stranger in a common toilet." His laughter was soft on my neck and I shivered from it. "If I could have been there fully with you I would have begged you to suckle me whilst you're enamoured stranger stroked your cunt with his cock."
