 6:33am. The clock is fucking ticking. I'm no closer to completing my mission now than I was last night. The sun hasn't even come up on the streets of Atlanta and my day has already turned to shit. Everything has went wrong, horribly wrong. 

At the moment it looks like I'm fucked in more ways than one. James Coldburn has eluded me and I'm clueless where he's at. My best chance of finding him without checking all his known hideouts from my database, well, let's just say I royally fucked that up, too. I should've known better than to deceive Rhonda, a lesbian bartender, into thinking I was a bisexual woman in order to find my target quicker. On a more positive note, I got to eat some of Rhonda's sweet, wet pussy before breakfast. But, that put me in the awkward situation I'm in right now.

"I suppose things can't get any worse. Or, can they?" I debate silently listening to Rhonda vent her frustrations.

"You're not a woman!" Rhonda shouts in frustration upset at her discovery of what I have hidden under my black, leather, mini dress. "You're nothing more than one of those sissy, faggot ass, bitch boys that wanna take it up the ass like some wannabe slut!" Rhonda exclaims as she backs away from me venting.

"It's not what you think, Rhonda." I plea my case ...... hahaha. "Yeah, begging and pleading are useless now, Kira." I assure myself raising my back off the bar table with my elbows, following her with my eyes around the bar.

I can't tell what Rhonda is doing behind the bar; she appears to be looking for something. For all I know, she's looking for something to shoot me with. Raising her head above the counter, Rhonda calmly starts mixing another Long Island iced tea. A shaky feeling of security comes over me. 

"Well, at least she isn't gonna shoot me." I sigh keeping my eyes glued to Rhonda walking around the bar holding her mixed drink.

"You wanna dress like a fucking bitch and deceive me? Big mistake. You wanna play games; it's your ass that's gonna get burned, not mine." Rhonda dictates with a stern voice, stepping around the bar totally nude; wearing a monster-sized, realistic looking strap on. 

"Oh, my fucking God!" What the fuck have I gotten into now? "I exclaim totally shocked at what I'm seeing.

"Just a little payback for deceiving me to get into my panties. You wanna dress like a bitch, you might as well get treated like one, too." Rhonda states with a sadistic look on her face pouring some of the mixed drink onto the strap on. 

"Holly shit!" I silently scream, trying to assess Rhonda's intentions watching as she makes her way towards me; widening the wicked grin on her face.

"What're you doing, Rhonda?" I question. "This is just a misunderstanding, that's all." I explain as Rhonda grabs a hand full of my hair pulling me closer to the alcohol soaked strap on. "I am trying to find James Coldburn. I have business with him." I protest as my heart and mind begin racing sporadically.

"Shut the fuck up, bitch boy!" Rhonda demands forcing the huge strap on into my mouth dripping wet with alcohol." If I wanna hear you talk, I'll pull my dildo outta your mouth." Rhonda says pumping and driving her strap on further and further into my gagging mouth face fucking me.

Do I resist? Do I play along? Do I try to reason with her? All kinds of questions shoot through my mind randomly. It's probably best that I play along with the charade; she looks like she is enjoying this. Letting her have her fun punishing me might make it easier to reason with her to find James Coldburn after she has had her fun. I hope.

My saliva drips from the surface of Rhonda's artificial cock as she forcefully face fucks my mouth. Resistance might damage my chances of locating my target. I play along with the charade sucking the alcohol from the surface of her toy abusing my mouth trying to bruise my tonsils without mercy.

Satisfied my mouth has taken enough abuse from the insatiable, punishing, onslaught from her toy, Rhonda backs away. My mouth is too dry and too sore to speak. I watch as she removes what looks to be a butterfly knife from her clothing that lies scattered on the bar room floor. 

"This ain't good." I think watching Rhonda flip the knife around a few times with her wrist revealing the business end of the blade. "Now what?" I contemplate scooting myself back up onto the bar table with a false look of fear in my eyes.

"I must be doing a pretty good job disguising my ulterior motives. Rhonda's not worried about me as a threat, right?" I remind myself.

"Time to separate the men from the boys. You're gonna pay for tricking me to get into my panties." Rhonda says pushing me back down onto the bar table, then lifting my black leather dress up; searching for my cock hidden under my panties.

Rhonda quickly reveals her sexual intentions. Hooking the cold metal blade under my satin panties, she cuts them loose at the hips. Kinda kinky, but there ain't no way my cock is getting hard with a sharp blade anywhere near it; not with a pissed off lesbian holding it!

With my panties finally gone, Rhonda methodically teases and taunts my soft cock with the cold, steel blade. Then, she throws the blade into a wooden column near the bar sticking it into the wood. I'm relieved to see the blade leave the playing area. 

I watch in amazement as Rhonda lowers her salivating mouth onto my soft cock taking it into her mouth. I finally relax. This should be good. Guys love a good blowjob; bonus points scoring one from a hot lesbian. My pleasure is short lived. Her teeth quickly tighten around the base of my soft cock restricting the blood flow. My cock swells, bulging in Rhonda's wet mouth as she tightens her grip with her teeth. Satisfied my cock has reached full size, Rhonda releases her terrifying grip. I'm relieved and, once again, it's short lived. 

"I don't know what you're thinking, but pleasure isn't on the menu." Rhonda says saturating her strap on with her mixed drink once more. "I'm gonna teach you a lesson, sissy.

Without hesitation Rhonda begins to painfully force the strap on into my ass grinning sadistically. I try to resist for show thinking it's a bluff on her part; a costly mistake on my part. Searing pain engulfs me as the alcohol touches my rectal tissue. I feel myself wrapping painfully around the strap on. Pain, an unbearable amount of pain overwhelms me. My eyes bulge in their sockets, then shut tight trying to block out the pain. The further she penetrates the more pain I feel. Then, my body temperature begins to rise. 

Once she's fully inside me, Rhonda starts pumping me, fucking me with the same hip movements a man would use pumping a wet pussy. Faster and faster she pumps. Even with exponential levels of pain there's vast amounts pleasure running through my mind. My cock stiffens feeling Rhonda's warm hand wrap around my shaft stroking me while fucking me with her strap on. Blocking out the pain, I begin to feel more and more pleasure. Her hands are warm, so warm; so soft. Tilting my head back, I close my eyes as she strokes my cock; fucking me missionary style on a bar table. I'm close, so close to orgasm. Amazing, utterly amazing; blinding pleasure.

Seconds seem like hours, no more like time seems to be in slow motion. Finally, I can't take it anymore and release my hot, sticky cum all over Rhonda's hand stroking my cock. Seemingly displeased with me, Rhonda extracts the strap on from my ass she has utterly devastated. 

"Thank God!" I think silently to myself feeling my ass relax from the punishment only find Rhonda's cum covered hand in my face.

"Lick it! Lick my hand clean you fucking sissy, bitch ." Rhonda demands shoving her cum covered fingers into my mouth making me suck them clean of my warm, sticky, cum.

Twenty minutes later I watch Rhonda getting dressed. The tension between us is gone. We're even laughing and cutting up at the entire scenario. I had mistakenly assumed she was totally upset with me. Damn, was I fooled into thinking that. I almost wanna ask her for a second round, but I think better of it. Best to let her think she got her way.

"Look, Kira, I have got to get home and get some rest before I go to my college classes this afternoon." Rhonda says walking over to wall beside the bar and sliding open a secret doorway to access a hidden hallway. "I wasn't ignoring you earlier when you said you were looking for James Coldburn, but I couldn't just let you go unpunished for tricking me to get into my panties either.

"It's all good. No harm, no foul." I say following Rhonda into the darkened hallway to an exit door, carrying my purse staring down the dark hallway; puzzled.

"James Coldburn's private office is at the top of a metal spiral staircase at the end of this hallway." Rhonda says pointing down the darkened hallway handing me a keychain with three keys on it. "Follow the hallway, take the stairs to the second floor. You can't miss it. He wasn't here long before he left in his Corvette when he came back.

"And, the other two keys?" I ask inquisitively assuming I only need one key to access James's private office.

"One key opens his private office, one key opens the door I'm about to exit, and I have no idea what the third key opens. Mr. Coldburn never told me what it opened." Rhonda says turning the lights off in the bar. 

"Gotcha. Anything else I need to know before you leave?" I inquire trying to gain all the vital information I can from Rhonda.

"This door is a one way lock. The key opens the door, but won't allow you to open the door to reenter the bar. Put the keys on the nail above the door when you leave. I'll get them when the bar reopens tonight.

"Thanks." I say as Rhonda opens the door to exit the bar into the parking lot.

"I had a lot of fun playing with you, Kira. We need to do it again sometime. It brought back memories of sex with my ex husband." Rhonda says looking me in the eyes and winking before closing the door behind her.

Both darkness and silence surround me; it's nearly impossible navigate the hallway. Reaching into my purse, I retrieve a ring shaped LED flashlight slipping it onto my finger. It's more than enough light to navigate the narrow hallway. In no time I make it to the end of the first hallway and turn the corner where I see the metal spiral staircase Rhonda mentioned. 

Suddenly it's clear that up isn't the only direction of travel, the spiral staircase also leads down into a deep, dark abyss. Normally, curiosity would get the better of me leading me to investigate, but time isn't working for me. I peer down into the seemingly bottomless abyss ascending the metal stairs. 

Upon reaching the door of James Coldburn's office, I pause. Cautiously, I reach out with my left hand placing it flat on the thick wooden door. Heat. I'm detecting small traces of heat inside the office. I take my LED ring light off my finger and quietly formulate a course of action. Reaching down to my high heels, I remove two small throwing knives from my thigh high, leather, boots hidden at the backs of the heels. 

In total darkness I make my move slowly opening the door with the key. As soon as the door is open enough, two throwing knives slice through the darkness striking two different targets with pin point accuracy before falling to the ground. Satisfied with my results, I turn the lights on to survey the scene. On the walls hang two disabled surveillance cameras with shattered lenses. Cautiously, I sweep the office for immediate threats. 

"Nothing." I silently reassure myself unable to detect any other immediate dangers in the room.

I'm loosing precious time. Every passing moment makes my task of finding my intended target that much harder. With urgency I head towards James's desk and discover a flat screen computer mounted flush with the desktop. I quickly find the power button to turn it on. A quick analysis tells me I'm not gonna be able to access the files on it. Access denied, fingerprints not on file flash across the screen as I wave my leather covered fingers over the opaque screen sensors.

"Interesting security measure."I think slipping one of my black leather arm length gloves off and run my bare hand over the computer screen in disgust. Suddenly, the computer begins operation opening critical files in succession. 

"What the fuck is this shit?" I question out loud as I put my glove back on. "How in the Hell does James have my fingerprints on file to access his computer? That's not very secure. It's like he's anticipating all my moves, running from me, yet wanting me to follow him for some reason. This makes absolutely no fucking sense!" I ponder searching for acceptable conclusions to my questions with possible assumptions. 

I sift through the critical files on the high tech computer. Numbers, lots of numbers flash across the screen. A closer look tells me they're bank account numbers. I continue searching; nothing stands out because all the other critical files have apparently been deleted. 

"Why would James sabotage all his computer files and leave so suddenly? Unless? Unless, James knew I would head straight here looking for him? And, I thought this was gonna be the easy part. Damn, was I wrong." I mumble to myself.

Something catches my interest. Millions upon millions of dollars are being funneled outta his own bank accounts and sent to some unknown private account. 

"But, where? More importantly, to whom and why?" I ponder. "Useless information to my mission at this point. I need his location, not his fucking bank account." I say pounding my fist in utter frustration.

Sitting down in the leather chair, I continue with my search for James Coldburn's whereabouts. I open desk drawers and sift through papers and written files. Nothing, all the documents are absolutely useless to me. 

"Fuck! Wait, what's this?" I say puzzled pressing a small button I feel under the center of the desk. 

A translucent blue holographic computer screen appears above the computer displaying images from surveillance cameras throughout the bar. I scan the holographic screens. Most appear lifeless without signs of movement. Instinctively, I run my hand through the holographic screens toggling from one camera view to another until something interesting catches my eyes. Movement. Out in the parking lot, I see a huge black SUV pull up. Five or six men in suits get out and start scanning the parking lot for something with electronic devices, but why; more importantly for what?" I watch with interest. It's not like they can see or detect an invisible Lamborghini Diablo in stealth mode....... Hahaha

Baffled watching the men in the parking lot, I'm oblivious to other dangers. Had I been more observant, I would have seen several silhouettes of people rushing up the stairs. 

A hellfire of bullets rain in the room obliterating the computer screen right in front of me. I shove the leather desk chair I'm sitting in straight back to avoid being hit. 

"Fuck! This ain't good." I shout knocking over the leather chair for make shift cover, scrambling to reach my two throwing knives on the floor I used to take out the surveillance cameras. 

Huge chunks of debris fly through the air. With the lights on, it's not gonna take long for them to get a bead on my location to concentrate their fire. Time for some evasive maneuvers or suicide heroics. I dive head first away from their chaotic line of fire blazing into the room. Flinging one of the two throwing knives, I watch it zip through the air and strike its mark just above the light switch. The darkness inhibits a clear shot on my location as I lay on the floor. 

Seconds later I hear metal canisters bouncing into the room. Smoke and knockout gas fill the room. Then, a sudden bright green flash of light floods the room before everything gets dark again. I touch my left temple trying to activate my internal computer. I need to even the odds before I ........................... ... ......... Ugh ugh.........cough. cough ..........Blackout.