 Prologue

It's sort of hard to explain how it all happened. Well, maybe it isn't. The actual Devil was involved after all. Anything we still didn't understand about the situation could easily be chalked up to, "He's the goddamned Devil and he's evil and he's magic." So we'll just have to go with that for now. I don't really have another satisfying explanation for how myself and twelve other 20-year old women ended up in this dazzling mansion in Westchester, NY dressed in expensive, fantastic ballgowns kneeling around a pentagram, chanting in unified tongues, ready to swear a blood oath.

We all seem to be very reasonable girls at a glance. Most of us are over achievers who feel we've gotten a raw deal. Straight-A private school girls who did everything right and STILL only got into some bullshit liberal arts college. Tough jock chicks who worked their asses off, getting up at four in the fucking morning every day since kindergarten just to get good at a sport that has no promise or future for female athletes. Artsy nerds who neglected both sports and grades for a shot at being the next Beyonce only to be told they weren't. Good. ENOUGH. 

These experiences are what drew each of us to the man in the all black suit promising to fulfill our greatest ambitions. When I met him in a bar one night last December, he told me his name was Mr. Prince. He said he could give me whatever I want... make me into whoever I wanted to be. All I had to do was whatever he said. I didn't need convincing. Immediately, I knew what he said was the truth.

At some point that night while I was tied up in his hotel room servicing his cock in every way I could think of, doing and saying things I had never said or done before, I started calling him, "my Prince." 

I would eventually get used to the fact that my too-good-to-be-true sugar daddy had twelve other sugar babies in his harem. It honestly didn't matter to me or any of the other girls. I'm fairly positive he doesn't even have control over us. That would be too easy for him. We did what he said because we were filled with a dark certainty that he could give us what seemed to have been snatched away from us. If you had the ability to achieve your deepest desires, is there ANYTHING you wouldn't do? That's the question we were asked and all thirteen of us answered, "No. There's nothing we wouldn't do." 

For a whole year, we served him. We performed for him every twisted act he asked of us. Now it's time for him to live up to his side of the bargain.

I have to admit, I'm nervous.

Our Prince enters the room in a robe so dark it seems to steal the color from the world around it. He steps between two of the girls and into the center of the pentagram. He raises his hands and we fall silent.

"My beautiful wives," he whispers, "tonight I return to the Underworld and you shall be rid of me for ten years. You all have shared with me your most desperate wanting. Tomorrow, each of you will forget me and your real lives will begin."

The windows suddenly fly open and winter air floods the chamber. The chill of sin corkscrews its way through all of our bodies. Our flesh prickles, our hearts feel frozen. The feeling is unbearable.

"Close your eyes. Join hands," Mr. Prince hisses. We do. "Repeat these words: 'In exchange for my mortal happiness...'"

We attempt to keep our teeth from chattering. "In exchange for my mortal happiness..."

"'I pledge my soul to my Prince.'"

"I pledge my soul to my Prince."

"'And on the days he walks the Earth...'"

"And on the days he walks the Earth..."

"'He is mine and I am his.'"

"'He is mine and I am his.'"

Then, suddenly, warmth. Our hands release. We open our eyes. Our Prince has already begun to fade but before he disappears completely, he says, "Your pledge is made. I will return to each of you during your 30th years. It will be without warning. You will not recognize me until I reveal myself to you. When I come to you, you will all be very different women. Women of success, happiness, and fulfillment. Yet when you see me, you will risk it all to give me what I want. This is our bargain: The life you want in exchange for anything I desire. No matter what the circumstance, you will not say no."

"Yes, my Prince," we say in unison. 

"Before you leave this house tonight, remove all of your clothes and fuck each other like desperate little whores until your bodies give out and sleep comes for you. You will wake in your own beds and immediately the rewards of our bargain will start to reveal themselves to you. Begin." In a breath, he blinks from existence.

We all scramble to help each other out of our gowns. Some girls rip the clothes right off their partners' bodies. Each of us wears slutty lingerie underneath the formal wear. As all thirteen of us bury our faces into each other's pussies and tits, clawing at skin and licking at flesh, our moans and screams and filthy words filling the air, a terrible, comforting thought fills my mind...

He's right. We won't say no. No matter what.

To Be Continued...

Next Time: Ten Years Later