 If you're new to this series, you can read the chapters in any order you like but there will be some through lines if that's your thing. But you might want to go back and give the short prologue a read. Enjoy!

*****

Mary-Kate Lane has it all. Ten years ago she opened a little sandwich shop with hardly any money in her pocket and half a degree from culinary school. Today, she and her husband John own five locations in New York state. It's a total success story. And most perfect of all, it's the exact level of success Mary-Kate wished for. 

She owned her own house. She and John constantly threw house parties: wholesome summer pool parties, debaucherous New Years bashes, wine tastings, cooking parties, political debate watching parties. Mary-Kate loved to host and loved to be a fixture in the community.

And a fixture she was. Beloved by the entire town, everyone knew Mary-Kate Lane. She babysat, she worked at the food pantry, she played guitar and sang at the local coffee shop's open-mic night. She seemed to be able to do it all. Everyone in town knew she was a good woman with a good life.

She smiled.

"What are you smiling at, hon?" came a voice next to her.

Mary-Kate shook herself from her daydream and the world came flooding back. There was her supportive, loving, handsome husband, John. He'd been behind her since the beginning. They strolled side-to-side behind one cart in the grocery store, so strong was there bond that they seemed to move as if joined at the heart.

"Nothing," Mary-Kate replied. "I was just thinking about how happy I am right now."

John let out a snort-laugh. "At the grocery store?"

"Mm hm," Mary-Kate giggled. "Even at the grocery store. I'm so at peace. I'm so darn zen that I can love my life, my husband, and my career while lugging a broken shopping cart around a crowded supermarket on a holiday weekend."

"Wow," John awed. "I'm impressed. You must be pretty darn zen."

As Mary-Kate lifted an eyebrow at her husband as if to say, "Damn straight," John took in the total picture of his wife.

She pulls off something that not a lot of women can. She was so unbelievably, otherworldly beautiful and sexy and yet still managed to seem like a normal person. How do some women do that? They couldn't be more out of your league and yet seem to be just within in your reach. 

Her style was a successful modern take on the 50s housewife look. She wore a short green dress that clung to her breathtaking curves with eye-drawing buttons running all the way down the front. It was perfectly cute-but-sexy. Her outfit and her figure— plus her natural brunette hair in a well coifed up-do and her deep red lipstick— were quite distracting to many of the shoppers.

She was John's and he was her's.

He couldn't believe is luck. He'd married an angel. Now it was John's turn to drift off into a daydream. He couldn't wait until they got home so he could slowly and sensually pull her clothes off on their kingsize bed. Couldn't wait until he could feel the pleasure of making love with his angel. The joy of running his hands over her perfectly toned butt or putting his lips on her D-cup breasts.

John said, "What do you say we bring home a bottle of Yellowtail and cuddle up with a little 'Outlander' when we get back?" But when he turned he saw he was speaking to no one.

John looked behind at Mary-Kate and saw she had stopped walking a few feet back in the wine aisle. She stared dead ahead just over John's shoulder with an impenetrable look on her face. Shocked... but not alarmed, scared, or angry. Just the look you get when you miss a breath and have to catch it. John turned to see what had caught his wife so off guard and there stood a man.

The man's gaze was locked on Mary-Kate. 'Hungrily' was the word that darted through John's mind. "Mary Kate? Who is this guy?"

Mary-Kate's brain was racing a mile a minute. Her heart felt as though it was slamming out of her chest. She hadn't expected her adrenaline to spike so high the day her Prince came to collect his debt. Of COURSE over the years she'd wondered in what form he would appear and where. She never dared to dream up anything like this. 

She knew one day the Devil would return and, in exchange for all her success and happiness, demand anything he wanted from her sexually. She had always imagined it happening in a private bedroom or perhaps some sort of black void between reality. And yet, here the day had come and her Prince was standing before her...

...in the middle of a crowded supermarket on a holiday weekend.

Mary-Kate knew it was him the millisecond she saw him, though he didn't look the same as he had ten years ago. Back then, he always wore a suit, seemed to be about 40 years of age, gray on the sides of his hair, and had eyes the color of ocean green. He still had those eyes now, but everything else about him was different. 

Now before her stood a cocky looking 25 year old with messy dark black hair and a lithe but muscular frame. He was dressed simply: black shoes, black jeans, and a plain grey t-shirt. He was running his eyes up and down Mary-Kate's sexy fucking thighs, full tits, and her curvy ass shaped like and upside down heart.

His confident, lusting gaze stirred her from the inside. Heat between her legs. A hand absentmindedly reached up to her chest and began rubbing itself back and forth.

"Mary-Kate?" John said again. He was starting to freak the fuck out. What was going on?

"Tell him who I am Mary-Kate," said the young man.

"John this is—" but she cut herself off. She didn't even know where to start.

"Or don't," said the man with a cruel snicker.

"It'll be easier if I don't explain," Mary-Kate eventually said.

"WHAT will be easier?" barked John, nearing hysterics.

The man cut John off. "Mary-Kate?"

"Yes, Mr. Prince."

"Take off your dress."

John stopped breathing and a faint ringing started behind his ear drums. He choked out, "What...?" before he saw Mary-Kate moving out of the corner of his eye. He whipped his head around to see his wife lift her hands and begin to undo the top button on her cute little dress. John was completely frozen to the spot.

Mary-Kate undid button after button all the way down until her entire little housewife outfit was completely open. She clocked that other customers in the aisle were stealing glances at her, extremely puzzled. It didn't slow her down for a second.

She cast the dress of her body in one flourish. Now everyone in the aisle was staring a John's wife. Her thick ass and huge breasts straining against simple white cotton panties and a pristine white bra. John (and presumably the customers) could see an obvious and growing wet stain on her panties.

"Put your clothes back on! We are in public!" hissed John.

"Why don't you do something about it, John?" said the mysterious man in the grey t-shirt.

"I can't. I won't! I don't want to," said John, but that didn't seem right. He intensely hated seeing his wife stripped to her underwear in the middle of the crowded grocery store. And yet the idea of covering her up himself or getting her out of here was simply not an option. It was unthinkable. Why was it unthinkable?

Mary-Kate was so aroused her brain was in a fog. All that mattered in this moment was doing whatever Mr. Prince said. She wanted what he wanted. FLASH. A fat male customer took a picture of her with his smart phone. "Wait," said Mary-Kate. "Let me get you a better one."

She dropped to her knees, sitting upright as she spread her legs indecently and put one hand into her panties. With her other hand she squeezed her breast. She began obviously and lustfully playing with her pussy for the camera. The fat customer took another one. 

"Let me see?" He showed her. "Oh muuuuuch better, no? You gonna take that picture home and jerk off imagining me riding your fat little cock? Hm?" Mary-Kate rubbed more intensely at her clit. "OOOOOoooo, I'm gonna think of you thinking of me, so you BETTER." She smiled and bit her lip at him before removing her fingers from her pussy and jamming them into her mouth.

John's mind was blank and his dick was harder than it had ever been in his life. He felt like his brain had an error like you get on your laptop because it couldn't read a file. This woman looked like and sounded like his innocent, loving wife but her actions... she was acting like a prostitute who'd been paid up for the whole night.

"Mary-Kate?"

Mary-Kate slurped indecently as she finished licking her pussy juices off her fingers. "Yes, Mr. Prince?" she replied adorably.

"Crawl to me."

"I'd love to, Master." With that, Mary-Kate dropped herself down to all fours and crawled with the panther-like, writhing body moves of a professional pornstar. From her place on the dirty ground, Mary-Kate let her eyes sway back and forth. She saw now that more people had stumbled across this aisle.

No one moved to help her, no one stopped to ask if this was wrong, no one called the police. She didn't want them too. The idea of stopping now was unthinkable. She WANTED them to cease whatever they were doing and gawk at the insane little slut in aisle 3. 

She reached Mr. Prince but knew better than to rise right away. She stayed bent, essentially bowing at his feet. Mr. Prince reached down smacked her delicious, fat ass through the straining material of her now soaking panties. He held onto her ass with a clawed grip and then smacked it three more times in quick, vicious succession.

"Rise," said Mr. Prince. She did. "Take off your bra."

Mary-Kate gave an all too consensual smile from her place on the ground. She reached back and popped open her bra. Her enormous tips spilled out, her nipples hardening in the cold air conditioning of the grocery store. She immediately started massaging them with her hands.

"Do you like my big, fat fucking tits, Master? Do you like the way they look?"

"What the FUCK is going on here?" All the customers turned to see a security guard standing at the end of the aisle. They all gave the muscular man a guilty look. John felt a flood of relief (though he still couldn't command his body to move). Mr. Prince gave the guard only a moment's glance and then returned his gaze to the writhing, gyrating Mary-Kate.

As Mary-Kate looked back over her shoulder to the security guard another wave of horniness rocked her body. "OH HUHHHH- Hello officer. Thank god you're here. Will you help me?" The nervous customers parted ways to let him pass. John watched with a pounding heart as the guard knelt down beside his practically naked wife.

"Are you all right miss?"

"Oh yes, I'm fine," purred Mary-Kate in response. "I just need a big strong man to rip these panties off my body and then hand them to my husband. Can you do that, stud?"

The guard glanced back at John who could only widen his eyes in an effort to scream out and plead for the guard to end this insanity. The guard looked back at Mary-Kate.

Then, with two muscular hands and an extremely satisfying RIIII-I-II-P sound, the guard tore Mary-Kate's underwear off in front the crowd. Mary-Kate's whole body shuttered and a filthy little moan escaped her throat. John's heart sank again. No one was going to save him.

The guard stood up and brought the torn, useless panties to John. John held out his hand and took them. John couldn't take it anymore. After a moment, he unzipped his pants, pulled his dick out, and began stroking.

"Cuff her," ordered Mr. Prince. The guard did not hesitate to pull out his cuffs and slap them closed on Mary-Kate's wrists. She smirked up at Mr. Prince as the cuffs went click.

Mr. Prince, suddenly and with great strength, grabbed Mary-Kate by the chain of her cuffs and hoisted her to her feet. Her demeanor was becoming animalistic. The anticipation and pleasure that coursed through her were turning every third breath of hers into a grunt or moan of lust.

Mr. Prince demonstrated for the crowd how easily he could steer the naked Mary-Kate around by tugging on her chain. He guided her left, then right, then pulled her tight to him, his hardening cock pressing through his jeans and into her backside.

"Tell the people what you are, Mary-Kate," Mr. Prince growled calmly.

"I'm a naked little whore and this man is going to fuck me right here and now. He's going degrade and use me and I'm going to like it. I'm going to let him slap my face with his cock, scream for him to destroy my cunt, and I'm going let anyone who wants to cum all over me when he's done."

Something seemed to finally give loose inside John's head and he was finally able to squeak out a measly little, "No! Don't! Please, Mr. Whoever, please just let her go."

Mary-Kate whipped her head around to affix John with a hard gaze. "I don't want to be let go, John. I'm sorry, honey, all right? I'm sorry that I never told you what a nasty, cum-guzzling little bitch I am. This man is allowed to do whatever he wants to me. He's about to make me cum so much that I may pass out. I don't want to say no. I don't want him to stop. Mr. Prince?"

"Yes, Mary-Kate?" he replied.

"I am so horny I'm in pain. Will you please fuck all my holes in front of my husband and all these people?"

"Sure thing, my love. This way you impatient little slut," he said, his deadly calm persisting.

John whimpered as he joined the crowd following Mr. Prince. The man guided his naked and willing slave out of the aisle and onto the main floor of the super market. Everyone stopped what they were doing and stared. Mr. Prince grabbed the microphone for the grocery store's loudspeaker and held it in front of Mary-Kate's mouth

"Hi everybody!" chimed Mary-Kate, her familiar and cheery voice amplifying across the entire store. "You all know me, I'm Mary-Kate Lane, John Lane's wife. I'm about to get humiliated like the little fucking cock slut that I am, right up here by check out. Come watch if you want. This man here is going to use me up and leave me here like a worthless whore because that's what I am... a worthless whore. Isn't that right sweetie?"

Everyone turned to look at John now openly jacking his rock hard cock. "I don't... I just... You're ruining your whole life right now. All for some dick."

Mary-Kate giggled condescendingly. "Wrong. I'm not ruining my life for just ANY dick. I'm paying him back for GIVING me my life. And in return, I GET to be enslaved and bewitched by the most perfect dick on any planet. I am his lover, his pet, and his property."

"We begin now, Mary-Kate," the man said simply. He unlocked her cuffs with a wave of his hands.

"Yes, Master." Mary-Kate once again dropped to her knees. Her right hand returned to her crotch, as she jammed half of it inside her pussy. She stuck several fingers on her other hand into her mouth and forced them back until she drooled. "Yeah, oh my god my cunt is so fucking wet for you master. I'd be worried that it's too wet for you but I know better. Your fat, perfect cock is still going to stretch me out."

"I'm going to fuck your face," said Mr. Prince as he undid his pants revealing a monstrously appealing 9-inch dick.

"Uh huh?!" she whined with excitement. "YEAH?! Oh THANK you master. Please, please, yes, yes, give it to me— unh! HURWK."

Her speech was silenced as Mr. Prince grabbed her by the perfectly done hairdo, yanked her head back, and forced his massive cock into her open mouth. As he fucked the back of her throat he said, "You look so good on your knees, darling. I love seeing your hips all splayed out with your big fat ass on display for the whole store."

Mary-Kate managed to pull herself off his cock for some air. She jerked it, slippery with her spit, as she said, "Thank you, Master. I want you to FUCK my big ass later. Can you do that for me, Daddy?" She spit out more saliva on Mr. Princes already sloppy dick.

"Have you ever let your husband fuck your ass?" asked Mr. Prince.

She giggled that adorable giggle again. She threw a look over her shoulder at John as she took a long, sensual lick up the entirety of Mr. Prince's shaft and then said, "No silly. With him I'm just his innocent little wifey. Only you get to fuck my ass, Daddy. I'm only a nasty fucking whore for you because you fuck me so good."

To punctuate this point, Mary-Kate immediately planted her mouth on Mr. Prince's balls and began slurping on them, bathing them with her tongue. She stroked his dick as she did, more licking up and down. She swallowed his cock, gagged, and let it out. She rubbed her face all over the saliva covered dick.

"Do you like it when I'm a messy little cunt, Master?" she cooed.

"You know I do, pet," Prince replied as he once again rammed his otherworldly dick relentlessly back and forth, in and out of the innocent married woman's mouth. The total power he had over this wanton wife brought on a full-body high for him. Enslaving mortal women was the Devil's drug of choice.

As he plunged his cock as far down her throat as it could possibly go, he asked aloud, "Are you ready for me to fuck your married pussy, Mary-Kate?"

As he released her, she gasped for breath, looked up at him obediently with sinews of saliva still connecting her face to his manhood, and matter-of-factly said, "Yes, I'm ready for you to fuck my married pussy, my Prince." 

She gave his dick one last sloppy kiss swirling her tongue all around the head. Then, she lay back on the cold floor of the shopping center, propped herself up on her elbows, and proceeded to lift her legs in the air and spread them with yoga-like grace.

The customers all drooled at the sight of this well-known and beloved business woman's pussy spread and ready to be fucked.

"I want your cock, Daddy. I need to get fucked good," she begged.

"What about your husband?"

"What about him?"

"Doesn't he fuck you?"

Mary-Kate turned to lock eyes with her husband. He'd been reduced to a scared little cuckold jerking his dick to the sight of his wife getting used like a fuck doll in front of the whole town. "He fucks me fine. He doesn't inspire lust in me. I'm happy to fuck him because I love him. He's my husband and that is the duty of a wife and I can always finish myself off after he falls asleep. YOUR cock on the other hand... I'm a SLAVE to YOUR cock. I have no CHOICE but to fuck YOUR cock. Your cock is worth ruining my whole fucking life over. Now put it in me and make me scream like the cheating little bitch that I am."

Mr. Prince positioned himself over Mary-Kate and with one swift move thrust his magical, enslaving cock inside the woman's canal. Her eyes squeezed shut as she erupted, in a full throated moan, "Oh FUCK! Oh I missed that fucking cock. God...DAMMIT I missed it. Fuck me."

Mr. Prince began pistoning his throbbing, pornstar dick in and out of her sopping pussy. "Talk to your husband, Mary-Kate."

She forced her eyes open and stared at her husband again so she could obey. "John, baby," she meweled, "he's fucking me so good. He's fucking me like the little slut that I am. That I've always been. I bet you didn't know I was such a slut. You never thought to ask. I am. I'm his slutty slave. Do you like it? Do you like watching the woman you married spreading her legs for this alpha man who uses me however he wants?"

SLAP. Mr. Prince suddenly walloped Mrs. Lane in the face with his open palm. She yelped and whimpered but didn't take her eyes of John.

"Ohhhhhh FUCK. Did you see that, baby? He just fucking slapped me in the face and I let him. I'd let him do anything. I WILL let him do anything. I'm letting him defile me right in front of you and everyone here. Ooooo FUCK John! I love watching you jerk your cock while a real man fucks me to oblivion. Call me a bitch, please Johnny?"

"Honey... no, I—" 

An orgasm wracked through Mary-Kate's body and she screamed, "OOHHHHHHHHHHUH! I SAID CALL ME A FUCKING BIIIIIITCH. I DESERVE IT. I deserve it, sweetie."
