 Abbie and Rosa had their latest victim chained to a wall and stripped completely naked. He wasn't complaining though. 

"Man, I had no idea you girls were this kinky," said the man. He was an early 20s college looking guy, which meant he was previously wearing an ironic shirt. Abbie and Rosa thought there was nothing ironic about wearing a Pink Floyd shirt without even knowing who Pink Floyd was. That's disrespectful, not ironic. 

"Oh baby, you have no idea," said Abbie as she continued fondling the man's balls. Rosa stood near the man, pressing her breasts against his chest. 

"Do you think you can handle both of us? We want you to last a while," said Rosa. She reached out to caress the man's face, which was bright red. 

"I'm sure I can handle whatever you two can dish out," said the man. Abbie thought it was cute how hard he was trying to act tough. She decided to take him up on his word. Her lips wrapped around the man's cock and slowly sucked. Her tongue flicked the precum from his tip as her cheeks pressed against his shaft as she slowly made her way down to his base. 

"Abbie, I think you might be over-doing it," said Rosa. She could tell the man was close to cumming. Truth be told, she was glad. The idea of sucking a stranger's cock still seemed weird to her. Then again, she knew what would happen to the man once he'd finished. For a moment, she felt sorry for the guy, but that was before she remembered why this guy was their target to begin with. He was part of the Red Birds, the rival gang that supposedly was responsible for the death of her son. Rosa hated the idea of giving this man pleasure, but knowing he'd soon be raving in agony afterwards was worth it. 

"Mmm you might be right," said Abbie as she popped the man's cock out from her mouth and slid it between her breasts. "Maybe I should just milk him off with my tits. That should make him last a bit longer... maybe," she said, smiling as she pressed her breasts tightly together. The man arched his head back and let out a low sigh. Rosa instantly captured his lips as she felt the man's moans against her mouth.

"Tell us what makes you cum, baby," said Rosa as she broke from the kiss, whispering her request against the man's parted lips. It was clear he wasn't in a position to speak though. No matter, trying to figure out was part of the fun. It would be the most fun he'd get all night. Soon, his life would end, ravished by two demons disguised as angels before coming to the end of his life.

"So, tell me, what's the code to your boss's compound safe?" asked Abbie, her breasts still wrapped around the man's cock. Her question was startling enough to break the man out of his sexual trance. 

"Wha... what? How do you know about that? I don't know what you're talking about," he said. 

"Oh, sweetheart, don't try and play it tough. Just give me what I want to know," said Abbie. She looked up at the man's eyes. The man started to sweat, and not from the un-told pleasure Abbie was giving him.

"I... I can't tell you that. My boss would kill me." Rosa placed her hands on the man's chest and brought her face closer to him.

"Don't worry baby. We'll project you. Just tell us the code and we promise nothing bad will happen to you." Her hands ran down his face and started rubbing his nipples. This seemed to ease his tension, but not enough for him to tell the girls what they needed to know. 

"I... I just can't. I'm sorry!" said the man. 

"Are you saying..." Abbie stood up, her dripping pussy inches from the man's cock, "that you don't want any of this?" She ran her index and middle finger along her pussy lips then smeared the tips of her wet fingers against the man's tip. He shuddered with pleasure, but Abbie was just getting started. She placed her index and middle finger around his tip and lightly stroked him there, over and over. Her moist fingers lubed his cock, making him ready for her body.

"God ok, ok! Just let me be inside you and I'll talk," said the man. 

"The code baby. Tell it to us, and I'm yours," said Abbie. She wrapped her fingers around the man's cock and pressed his tip against her entrance.

"It's 8, 6, 9, 9. You'll find the safe in the basement of the compound! Oh, god!" That's all Abbie needed to know. She slid his cock within her, squeezing him as she did so. Rosa pinched his nipples and captured his moans as Abbie began fucking him. Soon, the moans became shouts of agony as the man felt his energy being drained from him. He fought against the chains, but it was no use. After a few minutes, it was all over. Abbie pulled herself away from his body, now filled with renewed energy. 

"Is he... dead?" asked Rosa.

"No, just passed out. At least he enjoyed himself though," said Abbie.

"So... this is what you do, huh?" asked Rosa as she got dressed.

"For the most part. The hard part is coming up though," said Abbie. Rosa looked at her, not sure what she meant. 

"That compound he mentioned is probably swarming with guards. Getting the code to the safe isn't enough. Jirome wants me to go there and get whatever it is that's in that safe and bring it to him."

"Did he say what it is?"

"Nope, but it doesn't matter. As long as he pays me, everything else isn't my concern." Rosa followed Abbie out of the apartment and got into the passenger's side of Abbie's car. This was the first job she'd accompanied Abbie on, un-officially of course since Abbie's boss didn't know anything about her just yet. 

"As long as I get to kill more of those Red Bird bastards, it's good enough for me," said Rosa. She sat in her seat looking blankly at the road ahead. They hadn't talked much about what happened since the gang fight that took the life of her son. It seemed so long ago now. Rosa's mind was fixated on revenge. It didn't matter if that meant working for a murderous crime boss like Jirome, or using her body as a weapon. 

"We'll here," said Abbie as she pulled up to the compound. "Look, try and stick close. You haven't really been in heavy combat before. I gotta get you trained up before you can really be useful." 

"You do realize that when it comes to raw power, I'm stronger than you," said Rosa as they made their way to the front door. 

"That's true, but you don't have the fighting experience. Just back me up with your magic and I'll go all Bruce Lee on their asses," said Abbie. She knocked on the compound door, not even giving a fuck. 

"The hell's that!?" came a voice from inside.

"Pizza delivery! Open up! This shit's hot!" said Abbie. Before the voice could reply, Abbie kicked open the door with the heel of her stiletto shoe. The door was locked by the way, but Abbie's stiletto heels didn't even care. "Let's roll out!" shouted Abbie. A barrage of gunfire came at her, but she easily weaved in and out of the line of fire, almost as if everything was in slow motion. 

"You're dead!" shouted one of the men as he charged at Abbie with a sword. He made a horizontal slash at her, which Abbie easily dodged as she leaned back. The blade missed her stomach. The man wasn't done just yet. He came at her with a series of diagonal slashes. Abbie stepped to the left of him and tripped him with her heel. Before the man could fall to the floor, Abbie grabbed the sword form his hands and stabbed him in the back while he made his journey to the floor. 

"Thanks for the sword," said Abbie as she pulled it out of the man's back. The moment she turned around she was faced with three guys with machine guns. They fired at her all at once. Abbie quickly flashed her sword, slicing the bullets in half in one swift motion as she ran towards all three of them. She made lightning swift strikes with the blade, easily blocking all the bullets as she made her way towards them. Before the men knew what was happening, they were all dead, cut to pieces by Abbie's furious sword slashes. 

"Well, I guess that's everyone. Come on Rosa. Let's hit up that basement." Without any warming, a gunshot went off. One man was still alive, barely. He lay on the bloodstained floor, the gun barely clinging to his hand. 

"Abbie watch out!" shouted Rosa. It was too late. Abbie was caught off guard and didn't have time to summon her demon-like reflexes. Luckily, she didn't need to. Rosa had already stopped the bullet in mid-air with her magic, then, flung it back towards the man, having it make contact with his left eye. 

"Well, thanks for backing me up," said Abbie as she took a moment to regain her composure. It wasn't often she was caught off guard like that. If Rosa hadn't of been there, she'd probably be dead. 

"How... were you able to fight like that? Move that fast?" asked Rosa as they walked down to the basement.

"You should be able to do it too once you train up. Just use your magic to increase your reflexes past the levels of an average human. But, more importantly, you just have to be relaxed, calm, like water," said Abbie.

"Yeah, but you don't have any magic. At least, not like me. So, how are you able to fight like that?" 

"Being a demon from Hell has more than a few advantages," said Abbie. They reached the safe and Abbie put in the code. The door swung open... only to reveal a laptop. 

"The hell? Jirome sent us all the way here for a laptop?" said Rosa.

"Hey, it beats trying to get one at Best Buy," said Abbie. Rosa wasn't amused. "Look, like I said, I don't know why Jirome wants this. Maybe we'll find out once we give it to him."

"We?"

"If you want revenge so badly, it'll be best to work with Jirome directly. No more side-line stuff," said Abbie as she took the laptop from the safe. 

"If you think it'll lead to me killing more of those gang members, then I'll do whatever it takes."