 Yesterday. About 20 years from now in a future you probably won't remember as well as I do. The world has become more of a Gothic Punk world filled with people driven by their own greedy sexual agendas and less observant to the world around them.

The midnight blue Lamborghini Diablo I am driving races eastward from an underground genetic research facility known as the Hades Tower (Human Altered DNA Engineering Systems) just outside Las Vegas, Nevada headed eastward towards Atlanta, Georgia. I have been given specific instructions by my superior Walter Stonehenge downloaded into a small internal computer implanted just under the skin slightly above my left ear. Moving with a purpose, the sleek exotic car hugs the curves of the road equally as effective as the tight, black leather, mini dress hugging the curves of my body. 

To give you an idea of who I am without giving away too much mystery, I am an undercover genetically altered bounty hunter capable of shape shifting my outward feminine appearance at will to the human eye despite the fact I am not a woman, but a transvestite. Very little of my immediate present history do I completely remember. I do know my past and present are vastly connected as well as obscured from my present memory. Why, I do not know? 

Racing along the long stretches of highway at a phenomenal rate of speed, I focus my thoughts onto my objective. A slight touch to the left side of my head activates the internal computer located just under my skin. 

"Find your specified target James Coldburn, interrogate, and eliminate him anyway necessary without making your mission known to his superiors." A computer simulated voice echoes in my head.

"Yes, locate, interrogate, and eliminate target James Coldburn. "I repeated as I race eastward close to top speed in my Lamborghini Diablo under a cover of darkness.

"Your target James Coldburn is in Atlanta." A list of locations he is known to frequent are being downloaded to your internal computer, Kira. Everything useful in locating your target and mission is also being downloaded." The computer generated voice goes on to say as images of clubs, buildings, and known hangouts flash before my eyes.

"Target information acquired. Directives understood." I repeated as I settle into the leather seats for the long ride ahead gripping the steering wheel with an arm length black leather glove and the other on the gear shift. 

The stillness of the night surrenders itself as the silhouette of the car slices through it in the blink of an eye. Fast forward. Present day. 10:45 pm EST. 

I pull into the back parking lot of a Gothic Punk oriented bar catering to alternative sexual fetishes known as The Masquerade with my Lamborghini Diablo. Moments later I exit the Lamborghini wearing a tight black leather mini dress with full arm length black leather gloves and matching thigh high, black, PVC boots. Instantly my appearance begins to shift in the early evening moonlight as the Lamborghini fades from visibility. 

A quick touch to my left temple paints the face of a sophisticated, single, and available female over me to be viewed by anyone looking at me. My hair lengthens down my back and changes from blonde to red as I pin it up into a ponytail making my way to the club entrance. Failure is not an option for me. Everything useful in completing my mission is at my disposal as my internal computer begins running programs such as temptation, seduction, and desirability to further enhance my appearance and sex appeal.

Upon entry, I stroll through the bar surveying the scene, soaking up the fetish club atmosphere. Hypnotic strobe lights, black lights, and neon lights outline and trim the inside of the bar. Overhead speakers pulse and vibrate the club walls with a gothic industrial sound from a song called "Star" by Sundown.

♫♪ Come now - We got someplace to go

Candycanes and alot of tools on show

Sit straight / breath / take in this place

Wrists tied down and a strap across your face.

Cold burns - Needle to the nail

Liquid fire - Blazing vapor trails

Put out exihibition style

The lights are all over you

What's that traumatic smile? ♪♫

♫♪ Held on no restriction line

It's all science-fiction in your mind

Slip tarp - Drugs and vaseline

I've seen you girl working wonders on the screen

One way - No time to abort

Lifeline cut off - There's no last resort

Endpoint - The pain becomes the fuel

Your life is so sad and the world's so cruel♪♫

Making my way through the club, I see synthetically fueled junkies tripping and grooving to the heavy, gothic, industrial music blaring from the speakers. Once through the heart of the crowd, I make my way to the far end of the bar. There are people sparsely spread out the entire length of the bar. Searching for a secluded end, I take an empty seat with my back against the wall. Everyone in the club seems to be in some kind of hypnotic trance oblivious to my presence like I was invisible to them.

"Perfect. The sheer trance like mood of the bar will make it easier for me to locate my intended target James Coldburn." I whisper to myself glancing at the clock on the dingy club walls; 11pm.

I extracted a cigarette from my purse, light it, and combed the club's dance floor like a hawk looking for any sign of my intended target. After a few puffs from my cigarette, I flag down the bartender, and order a Long Island iced tea as I wait patiently surveying the club floor observing the strange, fetish, leather clad, attire worn by the club patrons. 

"That's just freaky." I say out loud unaware a secret, sliding door has opened behind where I'm sitting at the bar.

"Well, aren't you a delectable piece of eye candy." A stern voice says feeling me out like a new play toy massaging my shoulders.

A bit startled, I shift my posture in my barstool cringing a little bit soon as the hands meet my soft feminine flesh. I turn to face the voice making eye contact with the man behind me. Anticipation drips from my thoughts like acid and warning lights trigger in my brain. I begin scanning the man standing before me: tall, about 6'1", fair complexion, short, brown hair, piercing green eyes; serrated grin on his face. 

"Could it be?" I think silently running a subject analysis confirming my suspicions that this is James Coldburn standing in front of me. "I trust you are liking what you are seeing?" I say seductively inviting my target into a comfortable state to lower his defensive suspicions anything might be out of the ordinary. 

"Yes, I'm very much liking what I see, Ms...?" James Coldburn says taking a seat next to me at the bar, spinning his barstool to face me undressing me with his stunning green eyes that seem to glow in the club atmosphere.

"Kira Brandenburg." I say completing James Coldburn's sentence sipping on my alcoholic beverage and locking my eyes on him. 

"Right, Ms. Brandenburg." James says looking me over still undressing me with his eyes. "You don't look German with red hair." James says flagging down the bartender to order himself a drink as well. 

"I've dyed it red recently." I say as my voice slowly takes on a slight German accent. 

"Impressive! A sophisticated German woman with luminous blue eyes, red dyed hair, and an outfit that screams lust in every language all alone in my favorite hangout. So, what brings you here this evening?" James inquires feeling me out on potential availability for hooking up. 

"I'm just out looking to have a good time, enjoy myself, and see what Atlanta has to offer in the way of nightlife." I say making up some generic bullshit to generate and build interest in me from my intended target.

"Well, now, Ms. Brandenburg, you have definitely come to the right place to explore Atlanta's nightlife." James says eagerly in anticipation of whatever he is pondering in his head.

For the next half hour, we talk about off the wall topics, drinking, and carrying on until James gets frisky with his hands running them up and down my legs. He eventually gets bold enough to slip them under my black, leather, mini dress, and make his way up to my crotch area. I am a little resistant to let him touch me there out of fear of blowing my cover. But, I'm not quick enough. He touches my cock and withdraws his hand slowly. I am almost sure things are out in the open now. James sits back in his barstool, smiles, and lights a cigarette.

"Well, now, that is interesting." James says with a serrated grin on his face looking deep into my vulnerable, blue eyes that trying to process a way outta the situation taking a long draw on his cigarette.

"I wasn't trying to..." I say looking for something to take the awkwardness of the moment away from his discovery I wasn't a genetic female.

"Trying to mislead me, trying to tempt me, or trying to seduce me?" James questions with absolute enthusiasm painted over his face.

"No, not really." I say shying away from looking directly into his eyes.

"But, you have done just that and perked my sexual interest, Ms. Brandenburg." James says as I feel a sign of relief my mission has not been overly compromised. "Do you mind telling me more about you sexually since I kinda discovered your little secret you have hiding under that tight leather dress of yours?" James says boldly sipping on his drink glancing into my eyes still visually undressing me with his. 

"I'm a gay, male, transvestite. I get off assuming a woman's sexual role in the bedroom letting guys selfishly, sexually use me fucking me like a sissy, slut, bitch boy for their sexual satisfaction only." I say firmly repeating the computerized words echoing in my head enticing James's sexual interest and lustful appetite for my flesh.

"I find that very interesting and sexually erotic at the same time, Ms. Brandenburg." James says intrigued as he puffs away on his cigarette.

"Oh, do you, really?" I quickly inquire being flirtatious capitalizing on my moment of opportunity.

"What turns you on sexually, Ms. Brandenburg, you know, gets you hot and in the mood for sex? I bet behind those sophisticated feminine looks you project you are a really naughty slut in bed." James says finishing his drink and touching my cock a bit more intimately with his hand. 

"I like almost anything weird. As I said I get off being sexually used for a guy's satisfaction only. You will never have to worry about sexually pleasing me in bed so long as you are selfishly, sexually using me the way you want. Nor, will you ever have to ask me the dumbest question ever asked in bed." I say confidently keeping my eyes locked with his.

"And, what question would that be?" James perks with increasing interest. 

"You'll never have to ask me if it was good for me. Just fulfill all your darkest sexual fantasies at my expense." I say boldly shocking myself I'm actually repeating what my internal computer is saying.

"Well, now, that is rather interesting to hear. I've been looking for a "special lady" like you for a long time. You're perfect, your body, sex appeal, and thinking. It's like we were meant to hookup this evening." James says turning back towards the bar leaving enough money on the bar to cover both our drinking expenses for the evening.

"Rhonda, I will be leaving here with Ms. Brandenburg tonight." James says winking at the bartender who nods in response accordingly.

I soon find myself being escorted through the fetish club with an arm wrapped around my waist making our way to the parking lot. James hints at us taking his silver and black Corvette until we round the corner and he catches a glimpse of my midnight blue Lamborghini Diablo now visible to his eyes.

"Wow! I'm impressed; fast exotic car and an even faster woman with taste. I can't wait to explore your freaky side. You truly are one hot slut." James says opening the passenger door to the Lamborghini while I sit my tight, little, ass behind the wheel in the leather seat. 

Moments later we pull outta the parking lot of the Masquerade headed downtown to James's penthouse suite. Street lights flashed across my eyes as we take to street. Minutes later a computerized voice speaks to me subconsciously.

"Mission directives switching from locate to interrogate." I hear the voice faintly echoing in my head as I cut my eyes seductively over towards James.

I can tell James is sexually aroused by the huge bulge in his pants. Cracking an impatient sexy smile, I can see the desire teeming in his eyes. I can almost sense his sexual desire for my body with the amount of lust radiating from them. 

"Have you ever been with a "special lady" such as myself?" I inquire as James shows me where to turn directing me to his penthouse.

"I've been with a few. None quite as gorgeous and as convincing as you, Ms. Brandenburg." James says pointing towards the parking garage beneath his penthouse suite.

Moments later, my mind is humming with anticipation as I park the Lamborghini Diablo and make my way to the elevator escorted closely in arm by James. Distancing ourselves from the car, it once again fades from visibility shortly after the elevator doors close blocking its view. Instinctively, my internal program directives begin running for interrogation.

"You seem out of place at the club like you don't really belong there." I say opening up a conversation." You have more of a business attitude about you. Care to elaborate?" I suggest not expecting an in depth response.

"My name is Jason James Coldburn. I'm a CEO at a highly competitive world wide genetic research facility here in Atlanta that specializes in DNA cloning and genetic engineering. I am also the club owner of the Masquerade fetish bar as well. I'm a do-gooder by day, but at night I have a freaky side I like to unleash. It's hard to maintain the image of business man and family man with a wife and two kids." James elaborates as we ascend the penthouse in the elevator. 

"Wow! This is gonna be easier than I thought interrogating James." I think silently to myself momentarily. "So, do you enjoy living a double life, James?" I inquired trying to get him to open up a bit more as the elevator came to a stop and opens the doors. 

"It has it's days on either side I enjoy." James says extracting his keys to his pocket. "A double life offers excitement and wealth from government contracts to lustful, sexual fulfillment." James says opening the penthouse door allowing me to enter first. "I guess that's why I'm going through a divorce right now?" James adds.

Upon entry, I am utterly blown away at the sheer elegance of the suite. The interior decoration looks more like a bachelor pad rather than a family dwelling. Immediately, I conclude there's no family type situation meant to exist in this penthouse. 

Without warning I feel a sharp prick on my neck from a needle. My vision blurs; sounds became distorted. Everything seems like it's in slow motion. My body temperature and heart rate rise steadily until I feel my heart beating in my chest. I collapse on my knees, a blurry silhouette of James appearers in front of me unzipping his pants. Struggling to maintain consciousness, I can see James stroking his cock as it swells in his hand.

"You didn't need to do this, James. I would have willingly submitted to your sexual will until it was time to eliminate you." I think to myself resting on my knees in front of my target.

I feel the hair on my head being pulled back by my ponytail. My eyes bulge struggling to take in the blurry images as James shoves his bulging cock into my mouth and begins face fucking me like a starving whore. Pulling my head forward, James lustfully thrusts his hard cock further and further down my throat with each thrust. I can see the blurry outline of a serrated grin on his face. He is absolutely enjoying his dominance over me.

"You like it, don't you, bitch boy? You like it force fed to your little, sissy ass. Stop resisting. You want it hard, fast, and fucking rough." James says quickly establishing his dominance over me letting me know my place. 

Everything is in slow motion. My mind is yielding to the effects of whatever is coursing through my veins. Beads of sweat form on my skin. I feel faint, like passing out from just my body heat. James's thrusts with his cock into my mouth and throat begin to slow. I'm guessing he doesn't wanna cum in my mouth. But, my mind begins processing the slow motion events differently.

James extracts his hard bulging cock from my mouth, saliva dripping from it. He leads me like a dog on a leash on my hands and knees by my long red hair to his spacious bathroom. I feel some sort of control return to my muscles as I am handcuffed with my wrists behind my back and bent over in front of a huge bathroom mirror. Laying my head on the countertop in front of the mirror closing my eyes, I feel weak.

My brain struggles to process what's actually happening to my body from James's aggressive, sexual advances using me like a sissy slut. By the time James positions himself behind my defenseless body, my legs feel like jelly beneath me. I brace myself subconsciously the best I can for an ass fucking that is inevitably apparent now.

I kept my eyes closed anticipating the excruciating amount of pain as James lifts my leather dress and pulls my satin panties down. Methodically, he grips his hard, bulging, 8 inch cock with one hand, spreads my ass cheeks apart with the other, and exposes my defenseless ass pussy to his lustful sexual onslaught. 

Pain shoots uncontrollably through my weakened, restrained body, an excruciating amount of pain as James thrusts his huge, throbbing cock deep into my ass. I feel my tissues rip and tear stretching and wrapping themselves around the warm flesh of his cock; bleeding. I bite down hard gritting my teeth to compensate for the pain until I can't take it any longer. 

"Arrrrgghh!!" I scream closing my eyes tighter and tighter feeling tears swelling up in my eyes from the excessive pain. 

"You know you want it. You practically begged for it at the bar. Don't lie. You love being fucked in that tight, little ass pussy of yours." James reminds me of what I said earlier. "And, I'm gonna do just that, sexually use you for my selfish, sexual satisfaction. 

Soon as I scream James straps a ball gag around my head to keep me from making anymore sound. Everything is still blurry to me. Moments later James is gripping me at the waist, pumping and thrusting his hard cock deep into my ass fucking me like a bitch. Each thrust ripples pain throughout my body. It seems hard to believe, but deep down I'm loving every minute of James's selfish, lustful, sexual advances. 

One would have to question who exactly was in control here. Sure, I am restrained to a moderate degree, but I'm the one controlling James's mind that burns with sexual lust. Although the situation looks bleak, I still have my objectives. At the moment I am letting the my internal computer programs run. I want to create the feeling of helplessness while James continues with his selfish acts of carnal lust fucking me unmercifully like a slut.

It doesn't take James long for his mind to lose control of the situation itself. Satisfied I'm completely helpless to his sexual onslaught, James intensifies his actions. I'm still powerless to resist him from whatever he has injected into my veins. I feel James grip firmly on my long red ponytail thrusting deeper and harder into my ass pussy. Harder and faster, continuously pulling on my ponytail; causing me to arch my back and lean into each thrust from his bulging 8 inch cock.

"You love it don't you?" James questions. "Open your eyes. Open your fucking eyes, bitch boy! I want you to look in the mirror at the satisfaction on my face while I pump your ass full of cum!" James urges me. "Open your eyes, now, damn it! Open them! "James demands hollering as loud as he can until I finally open them. 
