 An unsettling feeling overcomes me when the privacy door closes behind us; my mind races in a million different directions instantly. Initially, my thoughts are outside the small privacy room wondering what Rhonda and Walter are discussing in my absence. The very thought of having sex with Phil Durham utterly disgusts me, not to mention the fact he is obviously drunk. 

On the table is a cheap bottle of wine, and two chairs are seated around the table. There are a few odd looking restraining devices in the room, and a small window with blood red curtains pulled closed. Making my way to the window to open the curtains, I wait for Phil to pour us both a glass of wine. Glancing out the window, I can see the bustling nightlife on the streets of Atlanta below from my vantage point on the upper level of the Chamber. Lost in the scenic spectacle of lights, I almost forget I'm not alone in the room; not really in the mood to drink.

"Have a drink. Relax." Phil suggests placing his hand on my shoulder, spinning me to face him. "This'll be fun, I promise." Phil slurs with his intoxicated breath.

"Fun, he says?" I sarcastically remind myself of my situation trying not to look directly into Phil's eyes.

For a moment I wanna knock the shit out of Phil's obnoxious, drunk ass. The very idea of him touching me sexually sickens me to no end. It's hard for me to believe my genetic research company elected his stupid ass to be the new CEO when I was underhandedly removed from the position by Walter's sinister plans. Or, was that part of the plan, too, to make the eminent merger possible with someone weaker in the CEO position? I'm assuming shit as Phil eagerly tries to hand me a full glass of wine snapping me back to reality. At first I think about slapping it from his hand in protest and storming out of the privacy room; bad idea.

"Sure, don't mind if I do." I reply with a reluctant smile etched on my face. "I should eliminate your ass based on your stupidity." I think silently to myself, smiling at Phil before having a seat at the table still feeling a bit uncomfortable.

Phil quickly has a seat across from me, staring into my eyes; giving me that uncomfortable, needy feeling that he is wanting to fuck me. At this point it's all I can do not to knock the ever loving fuck out of his drunk ass. 

"Walter tells me you can fulfill a man's sexual desires in ways I've never seen before." Phil slurs wasting little time getting right to the point, gulping down his glass of wine; creeping me out with the look on his face - I just wanna vomit.

"What does your heart sexually desire this evening, Phil? What fantasy would you truly like made a reality for you?" I clarify sipping on my glass of wine, glancing into Phil's drunken eyes; gently reaching across the table to place my delicate, feminine hands on top of Phil's in a sexually suggestive manner.

"Well, since you put it that way, Kira, I would like to be tied up and sexually dominated by a woman with long, flowing, blonde hair with azure blue, eyes, plump, succulent breasts; clad in a tight, sexy, leather outfit with chains that accent her natural curves." Phil says boldly describing his fantasy.

Shifting my appearance and attire, I reflect Phil's ideal fantasy date right before his drunken eyes exactly as he describes. The look of amazement blossoms on his face watching my appearance and attire configure to his wishes. I take a long sip of my wine before standing up in front of Phil; his jaw drops leaving him speechless for a few minutes witnessing my transformation. 

"Holy Shit! That's fucking amazing." Phil exclaims with a drunken slur, desperately trying to pour himself another glass of wine before I take the bottle from his hand, flinging it into the wall; shattering the half empty bottle. 

"Is there anything else you want?" I question sarcastically. "This is basic elementary stuff." I protest crossing my arms and tilting my head to one side. 

"What else can you do?" Phil questions dumbfounded as I rise to my feet. "I really want to be dominated."

"Go with the flow, Kira. Set your morals to the side." I silently remind myself carefully choosing my next few words. "Oh, I can definitely rock your fucking world." I reply boldly making my way around the table to where Phil is sitting.

Somehow I muster the courage to help Phil's drunk ass up out of the chair. Hovering and swooping around Phil's body, I touch my left temple mentally activating the Diablo Masquerade program. Coercing my thoughts, imagination, and will upon Phil, I make his fantasy a reality in his mind. He is completely lost in a trance; mesmerized. There's probably no chance he can break the images I have coerced into his mind at the moment even if he wanted to.

In an instant Phil is helplessly tied to a tall, slender, wooden pole that stretches from the floor to the ceiling. His arms are high in the air handcuffed to a thick, metal chain dangling from the ceiling; his feet are tied to the pole with rope. I can see the look of anticipation on Phil's face when his clothes disappear before his drunken, bulging, eyes. Before he can utter a word, I paint the illusion of a ball gag in his mouth silencing him for the duration of the scene. 

"This is almost too easy; manipulating a drunk man's fantasy is gonna be fun as Hell." I think to myself. "I can get what I want and probably not even have to fuck him to get it." I chuckle to myself allowing my laughter to spill out audibly for a brief moment. 

Circling Phil's restrained body like a hawk closing in for the kill, I seductively gently tease his sensitive skin with my long, red, fingernails. The look on Phil's face is absolutely priceless with each and every pass I make. Reading his body language, I slow my circling to gently gnaw and nibble on his earlobes while reaching around his naked body to briefly caress and tease his soft cock; delicately stroking it until it gets hard as a rock in my hand.

Making my way around to the front, I can see Phil's eyes bulging, radiating the lust in his heart. I can tell his timid mind is completely seduced. Instinctively, I know he desires to touch my flesh in sexually intimate ways while I seductively punish his mind lustful temptation.

"Have you been naughty this evening?" I ask pausing for a moment, looking Phil deep in his eyes; navigating my fingernails slowly down his hairy chest towards his hard cock. 

"Mmmmmmmphtugh." Phil nods in agreement unable to speak with the ball gag in his mouth.

"You have been a bad, bad boy." I tease Phil cupping my cold hand under his balls, slowly massaging them with my fingers; titillating them with my long fingernails until his cock begins leaking pre cum.

"Mmmmmmmphtugh." Phil nods again following my every move with his eyes as I slowly and seductively run my fingers up the length of his cock from the base to the head.

Pre cum leaks profusely from Phil's hard cock; I can tell his mind is on fire, but I'm nowhere near done punishing his mind. With a delicate touch from one of my fingertips, I wipe the pre cum oozing from Phil's cock and transfer it to my tongue in a sexually suggestive way heightening the mood of the scene. Phil is absolutely squirming with anticipation. 

Gently kissing Phil on his forehead, I spread his pre cum around on his flesh with my wet, salivating tongue. I assume he will follow me down his chest and around his nipples with his eyes as I use my salivating tongue to trace a chaotic, curvaceous path towards his hard cock. Crouching to my knees, I tease his cock; licking the pre cum from the head with my warm, wet, tongue continuously massaging his balls. Looking up to lock my eyes with Phil's, I can tell he is full of anticipation; anxiously waiting for me to wrap my plump, succulent, lips around his hard cock.

Breathing deeply, I slowly rise to me feet and face away from Phil. Squirming in the restraints, Phil tries half heartedly to escape. The time is ripe to utterly devastate his mind with his own lust. Slowly, I lift my black, leather, mini dress and seductively lower my red satin panties down past my hips all the way to my ankles revealing my smooth, soft, ass cheeks to Phil. My actions are overwhelming Phil's mind; I can only imagine the look on Phil's face. Rotating my hips in a circular motion, I ease myself backwards until I fish hook his hard cock in the crack of my ass cheeks. 

"I did say this was gonna be fun as Hell, right?" I tell myself massaging and caressing Phil's hard cock between my soft, smooth, ass cheeks. "Mmmmm." I moan out loud, arching my back, rubbing my ass cheeks up and down the full length of Phil's hard cock, gently smearing his pre cum in my crack; teasing his cock with my ass.

Phil is definitely lost in fantasy, desperately thrusting his hips forward ; trying to push his hard cock inside me to penetrate me - not happening. It's time to end this fantasy game. I coerce the feeling of orgasm onto Phil's drunken mind using the Diablo Masquerade. Suddenly, I feel his warm, sticky cum being ejaculated onto my ass cheeks dripping slowly into my ass crack without penetration. Phil collapses to the floor as soon as I release his mind from the illusion I coerced into his inebriated thoughts; the sad thing is Phil actually believes he had an orgasm.

"I've given you exactly what your heart desires, Phil. Now, I want something from you in return." I demand standing over Phil's mentally and sexually exhausted body.

"Anything. Anything you want, Kira. Just say it and it's yours." Phil says crawling slowly and submissively to my feet gently kissing my thigh high, black leather, stilettos.

"I want you to transfer the generic research company to me and not to Walter Stonehenge." I demand extending my foot towards Phil. 

"Say no more. It's yours, Kira." Phil replies, literally worshiping the ground I walk on; kissing my leather stilettos passionately.

Within a few moments, Phil presents the merger papers to me listing me as the new owner of my genetic research company. After reading over the papers, I sign them making them effective. I would celebrate my triumphant victory with Phil, but his drunk ass passes out on the floor beside the shattered wine bottle.

"Not bad." I chuckle, folding up the papers; putting them in my purse. "I managed to get my genetic research company back without spending a penny or having to fuck this drunk, obnoxious fool in the process." I boast pridefully, walking towards the door; leaving Phil passed out in the middle of the floor. "Damn, I'm good. I wonder what he would have done or said if I had showed him my cock?" I jest opening the door, taking one last look at Phil passed out on the floor. "He'd probably have fainted. ...hahaha. Too bad he passed out first.

Strolling out of the privacy room, I have a high level of confidence written on my face. Making my way back into the main area of the Chamber, I find Walter and Walter still sitting in the booth having a few drinks; it appears they are having a romantic discussion. By the looks of things, it looks like Rhonda has managed to keep Walter preoccupied rather well; it's time to ruin someone's day.

"Give it up, Walter. Your plan has failed. Phil just signed the company over to me, not you." I insist standing over Walter flirting with Rhonda groping her breast.

"What the fuck?" Walter shouts venting his frustration, suspicious of a setup, flinging the table towards Rhonda; knocking her unconscious. 

"It's over, Walter. The papers have been signed." I reply, watching Walter sling everything in sight away from him; preparing to defend myself.

"You just signed your death warrant, bitch!" Walter exclaims enraged, tightening his fists.

I would be foolish to assume Walter is not genetically enhanced himself undergoing some experiments. His initial lunging attack nearly takes me by surprise, knocking me off balance. It's obvious he has lightning fast reflexes. Each and every strike I initiate either with my hands or feet is quickly blocked or countered. Back and forth we tussle, knocking over tables and throwing each other into walls; it's all I can do to hold my own against his speed and strength. 

Panicked people scatter throughout the Chamber giving way as our fight escalates in intensity. A short stumble leaves me off balance; it's quickly followed with four or five quick blows from Walter's lighting fast hands knocking me senseless. And, to think he's intoxicated.

"Fuck, there's no telling how fast or how hard he would be hitting me if he were sober." I tell myself, wiping the warm blood from my lips; trying to stay focused the best I can.

Quickly regaining my composure, I resume the brutal fight. Matching Walter blow for blow, trading off kicks and punches, elbows and upper cuts, with an occasional leg sweep; finally beating him to the punch. Striking Walter a double palm heel strike to the chest, I send him flying backwards into a wall with my enhanced physical strength. I watch Walter's body melt down the wall in a lifeless slump. Satisfied the fight in over, I rush to Rhonda's side; shaking her to nudge her back to consciousness. 

"Rhonda, are you, ok?" I ask removing the debris partially covering her incapacitated body; there's little I can do if she's seriously injured. 

"Uuuugh..." Rhonda mumbles from her semi conscious state rolling her body over to face me. "Look out!" Rhonda warns as Walter lunges towards me making one final desperate attack with his boot knife.

Without Rhonda's warning I would've been caught completely off guard. Instead, I have enough time to spin and grab Walter's wrist to stop his attack. The force of his lunge sends us tumbling over the silver metal railing. Pushing Walter's arm away; preventing him from cutting me with the knife, I make a last ditch effort activating the Diablo Masquerade. 

Seizing the moment of opportunity, I pull Walter into my fantasy world of imagination coercing my will upon his mind so that my illusions become his reality. A blinding flash of blue light opens a portal below engulfing us both before we slam into the floor below. Several thousands of feet in the air, the portal opens again; allowing both Walter and I to free fall from some twenty thousand feet above the ground surface. 

"I should have killed you when I had the chance, Kira; when you were just a pathetic excuse of a man named Jason James Coldburn." Walter shouts struggling to drive his blade into my throat, unaffected by my illusion.

"You made me this way; now it's gonna be your downfall." I shout tightening my grip on Walter's wrist, pushing the knife away from me; struggling for control of the situation.

"I made you and I can fucking destroy you." Walter shouts struggling to overpower me with his attack.

Continuing to struggle and fight the whole way down, Walter tries desperately to cut my throat with his boot knife. I wrestle with him, preventing that from happening. Before we slam into the ground at terminal velocity, another portal opens up engulfing us once again.

In a bizarre twist of events, I manipulate the illusion I'm coercing onto Walter's mind. This time we are free falling through the eternal fires of Hell. Having reached a stalemate with Walter's knife attack, I close my eyes to the horrors of Hell. I'm guessing Walter's resistance to my illusion is slowly breaking down, overcoming his mind. I'm soon deafened by Walter's horrific, tormented, screaming. Exploiting the moment I use both my hands to break Walter's wrist. The sudden pain causes him to open his eyes wide to the horrors of Hell.

All around us demonic silhouettes fly and swoop in close, clawing at Walter's flesh; leaving huge bleeding claw marks across his chest as they rip through his clothes. The intensity of the Hellfire sears and burns his flesh; the smell almost putrid. The blood oozing from his flesh quickly burns away. Down, down into the eternal abyss of torment we plummet uncontrollably through clawing and gnashing of teeth from billions of lost souls condemned to Hell. I feel Walter's body go completely limp; I can only assume he has dropped his boot knife into the fires of Hell. I'm almost tempted to open my eyes, releasing my grip on Walter's wrist; to intensify the illusion I'm coercing onto his fragile mind - but that would be overkill.

In an instant a blinding flash of blue light engulfs us once again as another portal opens leaving both Walter and I lying on the ground floor in the Chamber. Beside Walter his boot knife liquifies on the floor, seeping into the cracks in the floor. Quickly standing to my feet, I straddle Walter's trembling body; allowing him to look up my black leather, mini dress at my pantyless covered cock. I want Walter to know this is his payback for destroying my life for his perverse, morbid, business gains. Rhonda soon joins me standing at my side.

"What's happening to him, Rhonda?" I ask unsure myself what just happened. 

"Judging by the way he's trembling, it looks he's in cardiac arrest." Rhonda replies crossing her arms refusing to offer help. "What the Hell did you force into his mind?" Rhonda asks bewildered.

"You can say that again." I reply coldly looking down into Walter's distant eyes bulging with fear. "Is he still alive?"

"His life is quickly slipping away." Rhonda reminds me, placing her hand on my shoulder, comforting me; reminding me my horrors have reached an end. 

"Fuck you." I snarl stomping my stiletto heel down into one of Walter's bulging eyes.

The moment of triumph quickly returns to reality. A circle of spectators congregate around us; in the distance I can hear police sirens. I gaze momentarily at the warm blood oozing from Walter's eye socket. I'm somewhat relieved; glad it's finally over.

"We need to go, Kira." Rhonda insists ushering me towards the door to leave.

Soon as we reach the safety of my Lamborghini Diablo, I shift my appearance and attire disguising myself; activate the cloaking device allowing the car to stay invisible to the naked eyes. It's a good thing, too; dozens of cop cars encircle the Chamber and storm inside on a report of an altercation taking place. I relax a little bit placing my hand on Rhonda's inner thigh for comfort.

"Where to now, Rhonda?" I question unsure of what fate lies ahead of me weaving the invisible Lamborghini through a maze of cars in Atlanta traffic.

"Let's head back to James Coldburn's penthouse." Rhonda suggests. "It's yours now, you know." Rhonda assures me. "We have a future to write together and a past to put behind us." Rhonda replies with a wicked, devious grin on her face.