 Abby is a normal girl who comes to possess a very unique gem. It gives her powers to reshape herself and those around her in any way she wants. But, as with any power, there is a cost, and in this case the source of the power is the energy of others.

Abby walked out of the bar, into a warm Brooklyn summer Friday evening. She was tipsy, but still had her faculties mostly intact. She'd left her roommate Sarah in the bar, like she did most nights they went out. Abby knew Sarah would be just fine, and felt she'd fulfilled her social obligations for the evening. They lived far enough away they she thought about hailing a cab, but decided it was too pleasant an evening to bother. She started the 10 block walk home.

Abby was mad at letting Sarah talk her into coming out tonight. Whenever she went out with Sarah, she often wound up feeling like just an accessory, as Sarah flirted with various men, until she found one she wanted to spend the night with. As of late, Sarah had been hooking up with a "bro" named Wil. Abby didn't like him, but according to Sarah, he was "hot and hung". Abby knew that Sarah would get tired of him eventually, and that would be the end of Wil. 

Wil had a friend named Mike, who seemed to occupy the same position, in relation to Wil, that Abby did for Sarah. Both Abby and Mike were far too timid to do much more than make small talk with each other. They'd even occasionally make eye contact. Earlier in the evening, Sarah had given Abby Mike's number. It was Wil's idea. Abby didn't really know how to feel about that, or how she felt about Mike, but that was not a new situation for her these last few months.

At 22, Abby was still a virgin. She had kissed a few boys, but never gone past some heavy petting. She'd never had a real relationship. She was definitely attracted to men, but just didn't know how to act on those feelings. She'd grown up in a very conservative family in a small town in flyover country. The kind of place where the high school had corn fields surrounding it. Her parents loved her, but weren't very good at showing it. She had a small group of close friends, but they gradually lost contact as she advanced in college. Sarah was really her only close friend. 

If her conservative roots and lack of self-confidence weren't enough to keep her from perusing a love life, her looks didn't help. She was 5' 2" and weighed 145 pounds. Her hair was dirty brown and never cooperated with her. She usually wore it in a lose pony tail. Her eyes were a pale blue. Her face was unremarkable, except for her acne scars and blotchy skin. She had large hips, but minimal curves to show for it. Up top she was basically flat, and wore an A cup bra more out of a sense of propriety than need. 

When she started college, she'd been randomly paired up with Sarah for a roommate. They quickly bonded over a shared appreciation for bad Sci-fi movies and Harry Potter books, and spent many late nights glued to the TV watching b-horror movies. Abby was something of an introvert, but Sarah was outgoing and enjoyed taking advantage of the vast supply of young horny people in their dorm. She playfully tormented Abby with stories of her sexual conquests. Abby always acted shocked, but in secret, it turned her on. They became the closest of friends, and after graduation both moved to Brooklyn to pursue their goals and start their lives.

Abby was most of the way home when she paused to marvel at a church. It must have been at least 200 years old. Huge granite stones, large stained glass windows, and even some gargoyles. All very Gothic in appearance. Passing the yard next to the church, she saw something shiny hanging from the wrought iron fence surrounded the church grounds. It was a necklace. She picked it up, and examined it. The chain was fine, and looked to be made of gold. There was a sizable red stone hanging on a pendant. The whole thing was very long.

Abby put it in her purse, and made a mental note to call the church the next day, someone would definitely be looking for something like this. She finished the walk and let herself into the apartment she and Sarah shared. It was a very small 3rd floor, two bedroom walkup. The rent was absurd, but they managed to get by.

Abby removed her shoes, threw her purse on her bed, and started to take off her clothes, still wearing her work outfit. She removed her plain white blouse, charcoal skirt, grey bra and panties, none of which really fit very well. She flopped backwards onto the bed, knocking her purse over. 

The necklace spilled out and touched Abby's arm. It felt warm on her skin. She held up the necklace and examined it. The chain was gold, and very light. The stone was a good size. The overall design reminded her of a rosary with the red gem pendant in place of the cross. 

"This can't be a real stone, it'd be worth a fortune." Abby sat up and walked to the mirror on her closet door. She wanted to see the necklace in the mirror. It initially felt cool on her skin, but immediately began to warm. For a moment she thought she could see a dim light inside from the gem flicker in the mirror. She adjusted the necklace until the chain and pendant hung between her small breasts. The chain hung past her naval. She ran her hand down the necklace, feeling the warmth, and picked up the gem. It was almost hot to the touch, and seemed to be getting warmer.

As her fingers made contact with the gem, she hear a female voice cry out in release, but before she could figure out from where, a bright flash of red light and an intense heat filled the room. She felt pain in her fingers before an unknown force threw her backward on to her bed. Sprawled out on top of her bed, she fell unconscious.

Around her bed, the few candles she kept in her room had melted slightly and a trace smell of something burning filled the space. The necklace was gone, but the stone itself had survived the incident and was now embedded in Abby's navel. Its color was dark, like dried blood, but there was a small light that flickered in the center of the stone. 

That night Abby had strange dreams. The dreams were vivid, and all involved Abby in various forms of intercourse, with both men and women. Within the dreams, she could sense the energy being released by her love making, and felt that energy wash over her whenever someone was climaxing. 

After a few hours of dreaming, a new body appeared in her dream. A gorgeous woman. Her features weren't clearly defined, but Abby could just sense that her body was flawless. Her eyes were a deep purple, and she had black lips and fang-like elongated canine teeth. The woman joined the dream orgy, taking and giving pleasure in equal parts, and eventually she receded to the shadows of the dream, and simply observed the love making.

Toward the end of the dream, all the other bodies disappeared except the woman. A mirror appeared next to the woman. Abby walked in front of the mirror, and looked into it. 

A faceless body stood where her reflection should have been. The form had pale skin covered in thin, black, shadowy lines, like veins full of pitch. Its shape was androgynous and kept shifting. It became a large, built masculine form, then flowed back toward androgyny, and then solidified into a curvy, well-endowed female figure. 

Abby felt herself becoming slightly aroused at the final shape the figure took. The woman next to the mirror smile, her fangs visible. 

"An excellent selection, my child. Now to bring this dream to reality."

Abby was suddenly overcome with arousal. Her pussy began radiating heat, and she threw her hands toward it. Her right hand worked her clit as fast as it could, and her left plunged two fingers into her pussy, back and forth, going as deep as she could.

Abby felt her arousal building. She was so close to coming, but suddenly she felt like she was being pulled away from the dream. The woman next to the mirror spoke again, "We'll be seeing more of each other soon." Abby began to orgasm.

Abby awoke with a startle. Her phone was buzzing. She realized her hands were in her crotch, and covered with her own juices. She was covered in sweat, and her sheets were soaked. Her pussy and clit felt almost raw. She could smell her scent in the heavy air. She couldn't remember much of her dreams, but they had clearly excited her.

She looked at her no longer buzzing phone, it was already 1:30. The buzz was from a text from Sarah, "Hey sleepyhead, went to lunch with some of the girls from the office. You were still out cold. Txt if you want food." 

"How did I sleep that long?" She made her way to the tiny bathroom to clean herself up. By force of habit, she checked her face in the mirror, looking for any new pimples needing poppy. To her surprise, her face looked clear and healthy. The normal pock marks and scars on her cheeks seemed diminished.

She ran the shower, and stepped in. She washed her hair and had started soaping up her body when she saw the gem in her naval. She felt around it, there seemed to be no clear end to her skin and the start of the gem. She could move her belly skin around to tell it was still hard, and definitely attached to her. It didn't hurt at least, but it was cause for concern. She wondered if Sarah had played a joke on her, but this wasn't her typical prank type.

She finished her shower, dried off and grabbed her phone. She texted Sarah, "very hungry, bring me whatever is easy" and made her way to her bedroom again. She stood in front of the mirror on her closet door to closer examine the stone in her navel. This time, when she touched the stone, she felt a slight tingle work its way through her toward her pussy. The stone felt warmer, and the tingle started to build until she was noticeably turned on. She felt wetness seep in between her lower lips. She went to her bed, lied back and started rubbed her clit, and pinching her small nipples with her left. 

Her mind rapidly filled with erotic images. Men with chiseled features and women with huge breasts and hairless pussies. She pushed her middle and ring fingers into pussy, as far as she could, working in and out rapidly. Her mind shifted to the thought of Sarah's nude body, and she saw Sarah's head buried between her legs. 

Eventually her point of view shifted, she was now looking down toward Sarah's back and Sarah was on all fours, facing away. Abby was fucking Sarah from behind. She looked down and saw a huge cock slamming into her roommate. Somehow she knew the cock was actually her clit, but massively enlarged. These thoughts, combined by her self-stimulation, pushed her over the edge, until she came again so hard she blacked out.

Sarah came home around 3:00pm. She didn't see any signs of Abby, other than the light still on in the bathroom. Sarah eased her roommate's bedroom door open and was surprised by what she saw. Her roommate was splayed out on her bed, hands buried in her pussy and a huge grin on her face. Yet, she appeared to be unconscious.

Sarah noticed the raw smell of sex that filled the room. She couldn't ever remember having seen or heard her roommate masturbate before. She closed the door to Abby's room and busied herself with the groceries she bought and straightening up the apartment.

Sarah was, by all accounts, an attractive woman. Built to move, her years of dance practice and as a member of her high school cross country team reinforced that. She stood 5'9" and she had a slim, almost, lanky build. Her hair was light blond, and her eyes were clear blue/grey. Her breasts were a smallish B cup, and with the right bra she could create a nice little valley of cleavage. If you asked her though, her best feature was, undoubtedly, her legs and butt. She took pleasure in wearing short skirts, sun dresses and cutoffs whenever she could. 

8:00pm was approaching and Sarah had plans for the evening. Abby was still asleep. Sarah hopped she hadn't caught a cold or something. Sarah was going to meet up with Wil tonight. She made sure to wear a nice, short skirt, tight top and some medium heels. She wanted to make sure she could get what she wanted out of him. This was to be the last hurrah before she had to cut him off. 

Wil was a jerk, and she didn't have patience for his arrogance any more. If it weren't for the monster in his trousers, she'd have cut him loose weeks ago. The truth was, she'd never been with someone as big as him. Maybe as long as he was, but not as big around. She suspected he'd become abusive if she actually started dating him, so she wanted one last fuck before ending it. 

She made her way downstairs to catch a cab, and met Wil at a trendy bar in the Lower East Side. They had some drinks and ate at some middle of the road Italian place. Afterward, they went to a dark club with thumping music, and he quickly made his move on Sarah. She was enjoying the music and didn't feel like going back to his place quite yet. 

"I wanna dance, come dance with me!"

"I'm tired of dancing, let's grab a cab, head back to my place."

Sarah considered his offer, but she barely had a buzz and wanted to enjoy the evening a little before going back to his place to get her pussy pounded.

"It's only 11:30, we're not that old, come on!"

Sarah walked toward the dance floor without him, but to her surprise he didn't follow. Wil stayed seated, looking angry. Sarah started moving to the music, and grinding on the other people dancing. 

She wanted to torment Wil a little, so she started rubbing up against a redhead in plunging dress. The redhead seemed to be game, and spun around, grinding her ass into Sarah. She thought for certain that Wil would be coming out onto the dance floor by now, but when she looked over he was gone.

Now Sarah was distracted by Wil's disappearing act. She felt her phone buzz and saw a text.

"FU, I got better things to do than watch u lez out, fking slut."

There it was, his petulant inner asshole. 

Sarah had lost her interest in club and grabbed a cab back to her apartment, hoping Abby was awake and feeling better. As Sarah shut the door to their apartment, Abby woke up. At least Abby's body woke up. Her mind was still lost in a fog of sex and confusion. Her body was hungry, and didn't care on what it fed.

Abby walked into the living room, still half wearing her robe, startling Sarah. 

"Oh, thank goodness Abbs, I thought you were sick." Abby said nothing, but her body was pumping out pheromones as an unnatural level. 

"Are you feeling better? There's some lunch meat and bread I got at the store today. You will not believe the shit Wil just pulled! Oh, wow, my head feels weird, damn it's warm in here."

Sarah started to feel overcome by the heat in the apartment. She was getting turned on, but couldn't figure out why. Abby reached out with her mind, and filled Sarah's mind with thoughts of sex.

Sarah, not really understanding what was happening, pulled her top over her head, and dropped her skirt to the floor, leaving her in just her thong. Abby walked toward her, grabbed her hand and lead Sarah back to her bedroom.

Abby laid back on the bed, while Sarah climbed between her legs kissing the insides of Abby's thighs. She was driven to taste Abby and moved her mouth onto her pussy. She worked Abby's slit up and down with her tongue, and gently started probing her clit. She inserted her index and middle fingers into her roommate, and started working back and forth, gaining speed. 

Abby was soaking wet. Sarah kept licking and fucking her roommate's pussy with her tongue. She pulled her hand away and used her left thumb to pull Abby's clit hood out of the way and began forcefully working the exposed clit with her tongue. 

Abby felt her orgasm coming quickly. Sarah kept working Abby's clit with her hand and then started to kiss her way up her friend's body. She nibbled on Abby's nipples, and watched them harden as she teased. Sarah kissing Abby with a strong, wet kiss. Their tongues entwining, while they each tried to devour the others mouth. Sarah used her thumb to put pressure on Abby's clit, and felt the incredible heat coming off her Abby's pussy. 

As they continued to kiss and finger fuck, until Abby felt her orgasm start to take hold. Sarah sensed it and worked her that much faster. As the orgasm began to wash over Abby, she felt compelled to kiss Sarah and as she did, she could feel her body drawing something out from Sarah. 

A strange red smoke-like fluid flowed out of Sarah's throat, through her wide open mouth, and down into Abby. Abby's orgasm seemed linked to this process, and when the red smoke entered Abby, she started to shake violently, overcome with pleasure on a magnitude she'd never experienced. 

Sarah collapsed on her, her fingers still buried in Abby's pussy. Abby didn't notice as she was still wrestling with the all-encompassing sensations rolling over her entire body. Eventually she blacked out from the experience.

An hour or so later, Abby woke. She felt incredible, easily the best she could remember having ever felt. She stood and went to the mirror in her room. She was so distracted by her new found vigor, she failed to notice her roommate, passed out on the sex stain they'd left, breathing shallowly.

Abby stared in the mirror, unsure of what exactly she was looking for. She then felt a strange sensation, centered on the red stone in her navel. A warmth filled her, gradually turning to a heat. She felt almost overcome by it. Wisps of steam began was rising from her skin. 

In her mind, she heard a voice, "ASCEND!"

Her gaze began focusing on what she was seeing in the mirror. She hated her hair and it was a complete mess from her recent fucking. She mentally willed to be easier to style and maintain, like the woman in the shampoo commercial she had seen recently. Just then, it started moving on its own reshaping itself and smoothing itself out, losing the frizz it always naturally had. 

It began to change color, shifting from a dirty brown to a deep, dark red. She mentally imagined what it would look like if it were longer, and as she did, it grew from the usual length just below her ears, to below her should blades. It took on a natural waviness.

As her trance continued, she willed away her acne scars and freckles completely. She lightened her complexion, and watched as her eye brows thinned and reshaped themselves. The slight kink in her nose flattened away, and her teeth whitened. Her face looked like she had just had a full makeover, evenly toned, clear and smooth. 

Her lips plumped into a perfect bow and took on a natural shine. She found she could mentally change the shade between deep dark red and a light pink. She settled on a something in between.

Next she looked down to her stomach, and with a slight mental push watched as her paunch seemed to melt away, leaving behind a flat, trim stomach. She willed her waist to shrink in, to give her much more pronounced curves. Turning sideways in the mirror, she was pleased by her now flat tummy. 

Next she focused on her ass. She watched as it reshaped itself, going first from a saggy cellulite filled mass into a pert, curved rear. She enjoyed how it lifted itself and firmed up, taking on a peach like shape. 

Her legs, likewise, began to thin down and take on definition and firmness. Her once thick thighs and ankles were now thin curvaceous columns of muscle. They darkened to match the rest of her skin tone. 

She turned to face the mirror directly again, and saw for the first time, a gap just below her pussy. Tracing her gaze lower, she saw a sexy set of legs she knew she'd be proud to show off in a skirt. 

She looked at her pussy. It was still slick from her lovemaking with Sarah. She never liked how dense her bush was, so she made it hairless and smooth. She could clearly see her outer labia now, and tried to change their color to match her facial lips. She was delighted when she could make them match. 
