 Val: Human Barbarian. An 21 year old tomboy who grew up in a mountain clan, learning to fight from an early age. She is tall with an athletic build, large breasts, shaggy brown hair, and many scars. Her clothing consists of little more than a fur thong and a skimpy breastplate that barely covers her bronzed chest.

Penny Half-Pocket: Halfling Rouge. Val's best and only friend, a naive and naughty girl. Like all Halflings she is half the size of a grown human, with a slender waist, small breasts, and a surprisingly curvy butt for her size. She has short black hair with long bangs and large blue eyes. She wears tight leather shorts, leather boots, leather gloves, and a tight leather vest. 

Lira Half-Pocket: Halfling Bard. Penny's hedonistic sister, who prefers singing, drinking, smoking, and fucking to fighting and working. Curvy little slut with long black hair tied into a thick braid and big blue eyes. She wears revealing, frilly clothes and carries a mondolin that's almost as large as she is. 

Solaria El'Shalathor: Elven Wizard. A pompous and haughty bitch, accustomed to living with wealth and comfort. Very tall, blonde, stunningly beautiful, slender body, long legs, very long blonde hair, pointy ears. Usually wears very expensive revealing robes, that leave as much of her cleavage, stomach, and back bare as possible. 

Sister Delilah: Human Priestess. A shy, humble woman who is adept at healing magic: Very curvy and voluptuous, long curly purple hair, dark skin, and thick, soft lips. She wears a dark purple robe that clings to her body as if it were wet. 

#####

A brave knight, a crafty wizard, a elven archer, a noble cleric, and a dwarven warrior all sat around a table in a crowded tavern, plotting their newest campaign into the forsaken tomb of Beehgbhas, the Arch-Lich, where legend said the magical Sword of the Undying was buried . . . and not a single one of them noticed their pockets getting picked.

Penny Half-pocket had been staying in this dank, filthy tavern for almost a week making sport of its patrons, robbing them of what little coin they had. The innkeeper, a tired old gnome named Zarkastick, was perfectly aware of what Penny was up to, but so long as she used the stolen coin to pay her rent and didn't get caught he didn't care. And besides, Penny's girlfriend was not a woman to be crossed.

"Get enough coin to buy a decent drink tonight?" Zarkastick asked, hoping the curvy little Halfling would actually spend money tonight. 

Penny grumbled. "Just give me another mug of that cheap horse-piss you call beer," she said dropping a few stolen coins onto the bar. The problem with Zarkastick's tavern was that it only attracted a certain kind of adventurers: poor ones. 

"You'd make more coin using other parts of your body, you know," Zarkastick said, giving the cute little girl an admiring look. "Humans pay good money to stretch out a tight Halfling pussy."

"I'm not my sister," Penny groaned, blushing bright red. "Now get me that beer, you wrinkled piece of imp-shit."

The old gnome cackled and hopped off his stool, disappearing into a towering maze of kegs and bottles to find his cheapest, shittiest ale.

He was right though. Penny was a cute, fuckable little piece of ass. Like all Halflings, she was little more than four feet high and had slightly rounded ears, but other than that she had the appearance of a perfectly sexy little girl, albeit her face, breasts, and ass were rather pronounced for her small body. Her clothing was quite provocative as well, being little more than a tight leather vest that pushed up her small cleavage, and tiny leather shorts that left most of her big, heart-shaped ass on total display. There was nothing unusual about her dress though, not in her world where nudity was quite common and clothing only was worn when essential or to display wealth. Penny had no wealth to display, but she did need to keep her small breasts under control (hence the vest) and she needed something to carry her daggers on (hence the shorts). 

The door to the tavern opened and Penny hoped it would be someone wealthy enough to be worth pickpocketing, but she was just as happy to see a six-foot human with toned muscles, large breasts, and lots of messy brown hair. This human girl was pretty in a tomboyish way, and for her age of 21 she was rather tall and mature looking, but her perpetually cocky smile was obviously youthful. She wore little more than a dented breastplate which failed to contain her large breasts, and a tight leather thong that hugged her muscular buttocks. 

"Val!" Penny waved to the barbarian. "Any luck today sweetie?"

"Sorry, Penny, but the Fighters' Guild hasn't had any contracts in a month, and all of the mayor's bounties have been taken up by other mercenaries." Val grumbled, feeling the empty coin purse at her side. "I don't even have enough money left for that horse-piss the old gnome sells."

Penny made a cooing sound and stroked Val's toned stomach. "Don't worry, babe. I'll get you good and liquored up."

Val smiled. "Trying to seduce me, you little slut?"

"Would I need to try that hard?"

The women laughed playfully and kissed, Val leaning over and smacking her lips against Penny's, their tongue rolling over one another. To a stranger it might look like a grown woman was making out with a child, but the tall and muscular Val was only 21, whereas her petite girlfriend was actually 35, although 35 was still young as Halflings counted time. 

"Here are your beers, you dykes," Zarkastick said as he slammed two large mugs of frothy yellow liquid on the bar.

Val made a rude gesture to him with her hand and downed the beer, her large breasts heaving as she chugged the ale with big, loud gulps. Large drops of the beer spilled from her puffy lips and rolled down her neck, splashing on to her firm, bronzed breasts. 

Everyone in the room was looking at her, but most knew of Val's reputation too well to attempt hitting on her, at least right away. The first night Val had stayed at Zarcastick's she had been the target of three handsome brothers, all of whom obviously wanted to battle the young girl in bed. The first she politely refused, the second she beat the shit out of and threw out a window, and the third she took to her room along with Penny, and three of them spent all night fucking each other's brains out. What unnerved people was that the three brothers Val had treated so differently hadn't actually done anything different themselves. They had even looked the exact same, being triplets. It was as if Val had just randomly picked one to ignore, one to beat up, and one to fuck. This sort of unpredictable behavior from the attractive warrior continued, and soon people came to understand that Val was just a wild, chaotic, horny bitch who lived by her every whim without any forethought or reflection. But she was arousing, lovely, and hot, so boys kept coming, and they just crossed their fingers and hoped they would be one of the random ones chosen for a night of life-altering sex, although most found themselves waking up in the hospital with broken bones, ruptured testicles, and sometimes foreign objects inserted up the rectums. Val was a crazy bitch. 

As the night went on Penny and Val kicked back a few beers and played a few rounds of darts (most of which they lost) and by the end of the night they found themselves completely penniless again. The tavern was crowded by this point, and many of the patrons were very drunk, so if Val really needed the coin she would have had Penny steal some, but Val didn't really care about money. Growing up in a war-torn border kingdom, Val learned to treat every day like it was going to be her last, and so she spent every moment she could laughing, drinking, partying, fighting, and fucking, all the things she loved. Even now she had nimble little Penny sitting in her lap, as her hand was buried down the front of the Halfling's shorts, loudly slurping in and out of her tight pussy. 

"Excuse me," a husky, feminine voice shyly asked. "Would you two happen to be adventures? Val and Penny." 

Val growled as she broke away from her drunken girlfriend's kisses. "Yeah. We're . . . wow!"

Val lost her breath when she saw the woman who had approached them. She was a tall, voluptuous woman with long, curly hair that was dark purple, as where her large, sparkling eyes. Her skin was dark, smooth, and flawless, although she had a very mature demeanor and seemed to be at least 40. The robe she wore was a darker shade of purple than her hair, and it clung to her sensual body as if it were wet, every curve of her massive breasts, erect nipples, curvy hips, toned stomach, and even the mound of her vulva outlined in explicit detail. As she breathed, her husky voice gasped, and her breasts heaved. Something about her pronounced exhaustion was very erotic.

"I . . . I need your help," the woman said, almost on the verge of tears. Her body quivered as a woman's does when experiencing an orgasm. "I can pay you. I can pay you as much as you want." She clumsily undid a bulky purse and spilled a small fortune of gold coins and tiny gemstones onto the table.

"Wa-wa-why us?" Penny stuttered, stupefied by the almost ridiculous amount of wealth on the table, just as she was by the dark skinned woman's incredible beauty. 

In fact, everyone in the room was staring at the voluptuous stranger with hungry, lustful gazes. As she leaned over to reveal the gold, the slinky material of her robe melted around the curves of her large ass, almost as if daring someone to mount her. Poor knights, impoverished wizards, and desperate rogues started nudging a little closer to Val's table, their greedy eyes darting back and forth between the woman's curvy body and her hefty purse. 

Val quickly swept the gold and gems back into the pouch. "Let's talk in private. It's starting to feel a little crowded in hear. 

##### 

The room Penny and Val shared wasn't very big, very clean, or very hospitable, but it was a perfect spot for sleeping off hangovers and having sex. It was as small as some closets were, with a single window that looked directly into a prostitute's room, and a single bed. That didn't bother Val and Penny though. They got to have a show as they spent all night slapping their things together. The room was so small though that there was only enough room for two of them to stand, so the mysterious woman took the bed, looking extremely vulnerable and appetizing as she rested on her arched back.

"My names is Delilah," she said, hugging her gelatinous breasts with her long, slender arms. "I'm a sister at the Temple of Vea, a goddess of fertility worshipped in the islands of the East. For generations our temple has provided our people with healing, spiritual guidance in the ways of love, harmony, and . . .," she bit her lip, . . . and sex. We have always been peaceful, believing that most wars can be fought and won in bed rather than on the field, so we were completely unprepared for what happened one year ago. A brutal warlord named Kor attacked us, desecrated our temple, raped dozens of our sisters, and stole something of immense value and power from our vaults. I've spent the last year tracking him, and I think for the first time I've cornered him. He was injured in a battle and has been recovering in an ancient ruin in the nearby mountains."

Penny was shivering with excitement and her big blue eyes sparkled with wonderment. Just the thought of ancient tombs, magical artifacts, and evil warlords was making her pussy so wet that cum was trickling down her thigh. "A quest! A real fucking quest! We'll do it!" 

"Hang on to your panties, sweetie," Val said, sounding very skeptical. She was currently untying the cords of her breastplate, stripping it off and peeling down her tight thong. Her athletic, buxom body was totally nude and she started to rub it down with a wet cloth from a bucket of scalding water. She didn't feel shy at all about bathing in front of a total stranger. After all, it was this bitch who was wasting HER time. "Why us? This tavern is full of whole parties of adventurers, most of them filled with big, strong men. Why ask for help from a Halfling pickpocket and a naked barbarian."

Delilah bit her lip and shyly shuffled her long, glistening legs. "The item Kor stole possess powerful magic, capable of controlling large groups of men as if they were puppets. High-priestesses of Vea once used it to stop wars and compel kings to renounce violence, but when fear of its abuse started to inspire revolts, the High-priestess locked it away. This item . . . the Diadem of Domination . . . it allows Kor to control any man he gets close to."

Val smiled. "So let me guess. It doesn't work on women."

Delilah nodded. "Please. Help me. I just need to hire one or two more female warriors, and that should be enough to confront Kor. Help me get the Diadem back, and I will pay you whatever I can. The Temple of Vea is very wealthy, so please consider all those gold coins and gems to be a first payment."

The gold and gems in question had been spilled onto the floor in a little pile, and a naked Penny was rolling around in it like a purring kitten, rubbing the treasure against her small breasts and petite body with almost orgasmic abandon. Halflings were not quite as greedy as dwarves or gnomes were, but the touch of gold still aroused them on a literally sexual level. 

Val giggled. "That's a pretty good start. But if you want us to go against a brutal, evil warlord I'm going to need something to sweeten the pot."

Delilah's dark purple eyes widened with sadness. "But . . . but that money is all I have on me. I can't get . . .huh!"

The voluptuous priestess gasped heavily as Val's strong hand firmly groped her large, mocha colored breasts. The purple robes she wore had a plunging neckline to reveal her bountiful cleavage, and Val reached into it to pull out one of her large, dark nipples. Val teased the nipple, gently prodding and twisting it between her fingers, and to her surprise Delilah began to whimper as a small, hot stream of milk leaked out.

Val almost laughed out loud. "Holy shit. You're lactating."

Delilah was dizzy and on the verge of tears. "I . . . I . . . my goddess Vea. She keeps all her priestesses fertile. I am . . . I am always producing milk and I'm . . . I'm always so horny." She said this like it was a shameful secret, biting her lip and looking away as a single sparkling tear rolled down her soft, brown face. 

Val grabbed Delilah's chin and pulled her full lips forward for a deep, passionately kiss, one so powerful that the priestess moaned submissively and her toes curled. As the kiss broke a glistening strand of spit connected their lips, and when it broke it dripped onto Delilah's sizzling hot chest. 

"Val, you're . . . you're young enough to be my daughter-"

"And you're not too old to be my new bitch," Val smiled wolfishly as she pushed Delilah down and began to suck voraciously at her leaky nipple, filling her mouth with hot, delicious milk.

As the cocky young barbarian began to strip the curvy older woman, Delilah became more and more submissive, and she responded to Val's every touch with quivers and moans. Penny was as mesmerized by the sight of the two beauties rolling over one another as she was jealous. She tired creeping onto the bed and joining in but Val spanked her perky butt and pushed her out. The little girl tumbled to the floor and bounced on her butt. 

"No! Bad kitty," Val said, mocking her little slut. "Wait your turn and just sit and watch."

Penny whined a little but did as she was told. Ever since Val had caught Penny trying to steal her purse over two years ago, Val had been dominate in their relationship. Val had picked her up, slung her over her shoulder, carried her off to a cheap rented room, and spent the whole night fucking Penny's brains out. After about the twentieth intense, mind-blowing orgasm Penny agreed to become Val's personal thief and sex-toy. 

So as Val dove down between the priestesses legs and began to worship her warm, damp temple, Penny sat on the floor rubbing gold coins against her tight sex-pocket, provoking a series of wet orgasms that soaked the floor with her cum.

"We'll need . . . we'll need a few more," Delilah said, barely able to talk as Val's tongue snaked up her dripping vulva. "All women . . . and an elf maybe . . . oooohh."

"Why an elf?" Val asked, inserting two finger's into Delilah and fingering her with a series of quick, wet little pops. 

Delilah was writhing on the bed so much that she could barely answer. "Because . . . be-because . . . the ruins are elven . . . and . . . diversity . . . and . . . you never know what . . . what . . mmmmm . . . AH!"

Delilah's pussy was so soaking wet that it began to splash into Val's face as the barbarian rapidly fingered her. "Yeah, yeah. Like what if the ruins are locked with some kind of spell only an elf would know how to get through. Fine. Whatever. I know of one nearby who also happens to be pretty good at magic. I'm sure we can pick her up on the way out of town."

When Penny heard this leaned over the bed with a worried face. "Wait! You're not talking about-"

"Yep," Val interrupted.

"But she's-"

"A total bitch, I know."

"And you-"

"Fucked her fiancé. I'm sure she's forgotten about that, it was over a month ago."

"And my sister-"

"Penny!" Val yelled. "Please shut the fuck up and go back to diddling yourself so I can fuck this bitch!"

Penny whimpered but did as she was told, and soon she was cumming so hard she began to squirt all over the cold coins. Delilah wasn't long behind, and she came in Val's face so violently that the barbarian came up dripping as if she had just come in from the rain. She looked angry, and that made the timid priestess whimper, but Val just licked her lips and dove back down for more. 

It was a long night for Delilah.

#####

Loud, haughty, nasally laughter echoed in the decorative courtyard of the Mages' Guild.

"You want my help? You want mmmmmmyyyyy help!" A snobby feminine voice asked loudly, hoping everyone around would hear. The arrogant woman asking was none other than the head enchantress of the local Mages' Guild, the elegant, beautiful, and very pompous Solaria El'Shalathor. She was a tall elven woman with a very long, slender body, a swan-like neck, and her willowy chest sported two plump half-melon breasts, and her ass curved from her body like a firm bubble. Her long golden hair fell to the grassy lawn, and shone with a subtle yellow light as if it were always reflecting the rays of the sun, even when she was in the shade. Her skin was radiantly golden, flawless to a degree that it almost looked like polished metal, and most of it was visible since Solaria only wore the most revealing garments, today's dress being a skimpy green leotard studded with gemstones that left all of her ass and most of her cleavage bare. The material was so sheer and transparent that Val could see how erect Solaria's clitoris was becoming. 

Solaria El'Shalathor was the only female elf in the city that Val knew of personally, which was unfortunate, because the two young women hated each other, they always had, even before Val fucked Solaria's ex-fiancé. 

Val grated her teeth, resisting the urge to kill someone. " . . . yes."

"What was that?" Solaria asked, barely able to contain her giant, beautiful, arrogant smile. A damp spot was forming on the crotch of her green leotard. "A little louder, dear."

Val's firsts were shaking. " . . . yes . . . I need . . . you fucking . . . help," her voice was a hoarse whisper.

Solaria pursed her lips as her smile faded, leaving a cruel, spiteful expression on her perfect face. "I said 'louder,' bitch!"

Val didn't say anything at first, only growling like a wolf. She stood up and walked up to Solaria so close that their breasts mashed together, and their lips grew so close that they were almost kissing. Solaria could feel Val's angry breathes against her skin as they stared hatefully into each other's eyes.
