 "The search was called off today for Timmy Warner," the news anchor announced, "ending nearly five days of extensive searching. You may remember we started covering this story on Tuesday when Diane Warner, Timmy's mother, first declared him missing. The boy's friends and family say he had been acting strangely for days before his disappearance. He had been secretive, sneaking away to secret rendezvous. Police say there is no sign of foul play and that most likely he just ran away from home. The sad fact is we may never know what happened to Timmy Warner."

One Week Earlier ...

Life was a bit boring for Timmy Warner. The eighteen year old boy was a real homebody. Being short his whole life he had become shy - very shy. He was skinny, geekish even with glasses and hand me down clothes. He had a few friends but not too many. He was an easy going person who spent most his time on his computer. This was due mostly to the fact that his shyness kept him from ever talking to the girls in his school.

So he spent most his time on the computer. He loved to surf the web just get lost for hours on end. His favorite thing to do was to play MMORPGs. There he could be anyone he wanted to be. Usually he was the tall dashing hero. At least in the game he could talk to a girl. Which leads us to Timmy's other past time. He loved to look at porn on his computer. He would stay up way into the night looking at the women on the screen. They made him drool. God how he wanted to be with one of them so bad. 

Then one day his life changed forever. Timmy was just surfing the web late one night when he found it. It was a link on a search engine that lead him to The DD Ranch. 

"A place for well endowed women and the men who love them to meet," Timmy read. 

Huh, he began to poke around. There were images of busty women in various stages of undress. It seemed to be a user gallery. If even one of these women really used this site then wow. There was also a chat room on the site as well. Here one could talk with one of these special women if they so desired. Did he desire? What could it hurt just to talk, nothing right? What the hell. He filled out the online registration and claimed the screen name "vegas", a nickname his friends had given him one poker night a few years ago. Here we go. 

VEGAS: Hello? Any 1 out there?

He only had to wait a second or two for someone to respond.

WITCHYWOMAN: Well hello there.

VEGAS: Wow, I wasn't expecting anyone to answer me.

WITCHYWOMAN: Then why use a chat room.

VEGAS: I was just messing around really.

WITCHYWOMAN: Well then aren't you lucky?

VEGAS: Why's that?

WITCHYWOMAN: Because now you get to talk to me.

VEGAS: Not 2b rude but y is that lucky? 

There was no response. Oh no, had he offended here? Was she gone for good? Suddenly a photo appeared on the screen. It was a woman's rack. And a huge one to boot. He couldn't tell just how big because the camera was so close but the cleavage filled most the screen.

WITCHYWOMAN: As you can c I'm a bit of an expert on the subject of large breasts.

Wow, now this was a woman.

VEGAS: R those real?

WITCHYWOMAN: Does it matter?

VEGAS: I guess not.

WITCHYWOMAN: Send me a picture.

VEGAS: What?

WITCHYWOMAN: I showed you my chest now show me yours.

VEGAS: Really?

WITCHYWOMAN: Yes really. It's only fair isn't it?

She had a point, didn't she? Maybe he should. He pulled out his iphone and snapped a quick pic of his chest and transferred it to his computer. Then he posted it. He waited tensely. 

WITCHYWOMAN: Well you're a small one aren't ya? I could just scoop you up.

VEGAS: Scoop me up? 

WITCHYWOMAN: Oh yeah. U c I have this thing 4 small men. I just want 2 pick them up and nuzzle them against me and my big old boobies like a baby. And baby if I could get my hands on u I'd do just that.

VEGAS: U would?

WITCHYWOMAN: Of course. I'd shove your little head so far down into my cleavage you'd never find your way back out.

Was this woman for real? He must have paused longer than he thought because ...

WITCHYWOMAN: Hey baby, what's wrong? Did I scare you away?

VEGAS: No, no I'm still here.

WITCHYWOMAN: Good, sometimes I come on a little strong. I don't mean to it's just that when I love something I go all in. And I love talking 2 young bucks like you.

VEGAS: How did u know ...

Maybe he shouldn't write that. So he erased it and wrote instead:

VEGAS: What makes you think I'm young?

WITCHYWOMAN: A woman just knows, baby, a woman just knows. So how young are u?

VEGAS: 21

WITCHYWOMAN: I don't think so.

VEGAS: 19

WITCHYWOMAN: Try again.

VEGAS: 17

WITCHYWOMAN: My you're just a baby aren't you?

VEGAS: I'm not a baby. I'm a man.

Who was this woman to call him a baby?

WITCHYWOMAN: I didn't mean 2 upset u. I call all little men baby.

VEGAS: Oh, OK.

WITCHYWOMAN: What time is it where u r?

VEGAS: 2am. Y?

WITCHYWOMAN: So ur on the East Coast.

Crap. 

VEGAS: Tricky, tricky.

WITCHYWOMAN: I'm on the ec 2. I wonder if we're in the same state.

VEGAS: Don't know. Which 1 r u n?

WITCHYWOMAN: MD.

Maryland? That's where he was. God, she was closer than he thought.

VEGAS: That's cool.

WITCHYWOMAN: How about u?

VEGAS: Don't know if I should tell u that.

WITCHYWOMAN: Alright then, which region?

VEGAS: I guess that couldn't hurt. Southeast. 

WITCHYWOMAN: Now we're getting somewhere. Which college do u want 2 go 2?

VEGAS: University of William & Mary.

Damnit! He should have never told her that! Maybe he should stop now before things got anymore out of control. 

WITCHYWOMAN: So ur a Marylander 2. How cool is that?

VEGAS: Very cool. 

He had to stop this.

VEGAS: It's getting late. I think I need to stop for the night.

WITCHYWOMAN: Oh please, don't go.

He started to type his goodbye. As he did he felt a strange tingling in his fingers. As he looked at what he typed he was surprised.

VEGAS: I guess I could talk a little longer.

Why did he type that? But the more he thought about it the more true it seemed. 

WITCHYWOMAN: Good, now what city r u n?

I can't tell her that. He proceeded to say just that when he felt that tingling again. And once again he typed just the opposite.

VEGAS: Edgewood.

Oh what the hell. What would it hurt?

WITCHYWOMAN: Edgewood? I live in Turkey Creek. That's just a county over. What r the odds?

VEGAS: Beats me.

WITCHYWOMAN: Maybe we should meet someday.

VEGAS: I don't know.

WITCHYWOMAN: What would it hurt?

What could it hurt? He could be killed by her if she turned out to be some psycho. He could get into a lot of trouble if his parents found out. There were many things that could get hurt. He had to call all this off. But as he typed he felt the tingle again. 

VEGAS: Sure, how about 2morrow some time.

Why did he type that?

WITCHYWOMAN: Sounds great. C u @ Shakers. I'll b the 1 w/the single red rose.

VEGAS: Great, c u then.

What was wrong with him?

The next day Timmy was standing nervously outside Shakers, a diner in the heart of town known for great milkshakes. Should he go in? Should he just go home and forget the whole thing? No, he had to see this through. He opened the door and walked in. The diner was a small single room with a bar at the counter and several small little booths near the windows. Timmy walked along just looking. Then he saw her.

She was sitting in a booth near a back door. On the table was a single red rose in a small vase. In the booth sat a lovely woman - and he meant a woman. She must have been in her thirties with shoulder length flowing red hair. She wore high heels, a short skirt, and a loose fitting low cut blue tank top. She gave him a dazzling smile. 

"Vegas, I presume."

God even her voice was sexy.

"Then that must make you Witchywoman," he replied, trying to sound coy. 

"That would be me. The name's Emma by the way. Please have a seat."

"Timmy," he said sitting down. 

There was a brief silence. 

"I'm sorry," Emma said, "it's just that I don't do this very often."

"Me neither."

"So what do you want to major in at William and Mary."

"Oh, English."

"Really. How come?"

That got him to open up. Within a few hours they were talking like old friends. 

"Emma?"

"Yeah?"

"Can I ask you something."

"Sure."

"I don't want to be rude it's just ... the picture you sent me, it made me think you'd look ..."

"A little different?"

"Yeah."

That was an understatement. In the picture her rack was huge. But in real life there no real tits to be seen. If he had to guess she was an AA cup. Maybe she held the camera close to her chest. Maybe the picture was of someone else. 

"That's a special surprise. I want to show you but not here. Follow me."

With that she stood up and left. A stunned Timmy sat there for a second before following her. He found her standing next to a sedan at the end of the parking lot. She climbed into the driver's seat and ushered him in. Which he did. 

"You're not going to believe me at first but I'm gonna need you to listen to me anyway," Emma began, "but I'm a witch. Not one of those new age wiccans but an honest to God magic practicing witch."

Oh dear lord, she was crazy. He should have known.

"It's how I convinced you to come out here."

"Excuse me?"

"I could sense you were getting cold feet so I cast a little spell to compel you other wise."

"OK, I've really got to go."

"No, wait. There's something you need to see," she said taking off her shirt.

"You have my attention."

She reached into her glove-box and pulled out a bra which she then proceeded to put on. The small bra hung loosely over her shoulders.

"Right now I'm a size AA. Now watch this."

She closed her eyes and seemed to be concertinaing. What happened next, if he hadn't seen it himself he would have never believed it. Her breasts grew! They stretched out and completely filled the A cup bra. She opened her eyes and smiled.

"Ta da."

"How the hell did you do that?"

"I told you silly I'm a witch. I cast a spell to shrink my boobs."

"Why?"

"So I could have a little fun with you."

"What?"

Timmy was having a little trouble understanding what was going on here.

"I've enchanted my breasts to grow to fill out any bra I put on."

"So you chose an A cup?"

"I chose this bra for a reason."

"What reason?"

"To keep you coming around."

She pulled a second bra out of the glove-box. This one was a DD. 

"If I didn't like you I was going to put this one on."

"I still don't understand."

"I like you and want to see you again. Each day you meet me I'll put on a bra a size larger until I reach my old size."

"What happens then?"

"Wait and see."

There was a brief silence then.

"So tomorrow then?" Timmy asked.

"I'll email you with the details."

With that she kissed his cheek. Timmy climbed out of the car and watched as Emma drove away. It had been one hell of a day.

r get here," she teased. 

"Hey if you're gonna be like that, I'll just leave," he teased back.

"Come on," she laughed pulling him after him into the mall. 

They walked around looking at all the little kiosks in the open center area of the mall. They had everything from sound activated LED shirts, to cell phones, to silly bands. 

"Are we looking for anything in particular or just looking?" Timmy asked. 

"Now that you mention it I thought I'd get a jump start on my holiday shopping. I don't get to make it to the mall very often."

"What do you need?"

"Well first there's my father. He's an avid reader so I thought I'd pick him up one of those electronic tablet readers."

Timmy walked over to the mall directory. 

"There's a Bookends here just a few stores over."

"Well that's perfect then isn't it?"

They strolled down the mall pathway until they reached Bookends, a high end bookstore chain found in most cities. It was large and very tastefully decorated. They walked right past the counter where the tablets known as Scribes were displayed. 

"Uhm, I think we passed them."

"I know. We'll get it on the way out."

"Where are we going then?"

"There's something I wanted to look for."

"Oh, OK."

They reached a small secluded nook at the back of the store. Emma grabbed a book off the shelf and led Timmy to a small table. She sat down in a small chair and pulled him into her lap. She flipped open the book. Timmy gasped. It was the Karma Sutra. For the next half hour they looked at the images of various sexual positions as Emma rubbed his crotch through his pants. Finally she placed the book back on the shelf and they bought the Scribe and left.

"What's next?" Timmy asked.

"My mother: she just adores perfume."

For that they meandered across the mall to one of the major department stores Vandervoort's. The massive store covered two floors and had everything from clothes to toys to home goods. Luckily they didn't have to look too far to find what they were looking for. Just inside the door was a display case of various fragrances. Each one was designed by one celebrity or another. 

"Which one would your mom like?"

"I'm partial to this one," she was indicating a fragrance by Britney Spears, "she has big boobs like the ones I hope to show you one day ... very soon."

This last part she whispered in his ear seductively. He just gasped. 

"But I think mom would prefer this one," she said grabbing a scent from a male country singer.

They made their purchases and continued on their way. 

"Now for my brother the film buff."

The mall was home to the local Cine-Max franchise so that's where they headed next. They scanned the shelves with Timmy unsure of what they were looking for. Emma paused at a shelf of adult comedies. 

"Ooh I love a good sex comedy. We'll have to watch some soon."

She continued browsing again stopping this time at a selection of big budget action movies. 

"He'll love these."

Another purchase and they were off again. 

"My sister loves her clothes."

That took them to Club Panama a trendy clothing store. Timmy wandered around the store looking at the various displays. He could really care less about clothes. Emma was hard at work shopping away. She held up a skimpy outfit.

"I may just wear this on our next date."

Clothes purchased they rejoined the rest of the shoppers in the main mall. 

"Whose next?" Timmy asked.

"You are."

"What do you mean?"

"Follow me."

She lead him through the mall until they reached ... Victoria's Secret. Inside they maneuvered over to the bras. She picked out a nice C cup. Grabbing his hand she pulled him into one of the dressing rooms. He was practically drooling when she removed her shirt and bra. Seductively she slipped on the C cup. And then it happened, they started to grow. Oh what a sight it was to see those babies swell. She quickly put her shirt back on and they left. It was late so Timmy headed home. That night ...

WITCHYWOMAN: Day @ mall went great. B 2 C. Meet me @ movies 2morrow. Will text time.

VEGAS: U got it.

The next day was torture, waiting for that text. He knew he was being stupid but he just couldn't wait. Then finally after lunch it came. It was a simple message just a number: 7. It was all he needed. That night at seven pm he was at the theater two towns over waiting excitedly. Before long she was there in sweat pants and t-shirt. God she looked beautiful. 

"Ready?" she asked.

"You know it," he told her.

"Good."

She grabbed his hand and led him into the theater.

"Two for Black Widow please," Emma ordered. 

Before he knew what was happening Timmy was being drug over to the snack bar. They bought a single container of popcorn and made their way into the theater. Emma chose a seat in the very back. As they sat down the show began. Cutting it a little close aren't we? Timmy thought. The movie was one of those psychological thrillers people seemed to love. Give him a good comedy any day of the week. 

The film Emma chose Black Widow was getting a real buzz in the media. The controversy swirled around the scene they were getting ready to watch: the sex scene. It was a full nude scene for both actors and the sex itself was alleged to be real, so basically it was porn. And it really seemed to be turning Emma on. As the scene progressed her breathing intensified. She slipped her hand into his pants. 

Timmy gasped but tried to stay quiet so no one else would notice. Her hand slipped into his underwear next. She grabbed ahold of his dick. Now Timmy was breathing faster. Emma began stroking him faster and faster. Timmy could feel himself becoming very aroused, too aroused. He was going to cum any moment. The scene stopped and so did she. Whew, that was close.

After the film she pulled him into the women's restroom.

"What are we doing?"

"Sh."

She drug him into one of the stalls locking it behind her. Quickly she pulled of her shirt and bra. Timmy's mouth was suddenly very dry. Reaching into her purse she produced another bra. Timmy's heart started to beat right out of his chest. He lived for this part. Emma slipped the larger bra on and waited. So did Timmy. On cue her breasts swelled to overflowing embracing their new home. As they did the soft flesh rubbed over Timmy's pants causing him to cum. 

Later that night they chatted again.

WITCHYWOMAN: Enjoy the flick?

VEGAS: u know it.

WITCHYWOMAN: good :) So did I. C 2 D. Just one size left. How about dinner @ my place.

VEGAS: Sounds good 2 me.

Timmy paced around his room impatiently. Why hadn't they gone to bed yet? He asked himself. He had to meet Emma at her place for a late dinner but his parents wouldn't go to sleep. Finally after what felt like an eternity the lights clicked off, the talking died down and the snoring began. After waiting a few more minutes just to be safe Timmy grabbed his keys and crept out of the house.

Emma lived in a small apartment two cities over so it was a bit of a drive. By the time he got there it was well after dark. Parking around the block like she told him to he slowly and nervously made his way to her door. Sweat began pouring down his face. He had never been to a girl's house before let alone a woman like Emma. He knew what was coming or at least he hoped he did. The only question was: was he ready for it?

He knocked and she opened the door. Timmy let out an audible gasp. Emma stood there smiling at him in a small skintight black dress. It stopped well above her knees showing off her long shapely legs. The neckline was nice and low cut revealing a wonderful view of her large (and hopefully soon to be larger) breasts.

"Well thank you," she teased.

Yes, the answer was yes, he was ready.

The inside of the home was tastefully decorated and elegantly simple. Emma had the lights down low and candles burning on a small table in a nook in the rear of the living room. Two plates already awaited them. Timmy sat down and took in the wonderful aroma of baked ziti. He dove in and Emma dove into the conversation. They talked for hours like old friends. He gave a little jump when her foot found its way out of her shoe and onto his leg. She slowly walked her way up before resting in his lap.

Using her toes she began to massage him through his pants. He began breathing heavier and heavier finding it harder to focus. Emma smiled wickedly as she continued to play with him. He could feel a powerful sensation building up in his hips ready to explode out. She seemed to sense this and let up.

Cleaning the dishes away she sauntered back to the living room and a waiting Timmy. She seductively slunk off the dress and tossed it aside with her foot. She undid the bra and tossed it aside. She pulled an even larger one of a side table and put it on. Her breasts swelled until they wanted to bust free.
