 "Two queens, impressive. Unfortunately not quite as impressive as three kings, I must say. I win another hand, which of course means you'll have to show me those two lovely queens of yours, young lady. Take off your bra." 

The young woman in question growled as she grimaced down at her losing hand of cards. "You have to be cheating."

"Innocent until proven guilty, as I like to remind young ladies like yourself, and as of yet no woman has been able to prove anything about me. Now, the bra, if you please."

The woman pouted and hesitantly reached behind her back to unclasp the expensive lacey black bra she wore which was barely holding back her extraordinary cleavage anyway. As she undid the clasp her young, firm bosom nearly bounced out of its cage, but she held them down with her other arm, blocking any sight of her nipples, which was frustrating to the audience which had gathered to watch the card game. 

The game in question was being played only between two people. The first was a young woman no older than 21, but she was tall and extremely buxom regardless of her age. She had long, shimmering blonde hair and crystal blue eyes outlined by a massive amount of mascara. The expensive garments she wore (or had been wearing) could only be afforded by a spoiled debutante from the wealthy districts, which meant that she was either a merchant's daughter or trophy wife, and in either case the only reason she would have come to a tavern like this one was to 'slum it' with the poorer, louder, more interesting folk. 

The second player was a mildly handsome but unkempt man in his late twenties or early thirties (who could tell?) who had large, lazy blue eyes and shoulder length shaggy grey hair that he had been born with. He wore tight fitting pants and a rather skimpy vest that left his wiry, lean muscles totally bare, and it was clear from the many daggers and pouches he had tucked inside the vest that he was some sort of nefarious character. Whether he was a thief, an assassin, a spy, or just a thug wasn't really important, but what was important was that he was soundly beating this poor girl at cards, winning every hand, one after the other and stripping the poor child of everything she had. She had been an easy mark from the moment she walked in. Pretty, young, well dressed, loud, obnoxious, clearly unfamiliar with the environment; this man invited her to a game of cards the moment she sat down on her perfectly peach-shaped little ass. She even won the first few games and earned some meager silver coins for it (which the man insisted was the whole of his wealth) so when he begged her to play another hand with higher stakes she couldn't refuse. One thing led to another and the girl found herself losing her money, her jewelry, her shoes, her dress, and now her bra. The only thing she had left was a tiny little thong of black lace that accentuated her ivory skin and voluptuous curves perfectly, and it was pretty obvious to everyone that she was about to lose that as well. This man was a card shark, she now understood, and he was making cheap sport of her.

Angrily she shuffled a new hand, dealing the cards herself. She had to win at least her dress back. Coming home late at night with no money was one thing, but how was she going to explain to daddy where her clothes went?

She looked at her hand and flashed a beautiful, victorious smile. "Ah ha! Finally!" she exclaimed, not understanding that in poker you shouldn't let your opponent know what a great hand you have. "Alright. If I win this one I want all my clothes back!"

The man made a whiny moaning sound, smiling mockingly at her. "Well, alright. But if you lose I get that teeny-weenie thong-bikini of yours."

"No way I'm going to lose. Read 'em and weep, bitch. All hearts! Flush! Now gimme my dress back you dirty old pervert!" She slammed her cards on the table so hard that one of her ripe breasts bounced up and briefly revealed a tantalizing glimpse of her erect, pink nipple.

The man licked his lips and smiled. "Sorry princess. Full house." The man revealed his cards. Three jacks, two aces, and another fucking king. To add insult to injury, the image of the king had the most obnoxious, perverted smile she had ever seen.

The young woman couldn't believe it. Her perfect eyebrows twitched in disbelief and tears started to swell in the corners of her eyes. She suddenly became away that everyone in this dirty, rotten, dangerous tavern was looking at her. A third of the bars patrons were criminals, a third sailors, and the other third prostitutes. Some of them weren't even human. Just two tables over a goblin sex-worker was being bounced up and down on that gigantic cock of a half-ogre pirate, which was insane, because his cock was bigger than her abdomen. This wasn't the right kind of environment for her, a pure blooded human from a rich, respected family. She had only come out tonight to have some fun, to have some drinks, see how the shittier half lived, and maybe fuck an orc or a black guy. But now she was being humiliated, and by a lazy looking rogue she wasn't even attracted to.

"The panties, princess," the rogue said twirling his fingers lecherously at her tight maidenhead. "Come on now. You don't want to cheat good honest folks like us, do you?"

The girl whimpered as she looked around. Everyone was eyeing her and grinning, some of them sharpening knives or polishing axes. They all looked as excited to see her perfect young pussy as the rogue was, even the women, who smiled cruelly as they remembered their own pristine youths. She was so terrified that she was about to pee herself. She was convinced that if she didn't continue to play the game that they would gang-rape her, filthy villains that they were. 

Swallowing her pride and holding back tears, she hooked her thumbs into the high-riding straps of her skimpy g-string and peeled it down her long, slender legs, flashing the entire tavern a mouthwatering view of her pink, puffy, precious little pussy. 

Sailors cheered and a werewolf howled, and even a prostitute or two blushed in envy, remembering a time when their own genitals didn't look like a bear's punching-bag. 

Bright red with embarrassment, the girl tossed her panties over to the rogue across the table, and he snatched them out of the air before taking a big whiff of them, rubbing the damp crotch all over his face.

"Your disgusting!" she cried.

"And you're delicious," he said, licking her panties with a long, lewd tongue, mocking her with his lazy eyes. "So what's it going to be, princess. Are you going to scamper home to daddy, naked and penniless, or would you like to play just . . . one . . . more . . . hand."

Her lips were trembling. "W-What if I win?"

He smiled wickedly. "You get your thong back, your bra back, your dress back, your shoes back, your money back, and maybe some of your dignity back as well, although I can't guarantee it."

"And if I lose?"

He smiled even more wickedly. "If you lose than you are going to come up to my room and have sex with me in any and every dirty, perverse, lewd, obscene, unnatural, humiliating, debasing, unhygienic, immoral, and illegal way I can think off."

The blonde beauty had to bite her puffy lower-lip to stop from screaming. The first of several tears fell down her high cheekbones, drawing little back streams of mascara with them. " . . . fine! One last hand!"

She sat down naked, shuffling the deck again even though she couldn't cover her breasts and handle the cards at the same time. She didn't care anymore. She was getting her clothes back and getting the fuck out of this shitty-ass shithole, and there was no fucking way she was going to even touch this dirty old loser.

She dealt the cards and checked her hand.

"Last chance to back out if you want," the rouge smiled. "I get you keep your delicates and you get to run home wearing nothing by that mascara. What's it going to be?"

She was shivering, but not from anger and shame anymore. She was shivering with excitement. She had a winning hand. 

"Ha! Finally! Straight Flush, you mutha-fucking bitch! You dirty piece of shit! You ugly, smelly, miserably old man! I win! I win! I-"

"Royal flush," the rogue said, placing his cards down on the table. "Ace, King, Queen, Jack, and a ten. All spades. You lose."

#####

"It's as easy as that Jonan," the rogue said to his roommate as he sat on his bed glistening with sweat and sexual fluids. The young lady he had just defeated was loudly slurping up and down on his average sized cock, working all six inches with a hateful reluctance that he couldn't help but enjoy. The two of them had just finished a three hour session of the most satisfying hate-sex the rogue had ever had in at least a month (he got hate-sex pretty regularly, because most women who had sex with him hated him), and now he was forcing the blonde brat (as per their agreement) to clean off every drop of his semen and her own vaginal fluids from his softening prick. But the young lady despite her grumpiness was delivering a much more enthusiastic blowjob than the rogue had been expecting, and he was starting to get hard again. 

"Excuse me one moment, friend," the rogue said to his roommate, panting heavily as his lithe chest started to pump. "This kitten is about to get some milk."

By the time the sex-dazed woman understood what he was referring to, it was too late to back off of his cock. His hands tightly gripped the sides of her head and he started to shake it back and forth, forcing the full length of his six inches in and out of her throat with incredibly speed. The woman had sucked more than a few cocks before (as the rogue guessed, she was a quite the little slut) but she had never let a man fuck her throat so violently like this. She started to gag, choke, sputter, and her slender hands beat at his chest in pathetic futility. 

"Aw, that's it. Nice and wet. Good little slut. I'm . . . I'm cumming!"

The rogue slammed her head down, causing her pretty blue eyes to bulge as his balls slapped against her chin. He came, and his cock was deep enough that the first blast went right into her stomach. He pulled out slightly, jabbing his cock against the insides of her cheeks and he filled her mouth with his seed. 

When the height of his climax ended she popped off of his cock and fell to the floor, gasping for air and retching up mouthfuls of salty semen. So much mascara was leaking down her face that her cheeks were black. The rogue wasn't quite done though, and he kicked her in her side to force her onto her back. He squatted over her, jacking ever last drop of cum from his spewing cock and splattering it across her face and quivering breasts. She scowled up at him, angry and humiliated, not just for the her rude treatment, but also at herself for allowing so many orgasms to quake her body. This rogue might have been a complete asshole and borderline rapist, but he knew what he was doing with that dick of his. 

"Good job, princess," the rogue huffed. "Here's your dress back." He grabbed her skimpy dress from where it hung across an old chair, but before he dropped it on to her sweaty body he used it like a filthy sex-rag, strongly wiping down his chest, stomach, and genitals with the expensive garment until it stank of perspiration and was crusty with protein. Once he was finished wiping off his cock with it he dropped on her tear-stained face, and subsequently forgot that she even existed.

"And that's how you do it Jonan," the rogue victorious declared to his roommate. "What better way is there to seduce a young beauty than this?"

Jonan chuckled as he finished off a large mug of ale. The rogue's roommate was a giant of a man, bulging with muscles and etched with scars. His long, dirty black hair hung down his shoulders and over his smoldering dark eyes. His only clothing was an incredibly thick, heavy belt of leather and metal plates that wrapped around his powerful midsection, the front portion of which featured a giant metal plate cast in the form of a demon's face. Studded leather straps fell from the belt and protected his genitals and some of his buttocks, but mostly he was naked except for his heavy iron gauntlets and steel-toed boots. Against the wall hung his weapon, an enormous double-headed battle-axe that was too heavy for most men to even lift, let alone swing with the speed of a mountain lion as Jonan did. 

"Impressive Jaeger," Jonan's deep voice boomed in praise of his roguish friend. "But I prefer to play the hunter rather than the trapper. Prey such as this should be brought down by brute strength rather than petty tricks."

"Tricks?" the buxom young debutante asked. "What tricks."

Jonan reached onto the bed and pulled up Jaeger's pants. He shook them and out of some hidden pockets fluttered a snowfall of playing cards. Aces, Kings, Jacks, and after them tumbled a pair of dice that fell with the 6 side up as if weighted down by magnets. 

"Jaeger was cheating," Jonan stated quite flatly.

The young woman gasped so deeply that she accidentally swallowed the rest of the spunk she had been trying to vomit. "You . . . you bastard!"

"Now, now. Calm down Alyssa," Jaeger said, acting very nonchalant despite having just been revealed for the trickster he was.

"My name is Alexandra! ALEXANDRA!!!" The girl grumbled and raged to herself as she stumbled around the room gathering up her clothes and possessions. "I'm Alexandra Maxima, of House Maxima, you filthy cretins. My father is captain of the king's crossbowmen, and when he hears about this-"

'Bla bla bla,' thought Jaeger. This bitch really did talk too much when she didn't have a dick in her mouth. He liked watching her heart-shaped ass wiggle as she looked for her underwear though, but other than that he ignored her.

"Well, my herculean comrade," Jaeger said to Jonan. "How exactly does and ugly brute such as yourself guide frivolous young maidens to bed without the use of a little misdirection and confidence." 

Jonan grunted deeply. "For one thing I don't usually go after women who don't want to be gone after, as you like to, but when I desire a woman's body I simply take it. Her consent doesn't need to be won over through trickery, because it isn't needed at all."

"Care to demonstrate?" Jaeger waved his hand at the prostrate and vulnerable Alexandra whose swollen, cum-packed pussy was completely undefended.

Jonan scowled. "I have no interest in your leavings. No. I'll return to the tavern's common-room for my hunt. Watch if you wish to learn something about being a real man."

Jonan walked out of the room and onto the second floor mezzanine which overlooked the tavern's main room and bar, his footsteps casing the wooden boards beneath his feet to creak worryingly. Jaeger figured his friend weighed at least 300 and some pounds, and all of it was muscle. Without bothering to get dressed Jaeger simply wrapped a small towel around his naked waist and followed the barbarian onto the mezzanine to watch his friend's interpretation of womanizing. 

The room was full of many attractive ladies of all shapes, sizes, and species. A slender little wood-elf with long red hair and amble freckled cleavage was stumbling around the floor asking for someone to buy her another drink, although she was clearly already drunk. An easy target. Jaeger would have been all over her had he not already spent his purse three times into Alyssa Marina's (or whatever her name was) young body. There was a tremendously busty female minotaur chugging a gallon of ale at the bar, her heavy udders literally dripping with milk. Jaeger figured Jonan would go for a beast like that, judging by what an earth-shatteringly large ass she had. There was a little goblin prostitute patrolling the floor, offering hand-jobs for a copper and blowjobs for a silver. Goblins were not the most attractive things to stick one's dick in, but they were the most deviant little sluts around, and Jaeger had enjoyed testing out many perverse tricks on them. There was even an especially beautiful woman with grayish blue skin in the corner sipping wine, but Jaeger knew enough about vampires to recognize her for what she was, and although a night with her was most certain to be exquisitely erotic for any man, it would also most certainly be his last. 

But then Jaeger noticed a new woman, one who had just walked in, and he just knew this would be the one. She was young, maybe about 25, tall, buxom, long-legged, and what little clothing she wore did nothing to cover her strong, lithe, muscular but feminine body. She wore a leather vest which held up her abundant young breasts, and her firm peach-shaped ass was split down the middle by a tight leather thong. She wore armored bracers and boots, and at her side hung a slender broadsword on a thin belt. She had a few scars and her brown hair was wildly disheveled, which told Jaeger that like Jonan she was most likely a barbarian of the northern mountains. This beautifully savage was walking around the floor, chatting up only the women, and Jaeger could overhear some of her conversation.

"Excuse me," she said. "I need your help. My friend's have been captured by a slaver and he's holding them to in some ruins to the east, the ruins of Shalaveer. Please, I have gold, and I'll let you keep whatever wealth the slaver has on him."

'A quest!' Jaeger thought. How exciting. Except something about the barbaric babe bothered him and set his conman-senses a tingle. For one thing, she was only asking for help from the female adventurer's in the room, and she seemed to pick out the ones who were most attractive and already in groups. Also, although her story was plausible enough (slavers came from the deserts to capture sex-slaves all the time), slavers were always on the move. Why would one set up shop in an old ruin, easily trapping himself for any group of knights sent to capture him? Furthermore, although the rugged girl delivered her speech with enough genuine emotion to seem sincere, she kept repeating the same story to everyone she spoke to, almost as if she were reciting a script. Jaeger was sure a deception of some sort was being played, but before he could voice his theory to Jonan the brute was already moving in for the kill. 

The barbarian girl was so distracted by her search for help that she turned right into Jonan's chest and slammed into him, her firm breasts smashing against his brick-wall of a chest. She was tall, almost six feet at least, but Jonan was a beast of seven feet, and his shoulders were twice as broad as the girl's curvy hips. She looked up at him with a shocked expression, perhaps intimidated by a man for the first time in a long time.

"Looking for help?" Jonan smirked down at her.

"I . . . um . . . not from you. Now Excuse me I have to-"

"I like you," Jonan said, moving a mere inch to completely block her path.

"Yeah. Well I don't like ugly shit heads like you. Now get out of my way before I . . . HEY!"

One of Jonan's massive hands came up and cupped one of her large tits, which despite being the size of a melon fit into Jonan's hand like a large apple. He squeezed, and her pliable flesh bulged from between his strong fingers. Then his other hand slipped down the front of her tight leather thong and he stroked the surface of her vaginal mound, pleased to find that it was already warm and a little wet. 

"You're strong," he admired. "I can feel the muscles bulging beneath your womanly fat. Good. I like strong women. The frail ones don't last long enough."

"I am strong!" the young woman roared. "Strong enough to rip off your cock and shove it up your-"

But before she could even finish her threat Jonan let go of her body, grabbed a heavy wooden stool, lifted it into the air, and then smashed it across her head.

SMASH!

Wooden shards flew across the room as the stool shattered, and Jonan was left holding the two wooden stubs that remained. The young beauty crumbled to the ground, her large breasts bouncing all the way, but they came to a jiggling halt as she fell on her chest. 
