 March 16th

Technician Sadler came by about ten minutes ago, told me that my sale had gone through. She laughed at my reactions. I was so happy, I jumped up and gave her a hug. She was so nice, she brought me a beautiful, short red scarf as a goodbye present. It's soft and silky, made from static-proof material. (I hate static. Don't laugh. You would too if you had fur over 98% of your body.)

She tied it around my neck. It looks so pretty, and it smells wonderful. She said she washed it in clean water that had some crushed lilac in it. All natural. So thoughtful of her. I don't know how humans can think that their laundry detergents smell anything remotely like what the bottles say they do. All I can smell are chemicals and bleach. Yuck.

According to the 'rules' the Technicians aren't allowed to give us gifts, so I can't wear it anymore. I'm hiding it in my other clothes, so I'll have it when I leave. She said she'll be back tomorrow to help me groom myself (which is a big job) and get my outfit ready. It's a big deal around here. They'll let me out of my room tonight, and I can stop by a few of the other girl's rooms. We can sit and talk for a while, but I only have an hour and a half, so I have to make things kinda quick. Technician Fielder will be taking me. He's really nice, but he kind of intimidates me. He's a huge black guy. All muscle. He says he used to play football in college. I guess that's really not fair of me. He's always very soft-spoken, and very calm. He's just so big.

He bought one of us a few years ago. Sometimes he brings her back in to see us. He named her Ginger. Somewhat unoriginal for an orange felid, but she seems to like it. 

I can't wait to get my name.

Okay, okay, get control. I'm barely able to write, I'm so excited. 

Okay, that stings. I'm sitting on the edge of my bed, and my foot was tapping my other leg. I just accidentally jabbed my thigh with my foot claws. That happens sometimes. Whoa... hee hee hee... uuuh. I should have calmed... down.

Okay. They just drugged a me the litle bit. Bit. Bite. Little bite. Nibble. Hee hee hee... oh, wow... I'm purring.

Mmm. 

Naptime.



Ugh. My head hurts. My thinking is still really foggy from the anklet's injections. We all wear anklets that monitor blood pressure, heart rate, pain levels, anxiety, stuff like that. It also has a tiny hypo in it they can use to drug us if we get too excited. Hate this thing. When I accidentally jabbed myself with my claws, the techs thought I was trying to hurt myself due to my elevated stress levels. That happens sometimes. They didn't believe me till they saw that I hadn't actually hurt myself. Still, as annoying as it can be sometimes, I'm glad they watch out for us. I know a few girls who got really depressed when they were younger. We may be half animal, but we're still 100% female. Self image is important. Have you ever had a bad hair day when 98% of your body is covered in it? Not pretty. A few girls had a long string of bad things happen, or bad mindsets, and they were very unhappy for a long time. 

Technically, we can't actually get 'depressed' because it's a 'human condition'. So the girls were just monitored closer and given more time each day with technicians they liked. I never had to deal with it, but I was really close with a girl who hurt herself repeatedly. The technicians couldn't let me in her room to spend time with her and try and help. It was against regulations. It hurt to see her like that all the time.

Ugh. Coming down off the happy, happy fun time drugs is a pain. You get all morose and it's really easy to slip into a dark mood. That's another reason it sucked for those poor girls. They hurt themselves, got doped up, came down, then felt worse. So they hurt themselves again. Sometimes I hate this place.

Okay, time for changing the subject. I wonder what I should wear tomorrow? They haven't even told me my owner's name. From what I gather, that's unusual. Oh well, just one more surprise! I wonder if it's a man or woman. This whole thing is frightening, but in such a wonderful way. Oh, I can't wait!!

OH! Technician Fielder is here already. I should go!! Bye!!!