 "Can't breathe. Need air." I cough frantically trying to breathe as the room fills with smoke and gas from small metal canisters thrown into the room. 

I'm struggling to maintain consciousness slowly suffocating on the second floor in the Masquerade, a fetish night club. Several heavily armed men in combat fatigues wearing high tech, night vision, goggles and gas masks wade through the thick smoke and gas towards me lying on the ground choking. This definitely isn't my lucky day. My situation is getting worse by the fucking minute. Thoughts, lots of thoughts traverse my clouded head.

Was I set up? By who? James Coldburn? Rhonda? That's impossible. Would she set me up after fucking me senseless with her strap on? Why? There's nothing to gain; wasn't time to set me up. Or, did she?" I ponder gasping for air before blacking out.

"Wake up, Kira, fight; resist." I hear my internal computer voice say to me. "The primary mission has been compromised and is now being aborted. Your target is now aware of your intentions. We're awaiting new directives from your superior Walter Stonehenge. 

"Initiate emergency manual system override." I command my internal computer. "Restore full human control." I direct to my internal computer slipping into a deep unconscious state from chemicals being injected into my veins.

"Affirmative, Kira." My internal computer responds shutting down all operation and restoring total control to me - not that it'll benefit me in my unconscious coma like state.

I'm waking up, kinda woozy; feel like I'm hung over. No telling how long I was unconscious. I'm restrained, figures as much; being transported in the back of an SUV escorted by several other SUV's down the interstate. I'm guessing it's past midnight, no way of knowing for sure.

"Where am I? Where are y'all taking me and why?" I mumble incoherently under my breath slowly becoming more conscious of my immediate surroundings.

"Sedate her fucking ass again until we get to Las Vegas." I hear James Coldburn order from the front seat as a needle pierces my neck quickly sedating me once again.

When I awaken again, we're pulling into a secured underground facility driving downward into a darkened parking garage sparsely illuminated. This time I play it smart pretending to still be sedated. Ahead of us I see my midnight blue Lamborghini Diablo being parked as we continue further downward into the underground facility. I recognize this place. It's the Hades Tower (Human Altered DNA Engineering Systems). I've no idea why I am back here, more importantly, why my target I was suppose to eliminate has brought me here. Things are getting weird, really weird. My head hurts. This isn't part of my primary mission; definitely not making any sort of sense to me right now either. 

The SUV's escorting us break away taking a different direction; must've been four or five of them. We're stopping. Minutes later some men open the back door of the SUV drag me from the back seat. Two men in black suits throw my arms over their shoulders and carry me towards sliding glass doors into a lobby area. I don't remember this area of the facility. I'm confused, my memory is blank. I remember this place vaguely, but only leaving it on my mission. 

Ushered past a reception area where heavily armed security guards scramble to life, I'm escorted to the lower levels via elevator. Dozens of floors down the elevator stops. I'm escorted past a security desk where James Coldburn checks in, down a long concrete stairway where we pass another security check point, and then down a long maze of wide open hallways. I gaze through glass windows at dozens of people working as we pass by. At the far end of the main hallway, I am escorted into a spacious office room dimly lit.

Upon entering the office, my restraints are chained to a huge metal O ring located in the floor in front of Walter Stonehenge's desk. I watch perplexed as my target James Coldburn walks in the office behind me and stands to the right of Walter Stonehenge sitting behind his desk with his legs propped up on the desk; crossed. There is a long period of deafening silence before Walter Stonehenge lights a cigar. Neither James Coldburn nor Walter Stonehenge take their curious eyes off me. I can sense tension in the room, lots of tension. I try to raise my restrained arms up to activate my internal computer breaking the deafening silence. Soon as I do, the chains tighten removing slack from the chains. Bad idea.

"Your computer has been temporarily shut down, Kira. You can't escape." Walter says correcting his posture puffing on his imported cigar. 

"What the fuck is going on here, Walter?" I demand snatching at my restraints once again feeling them tightening the slack. "I was given orders to eliminate James Coldburn. Now, I find out he's working for you. What kinda bullshit is this?"

"You catch on quick, don't you? Walter snaps back watching me snatch at the chains being be met with the same results as before. "Should I wait until you're kissing the floor with your ass in the air like a bitch?" Walter chuckles standing up. "James give me a status report on your mission objectives.

"Sir, my primary mission of destroying Kira's former life by assuming it through deception was completely successful. The divorce and legal issues are finalized. Undermining your competitor's government funded research facility by stealing all remaining research has gone virtually undetected. Bankrupting your competitor was successful as well. All available funds have been transferred to your bank accounts. Your competitor's research company can be taken over at any time." James reports obediently smiling sarcastically at me with his hands crossed behind his back.

"Excellent!" Walter exclaims. "Soon we'll monopolize the human genetics research sector in the field of medical science. No one can stop us now." Walter elaborates placing an affirmative hand on James's shoulder in praise for a job well done.

Listening closely I trying to digest what I'm hearing; I'm confused. I think about pulling at the chains once more, but give up on the idea altogether. There's no point in resisting if it isn't gonna yield beneficial results. I survey the room weighing my options. Nothing, escape now is impossible.

"This is the most preposterous story I have ever heard fabricated outta lies, nothing but lies!" I shout venting my anger. "James Coldburn has been working for you the whole time. What about my mission to eliminate him?" I question furiously.

"I'd suggest you shut up and listen. You're the one who's memory was wiped clean." Walter says walking towards me after putting his cigar out. "I'm not done destroying your life, yet.

"Timeout. Let the delusional fucker talk. Maybe I can get an idea of what's really going on." I think silently calming myself to put the puzzle pieces together.

"Destroying your life and robbing you blind has made me a fucking fortune. All your research in human cloning I stole from you along with my research in altered human DNA will help me monopolize the medical science field for years to come without any competition." Walter explains smiling.

"Are you crazy? I'm no scientist. You gave me directives to eliminate James Coldburn." I protest trying not to be so temperamental.

"I can tell you're confused. I'll simplify it for you. You're the real Jason James Coldburn. I used the human cloning research I stole from you. I sent a clone of you to assume your former life, utterly destroy it, and to steal your remaining research. I used my research to genetically alter and enhance your DNA. Right now, you are just a transvestite, but eventually you are gonna be a woman. Brilliant, wouldn't you say?" Walter enlightens me explaining the bigger picture of what's really going on. "I sent you to track down your own clone as trial test."

"Do you think it was a coincidence you were able to access the computer files in my office with your fingerprints, Kira? I know you seen the bank accounts being depleted and being transferred from one account to another." James interrupts coldly before Walter stops him.

"That's enough, James. You and the rest of the men wait outside. I can handle things from here." Walter instructs as everyone vacates the room. "Kira, and I need to have a private talk." 

"Yes, sir, Mr. Stonehenge." James replies as he and the rest of the guards leave the room. 

Silence fills the room again. I pull at the chains binding me one more time knowing the results. With a firm hand, Walter lifts my chin so that I'm looking him in the eyes as the chains pull me a closer to the floor. Walter is almost a foot taller than I am and clearly in a position of control. His dark blue eyes meet my green eyes without a hint of emotion in them. If my feet weren't chained to the ground, I'd have brought him down to my size with my knee.

Snatching my head away defiantly from Walter's hand, I resist instinctively only to have the shit slapped outta me with the back of Walter's right hand and then by his left hand in succession. Traces of blood ooze from my lips and nose; my face turns flush red from the stinging sensation I feel. It's everything I can do to maintain what little self control I have. 

"You fucking bitch! You are nothing but an experiment, a prototype; a genetically enhanced lab rat. I made you who you are and I can eliminate you." Walter says establishing his dominion over me backing away towards his desk. 

"If I am so meaningless, then kill me and be done with it" I demand boldly challenging Walter's bluff.

"I want you to suffer. I nearly went bankrupt because of you. But, now, I'm gonna make a fortune at your expense." And, I will. You think I sent you to eliminate James Coldburn? Wrong! I sent you to witness the life you had, the life I destroyed." Walter explains sifting through his desk drawer looking for something. "The microchip James put in you was your memories to haunt you. Unfortunately, you removed it before they could all be downloaded to your brain.

"I don't see how you can destroy my life any further than you already have or how you're gonna make a fortune off keeping me alive." I question still somewhat puzzled.

"When I'm done experimenting on you, you'll have no choice but to work for me. I'll market you to the US government as the perfect genetically altered spy/assassin. Cloning you is an added bonus, don't you think?" Walter explains making his way back around his desk towards me with something in his hand. "And, if the US government isn't interested, I'm sure the Russians will be."

"I won't do it. I won't serve your sick, twisted plans!" I shout snatching erratically at the chains in frustration mad as Hell - bad move.

"Oh, but you will." Walter laughs watching the chains pull me to the ground in until I'm resting on my knees. "You don't have a choice."

I follow Walter with my eyes. Kneeling beside me Walter shoves an odd shaped plastic mouth piece into my mouth preventing me from closing my mouth; preventing me from talking or screaming. Saliva immediately puddles up in my mouth dripping over my bloody lips. Straining to close my mouth, my eyes water watching Walter walk back to his desk. Sitting in his chair, Walter relights his cigar, reaches under his desk, and presses a button. The entire room fills with a sudden flash of green light. I feel faint, sick in my stomach; weak.

"The flash of green micro gamma light neutralizes all your hormone and DNA enhancers. It also prevents you from any attempted heroics you might be thinking with your adrenalin booster. The lingering effects last for days." Walter says grinning at me chained to the floor in front of his desk. "James, I need you and two guards to come back to my office." Walter calls pressing a button summoning them to the office once again.

"On our way, sir." James replies.

Moments later James and two guards enter the office closing the door behind them. I catch a glimpse of their presence with my peripheral vision out the corner of me eyes. I survey the room again for options, an escape from my predicament. Nothing. Kicking back in his chair with his feet up, Walter puffs mildly on his cigar pausing to give James and the guards their new instructions. 

"Remove that microchip from,Kira's internal computer." Walter instructs James.

"Yes, sir." James says motioning to the two guards to assist him as he removes his boot knife from its sheath. 

I resist; my movements are severely handicapped making my situation more unpleasant. The two guards rush me driving my head to the ground pinning my right ear to the floor. I watch helplessly as James hovers over me painfully extracting the microchip located under the skin of my left temple. Pain rips through me. I want to scream and can't. Blood drips to the floor as I try to free my head from the guards.

"This isn't the microchip I placed in her internal computer, sir." James says kicking me in my rib cage. 

"I'm already aware of that." Walter reassures James. "Right now, Kira needs a little persuasion to serve my purpose." Walter says contemplating his intentions. 

"What kind of persuasion?" James inquires wiping the blood from his boot knife.

"Use your imagination. I wanna watch that ass humiliated and suffering at my feet." Walter says coldly puffing on his cigar.

I watch helplessly as James and the two guards swarm in on me again like vultures unbuttoning their pants. I struggle, but it's hopeless. James lifts my black leather mini dress and rips my panties off. I squirm in whatever direction I can. A guard straddles my back with all his weight grabbing the sides of my head preventing me from lashing around. The second guard unzips his pants pulling his cock from his boxers. I can see it twitching as it begins to swell in his hand.

"Go ahead. Face fuck the bitch. He'll hold the head still." James instructs the guard in front of me.

"Oh, yeah. I'm gonna bruise those pretty little tonsils of yours, bitch." The guard says shoving his hardened cock into my defenseless mouth.

With my mouth pried open, I'm helpless to the sexual onslaught of being face fucked. I feel the guard's cock thrust into my mouth unrestricted. Gagging is impossible. I wanna throw up and can't each time the guard's cock is thrust down my throat. I feel hands squeeze on my bleeding temple holding my head motionless as the other guard brutally face fucks me with his cock. 

The pain is intense, I almost blackout. I feel warm wet saliva drip onto the crack of my ass and ooze downward over my asshole. My mind races, my heart beats faster; I wrestle against the hands holding my head still. Seconds later I feel my ass cheeks spread apart, the mushroom head of James's hard cock press against my asshole. Shooting pain engulfs me. My rectal tissues tear stretching wider and wider to accommodate the head of the James's cock. It burns as it penetrates my helpless body. Unbearable pain inundates my mind, tears flow from my eyes.

"That's what I wanna see. Face fuck the bitch and sexually humiliate her ass at the same time." Walter says sitting up in his chair looking down at me. "The bitch will serve us one way or the other."

I struggle helplessly. My ass and mouth are literally on fire; being punished. The intensity is overwhelming on both ends. Seconds feel like hours. Suddenly I feel hot cum being blasted down my throat. I watch as the guard extracts his saliva and cum soaked cock from my mouth and wipes it on my face and lips. I frantically gasp for air while my ass is being pummeled relentlessly by James. I feel the pressure on my back release as the guards quickly trade positions so my face fucking can continue.

I feel my hips and ass being pulled back onto a swollen cock each time it trusts forward driving it deeper and deep with each thrust. Tears roll down my cheeks. I'm in pain, my mouth is being abused; my ass is being ripped open and gaped by James's cock. I'm spent and exhausted, too tired to fight or resist. Just when I think my humiliation can't get any worse, I feel James extract his swollen cock from my utterly devastated ass. 

"Let me have a turn on the bitch's mouth." James directs swapping places with the guard face fucking me. 

I gasp for air again while James and the guard change positions. Once again my ass is being pumped and pummeled by a hard cock. I can see the satisfaction on James's face as he pulls my head viciously up and down onto his swollen cock face fucking me ass to mouth.

Time trickles by and minutes seems like an eternity. Suddenly, I feel warm sticky cum being injected deep into my ass,the guard's swollen cock pulsing with each blast. Moments later another load of hot, sticky, cum erupts shooting down my violated throat by James. 

I close my eyes, pray the ordeal is finally over collapsing to the ground mentally and physically exhausted. I feel humiliated sexually used; totally violated. I hurt, my throat and mouth are sore. I must have passed out from all the pain. I can vaguely hear voices around me, but I can't ascertain what is being said. When I finally open my eyes, I'm being carried outta the room and down a hallway by the two guards. Dried blood clings to my cheek, a small bandage covers my wound. Everything is fuzzy and distorted, my whole body literally aches. I'm escorted to a dark room and tossed on a bed of some sorts. I close my eyes to block out the unbearable amounts of pain I feel wishing I was dead...