 The depression didn't seem to be bottoming out. 1934 seemed the worst year so far. Those with jobs for grateful to have them. Many more looked in from the outside, hungry for diversions to take their minds of their misery. , Hollywood was still making money and was always up for stunts that would awe and amazed the public. Such an event as a major studio sponsoring the trans-polar air race. Doris Dowd carried her portable typewriter as she walked up the stairway to board Ethel Andres' Curtiss Model 57 Teal. As a reporter for the New York Call she would be traveling with the crew to report on the big race from the inside.

Ethel was a glamorous pilot who always produced good copy. The plane, normally carried a standard crew of three but an extra wide seat had been wedged into the craft. Ethel would be flying along with her financial backer, navigator, and often rumored lover, the dashing Chet Powell. Doris was not the kind of reporter to harp on minor details such as the fact of Chet Powell's marriage to department store heiress Joanna Huston.

In the shared small seat next to the slim, dark haired reporter was aviation mechanic Pete Brown. Pete took one look at the lovely Doris Dowd and was instantly smitten. For much of the rest of the trip he kept referring to Doris as "Doll." Doris just rolled her eyes at him. Beautiful, urbane, and sophisticated, Doris had her pick of many of New York's most prominent men. Doris had made her way into the gossip columns a few times herself. Once she was spotted with a prominent polo player, another report linked her to a certain New York baseball player.

Doris took one look at Pete and immediately wrote him off. Oh his job was glamorous enough, and he was reasonably attractive, but Pete himself was aggressively blue collar. Doris thought it no shame for a man to get a little dirt under his nails, so long as his morals and breeding did not also track through the filth. Pete was the kind of guy who was always found himself attracted to Doris. She was movie star pretty and always dressed sharply. Too many guys were like moths attracted to the flash but who had nothing, either intellectually or physically to offer the slim reporter with jet black hair. 

Pete had gotten things off to a dreadful start by comparing Doris Dowd to Snow White. "I'm not your cartoon pin up," replied Doris, "I'm a serious reporter who wants to focus on her work." It took Pete until they were halfway through Canada to take the hint and stop badgering the dish of a reporter. His boss, Ethel Anders had also told him to shut up. Quietly Pete fumed while he watched a small breeze flutter at the hem of Doris's electric green skirt.

The flight had been exciting so far. Ethel was firmly in third place. One of the German zeppelins had circled the airfield before the planes took off, and the weather had been perfect. Doris watched, fascinated at the interplay betwixt Ethel and Chet. Chet was all man. Despite the fact that he controlled the purse strings and ran the publicity campaign for Ethel, there was no question that he deferred to her at all times while flying. Doris hoped to land a man like Chet someday. In fact, if the opportunity presented itself, Doris was not above, slipping the millionaire playboy her own phone number. She cast an icy glance at a now cowed Pete Brown, "Why do I always end up sitting next to jerks?" she thought to herself.

Suddenly an orange fireball loomed out of the arctic gloom. At first Chet thought is an unusually large sun dog, but it seemed to be following Ethel's plane with obvious intelligence. Ethel tried to fly above and around the object. The fireball kept closing. The plane was suffused with a blinding white light, Ethel banked right and, to Doris's utter horror, the seat she and Pete were strapped to detached from the frame of the aircraft and tumbled across the fuselage and out the door into the open air! 

After recovering from the shock of the arctic chill, Doris had time to wonder just how big her obituary would be in the Call, then the wind and the chill vanished utterly. Doris blacked out for a second and awoke, still strapped to her seat inside a cavernous airborne structure of some kind. Pete awoke a moment later and assailed Doris's ears with every predictable question. They very same ones she had asked herself. Despite his bravado, it was obvious that the young mechanic was terrified.

"Greetings earthlings!" came a deep voice that seemed to emanate from everywhere at once. "Make yourselves comfortable. We will reach our destination of the planet Turga shortly."

In an eerie yellow light Doris and Pete sat thunderstruck. The distance between them was not great. The need for human touch, caused Doris to press her right leg against Pete's left leg for comfort. 

"What the hell does, 'destination of the planet Turga' mean, Doll?"

"My name is Doris, you oaf, and I think it means we have been kidnapped."

"By Martians?"

"Something like that, except these are Turgans or perhaps, Tuganians."

Doris noted that she still had her purse, (and oddly, her hat) so she extracted one of her notebooks and began jotting down impressions.

"What are your doing, Doll?"

"Obviously, you dullard, I am taking notes. If I am going to journey to a new world , it will be the story of the millennium. Too bad that I lost my typewriter and that ream of paper."

"Milleni .. what?" asked Peter, confused.

Flabbergasted at the ignorance on display, Doris stated, "Mr. Brown. I assume that you are a gifted mechanic or else Ethel would never have hired you. However, you seem incapable of the simplest intellectual conversations. Do us both a favor, when we meet the Turgans, allow ME to do the talking."

For the next forty five minuets there was a dull metallic hum. Pete and Doris felt motion. The large chamber they occupied was warm. Doris had a sudden need to use the bathroom. Seconds later a commode and a concealing curtain materialized to the front of them . Doris unbelted herself and made use of the new facilities. Pete followed suit.

Doris decided to walk about the chamber and began to try and summon up other things. She wished for a typewriter and paper. She wished for a window, she wished herself home a dozen or more times. Every wish went unfulfilled. 

At last their journey came to an end, pounding sounds and a switch in the feel of the gravity indicated that the object they were inside of had at last landed. Seamlessly the wall of the chamber opened revealing a greenish sky and a white ramp leading to an open plaza.

"Exit the craft, humans." came the same voice from everywhere.

Her reporter instincts coming to the fore, Doris was first down the ramp. Above the plaza, seated on the throne, a slim gray skinned man who wore a harsh, impatient expression. He wore the accouterments of power and was obviously in charge. For one of the few times in her life, Doris was rendered speechless. Pete was similarly awed but was more fascinated by the many flying craft darting about the pale green sky. With no obvious propellors, Pete wondered how the pretty little things stayed aloft. He pegged the gray skinned ruler, as the same sort of officious jerk he ran into all the time, the type that expected him to jump, fetch and roll over on command.

They gray skinned man gazed down at Pete and Doris and asked,

"This is the immanent threat to galactic peace?"

An officious looking creature stepped before the throne, genuflected and said,

"Our agents tell us that in less than a decade these beings will solve the mystery of splitting the atom."

"They hardly appear intelligent for that." stated the potentate. "How long until they achieve interstellar flight?"

The fawning figure before the king cleared his throat and said, "Quite some time, sire, perhaps another century or more."

"A century! Morons like this will use atomic weapons on themselves long before they solve the riddle of translight travel. Your research expedition was a pitiful waste of time and resources. We have plenty of opportunity to figure out how to exterminate them IF they become a problem later. You are lucky that I am in a charitable mood, Mengus or I would ship you off to the slave pits! Debrief them. I will view them after that task is performed."

With that the figure rose from his throne revealing a hight over six feet. He stepped into a flimsy looking metal craft, levitated into the air and vanished into the distance at practically the same time. Doris and Pete felt pointed objects in their backs as uniformed men came to collect them. The men appeared human enough. Why their leader was gray and vaguely reptilian, was a mystery to both Pete and Doris contemplated as they were led to their next destination. They found themselves escorted to separate glass cells. Doris could do nothing to prevent them from taking her purse and notepad. 

Pete and Doris could see each other but could not communicate through the clear material. One of the smartly tailored soldiers entered Doris's cell carrying an object that looked something like a hair dryer. Doris was told to sit in the chair behind the desk. As she sat she saw that the desk in Pete's cell also held one of the contraptions. Doris sat and the dryer like object was positioned just above her head. The world became a white fog and Doris lost track of herself and everything else.

When she came to her senses an unknown time later, the guard was exiting her cell with the strange device.

"Hey, what happened?" asked Doris "What was that thing?"

The guard silently slid out of the room sealing the clear door behind him. 

Doris turned to see that Pete was still under the influence of the device. The guard in his cell was pushing buttons and looking at readouts. It seemed another half hour before the guard finished with Pete,pulled away the device and exited his cell. Doris saw Peter come out of the same fog she had experienced. As Pete came back to his wits, Doris wished for the first time that she could talk to him.

With nothing else to do Doris surveyed her cell. The clear walls were neither glass nor plastic, but some material Doris had never encountered before. The desk seemed to be a combination of metal and wood. The chair was made of the same substance. The padding on the armless chair was neither leather nor fabric. Doris did draw some comfort from realizing that this room could only have been meant for short time incarcerations. Doris was not prone to claustrophobia but the crystal walls seemed to be closing in on her.

"They will have to move me somewhere else soon." 

Doris looked at her watch and discovered that it had stopped, apparently upon her entry into the alien craft. Or perhaps it stopped during her fall. Again she wanted to ask Pete to compare notes. She held up her watch and pointed to it but Pete did not notice, was busy trying to open the door of his cell. Both Pete and Doris discovered that pounding on the walls was a fruitless gesture. The material absorbed the sounds of their fists and muted it entirely.

Suddenly the gray reptilian man and a phalanx of guards was standing just on the opposite side of the crystal. Doris heard,

"This one is an aviation mechanic. He has a well ordered mind, we had to extend the debriefing with him because he possesses splendid technical knowledge of many of earth flying craft. I believe he could be rapidly trained for a place in one of your garages, Sire. In any event, he is a man too good to waste. The neuro examination also shows that he is quite fit. He can perform lots of hard work. A bid libidinous perhaps, still, the kind of man who loves a technical problem. You might have considered Mengus's trip a boondoggle but he certainly hit pay dirt with this specimen.

While listening to the conversation of the aliens, Pete Brown could not help swelling a bit with pride It was always appreciated when his talents were recognized. Pete's pride however did not prevent him from yelling invective at the lizard man and his goons.

"Settle down, peasant!" shouted the gray lizard like being, "I can understand your discomfiture but You WILL get a hold of yourself. From the ceiling some sort of ray zapped Pete Brown. Doris screamed. The mechanic felt as though ten thousand volts had coursed through his body. Stunned to silence he gazed at the ruler in awe.

"That is better," said the tyrant. "You are a man with a technical mind. I noticed your attention upon the flying vehicles of my realm." Pete was amazed that such a big wig noticed his fascination with the beautiful shiny craft. "How would you like to be trained to fly, repair, and build those sorts of vehicles, young man?"

Pete did not have to think long for his answer.

"I would be lying to you sir, if I did not confess that the aircraft of this planet fascinate me. All the same, I'd rather return to earth."

The gray skin alien allowed himself a smile and said, 

"Let me put this in simpler terms it either work for me, The Emperor Wentro, or die."

"In that case, your Excellency I will be more than happy to work for you."

Emperor Wentro laughed, turned to one of his aides and said, "Very good, when we are finished, get this man a uniform and have him swear allegiance to me and then begin his instruction."

The gray man strode over to Doris's cell and gazed at her. 

"What is this ravishing creature?"

Doris heard the assistant say,

"Some sort of media professional. Full of current events of her home world, a bit of history and LOTS of ephemera. Her type of media is so antiquated we no longer have a name for it. We kept getting the phrase 'freedom of speech' from her debriefing, now there is a monumentally stupid idea. I'm not sure we can really integrate her into society aside from, perhaps courtesan. She is very feminine and has quite a high kinetic sexual response ratio."

Emperor Wentro stroked his chin and said "Interesting. She is rather comely is she not?"

"Oh yes, your Excellency, she is very attractive."

Despite having seen Pete zapped, Doris could not resist speaking her mind.

"Now see here! I am a first class reporter for one of America's great newspapers. I hardly think the term ephemera is either fair or adequate."

"Silence woman!" shouted the emperor. "I am quite capable of using the ray of obedience. You can share your friend's experience with the beam."

That threat made Doris get a hold of herself and she pulled her lips together and allowed silence to reign supreme in her cell once more.

"Feisty, little thing isn't she?" opined the emperor.

"Nothing like a little fire in the bed chamber, eh Excellency?"

"Indeed, indeed." Laughed the royal 

Wentro then turned and faced Doris.

"Woman, unveil yourself, I would assess your charms."

Thunderstruck Doris emitted a soft "What?"

"Remove your garments woman so that I can feast my eyes upon your loveliness, there is always a place in my harem for the right female." 

Doris's eyes grew to the size of saucers.

"Oh no! God, NO!" 

Oddly, Doris's answer caused a twinkle of mirth to cross the being's face.

"I am afraid, my dear that that is the WRONG answer. However, Turgan technology has the power to render your objections moot. And speaking from a strictly personal perspective, it is also quite fun!"

"What do you mean?" asked a panicked Doris as Wentro stepped up to a control panel in front of her cell. Doris heard a buzz, a blue light suffused the cell. As soon as the blue light vanished, Doris realized that it had taken her hat and coat along with it!

The blue light pulsed again and Doris realized that her shoes were gone! The full meaning of Wentro's words hit her at that moment.

"No! Don't!"

One more pulse and the white cashmere sweater Doris had worn over her green dress, to fight the cold of the plane's interior, had vanished. Desperately Doris preformed a metal inventory. Beneath her green dress, a full slip, beneath that a bra and step ins, garter and stockings and then nothing but her jewelry and her bare skin!

Doris's panicked eyes surveyed the royal at the control panel. He wore the same expression as her kid brother when he played with his train set. Doris realized that she was powerless, and that by stripping her one article at a time, Wentro was reinforcing her powerless state. She filled her eyes with pleading in hopes that there was at least some humanity in the being,

The light strobed again and Doris's designer green dress, the Paris original which had cost her a month's salary, was atomized. Wentro's leer increased. Another flicker and Doris's slip had vanished into the ether, revealing a supple, trim form with a flat belly and enticing navel and large breasts restrained by the heavy bra.

Doris screamed for mercy. The emperor took her bra. Desperately, Doris tried to hide herself, crossing her arms across her chest, flattening her breasts to her body. By now the potentate was openly grinning. Doris could just visualize what her tormentor was seeing. Doris had fine long legs, wide hips and a lovely derriere, many men had told her so. A select few of those men had even gotten the privilege of viewing her in the all together, but that had been on her terms and with men who could either advance her career or who got her motor running. Dejectedly Doris realized that even the man she most regretting sleeping with was Prince Charming compared to the gray repulsive being who was now in control of her destiny. 

Anther pulse of light and her hose and garter vanished. Crying now with shame and anger, Doris let her hands fall to her sides as the ray blinked twice taking her step ins an then her jewelry. Emperor Wentro smiled in delight at both Doris's beauty and the delectability of her torment. Doris hung her head in shame. It seemed to her that she could almost feel Wentro's eyes touring her exposed flesh.

Indeed, Wentro gazed hungrily at the beauty he beheld. Her proportions were perfect. Doris's perky breasts had succulent areolas and little pink nibs for nipples. Already the emperor could envision the gold studs with the diamond caps that would be the woman's only adornment aside from her collar. Below the flat trim tummy, Wentro drank in the expanse of dark carpet of her crotch and thought to himself, "Behold, the only fur this women will ever wear outside of my chambers." after a moment his thoughts continued with "Perhaps Mengus deserves a prize for retrieving such a glorious female." Doris looked at her oppressor through her tears. Even in her emotional state she perceived the impossibly large bulge forming in the creature's pantaloons. Doris's heart fell when he spoke.

"Quite enchanting! Have this one collared and pierced, I think a creature as fine as this merits diamonds. Because she rebelled against unveiling herself have this edict inscribed upon her collar,'This slave is to be kept naked at all times. clothing her, except under orders of his Excellency, results is the death penalty.'"

Emperor Wentro leered at Doris and said, "See what your refusal has brought you, gorgeous? In the future I expect immediate obedience to my orders such as later tonight when you are brought to my chambers!" 

"Please your Excellency, have mercy!" she cried, availing herself of her last hope.

Wentro's response was was a wan, and quite evil smile. With that the alien and his men made their way out of the hallway in front of the cells. Dejectedly, Doris gazed about her cell, hoping against hope that some remnant of her prior life remained. Not a trace was she able to discern. She caught Peter Brown staring at her open mouthed. She read both lust and pity in his eyes. Doris made no effort to hide herself, 

"What difference does it make now?" she thought to herself. A fresh wave of tears swept over her.