 STORY SUMMARY: An unnamed nation weaponizes the Domina device and uses it to try to coerce intel out of a female enemy spy they refer to as Agent K2.

NOTE: Though this story takes place in my Domina universe, it isn't necessary to have read any material before this. This story takes place soon after "The Invention of Domina". For those who haven't read my previous stories, Domina is an AI controlled Brain Computer Interface capable of manipulating certain sexual desires. Having been developed only a few years prior, the device is still fairly rudimentary in design but its capabilities are quite powerful.

-------------------------------------------

Even before opening her eyes she had already begun assessing the situation. The feeling of vertigo she'd experienced a moment ago had faded and she realized she was laying on a table that was set at a slight incline. Her arms and legs were spread out above and below her and a slight movement of each limb told her that they were strapped in place and there was almost no give to the restraints. Her heart began to beat harder in her chest but her mind was only becoming sharper and more aware as the desperation of the current set of circumstances became more apparent.

This wasn't the first time that she had been in significant danger. Far from it in fact. For all of her teenage and adult life she had taken on risky missions for the Motherland starting from basic intelligence gathering to sabotage and finally elevating to being one of the nation's top femme fatales. She hadn't elevated to this level without running into several life-threatening situations, but she had made it through them all though few of her captors could say the same.

She opened her eyes but was only able to squint into the bright light of the room. The incline she was on left her looking mostly at the ceiling which was a flat white with hanging florescent lights every few feet. She tried to lift her head to see around the room but found that there was a strap holding that in place as well. It became quickly apparent that there was also a strap around her neck, chest, waist, and both of her thighs and biceps, but there was something else too. When she pressed her head back against the table she felt small circular points of pressure that were evenly spaced starting from the base of her neck and extending upward covering the back of her head and possibly beyond.

Her eyes began adjusting and she could make out a number of people dressed in deep blue military uniforms standing and sitting in the room around her. The two nearest to her came into focus and she identified them as medical officers. Both of them were older men and were observing her through a series of monitors to her left. The two conferred in the language of her enemies, a language she didn't entirely understand, but their speech was calm and brief before they switched the monitors off and walked away towards a ramp that led to a pair of red double doors about twenty feet to her right. A few others that she hadn't been able to get a clear look at left the room as well but as they did two others approached, both women also clad in deep blue uniforms. They appeared to be in their early to mid-30s and were both physically fit, attractive, and had the soft look common to those who lived in these hedonistic and immoral lands. One of them had brunette hair and the other black.

When they stopped at the foot of the table she estimated that they each stood about 5'10 which made them giants compared to her. Laying on the table only accentuated the difference in height which was no doubt why they chose to use taller women for added intimidation. Neither wore name tags which wasn't uncommon during any form of torture. Nobody wanted to be easily identified and possibly find themselves facing retribution for their unseemly acts.

A metallic click denoted the locking of the double doors and now just the three women remained in the room. Her eyes were fully adapted to the lighting and the fogginess in her head was almost gone allowing her to better assess her situation. She realized that she wore only an airy white hospital gown that covered her from neck to knees up front, but the backside only covered to her tailbone. The little shifting around that she could manage allowed her to feel the sleek metal table beneath her bare legs and ass. If something of a sexual nature was going to happen or had already happened it wasn't going to be the first time she'd endured something like this, though it would be the first time women had been used to perform such acts. In any case, she would be able to handle whatever these Neanderthals were planning.

"Agent K2," the brunette woman began in a formal tone. This much of their barks and gibberish that they laughably called a language she understood, but she caught very little of what the woman said after this. It was no doubt the typical insults and threats that these inferior lifeforms were so proficient at. Nothing more could be expected of them. Despite them being in clean uniforms and towering over her restrained and rag covered body, she felt pity for them. The poor brainwashed fools were puppets of their corrupt and evil government and they were doubtlessly whores whose souls were condemned to hell for their godlessness.

The two women continued to refer to her as Agent K2 during their nonsensical dialog, an identity that was designated to an individual that wasn't even on her team, much less in her profession. That agent was a code breaker and while K2 was a person of value, she certainly wasn't as valuable as herself. If they thought she was K2 and didn't know who they really had then this was to her advantage. The security would probably be much lighter and the measures they would take to obtain information from her more limited. One disadvantage is that K2 was fluent in the heathen's language which is why these two presumed she knew it. She would have to do her best to hide the fact that she didn't understand. She waited quietly as the two of them spoke back and forth and glared at them in defiance any time they seemed to expect a response from her.

Finally, the women shared a look that must have conveyed an unspoken meaning as the black-haired woman stepped away while the brunette approached the edge of the table and squatted down. From somewhere beneath the table she produced what looked like a diaper and began to lift the front of her gown. She stopped for a moment and pronounced some sort of incomprehensible warning. When that was not heeded, she lifted the gown up exposing her lower half and worked to slide the diaper onto her.

Through the groping of her naked body she showed no emotion and kept her stare focused on the black-haired woman whom she assumed was in charge since she wasn't on diaper duty.

When she was done, the brunette stood up and walked a few paces over to a two-foot-wide stainless-steel panel that stood in front of the table and placed herself alongside the black-haired woman who was fiddling with something on the panel. After a few wordless moments passed they both looked up at her expectantly and she almost immediately felt something change.

It took her a moment to identify what this was, but when she did she had to do her best not to burst out laughing. She'd previously deduced that the foul purpose of the nodes on her head were either meant for electric shocks or, more likely, they were for brain imaging. Having been on the receiving end of the electric shocks she knew what to expect if that were their purpose. Brain imaging would have been unique but not unheard of. An expert might be able to infer a great deal by evaluating the effect torture was having on the mind of an enemy. After the diaper had been placed on her and the stern warning offered, she'd been sure that they were preparing some form of torture that would result in her shitting herself, which she knew wasn't outside the realm of possibility depending on what they were going to do. She had been steeling herself in preparation to face a true horror, but what she felt now was akin to a weak vibrator. They may have invented something as advanced as a mind altering device but they'd functionally reduced it to a sex toy.

In hindsight, she should have guessed they'd try something like this. These buffoons were so obsessed with sex and depravity that they probably thought it to be an effective method of torture. And why not? On numerous missions she had taken significant advantage of their obsession, wielding her feminine wiles to make fools out of many men and women within the heathen nations. But this singular device and its ridiculous attempt at torture was truly a microcosm of why these people were doomed to fall under the heel of the Motherland.

Despite her continual internal astonishment, she was certain that her face and body didn't show anything. Her training simply wouldn't have allowed for it. For their part, the two women observing her showed nothing either. She didn't know what they really expected would happen but for now she decided it was best just to observe them and enjoy this absurdity while it lasts.

After a few minutes she noticed that the sensations from the device were getting more pronounced. She could distinguish two different points of attack. The first was the physical where she felt a gentle touch focusing on her clitoris as well as rhythmic insertion into her vaginal canal. From a technical perspective it was impressive how authentic it all felt. It might have even been effective at inducing pleasure if there were a greater intensity and better rhythm to it, but the levels were all over the board. The second focal point was emotional. She could feel a growing sense of emptiness and yearning to be reunited with her countrymen. At first she thought that she was misattributing this desire to their machine, but as the feeling got stronger it became clear that it was artificial. While this was an impressive parlor trick, she couldn't help but wonder how many billions of dollars they'd wasted on this technology while the Motherland made true weapons of war.

One of the skills she'd honed over the past couple decades was the ability to accurately track the passage of time unaided. About fifteen minutes had passed since she felt the first sensations and it was now beginning to be more difficult to concentrate and the staring contest between her and the two women was getting harder to sustain. Her eyes were becoming tired both because of the brightness of the room and the angle she was watching them from, but that wasn't all. Despite not wanting to admit it even to herself, she had begun to feel some level of pleasure from the device which she couldn't easily block out. She wasn't sure if her body's resistance was wearing down or if the device was improving, but either way it was gaining some traction on her.

There still didn't seem to be any purpose to this other than possibly humiliating her which wasn't going to accomplish anything. Even if they brought her to repeated screaming orgasms against her will, she'd screamed under far worse circumstances than this and it never resulted in her breaking. Maybe they had some intelligence on Agent K2 that suggested that she'd be vulnerable to humiliation of this nature, but even that seemed ridiculous. In all likelihood, this was more of a reflection of how easily heathen agents broke under 'torture,' if it could even be called that. Surely no agent of the Motherland would crack under this.

Another ten minutes passed and the device continued making gains at an increasingly rapid pace. About five minutes ago it seemed to have found a rhythm that was going to bring her to climax but it briefly let off for a few seconds before re-established the rhythm and shifting away again. The third time through this cycle it brought her to a high level of excitement which she anticipated would be followed by it backing off, but instead it simply held her at that point. It seemed like she was a feathers breath away from an orgasm and even the slighted movement would set her off. She wouldn't know though because regardless of the intense arousal it produced she refused to move. As near as she could tell her outward presentation remained one of controlled intensity. Years of practice allowed her to properly manage her breathing, heart rate, and micro expressions so as to be unreadable even under this sort of extreme physical duress.

The area where she was struggling was with the emotional assault. It felt like an ever-growing hole was forming in her chest and she'd gone from her missing her country, to her family, and just recently transformed into something she'd never even had, a lover. She'd had numerous men and women and those relationships sometimes lasted many months and included all manner of affection, but they'd all been business. She'd never truly had someone in her life that she held so dear that they were effectively a part of her, but in this horrible moment there was nothing that she wanted more than to plug the empty part of her soul with someone who cared for her that deeply.

The combination of desires racking her mind became so strong that she was no longer able to maintain her intense gaze on the two women and she decide that closing her eyes was the best approach. Maybe the women would see this as a concession on her part but it was part of the game. Even as she gave a little ground her mind naturally looked for ways that this could be converted to her advantage. In this case, she let them see that they are having an effect and now she'd be able to observe how they'd respond to that. It would allow her to learn a little more about how they operate and hopefully bring her a step closer to devising a plan that could turn the tables.

Some more time passed but she couldn't be sure how much. Maybe ten minutes? Maybe more? It was bad enough that she had been on the edge of an orgasm for this long but the device kept shifting its patterns and finding ways to make her feel more and more pleasure without letting her get any closer to a release. Worse was the feeling of tears trying to form behind her closed eyes as the emptiness expanded its hold on her. Through determined focus and mental resourcefulness she kept managing to stave off the anguish that threatened to brake her but the device was relentless. It irked her to admit it, but it seemed that this really was a device of torture and what's worse is that it was a type that she hadn't learned a defense against. She kept telling herself that everything had a weakness and certainly this device did too. She just had to find it.

A minor breakthrough came when she began to separate her mind from this situation and managed to generate a mental state where sexual stimulation became repugnant rather than pleasurable. That wasn't hard to do as she only needed to imagine her enemy succeeding in breaking her in this way. The idea was so horrifying and unspeakable that it quickly brought her excitement level down.

As promising as this line of defense seemed at first it didn't last long. In an act that left her filled with dread she sensed the device rapidly cycle through various stages of physical and emotional attacks before settling on something that jolted her right back into the position she'd previously been in. This device clearly wasn't just some prototype. It had a terrifying improvisation and intelligence for dealing with even the best countermeasure she could formulate. Feeling a sense of frustration after the setback, she struggled to form coherent thoughts through the unyielding edging and bitter longing for a nameless someone to take her in their arms. It had been a long time since she had felt this helpless and demoralized. She had thought she was so tough, so unbreakable, that it would take days of sleep deprivation along with physical and mental torture to threaten to wear her down, but now she was facing the very real prospect of submitting to a sex machine after only a matter of hours.

The device was too proficient and even now it appeared to be improving. It made her very aware of just how little she understood about her own body and how it reacted to sexual pleasure. Masturbation and similar acts were forbidden by God and she strictly followed Gods Law in all cases except when it involved defending the Motherland against the heathen nations. This meant she spent almost no time experimenting with her body in this way and she was paying for that now. And having never dealt with falling in love or losing anyone close to her she hadn't developed coping skills for those emotions either. This was like her worst nightmare.

An idea flashed into her head. Since trying to squelch the sensations hadn't worked, maybe the reverse would. Rather than fighting both the pleasure and desire for a lover, she instead flooded her mind with the sexiest memory she had which was of a forbidden romance from her youth. It had happened only shortly after she'd been recruited into the department of espionage. Though he had technically been her commander at the time, he didn't need to exercise any authority for her to end up in his private quarters. She could vividly recall creeping out of his closet and startling him by wrapping an arm around him from behind. Thinking about the strength and speed with which he manhandled her into submission still exhilarated every fiber of her body. She begged to be punished for her flagrant disregard of his privacy and he had been all too willing to acquiesce, tearing her fatigues from her body and tossing her onto his bed. He ravished her for much of the night which made the following days training a bit tougher to endure, but it had been more than worth it. Their act had been sinful and unlawful and exquisitely thrilling.

The thoughts and fantasies came in such quick succession that it even surprised her, but to her infinite dismay the device seemed to anticipate all of it and clamped down on the pleasure before she could trick it into taking her over the edge. It was at that terrible moment what her body betrayed her with an audible gasp of shock and disappointment. This nearly broke her resolve but she managed to rally her spirits just in time to collect herself.

In a strange way the agonizing defeat offered a temporary respite. The failure had been so crushing that for a moment she felt numb to the world. Though it was decidedly bad that her enemy had managed to drive her to that sort of mental state, she couldn't afford not to take advantage of even this dire situation.

She tried imagining that this was a test and that the women before her were her mentors. She elicited memories of the sort of agonizing training she'd withstood under their watch and how resilient she could be when not wanting to disappoint them. This proved to be as ineffective of an attempt as she'd made thus far. Almost as soon as the numbness faded the desire to shift her legs started to become intolerable. No matter who was out there judging her now, this was an itch that she had to scratch, only when she tried she felt the restraints pull tight and steal any chance of inducing a climax.

With that plan dead, she tried to pretend that this was a holy punishment that she deserved for her sinfulness. She conjured up a scenario where her sexual transgressions with her commander had been discovered and she was suffering a penance that God had demanded she pay. Calling out to Heaven in her mind she prayed for forgiveness, cursed her weakness, and laid herself before the will and judgment of all mighty God in hopes that he'd have mercy on her pathetic soul. The fervency of her beliefs allowed this to work for a little while, but after a few minutes she was nearly ready to swear off her God for putting her through this much torment. The thought of rejecting God shocked her into another state of numbness, but this time it didn't last long and she was now out of ideas.
