 The next morning Wentro gently woke Doris and Maera. The two women gazed at each other, smiled broadly and then applied themselves to Wentro's massive morning wood. The two women fillated the Emperor together, bringing him to a rousing and most satisfying climax. Once the women had lapped up as much of the dictator's sweet syrupy cum as they could, Wentro stroked their heads and dismissed them. Maera redressed herself in the emerald clothing she had worn to the royal bed chamber. Wistfully, the naked Doris padded off to her sleeping alcove.

The presents that were waiting for her, elated Doris a great deal. There were three rings, ruby, emerald and sapphire. To wear about Doris' narrow waist was a gold chain studded with black pearls, topaz stones and silver filigrees. Doris could not even imagine how much the baubles would bring on earth. Doris tried them on and modeled them for other members of the harem. Many of the women were jealous. They did not understand what their master saw in the slim, ebon haired woman. Doris realized that she was greatly favored by the absolute ruler of the planet Turga. Still she would trade all of her valuable gifts to stroll, fully dressed and anonymous through Times Square.

Part of Doris knew that she was living on borrowed time. If some new conquest were to capture the fancy of Emperor Wentro, Doris was sure to be cast aside. Doris imagined the long years ahead. Somehow she knew that the days when she was not being used by Wentro would fairly creep along. When Raja was out of earshot, some of the less favored women of the harem were vociferous about their feelings of boredom and loneliness. Wentro kept many more women than he was capable of using. Only rarely was a woman that he owned gifted as prize to a diplomat or offered in tribute as part of a treaty. Wentro had definite favorites but was disinclined to disposing of a woman once he had acquired her. Doris thought again of Wentro's desire to impregnate her with a daughter who would one day take Doris's place in the harem, and decided that she wanted no part of that scenario.

Doris wanted children, but first she wanted a husband, a human husband. She recalled the many men she had known on earth. Some were better candidates for marriage than others but all of them were preferable to Wentro. "True," Doris told herself "I'll never find a cock, like Wentro's again. I may never be brought to the heights sexually as I have been for the last several days, but I would gladly trade them for a house in the country and a very ordinary man, with a very human penis, preferably a large one." Doris fingered her collar, and gazed at her refection in the mirror. She considered Pete Brown and wondered if he was fitting into life on Turga, more successfully than herself. "He really wasn't a bad guy. A bit boorish, but perhaps, if given the chance, I could have taken the hard edges off of him and made him a suitable consort. Too bad he will never get a second chance to make a first impression with me." 

Several weeks passed Doris was still kept spectacularly nude, much to her consternation. Making love to Wentro was never boring yet the danger of serving him also never faded. One morning, Doris' ' revere was interrupted by the arrival of Raja. Doris was to wear all of the jewelry she had been gifted while she served in the throne room for the day.

"The Emperor, would display his benevolence." said the harem keeper. After, breakfast, a bath and a perfume misting, Doris gathered up her rhythm stick and strode into the throne room. Her many jewels caught the light and flashed in stunning ways. Doris heard many oohs and ahhs as she took up her spot to the right of the throne.

Pete Brown was going over the plan in his head for the thousandth time. Because he had successfully made himself anonymous in Wentro's Air Corps, no one batted an eye when Pete began devouring the weapons manual. Wentro's power was such that few dared attack him. His army and air corps had not had to handle anything larger than a skirmish for over a quarter of a century. The idea that someone would strike at Emperor Wentro was considered ludicrous, especially in his throne room. Even the renegades whose attack had turned Wentro from an imposing ordinary human into a foreboding gray skinned, vaguely reptilian being had struck during a private meeting with his eminence. In fact, so smoothly and firmly did Wentro rule, that no one really paid attention to the munitions manuals any more. Nearly all of Turga believed that Wentro would vacate the throne only upon his death, and his lifespan was very long. Pete had not been able to figure out just how old Wentro really was but Turgans lived for hundreds of years, from an earth perspective. Not even Pete was deluded enough into believing that he could actually kill Wentro. On the other hand, he and his throne room could be rendered incapacitated for a few moments. In those moments, Pete could retrieve Doris, spirit her away to a waiting space ship. Pete gazed at the tiny devices he had built. Everything he had read told him that it would work. All he needed was patience to be rotated into the Air Corps honor guard. 

Doris gazed at the crowd assembled that morning in the throne room. She was startled to see a familiar face. Standing off to one side, next to an air speeder and looking very sharp in an Air Corps uniform, was Pete Brown. Doris felt herself flush with embarrassment. Somehow, the presence of a fellow earthling made Doris's nudity worse. Across the room her eyes met Pete's soft brown ones. "He really is not bad looking." thought Doris to herself before her spotlight flared and she began to sing "Anything Goes" in her very pleasing alto voice. Doris had just completed the first chorus when she heard a loud popping sound and the room was plunged into momentary darkness. A fraction of a second later the lights returned and Doris noted that everyone present in the throne room save herself and Pete were unconscious!

Pete jumped onto a nearby air speeder and yelled. "Let's get out of here Doris!"

Suddenly rousing herself, Doris sprinted for the air speeder and slid into the seat behind Pete. Immediately the vehicle rose to the air and tore out of the entrance of Wentro's throne room. Doris clung tight to Pete as the speeder climbed and darted crazily until it came to rest at the spaceport. Hastily Pete hurled another one of his grenades at knot of corpsmen guarding the smallest of the space ships. Grasping Doris by the hand, Pete fairly dragged Doris up the ramp and into the space ship. Once inside, Pete closed the door, planted Doris before a bank of instruments and levers and yelled. "Doris, unless you want to die a very nasty death, pull the levers I tell you to in the order I give you. I can not pilot this ship alone and if they catch us..."'

"I understand," replied Doris. The reporter from the New York Call lost track of all sense of time as she struggled to keep up with Pete's instructions. To her considerable delight she felt the cigar shaped vehicle rise from the ground and begin to accelerate. In the view plate above Pete's head, Doris watched fascinated as Turga became a rapidly shrinking sphere.

"OK. Now it will run on automatic until we reach earth. This ship is not as fast as the one that abducted us. It will take about eight four hours until we return to home."

Doris took a step away from the controls and allowed herself to breathe.

"Won't they follow us, Pete?" asked Doris.

"They might, but this ship can become invisible even to the best Turgan sensors. They use ships like this for spying missions on Turga and Earth and other planets that Wentro has designs on. If they pursue us they won't be able to find us, even though, in our case, they know exactly where we are headed."

"What did you use, Pete?" asked an awed Doris.

"Anesthetic grenades, I was able to calibrate them so that the only beings they did not affect were humans. Incredibly simple to use, if you know what you are doing."

"Oh, Pete!" gushed Doris as she embraced the airplane mechanic.

Doris melted in Pete's arms and graced him with a stupendous kiss. Pete reveled in the osculation and replied.

"Quite a difference from when before we were abducted." stated Pete matter of factually. "How do I know that the arrogant bitchy, Doris Dowd does not return once we get back to earth."

Suddenly chastened Doris replied, "I'm sorry about being so dismissive of you earlier Pete. To be honest, I had written you off without a second thought. I was used to a particular kind of man, you did not fit the mold. In my defense, you seemed to be only interested in me in a particular way. But, you saved my life, and that changes a lot of things. In fact, let me demonstrate my gratitude." Doris reached for the buttons on Pete's tunic.

Pete gathered up Doris in his strong arms and steered her over to one of the padded chairs on the starboard side of the craft. Pete delighted in the touch of Doris' soft warm soft hands as they opened his shirt. He gazed intently at the beautiful black haired woman. The jewels she wore made her even more beautiful. Pete eyed the diamond capped studs in her succulent nipples. Gently he fingered the objects. As lovely and as flawless as the diamonds were, Doris's nipples and breasts were far more enthralling and twice as perfect. Pete moved his mouth to Doris's firm mounds of womanhood. She tasted every bit as sweet in reality as she had in Pete's dreams.

Peter worked his way down Doris' fine body. She tasted like sunshine and nectar. At the juncture of Doris' legs, Pete inhaled her heavenly aroma of her thickly carpeted sex before he began exploring it with his tongue and lips. Doris was quite surprised and delighted to discover that Pete was rather skilled at cunnilingus. Pete's many hours in the air corps brothel had not gone for naught. Pete realized that he was now twice the lover he had been. The harem girls had been polite and willing teachers. Pete had arrived on Wentro as an all hands, all thrust lover for whom cunnilingus was mostly an alien concept. Wentro courtesans, however expected to be satisfied by their clients, not just used obnoxiously. After his first few visits to the air corps brothel, the Madame took Pete aside and told him in no uncertain terms that, if he did not learn how to properly treat her girls, she would talk to his commander and have him banned prom the premises. Pete was a very horny man but he was not stupid. He became a contrite and diligent student and of late the working girls had come to covet Pete's touch. As for Doris, the subject of his current diligence, she felt divine to be desired and satisfied on her own terms and not just looked upon as an alien novelty.

All at once, Pete was as naked as she. Doris licked and kissed her way down Pete's body. Doris discovered that she liked Pete's body rather well. She would never have imagined that such a fine physique lay under his earth coveralls or beneath this dashing Turgan uniform. Pete's penis was neither too large nor two small. The fellatio that Doris performed on Pete's equipment was the most wonderful that both the penis and Doris had ever enjoyed. When Pete came, Doris lapped up his seed with gusto. If Doris was disappointed that the earth man did not taste like sweet syrup, her face did not show it. 

Pete surprised Doris by being ready to go again in a very short time. He did not have the recuperative powers of Wentro, but then, what man did? Without a word, Doris mounted Pete's shaft and remembered all the familiar joys of human intercourse. That she would never mount Wentro's huge textured rod, was only the most transitory of passing sadness's.. Doris panted and screamed as Pete smiled in delight. Once she collapsed upon him they kissed and cuddled for quite some time.

"Pete, I hope that proves to you that I have feelings for you." She said at last. 

For a long while after those words they embraced in silence, both contemplating the future that had just opened before them. Eventually Doris broke the profound silence.

"Have you chosen a landing spot for us on Earth yet? " she asked.

Pete smiled and said, "We will be landing in style in Central Park, appropriately enough, right near the Explorer's Gate."

A sudden realization crossed Doris' countenance, "My God Pete! We can't land there I'll be naked in front of thousands of people!"

"You were naked in front of that many in Wentro's castle." Peter replied calmly.

"But THIS is different!"

"I don't know," deadpanned Pete. "I think the press would really get a charge out of your appearance. I for one really like the collar and the diamond studs. Wentro was definitely right about one thing, you DO look much better without clothing."

"But, Pete!" whined Doris.

"As it so happens I DO think of every eventuality." From a pouch in the back of the cast off air corps uniform, a grinning Peter withdrew a bit of shimmering fabric.

"I was able to pry this away from one of the working girls in the air corps harem. Had I gone shopping for a regular dress in your size I would have aroused suspicions."

Pete handed Doris the frock. She held it up to her slender form. She realized, with dread, that it would not conceal very much of her. Doris slid the tiny garment on. It barely covered her nipples and lower parts of her breasts from view and ended just an inch or three below her crotch. Obviously, there was nothing to wear under it. 

"I suppose it IS better than nothing." said Doris trying hard to mask the disappointment in her voice. 

"Well I like it at any rate." replied Pete. 

Doris noted her leer and said laughingly, "Its nice to see that in some ways you have not changed a bit , Mr. Brown"

After they both giggled a bit, Doris continued,

"As a reporter I can just picture the sensation we will cause when we return to Earth. I wonder if I can get my old job back? But then again EVERY newspaper in the world will want exclusive rights to my story. I can pen it myself and cut out the ghost writer. I could see it being turned into a movie or radio plays." said Doris excitedly.

"You will really have to heavily censor your story, Doris honey." cautioned Pete. "Hollywood movies don't show the kind of stuff we witnessed; your initial stripping by Wentro for example. I am able to imagine all sorts of actresses in that scene, but only in my mind, no studio would touch it. If we wrote a book however, we could infer a lot more as to what went on. Without doubt we would have real spicy best seller! Sexier even than any issue of "Spicy Mystery Stories" or "Spicy Detective.'" 

"You read that sort of literature?" gasped Doris.

"If think those are bad you should see the stuff the air corps commanders gave us to relax with when we weren't reading technical manuals. If I brought some of those back to earth I'd end up at Sing-Sing! Besides you are not exactly an angel yourself, Miss Dowd." 

"No, Pete, no I'm not." Doris face looked intently at Peter's handsome features. "There is a great deal we need to talk about."

For the next several hours Doris and Pete had a heart to heart talk. Doris realized that Pete had really been altered by his time on Turga. He had lost the brash and boorish edge. He had a charm and a confidence that Doris really took a shine to. She found that she could confide in him and shared every detail of her sexual history before their abduction. Pete seemed nonplussed by the information as he shared as much about himself. Doris was genuinely moved by Pete's next words,

"In so many ways I WAS a titanic jerk before I came to Turga. Back then, you were just a woman I desired on MY terms. I apologize for the way I leered at you, Doris. Once upon a time it would have mattered, but now I don't care a fig how many men you have slept with. We have a new life ahead of us. I want to share that life with you." 

In a sudden insight Doris realized that few if any earthmen would be as understanding as Pete. In her old life she had to juggle lovers and performed amazing feats of skulduggery to keep them from finding out about each other. How would those same, jealous and vain men react to her time in Wentro's harem? They would press her for details and ask pointed questions. Doris realized that where ever she went or however long she lived, her time in Wentro's harem would cling to her like a scarlet letter. Only a person who had shared some of her experience would not stand in judgment of her.  

"When we get back, I want our first stop to be Macy's and our second stop to be the Justice of the Peace." stated Doris excitedly as their conversation neared its end.

"We won't lack for money, Pete." she continued. "I can sell my jewels for a fortune!"

"Why don't you hold on to them Doris, honey. You worked hard for them. Besides, we will make far more money off the patents I'll take out for all of the Turgan technology I mastered while in the air corps. Among other things, I intend to be the first man to walk on the moon!" 

Doris sat soaking in the sun aboard the yacht that she and Pete owned. The past two years had been tumultuous ones. Their arrival in Central Park had caused even the most jaded New Yorker to pause and gawk. Newsreel cameras showed up their operators openly salivating at Doris's enticing form.. With Doris wrapped in a concealing blanket, she and Pete made the cover of "Life" magazine. Pete's subsequent inventions had caused him to be named "Time's" Man of the Year" The tale Doris wrote about their exploits had been serialized in everything from the Chicago "Tribune" to "McCall's" To "Look," "Liberty" and the Reader's Digest." Everyone wanted a piece of Doris and more men and women than she could believe existed wanted a roll in the hay with her. Doris and Pete retained the services of a first rate legal firm to protect their new wealth and guard their images. The firm did an astonishing job. Stamping out and slapping injunctions upon the things people were making without authorization was now almost the full time responsibility of the firm.

Some were incredibly raunchy but were at least worth a laugh or two. A guilty pleasure for both Pete and Doris was a "Tijuana bible," an adult comic book that told Doris' and Pete's story with far more accuracy and frankness than was ever going to appear in the above ground media. It was entitled "Dora The Carnal Explorer" a poetic title meant to flout copyright law which fooled no one. The artwork was surprisingly good, and the likeness of cartoon "Dora" to the real thing was striking. Obviously the artist had been quite inspired. Pete thought the comic very reminiscent of the sort of literature Turgan air men were given to relax with in their off hours. He was also claimed that comic book caught Doris's personality better than any interview or magazine profile had. It seemed a shame to have such a labor of love put to the torch so Doris had sought out the artist, rewarded him with a large fee and a complimentary nude modeling session. In exchange the artist readily promised to never recreate his masterpiece. Now thousands of the comic books were in storage at a Brooklyn warehouse. Some would be be carefully gifted to loyal friends and confidants. What Doris would do with the rest she had no idea.

Doris felt wonderful to just relax and breath in the salty Mediterranean air. Doris stroked the arm of the millionaire's wife in the adjoining chair. She made scant acknowledgment as she was caught up in reading "Dora The Carnal Explorer." Like Doris she was nude and stunningly beautiful. While they had had a devil of a time getting the collar off of her neck, Doris had made no attempt to have the diamond studs removed from her breasts. Pete enjoyed them and removing them promised to be a laborious, complicated, and potentially disfiguring operation that Doris would just as soon not endure. 
