 Doris did not know how long she remained in her cell before a large powerful man came to claim her. Pete had been led away some time ago. Doris was sorry to see him go. It occurred to her that he was the only person on this planet Turga whom she knew in any way. Two smartly dressed soldiers had come to claim Pete, all three of them eyed, Doris's naked form with thinly disguised lust. At least Pete had also shown sympathy in his eyes and mouthed something to Doris before he was led away. Doris thought he might have said "fair well" or "good luck", Doris was grateful for the sentiment.

The man who came for her was well over six feet tall. Every bit of him seemed to be muscle. He wore a uniform slightly different from that of the soldiers who had led Pete away. Doris was not sure if it was funny or sad that she still behaved like a reporter, when her days as a member of the fourth estate were clearly at an end. The size of her escort and the ugly, dangerous looking weapon he held in his hands were powerful inducements for Doris to obey and allow herself to be led to the next, and perhaps final, phase of her life.

She was led out of the building, keeping her hands at her sides as instructed. The green sky and strange sun reminded Doris that home was very far away. The sudden change in temperatures caused her nipples to pucker, an event that did not go unnoticed by her guard. Doris allowed the man to strap her into the seat of some alien craft. The man was at least polite and did not touch her any more than necessary. "Small favors go a long way." was Doris's thought at the man's general kindness. The flying sensation once the vehicle left the ground was unlike any Doris had felt before. More like the feeling of being in a ballon or zeppelin than on an airplanes.

Doris drank in the landscape below her. It was a modern and clean city, the color white predominated. The best Doris could compare it to was the illustrations in the trashy pulp novels, Tim, the copy boy at the Call was always reading. Even now Doris could hear his adenoidal voice squeaking, "But these stories are really keen, Miss Dowd." Doris wondered how the Call would treat her disappearance, would she really be missed? She certainly hoped so.

An elegant palace reared up, reminding Doris of a wedding cake. The alien aircraft carrying Doris circled the building twice before alighting very close to a side door. A shorter, turbaned man with a Buddha belly flanked by two huge sword bearing nearly nude, men greeted them.

"Ahh, this must be the Emperor's latest acquisition." said the turbaned one as he spied Doris exiting the craft. "As always, Him Eminence has exquisite taste."

Doris's escort handed the shorter man a slip of embossed paper, Doris could make out a royal crest on the document. The man read the presented order with interest and then eyed, Doris carefully. 

"An unusual request but not unprecedented." stated the man to himself. After a moment of thought he turned to Doris and said, "Come child, there is much to do!"

The swordsmen spurred Doris into the building and down a long hallway. The smell of expensive perfume wafted into Doris's nostrils. Dimly, sounds of female laughter and mirth could just be discerned.

"Our first stop is the slave smith." stated the plump turbaned man whom Doris now understood to be in charge of Wentro's harem. "His Excellency will have my head if I leave you uncollared for long."

They turned into a side room. A bear of a man was fiddling with sheets of tanned leather.

"Rush job, Felix." said the shorter man. "Here are the edicts for the collar and his Excellency wants diamond studs, the finest quality.

"Sure." said the bearish man in a booming voice. "Put her in the frame I can the job done while you wait."

At sword point Doris was strapped to a metal, human sized frame. Her arms and legs were spread wide and a strapped down. Another strap belted her waist. The bear of a man pushed some buttons on a a box on a table and it made a humming noise. Almost immediately a thick collar of black leather with a gold catch and silver highlights emerged from the the box. On the collar was a crystal clear window with text in some language she could not read. Doris had no need of a translator in this instance anyway. Doris noted the royal crest prominent on the object. 

Doris tried to slink away. Fastened to the frame however there was no place for her to go. The large man fasten the collar about Doris's neck and then sealed the catch with some kind of light ray. Doris understood that it was now all one seamless piece. She could not imagine how it could ever be removed. "So, I am to end my days as a slave in an alien harem." thought Doris to herself. She wondered under what circumstances that fact would ever be known to her friends and coworkers at the Call. Doris was already imagining scenarios where she would escape. "If that gray asshole thinks I am gong to spread my legs for him," thought Doris. "he has another thing coming." 

The sound of the autoclave opening brought Doris out of her revelry. The ursine man withdrew a large piercing needle as Doris's eye widened in terror.

"No! Please don't!" she cried

"Tsk tsk," said the large man as he dabbed a clear fluid on Doris's nipples, "this won't hurt a bit. Giving slaves pain is the soul domain of his Excellency." 

Doris watched, suddenly numb as the big man loaded the needle into a gun. She braced herself for pain as the man tugged on her nipple, but no pain came. In rapid succession both of her fine pink nipples had ben pierced and an something inserted in them. Only now did Doris focus on the modifications made to her body.

Sparkling in the light were four diamonds. Doris realized that a gold stud had been inserted in each nipple with the diamonds ensuring that they stayed there. Doris was a bit familiar with gems like diamonds. These stones were flawless and of several carats each. On earth they would bring a fortune.

"What kind of world can adorn slave girls with baubles like this?" She thought to herself. Doris could not suppress her reporter instincts no matter how hard she tried.

Doris was freed from the frame and spirited on to another room. The furniture was soft and satin covered aside from a chair in the middle of the room. Doris was told to sit there.

"You are to be instructed as to what is expected of you and what will happen to you if you do not please his Excellency." said the chief of Wentro's harem.

Finding her voice at last, Doris asked "Of what use to a gray reptilian being is a human woman?"

The man looked stunned and replied, "His Excellency is as human as you or I. Some revolutionaries sought to overthrow him by secretly having him injected with genetic material from an Azort. Azorts ARE reptiles. The plot of the revolutionaries was to weaken his Excellency or so disfigure him that he would either abandon the throne or kill himself. However, when the Emperor discovered that the Azort genes had permanently enlarged his manhood and greatly extended his abilities, he made the revolutionaries knights of his inner circle! He enjoys that his new appearance makes him more intimidating and sets him apart from the common folk. I assure you in the bed chamber, Emperor Wentro is ALL man."

Doris sat a moment, drinking all of those fact in. She was not allowed to contemplate for long because the man began speaking again. 

"First you will see the results of failing the Emperor. Wentro wants enthusiasm, compliments and paroxysms of joy. He expects you to swallow his seed after sucking on his manhood and the Emperor reserves the right to use his manhood to explore your rear entry. So long as you are obedient and enthusiastic, a woman of your looks should have no problems. But if you fail ..."

The man pushed a button on some device on his hand and a movie began to play right before Doris's eyes. It was better than any movie she had ever seen on earth. It was three dimensional and the sound was amazing first came aerial pictures of Wentro's castle. Those soon vanished and Doris heard, "Failure is NOT an option." The screen filled with the image of a slave, looking very much like Doris herself. She was in room chock full of medieval torture devices. The woman's collar was fastened to a hook on the wall. What happened next was too terrible to watch yet Doris could not tear her eyes away. 

Wentro entered the room looking positively demonic. In his hand he carried a cat o nine tails. Wentro proceeded to flay the woman alive with the whip and then killed her very slowly in many painful and bloody ways. Her pleas for forgiveness and mercy did not impede the man in the least. Three more harem girls met the same fate before the turbaned man decided that Doris had witnessed enough.

"Obviously you want to stay on the good side of the Emperor. If you become a prize he will shower you with gifts and luxuries. He may decide to keep you for life or you may be given to a foreign dignitary or as tribute to seal a treaty. If you take care of the Emperor he will pension you in your old age and you shall retire as a very rich woman. Now for the what to do instructions."

The horrid images of the first film was replaced by the smiling face of a slim, blonde, and very pretty harem girl. She was luxuriating in a large room festooned with pillows, a large bed in the center of the room.

"Pleasing the Emperor is not difficult." the woman stated. "Observe carefully these instructions and you can look forward to many happy years servicing our noble leader. Remember to praise him, recall small favors he has shown you and ALWAYS be a delight between the sheets!" 

Doris doubted her eyes upon witnessing the subsequent images. Obviously taken in Wentro's bed chamber, the film showed the potentate in action. At first Doris thought the penis was a special effect, it was so long and so thick. The fact that it was gray made it no less intimidating. That the organ was all too real was demonstrated as it was plunged into the private places of one harem girl after another. Doris had never seen such acrobatic or intense sex. The length of time that Wentro could last and his recuperative powers between performances had Doris's jaw on the floor. Not even in the debauchery show for women she had viewed in Paris had Doris seen anything comparable. Doris doubted that she would be capable of performing at the level of the women in the film. As if reading her thoughts the harem master said,

"Wentro prefers to break his slaves in slowly. Most of the women you saw have many years of experience serving his Excellency. In time you will be trained to perform just as enthusiastically and acrobatically as them. What the Emperor expects at first is instant obedience, not a single word of complaint and ALWAYS enthusiasm. Now it is time for your bath and perfuming. The Emperor expects to make use of you in a few hours." 

Doris had to conclude that the bath was very nice. After every inch of her flesh was minutely inspected, a weigh in and details of her every measurement recorded, Doris was conducted by much older women to the royal baths. The temperature was perfect and servants lathered her head to toe and gently rinsed her off. A wonderful massage followed and her hair was combed and curled. She was allowed to eat sparingly of some very fine cuisine. Doris had never encountered golden handles on the bathroom facilities before. The rooms of the harem were kept warm enough that Doris needed no clothing, most of the other females in the harem, not all of who were human beings, lounged in little or nothing. Finally, some very expensive and divine smelling perfume was sprayed over her in large but tasteful quantities. The attentive pampering ALMOST made Doris forget the enormity of the task ahead of her. Doris did not want to die, certainly not in the grisly and horrific way of the women in the film. Doris had slept with men she had a distaste for before, in some ways this was no different. On the other hand those encounters had not been tinged with the threat of death. Doris tried to reconcile herself to her fate. As long as she lived, escape was a possibility. Perhaps Pete Brown would find some way to extricate her. Were that to happen, Doris would give Pete sex so intense that would set him aflame. 

Those thoughts brought her back to her current conundrum The harem master, whom Doris was instructed to call 'Raja'; apparently the title began as a joke between the harem master and the Emperor, arrived to escort her to Wentro's private bedroom. 

"Ordinarily, a new arrival is clad in fine lace and enticing fabrics, you, for some reason, are never to be permitted clothing, except under written order of the Emperor. Your duty in the throne room will be most revealing, and quite interesting. In any event there is precious little that I can tell you at this point that I have not already told you other than good luck."

Raja opened the door for her and Doris, as mentally prepared as she would ever be, strode into the room. She sat on the huge bed, finding it very comfortable. The room was a pleasing aqua color with a white ceiling bearing the royal crest. In a mirror Doris gazed at her reflection and fingered her collar. She noted again the royal crest, she was property now, she realized, "Monogrammed like the sheets, and the napkins and the silverware." the facts of her present circumstances echoing about her skull, like mocking laughter.

The door opened, and in walked Retro, looking every inch the despot. Doris plastered a sincere looking smile upon her face, she rose and received his embrace.

"My charming earth woman. I hope for both of our sakes that you prove satisfactory."

He inhaled Doris's perfume an then kissed her deeply. He instructed Doris to undress him in a sexy and tender way.

After figuring out how the alien fasteners sealing his shirt, Doris began to slowly, tantalizingly part the mysterious fabric. Beneath the shirt, Wentro's skin was just as gray but he was finely muscled. Under the romantic lighting of the room his skin appeared to take on a more reptilian sheen, almost as though he had scales, Wentro's increase in breathing, proved to Doris that she her approach was the correct one and it was finding its mark. She cast aside the shirt. 

His tan pantaloons were already straining at the seams to restrain Wentro's erection. Doris praised the ruler effusively, saying things like, "Earth men are nothing compared to the wonder of your Majesty." Doris recalled a particularly insistent editor she had to bed to retain her job. She told Wentro the same lies she had told that man. It occurred to her that that disgusting editor was, in his own way, as reptilian as the man she now serviced. The pantaloons were teased off.

Viewed up close, and held in her own two hands, Doris realized just how massively the Emperor was endowed. At the same time she realized that accommodating the member would be a difficult but not impossible task. Doris fell to her knees and her, tongue and lips began a tour of the huge phallus. The skin felt bumpy to Doris's tongue, not soothe like a human males. "The alien genetic material in the Emperor must explain the difference." she thought.. Doris decided that the difference was very much to her liking. The skin of the phallus stimulated her mouth and tongue, filling all with pleasant sensation. Doris wondered what this ribbed surface would feel like inside her. 

Trepidation fled from Doris as she concentrated on getting the dictator off. Finding her rhythm, her hands and mouth worked as one unit. She felt the Emperor s back tiffen as his member discharged all over Doris's lips and face. Remembering the admonition from the video, Doris did her best to lap up Wentro's seed. To her surprise and delight it tasted like sweet syrup. From rumors she had heard from other women in the harem, Wentro apparently too a drug for this very purpose. Doris had no problem licking up every bit of the royal seed.

Wentro swept her off the floor tho lie in the bed beside him. "Very nice, my pet. In a short while we shall test the rest of you." Doris found that she minded the next sequences of kiss far less than the first several. Wentro held Doris close, his warm body and hat breath were almost tolerable. Doris delighted in the novel sensation as Wentro's teeth toyed with the diamond studs in in her breasts. To her considerable surprise, the Emperor was quite adept at cunnilingus. Moments later Wentro was ready to go again. From a dispenser built into the wall, Wentro collected some lubricant and greased up his manhood. He then slathered lubricant all over Doris's sex. Doris realized that it had been quite a while since she had slept with a man. Her last assignation had been with a Broadway star, in his dressing room between matinee performances. Doris remembered that the actor's manhood had been most underwhelming.

Showing a tender side that surprised Doris, Once in the missionary position, Wentro progressed slowly, almost tenderly until the full length of his impressive ember was deep inside her. Wentro rose up and gently began rocking away. Doris tried to reciprocate his action. The feel of the alien penis inside her was like nothing Doris had ever dreamed about. It was thousands of little rises and vallies filling all of her. Just as the surface of Wentro's organ had stimulated her lips and tongue, it also stimulated every part of her insides. The orgasms were not long in coming and seemed to Doris to last forever. When Wentro at last came inside her it felt like a geyser erupting. Doris gasped for air as the giant tool became flaccid.

"My man was right you do have 'quite a high kinetic sexual response ratio.' Mengus is definitely getting a very nice gift for finding you. What are you called, beautiful?"

Doris struggled for composure as she answered, "Doris, Doris Dowd."

"Doris." said Wentro repeating the word over several times. It is not an unpleasant sound. Very well. You shall be permitted to keep it, at least for as long as you serve me."

"Thank you your Excellency." replied Doris. She followed this with "Thank you for my life as well."

Wentro stared intently at Doris, a bit of a chill crept up the girl's spine as her captor's eyes became hard and fierce as he stated. "So long as you understand that your every breath is a gift I alone grant you and that the key for me to keep rewarding that gift to you is more performances like this one, I will allow you to keep your life." 

Doris nodded and said, "Understood Master." 

"Very good. I am going to take you two more times tonight. I think I will save your ass for a future rendezvous. When I am finished Raja will reclaim you and return you to the harem. Since I have taken you tonight, you must spend the next week gracing my throne room with your presence. All of my conquests are displayed before the public. They smile constantly and are always in a happy mood because they have me as their lover. Unless you are given as a gift or tribute, you will never lie with another man, for the very simple reason that after experiencing my perfect love, no other man could ever compare."

"Of course, your Excellency." replied Doris.

Doris was never so tired as when Wentro finished with her. She had lost track of the number of times that she had come. By the time her evening with Wentro concluded, Doris was drenched in sweat and amazingly sore. Walking came with difficulty when Raja led her away.

"You have done well, child." said the harem master. "For the Emperor to make so much use of you this first night, he must be very pleased with you. Now we must have you fed and bathed. Get as much sleep as you can tonight, fair one, for the hours in the throne room are taxing."

Doris decided that the food of this planet was a treasure. Her meal was spicy, sweet, and savory all at once. This time she was permitted to eat her fill. Some of the other harem girls played instruments and sang while an older woman bathed Doris. Soaking in the pool with the beautiful music playing, Doris realized that some parts of her new life were not bad at all. Still she resented life in a cage, with no ability to choose her own lovers or even to wear clothing again. She was already dreading her day in the throne room.
