 Doris dreams of Maera were quite stimulating. Doris Knew that she was not a disciple of Sappho but she certainly could appreciate a beautiful female form. Doris recalled her one previous excursion into the land of woman on woman love, with the wife of a certain millionaire. The woman had been a green eyed redhead a few years older than herself. Aggressively bisexual she had instructed Doris, encouraged her, and yielded herself to the dark haired reporter.

Doris had reveled in the woman's embrace, the headiness of her perfume and the gentle touch of her lips on all of Doris's sensitive places. Truth be told, Doris was not as enthusiastic about eating pussy as her instructor was, but she still had a marvelous time. Celia, the millionaire's wife, received several orgasms from Doris and gave Doris several in return. All the while Doris and Celia were intertwined, her husband sat naked at the foot of the bed, smiling broadly and stroking his impressive manhood. Once the tryst was over, Doris's polo set hosts had extended her an open invitation to join them for a prolonged cruise. If not for some pressing deadlines, Doris would probably have accepted the offer. The beautiful raven haired reporter recalled that the post office had delivered a card from them just a few days before she and Pete Brown had been hijacked to this planet. The picture postcard from the south of France simply said "Wish you were here, in EVERY way possible." It was signed by both Celia and her husband. With a jolt, Doris realized that if she had accepted that offer she would now be in Europe instead of Wentro's harem. Doris forced the thought from her mind. It would only taunt and depress her. 

Instead the beautiful buxom reporter thought about Maera. Doris had no idea how experienced the slim blonde woman was, but that hardly mattered, Doris knew exactly what she would do with the ravishing fellow harem resident. Wentro was not much different than the men of earth, realized Doris. The thought of two women satisfying each other, before or after having been used by the man appealed to something very deep in all of them. Doris realized that it was more than just the novelty of two women making love; there was envy of woman's ability for successive orgasms as well as a desire in men for friendships as powerful and deeply satisfying as those between women. Watching two women was more than simple voyeurism, it was a way of seeing, all at once, everything a man loved and envied in women. Doris knew that she would put on a good show for Emperor Wentro. 

But first, after the morning breakfast and bath, were many long hours in Wentro's throne room. Doris was a bit more reconciled to her constant state of nudity. Clad only in her collar, which promised to be her only garment for as far into the future as she could see, Doris tried to push that fact away.There was nothing she could do about it so why waste emotion worrying over the reality? Under the right circumstances, being naked had always been pleasant for Doris. Wentro's throne room, with the leering diplomats and ogling petitioners was certainly not the right circumstances, but Doris tried to inure herself to them. She could not afford to let Wentro's intended humiliation achieve its purpose. "Perhaps," thought Doris, "If my behavior is exemplary and I portray the right blase air about my nudity, Wentro will decide that I have suffered enough and will give me clothes." It may have been faint hope but it was something for Doris to cling to. 

There was the usual shocked atmosphere when Doris took up her spot to the right of Wentro's throne. Holding the rhythm stick away from her body, Doris strode to her place imagining that she was clad in the latest fashions from Paris. It did not stop the murmuring or the audible comments, but it helped Doris feel better at least. Later, when the spotlight flared above her, Doris began to sing "The Very Thought of You." The tune went over very well amongst the crowd and Wentro smiled in appreciation, convinced that his presence had inspired Doris's song. 

Not far away Doris spotted Maera. The beautiful blonde woman had an instrument that resembled a tambourine. She beat out a steady rhythm while twirling beautifully in a flowing gossamer skirt. Doris contemplated the other woman's collar. "Monogrammed property, just like me." she thought as her eyes toured the fine body. For a moment, Doris's and Maera's eyes met and Maera winked at Doris. Apparently the thought of lying with the dark haired Doris appealed to the cool blonde dancer as well! 

When the long day in the throne room concluded, Doris relieved herself and made her way to a massaging couch. Doris knew for a certainty that the least skilled masseuse on Turga outclassed even the ablest therapist on earth. Doris nearly fell asleep upon the couch but Raja came by and rounded everyone up for dinner. Doris wished she could eat her fill of the fantastic food but she was weighed every day and the portions of her meals were starkly regimented. Doris found an empty spot at the table next to Maera. 

After an exchanged of pleasantries, smiles and nods. Maera focused on her meal but her right light pressed firmly upon Doris's left leg. The thin fabric that the tall blonde woman wore was no impediment to her body heat or intoxicating perfume. Wentro was so fabulously wealthy that no two of his concubines wore the same perfume. Each woman had a unique heady scent intended to stimulate the libido. In this case it made Maera even more attractive to Doris. The one time reporter for the New York Call hoped that Maera found her own scent was as stimulating.

Doris wanted to speak further with her fellow concubine but Maera was coy and silent. Apparently she only wanted to get to know Doris better on the silken sheets of Wentro's bed chamber. Doris realized as well that as much as she wanted to get to know the woman she would soon make love to, they literally came from very different worlds. "What would she know about, Broadway, sunsets on the Seine, or even red hots at Coney Island?" 

For Doris, a recalibration of outlook was necessary.. The world she knew and loved was firmly out of reach. Her universe now was Wentro's harem, The longer she contemplated Manhattan, the longer it would take her to settle into her new life. Briefly Doris wondered if Wentro would let her create a newsletter with profiles of all of the women in his harem and a feature article on one of Wentro's current favorites. Then Doris remembered that she could not even read the language of this planet. "Killing the reporter in me will be a huge task." she thought to herself as a giggle welled up. "And if I ever DO get back to earth, what could I say about servicing Wentro without sounding like a wanton slut? I can't even mention the size of his cock in a family newspaper." were Doris's next immediate impressions. She would have continued thinking along that train of thought but Raja turned up at the table to round up herself and Maera. 

The two women were sent off in different directions to be bathed, prepared, and given a fresh spritzing of perfume. Raja led Doris into Wentro's chamber. The potentate was lounging in silken pajamas, his indefatigable erection raging. He greeted Doris with a smile and had Raja retrieve Doris's rhythm stick.

"Before Maera arrives, I want to hear one of your lovely songs again. Please select one of your choosing."

Even though Doris knew that it might make her sad, she began singing "April in Paris," putting every bit of her longing into the words. Wentro listened intently and asked Doris once she finished,

"What is this Paris you sing of my sweet?"

"On earth, Paris is a city for lovers of every kind, your Excellency." replied Doris sincerely.

"If it can inspire that kind of devotion, perhaps there is hope for your miserable planet after all, perhaps I will not designate it for destruction."

Doris wondered what Wentro would have said next but at that moment Raja knocked on the door and Maera entered the bed chamber. Doris had thought the blonde woman beautiful before but now she was positively luminous. Her hair had been carefully arrayed and her slim form had been housed in wisps of green silk and lace that complimented her golden skin and hair magnificently. Doris's enthusiasm for the night ahead multiplied enormously.

"Doris," said Wentro, "you need to undress our guest and see how sweetly the two of you can make love. I'm sure I will enjoy watching and later, partaking of both of you." 

Doris slid off the bed and grasped both of Maera's soft hands. Doris felt a passion akin to an electric current pass through her as she embraced the slightly shorter woman and their lips met. Doris had no idea what came over her as she slowly, yet very enticingly stripped Maera of her garments. That Doris was turning on both Maera and Wentro was beyond doubt. Doris noted the flush of he blonde woman's cheeks and the subtle change in color of the hair on her loins as dampness became apparent. As for Wentro, he had shed his pajamas and was contentedly playing with himself. 

Doris lowered Maera to the huge bed and began kissing her all along her body. Doris thought of Celia and tried to behave as she had done when Doris was her pupil. Doris smiled broadly when her nuzzling of Maera's breasts caused her nipples to become erect, lifting the emerald capped stud piercings. Doris worked her way down the enchanting body. A flurry of kisses graced the sexy navel before her mouth discovered Maera's sex. After circling Maera's clitoris teasingly with her tongue for quite some time, Doris at last acquiesced to the girls sincere pleas and brought her to a roaring climax.

Doris with her hands and fists, extracted several more orgasms from Maera before she slid under the blonde woman and instructed her, softly and sweetly, what to do. Doris always adored receiving cunnilingus, suddenly it mattered not whether the practitioner was male or female as Doris felt herself lifting away. As she moaned, at that moment, it seemed to Doris that she was an observer some distance away, perhaps beyond the ceiling before her soul returned to her gasping form on Wentro's sheets. At the same moment, the emperor came in torrents all over herself and Maera, but Doris hardly cared. Her lips found Maera's and for seemingly the longest time, only the two of them were present in the universe.

The two women were drenched in sweat and spent passion. To Wentro it seemed that the two women fairly glowed. For only a passing second, the dictator thought it impolite to interfere with the relationship displayed before him, but then he was hard again, and those thoughts vanished. In a surprisingly soft voice he instructed Maera to position herself where Wentro could eat her out while he fucked Doris.

Both Doris and Maera were loathe to disrupt their idyll but both knew that Wentro was to be obeyed without question. The logistics took some working out. Doris rode a supine Wentro while Maera straddled his face. Doris noted that when Maera subsequently came for Wentro the passion did not quite match that which she had shown for Doris. The Emperor however, was so caught up in his own needs and satisfaction that he did not notice the difference in enthusiasm. Doris forced the thought out of her mind as Wentro's prodigious manhood released itself deep inside her. Doris herself came with just as much intensity.

Once Wentro came, Doris and Maera kissed and praised the despot until his tireless manhood was ready for another round. The women traded places from the first triple encounter. Doris had to conclude that Wentro's tongue was every bit as gifted as his cock. After everyone was satisfied anew Wentro was effusive in praise of his two concubines. 

"Both of you have out done yourselves. You will both have the rare honor of spending the night with me. When you awake in the morning, some truly spectacular gifts will be waiting for you in your quarters. But now let us all get some sleep and dream about our wonderful night together."

With Doris on the right and Maera to his left, the trio soon fell into deep slumber. Doris knew that she should not try to imagine what sort of present would be waiting for her in the morning, but she could not help herself. Instinctively, Doris knew that it would be jewelry, and Doris like flashy baubles more than most women. Doris took a long look at the gray, Vaughn reptilian man. How he could be simultaneously so cruel and so giving was a paradox Doris could never hope to unravel. For a passing instant Doris envisioned strangling Wentro in his sleep with a bit of Maera's cast off lace, but she realized that, if she were successful, her death would be profoundly painful for an unseemly length of time. Forcing all thoughts of revolution out of her conscious mind, Doris slept well despite a reoccurring dream. 

Doris was in a giant soap bubble floating back to earth, just as she saw the skyscrapers of New York, the soap bubble would burst and hurtle Doris back through space and onto Wentro's huge penis. "Will I ever see home again?" she thought after the soap bubble shattered for the third time. At one point during the night, Doris reached across the slumbering Wentro and found Maera's hand. Softly, so as not to wake her, the earth woman squeezed the blonde's manicured fingers. She recalled Maera's touch and realized, "Here on Turga I can love and be loved in ways that I could never be on earth." The thought stayed with Doris for quite some time an affected her deeply. Then, after making herself comfortable once again, she dreamed deeply and sweetly of Maera.