 "Oh yeah! Like that, more, more, more! Oh God Fuck me! YEAH!"

Andrew tried to bury his head under his pillow but it was no use. There was no chance of him getting any sleep with the noise from the room next door. Especially with the house's paper thin walls. There were a number of advantages to living at home while studying at University, no problems with rent or food and his mother still did his laundry. The downside was having to listen to his twin sister Rebecca's sexcapades night after night.

Rebecca brought home a different guy practically every night, dragged him back to her room and fucked his brains out for hours at a time. Andrew tried not to be judgmental; after all it was just sexism that made guys into studs and girls into sluts if they had a lot of sex. As long as she was careful Rebecca could screw whoever she liked. Andrew just wished she could do it at their houses and keep the noise down. He had long since abandoned late night essay-writing. He had tried head phones, but music was almost as distracting as sex noises. Earplugs didn't seem to help either, as the wall would periodically thump as Rebecca's bed slammed into it. How his parents didn't hear it was beyond him. r perhaps they did and just turned a deaf ear.

"Oh for God's sake just shut up," Andrew moaned to himself through gritted teeth. Perhaps he should have said something, but it was difficult enough to imagine his little sister (Rebecca was thirty minutes younger than him) having sex at all. Especially when Andrew was still a virgin at twenty. It wasn't that he was nervous with girls or anything, he just never had much interest.

Andrew dragged himself out of bed and headed out onto the landing. Maybe if he went to the toilet Rebecca would hear him and think to fuck more quietly. Some hope. Andrew walked across the landing, fighting the instinct to muffle his footsteps. As he walked past he noticed that Rebecca's door was slightly ajar and for some reason he found himself glancing inside.

There was no denying that his sister was attractive. Her breasts were round, firm and large, without being ridiculously oversized. She was slim, but not skinny and still quite curvy, with a firm round ass and main of thick red hair. She was sitting on top of her latest sexual partner riding him frantically. Suddenly she glanced towards the door. Andrew darted out the way embarrassed and hoped he hadn't been spotted. He quickly entered the bathroom. His penis was making a tent in his boxers. Andrew tried not to think about his sisters naked body as he waited for his erection to subside.

After peeing, Andrew found himself pacing around the bathroom trying to find something to do. He had no intention of going back to bed; he wouldn't have been able to sleep and in any case the last thing he wanted was for Rebecca to spot him and really think he was a pervert. Andrew lowered the lid of the toilet seat and sat down on top of it resting his head in his hands, because of tiredness rather than despair. He couldn't say anything to Rebecca or his parents, but a few more sleepless nights were going to kill him. 

Andrew's head grew increasingly fuzzy as he tried not to stay awake, but he was finding it harder and harder to think.

He woke up all at once with a jolt. He was sitting up, no kneeling up, the lights had gone out where was he? He felt something between his legs and looked down. He was naked and was sitting on Rebecca's boyfriend and what was worse he had breasts. He was a woman, no worse he was Rebecca. She was riding up and down as her boyfriends rock hard penis thrust inside her. Andrew realised that he couldn't control how his, or rather her, body was responding. He hadn't become Rebecca, he was just a passenger in her head.

Her boyfriends thrusts continued. Andrew could feel her pussy, it wasn't like anything he had ever felt before. Like masturbating on the inside somehow. It was incredible. Rebecca grabbed her breasts, and Andrew felt a jolt as she tweaked her sensitive nipples. He gasped and at that moment so did Rebecca.

"Oh God Fuck me you stud! Yeah! More! like that!" Rebecca exclaimed. Andrew realised why she was so loud, this was intense. He was building up energy he had to release. He could feel it reaching a peak, any minute now she going to...

"I'm coming," Rebecca squealed. Then she let out a shriek, not of pain but release as it all came out. Her body shuddered and Andrew found himself sharing his sister's orgasm. The sensation that started inside her and spread out all over her making her tingle. She collapsed on to her partners chest gasping for breath. His cock still spasmed inside her, they had come together.

"Oh my God," thought Andrew, "that was incredible." Suddenly, Rebecca sat up

"Andrew?" she said, startled. She looked round at her door. "Andrew you perv, are you there?" she hissed.

"What?" her partner asked blearily.

"Nothing," replied Rebecca dismissively, rolling off him onto the bed. "I thought I heard my pervybrother outside."

"Twisted," the guy said, before rolling over to face away from Rebecca and promptly drifting off to sleep.

Rebecca lay back looking at the ceiling. Andrew was still a passenger. How the hell was he going to get out of this he wondered.

"Andrew?" Rebecca hadn't spoken, Andrew could just hear her thinking. "Shit, are you in my head."

Andrew tried not to think, to let his mind go blank.

"You are, you're in my head," his sister thought. "How the fuck did you that? Shit, were you in there while we were screwing? You pervert, get out, get out now!."

"I can't," Andrew tried to think. But at that moment there was flash of light and he found himself back in his body back in the bathroom sitting on the toilet seat. He stood up and found he had come in his boxer shorts. He grabbed some toilet paper and tried to clean himself up quickly. Then he crept back across the landing as quickly and quietly as he could.

As he passed Rebecca's room he couldn't help looking inside. His sister was sitting up in bed and looked accusingly at him as he walked past. Andrew hurried back to bed and buried his head under the covers. He half expected Rebecca to storm in and attack him, but he was left alone. The experience must have freaked her out as much as it had freaked him out.

* * *

Breakfast the next morning was an uncomfortable experience. Rebecca and Andrew weren't talking to one another, or even looking at one another for that matter. Their parents carried on regardless, assuming that the twins had had one of their frequent arguments. Rebecca stormed around the kitchen pointedly ignoring Andrew as if he didn't exist. Andrew just paid very close attention to his cornflakes.

After their parents had left for work, things hardly relaxed. Andrew sat for about two minutes of painful and heavy silence before getting up from the table.

"I'm off," he mumbled as he headed for the door.

"Andrew," Rebecca ordered. "What the hell happened last night?"

"What?" Andrew replied, trying to sound confused.

"You were in my head," his sister replied, "I could hear you thinking."

"I d-don't know what you mean," Andrew replied.

"Crap," his sister retorted. "You're a lousy liar Andrew, you stammer and look at your feet. You got in my head while I was having sex, you perv. How in the hell did you do it?"

"I didn't do it," said Andrew, defensively, "it was completely non-consensual. I was just in the bathroom and then I somehow got transferred into your body."

"In the bathroom," his sister retorted with a smirk, " you were wanking thinking about me. I saw you look in my room you perv."

"Stop calling me a perv," Andrew yelled, "Do you only know one insult or something?"

"Are you calling me stupid?" His sister demanded.

"Whatever," Andrew replied snarkily, "And maybe if you weren't fucking a different guy every night with you door wide open I wouldn't have to risk seeing your naked body. It's hardly like I had a choice with you throwing your sex life in my face."

"Your just jealous because your not getting any," Rebecca yelled back.

"Slut," Andrew muttered under his breath, and immediately regretted it.

"Bastard!" Rebecca yelled, and she hurled Andrew's cereal bowl at him, missing by an inch.

Andrew stormed out of the house slamming the door behind him. That hadn't gone well, Andrew felt like an ass hole for saying some of those things. It wasn't any of his business who Rebecca chose to have sex with; except that it was keeping him awake. He really didn't want to hurt his sister, and it hadn't helped that some of her remarks had hit a little too close to home.

Andrew really wasn't getting any sex. He couldn't deny it. The weird part was that he didn't really care. He had never been interested in girls and had hardly even masturbated. He wasn't gay, he was definitely attracted to women, in so far as he was attracted to anyone, he just didn't seem to have a libido. Not that that was a problem, it certainly made studying easier without one obvious distraction, but the fact that he had no interest made him feel abnormal and out of place.

Also, the few times he had masturbated, over porn magazines borrowed from friends, he had found images of Rebecca floating into his head. It was worrying that the closest thing he had to a sexual fantasy was fucking his sister. Finding himself a passenger in her body during sex was hardly helping. And the huge fight he'd just had hadn't helped him at all.

Andrew felt he needed to talk to someone about this. Normally he wouldn't even consider talking about his sex life, or the lack of it, but this was too weird to keep bottled up, and there was no way that Rebecca was going to sit down calmly and discuss things. Andrew decided to consult his best friend Tim, a psychology student with a semi-sympathetic ear.

* * *

"Weird," said Tim darkly, leaning over his coffee.

"Thanks Tim," Andrew replied sarcastically. "It's a good thing I unburdened my soul to you. If I hadn't done that I might not have benefited from your expert opinion that finding myself in my sister's body during sex was 'weird.'"

"Well it could have been an hallucination," Tim continued, ignoring Andrew's sarcasm, "they're more common than you would think and can be caused by stress or lack of sleep."

"There's no way it was an hallucination," Andrew countered, "Rebecca felt it too. And remembered it the next day, which is why I almost got a bowl of cereal in the face."

"Well there's anecdotal evidence of a connection between twins, them feeling each other's pain or knowing when each other are depressed or in trouble," Tim suggested. "Of course there haven't been any conclusive studies done. To be honest I can't say I believe in any of that."

"Neither do I," replied Tim. "Or at least I didn't until last night. I'd have been ready to believe I was cracking up, seriously, if it wasn't for Rebecca. I mean she's always been pretty out there, but I can't believe we're having simultaneous, complimentary breakdowns. But then I don't believe in out of body experiences, or that I could be inside my sister's head."

"Like I said 'weird,'" Tim repeated.

"That's not exactly helpful," said Andrew, disgruntled.

"Well you've handed me something a little outside of my experience," Tim responded snarkily. "I'm a psychology student, this semi-magical shit isn't exactly my area, I'm doing my best."

"Sorry," Andrew said, "I'm just more than a little freaked out here."

"Hang on," Tim said, suddenly enthusiastic, "I've had a thought. It's a bit nuts, but so's your problem. There's this girl I know a bit, we've been to a few of the same lectures. Anyway, she's kind of into witchcraft and all that kind of thing. I don't know how seriously she takes it, it's probably bollocks anyway, but she might have some kind of insight into your kind of weird problem."

"I'm not exactly brimming with confidence," said Andrew reluctantly. "Why should she take me seriously, even if I wanted to tell a complete stranger about this?"

"Well I don't know what else to suggest," retorted Tim. "She's definitely heard about weirder stuff than this, and been involved in it if rumours are true. She might be able to help. I've got her mobile number if you want to call her. Her name's Holly Shaw."

Andrew took the number, but wasn't sure what to make of it. In the end he decided to give it a go, after all it wasn't as if he knew Holly so it hardly mattered what she thought of him and his weird problems.

* * * The next day Andrew found himself on the way to Holly's house with a reluctant Rebecca in tow. He had just had been a very strange conversation with Holly over the phone. Holly hadn't questioned his story nor had she offered any suggestions or advice. She just listened and hardly seemed to react at all. She had very matter of factly asked him to come see her and insisted that he bring Rebecca along. Convincing his sister to come had hardly been easy, and Andrew was beginning to regret it.

"Where in the hell are we going," Rebecca demanded for something approaching the three-hundredth time.

"I told you," Andrew answered through gritted teeth, "to see a friend of Tim's."

"And who is this friend and why are we telling her about your weird problems," Rebecca objected.

"My problems?" Andrew retorted. "This happened to both of us, and the last time I checked that's not normal. Believe it or not I don't want to be a passenger in my sister's head the next time she has sex."

"You probably get off on it you pervert."

Andrew resisted rising to the bate. The last thing he needed was Rebecca flying off the handle again.

"Look, I'm honestly freaked out by this and I know you are too," he said as calmly and reasonably as possible. "I've talked to Tim and he hasn't got a clue. I don't see how a psychotic episode could happen to both of us at the same time."

"Okay," Rebecca said, sounding somewhat calmer and more rational, "so what's special about this friend of Tim's? What does she know that he doesn't?"

"She's, a kind of... witch," Andre admitted, bracing himself.

"Are you fucking insane?!" Rebecca yelled, "if you're going crazy you don't go see a crazy person! You need fucking therapy, not voodoo. Jesus, I knew this was a fucking stupid idea."

"For God's sake Rebecca," Andrew interrupted, "I know it's nuts but I haven't the faintest idea what else to try. This is bizarre and I'm scared and I just want to deal with it and if that means spending half an hour with someone who turns out to be crazy what have we got to loose. If it doesn't work then we look for professional help. Will you please just go along with me just this once?"

Rebecca sighed and said nothing, but she didn't storm off. This was progress Andrew told himself, now he just had to hope that this Holly person wasn't too out there."

* * *

In the event Holly turned out to be surprisingly normal She was short, quite curvy and with her hair all over the place. She lived in a house full of incense and wind charms and it was quite clear that all her house-mates were hippies of one sort or another. Holly, however, didn't come across as a hippy at all. She was wearing a simple pink top and blue jeans and drank coffee out of a mug the size of a bucket, having offered the same to Andrew and Rebecca, both had declined.

Andrew had tried to explain the situation as best he could, feeling self-conscious and embarrassed the whole time. Rebecca had sat in stone-face silence throughout, she seemed to be trying to stare Holly down. Either Holly hadn't noticed or was ignoring her.

"Interesting," Holly said when Andrew finished explaining the problem. "It's not quite the 'I feel his pain' bollocks you normally get from twins."

"So you believe us?" Andrew asked.

"I don't know," Holly replied, "do you believe I'm a witch?"

"Um.. I don't really.. well," Andrew stammered.

"It's fine Andrew," Holly said jovially, "you're obviously not the type to buy into this stuff. You clearly wouldn't be here if you could come up with any sort of reasonable scientific explanation."

"Look can you help us not?" Rebecca butted in, speaking for the first time. Holly did not seem phased by her rudeness.

"I think I might, have an answer for you," Holly responded, "but you're going to have to take a fair bit on faith, this isn't the kind of answer you'll be used to."

"You can help?" Andrew interjected, he was shocked at how lightly Holly seemed to have taken it.

"Think so," Holly said casually, "but it's a little outside of my experience. I've heard of your problem before, but it usually only happens with identical twins. You see when a foetus divides in the womb to produce twins, sometimes it can happen that the soul of the child has already formed and gets divided as well. Normally the division happens first and the soul of each baby develops later, it's only when it develops really early that this can happen. With non-identical twins the cell division happens that much earlier, so you two must have formed a soul really early on.

"Your problem, essentially, is that you only have half a soul each. That means that the two halves are trying to merge and that's why your experiencing body swaps. Both soul halves really belong in one body."

"Sorry, what?" Asked Andrew, baffled, "I've never heard of anything like this before."

"This is a loud of total crap," Rebecca interrupted. "It's new-age hippy shit, you don't know anything."

"Hey come to a witch and you get weird answers," Holly countered, seemingly unbothered by Rebecca's hostility, "if you don't believe it you can go."

"Fine," Rebecca stood up and turned towards the door.

"You've had dozens of sexual partners, but you've never felt satisfied, or even attracted to them," said Holly as Rebecca opened the door.

"What the hell...?" Rebecca sounded more puzzled than angry.

"And you," Holly continued, turning to Andrew, "have never had sex and have no interest in it, except for a mysterious attraction to your sister."

Andrew said nothing.

"Sit down," Holly said firmly, surprisingly Rebecca obeyed. "Your problem, both of you, is that you're incomplete. You can't ever be satisfied with half a soul. One of you keeps trying to find love but can't ever get close to anyone and the other buries himself in learning and achievement but wont find what he truly needs. Each of you needs the other to be complete. You've had this problem for years, the body flashes just show how extreme its getting. But there not really the real issue, as long as your apart your lives will just continue as to be unfulfilled and you'll be incapable of true happiness or peace."

"What do we do?" Asked Andrew, "assuming I believed anything of course."

"You have to bring both halves of your soul together," answered Holly. "You see there shouldn't really be two of you; you should really be one whole being."

"What does that actually mean though?" Questioned Rebecca, still trying to sound unimpressed.

"You'll become one person," said Holly, bluntly, "with the memories of both of you. With identical twins its fairly straight-forward, there were two they become one. With you two it's more complicated, both of your minds will be combined in one body, but I couldn't tell you what form this body will take."

"So one of us dies?" Asked Rebecca, sounding nervous all of a sudden.

"It's not death," Holly countered, "its becoming something else. Both of you will become a new person neither one nor the other but both. The alternative is to stay separate, but the attraction will get stronger, the body sharing more frequent and less controllable, and, most importantly, you'll become more and more lost as you find you can't continued living with half a soul. It's up to you what you do."

"How do we do it?" Asked Andrew, "become one person I mean?"
