 When Doris awoke in the morning, Raja, the harem master, led her and the other women to gymnasium where they worked out until every woman was drenched in sweat. After that everyone was bathed and a light breakfast was served. Again, Doris was floored by the amazing taste of the food. 

After all had eaten the women who would be serving in the throne room were prepared for their day.

Doris gazed longingly as the other women were clad in lace and silk and other gorgeous fabrics Doris could not identify. Everything was designed to be both revealing yet tasteful. Doris would be serving the entire day naked, her collar and diamond studs her only adornment. Wentro showed off his conquests to both demonstrate his taste in female flesh, his sexual prowess, and to obtain a thrill by vicariously lusting after his harem through the leers of other men and foreign diplomats. Doris dreaded going on display without even a token of clothing to shield her nudity. However, she knew that complaining would cost her her life. Doris tried to mentally prepare herself as best as she could.

Raja placed a glittering tiara in Doris's carefully coiffed hair and handed her a long cylindrical object. "You may not hide yourself behind this rhythm stick. If you know any music and have any kind of voice it will be to your considerable good fortune to play and sing for the Emperor. Please him and he will be generous with you."

"But I don't know how..." Doris began before Raja slapped her on the butt and had Doris fall into line at the proper place. Doris felt every eye upon her as she strode to her place to the right of Emperor Wentro. She hoped it was a good sign that the large gray being smiled at her broadly as she settled into her assigned place. 

The Cavernous room was full of people. It had been explained to Doris that folks would be there to petition the emperor, demonstrate new military hardware, and talk of various diplomacy threads. It would be a full day. Wentro's current conquests lifted the monotony. When the spotlight hit them they were to perform, either singing or dancing or both. Those who most delighted the crowd were showered with gifts by Wentro and kept in his inner circle. Doris did not see much pleasure in that prospect but Raja assured her that it was the place she wanted to be.

The largely male crowd drank in Doris's nudity. The platform she stood on slowly rotated so that every bit of her would eventually be witnessed by the room. Doris heard loud applause and even some wolf whistles that would not have been out of place on earth when she took up her place. Doris held the Rhythm stick as though it were a guitar. Doris could already feel the chopping block under her throat. "Once they find out I can't play this thing I am as good as dead." 

Doris's spotlight flared to full. She felt every eye, the anticipation was palpable. Doris mindlessly played her hand over the musical instrument and it made a beautiful sound! Amazed Doris thought of a tune and the device began to play it. Realizing that the instrument was somehow reading her mind, Doris recalled the Cole Porter tune "I get a kick out of you." after a few fumbling seconds Doris began singing the tune in time to the music in a sweet alto voice. 

Her performance went over very well. Applause impelled Doris to play the tune a second time. As her spotlight faded, Doris could see Wentro beaming broadly at her. Doris realized that she had earned herself at least another day of life. In her mind she tried to recall that amazing jazz riff she had heard in Harlem just a week before she and Pete Brown had been abducted. Doris wondered where Pete was or if their paths would ever cross again. Alone among the men on this planet Pete was the one most likely to be able to return her to earth. Dejectedly, Doris wished that she had been nicer to him, "Why would he rescue me?" she thought to herself, "I treated him like garbage for purely selfish reasons. If he does find a way home, no doubt he won't risk his life to try and rescue me." Doris wore a smile on her dais but her emotions were as cold as the arctic.

As for Pete Brown, at that very same moment he was deciding that there were some quite nice benefits to serving in Emperor Wentro's Air Corps. For one thing the officers were less of hard asses than the ones he had served under in the British army during the Great War. The hours were not bad either. Short of an emergency or a war declaration, it was basically a nine to five force. Of course you had to take your turns on the night shift but that duty fell to everyone of all ranks. Best of all was the company brothel. Oh, the women were nowhere near as beautiful as those in Wentro's harem but some were pretty cute. When not reading technical manuals or challenging his new Air Corps buddies to games like assembling a thruster blindfolded, Pete spent a lot of his down time amongst those working girls. 

During his first day the Turgans plugged into something called a "plastic educator" an an hour later he had full knowledge of how all of Wentro's incredibly beautiful vehicles flew, how to pilot them and how to repair them. Pete was so sure of his abilities that he felt sure he could build one from scratch. If he ever made it back to earth, Pete could patent everything he learned and become a billionaire. For that reason alone he sought opportunities to escape. Turgan spacecraft were heavily guarded and complicated enough that he would need at least one other person to help him fly the smallest model home. 

Pete knew that he could not confide in any of his fellow soldiers. Emperor Wentro provided vast sums of money to any soldier who betrayed one of his fellows who was planning either rebellion against his rule or desertion from his military. Pete had seen the films of men who had simply deserted their posts. Their deaths were the most horrific thing Pete had ever seen. Pete realized that if he had any chance of returning home, the only person her could trust on this world was Doris Dowd. But Doris was now firmly ensconced in Wentro's harem. Pete wondered if he would ever see her again. The mechanic let his mind roll back to the day when Wentro had stripped Doris in her cell. Pete felt guilty at becoming aroused at the poor reporter's predicament but she was still the most beautiful woman Pete had ever seen clothed, let alone naked. Always when he was visiting the company brothel, the girl he was with became, in his mind, the ivory skinned and spectacularly built Doris. Pete ached for her in ways he had never ached for another woman. 

Back in Wentro's throne room, Doris realized that the hardest task of the entire day was the prolonged period without a bathroom break, Doris was fairly floating when the chimes indicating that the day in the throne room was at an end. Once the women were out of sight of Wentro and the throne room, there was a mad dash for the bathroom. For a fraction of a second, Doris was grateful that she was naked. She did have to remove anything to answer nature's call. A short time later Raja herded the girls to the dining table as he debriefed everyone on how they had done. He saved his final assessment for Doris,

"You did very well earth creature. Emperor Wentro has informed me that you may keep the tiara you wore in court today and that he would like you to sing to him tonight, something soft and romantic. His eminence will have my head for saying this, but I think he is quite taken with you." 

Doris smiled at the praise and prolonged life but her mind was elsewhere. She never imagined that she would be in an exclusive relationship this early in her life. Doris had not planned to settle down for at least a few more years. Her own mother had married late and had always encouraged her daughter to follow in her footsteps. Doris's days as a single woman unwound in her mind. She recalled the men she had been with, none of them were as powerful as Emperor Wentro but those men had given her memories that the gray reptilian man could never hope to match.

She recalled sneaking into the darkened Polo Grounds locker room after a July fourth double header, on an air mattress covered with towels her catcher had taken her three times, getting her off with each copulation. There had been the movie star who had dropped by her apartment every time he was in town. Doris also recalled a day aboard a yacht where a certain millionaire had taken Doris and his wife in rapid succession and then how utterly debauched Doris had felt when she and the millionaire's wife had made love to each other as the husband cheered them on! Doris did not want to give up that life, but what choice did she have? Doris would treasure each memory and cling to them to help her serve Wentro to the best of her abilities. Wentro was not without his own charms, she reasoned. He was by far the most well hung man she had ever met and his lovemaking was every bit a generous as it was demanding. She clutched the tiara which had just been gifted to her. Diamonds, rubies, emeralds shown in gold fittings. "If I ever make it back to earth, I can retire on what I will be able to sell this for." she contemplated to herself. The thought of earth made her homesick however so she forced her mind to dwell on other things. 

Doris never got tired of the baths and massages. Whatever was in the bathwater moisturized her skin like nothing else and gave it a wonderful luster. "On earth, women would kill for skin like this." thought Doris as the magic fingers of the masseuse removed ever tension from her body. From a passing tray of delicacies being carted by a servant, Doris snagged one of the amazing tasting purple Turgan fruits. It looked a bit like a strawberry but tasted like a plum, mango and pineapple all at once. With the food being so delicious, Doris understood fully why the women of the harem had their diets closely monitored. The one time earth reporter set her mind to the task of pleasing Wentro.

A few hours later Emperor Wentro reclined naked, smiling broadly while Doris sat next to him and sang "I Only Have Eyes For You" while the rhythm stick sounded like three instruments at once. After singing the song twice all the way through Wentro announced that it was time for making love. Instead of the expected fellatio, Wentro decided that he wanted to try something novel.

Under the emperor's instruction Doris faced the foot of the bed, mounted the supine Wentro and then slowly began to rotate, turning clockwise. The feeling of Wentro's massive ridged organ as it entered her and plunged deeper and deeper with each successive turn was a sensation her mind could never have dreamed up on its own. A few gentle twists later and each of her legs were on either side of Wentro's pelvis and his manhood was buried deep within her sex. Doris stifled a laugh of amazement and then she and Wentro began rocking in tandem at a comfortable pace. 

Doris came loudly several times before Wentro's huge manhood spouted like a whale deep inside her. Exhausted she collapsed upon Wentro as he became flaccid. "Oh thank you your Excellency!" she said breathlessly and with complete sincerity. This was by far the most amazing sexual tryst Doris had ever experienced. Overcome with passion, she began showering the gray man with kisses.

Wentro held her close and stroked Doris's alabaster skin. "Earth woman, only your beauty exceeds your passion and your beauty is of the rarest most exotic sort. If you continue to pleas me, when the time is appropriate I will have you impregnated with a female child. Your child shall be trained to serve me once you have reached the age of pensioning. Your beauty will live on in my harem and you shall enjoy a wealthy retirement. Perhaps I will even send you back to that miserable little planet you originated from."

Doris did not like that prospect in the least but her eyes and body language emitted enthusiasm as she replied, "That would be wonderful, Master."

"I thought you would like that idea, now it is time for you to surrender your asshole to me." 

Doris had been dreading this moment but she remained poker faced. She sincerely feared that her sphincter would tear under the assault of such a huge log of manhood. There was nothing she could do other than smile and lie, "I look forward to that, Master." Telling the truth would have ended her life right there. Doris set herself up on all fours, presenting her perfect ass to the dictator. 

To Doris's considerable relief Wentro went very slowly. It seemed to the young courtesan that the emperor used a gallon of lubricant on both himself and her posterior before he very slowly worked his newly erect penis into Doris. Wentro spoke calming words to relax Doris as well as giving her encouragement. It took nearly and hour for Wentro's massive cock to plunge itself fully into Doris's ass. His subsequent pumping motion with his ridged penis seemed to excite every nerve in Doris's body. The hills and valleys of his maleness, stimulated Doris far beyond anything anal action had ever given her. Previously, the only man who Doris has given anal sex to were the artist in Paris, whom she had posed nude for and the Hollywood actor. Other men had asked but Doris had demurred. The intimacy required of the position meant that Doris only yielded it to men with whom she felt a very special connection. Doris desperately tried to remember her previous back door adventures, but the intensity and skill of Wentro drove those encounters from Doris's mind. "Wentro is getting into my soul and stealing my memories," she thought for the briefest moment before unprecedented ecstasy washed over her.

Doris was a long time in coming back to herself. When she did, she found herself on Wentro's lap while he gently massaged and kissed her.

"Doris, my pet, you have outdone yourself." gushed the smiling potentate. "I think I have found the finest female on all of earth. I shall come up with a wonderful present for you. I also owe Mengus an apology. He has found me the finest of gems." 

"Thank you, master for your kindness, your lovemaking skills and my life." As Doris stated those words she realized that there was no hesitation and complete sincerity in them.

"You are very welcome, my pet." After holding and stroking Doris for a few minutes longer, Wentro began to nibble upon the diamond studs in Doris's breasts, gently lowered the woman to the bed and worked his way down to Doris's ebon furred box. Doris thought it impossible for her to come again after the intensity of her previous orgasm but very shortly, she was panting and praising Wentro. Three times he worked her to the point of coming, backing off just as she was at the edge of release. Doris begged for Wentro to finish what he started. Smiling to himself, the randy dictator did just that. Doris collapsed into a spent ball on the silken bed, every previous lover deserting her mind like stars fading at dawn.

Wentro gazed down at the raven haired earth girl. She was truly a gift from the stars, gently he smoothed Doris's hair and spoke to her softly.

"Because you have been so delightful and so eager to please tonight. I will give you the rest of the evening off. But first."

Wentro pushed a button on the wall and some chimes rang softly. As the sound faded, a tall, striking blonde woman entered Wentro's bed chamber. Like Doris, she wore a black leather collar. Unlike Doris, she was clad in black gossamer which complimented her skin and hair marvelously. Doris could not help but admire the woman's long legs and lovely features. Her face had an elfin or wood nymph quality. Her eyes were nearly as blue as Doris's own her bust was 

smaller but still enticing. Doris wondered why the woman had been summoned. The blonde woman bowed before Wentro and awaited instruction.

"Maera, this is Doris. Doris this is Maera."

The women exchanged greetings and then Wentro said,

"Unveil yourself Maera."

Instantly the beautiful blonde woman cast aside her transparent clothing and stood at attention. Doris greatly admired the woman's naked body. Her long legs were surmounted by round full hips, a flat tummy and quite nice breasts. Doris noted that Maera's breasts were pierced with gold studs held in place by brilliant emeralds. The contrast with the full honey colored hair that covered her sex and fell to the middle of her back as well as her golden tan was quite stunning and breathtaking. Doris understood exactly what Wentro saw in her.

"What do you think of Maera, Doris?" asked Wentro.

"She is very beautiful your Excellency."

"Yes, I think so as well. I will be making use of her shortly. Tomorrow night I will watch you and Maera make love to each other before I have my pleasure with both of you. While you are sleeping my pet, Doris, I want you to dream of novel ways to please Maera. Just imaging the contrast of your black hair and her golden mane and her tan skin against your fair complexion will certainly fill my voyage to dreamland later tonight with a most arousing mental picture."

Wentro's words took a few seconds to register with Doris. Finally she uttered, "I look forward to that, Master." 

"As well you should." deadpanned the Emperor before he urged Doris to her feet and ushered her out of his bed chamber. Raja sprang into action and had Doris fed and bathed and sent to bed in rapid order.

"Child, you must be quite the wonder in the sleeping silks, for his Excellency has sent word that he is to make use of you tomorrow. He wanted me to convey to you that your dreams be most inventive. He said that you would understand what he meant."

Doris thought for a moment, closed her eyes and envisioned the succulent body of Maera and replied,

"I understand the Emperor's words, Raja and that is exactly what I intend to do!"

Raja cocked his head, frustrated to be out of the loop between a member of the harem and the emperor. He bid the slim dark haired girl goodnight and doused the light as he left her chamber.

"Sweet dreams child," he said as he strode out of the darkened cell.

And that is just what Doris had!