 As Nina, Rob and I walked away from Fugg's scruffy little castle, we discussed the situation.

"You say that when you brought Rosalind Steward here she became Esme Fugg," Nina said to me, "but Esme Fugg denies being Rosalind Steward, how do you explain that?"

"I can't," I replied, "but you must believe me, that is what happened."

"Perhaps she is lying," said Rob Hill, "she doesn't want to return home so she is denying who she really is."

"We don't want to drag her back," said Nina, "we just want to make sure she is o.k."

"Maybe Roz is already back in our world," I suggested, "perhaps we should go and see if she has gone home."

"Very well," agreed Nina, "we shall go home."

We had been walking for about an hour when it started to snow quite heavily, we tried to shelter in the trees but we were getting very cold and wet. Things were looking pretty bleak when a black coach drawn by four black horses came into view.

"I'll see if that coach will stop for us," said Rob as he stepped onto the snow covered track.

Nina and I followed Rob and the three of us waved at the approaching vehicle. It slowed and stopped beside us. I looked up at the driver, a young man with sleek black hair and pointy ears covered in fine black fur. He seemed to have whiskers on his cheeks.

"Can you help us?" Nina asked the man, "we need to get to the house of the lady Estella and it has become very difficult to walk in these conditions."

"You may ride inside with me if you wish," came a voice from our left.

We all turned to see the coach door being held open. Nina led us to the door and we all looked in. Sitting inside was a beautiful young woman, probably in her late twenties. She wore a black robe and her long black hair fell in waves over her shoulders which framed her pale face. Her eyes were black and her lips were red, very red.

We climbed into the coach. Nina sat opposite the woman with me next to her, Rob sat next to the woman.

"Drive on Kit!" The woman ordered in a loud voice and the coach continued on it's journey.

"Thank you madam," said Nina to the woman, "we could well have perished out there.We are all very grateful to you."

"Where are you going to?" The woman asked.

"The house of lady Estella," Nina replied, "it is on the far side of the forest."

"Are you a friend of the lady Estella?"

"We are acquainted, my squire knows her better than I do."

"I'm sure he does," the woman said, smiling, "I'm sure he does."

As we carried on our journey I noticed the woman looking at me. The smile she gave when she did so unnerved me slightly.

It took a surprisingly short time to reach our destination, we did not seem to be travelling that fast but before we knew it the coach stopped beside the path to Estella's house. Rob opened the door, got out and held it open for Nina to follow. I was about to get up from my seat when the woman held up her hand.

"Leave the imp with me," she said to Nina, "I will take him as payment for carrying you through the forest in this terrible weather."

"I'm not sure," said Nina, "I need him to help me find someone."

"I shall bring him back in a day or two, unharmed."

"Very well, bring him to the house of lady Estella in two days."

Nina got out and Rob closed the door.

"Drive on Kit!" Called the woman as she closed the coach door.

As we drove along the track the woman looked at me and smiled. I felt a little uneasy.

"My friends will be so excited," she said to me, "they have not seen a red imp in a very long time. What is your name imp?"

"Ivan."

"I am Morag."

She put out her hand and I took it in mine and shook it. She had long slender fingers with long pointed black finger nails, her hand was cold.

The coach stopped outside of a small house set among the trees, Morag got out, I followed. As she led me to the house she snapped her fingers. I looked around to see the coach turn into a broken wheel barrow, the horses turn into four black rats and the coachman turn into a black cat.

'Oh fuck!' I thought to myself, 'she's a witch.'

As we got to the door it opened. We went inside and were greeted by two women who looked very old and not very pretty.

"Look what I have brought," said Morag.

The other two looked at me and licked their lips, I shuddered when I saw that their tongues were forked.

"Oh look Magda," said one to the other, "a red imp."

"Yes Margot," replied the other, "I can see what it is."

I looked at the wizened old hags with their grey skin and long crooked noses and I felt quite ill. I wondered what they had in store for me.

"I have this as well," said Morag as she produced a jar from the bag she was carrying.

"Oh good," said Magda, "as you can see, we have run out."

Morag poured some grey dust from the jar onto her hand and threw it into the air, the two old witches walked into the cloud that it had formed and were instantly transformed into two beautiful young women, just like Morag.

'Wow,' I thought, 'now that's magic.'

"Can I taste him first?" Magda asked.

"Very well," replied Morag, "but do try not to drain him completely."

'Oh fuck,' I thought, 'they're vampires as well as witches.'

"Take your clothes off," Margot said to me, "and get on the floor."

Resigned to my fate, I stripped off. The three witches watched as I did so, licking their lips with their forked tongues and rubbing their hands together in anticipation of what they were going to get from me.

I lay down on the cold stone floor and waited.

"A fine example," said Magda, as she knelt beside me and looked me over, "where did you find him?"

"On the road," replied Morag.

Margot knelt on the other side of me and the two of them began to stroke my body with their long slender fingers and sharp pointed nails. It felt nice being stroked.

"Oh," I muttered as I felt Morag's fingers encircle my semi-hard cock and pull back the bright red foreskin.

I smiled a broad smile as Morag made my cock go hard.

"You must say when you are about to come," she told me.

"Yes mistress," I replied.

As Morag slowly wanked my cock the others two flicked their forked tongues over my chest and stomach. I relaxed and let the feeling of pure pleasure wash over me, I was having the time of my life.

"OH!" I exclaimed as I felt Morag slip one of her long slender fingers up my arse.

"He's on his way," she said as she wriggled her finger around inside me, stimulating my prostate gland.

"Coming!" I shouted as I felt my seed rising.

Morag took her hand from my cock and Magda immediately put her mouth around it. I gave a grunt, my buttocks clenched, my hips thrust upwards and I started ejaculating forcefully into her mouth. I could feel my cock throb each time it squirted and it squirted lots of times.

Eventually I stopped ejaculating and my body relaxed. Morag withdrew her finger from me and Magda lifted her head.

"Was there much?" Asked Margot.

"Mmmm," replied Magda as she swallowed the last few gobs of spunk I had deposited in her mouth.

"His ball sacs have shrunk to nothing," said Morag in a disappointed voice, "I thought I asked you not to drain him completely."

"I think it was the finger up my ass that did it," I put in, "It really got my juices flowing."

"Who asked you?" Said Morag, giving me a stern look.

"Sorry mistress," I replied.

"We shall just have to let him rest until he is able to come again," said Margot, "perhaps if we feed him and keep him warm he will be ready quite soon."

"Laying on a cold floor isn't helping," I said.

"Did I ask for your opinion?" Said Morag.

"Sorry mistress," I replied.

They let me get dressed, sat me by the fire to warm up and gave me some food. As I ate they stood around the large table in the middle of the room chanting and making potions.

"How can we get him producing more essence?" Asked Margot.

"Perhaps if we entertain him," answered Morag, "stimulate him with a show."

The three witches turned and looked at me, smiled and opened their robes. My eyes widened as I took in the sight of three beautiful young bodies with full round breasts, flat tummies and soft pelts of black pubic hair.

"Are we pretty?" Asked Magda.

I nodded emphatically in reply.

They stood in a row, each put a finger to her lips, licked it and put it to her slit. I felt butterflies in my stomach as I watched them slowly rubbing themselves.

"Mmmm, this feels so good," said Margot, "does it excite you, imp?"

"Yes mistress," I told her, "very much."

I noticed Morag's cat sitting in the corner and had an idea.

"Mistress Morag," I said to her, "can you bring your coachman back?"

"What? Oh I suppose I could," she said as she strummed her clit, making herself wet.

With her free hand she poured some of the magic dust onto the table, picked up a pinch and threw it in the direction of the cat. I watched as it stood up, walked into the small cloud and was transformed into the handsome young coachman who had been driving us. He still had little fur covered pointy ears, whiskers and most noticeably, a long black furry tail which swished about with a mind of it's own.

"Hello girls," he said, smiling at them, "started without me?"

"Cocky little beast, isn't he?" Said Magda, "no wonder you turn him back when you don't need him."

"Let me feel how rough that tongue is," said Margot as she climbed onto the table and lay on her back.

I could feel my balls start to fizz as I watched the naked Kit stand at the end of the table, lean forward and put his head between the outspread legs of the naked witch. I noticed that the cock that dangled between his legs was pink and smooth but his balls were small and covered in black fur, just like a cat's.

"Mmmm," murmured Margot as she received a good licking, "that is a raspy tongue you have Kit."

I was aroused by the sight of the young witch being eaten out and my cock had become stiff. I took my clothes off, went over to the table, hopped onto it and knelt beside Margot's head.

"Is this what you want?" I asked her as I offered my cock to her mouth.

She lifted herself onto her elbows, turned her head towards me and I slipped my stiff member between her sharp pointed teeth. I moaned with pleasure as I felt her begin to suck on It.

As she became more and more aroused by the rough tongue stimulating her clit, Margot sucked my cock harder. I began to gently thrust in and out of her mouth, the tip of my pointy red cock touching the back of her throat.

"Oh yes mistress," I moaned as I felt a finger invade my ass for the second time that day, "oh that feels good."

The combination of the sucking and the prostate stimulation brought me off just as Margot began to buck her hips and tremble as she had an orgasm brought about by the licking she had been getting from Kit.

"Oh!" I cried as I felt my spunk gush from my cock and down her throat.

"Mmmmmmm," Margot mumbled, her eyes slitted, as she swallowed my load and squirted juice from her cunt.

"Is she trying to drown me?" Asked kit as he came up from between Margot's thighs, his face dripping with her ejaculate.

"His balls have shrunk again," said Magda as she pulled her finger from my ass-hole.

Margot released my cock and I slid off the table and went back to sit by the fire. I watched as Kit took hold of Margot's waist, pulled her to the edge of the table, held her legs up and shoved his stiff pink cock inside her dripping wet cunt.

"Who said you could do that?" She asked him as he began to ram his cock in and out of her.

"Ungh!" He grunted in reply as he fucked her forcefully.

"Is he always like this?" Magda asked Morag.

"He has never done that to me," she replied, a look of slight envy on her face.

Margot soon got over the surprise of Kit sticking his cock in her and started enjoying the feeling of being filled by a piece of hot stiff man. She put her arms around him and pulled him onto her as he thrust in and out of her. I enjoyed watching the fucking and would have liked to have wanked along with it, but I had nothing left in me.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! OH!" Cried Margot as she came again, digging her long pointy nails into Kit's back as she did so.

"MIAOW!" Squealed Kit, both from the pain of having his flesh ripped by those nails and from the intense pleasure of shooting his load into the young beauty beneath him, emptying those little furry balls completely.

Magda and Morag were standing next to the table, watching the action with jealous looks on their faces, the pale skin of their naked bodies blushed by the blood that was running through their veins, heated by what they were seeing. I could feel my balls coming back to life and my cock begin to stiffen yet again.

"Mistress Morag," I said, "I think I might be getting ready to be drained again."

She looked over at me and down at my cock, licked her lips and beckoned me over to the table. I went to the table, hopped up onto it and stood, legs apart, hands on hips, sticking my now stiff cock out in front of me.

"Ooooh," I sighed as Morag stood at the side of the table, leaned towards me and took my length in her mouth.

"Ooooooh," I moaned as I felt her long slender middle finger slip effortlessly up my back passage and wriggle around in me.

She lifted her eyes to look me in the eye and frowned, I was not supposed to enjoy what she was doing to me, I was merely fullfilling a purpose, producing semen for her to drink.

Despite having shot my load twice within the last hour I still managed to squirt a fair bit down the witch's throat. The blissful feeling of my cum rising up my shaft and squirting out had not lost any of it's intensity and I let out a long low moan of pleasure as I shot off.

"Was there much?" Enquired Magda as Morag took her mouth from around my now flaccid cock.

"More than I expected," Morag replied, licking her lips with her forked tongue to make sure she got every last drop down her.

"We had better let him rest now," said Margot, "we can have more from him tomorrow."

After supper the witches went to bed, leaving me to sleep curled up in front of the fire on a deerskin rug. Kit was turned back into a cat and slept in the corner. I dozed off with a wide smile on my face.

It was after four days, not two when Morag eventually took me back to the path leading to Estella's house. The witches had fellated me countless times, taking it in turns to drink my semen, emptying my balls over and over and then waiting impatiently for them to refill.

"Do not stray too far imp," she told me as I alighted from her coach, "I will be wanting to partake of your essence again soon and I want to be able to find you."

"Of course mistress," I replied, "I am always at your service."

I trotted through the forest, found the oak and went in. I counted to five and went out, back in the real world, back as a middle-aged stamp dealer.

"I think a few days rest might be in order," I told myself, "and then back for more fun."