 Part 1

A door in the attic that opens to...

"MaryLynn Bishop is a student at HSU, and she works at the Coffeehouse. MaryLynn is why Zack goes to the Coffeehouse. In the beginning, he needed caffeine..."

"So, he looks down and his eyes past over her ample cleavage. Her green Coffeehouse shirt fits tight and snug. Its V-neck is cut low and accents her large chest."

Copyright © 2016 by Henry C. Roberts. All Rights Reserved.



Copyrights:

This story is written, authored, and copyright owned by, Author, Penname Henry Roberts. This is a complete work of fiction.

Except what is permitted by the US Copyright Act of 1976, No part of this story or art can be written, reproduced, copied, or stored in a sharing database, or shared without prior written consent of the author.

This story is a work of fiction: names, character, places, location, and ideas are products of the author's imagination. If anything resembles anything actual, it is by coincidence and solely used fictitiously. All characters are fictional and over 18 years of age.

Disclaimer:

This story is for adult only. If you are underage, exit now. Make sure to store this book where minors cannot access it. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story portrays scenes of intercourse, voyeur, hand and Fellatio.

Thank you for reading and leaving a review on Literotica.



Zack Bernstein is a nerd. If you look up 'Geek' in the dictionary, you will find his picture. As a nerd/geek, Zack is smart. His brain landed him in Alpha Rho Chi, the Engineering Fraternity at Jock University (JU). The sole member of Alpha Rho Chi. The privacy and quiet are peaceful. So, he is able to devote his time to studying. Zack has found he isn't social, so his private fraternity accommodates his behavior.

Jock University (JU) is an all-boy college. The college aims to have the brightest in academics and the rising athletic stars. Zack has the height to be an athlete, but his body mass of 180 pounds, soaking wet, and his lack of ability keeps him from succeeding in athletics. He does succeed in academics.

Winning the Sato Engineering award at twelve for his achievements in soil erosion conservation was the start to his accredited academics. When he won the Thomas Edison award as a senior in high school for his achievements in Mechanical Engineering, he received a full scholarship to the college of his choice. He chose 'Jock University' (JU) for its rising Mechanical Engineering department. The department has been purchasing the latest equipment from the vast funds of the University's athletic departments.

The athletic department has been growing and recruiting wonderfully over the past ten years. The University has gain commitments from most of the rising stars. The University does not owe its rise to athletic fame from the hard work of the recruiting staff. NO. Most of the top recruits have signed to the University due to the rumor and recent publicity of the University across town, Hooter State University (HSU).

HSU is an all-girls college. It caters to well-endowed women to give them a private safe place to learn and be educated. The University does not advertise. Its roster is made up of students that have heard of the college by word of mouth. Usually, the students come from the family of past aluminizes.

However, ten years ago, a fire in cafeteria gave the University local coverage. The news piece was posted to the news channel's website, and after only two days, the knowledge of HSU went viral, especially its students. It helped that is was Beach Week at the University, so when the film crew noticed the campus was covered with voluptuous young college girls in bikinis, they knew their news report would be viral.

Now, Zack's fraternity was founded by three members twenty years ago. The founding fathers could not find a frat house near the JU campus that the fraternity could afford. This issue lead the Engineering Fraternity of Alpha Rho Chi to start its existence across town from 'Jock University' and which happens to be right next door to HSU. At this time, HSU was known to exist, but nothing was known about it.

Alpha Rho Chi ran strong for five years. However, the members of the fraternity never grew over the three originals. So, once the founding fathers graduated, the fraternity closed. The furniture was covered, and the doors were locked.

After being accepted to 'Jock University' (JU), Zack applied to Sigma Phi Delta. It was the only Engineering Fraternity listed at JU and the starting home to many new legends in the engineering field. When he received his college acceptance letter stating he was assigned to an Engineering Fraternity, he assumed he was accepted by Sigma Phi Delta. He learned never to assume. His application was incorrectly processed, and he was assigned to Alpha Rho Chi.

The sole member of Alpha Rho Chi fought with campus politics to have the fraternity closed for the first two years of his college career. However, when he wasn't fighting with the Fraternity Placement Board and studying, he spent time cleaning his dirt filled frat house. Now, as he starts his third year enrolled at JU and the sole member of Alpha Rho Chi, he has given up the fight. The house has grown on him, and he has learned to accept it. Plus, the quiet is peaceful.

Zack has to take two buses just to get to his classes in the morning, and three to get home. He has learned which store he likes using and which ones to avoid. Once he cleaned out the kitchen, study, and a bedroom, the place started to feel comfortable. Also, being the sole member, he makes all the decisions.

It may be the years of living on his own or his personality, but Zack is not a social person. He avoids crowds and does not attend the school's sporting event. There is one place Zack likes, Coffeehouse. The Coffeehouse is just down the road from his frat house, and it's on the edge of HSU's campus. It is usually slow in the afternoons and peaceful. After he first entered the store, there has been only one reason to return.

For most guys, living close to HSU would have one major perk. It's close to HSU. Even the students at HSU are encouraged to find employment. Not many college students are on full scholarships like Zack. So, if a student needs extra money, she/he needs to find a job.

MaryLynn Bishop is a student at HSU and works at the Coffeehouse. MaryLynn is why Zack goes to the Coffeehouse. In the beginning, he needed caffeine for a couple all-night study-a-thon. The Coffeehouse was the closest source he knew, so even thou he hates the taste of coffee, he went for the caffeine. After the second visit and first seeing MaryLynn, he went for her. After the tenth visit, Zack found one drink he could stand, a Caramel Macchiato. Lately, Zack goes daily to the Coffeehouse.

After study all day, Zack heads over to get his new "favorite" coffee. MaryLynn's shift should have started an hour ago. He believes he knows her schedule, but variations have happened.

Walking to the counter, he sees her. He struggles to keep his eyes on her eyes. Her large smile brightens and warms him, but it also makes him nervous. So, he looks down and his eyes past over her ample cleavage. Her green Coffeehouse shirt fits tight and snug. Its V-neck is cut low and accents her large chest. The shirt displays her magnificent bosom. Later, he learns she wears a 36GG bra.

"Hey, Zack! How are you, today?" said MaryLynn in a charming tone.

"I.... I am good. How are you?"

Standing straight, she is almost his height. At just an inch under him, her long 5'9" frame is the perfect hour-glass shape. The counter hides her wide hips and curvy round rear, but his mind fills in the missing pieces from memory. He knows her figure by heart. He has studied every inch of her including her long dark hair, smooth skin, and soul stealing light blue eyes. His ability to speak is taken by a single word from her mouth. If she was a succubus, he would have been eaten a long time ago.

"Great! The usual, Zack?" she asks as she steps to the milk steamer.

"Yes, please. I ... have a lot of studying."

"Sure! One Carmel Macchiato coming up. What are you studying?"

Zack's eyes follow her as she starts to make his drink. He only had one girlfriend in high school and never figured out how to really talk to the opposite sex. He replies quietly and moves his eyes from her hips, so he isn't caught staring, "Advanced Differential Equations."

"What?" she said loudly over the milk steamer.

"Advanced! Differential! Equations!"

"Zack, I can't hear. This dumb machine is too loud. One second," MaryLynn said finishing his drink.

"MATH!" Zack yelled as she turns the machine off.

The restaurant turns and stares for only a few seconds, but to Zack, it seems like an eternity. He moves closer to the counter trying to hide under it. He looks up as MaryLynn returns to the counter with his drink.

"Man, I suck at math. Hey, can you tutor me? I bet you are good at Algebra. Right?"

With a spark of confidence for a chance to discuss arithmetic, Zack perks up and says, "Yes, absolutely. I am excellent at Algebra. I won my high school Math Team the State Championship answering a Linear Algebraic equitation."

MaryLynn smiles politely as she doesn't understand most of what he says. "Great, it's settled. You will be my tutor. Let's say, 'Tuesdays and Thursdays at the library next to HSU around 4 o'clock.' Will that work?"

"Yes, Defiantly. I will see you there," Zack said as he looks at his calculator watch and notices it's Wednesday. "So, tomorrow will be our first meeting?"

"Yeah, is that too soon? I have a test Friday," she asked with an almost pout to her tone.

The Zombie apocalypse will not stand between him and helping MaryLynn. He replies almost too eager, "No. No. It's great. I can make it. I will see you tomorrow at four ..... Ouch! What the fuc..."

Zack turns just as Rex passes by after drilling his shoulder with a hard elbow. Seeing it's the mammoth asshole football star of Jock University, Zack stops before he finishing his 'What the fuck' comment. Zack's hand goes to his shoulder, and he grabs the spot where Rex's steel elbow rammed into him. He frowns as he sees Rex lean over the counter to kiss MaryLynn. The asshole is her boyfriend.

Rex 'The Hammer' Woods is the senior JU star Linebacker. He is an all-American and is expected to go in the first round of the NFL Draft. Also, he is a bully and an asshole. At 6'5" 265 lbs., he is a monster on the field. His size and strength make him an awesome football star and a nightmare bully.

Zack volunteered once to tutor his fellow student. It was his freshman year, and he thought this would help him make friends. He met Rex. Zack was Rex's tutor for one terrible year. He was going to quit tutoring. Except, if he was the cause of the star athlete losing his academic eligibility, Zack would be mobbed by the campus. SO, he stuck it out.

Now, every time they cross paths, Rex goes out of his way to hit him or make some nerd comment. To add insult to injury, somehow, Rex started dating MaryLynn a year ago.

"You tryin to steal my girl NERD!" Rex said after pulling away from her.

"Be nice, Rex. Zack is going to help me. Just like he helped you. He's going to tutor me."

"I bet. I bet he wants to do more than just tutor you. You tryin to get with my girl, geek? This your Master Plan?"

Zack drops his hand from his sore shoulder, and with some confidence says, "No, Rex. I am just helping. She asked me to, so I agreed. I'm just trying to help. You don't have anything to worry about. Right?"

"Damn right I don't. Not from you scrawny little man."

"RRRRexxx," MaryLynn said in a drawn out tone which implied for Rex to leave him alone.

Rex waves his hand in the air and says, "Scram dork. You can go, now."

Zack takes his Caramel Macchiato off the counter and heads out the door. He is proud of himself for standing up to Rex, a little. However, the ear to ear smile forming on his face has nothing to do with Rex. Zack's mind is completely on MaryLynn. He is overjoyed with the thought of two days a week; he is going to meet with MaryLynn one-on-one. With a bounce in his step, he climbs the steps of his frat house.

Full of energy, Zack spends the rest on the day cleaning his frat house. From the laundry to the bathroom, the active rooms in the frat house are made spotless. There is a den on the main floor and three bedrooms upstairs that are not active. The active rooms include a full bathroom, kitchen, library, and a bedroom.

There is an attic. The attic spans the entire length of the top floor. With all the added energy, Zack decides to explore the attic.

As he ascends the enclosed staircase to the attic, his face is assaulted by multiple cobwebs. The staircase has dust spots from where a couple old photos once hung. As he opens the old faded gray door, a loud creaking sound fills the staircase. The attic is dark, smells moldy, and full of dust. From the single light in the stairway, he is able to make out a light switch directly to the right on the wall in the attic. Zack turns on the light switch.

He steps into the attic from the staircase landing. The attic is lit from two spaced light bulbs hanging from the ceiling of the attic. The light bulbs are equally spaced to cover the length of the room. As he walks down the middle, Zack sees a few boxes. To the left, an old chemistry set on a table with a few beakers and an inactive Bunsen burner. Further into the room, he sees a covered mirror on the right. He is just able to make out a small piece of the large full-length mirror with a gold frame around the mirror. Next to the mirror is a clothing rack with a few shirts and a pair of pants hung-up.

In the back of the attic, he makes out the faint outline of something. As he gets closer, it appears to be a door in the middle of the attic. When he steps under the last light bulb, Zack is able to make it out, a door. However, the door appears to be standing freely and looks perfect. It seems to be held up by nothing. Zack thinks, 'Something has to be holding it.'

Zack stands in front of the door. It seems to be flush with the ground. Except for being in the middle of the room, the door appears to be completely normal. It has a door knob and even hinges. Hinges not connected to anything. It's a white perfectly normal door. He says out loud, "Every room has a door. Maybe it's a spare."

He raises his hand up. As he slides it through the air above the door, he feels no wires holding the door in place. He moves to the right side of the door as his hand glides through the empty space above the door. He continues around to the back of the door.

Feeling no wires stopping his hand or body, he continues to circle the door. The back of the door looks completely normal. He makes his way to the opposite right side of the door and turns the corner. He has made a complete circle around the door and felt nothing.

"What the fuck."

This door defies every law of Newton's. He pushes the door. It doesn't move, solid. He thinks, 'It must be in some groove on the floor', so he bends to inspect the bottom of the door. The door sits just above the ground. It's almost hovering like a normal door would, if attached to a frame.

There are no grooves holding it in place. When he stands, he looks down again and sees a piece of paper has appeared under the door. It sticks out half way from under the door. He reaches down, and with his thumb and index finger on his right hand, he grasps the paper. As he pulls the paper out and starts to lift it, he expects something on the other side to grab the paper and pull it back.

"Pussy, this isn't a horror movie," he said to himself.

He pulls the paper out. After standing up straight, he reads the paper. The paper is torn in a crescent moon shape on the lower left side on the page. It's a list. It has number 1 -- 4 down the left side. The typing is large, so the writing takes up most of the page.

