 The Domu: Apocalypse Meow

In which the psycho-sexual neurotoxin blessed feline Domu continue their attempted breeding-conquest of the planet Earth, although the pesky little humans aren't like anything they've ever mated with before... much to their sexual delight... and downfall.

Author's note: This is part two of "The Domu: Take me to your Breeder", which is best read prior to this, although I hope to have gently scoped enough for a new reader to dive right in.

Chapter One

Spiritual oblivion wasn't working out too well for Police officer Joseph Hanrahan, much to his disgust. It took a while, but eventually his thoughts returned to some sense of coherence. He was disembodied, in some kind of limbo state and was becoming more than a little frightened. This certainly wasn't the full nirvana package that he'd surrendered his life for and frankly, he wanted his body back.

Just my luck, he thought to himself, which was the first sentence he'd managed to construct in some time. His thoughts were more feelings than anything else and he was finding that difficult to adapt to. Intuitively, he knew that it probably had a lot to do with being bodiless and therefore being quite brainless.

So this is mindlessness then, eh? He smiled to himself as this new way of thinking became easier for him. He had never been one for feeling a great deal and his job had compounded that weakness within him. However, since his mind boggling sexual experience with Seebu, the lid had been thoroughly blown off that can of suppressed childhood misadventure. But even with these realisations bubbling up to his consciousness, all he really wanted was a nice fresh and juicy doughnut... yet as quickly as the compulsion came, so did the realisation that he was no longer driven by his senses and didn't need the doughnut at all.

God darn it! He thought, No flesh, no mind and now no doughnuts! I'm going to arrest someone just for the hell of it!

He became steadily aware of a growing presence around him, but it was fuzzy and elusive. He began to feel frightened again; after all how could he defend himself without a body or any form of weapon? Panic began to set in and reactively he 'covered' his perceptions, like an ostrich sticking its head in the sand...

Then some time... passed... without... moving...

Chapter Two

Seebu's long, lithe and furry golden body lay curled and entwined with her relatively tiny human game, whilst cocooned inside her cot. She was drifting in and out of consciousness, surfing on a mental and physical wave of bliss, lust and surrender. A ridged human cock slowly thrust in and out of her mouth, easing up and down her roughened tongue and wetting her ripe-to-bursting cherry lips. Meanwhile her prey had his head buried deep within her crotch fur, slobbering, sucking and pressing her genitalia, in a sex-crazed cheek-slapping frenzy that seemed destined to result in his head slipping between her engorged vaginal lips and disappearing deep inside of her forever. Seebu sensed his mental need and the thrill-rush of this new, decadent excitement overpowered any concept of right and wrong. She began slackening her powerful vaginal muscles, almost plopping him in to her, eased by the rich amber fluid of her lubricating ejaculate. She gagged on his puffed-hard penis as his other and somewhat larger head half entered her clutching wet cunt. She felt her muscles almost ripping apart but instead of feeling pain all she knew was bliss. Her abdomen shuddered and convulsed in a bizarre sequence of reverse contractions. Her male toy wanted to be inside of her; to be swallowed up, devoured, consumed, entombed, integrated and sanctified. He longed for the bliss of his impending eternal oblivion, the supreme rapture that only his beloved Seebu could give him.

With Seebu's mind long lost to the uncontrollable pleasure of Domu-Human chemistry, the thought of engulfing her prey's head inside of her seemed perfectly natural. With one final thrust and with an ear piercing wail, Seebu pushed her vagina over the widest point of his head whilst thrashing her arms about in ecstatic bliss. Her tail began pushing against his anus, pressing itself inside and rubbing against his prostate, forcing his cock to release more elixir deeper and deeper into her long, tight throat. Her eyes rolled upwards as the human semen reacted within her, forcing her into yet another rolling crescendo of orgasmic overload. Then somewhere along that rich, twisting and heart burningly-honied orgasm, she felt a shock-burst of electricity, almost like lightning coursing through her body, stretching all of her hair to attention. As she slipped out of consciousness, she vaguely thought, oh no, not again!

Chapter Three

Sabah sat in her command couch whilst lesser Domu worked around her, micromanaging the fleet. Random footage of the hunt splashed across the viewing wall and things were not going at all well. She estimated that three quarters of the landing teams were now operationally dysfunctional and at least half of them were refusing to accept withdrawal orders. The remainder insisted on filling their ships with humans before leaving, but the problem Sabah had witnessed time and again was the compulsion to indulge prior to departure...

She refused to call the invasion a catastrophe. There had been no breeder losses and there was every reason to believe that the now incapacitated Domu landing force could be recovered at a later date. The humans certainly weren't in the mood to fight as she'd never seen such a rapid collapse of resistence before. There had even been some successes, she thought, albeit entirely with the human female population. Only a few of the breeders preferred the company of women and they had certainly enjoyed their slave humans. Sabah herself wasn't inclined, but having seen the naked form of the comelier human female stock, she had warmly wondered if it would be more pragmatic to rut with the women and command the male Domu to milk the men for artificial insemination further down the line.

It all seemed just so complicated as she fuzzily replayed golden memories of conquests past. Eventually she snapped out of her reverie and focused on matters at hand.

She hadn't felt her daughter's mental touch in quite a while and so she reached out to her.

Seebu... Seebu? Daughter-child, are you in your right senses?

She felt nothing... and then... something. Something... alien, but coming from Seebu. She probed Seebu's mind in a more forceful way and felt her daughter's state of unconsciousness, yet still picked up on the rollercoaster of rapture coursing through her body. She allowed herself a moment of indulgence and synchronised with Seebu's experience from mind-to-mind and from body-to-body. Immediately she felt the strong urge to squirt her sticky rich nectar whilst her nipples stiffened into long hot bullets of desire. She gasped involuntarily as she felt her sex widening to accommodate... a head?

Her natural reaction was to disengage but without warning that strange alien presence she'd sensed from earlier pushed against her senses. Within her mind's eye, it manifested ahead as a strangely beautiful ball of silvery light and began communicating something unintelligible. Then without warning it collided with her, forcing an electrifying ripple up and down her spine, sizzling her hot nipples and sending her in to an intense bliss-filled rapture and finally rendering her unconscious.

Somewhere in the ether, Joe's consciousness groaned, oh no, not again!

Chapter Four

Joe woke up with a start and instinctively opened his senses. Something was amiss. The surrounding presence was gone, but something else was coming at him and it was moving very fast.

This time, he had visuals. There was a Domu here with him, yet she couldn't see him. She was searching for something before she stopped and began to shudder. As he watched her, he felt himself involuntarily drawn towards her, like the attraction of magnets. This was the first time he'd managed to move, and here he was heading towards a Domu.

"This isn't good!" he was able to project, voice like, from himself.

And then he smashed into the Domu and lost all track of time again...

...and time passed away... very... slowly...

Chapter Five

Seebu glid into wakefulness, becoming aware of the yummy human cock in her mouth, which felt different somehow to before. Then she became shamefully aware of the head buried deep within her. In a form of mental self-defence, she began to laugh to herself. After a while she calmed down and began to introspect. Is this what we become, when Domu hunt Men? Is this what we are, when the control is stripped away?

The realisation that the human was dead disgusted her to her core, which was a new and frightening feeling. In all of her conquests and in all the hunts that she had joined, never before had she cared about the death of her captives during sex. But then, she thought, never before had I been so driven to willfully take the life of my prey!

Suddenly a voice rising up in her mind spoke to her. It was a little disjointed at first but quickly came into focus. "Seebu, I forgive you for what you did to me. It's okay, I wanted it too."

Seebu's eyes almost popped out of her head and her fur stood on end, but this time not from pleasure. She hissed the penis out of her mouth and in the back of her mind, she knew she had some serious vaginal disgorgement to perform if she was to be able to protect herself.

She flicked her head around, looking for the intruder but the sleeping bay was empty. With a deep breath and with an even deeper mental focus, she relaxed her vaginal muscles and began to "birth" her first human. It was hard work and tears of pain and exhaustion streamed down her perfectly chiselled cheeks. After some time, she was able to release the deceased from his earlier resting place. As she pushed the lifeless body away from her, she caught a facial glimpse. Well, she thought, with a smile like that I guess he didn't suffer too much.

"Suffer? No Seebu, there was no suffering, just the rapture of you and I... and I'm Jack Flynn by the way, very pleased to formally meet you."

Seebu gasped with dawning realisation; Jack Flynn really was inside of her -- body or not!

She relaxed and mentally engaged him. "Jack? What is going on? I have never known such things before. Why are humans so different?"

Jack paused for a moment and then responded, "Seebu, I don't know anything for certain, but I suspect it's because we have spirit souls, which is the only thing that I can think of right now. I used to meditate a lot and the experience that I'm having right now... is quite familiar, just a lot more intense. I can "see" your soul too, Seebu, but it's strangely small and dim, as if you've been hurt maybe? You do know about souls, don't you?"

Seebu's world had been rocked to its core. Jack was speaking of ancient things, long discarded as meaningless stories. Of a time when the Domu were at the peak of their civilisation, before the breakdown of mating between the sexes. Of a time when the Domu loved, played and were at peace with the universe. Of a time when the Domu worshipped Mater, the ancient Cat-Goddess of their race, a role long since replaced by themselves.

Jack was able to pick up on much of Seebu's thoughts and feelings and felt increasingly connected to her. Even though he was no longer enthralled by her delicious muskiness and lithe, sensuous form, he was experiencing a real and deepening sense of love for her. This thrilled him as if he were a teenager blundering into love for the first time. He could sense her soul bared right before him and even though she was weak and covered in a shroud of darkness, she was intrinsically good. Not only that, her soul reacted to him, warmed to him and very gently shone for him.

"We thought our souls long gone, Jack. In fact, we thought them a myth. In all of our travels, we have never met a race like yours; a race with souls. I can feel your being warming mine, Jack. Are you... are you healing me?" she asked softly with child-like wonderment.

"Seebu, I... I don't know how to say this because we've only just err, met, but... all I feel is love for you. I feel there is something profound happening here. I want to be with you. I mean, I want to be with you, not through compulsion or anything."

Seebu wept and mewed softly for a while. Then she replied, "Yes Jack, please, yes. I didn't know of such feelings before now, everything was so... "flat" for me, yet I didn't know any different. I'm beginning to see how... shallow... my life has been... Jack? Will you stay with me for the next hundred thousand years? And then forevermore? Will you? Will you, for me?" She spoke like a child pleading for love. Gone now was the imperiousness that defined the Domu, it had just melted away in a mere moment of passing awakening.

Jack instinctively melded his soul with Seebu's. It was a strangely geometric experience, for want of any other way to describe it. Jack felt his consciousness merge with Seebu in a more cohesive way than earlier and as he did so, he realised that Seebu was now a part of him and not the other way around. Without really understanding what he did, Seebu had been absorbed into his bigger, stronger and brighter soul. He steadily became more and more aware of his "new" body as he was pulled away from limbo.

Panic and loss overtook him like a thunderclap as he feared Seebu was lost to him. But then he felt a warmth wash over and through followed by a sweetly musical voice whispering how much she loved him, and that it was okay and it was what she had wanted, too.

He relaxed and smiled inwardly, then blew a kiss, which was quickly returned with a chuckle. He/she knew that in time, their thoughts would be as one and neither Jack nor Seebu would really exist anymore. Instead, they would be JackSeebu, a new entity with a whole new attitude. Seebu experienced a thrill as she felt herself drifting into Jack. Funny, she thought, after all of this domination, all I ever really wanted was to surrender.

Chapter Six

Tris held the captive and beautifully curvacious naked human woman at arms length, leaving her dangling several feet above the floor mat in his personal chambers. Her big almond eyes just stared ahead, her whole being entranced and enthralled by Tris' overpowering pheromones. Even though Tris was a Domu male and didn't go into heat like his sisters, he still had his wiles. He was unusual in that he joined the hunt purely for sexual pleasure and not in the more contemporary role of a soldier. That said, not many males had pheromones like Tris and as such he was one of only a handful of males that consorted with his sisters from time to time.

He looked hungrily at the plump form of his human. These humans, he thought, are exquisitely shaped. The dusk-tanned woman in front of him had large, full breasts sporting thumb-sized nipples that oozed a slow but steady stream of breast milk. Her belly was a little flabby but her curves were all in the right places, with her wide and proven child-bearing hips drawing his gaze to her shaven, pouting and fully engorged vagina. He adored the smell oozing from between her legs. It was very different to the scent of his own kind and had something new, something compelling about it. He felt his head roll slightly as he breathed her in and lost track of himself. Quickly, he asserted himself back into focus. His cock had stiffened a long time back and he urgently needed release, which was a surprise to him. Locking his gaze into the near-vacant eyes of his prey, he reached into her mind and communed with her.

"You will serve me as your beloved master. I am your world and you exist only for me. You are now my breeding slave. There is nothing else for you to think about... Now, you will service me and honour my divine seed in your mouth. But first you will wait until you are properly attired."

Tris gently lowered his arms, setting the girl onto the floor whereupon he reached over to a side table and retrieved a thick, heavy and inscribed leather collar. Deftly he hooked it around her slender neck and the ends of the collar merged into one another. It was a snug fit, a perfect fit. Tris spoke out loud for the first time, "This is your slave collar. You are in my service until I tire of you, or you expire. You have been honoured by me and so you will honour me in return. Clearly you are fertile and so after I impregnate you, you will be the mother to my litter. My offspring will be Domu and not prey; this is our way and as it has always been. Should you survive their birth, you will become their slave-mater and will serve them with your life as you will with me."

With that, Tris whipped his tail around and pushed it against her butt checks, pressing her forwards. He smiled and looked down at his aching, waiting cock and immediately and reverently his new slave lowered to her knees and cradled his manhood in her diminutive hands.

Relative to the girl, Tris was enormous. His cock was incredibly thick; the thickness of a balled fist, but for all of his height, his penis wasn't as long as perhaps expected, being a mere eight inches in length, but his sack was huge and apparently stuffed with well used tennis balls. The girl -- Sonia, was her name -- breathed in Tris' pungence and almost lost consciousness from the intensity of it all. She held his penis in her hands and lightly kissed the glans whilst raising her eyes upwards to show her beloved master her sincerest adoration and acceptance of his total dominion over her life. The eye of his thick cock was almost wide enough to take her little finger and she shuddered in tingling anticipation of being nailed by hard torrents of his holy cum.

Sonia felt deeply at peace with herself for the first time in her short life even though her body thrummed with sexual heat and raged with passion. It was only Tris' explicit command to service his cock with her mouth that stopped her from jackhammering her inflamed cunt onto his worshipful and divine cock, sucking up his seed like some intergalactic sex-crazed hoover. The intense thrill-urge to be heavy with his litter was overwhelming and just focusing on it for a moment was enough to release fluids down her long, strong and golden legs. Immediately she thrust her mouth over Tris' divine penis, which more than filled her mouth-to-gagging. Yet even though she felt the reflex, something about his cock calmed her and so it slid effortlessly into the top of her throat, without her retching. She withdrew her mouth slightly so she could probe his cock with her hungry tongue. She thrust it into the tiny cavern at the end of his magnificent member and wriggled it around, almost reverse-fucking him. Sonia delighted at the groaning and mewling noises her dear master was making, which intensified when she grapled and tugged each of his balls with her tiny hands.

Then it hit her. His precum reacted with the lining of her mouth, cooly igniting her skin and palette with a firework display of sensuous nerve end explosions. Explosions that crashed through her mind, her breasts, stomach and wet sex. An incredible feeling of euphoria enveloped her entire being before tears of joy and profound and deep love fell from her beautiful eyes, coursed down her cheeks and scattered upon the floor.

She was riding the greatest feeling of her life and yet she knew it was merely the beginning of all that was yet to come, (but more pressingly) yet to cum. Tris's tail found her labia and began to tickle her oh-so-softly. She gasped slightly, without losing suction on his regal penis. She felt a deep glowing warmth radiating out from her abdomen, which twisted into a sweet electric pleasure and began to tug upon her yearning heart. His velvety-soft tail brushed up and down her clitoris, sensitising her and laying the foundations for a string epic orgasms, somewhere in her near future. Meanwhile, she began to wantonly thrust her head up and down his wonderful shaft, daring him to lose control and cum into her adoring mouth. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head every time she liberated another drop his delicious, life-giving precum and her pussy celebrated by sprinkling beads of honey over Tris' loving tail.
