 I got back to my car and sat in it for a few moments, collecting my thoughts.

'That was amazing!' I thought to myself, 'I must do that again!'

I looked at the clock, I had spend a day and a night as Percy yet only a couple of hours had passed, it was hard to comprehend what had happened. After a minute or so I started my car and continued on my way.

I am a middle-aged single man who deals in stamps. I was on my way to make a purchase for a wealthy client when I stopped that fateful morning and as a conscientious fellow I put thoughts of going back to the oak to the back of my mind and carried on.

It was when I was travelling home and as I drove through the forest that the desire to visit the oak re-emerged in me. I stopped my car a little way further from the road where it could not be seen and got out. I walked the short distance to the oak, my heart pounding in my chest, my balls tingling at the prospect of seeing Estella again.

"Here goes," I said aloud as I squeezed into the hole in the trunk.

I stood inside the tree, turned around, took a deep breath and squeezed back out again.

"Norgo!" I heard a deep voice grunt, "this way."

I looked to my right and a few yards away stood a creature that made me shiver in fear. It stood not much short of seven feet tall, with a build that made it look like an NFL forward in full kit, even it's bulbous head looked like a helmet.

"Norgo!" It shouted, "come on."

I guessed it was shouting at me so I moved towards it. I looked down to see that I was not wearing my shoes, nor Percy's leather boots, in fact my feet were bare. I say feet, but they were not human feet. I had large bottle green feet with curling toes and long dirty nails. I looked at my hands which were the same colour with thick leathery fingers and again those long dirty nails.

'What the fuck am I?' I thought, 'and how does this creature know me?'

I grunted to the other beast and went towards it. I saw clearly that it had large canine teeth sticking out of it's mouth, both upper and lower sets. It had black eyes, thin straggly hair parted in the middle that reached it's big cauliflower ears, thick lips and a flat nose that had probably been broken in the past.

I followed the creature through the forest and we came to a village where I could see humans going about their business.

"Oh fuck!" I heard one man exclaim, "orcs. There's always trouble when orcs come into town."

'So I'm an orc,' I thought to myself, 'and my name is Norgo.'

We came to the door of a ramshackle looking wooden building with a thatched roof and a crooked chimney, my companion pushed the door open and went inside, I followed.

"We're not open yet," I heard a soft voice call as we walked in.

We were in a tavern, there was a bar at one end, several long tables with benches at the sides and some small tables with stools by them in the corners. The hearth was to the side of the bar and a fire had been started to warm the room up.

"Ale!" Shouted the orc I was with.

A young woman popped up from behind the bar, she was a beautiful young blonde of no more than nineteen. She had lips of the palest mauve and piercing eyes of the same colour.

"I said we are not open yet," the young woman replied to the request for ale.

"Orgun want ale, then he want fuck elf-girl," my companion told her, "Orgun have silver coin for elf-girl, Orgun friend Norgo have silver coin for elf-girl."

'So he's called Orgun,' I thought to myself, ' and, it seems, this is some sort of whore-house.'

"And what if the elf-girl doesn't want to be fucked by a pair of big smelly orcs?" The blonde replied.

Orgun produced a small leather pouch, opened it, upended it and several small silver coins fell onto the bar.

"Ellie!" Shouted the blonde, as she looked at the money greedily, "put some of Marlock's jelly on yourself, you have some gentlemen callers!"

She poured ale into two tankards, pushed them across the bar to us and pointed to one of the tables.

"My sister will be with you in a moment," she told us and disappeared below the bar to carry on whatever it was she had been doing.

My heart skipped a beat when Ellie walked into the room, she was the other girl's identical twin, same long blonde hair, same mauve lips and eyes. She was wearing a long grey close fitting cloth robe tied at the waist with a woven belt, showing off the outline of her slender hips and bust to perfection.

"You're not kissing me," she said to us, "I don't want a smelly orc tongue in my mouth."

Orgun put his tankard on the table and stood up. He unlaced his breeches and pulled them down to his knees. I winced when I saw his big stiff cock standing out from his hairy groin, all green and knobbly with pale green slimy liquid dripping out of the hole in it's end.

'That's never going to fit in her,' I thought, 'the poor girl will be torn apart.'

"Get on table," Orgun ordered the elf-girl, "on back."

"Impatient, aren't we?" She said as she stood with her back to the table and fell backwards onto it.

Orgun untied her belt with his big gnarly hands and pulled her robe open. All she had on underneath was a pair of skimpy satin panties, the same grey colour as her robe. I grunted my approval when I saw her lovely smooth pale tummy, and my mouth began to water when I took in the sight of her lovely firm round breasts.

'Mauve nipples,' I thought to myself, 'that's something you don't see everyday.'

Orgun took hold of her panties and ripped them from her, revealing the most delicious soft blonde bush I had ever seen. I could feel my cock hardening in my breeches and my balls begin to ache with desire. Ellie opened her legs and Orgun took hold of her ankles and held her legs up in the air.

"Oooh!" Ellie exclaimed as Orgun shoved his big green cock inside her in one movement.

"Uh," grunted the orc, "elf-girl cunt nice and tight."

I stood and watched as Orgun began to slide his organ in and out of the beauty lying on the table, her legs spread as wide as they could go, his big leathery balls slapping against her cute little buttocks.

I pulled my cock out of my breeches. It wasn't quite as big as Orgun's meaty monster but it was still pretty damn large. The shaft was bottle green in colour and when I pulled back the foreskin the glans was a paler shade of green. Pale green slime was emanating from the hole in the tip and my big hairy balls were aching like fury.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," said Ellie as she received Orgun's cock repeatedly in her pussy.

"Orgun love fucking elf-girl," he grunted in reply, "hope Norgo like sloppy seconds."

Ellie put out her right hand and tried to take hold of my cock, her fine slender fingers could not encircle the shaft entirely but she spread the slimy pre cum all over my glans and began to rub it vigorously with her palm.

"Oh, oh, oh, OOOHHH!!" I cried as I started to ejaculate.

Ropes of thick green spunk shot out of my cock and landed on Ellie, the first few squirts covering her tits and the following ones her tummy. 

"Uh!" Cried Orgun, and then he stopped thrusting.

"Oh fuck that's a lot," said Ellie as he began to fill her insides with his green slime, "that is a hell of a lot."

"Uh, uh, uh," he grunted as he kept ejaculating.

"Mmmmm," I moaned as I continued to empty my big leathery balls all over the beautiful body of the elf-girl.

Eventually both Orgun and I stopped coming in or on the elf, our balls empty, our cocks softening. Orgun pulled out and moved back, letting go of Ellie's ankles so her legs fell and dangled off the end of the table. I stayed where I was, my cock drooping onto the table, the last vestiges of orc-spunk dribbling out of it.

"You've covered me in your mess, you dirty, smelly bastard," Ellie said to me, " you've even managed to get it in my hair."

"Elf-girl make Norgo excited," I replied, "Norgo not help coming on elf-girl."

"Norgo turn elf-girl green," laughed Orgun, "elf-girl look like pixie now."

Ellie got off the table and stood up, my spunk started to run down her body and onto her thighs. Orgun's spunk ran out of her cunt in a stream and formed a green puddle on the tavern floor.

"I am going to go and clean this muck off my body and out of my body," she told us as she waddled across the room towards the door from which she had entered earlier, "Emma," she called out, "come and mop up this mess."

Orgun and I repacked our cocks and balls inside our breeches, downed our ale and left the tavern.

I followed Orgun out of the village and into the forest. We came across an old barn and went in for a nap. It was while he was sleeping that I sneaked out back to the oak and returned to normality.

I had wanted to become Percy again, but being an orc and covering a pretty young woman in my mess had been fun too.