 I stood outside the house and rang the bell, I had been engaged to value a private collection. The door was opened by a woman in her late fifties or early sixties, she smiled when she saw me.

"Mr. Dixon?" She asked.

"Yes," I replied.

"I'm Rosalind Steward, but my friends call me Roz. Please do come in."

I walked past her and into the hallway of her nicely furnished suburban house. I stole a look at her, she was dressed in a blouse and close-fitting trousers. She had put some make-up on, probably wanting to make a good impression on any visitors.

"This way Mr. Dixon," she said, showing me the way to the lounge.

"Please call me Jim," I told her as I entered the room.

"Well Jim, here are the albums my late husband left. I would like them valued and sold. I will leave you to look them over, would you like a coffee or anything?"

"A coffee would be nice, thanks. White, one sugar."

She brought me my coffee and left me to my work.

I spent an hour pouring over the collection, it was quite valuable, I would have liked to have owned it myself. I stood up to stretch my legs and looked around the room. I perused the books in the set of shelves to one side of the room.

"Well, what do you think?" Roz asked as she came back in.

"I think you have a valuable asset in these stamps," I told her, "I can sell them for you if you want."

"I was talking about my books, you seem interested in them too."

"Sorry, I was being nosey, wasn't I?"

"I don't mind," she smiled, "my friends think I take this fantasy stuff much too seriously, but I like it."

"There is more to it than meets the eye."

"Do you think so, really? It is nice to meet a kindred spirit. I would love to be a queen in a faraway place with knights doing acts of bravery for me."

"I tell you what," I said, an idea forming in my head, "if I take you on a trip to a faraway land where you might just become that queen, would you let me have some of these stamps?"

"What are you saying?" Said Roz, in a suspicious voice, "you want me to go somewhere with you, having only just met you?"

"You're right," I replied, "you don't know me at all, so how about dinner tonight? My treat."

I took Roz to a restaurant in the town and we got to know each other a little. After a while I plucked up the courage to tell her a little about my recent experiences.

"Ridiculous!" She exclaimed when I told her about being transformed into an orc, "I think it is time we ate up and left."

"I guess it is a lot to take in," I said placatingly, "but if you will come with me tomorrow I will show you where it all happened."

"Very well Jim, I will go with you to this forest or wherever it is, just to humour you."

I stayed in a local hotel and the next morning I picked her up and drove across the country to the forest. I stopped in my usual spot and led her to the oak.

"Just go inside the trunk," I told her, "count to five, turn around and come back out. I will follow you."

Roz raised her eyes, tutted and walked towards the tree. She ducked a little and squeezed into the opening in the trunk. I counted to five and followed.

She was not inside when I squeezed in. I smiled, counted, turned and went back out.

The snow was on the ground, I was back in that place. I looked down to see I was wearing small red leather boots. I looked up to see a beautiful young blonde woman dressed in a long fur coat staring about herself in wonderment.

"Roz?" I asked.

"Oh fuck!" Came the reply.

"What is it?"

"Jim, is that you?"

"Yes, what do I look like?"

"You are about three foot six and are completely red!"

"What?"

"What about me, have I changed?"

"You are about twenty and are a tall blonde beauty."

"Really?" She smiled as she asked.

"Fear not, Esme!" Came a shout from a few yards away, "I will run the little dastard through!"

I looked up to see Josiah running towards me, his sword drawn. I turned and ran away as fast as my little scrawny legs would carry me.

After a few minutes of scarpering I came upon a small cottage. I went up to the window and peeked in, it was empty. I decided to go in and take shelter from the snow which had started to fall. The cottage was cosy, with a log fire burning in the fireplace. I found a tatty old bearskin which I wrapped around myself. I crept into a corner of the room and sat on the floor.

After a few minutes the door opened. I peeped out from my bearskin hide to see Roz and Joe enter.

"It was fortunate that I found you when I did," Joe told her, "imps can be total pests."

So I was an imp this time.

"Oh, I am sure some of them are quite nice," Roz replied, "and the one I was with seemed harmless enough."

"Anyway," said Joe as he took her in his arms, "enough of imps. I have waited so long for this moment."

"Believe me," Roz replied, "I never even dreamed of this happening."

I watched as they kissed, Roz giving off little squeaks of pleasure as she took the young man's tongue in her mouth. She let her coat fall from her shoulders and land in a heap on the floor. She was wearing a long pale blue gown of the softest looking material I had ever seen. As Joe undid the belt of material that held it around her slim waist, she unlaced his breeches.

'She's into him big-time,' I thought to myself.

Joe pulled the gown off of Roz's shoulders and it slipped down. She had no bra and both he and I gasped when we took in the sight of her lovely small yet firm round breasts with their bright pink nipples, which were erect. I could feel my cock straining at my breeches.

Joe put his mouth to her left teat and began to suck on it. She had released his stiff cock from his breeches and was gently rubbing it. I freed my stiff little member and began to wank slowly.

Roz's dress completed it's journey to the floor and she stood in just a pair of silver coloured panties. My mouth watered as I looked at her lovely long slim legs and firm round buttocks.

Joe took his mouth away from her tit and stood back. He smiled at her as he stripped off his leather jacket and cotton undershirt. Roz slipped her leather walking boots off of her dainty feet and walked over to the single bed that was to one side if the room. I felt my heart skip a beat as I watched her slip her panties down as she went.

Joe pulled off his boots and pulled down his breeches. He had no underpants on and his cock stood out from his body stiff and proud. He went to the bed and climbed on top of her.

"Are you ready for me?" He asked.

"God yes!" She exclaimed in reply.

Joe lowered himself onto her and his cock into her. They both moaned with pleasure as they coupled.

"Oh Esme," Joe sighed.

"Oh yes!" Roz cried.

Joe gave her a good fucking, starting slowly and building up speed as they both became more and more aroused. Roz wrapped her long legs around his back and pulled him inside her as deeply as she could. My hand moved faster on my cock as the sight of the young couple fucking made me very excited.

"OH!" Cried Joe as he ejaculated inside Roz, or Esme as she was to him.

"OH MY! OH YES! OOOOH!!" Shouted Roz as she had what must have been a pretty strong orgasm.

'Oh fuck,' I thought to myself as I shot off a large load, coating the inside of my bearskin hiding place.

After we had all regained our composure Joe got up from the bed and began to dress. Roz looked up at him, a sad look on her face.

"Do we have to go already?" She asked.

"I do, but you wait here," he replied, "Toby will be with you in a moment."

'So the dirty young sods share her as well as the pixie at his aunt's house,' I thought to myself, 'I wonder if Percy has had her as well.'

I saw a look of realisation appear on Roz's face, she was going to be serviced by another man.

"I shall have to clean myself," she said, "where is the bathroom?"

"Toby will be filling your other hole Esme," replied Joe, "and you won't find a washroom in a tiny hovel like this."

Roz's expression turned to one of apprehension, she was obviously not used to anal sex.

I waited until Joe left and was about to reveal myself when Toby walked in.

"Hello lady Esme," he said, a wicked grin appearing on his face, "fancy some cock up your ass?"

"I don't think I do," she replied.

"Look," said Toby, producing a small glass bottle from the satchel he had slung over his shoulder, "I have some of Marlock's jelly."

I had heard that mentioned when I had encountered the elf-girls in the tavern.

Roz and I watched as Toby stripped off. From the state of his cock he was definitely ready for action, it stuck out from his hairy groin like a pole.

"On your hands and knees my lady," he said as he took the stopper from the bottle.

Reluctantly, Roz did as she was told. Toby shook some of the blue coloured goo from the bottle onto his fingers. There was a look of trepidation on Roz's face as he applied the stuff to her little puckered ring.

"Oooh!" She squeaked as he pushed two fingers up her bum-hole.

"Nice?" He asked.

"Actually," she replied, "it's quite pleasant."

"You're always the same, playing the reluctant anal virgin. Now for some cock."

With that he took his fingers out of her and replaced them with his cock. She gasped as she felt his meat fill her back passage and a smile appeared on her face as he began to slowly bugger her.

"Oh Lady Esme, I may not be as big as your husband, but you do like me up you, don't you?"

"Oh yes, this is very pleasant."

My cock began to stiffen again as I watched the handsome young man sodomise the blonde beauty. I wrapped my thin red fingers around it and began wanking again.

"Oh my lady!" Cried Toby as he picked up speed.

"Oh yes, give me it," cried Roz as she took his cock in her ass.

"OH!" He shouted.

OH!" She cried.

Toby stopped moving, a look of total concentration on his face as he experienced the pleasure of shooting a huge load into the colon of the young woman under him. Roz looked a little shocked as she experienced what could only be described as a spunk enema. I stifled a little moan as I shot another load onto the bearskin.

After a few seconds had passed, Toby pulled out of Roz's ass and she collapsed onto the bed. Toby got up and began to dress.

"Are you going so soon?" Asked Roz.

"We have to be back with something for the pot," replied Toby, "I hope Joe has caught something or we shall be in this forest all day. Rest here a while and we shall be back to escort you home after we have bagged a boar or an elk."

Toby left the cottage and Roz rolled onto her back to rest. she had a big smile on her face. She began to doze and I sneaked out of the cottage.

I crept back in and gave her a gentle shake.

"Come on Roz, it's time we were getting back," I said to her as I woke her.

"What? Argh! Christ!" She exclaimed as she looked at me in surprise.

"Come on, let's go!"

"Bloody hell, it wasn't a dream then!"

"Get dressed and let's go before they come back and kill me."

"I'm not going."

"What do you mean?" I asked in a shocked voice, "you can't stay, it's not right."

"I can and I am," she replied, "back there I am a middle-aged widow with nothing to look forward to. Here I am a young woman with handsome male admirers. I am staying."

I could see her point.

"Why not come back with me and think it over. You could come back here again in a day or so."

"But I might come back as an ogress or an imp like you. I want to be Esme, she is young, beautiful and has great sex, I mean it was really great!"

"O.k.," I said, trying to compromise, "I am worried that there may be side effects of staying here too long. I shall go back now but I shall return in a few days to make sure that you are alright. Remember, I may not be in the same form as I am now. I have met Joe and Toby before and I know where to find them."

"That seems fine. I shall spend some time with Joe and Toby and you can find me in a few days."

"Oh, and there's another one, Percy, but he is busy fucking Joe's aunt Estella. Oh, and there's Lottie the pixie, she seems nice."

"Am I supposed to know these people?"

"I have no idea, you will have to improvise."

"Bye then."

I left the cottage and made my way back to the oak, squeezed in and squeezed out back in the real world. I was pleased with myself for showing Roz the oak and glad that she had enjoyed herself with Joe and Toby.