 Abby, now in Sarah's body, stood in front of the mirror. Sarah was an attractive woman, and had a good body for most clothes, but she didn't have much of a budget so her closet was sparse. She rarely dressed provocatively, so Abby knew she was in for a challenge and dove back into Sarah's closet.

Abby was wearing the first outfit she'd grabbed from the closet: a sleeveless dress, navy colored, with a high neckline and a hem that went to just above the knee. It featured a soft material and a low slung back. Abby didn't mind it, but it was not really what she had in mind. A bit too "formal gala" for what she had planned. 

The second outfit was better. It was likely something Sarah would wear to a job interview. A charcoal knee-length pencil skirt and a light blue blouse. Abby unbuttoned the top few buttons to show a bit more of her chest. She willed her hair to style itself into a tight updo. She added some dark eye shadow and was pleased with what she saw. The pencil skirt really highlighted Sarah's shapely legs and narrow waist. But still, Abby thought she could do better.

Near the back of Sarah's closet, Abby found what she was looking for: a dark red wrap dress. She pulled the dress over her head, pushing the skirt down over her hips. She flipped the two sashes over her shoulders and wrapped it around, tying it tight in the back. She repositioned her breasts into the dress, and adjusted it. 

Yes, this is was what she needed. The hem sat lose, 4" above her knees, but by mid-thigh it was a snug fit, showing off her curves splendidly. It clung to her hips, and was tight enough to show off her flat, firm tummy. Up top, the dress showed ample amounts of her chest, and the neckline stopped high enough that she could wear a strapless bra. The design of the dress showed off her sides and back nicely. As she spun around, she saw that the tag for the dress was still on it. Sarah had never even worn it!

She found some strappy black 3" heels, and was giggled as she admired what the heels did to her ass. Old Abby would have never worn heels in the first place, but now she seemed to be able to walk in them without any trouble.

She shifted her hair from the updo into a style with bangs and a shoulder length straight cut. She made her lips and finger nails bright red, and made her eyes look like she was wearing dark, smoky eye shadow. She was still braless, and went looking for a strapless one to wear. 

After a few minutes of searching, she couldn't find anything in an acceptable color. An idea popped in her head and she went back in front of the mirror. She thought about increasing the size of her breasts a half cup size, and imagined them sitting high, forming natural cleavage, like a bra would do. Her breasts responded immediately, and grew and reshaped themselves until she had just the look she wanted. For fun, she firmed up the flesh in her breasts, and hardened her nipples, making them poke through the sheer material.

She felt good as she admired her look. She'd never dressed like this in her life, let alone looked close to this good. She was getting turned on from her own reflection, but before she let it get to her too much, she reminded herself she was actually being turned on by Sarah's reflection. As that thought rolled through her mind, she remembered her and her roommates activities the night before, realizing that thinking about Sarah still turned her on an awful lot.

Lastly, she needed to find some underwear. Confident as she was, she wasn't about to go out into the city without at least some kind of underwear on. Abby quickly found a black lace thong, looked at it uneasily, but decided to slide it up her long smooth legs. It was her first time wearing a thong, and while she expected it to be uncomfortable and "wedged" in her ass, she was pleasantly surprised at how barely noticeable it was. She'd have to remember that the next time she went shopping.

"There, I'm ready!" The real Sarah was still asleep on her bed as Abby grabbed Sarah's purse and headed for the door. She checked her phone, well actually Sarah's phone, and had only 15 minutes to get to Wil's apartment, but really she didn't care if she was late. She knew he wasn't going anywhere.

Abby walked to the end of the block, and down into the subway. She rode it all the way to the lower east side, where Wil had his place. His family had money, and paid his rent for him. She was over a half hour late, and he'd texted her multiple times wanting to know where she was. Every text she got made her more resolute about her plan.

She pressed the buzzer, and waited. The cool night air rolled over her skin. If she'd any had hair follicles below her neck, she might have gotten goose bumps. The door buzzed, and she walked in the entry, toward the elevator. As the elevator doors closed, she was almost stunned by her reflection in the stainless steel doors. The ride over she had kind of forgotten how she looked.

She gathering herself, adjusted her dress, and put her phone in her purse. She tried to center herself in her mind, reminding herself that she wasn't Abby right now, rather she was Sarah. She thought about what Sarah had said, how Wil was incredibly well endowed. She thought about Sarah's mannerisms and the way she walked, and most importantly how she sounded. She thought also about how Sarah looked.

That though caused a brief sense of arousal to flare in her. She used that to focus her attention on what she was about to do, what she wanted to do. As the elevator stopped and the doors opened, had anyone been waiting for the elevator, they'd have seen Sarah staring straight ahead with a wicked toothy smile on her face. She walked, foot in front of foot, toward Wil's door, and knocked. She heard him come toward the door, she licked her lips, and felt her nipples harden.

Wil opened the door, and stood still. He drank in the image of Sarah standing in front of him. He'd seen her dressed up before, but something about this particular look made her even more attractive than he remembered.

"Whoa Sarah, babe, you look amazing! Get in here!" Wil wrapped his arm around Abby's waist and pulled her in close, kissing her firmly. Abby was surpsied for a moment, but quickly responded and kissed back, snaking her tongue into his mouth. She felt her hunger, and let it drive her to kiss with more vigor. She grabbed Wil's shirt and pulled him closer in to her. "Easy babe, there's plenty of time for that! I figured we'd eat some dinner first and try this awesome wine I bought! We need to go somewhere nice with you dressed like that, hopefully we can find something with it being a Sunday night."

Wil walked toward the kitchen. He stopped for a second, and took his phone out, spun around and took a picture of Abby. "God you look good! I need to Instagram this!" She walked over to the couch and sat, crossing her legs and laying back. She felt the hunger and it wasn't going away, but it wasn't putting her into auto-pilot like it had with the sweaty man in the lobby of her apartment. 

Wil went into the kitchen and opened a bottle of wine, pouring them each a glass. He sat down, and started speaking, "Listen, I know I was rude earlier, but sometimes you just make me crazy. I saw you dancing with that woman and it made angry. You know I don't approve of lesbianism, and that just really upset me." Abby was somewhat amused by Wil's ham-fisted attempt to apologize and justify his asshole behavior, but that didn't matter anymore, so she played along. "I know, and I'm sorry I upset you. I wanted to come over here to make it up to you."

Abby set down her wine, and grabbed Wil's hand. Her hunger was slowly moving to the forefront of her mind. The entire reason she came here was to take as much of Wil's energy as she could, so she needed to get focused and make that happen. Once she was holding Wil's hand, she reached into his mind.

Almost immediately she was shocked that Sarah would spend time with him. He was a narcissist, and treated Sarah, and almost all women he interacted with, terribly. He was incredibly self-centered, and viewed woman as nothing but accessories to show off to his friends or holes to put his dick in. Roofies, over serving women at parties, bribing them for sexual favors...the more she saw, the less pity she could muster for him. Oh, and he'd cheated on Sarah, multiple times, icing on the cake.

Inside Abby's mind, she reached a decision. She would feed on Wil, to get revenge for all the women he'd taken advantage of. She would take his sexual energy, and leave him impotent and unable to become aroused by anyone. He'd be a husk of what he was now, and that would be fiting. She started pumping out pheromones, filling the room with the subliminal scent of sex. She actively pushed his mind toward thoughts of sex.

Abby saw his face flush, and he pulled his hand away and ran it over his head. She took the break in conversation as an opportunity to pounce on him. She kissed him, licked his lips and neck, and ran her hands over his body. He immediately responded, and started kissing her back. Their tongues danced around each other as Abby crawled closer to Wil. She ran her hands along his knee, tracing further up until she was resting it on the bulge in his pants.

"I don't know what's come over me Wil, but I want you, right here, right now." She squeezed his rather large member as she finished her sentence.

Wil complied without a second though. Abby could smell his arousal, and feel his cock harden. Unlike the man from earlier in the day, she wanted Wil's mind to stay active the entire time, so she didn't push him like she'd pushed the other man. She kicked her shoes off, and straddled Wil's lap. She kept kissing him, pushing her tongue further into his throat.

Unconsciously, her body was responding to her making out with Wil. She hadn't tried to shift her form, but her breasts had again inflated themselves. They inflated to large, DD cups, with no hint of sag. Her nipples had engorged as well, and stood straight out, poking through her dress's fabric. Her legs grew almost 3", though it wasn't obvious due to how she was straddling Wil. Her ass swelled, taking on a perfectly round shape. Her hair grew to mid back and took on a waviness. Her lips engorged, her cheeks flushed and even her finger nails grew out a half inch. She still looked like Sarah, just an oversexed version.

As she ground her crotch against Wil's, her dress hiked up until it was almost completely bunched around her hips. Wil's hands roamed under her skirt, to her firm ass, and grabbed it as hard as he could. Abby leaned back slightly and began to unbutton Wil's shirt, exposing his bare, well defined chest. She raked her newly lengthened nails across his chest, and licked on Wil's exposed nipples. She made his nipple damp, and then blew across it, causing it to harden. She then bit down firmly on it, causing Wil to let out an excited gasp.

She continued to work her way down Wil, and began unbuckling his belt and slacks. Wil was more than happy to help her, and their combined efforts left him sitting on his couch naked, with who he thought was his girlfriend straddling his lap, grinding on his rock hard member. If he had really known what was about to happen, he likely would have fled.

Abby's let her hunger assert itself and take over some of her actions. She looked down and saw Wil's gigantic 9" member. Part of her expected to feel fear, but instead she felt nothing but lust for it. She herself was incredibly turned on, and could feel wetness seeping from her slit. Even her mouth had begun to water. She latched onto Wil's face with a deep kiss, her tongue lengthened so as to reach even further into his mouth, and entwine with his.

Somewhere, deep in Wil's brain, part of him knew something was off. Though he couldn't explain how, he knew this gorgeous woman on top of him wasn't Sarah. The woman felt different now from when they began but, he simply couldn't get himself to care enough to do anything about it. 

Abby leaned back from wills face, and continued grinding his rock hard cock against her panties. She began to stand up, causing Wil to protest. He tried to stand up with her, but she quickly pushed him back onto the couch with her leg. Once she was standing, she began to untie the knot of her dress. 

For a moment, the sexual haze caused by the hunger lifted and she became clearly aware of what was happening. She knew her body had changed itself again, like earlier, and she knew she felt genuine sexual attraction to Wil, not just overwhelming hunger. In fact, her hunger was there, but it wasn't affecting her like it had before. She was the person doing these things to Wil, and she wasn't upset about it, in fact she was deeply enjoying it. Years of dormant sexual curiosity and desire were being channeled through her, and she liked how it felt. She heard a faint voice in her mind whisper: "Continue your ascent!"

Abby focused on Wil. His giant manhood excited her. She wanted to feel it inside of her. She reached under her skirt, and grabbed the gusset of her thong. It was already soaked in her love juices. She tried pulling it down, and eventually it came, but it was much snugger than when she put it thanks to her expanded ass and hips. She let the thong drop to the floor, exposing her pink, hairless pussy mound to the air. She finished untying the knot of her dress, unwrapped it, and pulled it over her head. She tossed it toward the apartment door. She stood fully nude in front of Wil.

Wil just stared, taking her in her form. He looked at her glistening pussy, noticing it was new shaved smooth, something the real Sarah never did. "I like what you did to you pussy, now let me feel it!" Wil tried to stand again, and again Abby easily pushed him back to the couch with her leg. Abby walked right up to Wil. "Your cock will get to feel it, but first you need to taste it!"

Abby knew from sifting through his thoughts that Wil never went down on women. It didn't reconcile with his beliefs of women existing for his pleasure and amusement. Abby wrapped her hands in Wil's hair and forcefully pushed the man's face into her radiating sex. She pushed his mind in such a way as to get him to accept the situation and shortly after his face had been planted into her pussy, he began to lick.

Abby let Wil lick her pussy for almost 10 minutes. He was improving rapidly as he went, until by the end he was holding her ass in both his hands and pulling her pussy into his face, enjoying himself immensely. Abby was enjoying it too, but she was growing impatient, and knew he wasn't going to be able to bring her to climax. She pulled Wil's mouth away, looked him in the eyes, and said "Relax, you've earned this next part."

As she finished her words, she pushed him back on the couch, and began lowering herself onto his rigid member. The sensations she felt as he began to impale her were easily the most enjoyable ones she'd ever felt. While the real Sarah would bottom out after a mere 6", Abby could easily accommodate Wil's entire length, to the point where she could bear down on him without exhausting her depths. Her entire pussy pulsed as she settled on top of Wil's lap.

She gasped from the feeling of being stretched to her limits, and feeling so very full. It felt wonderful, and in spite of it being her first time having an actual cock inside of her, she felt no pain. She began to rock her hips back and forth, feeling Wil slide in and out of her. She increased her pace, and was rewarded with even more pleasure. 

She continued riding him for almost over a half hour. At one point she spun around, and sat forward, as though Wil were just a chair. The sensations were as good, and somewhat different to her taking him the other way. This continued for quite some time. Abby felt wonderful, but she had yet to orgasm. Her mind was influencing Wil, allowing him to last much longer than he ever would have been able to otherwise go. Abby spun back around to face him, and had him shift his body so that he was lying flat on the couch. 

As she leaned back, she heard the voice whisper again, "Take him, take him completely, finish your ascension!" Abby pulled her hunger to the front of her mind while still ridding Wil furiously. The hunger let her understand what she had to do. As she rode Wil, she played with her tits, squeezing her nipples and feeling the fullness of her flesh. Her pupils turned solid black as her head rolled back, and with her mind, willed him to cum.

She only partially knew what to expect next, but she felt Wil's cock throb, and his seed begin to shoot into her soaking pussy. As the first rope of his cum hit the walls of her pussy, she felt the hunger surge through her. As she looked down on Wil with her jet black eyes, she saw him writhing in ecstasy. She felt Wil's energy begin to flow into her, intoxicating her.

Wil's testicles continued to pump an unnatural amount of semen into Abby's waiting vagina. When he was finally empty, she continued to pull energy from him. Her tongue shot out of her mouth, it was now 9" long and slightly forked. Black veins began to appear on her skin, covering her face, breasts, and torso. She writhed around on top of him, lost her own pleasure. Wil knew something was very wrong because even though his balls were empty, het still felt like he was cuming, but he couldn't stop. Gradually, he began to slip into unconsciousness.

Abby could tell she'd nearly exhausted his energy. He was no longer awake, but his cock was still hard and still a conduit for his energy. Eventually though, she felt a change in the energy. She was beginning to feed on his life force. She stopped, realizing that if she kept going she could likely kill him, or leave him permanently in a coma.

As she finished feeding, her eyes returned to normal and the black veins disappeared. Her tongue receded and un-forked. Her entire body began to reshape into a form similar to what she'd looked like before she took on Sarah's body. Her hair turned a crimson red, her skin became slightly paler. Her face shifted to look like after the first time she changed. 

Her breasts shrunk slightly, down from their formerly DD size to a more manageable C. Her ass did the same, and her height returned to her original 5'2". Her body still had well defined curves and toned muscles, and her "4 pack" returned to her belly. The gem she had willed out of sight, re-emerged as an ornate naval piercing. Its color had become a brilliant, bright red. Abby stood up and felt invigorated and confident. Wil's cock fell out of her with an audible schlock.

Her hunger had receded completely, and she felt fully in control of her body. She thought back to when she was in Sarah's form. She'd enjoyed the extra height, so she willed herself to grow. She quickly passed the 5'6" of Sarah and settled at 5'8". "Tall but not too tall," she thought. She went to Wil's bathroom mirror, and made the adjustments to her makeup she wanted, shifting again to the dusky, dark look she had as Sarah. She grew her hair down to her lower back, and added back the natural waviness to it. 

She decided to try something new. She turned around and smiled as a large pair of tattooed wings materialized through her skin. As plain old Abby, she'd always wanted a tattoo, but was too afraid to follow through with it. Now, what would have taken days of time with a tattoo artist appeared in seconds. The detail was incredible as she looked closer in the mirror. Excitedly, she rushed out to the living room to grab her dress, pulling it back on, and tying it behind her.

Her tattoo looked amazing with the low, exposed back of her dress. She felt delighted. She once again willed her breasts to firm up to the shape they'd have with a bra, making her dress look as ravishing as before. She walked back out to get her shoes, slipping them on, resizing her feet until they fit perfectly. 
