 The road I was on entered the forest and as it was a dull November morning I turned on my lights. There were no other cars on the road but still I decided to drive carefully to avoid skidding on the sodden mass of fallen leaves in the road.

After a while I felt the need to pee so I pulled off the road and parked in a clearing. I got out of my car and walked a few yards into the wood so as not to be seen by any passing traffic. I answered the call of nature and was about to return to my car when something caught my eye.

I was more than a little curious when I saw a small person wearing a red pointed hat hurrying through the forest. I decided to follow and walked after them.

I caught up to within a few yards of them and could see that what I was following was a dwarf, about three feet six tall, quite stout and sporting a long brown beard.

"Not again!" I heard him say, "not a-fucking-gain!"

The dwarf stopped and looked around him, I hid behind a tree.

"Oh Rustic," he said, "why do you let them do it to you, why?"

As there was no one else about, I assumed he was talking to himself.

'I know,' I thought to myself, 'he's one of a pantomime troupe and the others have gone off and left him. Maybe I should give him a ride into the next town.'

I was about to call out to him when he ran off deeper into the forest. I followed.

The dwarf stopped at the base of a large oak tree which had a hole in it, looked around and then disappeared inside the trunk of the tree. I went over to the tree and poked my head in, he was not there. I squeezed inside the trunk of the tree to see if he was in a dark corner or something, but he wasn't. I turned and squeezed back out into the forest.

The first thing I noticed when I emerged from the tree trunk was that the temperature had dropped considerably. I looked down to see that the forest floor had a light dusting of snow on it, I also noticed that my shoes had changed into leather boots. Something strange had happened, but having read all about Narnia and having an open mind I decided to see how things panned out.

"Did you see it?" I heard a voice call from a little way off, "Percy, did you see it?"

I noticed a bow standing against the tree alongside a quiver containing several arrows, I instinctively picked them up and headed in the direction from which the voice had come.

I stopped when I saw them, two young men, probably in their early twenties, dressed in leather tunics and cloth leggings, each carrying a bow similar to the one I was carrying. They saw me and waved.

"Over here Percy," one of them said, "Toby thinks it has gone this way."

"Which way do you think it went then, Joe?" The one called Toby said to the other.

'So the fair-haired one is Joe and the one with black hair is Toby,' I thought to myself, 'and I, it seems, am Percy.'

"If we don't get her a boar for Cook to roast today," said Joe, "aunt Estella will be very annoyed with us, in fact she told me in no uncertain terms not to return empty-handed or there would be trouble."

"So we keep looking then," I said encouragingly, "It is still early in the day, come on chaps, chin up."

Just then we heard a crashing sound coming from the undergrowth, Toby approached cautiously and we followed.

"Well that's lucky," he said as he found what had caused the noise, "we can stop searching now."

The boar we had been hunting was lying on the ground, dead.

"Must have died of old age," said Joe, "stick an arrow in it Toby and we can tell aunt Estella we caught it."

It was beginning to get dark when we carried the dead boar strung on a stout pole towards the front door of a very nicely built stone house. The door opened and a very attractive woman in her early forties emerged to greet us.

"Well done boys!" She called as she came towards us, "now, Tobias, Josiah, take it to Cook. Percival, you come with me."

My companions carried the dead animal away and the woman, who I took to be aunt Estella grabbed my hand and led me inside.

"Come on," she said as she led me up the stairs, "I have a little job for you."

She led me into what I guessed was her bedroom, it was large yet intimate, with a large bed at one end and a fire in a hearth to one side. The mature beauty walked over to the bed, unlacing her bodice as she did so.

"Come on Percy," she said to me, "get those breeches off."

'Fucking hell!' I thought to myself, 'I think I can guess what job she wants me to do.'

I stripped off my clothes and watched as she slid her skirts down over her long smooth legs, she had nothing on under her skirts and I licked my lips as I took in the sight of her full round buttocks.

"Oh Percy," she said as she turned to look at me, "you seem to be ready."

I looked down at my stiff cock standing proudly from my body, I was indeed ready for action. I went to her and pushed her onto the bed, she smiled as she fell back, spreading her legs as she did so. I let out a sigh as I feasted my eyes on her lovely chestnut brown bush.

"Stick it in me," she ordered.

I didn't need to be told twice, in one motion I covered her, slipping my stiff cock inside her warm wet cunt. I started pumping my meat in and out of her with a regular forceful thrusting action.

"Oh yes, good boy, oh yes," she moaned, wrapping her legs around my waist, pulling me into her when I thrust forward and letting me go when I pulled out.

We fucked for a couple of minutes, kissing as we did so, our tongues wriggling around in each other's mouths, our saliva mixing and running down her cheek. When I wasn't kissing her I was suckling on her lovely pink nipples which were atop her beautiful big firm breasts.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried when she came, her cunt contracting, squeezing my cock, milking it.

"Oh Stell!" I cried out as I squirted my hot cum inside her, emptying my balls completely.

I lay on her for a while after I had filled her with my cum, enjoying the feeling of my cock softening inside her warm body.

"That was nice," she said to me, "I might like to do that again after supper."

"My pleasure," I said in reply, "and I am always at your disposal."

I gave her a nice big slobbery kiss on the lips and rolled off of her. I stood up and began to dress, she lay on the bed and watched me.

"Now go and see what my lazy nephew and his friend are doing while I dress for dinner," she told me, "I am looking forward to some nice pork."

'You just had a portion,' I thought to myself.

I wandered back downstairs and into what must have been the main room of the house, there was a fire blazing at one end and assorted seats around it. In the middle of the room was a long table with a bench either side. Joe and Toby were sitting by the fire, boots off, warming their toes.

"Come and sit by the fire," said Joe, "Lottie is getting us some mulled wine.".

I sat down and looked into the fire, I was feeling very happy. I had somehow been transported to another world and had just fucked a most beautiful woman, what more could I want?

I heard the rattling of a metal tray and looked over my shoulder, a very pretty young woman wearing a very short red dress and red ankle boots was haphazardly carrying a tray with three tankards on it towards us.

"Careful Lottie," said Toby, "try not to spill it all this time."

"You know I'm not very good at this," she said in reply, "you always make me do this, it's not fair."

I took a good look at her as she put the tray down on a small table next to Joe. She was probably eighteen or so, about four feet ten, slim build, not much bust. Then I looked at her face and my heart raced. She had candy floss pink hair in a bob, the most beautiful pink lips but most disconcerting was the fact that she had pink irises.

"Pixie girls make terrible maids," said Toby to Joe, "I don't know why you keep her on."

"He doesn't keep me here to wait at table," the girl said as she sat on Joe's lap.

'So that's what a real pixie looks like,' I thought to myself, 'she is fucking gorgeous.'

I watched as the girl put her mouth to Joe's and kissed him. He put his arms around her and gave her a squeeze, causing her to emit a little murmur of pleasure.

"Are you going to suck my cock?" Joe asked as he broke the embrace.

"If you want me to," she replied.

Toby and I looked on as the pixie slid off Joe's lap and knelt in front of him. Toby handed her a cushion to put under her knees. Joe unlaced the front of his breeches and took out his stiffening cock. He let out a moan of pleasure as the girl took it in her mouth and began to suck on it.

"Oh Lottie," he said, "you are such a good cock-sucker."

Toby took his cock out and began to rub it as he watched the pixie fellate his friend, I could feel myself stiffening even though I had spent myself in Joe's aunt only minutes before.

"Oh," grunted Joe as his hips bucked and he ejaculated down the throat of the beautiful young fellatrice.

I could see Lottie swallowing hard as she tried not to gag on the copious amount of hot sticky goo that was flowing out of Joe and into her.

"Come here you dirty slut," said Toby as he stood up, his erection dribbling pre cum onto the floor.

Lottie took her mouth away from Joe and turned around. She opened her mouth and took Toby's cock in it, he sighed as she began to suck him off. I pulled my stiff cock from my breeches and began to wank as I watched.

Lottie bobbed her head back and forth as she sucked on Toby's cock. He threw his head back and let out a cry as he spent himself in her mouth, once again she had to swallow quickly to keep from coughing it out.

"Oh fuck!" I cried as I shot off over the floor.

"None for Lottie then!" Laughed Joe as he watched my mess stripe the stone.

Lottie stood up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand as she did so.

"Wash it down with some mulled wine," said Joe as he handed her one of the tankards.

Lottie took a swig, swirled it around in her mouth and swallowed.

"Mmm," she said, smiling at Joe, "spunky wine, very tasty."

We all laughed.

Later on we dined on roast boar and vegetables, had too much to drink and fell asleep at the table. When I awoke everyone else had gone to bed.

I got up from the table and left the house, deciding to try and find my home.

After a few hours wandering aimlessly around the forest I found the oak tree with the hole in it's trunk. I squeezed into the space, turned around and squeezed back out. I looked down to see that I had my own shoes on again, I was back.