 I went to visit Roz.

"Hello," said the young man who opened her door to me, " what can I do for you?"

"Is Mrs. Steward at home?" I asked.

"No, Auntie Roz has gone away on a cruise. I am her nephew, Jamie. She has asked me to look after things for her while she is away."

"My name is Jim Dixon," I told him, "I was dealing with your late uncle's stamp collection."

"Oh yes, she said you might come calling. She said you could have the stamps as a sort of thank you. You must have done something very nice for her."

"I merely introduced her to some people I know."

Jamie gave me the stamp albums and I left.

I went to see Nina Straw.

"Rob is still there, waiting for you," she told me, "I came back after three days."

"You left me in the hands of a witch," I told her, "she kept me for four days."

"Did she harm you?"

"Nope."

"I think it only right that you go back and get Rob," Nina said to me, "I have work to do here."

"So I am no longer of interest to the police?"

"No. Mrs. Steward has been seen safe and sound. She is going on a cruise apparently."

"We both know where she is really going."

"I still cannot believe what happened," she said to me, "but I have some leave coming up and I think I know where I might spend it."

I went back to the forest.

I emerged from the oak, picked up the little mirror I had left on the ground next to it and looked at my reflection.

"That's better," I said to myself as I gazed upon the face of a handsome young man, probably in his early twenties. 

I headed towards Estella's house where I hoped Rob Hill would still be waiting for the red imp whose body I had been inhabiting.

"Hello Percy," came a voice from my left as I approached the house, "I knew you couldn't stay away for ever."

I turned to see Estella walking towards me, a big smile on her face.

'So I'm Percy again,' I thought to myself, 'I can understand what she sees in him, he is very attractive.'

"Hello Estella," I said to her, "I have missed you."

"And I have missed you," she said as she put down the basket of mushrooms she was carrying, put her hands on my shoulders, pulled me towards her and kissed me on my mouth.

Her warm wet tongue pushed it's way between my lips and wriggled around in my mouth. I responded with my tongue, wrapping it around hers and pushing it into her mouth.

"Let's go indoors," she said as she broke the embrace.

She took my hand, picked up her basket with her other hand and led me into her house.

"Lottie!" She shouted as we went in throught he big front door, "look who's back!"

The little pixie with the pink hair came skipping into the big hallway, a big smile on her face. 

"Hello Percy," she said as she relieved her mistress of the basket of mushrooms, "you got back just in time."

"Now Lottie," said Estella, "don't be cheeky."

"Lady Estella's bed has been getting cold since Rob left," giggled Lottie.

"Who's Rob?" I asked, feigning ignorance.

"No one," said Estella, "it's just Lottie being silly."

'So Rob has left,' I thought to myself, 'but he hasn't been back to the real world, I wonder where he is?'

Ten minutes later I was in Estella's big soft bed suckling on her right teat.

"Mmmm, good boy," she whispered as she lay naked with me on top of her.

I moved my attention to her left teat for a minute and then began to kiss my way down her fulsome body to the lovely hairy mound at the base of her slightly tubby belly. I inhaled deeply, revelling in the heady musk of a woman at the peak of her sexuality and becoming ready for penetration.

"Put your tongue in me," she told me as I kissed her outer lips.

I pushed her labia apart with the tip of my tongue and poked it inside her as far as I could. She let out a moan of pleasure as I began to lap at the juice that flowed freely from her.

"My clit, lick my clit," she told me.

I ran my tongue up her slit and found the stiff little bud. I rubbed it with my tongue, making her writhe with pleasure and groan with passion.

"Yes, yes," she moaned as she became more and more aroused.

I rolled my tongue around her love-bud and flicked it with the tip. She grabbed hold of my hair and squeezed, making sure my head was held firmly in place as she approached her climax.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! OH YES!" She cried as she came, squirting a stream of liquid from her cunt and squeezing my head between her strong thighs.

Eventually she relaxed her grip and I came up for air. I lay next to her and kissed her, letting her taste her own juice. 

"Put your cock in me," she said, smiling at me.

I positioned myself over her and she opened her legs wide. I lowered myself and my stiff cock slipped inside her effortessly, lubricated by her ejaculate.

"Oooh," we murmured simultaneously as I felt her velvety smooth cunt envelope me and she felt my stiff cock fill her.

I started off slowly but within a minute I was ramming it in her for all I was worth. The feeling of her hot slippery cunt around my member was wonderful, I wanted it to last forever, but it was soon over.

"Oh fuck, oh God, oh Stell!" I cried as I emptied my balls in her.

"Yes!" She cried as she came again, her vaginal contractions squeezing every last drop of my seed from me.

I pulled out of her and lay beside her. We smiled at each other.

"I missed you," we said together.

'Well I am definitely staying here,' I thought to myself.

Later that day I was sitting by the fire enjoying a jug of mulled wine when Toby and Joe entered the room.

"Look who's back," said Joe, "and just in time."

"Lottie said the same thing," I responded, "what has happened while I was away?"

Toby told me about the visit from the huntress, her squire and the imp.

"The imp turned up after a while and Rob went off with it," Joe told me.

'Rob must have thought it was still me,' I thought to myself, 'but where has it taken him?'

"Talking of Lottie," said Toby, "where is she with my wine?"

Once again the young pixie came into the room carrying a tray haphazardly towards my friends.

"I'm going to drop this!" She exclaimed as she made her way across the room.

"Oh Lottie, you are hopeless as a waitress," laughed Joe.

Lottie made it to Joe and Toby and they picked their tankards from the silver tray she was carrying.

"Oh Lottie," said Joe, "you have slopped some onto the tray, you naughty pixie."

"I suppose you are going to have to punish me," said Lottie as she put the tray on the floor.

"I think I may have to," replied Joe.

Joe sat on a stool and Lottie stood in front of him, facing to the side. Lottie took hold of the hem of her short pink dress and lifted it up, revealing her pink gossamer panties.

"If you would be so kind Toby," Joe said to his friend.

Toby stood behind Lottie and, taking hold of her panties, pulled them all the way down. Lottie lifted her feet in turn to allow him to remove them completely.

"Now Lottie," said Joe, "stand with your feet slightly apart."

The pixie did as ordered. Toby went and sat down and I was treated to the sight of the cutest little ass I had ever seen.

"This is how you punish a naughty pixie," said Joe and he slapped Lottie on her ass with the flat of his hand.

"Oooh!" said Lottie as she felt the slap.

Joe slapped her several times and her cute little ass began to redden. Her squeaks of pain became moans of pleasure as she became excited by the spanking she was getting.

"I think she is enjoying this," said Toby.

"Do you think so?" Asked Joe, "how can we tell?"

"I think I know how to tell," I put in.

I stood up and went over to Lottie. I knelt behind her and put my finger to her pussy. I wriggled it in between her cute little pink piss-flaps and inside her.

"As I thought," I said, withdrawing my finger and looking at it, "she is quite wet."

I put my finger in my mouth and sucked Lottie's pussy juice from it.

"Oh that is so sweet," I said to my friends.

My action had aroused Toby. He hurriedly pulled his breeches down, releasing his stiff cock which sprang out in front of his hairy groin.

"On all-fours please Lottie," he said as he pulled his foreskin back, revealing a big purple head from which a dribble of pre cum was emanating.

The pixie did as she was told and got down on the floor. Toby crouched behind her and positioned his cock at her slit. They both groaned with pleasure as he pushed his meat inside her wet twat.

Joe and I both got our cocks out and massaged them as we watched. Even though I had only finished filling Estella not long before, I was ready to come again.

"Oh, oh, oh," said Toby as he thrust his cock in and out of the pixie.

"Ooooooh!" She moaned in reply as she felt herself being plundered by the handsome young man.

"Can I come inside her?" Toby asked.

"Yes," replied Joe, "fill the little slut to the brim."

"Yes," said Lottie, "come inside me, let me feel your spunk in me."

"Uuuuhhhh!" Cried Toby as he came, emptying himself into Lottie.

"Oh yes! Oh YES!" Cried Lottie as she came, her contractions squeezing the man-sausage that was rammed inside her.

Their lustful exchange brought me to the brink and I shot streamers of sticky white cum all over the stone floor.

"Oh Percy!" laughed Joe, "what has happened?"

I gave him an embarrassed look as I wrung the last drops of cum from my softening cock.

Toby withdrew from Lottie and a dribble of cum ran out of her and onto the floor.

"Come here," Joe said to her.

Lottie shuffled over to him, leaned forward and took the tip of his cock in her mouth. He let out a sigh as she wrapped her slender fingers around the shaft and began to wank him as she sucked.

"Oh Lottie," he sighed, "you are not a naughty girl at all. You are a good girl."

Lottie mumbled a reply of sorts as she continued working on her master's cock.

Toby and I put our cocks back in our breeches and stood up. We were just about to leave Joe and Lottie to it when Joe let out a long low groan, threw his head back and stretched out his arms.

"Aaaaaaarrrrrgghh!" Was the sort of sound he made as he sent a load of cum into her mouth, his cock throbbing as it squirted.

Lottie kept wanking and sucking until every last drop of cum had gone from Joe's body.

"Oh Lottie," sighed Joe as she finally took her mouth away and swallowed the last of his seed.

Toby and I looked at each other and smiled.

"She does earn her keep," he said to me, "even if she is a rubbish waitress."

I spent a couple of days servicing Estella. Rob Hill was right, she was insatiable, wanting my cock inside her at every opportunity, but I had told Nina that I would bring Rob back and so I told her that I had to go off for a while.

"You can't leave," she said to me as we lay in her big soft bed, "what will I do while you are gone?"

"You managed before," I said to her.

"Hmm," she smiled, obviously remembering Rob, "if only he were here."

"What if I were to find him and bring him back to you?"

"Yes!" She said enthusiastically, "bring Rob back here! Oh Percy, would you do that for me?"

'Crikey!' I thought to myself, 'he must be good in the sack!'

And so, the next day, the whole household turned out to wave me good bye and wish me luck on my quest to find Rob Hill.

'Now all I have to do is find where that imp has led him,' I thought to myself as I walked briskly along the track towards wherever it led me.