 After a breakfast of porridge Nina, Rob and I set off to find Roz. Estella, the two young men and Lottie waved us off as we walked away along the snow covered track.

"Did you have a good night Rob?" Nina enquired of her subordinate.

"That woman is bloody insatiable!" He replied, "my balls need a rest after last night."

I guessed that the reason Percy was away was to give his balls a rest too.

"Lady Esme is the wife of baron Horace Fugg," Nina told us, "apparently he is not averse to pimping her out to settle debts and gain favours." 

"I hope for your sake she is safe and has come to no harm," Rob Hill said to me.

"She was in very good spirits the last time I saw her," I replied.

"So each time you came here you were in a different form," said Nina, "did you have any control over that?"

"No, I didn't. Do you think I actually want to be three-feet-six tall and completely red?"

"But this is your second time as an imp," said Rob, "perhaps subconsciously, you quite like it."

"Piss off Rob," I replied.

It took all day to walk to baron Fugg's scruffy little castle at the edge of the forest, luckily the snow held off and we arrived in good spirits.

"Good evening," said Nina to the man who opened the front door to us, "my name is Nina Straw and I would like to see the lady Esme."

"My wife is preparing for supper," he replied, " you and your squire may enter and wait, the imp can shelter in the stables."

I was pointed in the direction of the stables and shuffled away whilst Nina and Rob were shown into the castle.

I saw a young woman when I walked into the stables, she was early twenties, less than four feet tall, a little chubby, chestnut brown hair parted in the middle and braided into pigtails, a round ass and tits that stood out, round and firm. She was feeding a pair of reindeer.

"They look nice," I said as I walked towards her.

"Oh hello," she said with a start, turning to see who had spoken, "who are you?"

"Ivan," I replied, "the baron sent me here to shelter whilst my mistress visits lady Esme. What's your name?"

"Dora," she replied, "now go and stand in the corner and keep away from me, mother told me all about you imps."

"Oh did she?"

"Yes. She said that imps are only interested in dwarfs for one thing."

"Oh, and what is that one thing?"

"You know very well what that one thing is."

I could feel my balls going all fuzzy at her words.

"You are very pretty," I told her, "you have lovely brown eyes."

"Behave yourself," she replied, "you'll be asking for a kiss next."

"That would be nice, just a little kiss on the cheek, nothing more."

"Well, I suppose that wouldn't hurt. Come here then."

She finished giving the reindeer their hay and turned to face me, she really did have lovely big brown eyes set in a sweet round face with big red lips and rosy cheeks. As I put my lips close to her she turned her face to the side and my kiss landed on her cheek.

"There," she said, "you have had your kiss, now go and stand in the corner."

But I didn't want to stand in the corner. The moment my lips touched her soft warm flesh I knew I had to have her.

"One more. Can I have just one more?" I pleaded.

"Oh go on then."

"On the lips this time."

"I don't know about that."

"Please."

"Oh alright then."

She closed her eyes and puckered her lips, I put my lips to hers and kissed her gently. As we kissed I felt the tip of her tongue poke from her lips and touch mine, I opened my mouth slightly and poked my tongue out to meet hers, my balls began to throb.

"Mmm, that was nice," she said as she pulled away from me, "shall we go up to the loft?"

My cock went rock hard at the sound of her words.

Dora went up the rickety ladder first. I stood at the bottom, steadying it for her, watching that lovely round ass wiggle as she ascended to the hayloft. "Is it true that imps have no hair on their bodies?" She asked as she settled down in the hay.

"Would you like to see?" I asked.

"Yes."

I had never actually seen my imp body and I was as curious as she was to see what a naked imp looked like. I stripped quickly and we both looked over my smooth red skin. She was correct, I did not have a single hair on my entire body other than what was on my head. I held my stiff cock to one side and inspected my bright red balls, which had swollen to the size of pool balls and were just as smooth.

I knelt down in front of her and she leaned towards me and kissed me on one of my bright red nipples which I could feel become erect on contact with her tongue. I lay back on the hay and spread my legs.

"Let me watch you strip," I said to her as I put my fingers around my cock shaft and began to rub it slowly.

She smiled at me as she stood up, slipped off her leather waistcoat and began to unbutton her coarse woolen shirt. I licked my lips as she pulled her shirt open, revealing her bra which looked to be made of soft brown leather.

"Do you like dwarfs?" She asked me as she let her shirt drop to the floor and lifted her left foot to pull off her boot.

"I like ones who look like you," I replied.

Having pulled off her boots, she slowly unlaced her breeches and lowered them over her fulsome thighs and down her stocky legs. I noted that she was wearing panties of soft brown leather that matched her bra.

"Oh Dora!" Came a voice from below.

"Oh, it's the baron!" Dora exclaimed in a hushed voice, "quick hide!"

I gathered up my clothes and hid behind a pile of hay bales.

"I'm up here," Dora called down to the baron, "I have something for you."

"And I have something for you my dear," said Fugg as his smiling face appeared in front of her.

"The imp told me that lady Esme had visitors," Dora told him, "so I guessed you would be visiting me."

"You are a good girl," said Fugg, "getting yourself ready for your master."

From my hiding place I watched as Fugg crawled over to Dora, took hold of her panties and pulled them down over her plump round ass, down her chubby thighs, down her stocky legs and off. I was very frustrated at not being the one to do that and even more frustrated when I saw her lovely thick brown bush.

"Oh Horace!" She exclaimed when he put his face between her thighs and began to lick her out.

I looked down to see clear liquid dribbling out of the little slit at the end of my extremely stiff cock. I could not help but rub my cock as I watched the baron eat the cunt of the young and pretty dwarf. 

"Oh, oh, ooooh!" Cried Dora as Fugg brought her to a shuddering climax.

"By the gods of the forest you taste good," Fugg told her as he took his face away from her.

Fugg knelt in front of her and unlaced his breeches.

"Now stick that huge cock inside me," she told him.

My eyes widened when I saw what Fugg had for her, it really was a big one! It had to be nine inches of thick man-meat. Compared to him, what I had in my hand was nothing. 

'Is that going to fit inside her?' I asked myself silently.

"Oh yes!" She cried out as Fugg slowly fed his cock into her cunt.

"Good girl," he responded, "let your master put it all inside you."

"Come on then Horace," she said to him, staring into his eyes, "ride me, ride me like you are on your best mount and racing to the finish line."

Fugg did as he was bid and began to thrust in and out of the dwarf with a purpose. She moaned out loud and rolled her head from side to side as she received what can only be described as a bloody good fucking.

"Oh Horace! Oh yes! OH! OH! OH!" She shouted as the cock which was being rammed in and out of her brought her to another climax.

"Oh Dora! Oh yessss!" Cried Fugg as he came inside the dwarf, putting what I guessed was a not inconsiderable amount of baronial spunk in her.

My hand had been moving ever faster up and down my erect cock and I gave a little grunt and shot off my load onto the bale of hay I was hidden behind.

Fugg pulled his breeches back up and Dora put her clothes back on, I stayed very still, not wanting to be seen. 

They both went out, leaving me alone in the stable. I lay down to sleep. I was very hungry.

"Hello? Are you in here?" Came a soft female voice, waking me.

I stuck my head over the edge of the loft floor and looked down to see a large woman, probably in her late thirties, carrying a plate of food. The sight and smell of the food made my mouth water.

"I'm up here," I called down to her.

"I have brought you your supper," she said as she looked up, "You will have to come down here and get it."

Without thinking I descended from the loft as quickly as I could and took the plate from her.

"Thank you, thank you so much," I said to her, "I am bloody starving."

I didn't bother with cutlery, I just shoved my face into the pile of vegetables in gravy that was on the plate and gobbled it all down in a matter of seconds.

"You were hungry weren't you?" The woman said to me as I licked the last drop of gravy from the plate and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand.

I looked at her as I handed her the empty plate, she had a very pretty face with black wavy hair that fell onto her shoulders. She had big brown eyes and full red lips. My eyes travelled down and rested upon her ample bosom which was set in a very nice cotton bodice.

"You certainly don't like to dress for dinner," she laughed.

Her remark reminded me that I was still naked. I looked down to see that the sight of her bosom had caused my cock to become erect and my balls to swell.

"Is that your cock or did you borrow it from one of the king's mastiffs?" She giggled as she looked at my tackle.

I looked down and felt that she had a point, my cock was very pink, very pointed and probably about the same size as that of a large dog.

"Excuse me mistress," I said to her, "I shall go and get my clothes."

I scampered up the ladder to the loft and went over to my clothes. I was pulling up my breeches when she appeared in front of me, a big smile on her face.

"You have to pay for your supper now," she said to me as she began to unlace her bodice.

I sat and stared, my breeches half on, as she freed her tits from the confines of her top. My balls throbbed as I took in the sight of those big round orbs with their big pink nipples.

"What do I have to do?" I asked, "to pay for my supper."

"Well," she replied as she lowered her voluminous skirts and big cotton panties, "if you can lick me as well as you licked that plate I would consider the debt settled."

She lay on her back on the hay and spread her legs. I looked at her big hairy mound and my mouth started watering. I knelt in front of her, took a deep breath and dived in between her ample thighs.

"Oh yes you little red fucker, lick me," she urged, "get that pointy tongue working, make me come."

I poked my tongue out as far as I could, trying to get it as far inside her as possible. She tasted so sweet, I could feel my cock twitch in anticipation of being buried in her hot wet cunt.

"Oh yes!" She cried after a couple of minutes of receiving my attention, "oh my goodness, yes!"

She squirted her juice all over my face and writhed around, she was coming hard, really hard.

I let her settle and then I took my head out from between her legs. I quickly got into position and shoved my pointy pink cock straight inside her before we could be interrupted by anybody.

"Oh!" She cried as she felt it go up her.

"Oh mistress," I said as I began to thrust, "you are so warm and so wet."

I fucked her fast, shoving my little cock in and out at breakneck speed. She put her arms around me and hugged me tightly as I hammered away with my tool.

"Oh!" She cried as she approached a second climax.

"Oh,oh,oh,oh!" I shouted as I felt my seed rise up my shaft and come jetting out of my cock, sending a load to mix with the juice that was in that lovely fleshy cunt of hers.

"Ooooooh!" She squealed when she came, "ooooh!"

Having emptied, my balls reverted to a more sensible size for a being of my stature and my pointy cock went soft. I climbed off of her and knelt beside her on the hay.

"I'm Ivan," I told her, "what is your name?"

"Janet," she replied.

"Well, I am very pleased to meet you Janet," I told her, "very pleased indeed."

As we got dressed she told me that she was the baron's cook and my mistress had asked if I could be fed, that was why she had brought the food out. 

"I have to go in now," she told me, "you have to stay in here."

She gave me a kiss and left, I settled down to sleep with a full belly, empty balls and a big grin on my face.

I was awoken by Nina calling me. I looked down to see her standing at the entrance to the barn with Rob and Esme. I descended the ladder and went over to them.

"Is this the woman who you know as Rosalind Steward?" Nina asked me.

"This is the woman who's body she is in, yes," I replied.

Esme Fugg gave me a puzzled look, "I think you might have been eating some of Marlock's special herbs," she said to me, "I don't know anyone called Rosalind Steward and I am the only person in this body."

A wave of panic swept over me, what had happened to Roz?