 A dominant alien race forces humans to cum to their senses, but really they're just a bunch of pussies. 

Prelude... 

They had been studying us for some time. Far out in the asteroid belt they gathered, safely beyond the sight of stargazing humans. The Domu were a nomadic, humanoid race and were very long-lived, where lives were measured in tens of thousands of Earth years. They had been circling the outer galactic rim for as long as they could remember and every few thousand years, they would seek out a 'client' race to mate with. Sex between Domu was rare and unfulfilling for them; their biological urge was mate with different (yet compatible) humanoid races. Mostly it worked out well for them, but occasionally there were... unexpected hiccups. 

Chapter One 

Seebu uncurled within her acceleration couch. The nesting feeling was upon her more strongly now. She smoothed her hands down her lightly golden-furred body whilst pursing her full-to-bursting lips. A strong, musky-sex scent dripped from her skin and she felt her nerves tingling. She was sensitising nicely and would soon experience an unstoppable compulsion to mate. Her vagina was constantly engorged and a slow stream of juices matted in the thick soft fur of her abdomen. She didn't often wash whilst in this state... the pheromones needed to stay on her to maximise her chances of success in the hunt. 

Smiling to herself, she let out a brief chuckle as a quick flash of memory reminded her of the last mating season. They had happened upon a race of wolf-like humanoids for the first time and in their arrogance presumed that they could subdue them like all the others. The problem was that Domu were more feline than canine and the whole mating season was a debacle. There were some successes and even a few deaths, but the vast majority of the Domu were left unsated and incredibly frustrated. It was one of the few times they were forced to mate amongst themselves which was only slightly better than not mating at all. The upshot was that for two thousand years they had collectively experienced an unscratchable itch - and itch that could only be scratched when they were in season and yet dully persisted out of it. At this late stage, most of the Domu were frantic-almost-out-of-their minds and yet couldn't mate until season fully kicked in. Seebu quietly hissed out her new mantra, coined shortly after discovering the Earth: "Fuck 'em all, fuck 'em hard and fuck 'em all again!" 

Her hand lazily glid down to her wet vagina and probed curiously and gently inside. She was testing her readiness although she knew that she wasn't. She sharply withdrew her hand in annoyance and pressed it to her face. She breathed deeply, inhaling her strong and powerful odour, which caused her chest to tingle warmly. Her tongue darted out and it's roughness cleaned off the sticky juices. As the nectar hit her mouth, she felt a strong heat in her palette, like a strange cross between treacle and chilli peppers. She knew that she would be in season soon, perhaps in just a few hours. And when she was in season, all were in season. Curling up again, she began to purr as her long tail gently pressed between her full and muscular thighs. 

Chapter Two 

The first ships entered the atmosphere undetected and by the time fighter jets were scrambled, the majority of the fleet had landed. The Domu landed ad hoc; there was little strategy to the invasion beyond ensuring there was a good population centre nearby. A higher percentage of ships landed in military bases but this was not to fight anyone, rather because military personnel tended to be stronger mates and had better stamina. Fighting was an alien concept to the Domu because when confronting new races they usually found a quick shag with the troublemakers would resolve any outstanding issues that lay with the rest of the species. Aside from the wolf-men debacle, they could expect to dominate a species within the first few hours after making contact. 

Seebu stood at the top of the landing ramp and breathed in the Earth's air for the first time, noting the above normal gravity, which would tire her out quickly. The air tasted sweet, if somewhat polluted. Her eight foot lithe form gracefully wound itself down to the ground as the sunlight shimmered through her short golden fur. She was beautiful. Her tail hovered above the ground in an arc, almost caressing the air. Her legs were spread apart in dominant, masterful position as her trim belly jutted forwards, her upper torso resting on her hips at a slight angle. Her plump breasts swayed slightly, with her already elongated nipples pushing out even further. Her face was elven in its beauty; she had high cheekbones with a regal jawline, full lips, emerald eyes, pointed ears and a long swash of red-gold hair caressed her broad and powerful shoulders. If she were human, she'd have been in her late thirties and oozing fuck-me-plenty sex appeal. 

A policeman stood a short distance in front of Seebu and her ship. He was pointing a gun at her and looked nervous. Behind him a few police cars had drawn up, with full-on flashing lights. Behind them were scattered a few more policemen and an empty main street leading into town. In the far distance, people were panicking to get home and then get out of dodge. A chained dog barked throatily in the distance. 

Seebu smiled warmly and spread her arms open in a gracefully slow movement. She had managed to conjure a posture that suggested both the welcoming of a long lost friend and one of dominant power. She also knew that this posture helped her scent to be carried to the strange human ahead of her. They have even less hair than I thought... how kinky, she inwardly grinned. 

She waited a short while. And then some more. And then she became a little concerned. She thought worriedly, Can't these creatures smell? Usually her musk -- which acted like a neurotoxin -- had an instant area effect. 

When the dog barked a second time, she then began to wonder if these humans were perhaps albino wolf men! No, not again! She thought, but then gathered herself. Diplomacy was required. Diplomacy and then sex. Lots of sex. Hopefully it won't kill him... it's been so long... besides, he has some friends with him... must remember to let some escape... very important, yes... 

Slowly and gracefully she walked -- perhaps almost stalked - up to the lone human. As she drew nearer the man involuntarily began to lower his gun arm. When she reached up to him, the gun was on the ground and he was straining his neck to look up at her tall sleek beauty. There was a dazed look across his face, his jaw was slack and flapping in wind and there was a slight child-like wonderment smile breaking out across his dry lips. Directly in front of his head, and either side of his eyes were the two most perfectly ripened and scented breasts he could imagine and he lowered his gaze to take them in. The fact that they were slightly furry was irrelevant and at this already early stage seemed entirely natural. Her pale golden skin under her light golden fur was the most exquisite thing he had ever witnessed and he wasn't even conscious that this might otherwise be a socially embarrassing moment with an alien ambassador. Her nipples were like bullets and all he could think of was to take them in his empty mouth. At the end of each nipple was perched an almost gravity-defying drop of thick, creamy milk. Yet despite the visual overload it was her smell that had him in her thrall. Below his rather large belly, his penis had already swelled to the hardest he had ever known it and it was now beginning to pulsate and jerk up and down. All he knew was that he had to take his trousers off soon before something broke. 

Behind the police cars his colleagues were standing rock still. Seebu's scent had reached them well before her victim's poor sense of smell was engulfed. Each of the men ached to be touched by this mesmerically beautiful alien being and yet remained completely incapacitated. To a man, they stood to absolute attention, waiting only for their inevitable release. 

Chapter Three 

The policeman's heart was racing fast as adrenalin pumped unhindered through his rigid form. He was shaking but was unable to move. Indeed, he was unwilling to move and then a sweet warmth flooded his senses from within. It felt almost post-orgasmic and his cheeks begin to burn. Slowly, almost hypnotically, he pushed his head forwards and released his tongue to draw in the milk from the stiff bullet alien nipples. She diplomatically shifted her body slightly to push her full breast to his mouth, which he gratefully received and clamped his mouth around. Her smell was intoxicating and he felt himself growing weaker and weaker in her presence. As the warm and incredibly sweet milk flowed from her jutting nipple across his tongue his mouth exploded into what felt like flames. But these flames were the searing heat of purifying need and not of harm. His mouth needed her breast milk in order to purge his bodily impurities. He suckled hard against her wonderous and enormous nipple in an attempt to sate his body but this just drew the milk down into his throat, to his chest and then stomach. All the way down his body exploded into inner-flame and his mind succumbed to the single need of her milk and nothing else. This was his entire life now; his consciousness become single-pointed and directed at taking her milk - all her milk. For the first time in all of his forty years, he felt at true peace, like a child reborn. Salty tears of relief and release began falling from his eyes, across his freckled face and slowly melted away the last traces of a hastily eaten doughnut. 

Suddenly, an amber-warm voice filled his mind with a sing-song caress: 

"Beloved, now you must honour your Mistress Seebu, first with your mouth and then with your seed. You are mine... Joseph Hanrahan... and I am your life, forever more." 

Joe immediately dropped to his knees and tilted his head upwards, gazing in utter adoration at this woman, this angel, this goddess and reason for his whole being. There were frenzied, lust-fuelled fireworks exploding inside his body and yet simultaneously he was in agony at the loss of physical contact with her. Seebu slowly adjusted her legs and then gracefully-yet-firmly pressed her oozing wide and deeply musky vaginal lips against his smaller gaping mouth. She then shifted a little of her weight upon him, forcing him into a more befittingly subservient position. 

The smell of her vagina between those muscular wet-matted legs blew Joe's mind into tiny pieces. His body began to vibrate with sexual tension and precum freely oozed from his cock, wetting his trousers. Inside, he felt incredibly relaxed and sensitised to both himself and his Mistress. For the first time in his existence on Earth, he could feel energy flowing throughout his meridian points. His consciousness plateaued and it felt like his head had exploded sideways - spreading one mile to the left and one to the right - and right there in the centre, was the tiny and yet vast dot called Joe. 

He licked for his life. He licked for his Mistress. He licked as deeply as he could into her chasm-like vagina to take in her dark sticky fluids, pressing his nose against her engorged, nail-hard and throbbing clitoris, breathing in pure ecstasy. Animal like, he thrashed his head wildly from side-to-side, coating his skin with her nectar. His freshly wetted face felt like it had peeled off in flame, the heat was so fierce and yet there was no suffering, only an even greater relaxation and increased sensitivity. Her sticky liquids coated his mouth and he greedily drank her down, feeling it passing through his body in a way he previously could never have known nor appreciated. It seemed to take an eternity to travel into the pit of his stomach and then his bloodstream, yet his awareness followed it all the way, mentally screaming in ecstatic bliss. His heart erupted into transcendental flame, sending pulses of incredible pleasure throughout his system. He should have exploded into an insane spurting orgasm but the effects of Seebu's body fluids held his release in check, whilst all around he was engulfed in spiraling waves of bliss upon bliss upon bliss. 

Seebu grabbed his head roughly and forcefully pushed and pulled him up and down her clitoris, his face and nose pressing hard against her, within her. She was his Mistress and he was just a means for her pleasure and -- hopefully -- her ecstatic impregnation. Her breaths were beginning to shorten and she began to moan out load. A deep, gutteral, animalistic moan-like wail that commanded absolute attention and obedience. At the sound of this his mind blanked and his body crumpled to the ground in a sprawling heap. In the distance, behind the cars and flashing lights, there were several soft thuds. A panicked dog in the distance broke free and sprinted away, as far and fast as its small legs could carry it. 

Seebu's fingernails extended into small claws and she cut away Joe's trousers and sliced down the length of his jacket, exposing his body armour and shirt. She rolled her eyeballs at the sight of the armour and then deftley prised open his jacket so she could slit the side straps. Once she had removed everything from his bulging upper body, she whipped off his trousers and underwear. She looked his form up and down and found him attractive enough. His penis looked adequate and serviceable, given the overall small human form. And that's when the smell of his penis grazed against her senses, jolting her head back in shock. She breathed again to better taste his scent and something stirred inside of her, something hitherto unknown. Deftly, she scraped a claw across the tip of his penis, relieving Joe of his gathering precum, and deposited it upon her tongue. She closed her eyes and savoured the experience, which... was... exquisite... 

Minutes later she flicked open her large eyes and brought her mind back into focus. She had no thoughts, just pure astonishment. She had never had that experience before, in all the planets the Domu had subjugated. Her tongue felt more alive than it had ever been and her mouth was gently tingling. She looked at Joe's cock and then at Joe. He had since awoken but was just staring up at her in complete adoration, subservience and - she could see it now - pure love. She knew that his bonding was complete, which was unusually rare for males prior to their extended ejaculation experience. Momentarily she weighed up her growing desire to take his penis in her mouth and drink him to exhaustion against the biological necessity to harvest his semen. Biology won out but only because she knew there were several other humans across from her, where she could alternate between fucking them and milking them. 

She shifted her attention back to Joe and placed herself above him. She hunkered down and rested her vagina just above his rigidly pulsating penis, bringing her face to meet his and splaying her hands out either side on the tarmac. Her back was arched in a cat-like way whilst her tail found it's way beneath his balls, stroking them in passing before pushing inside his loose arse muscles and up against the nub of his prostate. Joe, already in a state of orgasmic bliss finally began to become aware of the impending gearshift into 'second.' 

Seebu pushed her face into Joes. Her full, wide lips pressed against his lips, consuming them. She parted his teeth with her tongue and pushed it deep into his mouth. Joe found himself becoming impossibly excited and yet even more relaxed, with any residue of tension in his previously life weary and knotted body being released forever. He found Seebu's tongue prickly and grating against his own smaller and rather inadequate one, to the point where he could taste his own blood. Yet any pain that he would have normally felt just added to the melting torrent of pleasure crescendoing throughout his body. Her saliva began dripping into the back of his throat and mingled with his blood. It felt like a balm that he had waited his entire life for and he began to cry again, choking from the bottomless well of unbreakable love that he felt for his eternal Mistress. 

Seebu slid her oozing wet and sticky-slimy cunt over Joe's slick rigid cock in a single downward thrust. As healthily proportioned and hyper engorged as Joe's cock was, it was somewhat lost inside the huge majesty of her alien fuck hole. Seebu was disappointed with the size differential so focused for a moment on constricting her vaginal muscles, which slowly reached out to press against his engulfed manhood. When she had created sufficient pressure within, she began a rapid but short-stroked pumping motion. Her tail, which was still pressed up against his prostate began to make tiny circular motions against the nerve cluster which served to further stiffen Joe's already improbably stiff cock. Joe shifted into second for the first time and felt a tsunami-like wave building deep inside his abdomen. His whole body began to electrify and rivulets of sweat poured forth from his nakedness. He groaned loudly, for the first time being able to make any meaningful sound whatsoever and yet there was still no tension within his body. He was completely relaxed and a corner of his mind realised that with total body relaxation comes total body orgasm abd ge no longer felt the reactive compulsion to tense up or snatch at pleasure. 

Seebu felt his hard cock pushing into her as she thrust down but the feeling was heighted in a way she had never previously experienced. Her vagina felt like it was on fire from his precum and concern was dawning on her as to what would happen once she allowed him to cum into her depths. But before she could deal with that worry, she needed to fuck him good, fuck him hard and then, if he survived, fuck him again for good measure. 

She began to purr in quick short bursts for the first time as her rhythmic thrusting released aeons of pent up frustration from within her core being. Lengthening her thrusts now, she began pounding Joe's cock and to her delicious shock, she felt her breast milk streaming uncontrollably from her swollen tits. Somewhere in her sexual haze she noted that this was 'new' but it wasn't important enough as she had to fuck him, fuck him and frantically fuck him again before anything else could occur. 

Joe's tsunami bliss-wave reached new heights with Seebu's harder, faster, deeper thrusts, coupled with her firmer tail pressure against his fizzing prostate. Within the spaced-out realm of his euphoric consciousness, the prostate massage was atom-splittingly intense, but without being able to release the 'bang' it just brought him to ever increasing levels of pleasure. Suddenly his body shifted into third gear. He wasn't expecting a third gear; it came out of nowhere. Simultaneously across all of his nerve centres, he felt multiple bliss-waves building and radiating outwards. He should have come wildly many... days? years? before by now, but the alien chemistry was blocking him from doing so. At any moment, he dimly thought in the recesses of his mind, my heart is going to give out. 

Joe began gasping for breath and momentarily his lips broke the bond with Seebu's mouth. Even in Seebu's own haze of ecstatic thrusting and cunting pleasure, her body reacted in automatic fashion, bringing her right hand away from the tarmac, swiftly running her sharp claws over Joe's upper chest, drawing six deep and parallel lines of blood. In the same movement she moved her swollen breasts against his skin, staining her golden fur with the redness of his freshly cut blood. Her twin spurting streams of milk blended thick and fast with his bloody wounds, instantly congealing and stopping the blood flow. 
