 I was busy for the next couple of days, working for clients and attending auctions, but Roz was always on my mind, I hoped everything was alright with her.

I was just getting ready to drive back to the forest when my doorbell rang. I opened it to see two people standing there, a man and a woman, both looked to be in their early thirties. The woman waved a warrant card at me.

"Mr. Dixon?" She asked, "D.S. Straw, Marfield police and this is D.C. Hill."

"Yes," I replied, "I am Jim Dixon, what can I do for you?"

" Mrs. Rosalind Steward has been reported missing, you may have been the last person to have seen her. We were wondering if you knew where she was?"

'Well, that is one side effect I had not thought of,' I thought to myself.

"No," I lied, "we went out to dinner a couple of nights ago and that was the last time I saw her."

"Would you mind if we came in for a look around?"

"Not at all, be my guests."

They entered my house and wandered around a bit, obviously trying to get an idea of my character. Straw picked up a book.

"You into all this wizards and dragons and stuff then?" She asked.

"Let's just say I have an open mind," I replied.

"Mrs. Steward was quite a fan it seems," said Hill as he opened one of my stamp albums, "lots of books on that sort of thing."

"I had only just met her," I told them.

"Well," said Straw, "that will be all for now, but if you do hear from her, please get in touch. I will leave you my card."

Straw put a small card on my coffee table and I showed them to the door. I watched them walk out of my driveway and closed the door.

It took three hours to get to the forest but it seemed longer, I wanted to get Roz and show her to the police, I felt uneasy about being a suspect in a missing person's case.

I left my car in the same place as before and walked to the oak. I stepped in as before, turned, counted and stepped back out.

I had carried a small mirror in my hand when I went into the oak, I wanted to be able to see what I looked like when I emerged on the other side. I held it at arms length and could see that I was a small, pointy-featured, man-like being that was totally red in colour.

"Oh fuck!" I said aloud, "I'm a fucking imp again!"

I heard a noise and span around, someone appeared from the oak, a woman. She took a couple of paces forward and looked around. She looked herself up and down and then she turned as a man came stumbling out of the oak.

"Rob?" The woman said, "is that you?"

"Sarge?" The man replied.

It was the two cops, they must have followed me all the way to the forest and into the oak.

"Jesus Christ!" Exclaimed Hill, pointing at me, "look at that!"

"Don't be alarmed," I said to them, "it's me, Jim Dixon. We are now in some sort of alternate world. Roz Steward is here and I will take you to her to prove that she is o.k."

"what are you?" Asked Straw.

"An imp."

"What about me?"

I handed her my little mirror so she could see herself. She had turned into an athletic looking young woman with long flowing red hair. She was dressed in a leather tunic and tight fitting cloth breeches. She had a bow and quiver slung over her shoulder.

"A huntress," she said with a smile, "how apt."

"And me?" Asked Hill.

He looked younger too, not as tall as he had been and was dressed a little shabbier.

"My assistant, as usual," said Straw.

"At least he's human," I said.

"Right then," said Straw, "take us to Mrs. Steward and show us that she is safe and sound."

I led them through the forest to the big house where Estella and her nephew lived, hoping that they could point us in the direction of the lady Esme, whose body Roz was inhabiting. I explained the situation and Straw was ready to believe anything by now.

Estella came out and greeted us, at least she greeted Straw anyway.

"Good day madam," she said to Straw, "what brings you to my house?"

"My name is Nina Straw and I seek the lady Esme, is she here with you?"

"No, she should be at home with her husband. Tell me madam, why are you in the company of an imp? They are foul creatures that cause mischief and bring bad luck."

"He is my tracker, he helps me root out wild boar and the like."

'Nice one,' I thought, 'should stop Joe chopping me up with his sword.'

"The weather is closing in," said Estella, looking at Hill and licking her lips, "it may be for the best if you and your squire stop here for the night."

"That is kind," said Straw, "what about my imp?"

"Lottie!" Shouted Estella.

A few seconds later the lovely young pixie I had met when I had been Percy appeared at Estella's side.

"Yes my lady?" She enquired of her mistress.

"Show that foul creature to the barn," Estella told her, pointing at me, "he can sleep there."

Lottie smiled as she beckoned me to follow her. I looked over my shoulder to see Straw and Hill go into the house with Estella.

"You're Ivan, aren't you?" Lottie said to me, "Ian's friend."

"Er, yes."

"I'm Lottie, and I know all about you."

Lottie smiled at me and skipped into the barn, I followed.

"What do you know about me?" I asked.

"I overheard Esme Fugg telling Rosie the maid about when Ian won her for the night and shared her with you and two other imps."

"Really!?"

"Yes."

I became very excited at the thought of having had sex with the beautiful blonde whose body Roz was inhabiting.

"Would you like to show me what you did to her?" Lottie asked as she looked into my eyes.

"Well," I replied, "it started like this."

I went over to the pink-haired pixie and shoved her onto the bed of hay that was spread on the barn floor. I ran my spindly little fingers over the soft flesh of her legs, moving upwards under the hem of her short dress to her warm thighs.

"Mmm," she murmured as my fingers got closer to her pink gossamer panties.

I took hold of her panties and pulled them down, I let out a sigh as I looked upon the cutest little pink bush at the top of her legs and my mouth began to water as I saw two little pink piss-flaps just showing from the slit in her body.

"Did lady Esme mind you taking her panties down?" Lottie asked me.

"She wanted me to," I replied, "because she knew I was going to do this."

With that, I put my face to that lovely pixie cunt and began to lick at that slit and those little pink piss-flaps.

"Ooooh!" Cried Lottie as I licked her out.

"Mmmm," I mumbled as the sweetest tasting liquid began to flow from inside of her, running over my tongue and onto my chin.

I lapped at her juice like a cat laps up milk from a saucer and then I started to flick at her clitoris with the tip of my pointy tongue.

"Oh yes,yes,yes," she moaned as I brought her ever closer to climax.

I worked on her clit for a minute or so then I heard her begin to squeal like a little piglet and felt her thighs clamp my head as she had her orgasm.

"I thought you were going to suffocate me," I said as I pulled my head from between her quivering thighs.

"Oh my goodness!" She cried, "that was so nice!"

Before she had time to compose herself I pulled my breeches to my knees and got in between her legs. I positioned my stiff little cock at her entrance and shoved it inside her.

"Ooh!" She exclaimed as she felt me fill her.

"Aaah," I moaned as I felt her hot wet flesh envelope my cock.

I stared into her eyes as I thrust myself in and out of her, she stared back at me.

"Oh you are fantastic," I told her, "a beautiful, amazing, lovely woman."

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," was all she said in response.

I suppose it was less than a minute before I felt my cock throb and send jets of scalding semen shooting out and into the beauty beneath me. Her eyes widened as she felt her body receive my hot load.

"It's true then," she said to me.

"What is?"

"Imp balls carry a large load."

I smiled as I felt the last of my spunk leave my cock and it begin to soften, then I climbed from between her legs and sat on the hay next to her.

"Thank you," I said to her.

"It was nice, wasn't it?" She replied, "and you are quite good with your tongue."

"Will you stay here with me?" I asked.

"Why don't you come to the house and we can see what your mistress and her squire are up to," She replied.

"Estella won't like that."

"She won't know, will she? You imps are supposed to be good at hiding in nooks and crannies and not being seen. Come on, it'll be fun!"

Lottie slipped her pink gossamer panties back up her slender legs and over her cute little pussy. I could see the material darken where my spunk and her cunt juice which was dribbling out of her soaked into it. She giggled when she noticed me staring at her.

"Don't stare, you'll make me feel embarrassed," she laughed.

'I don't think anything would embarrass you, Lottie,' I thought to myself.

She got up from the hay, brushed herself down and went towards the door. I followed, lacing my breeches up as I did so.

We sneaked into the house and crept through the open door which led to the large living room. Joe, Toby and Nina were sitting in front of the roaring fire laughing and chatting. Lottie went over to them to distract them. I crouched behind a large wooden chest to one side of the room and watched.

"Do you need anything?" Lottie enquired.

"No thank you," answered Joe, "you go off to bed."

Lottie turned and left, smiling at me as she closed the door behind her.

"Do you know lady Esme well?" Toby asked Nina.

"Not really well," she answered, "but I would like to see her."

"It's just we were wondering if you might compare notes about us," said Joe.

"How do you mean?"

"Like who is the better kisser."

"Mmm, well perhaps you had better kiss me and let me decide."

Nina slid off her chair and onto the large bearskin rug in front of the fire. She lay on her back and Toby knelt beside her. He leaned forward and put his lips to hers. I felt my empty sacs tingle as I watched the young man snog the flame-haired huntress.

"That was nice," said Nina as Toby pulled his mouth away from hers, "now you Joe."

Joe knelt beside her and Toby stood up. I watched as he started to undress while his friend kissed Nina forcefully on her mouth.

"Very good Joe," Nina said as he pulled away, "now let me see which of you has the bigger cock."

'Oh detective sargeant!' I thought, 'you dirty bitch!'

Toby was already naked by the time Joe had his breeches down and Nina sat up and looked at the semi-rigid members in front of her.

"They both seem very nice specimens," she told the young men, "now let's see how good you are with your tongues."

Nina lay back, lifted her hips and wriggled her breeches down. Toby and Joe each picked up one of her feet, pulled her boots off and then pulled her breeches off. I could see her white satin panties which made my balls go all fuzzy.

Nina wriggled her panties down and the naked Toby got down between her outspread legs. She let out a soft moan as he put his mouth to her pussy.

"Mmmm, lovely," she said as she received his tongue in her snatch.

"That's it Toby," said Joe, "make her nice and wet for me."

My little cock had stiffened again and I gently unlaced my breeches and got it out.

"Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck yes!" Cried Nina as she became more and more aroused by the tongue flicking her clitoris.

"She's on her way," said Joe, "not much further."

Nina's body started to twitch and roll as she came hard, her head rolled from side to side and she grabbed hold of the bearskin with her fingers.

"Aaaaargh!" She screamed as she climaxed.

"Ready," said Toby as he came up from between her legs, wiping her juice from his mouth with the back of his hand.

Joe immediately got down on Nina and shoved his stiff cock inside her as far as it would go. He began thrusting in and out at a fast pace, obviously keen to shoot off in her as soon as he could.

"Oh my!" Cried Nina, "oh my!"

"Uuuuuh!" Moaned Joe as he came, "uh-uh-uh!"

"Now me," said Toby.

Joe climbed off of Nina and was replaced by his friend who fucked her in pretty much the same way, thrusting quickly and forcefully. I started to wank fast, keeping time with Toby's thrusts.

"Oh YEEESSSSSS!" Shouted Nina as the fucking she was receiving brought her to orgasm for the second time that night.

"UH!" Cried Toby as he shot his load into her, his spunk mixing with his friend's mess and the copious amount of cunt-juice that had been produced by the horny copper in the huntress's body.

I had to work hard to stifle the cry that emanated from my lips as I shot off a load over the floor.

Joe,Toby and Nina lay together on the rug.

"Well, said Joe," who was better?"

"It was a tie," smiled Nina, "maybe after I have seen lady Esme I will come back and we can have a re-match."

"Toby," said Joe, "show our guest to her room and I shall lock up the house for the night."

After they had all gone to bed I sneaked back out to the barn and went to sleep.