 When I awoke Kat was still a beautiful young woman curled up asleep at the foot of my bunk. I slipped out of the bunk, dressed quietly and went up on deck.

"Good morning Percy," said Largo as I stepped onto the deck.

"On your own?" I asked.

"Yes. Ikabod sailed the boat all night and I have taken over while he catches up on his sleep."

Largo was steering the boat using the small wheel which was connected to the rudder.

"Tell me about your love," I said to him, "she must be very special to get you to search for her."

"She is the most beautiful elf in all the universe," he told me, "her name is Ashka and we are to be married."

"How did she fall into the clutches of the water bandits?"

"She was on her way to visit her cousins who run a tavern in a village in the forest when she was taken by road bandits who sold her to water bandits who in turn are likely to sell her to the trolls who mine sapphires in the east."

'I know some elf-girls who run a tavern in the forest,' I thought to myself, 'if she looks anything like them she is certainly worth rescuing from bandits.'

"Good morning," said Finn as he appeared on deck, "I have made breakfast."

He handed us each a bowl containing cereal and milk, together with a spoon. We both began to eat.

"Where's the dwarf?" Asked Finn.

"Oh he went to look for Percy," said Largo.

'Oh fuck!' I thought as I put my bowl down and headed for the deck hatch.

"Tell him breakfast is ready," Finn called after me as I hurried down the ladder to the hold.

I reached my cabin and stopped. I could hear mewing sounds coming from within. I gently opened the door and peered in. My balls started to tingle when I saw what was happening.

Kat was laying on her right side, facing away from me. Her left leg was sticking up in the air and her tail was swishing gently, fanning the air behind her. Between her outspread legs was Rustic, his face buried in her tabby muff, snuffling sounds coming from his mouth.

"Oh I am so glad my master told you that you could have me," she said as the dirty dwarf ate the pussy's pussy.

"Mmmph, mmmph, mmph," was the sound made by Rustic in reply.

I watched Rustic work on Kat for a minute or so, my cock stiffening and my balls fuzzing. Kat threw her head back and miaowed loudly as she orgasmed. I watched her ass cheeks tremble and her tail lash the air as she came strongly.

"I want your cock inside me," she said to Rustic.

The dwarf pulled his breeches to his knees, slid off the bunk, pulled Kat to the side of the bunk, stood behind her and got into position.

"Ready?" he asked, holding her tail out of his way.

"Yes," she replied, and then, "Oooh," as Rustic's cock penetrated her.

"Your cunt is so warm and so wet," he told her as he began to thrust his stiff cock in and out of her, "it feels so nice being inside you."

"Fuck me, fuck me hard," she told him.

Rustic increased both the speed and the strength of his thrusts and the bunk began to shake as he rammed all he had up the willing Kat. I watched, growing increasingly jealous of the dwarf.

"Miaow!" Cried Kat as the fucking she was getting made her come again.

"Oh!" Cried Rustic, stopping his frenzied thrusting to enjoy the feeling of his cock squirting his semen into Kat.

"I can feel you coming in me," she told him as she finished coming.

"By the goblin god's hairy bollocks, that was nice," said Rustic as he pulled out of her, having finished coming as well.

"Ahem!" I cleared my throat as I opened the door wider and walked in on them.

"Good morning master," said Kat, looking over her shoulder at me, "I have done as you wanted."

"And what was that?"

"Why, let the dwarf have me."

"So he told you that was what I said, that he could have you."

"Yes."

I looked at Rustic, who looked down at the floor as he pulled his breeches back up.

"Well, it's done now," I said.

Rustic looked up, smiled at me and mouthed the word 'thanks'. I smiled at him and shook my head.

"I am hungry," said Kat, "when is breakfast?"

I went back up on deck and spoke to Largo.

"Did you bring any clothes for Ashka to wear after you have rescued her?" I asked.

"Yes," he replied, "Why?"

"Well, you know that cat the wizard lent us."

The robes and dresses that Largo had brought were all too long and a little tight for Kat and the only things that would fit her were a pair of grey satin panties, but her tail got in the way.

"She can wear this," said Largo handing me one of his shirts.

I took it to her and she slipped it on. It was a little long and a bit baggy so she put a narrow leather belt around it to pull it into her waist. Once dressed, she followed me up on deck.

"Oh wow!" Said Finn when he saw her.

"Good morning Finn," she purred when she saw him, "you look nice this morning."

Finn put a sardine on a plate and put it on the deck. Kat got on her hands and knees, put her head down and began to eat it. Her tail poked out from the shirt and waved gently, showing her pleasure at being fed.

"A wizard's cat," said Finn, "I've heard about them, but have never seen one in real life."

"They are not cats," put in Largo, "they are women who have been transformed into cats by a wizard's spell."

'That makes me feel a lot better about wanting to fuck her then,' I thought to myself.

"Will she ever lose the tail?" Asked Finn.

"Perhaps, if the spell is broken," answered Largo.

Kat finished her food, stood up, stretched and undid her belt. She slipped the shirt over her head and jumped over the side of the boat and into the water.

"Real cats don't like water," said Largo as we watched her swimming around.

I noticed that we were in a lagoon and not far from a beach. The water was calm and the sun was up, in all it looked to be a beautiful day. The water was clear and not at all deep, I could see fish swimming about, they looked tropical to me.

"Finn!" Kat shouted from the water, "swim with me."

He did not need to be asked twice, in a flash he had torn off his clothes and dived over the side. The rest of us looked on as the two of them frolicked in the water.

"He is so gonna fuck her," said Ikabod, who had appeared at largo's side.

"Yes," said Rustic, "let's watch him do it."

A few yards from the boat was a sand bar where the water was quite shallow. Finn stood on it, his shoulders sticking out of the water. Kat swam over to him, wrapped her arms around his shoulders and her legs around his waist. We watched as she threw her head back and let out a loud miaow and Finn let out a moan of passion.

"He's inside her," said Ikabod.

"Yeah, right inside her," agreed Rustic.

We stood at the side of the boat and watched them fuck, Kat bouncing up and down on Finn's cock, causing small waves in the otherwise still water. I glanced to my right to see all three of my companions had their cocks in their hands and were gently rubbing themselves. I unlaced my breeches and joined in.

Kat's movement in the water became more animated and Finn started shaking his head from side to side.

"They're nearly there," said Largo, who was wanking quite quickly by now, "and so am I."

As was Ikabod who grunted and ejaculated over the side and into the clear blue water.

"MIAOWWWWW!" Shouted Kat, throwing her head back and digging her nails into Finn's shoulders.

"OH FUCK! OH FUCK!" Shouted Finn as he started to both come inside her and bleed from the wounds she had inflicted on him.

"Goblins!" Cried Rustic as he shot his load over the side.

"Mmmph!" Went Largo as he did the same.

"Oh!" I said aloud as I shot off my load into the water as well.

Kat let go of Finn and swam back to the boat. Finn stood and looked at the blood trickling down his damaged shoulders.

"Try and get the boat closer to the shore," Largo told Ikabod, "we can see if there is any sign of the bandits."

I put my hand out, Kat took hold of it and I pulled her aboard.

"I never told you to let Finn have you," I said to her.

"I had him because I wanted to," she replied, "I hope you didn't mind master."

"No, I didn't mind," I told her as I stroked her cheek, "I shall find something to dry you."

"I can dry off by laying in the sun," she said as she turned towards the bow.

"Oh fuck, look at that ass," said Rustic as we watched her walk away from us, her tail flicking drops of water from itself.

Ikabod managed to navigate the boat close to the shore and we jumped overboard and waded ashore. Finn had already reached the beach and was sitting on the sand nursing his wounds.

"She's hurt you," I said to him.

"Oh it was worth it," he replied, smiling, "she can do this to me any time she likes."

Largo threw him his breeches and he put them on.

"We should split up and search for signs of life," Largo told us, "we will meet back here in an hour or so."

I left the beach and went into the woods which were in front of me. The sand gave way to soil and the vegetation was quick thick. There were ferns and trees and even some nice flowers, but no sign of human habitation. It was quite warm and I felt at ease.

I came to what looked to be a clearing. Some trees had been felled, their stumps making seats for someone to sit on. Near the tree stumps were the remnants of a small wood fire. I was about to return to the beach to tell the others when everything went black.

"Oh fuck my head hurts," I said as I regained consciousness.

I rubbed where it hurt as I focused my eyes. I was in what seemed to be a wooden shed, about ten feet square. In the far corner was a young woman who looked very sad.

"Ashka?" I asked.

"Yes!" She replied, "how do you know me?"

"I have come with Largo, to rescue you."

"Oh thank God," she said softly.

"What did you say?" I asked.

"Thank the gods," she replied.

"No you didn't, you said thank God. Do you know somebody called Roz?"

She got onto her hands and knees and shuffled over to me. She stared into my eyes.

"Who are you?" She asked.

"My name is Jim, Jim Dixon."

"Oh Jim!" She cried as she put her arms around me, "I want to go home!"