 Ivan laughed as he ran off through the woods, he had enjoyed getting the young human to spend the night with the orc's sister and Orgun had paid him in gold coin for arranging the 'match'.

'I suppose I should go back and pay Cook for the stew,' he thought to himself, 'I shall visit Marlock and get some more of that potion.'

Ivan headed of in the direction of the wizard's house.

But what of the huntress?

Amber Locks staggered around in a daze. She was disorientated and feeling a little sick.

"What happened to me?" She asked aloud, "it was as if someone or something had possessed me."

As her head began to clear Amber found herself at the side of the track which passed through the wild wood. She saw a sled being pulled by four reindeer approach, it stopped next to where she was standing.

The sled was driven by an old dwarf in a green pointy hat, a white tunic and tan coloured breeches with polished matching leather boots.

'This is posh,' Amber thought to herself.

"Hello," came a voice from the rear of the sled, "would you like a ride into town?"

Amber looked to see a young woman in a white fur cloak sitting there.

'Goodness!' Amber thought, 'the princess Rebekka!'

Rebekka lifted the fur blanket that was covering her and patted the seat next to her, inviting Amber to board the sled, which she did.

"Thank you, your royal highness," Amber said to Rebekka.

"Oh just call me Becky," replied the princess.

"I am called Amber Locks," Amber told her, "on account of my red hair."

"How very apt," laughed Rebekka, "and what is your reason for being out in the woods in the snow?"

"I am a huntress and have been searching the woods for meat."

"Well, I think you should take a rest from that and come home with me," said Rebekka. She called to the dwarf, "drive on Angus!"

The sled sped away towards the town and the king's palace.

As they went along, Amber noticed how closely she and Rebekka were sitting. She tried to inch away from the princess as a show of respect.

"What's the matter?" Asked Rebekka, "don't you like me?"

"Oh no your highness!" Said Amber, "it's just that I am not worthy of touching your noble self."

"Oh don't be silly," said Rebekka, putting her hand on Amber's thigh, "we need to be next to each other to keep warm."

Amber moved back so she and Rebekka were sat close, their legs and shoulders touching.

"That's better," said Rebekka as she gently rubbed Amber's thigh under the fur blanket.

'By the Gods!' thought Angus to himself, 'there's gonna be some fur pie eaten this night!'

In a short time the sled passed through the gates to the royal palace and stopped outside of the big front doors.

"Will you come in for tea?" Rebekka asked.

"How could I refuse a royal request?" Replied Amber, feeling a little excited at being invited in for tea by the princess.

Rebekka led Amber through the royal entrance hall, shedding her long fur cloak as she walked, allowing it to fall to the floor to be picked up by a footman who held it surreptitiously to his face and inhaled the scent of the young royal beauty.

Amber became a little aroused as she followed Rebekka up the royal staircase, watching her exquisitely proportioned body and her long flowing blonde hair.

"Send tea and cake to my apartments!" Rebekka called as she ascended the stone stairs.

Rebekka opened a door and showed Amber into a large room. Amber looked around, there was a roaring fire to one side of the room, a dressing table and chair to the other and a very large bed in the middle. There was a door at the opposite end of the room which opened and a young woman, probably the same age as the princess, came through it.

"You're back!" The young woman said excitedly as she approached Rebekka, and then, "who is this?"

"This is Amber," Rebekka replied, "she has come to tea," and then, "Amber, this is Ruby, my maid."

'And more besides,' Amber thought to herself, 'judging by her tone.'

"Hello Ruby," said Amber, smiling and putting out her hand.

"Hello Amber," said Ruby, ignoring Amber's hand, putting her arms around her, giving her a hug and whispering in her ear, "I am sure we shall make you very welcome."

Amber felt butterflies in her tummy at the sound of Ruby's whispered greeting.

"Now Amber," said Rebekka, "you must tell us all about your adventures in the woods. It must be very eventful, being a huntress."

And so, over a pot of crocus tea and walnut cake, Amber told her new friends about her experiences as a huntress.

"You must be very strong and very fit, chasing after wild animals and the like," Ruby said to Amber.

"Yes," put in Rebekka, "I expect that you have muscles. I am just a soft girl, but you must be toned and sinewy."

"I keep in shape," replied Amber, "but I like to think of myself as feminine too."

"Will you show us?" Asked Ruby.

"Show you what?"

"Your muscles," said Rebekka eagerly, "we want to see your muscles."

Amber rolled up her sleeve and flexed her arm, her biceps bulged slightly as she did so. Rebekka leaned forward and put her hand on it.

"ooh, that is firm," she said.

"Can I feel?" Asked Ruby.

Amber nodded and Ruby put her hand on Amber's arm and gave it a little squeeze. The two young women smiled at each other.

"I guess your leg muscles must be as firm," said Rebekka, "with all that chasing through the woods."

"Will you show us your leg muscles too?" Asked Ruby.

Amber stood up and unlaced her breeches. She lowered them to her ankles and struck a pose, firming her calf and thigh muscles. Rebekka and Ruby put their hands on Amber's leg. Amber felt the butterflies in her tummy flutter around hysterically when the princess and her maid touched her.

"I bet your tummy muscles are firm too," said Rebekka huskily, "will you show us your tummy?"

Amber was as keen to show them her body as they were to see it and she removed her tunic and undershirt quite quickly. She stood in front of them in her bra and panties with her breeches round her ankles. Ruby put her hand on Amber's tummy and caressed it softly.

"Isn't she beautiful Becky," she said to the princess, "do you think she will let us have her?"

Amber felt her insides melt at the sound of Ruby's words.

"Oh Ruby," said Rebekka as she touched Amber's panties, "she is getting wet."

Amber looked down to see that indeed a dark patch was forming on her cream coloured cotton panties.

Ruby stood behind Amber and undid her bra. Amber gave a sigh as her bra fell away to the floor, Ruby cupped her breasts in her hands and began to knead them gently. Rebekka took hold of Amber's panties and wriggled them down over her thighs, revealing Amber's ginger bush in all it's glory.

Amber lifted her feet in turn to allow Rebekka to pull off her boots, breeches and finally her panties. She stood, naked, as the other two ran their hands all over her body.

"Come and lay on my bed," Rebekka said to Amber a she took her by the hand and led her across the room.

Amber climbed onto the big soft bed and lay on her back. She instinctively opened her legs, Rebekka put her head between them and kissed her on her slit.

"Oh," sighed Amber, "oh my."

Rebekka licked Amber's cunt softly, wriggling the tip of her tongue between Amber's puffy outer lips and searching out her clitoris.

"Shall I get Morag's special potion?" Asked Ruby.

"Mmmmph," mumbled Rebekka, nodding as she did so.

Amber arched her back and let out a long moan of pleasure as the princess's tongue worked away on her clit. Rebekka smiled inwardly as she got Amber closer and closer to her climax.

"How many drops?" Asked Ruby as she tipped some liquid from a jar into a very small glass.

"Six," said Rebekka, coming up from between Amber's legs.

"Don't stop!" Cried Amber, grabbing hold of Rebekka's hair and pushing her head back down between her thighs.

"Oh Becky," said Ruby, "I do believe she is enjoying what you are doing to her."

"Oh my! Oh goodness! OH FUUUUUUCK!" Shouted Amber as she came, her body bucking, her arms pounding on the big soft bed.

Ruby tipped the contents of the small glass down her throat and stood, waiting. A few seconds late there was a wooshing sound and Ruby gave a little cough.

"Has it happened?" Asked Rebekka after she had extricated her head from between Amber's quivering legs.

"I think so," replied Ruby.

"Let me see," said Rebekka.

Ruby stripped off her clothes, revealing her beautiful young body with it's flawless nineteen-year-old skin, narrow waist and pert breasts. The anomaly was that sticking out of her brown bush was a seven inches of stiff penis with two balls of a decent size hanging below.

"Put it in her," said Rebekka.

Ruby climbed onto the bed and got herself in between Amber's outspreads legs. Amber had her eyes closed and was still coming down from the dizzy heights of her intense orgasm so she had no idea of what was about to happen. Her eyes opened wide and so did her mouth as she felt Ruby's stiff cock slip inside her dripping wet cunt.

"Oh Ruby! What is that!?" She cried as Ruby started to fuck her with deep forceful thrusts.

"We don't need men when we have Morag's special potion," said Rebekka, looking on, both lustfully and slightly enviously.

Amber began to push upwards as Ruby pushed down, the two young women finding a rhythm which gradually increased in tempo until they were both going at each other in a frenzy of fucking.

"Ruby! Ruby! Ruby! Ruby!" Shouted Amber, "ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah. Do me, do me, do me, do me!"

"Oh Amber," said Ruby, "I am coming, I am coming, I am comiiiiiiiiinngggggg!"

The two of them froze as they reached their climaxes simultaneously, their bodies spasmed slightly and then they both let out long groans of pure passion as Amber's vagina contracted repeatedly and Ruby's balls emptied themselves through her cock and into Amber.

"Oh that is lovely!" Cried Rebekka, bouncing up and down on the bed next to them and clapping her hands.

Ruby's body relaxed and she collapsed on top of the exhausted Amber, a big satisfied smile on her face. Amber put her arms around Ruby and squeezed her tightly to her. Rebekka slid off the bed and stripped off her clothes, having to peel off her panties, they were so wet with her juice.

"I want Amber to do it to me," she said to Ruby, "give her the drops."

"What?" Asked Amber, "you mean you want me to grow a penis?"

"It goes away after you have come," Ruby told her, "look, mine has gone."

Amber looked at Ruby. Sure enough, the cock and balls had disappeared. Ruby offered Amber the small glass which had a very small amount of liquid in it. Gingerly, Amber took it from her, held it to her lips, tipped her head back and poured the liquid down her throat. Whoosh! Amber felt a funny sensation below her tummy, looked down and low and behold, she had a rather large penis and two rather large balls instead of a clitoris.

"Put it in me, put it in me now!" Ordered Rebekka, "I am a princess and I want that cock inside me!"

Rebekka lay on her back on the bed, legs akimbo. Amber looked at Rebekka and felt an overwhelming wanting, nothing was going to stop her stuffing her new cock inside the beautiful young woman lying on the bed, nothing.

"Oh yes!" Cried Rebekka as Amber mounted her, slipping her cock up the princess to it's hilt.

"Oh yes!" Cried Amber as she felt her cock being squeezed by Rebekka's hot, tight, cunt.

Amber started to thrust frenetically, her only desire was to empty her balls as quickly as she could, she was desperate to come, to feel what a man feels when he comes.

"Oh fuck yes!" cried Rebekka, her own climax near, having been aroused so much by watching her maid fuck the huntress.

"OOOOH!" Cried Amber as she felt something strange, the spunk rising up her cock and preparing to exit.

"Oh!" Cried Rebekka as she felt her insides boil over, her vaginal walls contracting, squeezing the cock embedded deeply inside her.

"FUCK!" Shouted Amber as her cock throbbed repeatedly, sending a copious amount of spunk to fill Rebekka's cunt.

Amber and Rebekka looked into each other's eyes and smiled, they had made each other very happy.

Amber climbed off of Rebekka and the three young women lay on the bed, side by side with Amber in the middle. Rebekka and Ruby ran their hands over Amber's breasts, tummy and thighs. The huntress let them, she wanted them to.

Meanwhile, Ivan had gone back to Estella's house. He went to the kitchens to see Cook.

"I have come to keep my side of the bargain," Ivan said to the big fat sweaty chef, "any chance of some more of your lovely stew?"

"Fuck! Where did you spring from?" Shouted Cook, surprised by the sudden appearance of the red imp.

"Us imps have the ability to sneak around without being noticed," Ivan informed Cook, "now, about that stew."

"All in good time," said Cook, "now, how are you going to prove Rosie wrong?"

"Take lady Estella her supper," said Ivan, producing a phial containing some of the same red liquid that he had given Rob Hill, "and make sure she takes this potion whilst you are with her."

"Ah," said Cook, "a love potion, but they never work."

"I like to think of it as more of a fuck potion," said Ivan, smiling licentiously, "and this one does, believe me."

"Why have you brought it?" Asked Estella when Cook carried her supper into the dining room, "where is that lazy maid, Rosie?"

"I think she may be poorly," lied Cook, "and she does not want to give her illness to you my lady."

"Very well. Thank you for bringing my supper."

Cook placed the plate of food in front of Estella and a shot glass containing the red liquid next to it.

"What is this?" She asked.

"A condiment," Cook replied, "it will enhance the taste of the food greatly."

"You surprise me Cook," said Estella, "you are often heard to say that your food needs no accompaniment, it is of such high standard."

"Even a great chef can improve and can be improved upon," said Cook.

"Very well, I shall take it with my food. You may leave me now."

"I would very much like to stay and see if it meets with your approval my lady."

"If you must. Sit over there," said Estella pointing to a chair in the corner, "I would rather not have to see a big fat greasy man covered in food spillage while I am eating."

"Yes my lady."

Cook squeezed his big fat ass into a wooden armchair and sat, arms folded while Estella started to eat. Cook looked at her as she tucked into her food and he liked what he was looking at.

Estella had doubtless been a beautiful young woman and she had grown into a mature beauty. Her hips had become fuller, as had her breasts, but she had not gotten fat, she had blossomed into a full-bodied stunner. It was easy to see why she could have men much younger than her and why she would never look twice at a fat cook ten years her senior.

Estella tucked into her supper with relish, for Cook did indeed provide meals of the highest quality. Cook looked on with baited breath, waiting for her to take the potion.

Cook held his breath as Estella picked up the shot glass toward the end of her supper and emptied it down her throat.

"I know what it is," Estella said a minute or so later, looking across at Cook, "it's your grubby white apron, that's what it is. Take it off."

Cook squeezed out of the chair, stood up and removed the apron stretched about his waist.

"That's better," said Estella, still chewing on a piece of mutton, "now come over here."

Cook crossed the room and stood next to Estella.

"Open your mouth and lean over," she told him.

Cook leaned forward and opened his mouth. Estella picked up a piece of mutton with her fingers and popped it in. Cook chewed it and swallowed. As he did so Estella reached up, took hold of his tunic and pulled him to her. Cook opened his mouth and Estella opened hers. Two pairs of lips smeared with meat juice met and two tongues covered in meat juice wriggled around each other as the pair kissed passionately.

"I don't know what it is," said Estella huskily as she pulled her mouth away from his, "but I really want to reward you for making such a nice supper by fucking the balls off you."

"That would be nice," replied Cook.

The two of them hurriedly stripped off their clothes. Cook's penis became erect as soon as he took in the sight of the naked Estella and she became wet between her legs as soon as she beheld his erection.

Estella climbed onto the big dining table and lay on her back. She hooked her hands behind her knees and held her legs up and wide apart. Cook stood in front of her and positioned his cock at her entrance, then he shoved it in her.

"Oh yes, oh yes, fuck me," urged Estella as she felt Cook's cock slip inside her.

The fat bastard held his guts up with his hands to enable himself to get all of his cock in the beautiful woman on the table and then he began to thrust in and out with a steady rhythm, his balls bashing against the table top as he banged her.

"Oh this is nice," she told him, "you have such a lovely thick cock, it fills me perfectly."

"Oh lady Estella," were the only words Cook could say.

Cook's thrusting increased in tempo as he got closer to coming. Estella pulled her legs up as far as possible to ensure that she had every last millimetre of cock inside her, she had never had such a fucking as this.

"OOOOOOOOOHHHHH!" They cried as one when they came, her feeling her cunt pulse, clamping his thick cock inside her, he feeling his cock throb, sending a huge load of semen into her.

Cook withdrew, letting go of his guts which fell forward, hiding his now flaccid cock. Estella let her legs down, which drooped over the edge of the table, a small white river of cum ran out of her slit and onto the stone floor.

"There," Ivan said to Rosie as they peeked around the dining room door, "you were wrong."

"Cripes," said Rosie, "I never thought I would witness that coupling."

"You shall have to pay a forfeit," Ivan told her.

"What shall it be?" She asked.

"I don't know," said Ivan, rubbing his pointy little chin, "I shall have to think on that."

Estella dismissed Cook and went off to clean herself up. Ivan went back to the kitchen to await some more of Cook's delicious food. Rosie felt a little worried at what the imp might have 'cooked-up' for her.