 Although we seemed to be travelling slowly we covered quite a distance and before long we had nearly reached our destination.

"There it is," said Gretchen as we came over the brow of a hill, "Fishton."

I looked ahead and could see the village. I could also see many small boats, some with sails, some without. There were boats moored at a jetty, boats run aground on the beach and boats sailing away on the water. 

"Looks like a busy little place," I said to her.

"Yes, they catch a lot of fish. I will be carrying some to Colinston on my return journey."

I had no idea where that was, so I decided not to make a comment other than to say, "oh."

Gretchen drove us into the village and stopped outside of a large wooden building.

"This is where I make my delivery," she told me, "I shall load up with fish and be on my way. Will you come with me?"

"I will ask around to see if my friend has been here," I replied, "if no-one has seen him I think I might come back with you."

"Very well. Remember, I leave within the hour."

I kissed her on the lips and jumped down from the cart, she smiled and waved as I walked away.

I wandered through the market that was in progress in the village. There were stalls selling all sorts, but mostly fish and fishing related products. I came to a tavern and decided to go in and have a drink.

The tavern was empty bar an old man in a grey robe sitting nursing a jug of ale. I walked over to the bar and stood, waiting to be served.

"Lennie!" The old man shouted, "customer!"

A young man appeared. I was surprised to see that he had blue hair and pointy ears. I asked for a jug of ale. He supplied one. I paid him. I carried it to a small table, sat and took a sip.

"They serve good ale here," the old man said, "I like the ale here."

"Yes," I responded, "it is a fine ale."

"Werlock," the old man said, holding out his hand across the gap between our tables.

"Percy," I replied, taking his hand and shaking it.

"What brings you to our village?" He asked.

"I am looking for my friend, he was last seen in the company of a red imp."

Werlock sucked in his breath, "red imp you say? Little buggers those are, full of tricks. Probably sold your friend to an orc or a troll."

"Popular with witches though, so I am lead to believe."

"Yes. Drinking the seed of a red imp makes their spells stronger. Us wizards don't like it when witches' spells are as strong as ours."

'So, he's a wizard,' I thought to myself, 'I should have guessed by the long beard, the pointy nose and the long grey robe.'

"I don't suppose you have seen my friend then?"

"Nope."

Just then a young woman walked in, she looked a lot like Lottie, the pixie who lived at Estella's house, but instead of candy floss pink hair, dress and boots, she had pale blue hair, dress and boots. She smiled when she saw Werlock. She walked over and sat on his lap.

"Hello Lettie," he said, kissing her on her lips.

"Hello Werlock," she replied, putting her arm around his neck and snuggling up close to him.

"This is Percy," he said to her, pointing a bony old finger at me.

"Hello Percy," she said, smiling at me.

"Hello Lettie," I replied.

"Go and get me a refill," Werlock said to her.

Lettie slipped off of the wizard's lap and picked up the jug. He gave her a playful pat on her cute little ass as she walked away from his table.

"Probably the most beautiful thing the gods of the forest ever made, a blue pixie-girl," Werlock said as he watched her walk across the room, "she's just turned eighteen and she is as hot as they come."

"A friend of mine has a pixie at his house," I replied, "but she has pink hair."

"Ah yes," said Werlock, "the pink pixie is good natured, if a little clumsy and the green pixie makes a good servant, but the blue pixie, oh my."

"Can you elucidate?" I asked.

"Well my boy," the old man continued, "the blue pixie, male or female has two distinctive traits. The first is it's powerful sex drive and the second, which is even more powerful is it's avaricous nature."

"So they make good whores then."

"Indeed they do. Would you like a demonstration?"

I was intrigued, what form would the demonstration take?

"I think I would like that," I said to him.

Lettie brought Werlock his ale and set it on his table. The old man licked his lips and winked at me.

"Percy will pay you two groats if you take your panties down and show him your pussy," he said to the pixie.

"Money," she said to me, holding out her hand.

I undid my money pouch, took out two small bronze coins and put them in her hand. She put them in a little pocket in her short dress, reached under the hem, took hold of her panties and slid them down her slender legs to her ankles. She lifted her feet one at a time and stepped out of them.

"There," she said, lifting the hem of her dress, "do I look nice?"

My balls went all fuzzy as I gazed at the most beautiful pale blue pubic bush surrounding the cutest little slit with the sweetest little pink piss-flaps peeping out of it. All I could do was nod dumbly.

"Lennie!" Shouted Werlock, "come here."

The young man with the blue hair and pointy ears came out from behind the bar and walked over to our tables.

"Lennie here is Lettie's nineteen year old brother," Werlock told me, "you can see the resemblance, can't you."

"Yes," I agreed.

"My friend Percy," said Werlock, addressing the young pixies, "will pay one silver coin to watch you two fuck."

I excitedly pulled a silver coin from my pouch and laid it on the table. Lennie picked it up and put it in his pocket. Lettie climbed onto a larger table which was in the middle of the room, lay on her back with her legs dangling over the edge and waited.

"Pussy or ass?" Lennie asked.

"Pussy," replied Werlock.

Lennie unlaced his breeches and pulled his cock out. He gave it a rub and it stiffened. He stood in front of his sister and she hooked her hands behind her knees, lifting her legs up and apart. Lennie moved forward, held his cock at her slit and pushed.

"Ooooh!" Lettie moaned as she felt her brother fill her with his meat.

Lennie started to thrust, his cock disappearing completely inside Lettie, coming all the way out and then going all the way in again.

"See?" Said Werlock, "blue pixies will fuck anyone for money, even members of their own family."

"She seems to be enjoying it," I said as Lettie wrapped her legs around her brother's waist, pulling him into her when he thrust forward.

"Oh Lettie," moaned Lennie, "can I come inside you?"

"Yes," she replied eagerly, "come in me, fill me with your seed."

Lennie's thrusting increased in speed and force as he neared the end. Lettie arched her back and moaned loudly as she too got closer to her orgasm.

"Fuck me, fuck me!" She cried as her sibling's frenetic thrusting reached it's pinnacle.

"OH LETTIE!" Shouted Lennie as he stopped moving and shot his load into her.

"OOOOOOHHH!" Shrieked Lettie as she came, her body writhing and twitching.

"By the gods!" Exclaimed Werlock, "I never tire of watching these two."

"They do put on a good show," I croaked through a dry mouth.

Lennie finished putting his cum inside his sister and pulled out of her. Lettie took her legs from around his waist and let them dangle over the edge of the table, they both had satisfied smiles on their faces.

"Put your cock away and get master Percy another ale," Werlock said to Lennie, "before he loses his voice completely."

Lennie slipped his now flaccid penis back in his breeches and went over to the bar to get my drink. 

"Would you like to fuck her now?" The wizard asked me.

'Stupid question,' I thought to myself, 'with my cock trying to break out of my breeches.'

"If I pay you another silver coin, can I fuck you?" I asked Lettie.

"My pussy is full of my brother's cum," she replied, "would you like to do me in my ass?"

My heartbeat shot up by a hundred or more at the sound of her words.

"I would love to do you in your ass," I told her.

"Flip her over," said Werlock, "and let me put some of my special jelly on her."

I took hold of the pixie by her waist, lifted her off the table, span her over and put her back down. She put her feet on the floor and pushed her cute little ass towards me. Werlock took a small jar from a small bag which was on the floor next to his table, removed the top, put two bony fingers in and scooped out a small amount of a blue coloured jelly.

"Pull her cheeks apart," he told me as he came around to stand behind her.

I put my hands on the pixie's cute little ass cheeks and gently spread them revealing her cute little ring-piece. Werlock rubbed his gel-covered fingers over her hole and then gradually inserted them up her back passage.

"Oooh Werlock!" She cried as she felt the two bony digits plunder her bum, "you are stretching me."

I watched as the old pervert wriggled his fingers around in the young beauty, a licentious grin on his wrinkled old face. He withdrew them after a few seconds and turned to me.

"She should be ready for you now my boy," he said as he moved to the side of the table.

I put the tip of my engorged cock to her ass-hole and pushed, my cock slid inside her with ease as her anus opened up for it. It felt tight but rubbery and slippery, it felt wonderful!

"Oh fucking hell, this is nice," I said as I finished putting my length all the way inside the pixie's rear, "this is really fucking nice."

I gave little short thrusts, not pulling back far at all, wanting to keep all my cock buried as deeply as possible inside her. She moaned softly as she received me willingly. I put my hands on her shoulders and pulled myself against her, squashing her thighs between me and the table top.

I looked across to the side of the table to see Werlock pull his robe up, revealing his stiff white cock with it's big purple head sticking out from the grey forest that was his pubic bush at the base of his hairy grey little pot belly. The old wizard held his robe up with his left hand and used his free hand to take hold of Lettie's Right hand and wrap it around his cock. 

"Five groats," she said as her fingers encompassed the Wizard's stiff member.

"Yes," he hissed, "five groats, now do it."

As I buggered the pixie, she began to wank the old man off. She moved her hand slowly at first, squeezing his cock, forcing the blood to the very tip which was becoming a very dark shade of purple, then she picked up pace, her hand moving up and down his shaft quite quickly. Werlock groaned aloud and his hips began to thrust involuntarily as he got closer and closer to coming.

I came first, the feeling of the pixie's rectum squeezing my cock as I rammed myself up her was just too much. I let out a sound like a wounded animal and stood, frozen to the spot as my cum jetted out of my body and into hers.

"Oh my!" Were the only words that came from Lettie as she felt me shoot my huge load into her colon.

"Oh fuck!" Were the words that came from the wizard's mouth as he striped the table top with his huge load.

"That was a lot," said Lettie as she let go of Werlock's softening cock and I pulled my flaccid cock from her derriere, "from each of you."

I sat on a stool in a daze, my body felt empty, as if my very essence had been drained from me. I looked up at Werlock who smiled a wicked smile at me.

"Blue pixies eh?" He said as he picked up his jug of ale and downed it, "do anything for money."

"I am going to clean myself," said Lettie as she stood up from the table and started to walk away, "don't forget my groats Werlock."

"My friend Percy will take care of that," the wizard replied as he put down the empty jug and walked towards the door.

"Yes," I said hoarsely, "I will take care of that."

Lennie put a jug of ale in front of me. I picked it up and downed it. I handed him the money for the ale and the five groats for the wizard's handjob.

"I'll see that my sister gets it," he told me as he put it in his pocket.

I was still sitting on the stool recovering from he best fuck I had ever experienced when a dwarf walked into the tavern. I recognised him as the one I had seen that first day when I had stopped in the forest for a piss back in the real world. He didn't look happy, in fact he looked quite distressed. He walked across the room and stood at the bar.

"Ale!" He shouted.

Lennie produced a jug of ale. The dwarf paid, carried his drink to the table next to mine and sat down.

"Hello, I'm Percy," I said, holding out my hand.

"Rustic," he replied, taking it and giving it a perfunctory shake. 

"Bad day?" I asked.

"Bad fucking year," came the reply.

"Want to talk about it?"

"I owe a witch a lot of money. Problem is, whenever I get the money to pay her I get robbed."

"Robbed? Who by?"

"Fucking pixies."

"A strong chap like you, robbed by pixies? never."

"They take your money when your guard is down."

"When your breeches are down, more like," Lennie called across from the bar, "it is a well known fact that a dwarf can't resist a pixie girl."

"Yeah, whatever," said Rustic disconsolately, "the fact is that I owe the witch her money and I don't have it."

Just then the door opened and in walked a handsome young man accompanied by an imp. The man was tall and athletic with silver hair and pointy ears, his eyes were the brightest blue I had ever seen. The imp had skin the colour of porcelain.

"Ale!" Shouted the imp, "two jugs."

Lennie produced two jugs of ale. The imp paid and carried them to the table at which his companion had seated himself, put them down and sat opposite him. They started to drink in silence.

"They serve good ale here," I said to the young man, smiling at him.

"Yes my friend," he replied, "but I am not here solely for the ale."

"What then?" Asked Rustic, "do they do good pies as well?"

"I seek brave men to help me free my love from the evil water bandits who hold her captive on an island somewhere out there," he replied, jerking his thumb towards the sea.

"Will these brave men be well rewarded?" Asked Rustic.

"Yes."

"Then I volunteer to assist you," he said, standing up and trying to look tall.

"What about you?" The young man asked, turning to me, "you look to be a strong man and look as if you know how to use a sword."

"He knows how to use a pork sword," came a voice from behind me. It was Lettie.

At the sound of her voice my balls went fuzzy and my penis began to stir in my breeches. I felt her hand on my shoulder and then her lips close to my ear as she leaned over me and kissed me gently on my temple. I put my hand up and stroked her cheek.

"Oh fucking goblins!" Exclaimed Rustic, and then to Lettie, "how much?"

"How much have you got?" She asked in reply as she ran her hand over my chest and nuzzled my ear.

"Come on Ikabod," said the young man as he downed his ale and stood up, "we are wasting our time here."

"Hang on a minute," said the dwarf, "any chance of an advance on my reward?"

"Ha!" Said the imp, "the dwarf wants to buy the pixie's cunt for a minute or two but has not the coin! What say you Largo?"

The young man turned and looked at Rustic.

"If I buy the whore for you, will you come with me to look for my love?"

"Yes, I swear," he replied, nodding eagerly and salivating copiously.

"I will go with you as well," I said, "if you pay to let me watch."

The young man tossed a gold coin at Lettie, which she caught and looked at in wonder.

"Yes, it is elf-gold," he told her, "the most valuable of all gold. Let them do what they will with you."

"Watch them, join in with them if you like," he said to me as he and his companion walked towards the door, "just be at the jetty in one hour."

"Where is her bedroom?" Rustic asked Lennie.

Lennie pointed to a door, "up the stairs, second left."

Lettie was still gazing at the gold coin as Rustic took her by the wrist and led her away, I followed.

The dwarf stripped in double-quick time, ran across Lettie's bedroom and jumped onto her bed. He lay on his back, his cock standing up proudly from his body. I stood in the doorway and watched as Lettie climbed onto the bed, knelt between his outspread legs and lowered her head, taking his length in her mouth.

"Oh yes!" He cried as he put his right hand on the back of her head and pushed her down onto him.

Lettie made a sort of gargling sound as the head of the dwarf's cock must have touched the back of her throat. I closed the door behind me and made my way over to the bed, unbuttoning my tunic as I did so.

"By the gods she knows what to do," he said as Lettie bobbed her head up and down on him, "I shall fill her tummy with my spunk first and her cunt and ass later."

"Mmm, mmm, mm," came from Lettie.

"Oh," moaned Rustic, "I'm coming. I am coming. Aaaaah!"

I could see Lettie's throat moving as she swallowed time and again so as not to choke on the semen that was leaving Rustic's cock to splash around in her mouth.

Eventually he relaxed and lay still. I noticed that his eyes had glazed over and that he had a huge smile on his face.

"Dwarfs do that after they come," Lettie told me as she wiped the residue of Rustic's cum from her lips, "sort of go into a trance for a few seconds."

'Long enough to be robbed by a greedy pixie,' I thought to myself.

"Undress," I told her, "I want to see your body."

She climbed off the bed and stood with her back to me. I went to her and unbuttoned her dress. She wriggled her shoulders and it fell forward and down, revealing the flawless skin of her back. I could not resist bending forward and kissing her on her shoulder blades.

"You have soft lips," she told me.

I cast my eyes down as she pulled her panties down over her cute little ass cheeks and could not resist sliding my finger down the crack between them and forward towards her pussy.

"Unclip me" she said.

I undid the tiny copper hook and eye that held her bra together and slipped the straps from her shoulders. Her bra fell away from her body leaving her naked apart from her little blue soft pixie boots.

"Oh fucking Goblins bollocks!" Exclaimed Rustic who had awoken from his reverie in time to see the young pixie's body exposed to his gaze.

I leaned over her shoulder and looked down at the most beautiful pair of small pert boobs I had ever seen.

"Come here," Rustic ordered, "I want to taste that sweet pixie juice."

Lettie climbed back onto the bed, leaving me to take my own clothes off, which I did in a flash. Lettie lay on her back and spread her legs, Rustic got his head between her thighs, buried his face in her soft pale blue muff and began to chow down on her. Lettie let out a soft moan as the dwarf's tongue stimulated her clitoris and I was unable to stop myself rubbing my stiff cock as I looked on.

"Oh my!" Cried lettie as she writhed around on the bed.

"Num, num, num, num," was the sound that came from the dwarf as he ate cunt.

"Oh bollocks!" Was the exclamation that came from me as the sight of the young pixie being given oral service brought me to a premature ending.

"That was quick," laughed Lettie, looking over at me squirting my spunk all over her bedroom floor.

I looked away, sheepishly picked up my clothes and began to dress. Lettie got back to concentrating on having an orgasm.

Rustic worked on her for about another minute and then she let out a long moan of passion and stuck her legs in the air.

"Oh fuuuuucckkk!" She cried as she wriggled around on the bed and grabbed at the eiderdown with her cute little fingers.

Rustic came up from between her thighs after she had settled and wiped her juice from his mouth with his hand.

"Oh your juice is so sweet," he told her, "your pussy is so warm and your bush so soft."

"Yeah, whatever," she replied, "pussy or ass?"
