 Abby walked rapidly through the empty, dark corridor heading back toward the dance floor from the bathroom. She was fuming mad at herself, and beginning to feel nervous that people were staring at her. The voice whispered in her mind, "calm down, just blend in."

She understood what the voice really meant and pushed through her anxiety to will her body to shift to look exactly like the Japanese girl, Mika. Her height shrank down to a just over 5'. Her figure filled in, giving her a high, round ass, and her breasts lost some of their perk. Her skin durned a pale yellow, and her nipples and vulva shifted to a much darker flesh tone. Her hair became jet black, and perfectly straight. Her vision altered slightly as an epicanthic fold formed on her eye lids and her nasal bridge lowered. Her makeup shifted too, her lips turning hot pink, and a purple eye shadow her eyelids.

"That was almost too easy." Abby though as she walked onto the dance floor, a small smile creeping onto her face. She intended to walk to the exit, past the bouncer and look for a cab to hail but, as she was half way across the dance floor she felt a hand on her arm. Immediately her mind filled with the thoughts of the person who grabbed her. It was a short man, maybe 5' 7" wearing skinny jeans and a tight, collared shirt. His name was Jay. Abby spun to look at him when he started shouting over the music, "Are you already leaving? I thought you wanted to dance?" Abby sifted through his thoughts and realized this man knew Mika, and had been hitting on her most of the night.

"Sorry, I'm not feeling great." 

"Where'd your friend go? I was hoping to see you guys dance together!"

Abby paused briefly, thinking up a believable lie. "She's already outside waiting for me with a cab."

"Oh, okay, well can I at least get your number?"

Again, Abby paused, "Sorry, you're sweet, but I'm not really into men."

The man looked shocked. Abby knew why, Mika had made out and flirted with the man most of the night. Abby just needed to get out of the place. As she tried to think of another way to extract herself from the situation, the man began to have a puzzled look on his face as he looked down toward the floor.

"Did you change clothes?""

"CRAP!" thought Abby, as tried to free herself from Jay's grip. Behind Jay, she saw two security guys take off running toward the bathroom. Time was up, she needed to get out of here now. She took off toward the door slipping from Jay's grip, and climbed the stairs as quickly as she could.

She wanted to get as far away from the club as possible, as quickly as possible. Once outside, she hailed a cab, and told him her apartment address. As the cab sailed through lower Manhattan, heading for city hall and the Brooklyn Bridge, she mentally replayed what'd happened in the club bathroom.

At first, she was just having fun. She thought she could easily control the hunger, and for the first few minutes in the bathroom she had. She'd hoisted herself onto the bathroom counter and positioned the Japanese girl, who she now knew was really named Mika, between her thighs. Then, the red head, Mary, had started kissing Abby aggressively. Between Mika's deep probing of her pussy and massaging of her clit, and the kisses from Mary, Abby felt the beginnings of an orgasm. Simultaneously, the hunger began to assert itself in a way she hadn't predicted. Her pupils didn't blacken, and the black veins never manifested, but the hunger was pushing her, fanning the flames of her urges.

After a few more minutes, the orgasm began coursing through her. Abby was lost in the pleasure and didn't sense that her pussy had started to feed on Mika, bathing Abby's pussy and Mika's face in faint red light. Mary did notice though, and began to panic and pull away from Abby's mouth to draw attention to the strange sight she was witnessing. Mary's mind wasn't able to understand what the read smoke flowing from Mika's mouth was. 

Abby felt the change in Mary's mental state, and through unknown instinct, pulled Mary to her face, and began to feed on her too. The feeding increased the mental link exponentially, and Abby, without any conscious effort, wiped Mary's memory of what was happening. Abby didn't take much of Mary's sexual energy, just enough so that her mind could cause the woman to pass out. She'd wake in the morning only having faint memories of a hard partying the previous evening.

Meanwhile, Mika continues to lick Abby's engorged clit, unable to stop as long as the sexual energy flowed from her. Mika seemed to have an almost endless reserve of sexual energy. A small part of Abby's mind thought it strange that so much energy could come from someone who, when Abby had looked through her mind, had almost no sexual experience. In response to the faint thought, she heard the voice again, "She's untouched, a virgin...Enjoy her!" As Abby probed the girls mind further, she saw that this was her first sexual encounter outside of masturbating and kissing. The girl had never even had an orgasm!

Perhaps it was because just days ago Abby was of the same level of sexual experience and just as innocent, but Abby felt guilt in what she was doing. Abby forced herself to stop feeding, and Mika collapsed onto the floor, panting. She was still conscious. "What did you do to me?! That felt so good!" The young girl writhed on the floor, feeling her breasts, and shoving a hand down her skirt and panties, searching urgently for her own sex.

Abby felt her flight instinct take over. She rushed out of the bathroom, wanting to head back toward the dance floor and the exit, but the bathroom line that'd formed slowed her enough that she heard Mika call out behind her, "Please, don't leave me, I need to cum!"

People started looking at Abby as she pushed past them. This isn't what she wanted to happen. "Damn, what if there were cameras in the bathroom?" she thought to herself. "What if Mika remembered everything? What if Mary never woke up?"

.............

As the cab rolled toward Brooklyn, Abby sat in silence, wrestling with what had just happened. She realized she really didn't understand the nature of these abilities, despite how confident she felt after draining Wil. The power was intoxicating for her. She'd have to be very careful to not let it take over. As she processed the events, she reluctantly admitted to herself that she hadn't lost control of her mind, but she couldn't say the same for her body. Her pussy wanted to feed on Mika, not her mind. If her pussy could do that, could other parts of her body demonstrate their own desires too? That kind of made sense to her, after remembering how she'd unconsciously shifted forms to closer match Wil's desires. 

The cab arrived at her apartment. She dug in Sarah's purse looking for cash, paid the driver, and exited the cab heading to their apartment. Every flight she climbed she felt the weight of the day press upon her. She was tired. Her body felt energized, no doubt from the four people she'd fed on that day, but her mind was exhausted. She opened the door to the apartment and saw her best friend sitting at the table eating a cup of yogurt and reading a magazine. Sarah initially looked tired, but Abby was just happy she was awake. Calm started to come to Abby, at least until Sarah looked up. 

As Abby entered the apartment and kicked off her shoes, Sarah looked up from reading. A look of surprise and fear appeared on her face.

"Who are you and why do you have keys to this apartment?!"

Abby quickly realized she still looked like Mika. Immediately she shifted to her new default body and started to speak to Sarah, but Sarah, having just witnessed a person suddenly change form, started to scream. She bolted up from the table and grabbed the nearest thing she could find to defend herself: a fry pan on the stove.

"Sarah, it's me, Abbs, I swear I can explain this all, just put down the pan and we can talk."

"BULLSHIT, WHO OR WHAT ARE YOU!?"

"Sarah, sweetie, it really is me, can we just please talk for a minute!"

Abby could have kicked herself as realized she was still in a form that Sarah couldn't recognize. She shifted again, this time into her old body. As she did, the wrap dress began to feel incredibly tight and started to bind and bunch and stretch under the stress. Abby decided to just shift her face, and leave her body where it was, halfway between new Abby and old Abby. Sarah screamed again.

"Abby, what is wrong with you, how did you do that?!" Sarah began to cry, dropping the pan, and slumping on to the floor.

Abby ran to Sarah, hugging her tightly. As Abby made contact with Sarah she could sense how foggy her memory was. Abby pushed her own experiences and memories into Sarah's mind, hoping it would help her understand and speed the relieving of her grief, she tried to make Sarah feel more comfortable with what she'd just seen. Sarah continued to cry for a few minutes, until she looked up at Abby, "I can't believe any of it, but I can feel it's true. How did you do that to me? What are you now?"

Abby stood and walked to the kitchen table, taking a seat while Sarah followed. Abby started to explain about the necklace, the transforming, the voice that would speak to her, and need to feed, how normal food didn't taste right, how she could hear people's thoughts when she touched them. She omitted the incident with Wil and Mika for the time being. After what felt like an eternity, Sarah finally started to speak.

"So, this is all real? You can do those things...I mean, I know you can, I saw it and felt it, but still, this is all insane, you know that right?"

"Yeah, I know, but I don't have any better an explanation than what I gave you."

"So you can become anyone you want, just by imagining looking that way?"

"Uh, well, yeah, I guess. I've only really shifted into a few other forms."

Sarah sat silent for a few moments, the look on her face blank, until she finally looked Abby straight in the eyes, and her expression changed to one of focus.

"Show me, I want to see it, I mean, see it so I can watch closely this time."

Abby stood up, and closed her eyes. 

"Wait," Sarah said "Take off your clothes, I want to see all of it."

"Sarah, that might not be a good idea, I don't trust these urges yet, and I don't know what would happen if I fed on you again."

"I trust you, I just need to see this for myself."

Abby sighed, and started to untie the dress. "Isn't that my dress?" Sarah asked.

Abby smiled and nodded, "Umm, yeah about that, I'll explain later." 

As Abby dropped the dress to the floor, she concentrated on her body, and forced it to relax. She immediately shifted into her new default body. 

Her height shifted to 5'2", and her legs, hips and butt took on their trim, lithe physique. Her hair became the same dark reddish-black it had been. Her breasts swelled to their now default heavy C cup. Her nipples became rock hard pink nubs. Her skin cleared and took on the same makeup characteristics as before, including the bright red lips and dark eye shadow. A red gemstone piercing appeared hanging from her naval, showcasing her flat tummy. She even recreated the wings tattoo on her back. Abby felt a shiver roll through her body as the changes completed, leaving her slightly turned on.

As Sarah watched her best friend slowly morph into the creature that stood before her, she was left speechless. Something deep in her found the process incredibly arousing. She'd never been too hard-lined with her sexuality, but for whatever reason she was really turned on watching her friend become the sexual goddess that now stood in front of her. 

Unknown to either girl, they shared a mental sexual bond that formed when Abby used Sarah's sexual energy as the catalyst for her first transformation. Sarah was feeling the effects of that bond in her arousal. Part of Sarah's own sexual energy had reshaped Abby's feelings and attitudes. The resultant bond meant that when they were near each other, their own arousal would feed the arousal of the other.

"Abbs, that's incredible. I don't think I've ever seen anything close to it, at least not in real life."

"I know, I'm struggling with it myself. Sometimes it feels really natural, and it happens without me really even trying. Though, this form is the one that seems to be my 'default' one now. I can't say that I'm unhappy with it, but wearing my old body takes a little bit of focus."

Abby spun around, displaying her new body, while a smile spread wide across her face. Sarah grinned and laughed as her roommate showed off. 

"Can you change your clothes or anything else?"

"Well, I don't really know, I haven't tried...I've been too busy focused on controlling my uh, urges. I know I can easily change my body, though."

Abby stopped spinning and envisioned herself with bright pink hair, and gigantic breasts. Her hair immediately changed color and her breasts swelled to a size unachievable on her frame without implants. She laughed at the horrified look on Sarah's face and shifted back to her normal form.

"Seriously, that's crazy Abbs!"

"Oh, you think that's crazy, how about this?"

Abby envisioned herself as she had been earlier, as an exact copy of Sarah. Her body responded even quicker than it had before, as though it remembered how to become Sarah. As Abby's height increased, and her hair changed from deep auburn to light blonde, the look on Sarah's face shifted to one of wonder. After a few moments, Sarah was left staring at her identical twin. Abby was hit with a wave of arousal as the change finished. Not knowing why, Sarah felt a similar response, while also being shocked at what she saw. 

"Holy....wow, that's insane. Do I really look like that?" 

"Yup, I know because I was able to touch your body, and when I did mine instantly knew how to become an exact copy of you. Think about the fun we could have as twins?" 

A wide smile spread across Abby's face. Sarah unconsciously was squeezing her legs in such a way as to stimulate her own sex. Abby was feeling the effects of the hunger now; it was driving her to keep pushing Sarah's arousal. Abby walked toward Sarah, and spun around, showing off her new body. Sarah was deeply turned on, and couldn't make heads or tails of the emotions swirling through her mind, but increasingly she felt as though her thoughts were in a fog, or encumbered in some way. Abby had unconsciously started filling the room with her pheromones, increasing Sarah's sexual responsiveness, making her as turned on as Sarah could be without directly stimulating her erogenous zones.

Abby shook her hair, changing it back to her new deep auburn color. Smiling, she looked at Sarah and said, "There, it'll be easier to tell us apart now." Sarah drew her bottom lip in, biting it ever so slightly. Abby leaned down toward Sarah's face, the hunger driving her actions now. She gently kissed Sarah on the lips, barely pressing against them. Sarah responded by surging toward Abby, overcome with sexual need.

Sarah stood, and wrapped her arms around Abby, kissing her with force and urgency. Abby quicky pulled her roommates shirt off. Sarah wasn't wearing a bra, so as the cool air hit her nipples, they hardened into points. The two women, now indistinguishable except for their hair color, kissed, groped and rubbed each other until they were both brimming with sexual desire. Sarah pulled Abby toward her bedroom, shedding her shorts and panties as they went. She pushed Abby down onto the bed, and jumped on top of her, straddling her lap.

Sarah began rubbing Abby's clit, pushing her middle and ring finger into her roommate's hot slick pussy. Abby felt amazing, caught in the feedback loop of sexual pleasure caused by their bond. The hunger had already begun probing Sarah's mind, trying to determine a more ideal sexual form for Sarah. Consciously unknown to either girl, Sarah was something of a narcissist, so the hunger didn't need to change much to reach her ideal. Sarah seemed to like women who were more androgynous, and tall. As a result, Abby's face took on a slightly squarer shape, her hair shortened to a pixie cut. Her breasts receded to the point where she barely needed a bra. Her hips slightly narrowed and her legs lengthened, increasing her height to 6'

Sarah was watching the changes, and felt her own needs stoked as Abby took on the modified form. Sarah felt a deep urge to pleasure Abby, and worked Abby's clit with her tongue, trying to elicit an orgasm from her roommate as rapidly as possible. Abby felt the increase in speed, and knew an orgasm wasn't far off. 

Sarah continued to lick and suck her roommate's love button, and she worked two fingers in and out of Abby as quickly as she could. Abby's breathing had begun to increase in pace. She's started playing with her small breasts, pinching her nipples. Finally, Abby felt the beginnings of her orgasm. Her toes curled, her left hand shot to Sarah's head, gripping her roommate's hair, pushing her face harder against her pussy. Abby arched her back as the orgasm boiled through her, letting out a loud grunt. Sarah pulled her face away as Abby writhed in pleasure. Sarah crawled to Abby's side to closer watch.

Abby's orgasm was lasting a very long time. She felt a tingle flow throughout her entire body. Her pussy squirted as wave after wave washed through her. Sarah felt an immense amount of heat radiating from Abby as she continued to cum. Finally, the orgasm subsided. Abby's vision cleared and she saw Sarah next to her, smiling a wide smile. Abby immediately kissed Sarah, probing Sarah's mouth with her tongue. As she did, she felt the happiness Sarah was feeling come through clearly. Sarah had deeply enjoyed watching Abby cum. Abby could also feel how aroused Sarah had become watching her. 

Abby rolled Sarah onto her back, and straddled her roommate. Abby began licking Sarah's breasts and kissing her way up to her roommate's neck. She massaged Sarah's tits, while trying to pin back Sarah's tongue with her unnaturally long one. Sarah, for her part, was enjoying the attention, feeling her own arousal and need increase.

"Abby, I need you to fuck me, I need to cum!"

Abby continued kissing her roommate, and running her hands over her body. Abby worked her way down Sarah's torso, getting closer and closer to Sarah's waiting vagina. Abby stuck her tongue out and licked Sarah's entire outer lips, ultimately landing on her clit. Abby reached up, and gripped both of Sarah's tits, squeezing them, rolling her nipples around, and stimulating them in every way she could. Abby had a devious idea, and she felt her tongue slit in two at it's base. She never stopped working Sarah's clit with what was now the upper part of her tongue, and as she felt the bottom of her tongue lengthen, she began pushing into Sarah's waiting vag. Sarah was startled as she felt something probing into her pussy, already feeling her roommate's tongue on her clit.

Sarah could feel her roommates tongue begin to fill her sex. The stimulation was almost overwhelming, but also exsqusit. Abby could sense Sarah was on the verge of orgasm, and mischievously kept Sarah on edge as long as she could, not letting her orgasm.

Sarah was so close to orgasm, she could hardly contain herself. She was panting heavily, gripping the sheets, grunting and screaming as Abby forced her to ride just below the threshold of orgasm. After what Sarah thought was an eternity, Abby withdrew her tongues from Sarah's pussy and clit and raised herself up, standing on her knees. Sarah looked up to see her roommate feeling her own tits, looking at Sarah with a mischevious smile. Abby pointed toward the bed with her hand, Sarah looked down until she saw what her roommate was gesturing toward.

Abby's clit had begun to swell and lengthen. Sarah could barely comprehend what she was seeing, as Abby's clit finished kept growing until hitting 8" in length and 2" in diameter. Sarah sat motionless, her mouth agape. Abby didn't give time for Sarah to speak, and threw herself on her roommate, penetrating her waiting pussy with her new 8" clit. Sarah rolled her head back in pleasure as she felt so full as she thought she might be split in two.
