 Gretchen slowly opened her eyes, stretched out her arms and gave a little sigh.

"Mmmm, nice," she murmured, "I like being woken like this."

She had been woken by the feeling of having her labia gently rubbed by the middle and forefinger of my right hand.

"I haven't put my cock up you yet," I told her, "I thought it was about time I did."

"Yes," she agreed, "it is time you did."

She opened her legs as I rolled on top of her. I held my erection at her slit and gently slipped it inside her. She was warm, wet and tight, just perfect.

"Oh Percy," she whispered, "it feels good to have a man in me."

I took my time, savouring each thrust as I pushed my length inside her and drew it all the way out, just keeping her open with the tip of my cock. She put her hands on my ass and pulled me down, making sure all that could go in her did go in her.

"By the gods, Gretchen, you are a wonderful woman," I told her as my thrusting picked up speed.

"Shut up and fuck me you gorgeous boy!" She cried as she became more and more aroused.

The fucking got faster and harder, both of us speeding towards tumultuous climaxes, me grunting with my exertions, her shaking her head and moaning louder and louder.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" She shouted as she came, her vaginal contractions squeezing my cock.

"Uuuh!" I grunted as I felt my semen leave me, my throbbing cock shooting it deep inside her.

"That's how I like to start the day," she said to me after we had come back down to earth.

"Mmmm," I replied, unable to speak coherently as I had my mouth clamped firmly to her left nipple.

She put her hand on my head and stroked my hair as I suckled, first on her left and then on her right teat. She had beautiful breasts with big pink nipples and I just could not help but get my lips round them and have a suck.

After a while she gently pushed me away and told me to go out of the room and get our clothes. Just as promised, the fairies had laundered our garments and left them in neat piles in the passageway. I carried them over to the bed and we got dressed.

"I am hungry," Gretchen told me as we left the room, "sex does that to me."

We went down to the bar and sat at a small table that had been laid for breakfast. Mel brought us two plates of food and set them before us. I looked at the small items on the plate which were accompanied by two pieces of toast.

"Weasel kidneys," said Mel, "they don't look much but they are very filling."

And she was right!

Whilst we ate, Mel sent Ernst to harness the oxen and went off to her kitchen. Gretchen took some coins from her purse and handed them to me.

"Find mistress Mel and pay her for the room and food, will you?" She asked, "I hope this is sufficient."

"I'll see you outside," I said, getting up from the table, leaning over and kissing her on her lips.

I left the bar and went into the kitchen. Mel was busy stirring a pot of stew that was on the stove, her sleeves rolled up, a strand of her jet black hair fallen over her eye.

"That is getting in your way," I said as I gently tucked the strand back up behind her ear.

"Thank you," she said softly, pausing to turn and look me in the eye.

Emboldened by the words I had heard her say the previous evening, I leaned towards her and kissed her softly on the lips. She dropped the spoon she had been using to stir the pot, put her hands either side of my head and pulled me close to her, opening her mouth and pushing her tongue into my mouth. I responded by pushing my tongue out to meet it. We kissed passionately for about a minute before she broke away.

"Fuck me!" She said urgently, "take me now!"

I took hold of her by her waist, span around and boosted her up onto the big wooden table that was in the middle of the kitchen. She gathered up her skirts and opened her legs. I reached up, pulled down her white cotton panties and threw them aside. I fumbled slightly as I unbuttoned my breeches but as soon as it was able, my stiff cock sprang out, ready for action.

"Oh goodness yes!" She cried as she looked down at it, "I want that in me now!"

I hooked my arms around her raised legs and pulled her towards me. She slid to the edge of the table and I shoved my meat inside her in one swift movement.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried as I began to thrust forcefully, banging my thighs against the table top every time I put all I had up her hot wet cunt.

"Oh this is nice," I said in a hoarse whisper, "this is so fucking nice."

She shouted my name as she had her orgasm and I shouted hers in reply.

"Percy! Percy! Percy!" She shouted as her body convulsed and her fingers scraped the table top.

"Mel! Mel!" I shouted as I felt my seed come shooting out of my cock to fill her boiling cunt.

I stood still, my cock embedded in her, and let my balls empty. She lay still, relishing the feeling of a young man's steaming hot spunk filling her up. After some seconds had passed and my cock began to soften I pulled out of her and stood back to let her get off the table.

"Thank you Percy," she said as she slid off the table and let her skirts fall back around her legs.

"No mistress," I replied, "thank you."

I picked up her panties and handed them to her.

"I think I had better drain myself first," she laughed, "I had better go to the bath house and wash your mess out of me."

"Very well," I replied, "I shall leave payment for the room on the table and go. I shall call here again, soon."

"Make sure you do," she said softly, kissing me on my mouth before she walked out of the kitchen.

"What kept you?" Asked Gretchen when I finally hopped up onto the seat beside her, "as if I didn't know."

We both chuckled as she flicked the reins to get the oxen to draw us out onto the road and off to the fishing village beside the big water.