 I awoke to the sound of Matilda gently snoring. I leaned over, kissed her on her shoulder and crept out of bed. I dressed quietly, noticing that Erin's satin panties had gotten mixed up in my clothing. I picked them up, held them to my face and breathed in her sweet smell. Then I put them in my pocket.

I needed a piss so I went outside. As I was doing it Roz came out of the cabin. She saw me and came over to me.

"We can't run off," I told her, "we gave them our word that we wouldn't."

"I'm not going anywhere," she replied, "I want to stay with Evelyn."

"I'm sorry?" I asked as I put my penis away and laced up my breeches, "yesterday you just wanted to go home."

"The things that woman does with her tongue and her fingers are just incredible! I want to move in here with her. I think I'm in love with her."

"I didn't know you were that way inclined Roz."

"And don't call me Roz any more, I am Ashka and that is who I am going to stay."

"Well, if you are sure. There is one small fly in the ointment though, Largo."

"I don't care, I am staying with Evelyn."

Ashka, as she wanted to be known, lifted the woolen robe she was wearing, squatted down and started to piss.

"Don't mind me," I chuckled as I heard a sound not unlike a tap running when fully opened.

"When a girl's gotta go," she replied smiling up at me.

I stroked her hair as I walked past her back towards the cabin.

Desdemona was waiting for me when I walked through the door.

"I thought I heard someone," she said as she took my hand, "I was hoping it was you."

As she led me along the passageway a door opened and Evelyn came out, a concerned look on her face.

"Have you seen Ashka?" She asked.

"She just popped out for a tinkle," I answered, jerking my thumb in the direction of the door.

Evelyn pulled her robe tightly to her and hurried towards the door.

"I think she's smitten," the young dwarf said as she led me to her room.

Desdemona was about four foot tall. She was a little chubby, but not exactly fat. She had medium length dark brown hair which she had in several braids, giving her a slightly piratical appearance. In all, I found her quite attractive.

"Get your clothes off then," she said as she slipped off her robe and climbed onto her bed.

I looked at her as I stripped. She had fairly large firm-looking boobs with pink nipples, a tubby tummy and quite a hairy snatch.

"Mmm, not bad," she said as she looked at my naked form walking towards her.

I got onto the bed and lay on my back. She straddled me, leaned forward and we kissed, our tongues writhing around each other like two snakes wrestling. I put my arms around her and hugged her to me, making her stiff nipples rub against my smooth chest.

"Eat me," she said softly as she broke our embrace and shuffled upwards, smothering me with her hairy bush.

She bore down on me as I wriggled my face in between her fleshy thighs, searching for her gash. She moaned aloud as my tongue found it's target, her rubbery pussy lips.

"Oh Percy!" She cried as I pushed my tongue inside her and began to lick.

I lapped at the juice that flowed from her and then flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue. She wriggled around on me, her pubes tickling my nose and cheeks.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried as I excited her stiff little love-bud.

It was getting very wet where my face was, I wondered if all female dwarfs produced as much moisture as the one grinding herself on me.

"Oooh! Ooh! OOOOHHH!!!" She squealed as she came, a veritable river of female ejaculate running out of her and over my face.

I grabbed hold of her by the arms and pushed her backwards. She rolled back and lay on my chest, her legs splayed out, her juice still cascading from her hairy valley, her hands holding her head.

"By the gods!" She cried, "I can't take any more!"

'Fucking hell!' I thought as she writhed around on top of me, 'she's having a seizure!'

Eventually she calmed down and her juice stopped running out of her and onto me. I rolled her off me onto her front and knelt up on the bed.

"Right my lovely, open those legs," I said, taking hold of her by her waist and pulling her up onto her knees, "time for Percy to fill that leaking dam with his stiff little finger."

She got on all fours and spread her legs slightly. She bent her back, presenting her rear end. I got in close, put the head of my stiff cock to her hairy slit and pushed.

"Aaah!" I moaned as I slid into her.

"Oh!" She cried as she accepted my meat inside her.

I proceeded to fuck her with rapid thrusts, enjoying the feeling of her slippery cunt around my cock.

"Percy, Percy, Percy," she moaned as I went at her with a will.

"That's my name baby," I replied, "don't wear it out."

It lasted a couple of minutes and then I stopped moving, threw back my head, let out a groan and started pumping spunk into her, lots of spunk.

"I'm, I'm, I'm COMINNGG!" She cried as her vagina started a series of contractions, squashing my cock as I sprayed cum into her.

"Oh fuck this is nice," I said as I kept coming, "it's still coming."

"Oh Percy! Oh stop!" She cried, "I cannot take any more of this!"

Being the gentleman, I took her at her word and pulled out of her, my cock still shooting out streamers of thick, sticky cum. She fell forward and lay prostrate on the bed, gasping. I stopped ejaculating and fell next to her.

"That was fantastic!" She said as she caught her breath, "I can't remember a time when I have come as much as that."

"Nor can I," I replied, "you really got me going."

She turned her head and looked me in the eye. We smiled at each other and I put my arm around her and gave her a hug.

The door opened and Celia walked in.

"Can I have him now?" She asked.

"Yes," Said Desdemona, smiling at me as she spoke, "but I would be surprised if there was anything left to have."

"Come on," Celia said to me, "I'll get you something to eat, to try and build your strength back up."

I climbed off the bed, picked up my clothes and started to dress.

"I wouldn't bother if I were you," Celia said to me, "they'll be off again before long."

I finished doing up my breeches and followed her out of the room. Just as we got to the main room the front door burst open and in stormed Largo brandishing a large sword. He stopped when he saw me dressed in just my breeches standing next to an attractive brunette in her late twenties.

"Fear not Percy!" He cried in an uncertain voice, "I am here to rescue you!"

Celia screamed and ran back up the corridor towards the bedrooms.

"I don't think you will need the sword," I said to him, "they're just a bunch of girls."

"Is my true love here?" He asked, "is she unharmed?"

"Yes, Ashka is here," I told him, "and she is in very good spirits."

"Which room are they keeping her in?" He asked as he strode along the corridor.

"I think she went outside," I replied, "I'm surprised you didn't bump into her."

Largo turned and pushed past me as he hurried back to the door through which he had just entered. I followed him outside.

"Ashka!" He shouted, "I have come to rescue you!"

Ashka and Evelyn popped up from behind a large fern not far from the cabin. I looked at the young elf-woman who I used to know as Roz, pointed at Largo and mouthed the word 'Largo'. She looked back at me, smiled, mouthed the word 'wow' and gave me the thumbs up.

"My love!" Shouted Largo, dropping his sword and running towards her. She came out from behind the fern and ran towards him. They came together and embraced, hugging each other tightly. I noticed that Evelyn was not smiling.

Ashka disengaged herself from Largo, turned towards Evelyn and put out her hand. A smile appeared on Evelyn's face and she walked over to Ashka and took her hand.

"This is Evelyn," Ashka told Largo, "she is my friend. We shall take her with us when we return home."

"My lady," Largo said to Evelyn, bowing, "It is an honour to be rescuing you as well."

'Don't tell him you're a pirate, don't tell him you're a pirate,' I said to her silently, trying to transmit my thoughts.

Luckily, Ashka picked up on the misunderstanding and made best use of it.

"Thank you my lord, thank you for coming to my rescue."

Matilda and the others came out of the cabin carrying knives and coshes. Largo picked up his sword just as Finn, Ike and Rustic appeared. The women dropped their weapons, thinking that a fight would be fruitless.

Rustic looked at me, wiped his brow with his hand and mouthed the word 'phew'. I winked at him, surreptitiously pointed to Desdemona and mouthed the word 'hot'.

"Madam," Largo said to Matilda, "I wish you no harm, I am here to rescue my true love, let us leave and blood will not be shed."

"Very well," replied Matilda, "but can I have your assurance that you will not give up our location to others who may wish to cause us harm?"

"You have my word."

"What about my boat?" Asked Finn.

"My friend here wishes you to return his fishing boat which you stole," said Largo.

"No, it wasn't us," put in Celia, "we wouldn't do that, we just procure slaves to sell to the trolls."

"Oh," said Finn, sounding a little disappointed in not finding his boat.

"There are other islands with other bandits," she said to him, "we could go and look for your boat together if you like."

Finn perked up immediately, "I would like that," he said to the attractive brunette.

"I will go with you," said Claire.

"Right then," said Finn, smiling broadly, "let's get packed and get started, shall we?"

"Spoils of victory!" Cried Ike as he ran over to Matilda, climbed up her leg and over her tummy to her large bust, put his head in her cleavage and shook it.

"Get off me you dirty little beast!" She cried, slapping the back of his head.

"Forgive my imp," laughed Largo, "but he has a penchant for decolletage such as yours."

Matilda managed to remove Ike from her person and he fell to the ground, smiling all the while.

"I'll have my way with you yet," he said to her, "us imps are known for our powers of persuasion."

"Where's Rustic?" Asked Finn.

"I'll go and look for him," I replied, "I think I know where he might be.".

I went into the cabin and along the passageway to Desdemona's room. I stopped outside, opened the door a little and peered in. As I thought, Rustic was there with her. He was sitting on her bed and she was standing in the middle of the room.

"Oh yes," said Rustic, "Percy is a very close friend, in fact he will do anything for me."

"So if you ask him," said Desdemona, "he will take me with him when he goes."

"Yes, but you must be nice to me."

"But you're so old."

"I'm not that old and I am in good condition. Would you like to see?"

Rustic unlaced his breeches and pulled out his fairly short stout cock. He gave it a little rub and it came to attention.

"Come on Desi, come and have a feel," the red faced little perv said to the reticent young female.

Desdemona walked over to Rustic, leaned forward and took his cock in her hand. Rustic let out a little sigh as she gently squeezed it and rubbed her hand up and down on it.

"Get your breeches down and let me touch you," he said to her.

"I'm not sure if I should."

"If you really want me to get Percy to take you back with him."

I watched as Desdemona let go of Rustic's cock, stood upright, unlaced her breeches and lowered them down her fleshy young thighs. Rustic put his hand out and stroked the front of her cotton panties.

"Let me see what you have under there," he said to her.

Desdemona took hold of her panties and pulled them down a little way, exposing that thick rich brown bush of hers. Rustic's face reddened even more.

"Oh that is beautiful," he said as he rubbed his stubby fingers over her muff, seeking for her slit which was hidden therein.

"Uh!" Moaned Desdemona as Rustic found what he was searching for, her clitoris.

"Soon have you warmed up," said Rustic, a licentious grin on his face.

"Oh my! Oh goodness!" Cried Desdemona as Rustic's stubby fingers rubbed her.

I could see that Rustic was aroused by her moans and cries, there was a small stream of pre cum leaking from the little hole at the tip of his cock and running down the shaft. I was getting pretty excited too, my cock was straining to be free from the confines of my breeches.

"Oh Yes!" Shouted Desdemona as she threw her head back and stretched out her arms.

"Good girl," said Rustic, "come for Rustic."

It was plain to see that she was indeed coming, and coming hard.

She finished coming and her arms fell to her sides. Rustic took hold of her and threw her onto the bed, face down. He wriggled her breeches and panties down to her ankles, lifted her onto her knees and climbed onto the bed behind her.

'Here we go,' I thought to myself as I watched him present his stiff stout cock to her dripping wet cunt and stuff it in.

"Oh fuck yes!" Cried Rustic as he buried all he had inside the compliant young female dwarf, "that feels lovely!"

"Oh Rustic," said Desdemona, "I never agreed to this."

"Shall I stop?" Asked rustic as he began to thrust steadily and forcefully.

"Oh no, don't stop, it feels so nice."

I took my cock out and massaged it gently as I watched the old dwarf give his young conquest a really good fucking.

"Oh Rustic! Oh yes! I'm coming!" Desdemona cried as she had what looked to be a pretty strong orgasm.

"Me too, but I shall not put you with child," responded the old dwarf.

True to his word, Rustic pulled out of Desdemona just as he began to squirt out streamers of thick sticky spunk. Instead of filling her cunt he coated her back and ass cheeks.

"Oh goblin's cocks that was nice," said a breathless Rustic as the last few drops of spunk dripped from his cock onto her bum.

"Whenever I walk into a room, you have just finished fucking my girl," I said as I strode into the room, cock in hand.

"You were watching," chuckled Rustic, "and by the look of things you enjoyed watching."

"Out of the way," I said as I took hold of Desdemona and flipped her onto her back.

"Oh hello Percy," she said, smiling up at me, "he didn't come inside me, but you can."

That was all the invitation I needed. I pushed her thighs wide apart and lowered myself onto her. She wrapped her legs around me as best she could and I began to go at her with a will.

"Ho ho ho," chuckled Rustic as he watched me banging Desdemona as hard as I could, "someone's very excited."

"Uh, uh, uh," was the sound Desdemona made as I rammed my cock in and out of her with power and pace.

"Oh fuck yes, oh fuck yes," were the words I kept repeating as I fucked her.

"OH PERSSSEEEEEE!" She cried as she had yet another orgasm.

"OH DEZZZZZEEEEE!" I shouted in reply as I shot off a huge pent up load into her hot pulsating cunt.

"oh goblins!" Commented Rustic as he watched us come.

I pulled out of her and got off her. She lay still, recovering from the fuckings she had received.

"Are we gonna take her with us?" Asked Rustic.

"Seeing as you told her that I will do whatever you tell me to, I suppose we are."

Rustic smiled, punched me on the arm and said, "good lad."

And so the band of water bandits was broken up. Evelyn was going home with Ashka and Largo, Claire and Celia were going with Finn to find his missing boat and Desdemona was coming with Rustic and me.

"What about you?" I asked Matilda, "what will you do?"

"I shall take Erin, find another band of bandits and join up with them," she replied.

"Can we go home now?" Asked Largo impatiently.

"He can't wait to have a go on his girlfriend's new buddy," Rustic whispered to me.

'He'll be in for a surprise when he tries,' I thought to myself.

Everything was looking good until we got back to the boat. Kat was missing.