 I had been walking for days, asking every being I came across whether they had seen a red imp accompanying a young human male, but no-one had. I was coming to the conclusion that my search was hopeless and the only hope was that Rob had made his own way home or at least back to Estella.

Luckily the weather was improving and as I walked along I could see buds poking up from the grass at the side of the unmade road. As I had been sleeping rough under a tree or a bush, the improvement in temperature was very welcome.

I heard a noise and turned to see a covered cart drawn by two oxen approaching me. I stepped off the road to allow it to pass but as it drew next to me it stopped. The driver, who was wearing a long cloak with a hood covering their features looked down at me.

"you look as if you could do with a ride," the driver said. It was a woman's voice.

"That would be very welcome," I replied.

"Come on then, climb up here and sit," she told me.

I sat on the board next to her and she flicked the reins which urged the oxen to resume their slow drawing of the cart.

"What is your name?" The woman asked me.

"Percy," I replied.

"Pleased to meet you, Percy," she said, "I am Gretchen."

"where are you gong?" I asked.

"To the big water. I am carrying sail cloth for the fishing boats. Where are you heading?"

"I am trying to find a friend, a young man, last seen in the company of a red imp."

"Poor choice for a friend, an imp, whatever colour he may be."

Her words did not fill me with hope for finding Rob.

As we journeyed slowly along we got to know each other. Gretchen carried all sorts of goods for people all over the kingdom, she was a sort of long distance trucker, only not a rapid one.

"How long have you been doing this job?" I asked.

"Started when I was eighteen," she replied, "so eighteen years now."

"Just you on your own?"

"Except when I pick up handsome strangers on the roadside," she chuckled.

Her words and the way she said them caused me to get butterflies in my stomach, she had called me handsome, which was a sign that she liked me.

"So, no one at home waiting for you?"

"No, it's just me, my oxen and the open road."

When the light began to fade we pulled off the road at a small inn. An elf-boy helped unharness the oxen and led them off to a stable. Gretchen and I went inside the inn and she ordered two jugs of mead. As she walked over to sit at a small table she unclasped her cloak and removed it.

That was the first time I got a good look at her and I liked what I saw. She was tall, probably six foot, she had long thick brown hair which she had braided, she had broad shoulders and rounded hips, her bust was large and when I saw her face I was smitten. She had big brown eyes and the loveliest of full red lips.

She sat, chugged back her mead, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and belched.

"By the gods I needed that," she said, "what with the long drive and all that gossiping my mouth was as dry as a witch's snatch."

"Not a turn of phrase I am familiar with," I told her.

"Oh come on, posh boy," she said, "don't say you have never heard a woman swear."

"Not one as beautiful as you," I hazarded, giving her the compliment to see where things were going.

"Behave," she laughed, slapping me on the arm, "you know full well that a young cock like you is going to be paying for his ride by servicing this old carter tonight."

My balls went all fuzzy and my penis began to stiffen as I heard her words.

"But before you eat me out I must eat," she laughed, "go and find us a waiter."

I left the bar and went out to the back room to find someone.

"Make sure she washes," the landlady of the inn told me after I had enquired after the menu, "she looks as if spends a lot of time on the road and not much in the bath house. And you need a bath too by the smell of things."

I looked down at my scruffy stained breeches and my mucky tunic and agreed that I could indeed do with sprucing up.

"Give me two silver coins and I will get Ernst to fill two tubs with hot water whilst you eat your supper," the landlady told me.

"Thank you madam," I said as I handed her the coins.

"Please, call me Mel," she told me.

"I am Percy and the carter is called Gretchen," I told her.

I went back into the bar.

"We are going to get cleaned up after supper," I informed Gretchen, "the elf is filling two tubs for us."

She lifted her left arm, put her nose to it and sniffed.

"Probably a good idea," she said.

Mel brought us each a bowl of stew which was very nice. 

"What do you carry?" She asked Gretchen.

"Sailcloth, for the fishermen's boats."

"And how about you?" She asked me, "why are you going to the big water? You are dressed in the garb of a high-born, even if it is a bit grubby."

"I seek a lost friend, a young human last seen in the company of a red imp."

"Then probably never to be seen again."

Her words worried me, were imps really as bad as people thought?

After we had eaten, Mel showed us to the bath house which was behind the kitchen. Ernst informed us that the tubs were full of hot water and there was soap. 

"Leave your clothes outside and I will have them laundered by the fairies," Mel told us, "they will be as good as new in the morning."

'Fairies?' I thought to myself, 'bloody hell!'

Gretchen and I went into the bath house and stripped. I could not help but stare at her big beautiful breasts with their big pink nipples and her lovely thick brown bush at the base of her ever so slightly rounded tummy.

"You are a fine specimen," she said, staring back at me, "how old are you?"

"Twenty-two," I hazarded, not knowing for sure.

We climbed into our respective tubs and sank down in the water. It felt good. I watched as Gretchen lathered up her hands and began to wash her arms and neck. I was a little disappointed that those big beautiful breasts were covered by the foam covered water. I started to wash myself when Mel came into the bath house.

"Would you like me to wash your hair mistress?" She asked.

"Please," Gretchen replied, "and please call me Gretchen.".

I watched as Mel began to unbraid the long brown rope of hair hanging over the lip of the tub.

I looked at Mel. I guessed she was mid to late forties. Looking at her through the eyes of a middle-aged man I could see beauty where a young man such as Percy would only see an old woman. She had a nice face and despite probably having done years of inn-keeping it had not wrinkled. Her once jet black hair which was tied in a bun at the back of her head had streaks of white in it, but her most endearing feature was her smile, which she wore as she worked on Gretchen's hair.

"Do you run this place on your own?" I asked.

"Mostly," she replied, "I don't get many guests and with Ernst helping I manage."

"How old is the boy?" Asked Gretchen.

"Eighteen," she replied, "why?"

"He is pretty."

"She is trying to make you jealous Percy," Mel laughed, looking over at me.

"I am finished," I informed the women as I stood up in the tub, "I shall go to the bar for another mead."

I enjoyed seeing the looks I was getting from them, looks of appreciation of the young male form.

"There is a cloak hanging over there," Mel said, a little flustered, "put it on before I do something."

"Do something mistress Mel?" I chuckled, "now what might that be?"

I padded across the bath house, making sure they got a good look at my tight little ass and my fit young body. I slipped the woolen cloak on and it began to absorb the water that was dripping off of me. I opened the door and stepped out into the passageway that led back to the kitchen and the bar beyond. As I closed the door I heard Mel speak.

"If I were twenty years younger," she said to Gretchen, "oh the things I would do to that."

"He is rather nice, isn't he?" Came the reply, "and he has to pay for his ride."

I smiled a broad smile and made my way back to the bar.

I reached the end of the passageway and heard the sound of heavy breathing. I stopped and peered around the corner. Behind the bar, sitting on a stool was Ernst, staring intently at something he was holding in his left hand and masturbating furiously with his right. I ducked back around the corner to give him his privacy and waited.

"Oh yes, give it to her," I heard him say, "fuck her, shove it right inside her. The dirty bitch is loving it. Oh the gods, ooooh!"

I guessed that he had shot his load and waited a little longer so he could regain his composure. Having given him long enough I strode into the bar.

"Ah there you are," I said, "a jug of mead please."

He tried to hide what he had been holding but he dropped it on the floor behind the bar.

"What is that?" I asked, looking over the bar and down at it, "can I see?"

Ernst picked it up and handed it to me. It was a painting, done in coloured ink, about the size of a postcard. I looked at it and my heart raced, it was a thing of beauty.

"wow!" I said, "whoever drew this has real talent."

The drawing depicted a naked young woman being molested by four naked imps, three of the imps had skin the colour of bone china but the fourth was bright red. I thought the woman was familiar and the red imp definitely was.

"Concentrate," Ernst told me, "and watch."

I did as instructed. I held the drawing still and looked hard at it, marvelling at the lifelike image in front of me. Then something truly magical happened, the figures began to move.

The red imp was between the woman's legs and he began to thrust in and out, obviously fucking her. One of the white ones offered his stiff cock to her open mouth and she began to suck on it greedily. The two remaining imps knelt either side of her and masturbated.

"By the gods!" I exclaimed, "this is so exciting!"

The scene played out for a minute or so longer, culminating in the young woman taking her mouth from the imp's cock, throwing her head back and silently screaming as she had what must have been a very intense orgasm. The red imp stopped thrusting as he obviously emptied his balls into her and the other three shot huge loads of spunk all over her face and body. I could see why Ernst had wanked whilst watching, it was a very erotic thing to behold.

"Isn't she beautiful?" He asked as I handed the drawing back to him.

"Yes," I agreed, "where did you get this? How much did you pay for it?"

"It is not mine," he replied, "I could never afford it. I borrowed it from a friend who borrowed it from someone else."

'A collector would pay a small fortune for something like this,' I thought to myself, 'If I could get hold of this and take it back with me I could sell it for thousands.'

"Could I meet your friend?" I asked.

"I guess so," he replied, "but don't tell mistress Mel, will you. I don't want her to know I look at stuff like this, she is very prim and proper."

'Not from what I heard her say,' I thought to myself.

Just then Gretchen strode back into the bar and demanded a jug of mead. Ernst served her and she downed it as quickly as she had her first. She wiped her mouth with her hand as before, took hold of my wrist and led me away. My balls started to tingle like crazy!

"Get on that bed," she ordered me as she shoved me through the doorway to her room.

I slipped the cloak off as I crossed the room and I climbed onto the big soft bed and lay on my back, my stiff cock standing up from my body like a little pink flag pole. Gretchen let her cloak fall to the floor as she came towards me, a look of pure lust on her beautiful face, licking her lips with the tip of her tongue.

"Open your legs," she ordered.

I did as I was told.

Gretchen simultaneously put her lips around my cock and slipped the forefinger of her right hand up my ass. I let out a small squeak as I felt my body invaded by her digit. She mumbled something, but it was unintelligible as her mouth was full of my cock. I could feel her finger searching out my prostate as the tip of her tongue tried to prise open the little hole in the end of my cock.

"Oh fuck," I moaned, "if you keep doing that I am gonna come before I get anywhere near your pussy."

She gave a muffled laugh and carried on with what she was doing.

I was as good as my word and within a minute I let out a long low guttural moan and my hips bucked involuntarily as I shot a huge load of cum down her throat. I could hear her swallowing as I shot squirt after squirt of my spunk into her willing mouth.

Eventually I stopped ejaculating and my body relaxed. She took her mouth away from me, pulled her finger from my anus and wiped the residue of cum from her lips with the back of her hand, just like she had with the mead.

"Did you like that?" She asked.

"That was fantastic," I told her in a husky voice, "I have never come like that before."

"My turn," she said as she lay on her back, drew her legs up and apart and waited.

I slipped my head between her thighs and poked out my tongue. I licked her slit and she reached down and pulled her labia open for me. I licked her up and down, flicking her clitoris at the end of the up stroke of my tongue.

"Mmmm," she murmured, "good boy, I like that."

I pushed my tongue inside her as far as I could, lapping up the juice that flowed from her.

"My clit," she said, "concentrate on my clit."

I dutifully gave her clitoris a good licking and she writhed around on the big soft bed moaning softly as I brought her closer and closer to her climax.

"Yes, yes, yes!" She cried as she began to come.

"Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck! OH FUCK YESSSSS!"

Her thighs came together like a soft vice when she came, clamping my head, making it difficult for me to breathe. I put my hands on her thighs and had to work hard to force them apart far enough for me to get my head out, but eventually I did.

"Oh you poor thing," she laughed, "did I suffocate you?"

"Oh Gretchen," I said to her, "when you come, you are positively dangerous."

I slid up the bed and lay next to her. She put her arm around me and gave me a big hug, which felt nearly as tight as when her thighs had squeezed me, but I liked it all the same.

"The landlady has designs on you," she whispered in my ear, "if you should pass by this way again, you may get a free bed for the night."

"I shall remember that," I said, smiling to myself.

I drifted off to sleep, snug in the embrace of the amazon who drove an ox-cart.