 Finding Roz was a bit of a surprise, but I was glad that I had, given that she was in such a predicament.

"What happened to you?" I asked.

"I came back to this world a while ago," she told me, "I came out of the tree in the woods to find that I was helping a pixie look for mushrooms. She called me Ashka and apparently I was visiting my cousins."

"What happened next?"

"We were set upon by some men who the pixie called road bandits. She ran off but they took me captive. I was taken to a place where they sold me to some people they called water bandits, who brought me here in a boat and locked me up in this cabin."

I got to my feet and peered through a crack in the planking that formed the walls of our prison. There was no sign of life outside.

"It doesn't seem that secure," I said to her, "I'll try and kick out one of these planks."

Which I did.

"That was easy," said Roz as she squeezed through the gap I had made.

I kicked a second plank out so that I could get through and we were free.

"Going somewhere?" Came a voice from behind us.

I turned to see a group of six females. The motley band consisted of three humans, two elves and a dwarf. They looked to be aged between twenty-five and thirty-five, all good looking specimens of their species.

"Are you our captors?" I enquired of one of the humans, a tall woman in her thirties with long curly hair, a sort of Cher lookalike.

"Yes," she answered, "and now we have two of you to sell to the trolls."

"We could keep him," said one of the elves, a very attractive brunette in her twenties, "we haven't had a man here for a while."

"Mmm," said 'Cher', "perhaps we could use him for a while and sell him on when he is worn out."

I didn't quite know how to react to that last statement, my balls were fizzing but my head told me not to get too excited.

"If you want to keep the man," said the other elf, a blonde in her twenties who looked a lot like Ashka, "then I want to keep the female."

I looked at Roz to see her reaction, by the look on her face she had no reservations about going with a beautiful lesbian elf-woman.

"Well, whatever we do with them," said another of the humans, a statuesque brunette in her thirties, "we can't leave them in that rotten shed. Bring them to the cabin."

The cabin was only a few yards away, near the clearing I had come across before being knocked out. It was a quite large wooden building with windows.

"What are you called?" 'Cher' asked me.

"Percy," I replied.

"I am Claire," she told me.

It became apparent as they all talked to each other that the big one was called Matilda and the other human was Celia. The straight elf was Erin and the lesbian was Evelyn. The dwarf was Desdemona.

"We shall feed you," Matilda said to us, "and then you can be tied up, or if you give us your word not to run off, you can sleep in comfort."

Roz and I swore not to run away and we all sat at a long table where we were treated to a very nice meal of fish and spinach concocted by Claire and Celia. Erin was sitting next to me and she put her hand on my thigh and gave it a squeeze. My balls went mental!

After we had all eaten Erin stood up and grabbed hold of my wrist, "I am taking him now," she told the others, "you can have him later."

"In that case," said Evelyn as she stood up and took hold of Roz by her hand, "I am taking this one."

Erin led me to her room, which was quite tidy and feminine, not the sort of room one would expect a pirate to occupy.

"Take your clothes off and let me look at you," she told me.

I stripped off and stood in the middle of the room. My penis was not fully erect but it was getting there. Erin slowly walked around me as if she was inspecting an animal at market.

"Mmm," she said softly, "you are a fine specimen of a human male."

Her words and the way she said them brought my cock to full stiffness and my balls to full tingle, I knew it would not be long before I was inside her.

"Are you going to take your clothes off?" I asked, "or would you like me to undress you."

"Mmm, yes, you can undress me," she replied, smiling at me.

I stood facing her and unbuttoned her shirt. It seemed that elf-women eschewed the item of underclothing known as the bra and Erin was no exception, as her shirt fell open I could see the milky skin of her breasts and her beautiful mauve coloured nipples. I was unable to resist leaning forward, putting my mouth around her left teat and gently sucking on it.

"Oh Percy," she moaned, ruffling my hair in her hand and pressing me against her tit.

As I suckled I reached down and unlaced her breeches. She rubbed my chest with her free hand and sighed softly. Once loosened, her breeches were easy to slip over her slender hips and down her thighs. I pushed my hand inside her panties and felt for her slit.

"Oh yes," she murmured as I found her clitoris and rubbed it gently with the two middle fingers of my right hand.

I took my mouth from her left nipple and transferred it to her right. She took her hand from my hair, reached down, took hold of my cock and began to rub it.

"No," I said, taking my mouth from her tit, "don't. Just the touch of your hand is enough to make me come and I don't want to come yet."

Erin pushed me away, disengaging me from her teat. She backed away from me, all the while staring lustfully into my eyes. She sat down on her bed and pulled her boots off. She removed her breeches and finally slipped her panties down revealing the most beautiful blonde bush.

"Come here," she said as she spread her legs.

It took me two steps to reach her, then I fell to my knees and pushed my face into her muff. I stuck out my tongue and forced it between her cunt lips, penetrating her with it, wriggling it around inside her.

"Yes!" She cried out, "Yes!"

I found her clit with my tongue and licked at it as hard as I could. She grabbed my hair again and held my head tightly to her. Her legs were trembling and her breathing was getting ragged as I brought her closer and closer to her climax.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, FUUUUUUCCKKK!" She screamed as she came, her fingers digging into my scalp and her cunt squirting juice all over my chin.

She let go of me after a short time and fell back onto her bed. I lifted her legs in the air, presented my cock to her slit and thrust forward, slipping it inside her before she had a chance to speak.

"Oh fuck!" We said in unison as we coupled.

She was warm and wet, so very wet. I knew it would not last long, I had been so aroused by the sight of her, the taste of her and the sound of her coming that my semen was already making it's way from my balls and up my cockshaft before I had time to bury myself in her completely.

"Oh Erin, I am sorry," I said to her as I began to ejaculate inside her, jets of scalding hot spunk leaving me and filling her.

"Too soon!" She said, a slightly angry look on her face, "much too soon!"

I knelt still while my balls emptied and then when I had finished I pulled out of her. A stream of sticky white cum flowed from her cunt and down onto the bed. She reached down, scooped some of it up with her fingers and put it in her mouth.

"Use your tongue on me again," she told me, "you can clean me and make me come at the same time."

She kept her legs wide open and once again I put my face to her sex. Her sweet tasting juice was mixed with my salty tasting spunk this time, but I still enjoyed licking her out, flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue and making her cry aloud when she had a second orgasm.

The door opened just as I finished wiping the mixture of our juices from my lips with the back of my hand.

"Have you done with him?" It was the well built woman called Matilda asking the question.

"Yes," replied Erin, "take him, but don't expect much, he has no staying power."

"Well he must be good at something, judging by the noise you've been making," laughed Matilda.

Erin waved me away, so I got up, picked up my clothes and followed Matilda to her room, which was also very nice and not at all piratical.

"Do you like skinny little elves then?" She asked me, " or would you prefer a real woman?"

I thought about Estella, the mature beauty who's toy-boy Percy was and compared the woman standing in front of me to her. Matilda was not far short of six foot, had a mass of long wavy dark brown hair, full sensuous lips and big brown eyes. Most of all, she had a massive pair of tits trying to burst out of the silk shirt that she wore.

"I like all women," I replied, "all shapes, all sizes. You, however, could be considered to be my favourite type."

"Your cock doesn't seem to agree with you," she chuckled, looking down at my shrivelled little penis.

"He needs a bit of time to recover," I told her as I went to her and started to massage those formidable breasts through the material of her shirt.

"They're a bit bigger than Erin's aren't they?" She asked as she pushed her shoulders back and her chest towards me.

"They're gorgeous," I replied as I continued to maul them.

"Take my shirt off," she told me.

I stopped work on her boobs and deftly unbuttoned her shirt. Unlike Erin, she was wearing a bra, which was a necessity in my opinion. It was a very nice bra made from cotton with lace edging. It had low cups so her milky white orbs were on display but her nipples were not. I reached around her and uncoupled the little hooks and eyes which fastened it, leaning down and kissing the exposed flesh.

"Oh," she murmured, "I like that."

I slipped the straps off her shoulders and pulled the bra away from her body. I let out a small gasp as I took in the sight of her big stiff pink nipples which I yearned to put my lips around.

"You are magnificent," I told her as I gazed at those tits.

"Thank you," she said in reply, "now show me how much you like me."

I took hold of her by her shoulders and pushed her backwards. She took a step back and fell onto her bed. I knelt astride her, leaned forward and took her left teat in my mouth. She moaned aloud as I started to suckle. I rubbed her right tit with my left hand and kneaded her flank with my right.

"Lower," she said, putting her hands on my shoulders and pushing me down.

She hurriedly unlaced her breeches and I grabbed hold of them and wriggled them down over her fulsome hips. She was barefoot so they came off easily and were thrown into the corner of the room.

I kissed my way down her tummy to her hairy mound. I took some of her coarse pubic hair in my mouth and worried it a little bit. She let out a little squeak of pain and slapped me on the back of my head.

"Careful!" She cried.

"Sorry mistress," I said, looking up from her bush, smiling at her and picking a couple of pubic hairs from between my teeth.

I kissed her pubes a bit more and then I reached my destination, her warm damp twat.

"Oh fuck yes!" She hissed as I found her clitoris with my tongue, "work on me, make me come!"

So I did.

"Mmmmm, mmmm, oooh, ooh, OH!" She cried as I brought her off, her leg curled around my head, hugging me to her snatch which was squirting like a fountain.

'I'm gonna drown,' I thought to myself as her juice flooded over my face, 'if she doesn't take her leg away from my head I'm gonna drown.'

Luckily she did move her leg and I was able to come up for air.

"By the gods!" She exclaimed after she had calmed down a bit, "you certainly know how to use that tongue!"

"Did I please you mistress?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied, "now let me see if I can put some life back into your cock."

She rolled me onto my back and leaned over me. She put her lips around my flaccid cock and began to suck on it gently. As she sucked me she used her tongue on me, running it up and down the slowly stiffening shaft.

"That's nice," I said to her, "I can feel him waking up."

She massaged my balls as she sucked on me and she tickled my perineum with her finger nail, it felt very nice. After only a few seconds of this treatment my cock was fully erect inside her mouth.

"Get on your back," I said to her as I pushed her off me, "I am going to fuck you."

"Ooh, who's being masterful?" She chuckled as she rolled onto her back and drew her legs up and apart.

I climbed between her thighs and lowered myself into her. We both gasped as I filled her hot juicy cunt with my meat. I started to fuck her with long, slow, deliberate thrusts.

"Oh fuck yes," she moaned as she felt my cock plunge into her up to the hilt and then pull all the way out, only for the whole process to be repeated again.

"Oh Matilda, oh fuck, oh goblins," I moaned as I felt her hot flesh envelope my cock.

My thrusts got faster, shorted and more frenetic. She pushed up towards me, trying to get more cock inside her than I had to offer. We stared into each other's eyes and both gasped aloud as we came, her vagina contracting, squeezing me and my cock throbbing, sending what little spunk I had into her.

"That was nice," I said as I rolled off of her and lay next to her.

"Yes," she agreed, "it was."

I nestled my head between those big beautiful breasts and drifted off to sleep, not caring about what tomorrow might bring.