 As Rustic and I made our way to the jetty he told me about his previous encounters with blue pixies.

"I can't help myself," he told me, "whenever I meet one she fucks me and robs me. You would think that I had learned my lesson. That little whore at the tavern took my last groats. But I wouldn't have changed a thing."

"Better to be poor and happy than rich and unhappy," I said as we walked along.

"I don't mind being poor," said Rustic, "but I don't like owing money to a witch."

"When we get our reward, I suggest you give me some of it to look after for you, just enough to settle your debt."

"Good idea, yes, I shall do that."

"There they are," I said, pointing to the end of the jetty, "our new employer and his assistant."

The young man and the imp were watching as supplies were loaded onto a boat. The boat was about forty foot long with a tall mast which had a large sail attached to it. We went over to the young man and I spoke to him.

"Percy and Rustic reporting for duty."

"My name is Largo, prince of the western elves," the young man said to me, " and this is Ikabod, my imp."

"Call me Ike," the imp said to me.

"And are these men your crew too?" I asked, pointing to the men loading the boat.

"Er, no," Largo replied, "they are just delivering our stores for the voyage."

"So are the rest of the crew still in the tavern saying goodbye to various whores?" Asked Rustic.

"No, we are the crew," Largo answered.

"Oh fuck," said Rustic.

'Oh fuck indeed,' I thought to myself.

"So just we four are going to take on a load of water bandits and rescue your girlfriend, are we?" Asked Rustic.

"We shall have surprise on our side," answered Largo.

"Well, I for one will be very fucking surprised if we pull this off," said Rustic.

One of the men loading our boat came over to us.

"You are going to hunt for water bandits?" He asked.

"Yes," said Largo.

"Take me with you," said the man, "those bastards stole my fishing boat and with it my livelihood, if we find them I will make them give it back."

"Very well," said Largo, "you may join our crew."

The man introduced himself as Finn. He looked to be in his mid thirties, of average height and looked quite fit and strong.

We were about to cast off when Werlock appeared. He was carrying a tabby cat.

"For the rats," he said, handing Largo the creature, " she is called Kat. Make sure you bring her back safe and sound."

Largo took the creature from him and dropped her on the deck, she ran towards the deck hatch and down the steps into the hold.

Werlock handed me two small bottles, one containing blue jelly and the other a silver coloured powder.

"You owe me four gold coins," he whispered to me, "pay me when you return."

He obviously expected me to know exactly what was in the bottles, and funnily enough I had a good idea what was. I put the bottles in my satchel and we shook hands.

"I promise to return Kat safely," I told him, "and to pay you."

We set sail and the evening breeze carried us away from the shore and off on our quest.

I was surprised at how comfortable the boat was. There was a day room in the superstructure on the deck and several cabins below deck. I was given a cabin of my own, as was Finn. Largo had the master room but Ike and Rustic had to make do with sleeping in among the supplies in the hold.

"Typical," said Rustic, "Bloody elves and humans always get the best digs."

"Think of the money he's paying you," I told him.

We supped on fish stew which Ike had prepared. As the weather was improving we sat on deck.

"How long will it take to find her?" Asked Rustic.

Largo shrugged as he put his bowl down for Kat to lick clean, "I don't know," he said, "there are many islands in the big water, she could be on any one of them."

"I am going to my cabin," I told them as I picked up Kat, "she can make sure there are no rats under my bunk."

"There are no rats on my boat," said Largo sniffily, "your wizard friend was very rude to think that there were."

"Well she's here now," I said as I walked towards the deck hatch, "I shall look after her."

I carried the cat into my cabin and put her on the floor. She walked around me, brushing herself against my legs and purring loudly. My balls began to tingle.

I took the small bottle containing the silver powder and removed the stopper.

'This looks like the stuff the witches used on Morag's cat,' I thought to myself, 'let's see if it is.'

With that, I poured some onto my palm and threw it into the air. The cat walked into the little cloud of dust that it formed and in a flash of light was transformed into a beautiful young woman.

'Fuck!' I thought, 'it worked!'

I looked at her for a few seconds. She was about five foot four with good sized rounded breasts, her hips were definitely womanly and her hands and feet small. Her lips were pink and her eyes were black. Her most distinctive features were that although her skin was pale the tip of her nose was black and her close-cropped hair was greeny-grey with black streaks. She had little pointy ears covered in tabby fur and a tail covered in the same.

"Hello," she purred, "do you like me? I like you."

I nodded dumbly, which I seemed to be doing more and more since I arrived in this strange magical world.

Kat came towards me, her hips swaying as she walked. I put my arms around her, pulled her to me and kissed her. We opened our mouths and let our tongues dance around together. Her mouth tasted of fish and her tongue was rough. She put her hand to my crotch and squeezed my stiffening penis gently through my breeches.

"I am naked," she said softly as she pulled her mouth away from mine, "why aren't you?"

As hints go, that was one of the strong ones and I tore my clothes off in a hurry. Within seconds my tunic, shirt, boots and breeches were in a pile on the cabin floor.

"Oh yes, you are handsome," she said, looking me up and down.

Then she dropped to her knees. I stood still and moaned softly as she licked my cock and balls and gently scratched her long sharp finger nails down my thighs.

"Oh my goodness," I said to her, "your tongue is so rough, but it feels so nice."

She chuckled, took my length inside her mouth and began to suck me off. The tip of my cock touched the back of her throat and I could feel her rough tongue grating the underside of my cockshaft, it felt wonderful.

"I'm gonna come in your mouth," I told her as I felt my seed rising.

She let out a muffled chuckle and kept sucking.

"Oh Kat! Oh Kat!" I cried as my cock exploded, sending jet after jet of spunk down her throat.

"Did I please you?" She asked as she took her mouth from me.

"Oh yes, you most certainly did," I told her.

She walked to the corner of the cabin and lay, curled up on the floor.

"You must sleep on my bunk," I told her, "not the floor."

"Oh," she said as she got up, "well if you want me to."

'Too bloody right, I want you to,' I thought to myself.

Kat climbed onto my bunk and curled up at the bottom of it, her tail swishing gently. I looked at her and smiled, she was so good to look at. I could see her slit and her cute little ring-piece when her tail swished out of the way.

"I want to touch you," I told her.

I put my finger to her slit and stroked it, she purred and her tail moved to the side to let me. I could feel her wetness as I moved my finger forwards, searching for her clitoris.

"Does a cat have a clitoris?" I asked aloud.

"I am not a cat, I am a woman," she replied, "and I certainly do."

Sure enough, my finger found her stiff little love-bud and I rubbed it, causing her to give off little moans of pleasure and her tail to swish frantically.

"Oh master!" She cried, "oh yes!"

I frigged her clit until she let out a loud miaow and her legs straightened, forcing my hand away. I could see the look of concentration on her face as she had what looked to me like a pretty intense orgasm.

"Oh fuck, that was nice," she said softly, focusing her eyes to look at me.

"It was nice to watch," I told her.

She put her hands over her face in embarrassment and curled up again. This time curling her tail between her legs. I leaned over her and kissed her gently on her cheek. She purred softly. I pulled back my blanket, got into bed and settled down for the night, a very satisfied smile on my face.