 Between the time I stopped being Ivan the imp and returned as Percy the handsome young man things had happened:

Ivan shook his head to regain some composure.

"I must have eaten a toadstool or something," he said to himself as he picked up a handful of snow and rubbed it over his face, "was I dreaming or did all that really happen?"

Ivan had found himself in the woods, not really knowing how he had come to be there. Ivan decided to go back to Estella's and see if he really had been in the company of a huntress and her squire.

As he approached the house he saw someone come out and wave to him, it was the squire.

'He is called Rob if I remember correctly,' thought Ivan, 'and Estella finds him attractive.'

"So you have made it here, eventually," said Rob as he came up to Ivan, "Nina has already gone back."

Ivan remembered the good-looking red-head called Nina, he would have liked to have put his cock in her. He also remembered that she and Rob were seeking somebody called Roz.

"I saw her in the woods," Ivan lied, "she wants us to continue looking for Roz."

"Oh, and where should we start to look?"

"I think I know," said Ivan, a smile appearing on his little pointy red face and a plan forming in his mischievous little mind.

"We can start in the morning," said Rob, "go round the back to the kitchens. Estella said you were allowed in there when you turned up. Cook will give you some food. Good night Jim."

"Night Rob," Ivan replied as he walked away.

'So he thinks I am someone called Jim,' thought Ivan, 'that's weird.'

Ivan went into the kitchen, lifted his pointy nose in the air and inhaled deeply, salivating as he caught the aroma of elk stew. He saw a large man stirring a large pot which was on a large oven.

"That smells nice," Ivan said to the man, "are you Cook?"

"I'm standing here slaving over a hot stove, up to my elbows in elk hooves and kidneys, what do you fucking think?" Came the reply.

'Hoof and kidney stew,' thought Ivan, 'my favourite.'

"They told me you would feed me," said Ivan.

"Sit in the corner and keep quiet," Cook told him, "I will get Rosie to serve you some up."

A buxom young woman, probably mid-twenties, entered the kitchen carrying some empty bowls.

"She's a bit miserable tonight," said the woman, "her new plaything is leaving in the morning and Percy has not come back to see her yet."

"She can have this if she wants," said Cook, grabbing his crotch and shaking it.

"She would have to be pretty bleedin' desperate to let you touch her," came the reply.

"Fuck off Rosie. I'll have you know I was quite the dashing young blade in my youth."

"Talking of young blades," said Rosie, "master Joe hasn't bothered me lately, all he ever seems to want is that pixie."

"Do I sense a bit of envy?"

"Perhaps a little bit. I like master Joe, it would be nice to be wanted by him again."

"What about the other two?"

"Toby is nice but Percy is lady Estella's and she is quite possessive of him."

Cook ladled stew into fresh bowls and Rosie put them on a tray to carry to the diners.

"Take one to the little red fucker in the corner," said Cook, pointing to Ivan, "apparently he needs feeding too."

Rosie took Ivan a bowl of stew and then carried the laden tray out of the kitchen. Ivan tucked into his food with relish, Cook was good at his job and the stew was delicious. 

"Any chance of seconds?" Asked Ivan as he held his empty bowl in front of the fat culinary artist.

"Dunno," replied Cook, "what do I get?"

Ivan smiled, "how about the chance to prove Rosie wrong?"

Cook gave Ivan a puzzled look, but as his curiosity was piqued he ladled a large serving of hoof and kidney stew into Ivan's bowl.

"This is fucking lovely," said Ivan as he ate, gravy dribbling down his chin, "I have to see someone tomorrow, but I shall be back in a day or so and then you will get your payment."

"Hmm," said Cook, "we'll see, we''ll see."

Ivan was awake early the next morning and went out of the house while everyone else was still sleeping.

Rob Hill was awoken by the very pleasant feeling of Estella's warm fingers wrapped around his cock. He could feel it stiffening as she slowly moved her hand up and down.

"Good morning Rob," she said softly, looking into his eyes and smiling, "is that nice?"

"Mmmm, yes," he replied, smiling back at her.

'As much as I like her,' he thought to himself, 'if I don't have a break from the continuous sex my balls are going to drop off.'

Estella took her hand away, got onto her hands and knees and straddled him. She reached down, took hold of his stiff cock, positioned it at her hole and settled down on him.

'Christ!' Thought Rob, 'her cunt is always wet!'

"Oh Rob!" Cried Estella as she bobbed up and down on him, her big tits bouncing in time with the rest of her.

Rob reached up and put his hands on them, massaging them and keeping them from flying around. Estella threw back her head and moaned loudly as she ground her hips, getting Rob's cock as far inside her as she could. Rob lay still, enjoying the feeling of the mature beauty's carnal exertions.

"Oh Rob," said Estella as she reached her climax, "oh Rob, oh Rob, OOOOH!"

"Hmmph," was the sound that left Rob's lips as he felt his cock throb, jetting his seed out of his cock and filling the dirty slapper.

Estella relaxed and looked down at her new lover, "do you have to leave?" She asked, pouting.

"Yes I do," he replied, "I must do my mistresses bidding, but I will come back, I promise."

Ivan was waiting for him when Rob walked out of Estella's house to continue in his quest to find Roz steward.

"Right then Jim," he said to Ivan, "which way?"

Ivan led him off down the path and into the woods.

"So," said Rob, "do you think you know who Roz has become? Is she a young woman like before, or someone a little more her own age?"

'What the fuck is he talking about?' Thought Ivan, then as things became clearer, ' the being he and the huntress seek is capable of taking other forms, that's interesting. Still, it serves my purpose even better.'

"She is now a lady of substance," Ivan answered with a chuckle.

They walked through the woods all day and it was getting late before they saw any sign of life.

Ivan led Rob to a large stone building with a large front door. The imp knocked on the door and it was opened by a large green creature standing nearly seven foot high with a big round head and huge hands.

"You got man for her?" the creature asked the imp.

"Look Orgun," replied Ivan, "here he is, isn't he handsome?"

A sense of unease crept over Rob as he looked at the creature, but he thought he could trust Jim. Ivan went into the building and he followed. The creature slammed the door behind them.

"This is Orgun," said Ivan, winking at Rob, "he is an orc, but you know that already, don't you?"

"Er, yes," said Rob, playing along.

"Come," said the orc, "she upstairs waiting."

The three of them climbed the large stone staircase. Orgun stopped at a big wooden door. He turned the knob and opened it. Ivan handed Rob a small phial containing a red liquid.

"You must drink this," he told him, "trust me, you must."

Rob unstoppered the phial and drank. Just as he swallowed the sweet-tasting liquid, Orgun shoved him into the room beyond the door and slammed it shut behind him. Rob stood and looked at what was sitting on the big bed in the middle of the room and shivered.

"Oh hello," it said to him, smiling, it's pointed fangs exposed as it's green lips curled apart, "I'm Orga, Orgun's sister."

Orga was not as big as her brother, but she was at least six foot six and heavily built. Her greasy black hair was parted in the middle and woven into pig tails, her big round face was leathery and lumpy. Her eyes were obsidian black and her big hands had lumpy fingers with long curling nails. Rob Hill had never seen such an ugly beast, but as the liquid he had swallowed took effect she became the only beast for him.

"You are gorgeous," he said as he crossed the room towards her, "just gorgeous."

"Oh, you're just saying that," Orga replied, turning away from him and looking down. If there was a shade of green called 'blush' then that was what she turned.

Rob stood in front of her and put his hands on her shoulders. She turned her face towards him and looked him in the eyes. Rob leaned forward and kissed her, open-mouthed. She responded by sticking her tongue in his mouth and wriggling it around.

"Mmmm," mumbled Rob.

The taste of the orc's saliva on his tongue was pretty foul but to Rob it was the best taste in the universe, his tongue danced around with her tongue and he felt her sharp teeth and her lumpy gums with the tip.

"Strip," she told him as she pushed him away, "I want to see your body."

Rob removed his clothing and stood, naked, in front of the big green female. His desire for her was evident in the erection he was sporting and the drop of pre cum that was oozing from the little slit in the tip of his cock.

"Stand on bed," she ordered him.

Rob got up onto the big bed and stood, hands on hips, pushing his stiff cock out in front of him. Orga leaned towards him, poked her tongue out and licked the drop of pre cum from him. Rob threw back his head and moaned softly as he felt her tongue caress his purple helmet.

"Mmm, salty," she murmured as she tasted man for the first time.

"I want to taste you," said Rob, "I want to eat you out."

Orga smiled and looked away again, "you are a naughty man," she said, "I don't know if I should let you."

Rob hopped off the bed and knelt in front of her. Orga gathered up her voluminous skirts and lifted them. Orga had no undergarments on and Rob gazed lustfully at the big hairy mound between her opening thighs.

"Oh, go on then," she said, raising her eyes to the ceiling, "have a little taste."

Rob shuffled his way between her outspread thighs and put his face to her muff. He inhaled deeply and the smell of onions filled his nostrils. He stuck out his tongue and licked the length of her slit which was dripping with her juice.

"Mmmm," she growled as she felt Rob's tongue on her warty labia, and then, "Ooooh," as she felt it prise her open and delve inside her.

Rob was not fond of raw onion, but Orga's juice tasted like the best raw onion in the universe and Rob lapped it up like a kitten laps up full-cream milk.

"Uhhhh!" Cried Orga.

"Mmmmmmm," mumbled Rob.

Orga fell back onto the big bed, lifted her legs up and spread them as far as she could. Rob tried to push his entire face inside her sloppy, dripping, furnace-hot cunt. Orga began to moan loudly as she approached her orc orgasm.

"Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh," she groaned as her body began to twitch and convulse.

"Mmm, " mumbled Rob, a slurping sound emanating from where he was busy working his tongue up her.

"AAAAARRRRRGGGHHHH!" Screamed Orga as she had the most intense orgasm of her life.

Rob tried to drink down all the liquid that squirted from her pulsing hole but there was just too much of it. Rob's face and hair were soaked in a pale green sticky mess that stank of onion. He loved it!

"Enough," said Orga as she sat up, grabbed Rob by the hair and pulled him away from her twat, "I can't take any more."

Rob knelt up and looked on as the big bitch fell back onto the bed once again and caught her breath.

"You taste wonderful," he told her, a huge smile on his face.

Rob took a handful of Orga's voluminous underskirt in his hand, wiped her sticky ejaculate from his face and kissed her gently on her inner thigh.

"Undress me," she told him.

Rob took his time, removing her shoes first to expose her big green feet with their gnarly toes and long dirty nails. Then he undid her cotton bodice slowly, revealing her big green body a bit at a time. 

He gazed on her leathery skin with wonder, leaning forward from time to time to kiss her on a wart or a boil. When he exposed her big green breasts with their big green nipples he nearly came there and then, he was so excited. Rob climbed onto her, took her left teat in his mouth and began to suck it.

"Oh that is nice," she said softly as she felt him nip her tit gently with his teeth.

Orga reached down and took his stiff cock in her hand. Rob winced a little as she squeezed it a little too tightly, but the feeling of her knobbly fingers wrapped around his manhood proved too much and he sent streamers of thick white spunk all over her skirts which were still gathered about her waist.

"Sorry," he said as he felt himself come on her, "but you turn me on so much I just could not help it."

"Never mind," she replied, "you can do me in the morning."

Rob carefully removed the rest of Orga's clothes without getting any of his sticky stuff on her and piled them in a corner. He gazed on her naked form with wonder.

"God, you are a beauty," he told her.

"I bet you say that to all the girls," she replied, trying to look coy.

Orga slipped under her bedclothes and Rob hopped in next to her. He gave her a kiss goodnight and tried to put his arm around her but he just couldn't quite reach so he let her put her arm around him and they drifted off to sleep.

Rob awoke early in the morning and sniffed, he could smell something and it wasn't nice. He turned slowly to see what it was he was lying next to and he gasped when he saw it.

'Jesus-fucking-christ,' he thought to himself, 'what happened?'

Orga was sound asleep, snoring gently - well, as gently as an orc can- a dribble of pale green liquid running down her big green cheek and puddling on the pillow.

Rob slipped out of the bed and gathered up his clothes. He dressed without making a sound and crept out of the room.

"Not very gentlemanly of you Rob," came a voice from his right as he softly closed the door behind him.

"What the fuck happened?" Rob asked the red imp who was standing on the landing.

"This," replied Ivan, waving a phial of red liquid.

"That thing is what Roz has become?" Said Rob, "poor woman."

"Well at least you found her," the imp lied, "now give me my money and I'll be off."

"What money?"

"Nina said that you would pay me when I found the woman for you."

"No she fucking didn't! Hang on, you're not Jim at all, are you, what have you done with Jim?"

Ivan didn't hang about to wait for Rob's next move, he scurried down the stairs, through the big wooden door and away. Rob followed, making sure he put some distance between himself and Orga.

' I hope I can find that tree,' he thought to himself as he tried to remember from which direction he had travelled.