 Let's start with a flashback:

Werlock the wizard got wind of Largo's expedition.

"You are going on a trip," he told his cat as he walked into his kitchen where she was lying in front of the fire.

Kat looked up at her master. She understood everything he said but could not reply except by mewing, so she mewed.

"A bunch of mugs are going up against the water bandits," said Werlock, "they are likely to be taken and sold as slaves to the trolls in the east. I want you to go with them."

Kat swished her tail in annoyance, she didn't want to leave the wizard's nice comfy home to go away with a bunch of mugs.

"The young human known as Percy will be your master," Werlock told her, "let him use you as he wishes to. He will likely turn you back into a woman and use you for his pleasure, let him."

Kat purred, she liked being turned back into a young woman, especially if she was to go with a handsome young man. She hoped this Percy was handsome.

"Once the water bandits have taken you all captive and sold you on, the trolls will take you to their sapphire mine. Once you have learned of it's whereabouts you must escape and return to me."

Kat miaowed in acknowledgement.

And so it was, a few days later, that Kat was sunning herself on the foredeck of Largo's boat while the others searched the island for his fiance.

'Once they are taken by the bandits,' she thought to herself, 'the bandits will come for this boat and take us all to the trolls.'

Kat felt quite content, Percy had turned out to be very handsome. She smiled to herself, stretched, swished her tail and closed her eyes, she loved sunbathing.

"What have we here?" Came the deep voice that brought Kat back from her nap, "a very pretty wizard's cat by the look of things."

She opened her eyes to see a large rough looking man standing over her. A not so large rough looking man was standing next to him. 

"Where is my master?" She asked, "are we your captives?"

"There's no one else aboard puss-puss," said the large rough looking man, "just you, me and Charlie here."

"Let's take her back to the boys, Eddie," said the smaller rough looking man, "we can come back later for this boat."

Eddie took Kat by the arm, pulled her to her feet and led her to the side. Charlie picked up her discarded shirt and belt.

"Put this on, pussy-cat," he told her, "we don't want you to get sunburnt."

They all got into a small rowing boat that was tied to the side of Largo's craft. Eddie pushed them off and Charlie started to row. Eddie sat at the stern and made Kat sit on his lap.

"She is a very, very pretty cat," said Charlie as he rowed, "I wonder what her name is."

"My name is Kat," she told them, "are you water bandits?"

"We prefer to be called traders," chuckled Eddie as he put his big rough arms around Kat, put his big rough hands on her chest and began to rub her breasts through the material of her shirt.

"Yeah," said Charlie,"we supply the trolls with what they want."

Kat smiled, soon she would know the location of the sapphire mine and could return to the comfort of Werlock's nice warm house.

"Ooh, she's smiling," said Charlie to Eddie," she must like what you are doing to her.

"Do you like it?" The big rough man asked her as he rubbed her boobs through her shirt.

"It's o.k." she replied as she nuzzled the stubble on his chin with her forehead and cheek.

Eddie stopped rubbing her boobs, unbuttoned her shirt and put his right hand in. Kat mewed softly as she felt his rough fingers brush over her nipples.

Eddie smiled at his friend and winked. Charlie smiled back as he stopped rowing and began to unlace his scruffy, weather-beaten breeches.

Eddie took hold of Kat's chin, turned her face up to his and kissed her forcefully on the lips. She let out a muffled mew of pleasure as his tongue pushed it's way into her mouth and wriggled around.

"Shall I suck your cock?" She asked once he had pulled his mouth away from hers.

'Fuck me!' He though to himself, 'we've got a hot one here!'

Kat slid off his lap and knelt down in front of him. Eddie unlaced his breeches and took out his stiffening cock. Kat put her fingers around it, pulled back the foreskin, opened her mouth, leaned forward and took his not insignificant length all the way in.

"Oh fuck, that is so nice!" He cried as he felt the tip of his cock rubbing against the back of Kat's throat.

Charlie knelt behind Kat, lifted her shirt, held her tail out of the way with his left hand, held his cock at her slit with his right and gently pushed it in her.

"Mmmmm, mmm, mmm," Mumbled Kat as she felt Charlie's rather large and very stiff cock penetrate her.

"Is she wet?" Asked Eddie.

"Wet enough," replied Charlie as he began to thrust very carefully in and out of Kat.

"Mmmmm, mmmm, mmm," mumbled Kat yet again as she felt herself being plundered from the front and the rear.

The gentle rocking of the rowing boat added an extra dimension to the fucking she was getting and very soon she felt herself getting very aroused. She began to suck quite hard on the cock in her mouth and push back against the cock filling her vagina.

"She's definitely warming to this," said Charlie as he began to thrust a little faster.

"Yes, she is," agreed Eddie as he put his big rough hands either side of her head and began to face-fuck her.

"Mmmm, mmmm, mmm," Mumbled Kat.

"Here it comes!" Cried Eddie as he felt his seed rise.

"Me too!" Cried Charlie as his cock began to throb.

"MMMMM!" Mumbled Kat as she first spurts of spunk began to hit the back of her throat, choking her.

Eddie took his hands away and Kat pulled back, coughing up gouts of his white sticky mess.

"Ooops, sorry," he chuckled as his cum kept squirting out, striping her head.

"Uh!" Cried Charlie as he held Kat firmly by her waist and ejaculated a copious amount of spunk into her.

Eventually both rough looking men finished coming on or in their attractive young captive and she knelt in the boat recovering from her ordeal.

"That was nice," said Charlie, "that was very nice."

"Can I get in the water and clean myself?" Asked Kat.

The two rough looking men nodded. Kat undid her belt and slipped her shirt off. She slid over the side of the little boat and into the warm shallow water. She swam around, washing the cum from her hair and out of her vagina.

"Franz will be pleased with us," said Eddie, "she is a real beauty."

Kat finished her swim and Eddie helped her back into the boat. Charlie resumed rowing and Kat put the shirt and belt back on. 

Their destination was a two masted boat which was a little larger than the one she had just been taken from. Charlie rowed alongside and a rope ladder was lowered to the rowboat. Eddie went up first, followed by Kat and then Charlie who took great pleasure in looking up Kat's shirt to see her lovely ass cheeks rolling as she ascended the rope ladder.

"Look what we found," said Eddie as he climbed over the rail and onto the deck of the boat.

Kat got on deck and looked at her surroundings. The boat was neat and clean with all it's ropes in neat coils on deck and it's sails furled tidily. Standing in a semi circle in front of her were eight males. Two humans, two dwarfs, two elves and two large ugly orcs.

"A wizard's cat!" Exclaimed one of the dwarfs, "now that's something you don't see every day!"

One of the humans walked towards her, bowed, took her hand, leaned forward and kissed it. Kat liked the look of him, he was young looking, clean shaven and dressed nicely.

"May I introduce myself?" He asked, "I am Franz Schipp, the leader of this little band of rogues."

"Kat," Kat replied, her tail swishing gently, showing her pleasure at the meeting.

"I hope my men have treated you well," said Franz.

"Perhaps a little foreplay would have been preferred," Kat replied, "maybe you might provide a little after play?"

Franz looked at Eddie and Charlie who enacted a crude mime of what had happened in the rowboat.

"It would be an honour," said Franz, taking Kat by the hand and leading her towards the stern.

"Fucking goblins!" Exclaimed the dwarf, "she's one hot kitty!"

As Franz led her away, Kat looked over her shoulder at the dwarf, winked and mouthed the words 'you next'. He turned bright red and a bulge appeared in his breeches.

Once they were in his cabin, Franz undid Kat's belt, unbuttoned her shirt and slipped it from her body. He stood back and looked at her. She smiled at him, swished her tail gently, licked the back of her hand and wiped it down her cheek. Franz could feel his cock stiffening as he watched her perform her cat-like actions.

Kat walked over to the bunk at the side of the cabin and climbed onto it. She lay on her back with her tail tucked forward and opened her legs, putting her tabby muff on display for him. Her tail lay flat on the bunk but the tip flicked about as if it had a will of it's own.

"By the gods you are a beauty," said Franz as he climbed onto the bunk and put his head between her thighs.

"OH!" Cried Kat as Franz found her clitoris with his tongue and began to lick it.

Franz put his fingers to her labia and gently pulled them apart, affording his tongue better access to her love-bud. He could feel the tip of her tail flicking across his shirt and her claw-like finger nails scratching his hair as she became more and more aroused.

"Ooooh!" Moaned Kat as she approached her climax.

Franz's chin was dripping with cunt juice as Kat started to squirt, her cunt pulsing, her orgasm reaching it's peak. He kept his tongue at work, determined to give her what she wanted.

"Enough, enough," she moaned as she pushed him away, "please stop."

He looked up from between her thighs and watched her as she peaked and came down, eyes closed, arms twitching. Franz smiled and congratulated himself on a good job well done.

"Was the after play to your satisfaction?" He asked after she had opened her eyes again.

"Yes," she purred, "very much so."

"Then it is time for me to fuck you," he said as he stood up and unlaced his breeches.

Kat smiled when she saw what was going to be put inside her, for Franz had a cock of good proportion. She beckoned him to her and he got between her legs and lowered himself into her.

"Ooh!" She cried as she felt herself being filled with cock.

"Ooooh," he murmured as he felt her cunt envelope him and her tail rub against his balls at the same time.

Franz fucked her with long determined thrusts, savouring every movement. He also savoured every tickle of his balls by her furry appendage.

"Faster, faster," urged Kat as the fucking pushed her towards another orgasm.

Franz upped the tempo and Kat's tail began to swish around more quickly tickling not only his balls but his ass hole too.

"Oh YESSSS!" Squealed Kat as she came.

"Uh, uh, uh, UUUUUUHHHH!" Shouted Franz as he shot a huge load of cum into her.

Franz finished putting his mess inside Kat, pulled out of her and sat on the bunk beside her. She looked up at him and smiled.

"My band of followers will all want their turn with you," he told her, "it is our code to share our spoils."

"I don't mind," she said, stroking his arm with her pointed nails, "if they are as considerate as you in their love-making."

Franz led the naked Kat back up on deck where the others had stripped off in preparation for what they were about to get. Kat was a bit apprehensive when she saw the size of the orc's cocks, they were long and thick and knobbly and so very green!

"She's dripping on my deck!" Said one of the dwarfs,"I only scrubbed it an hour ago!"

They all stared at her tabby muff and could see Franz's spunk dribbling out of her and landing on the planking. One of the orcs strode over to her, picked her up in his big, strong green arms and tossed her overboard. She landed in the water with a splash.

"You bastard!" Kat shouted up at him as she floundered around in the water.

"Orson want you clean for him to put cock inside cunt," the orc shouted down in reply.

"Hang on Orson," said the dwarf that Kat had winked at, "she said that I was next after Franz."

"Yes, but we all know you're gonna fuck her in her ass," put in one of the elves, "you always want to fuck girls in their asses."

Kat finished washing the cum from her vagina and climbed up the rope ladder to the deck. She stood in front of the males, water dripping from her body, her tail flicking itself dry. One of the men placed a sack stuffed with wool on the deck and indicated to her to get onto it.

"On your hands and knees if you would," he said to her, "Douglas would like to fuck you in your ass."

"My ass hole is very small, I hope he isn't well endowed," said Kat, a note of trepidation in her voice.

"Don't worry," the man replied, "we have purloined some blue jelly from a wizard in Fishton."

Kat got onto the woolsack and presented her rear end. She felt a pair of stubby fingers apply some of the jelly to her puckered ring, it felt quite pleasant. She sucked her breath in a little when the fingers pushed their way inside her and wriggled around, lining her back passage with the gel.

"Oh I am going to enjoy this," the dwarf said in a husky voice as he put the tip of his cock at her back door.

"Oh!" Cried Kat as she felt the dwarf's engorged cock head squeeze inside her.

"Oh goblins!" Cried the dwarf as he pushed his stubby cock all the way in.

"What's she like?" Asked one of the men.

"Fucking lovely!" Replied the dwarf.

Once he was inside her, Kat found that being buggered by the dwarf was not unpleasant at all. She dug her nails into the sack beneath her and let him do as he wished, which was to ram his cock in and out of her ass quite rapidly until he let out a cry and stopped moving.

"Oh goblins, oh goblins!" He cried as he started to pump a huge load into her colon.

A cheer went up from the small audience who all had their cocks in their hands and were rubbing themselves, some slowly and some quite quickly. The dwarf pulled out of her and Kat rolled onto her back and opened her legs wide.

"Come on then Orson, you big bastard," she said as she looked at the orc who had thrown her overboard, "lube me up and stick it in me."

The orc was dribbling in anticipation, both from his mouth and his cock, which was producing a copious amount of sticky green pre cum. One of the men reached down and applied some of the blue gel to Kat's vagina with his finger tips. Kat let out a little mew as she felt his fingers slip a little way inside her.

Kat had to spread her legs really wide to enable the big green bastard to get his bulky body between them and stick his cock in her, but she managed it. She let out a sigh as she felt herself being filled, filled but not stretched, the jelly was very effective, to the point of being magical.

"Go on then Orson," said one of the men, "see if you can make her come."

Orson the orc gave Kat a really good fucking, in fact it was one of the best she had ever experienced. He stuffed his big knobbly cock in and out of her at a fast rate, stimulating her vaginal walls and one of the warts on his cock even rubbed her clit as he fucked her.

"Oh yes! Oh yes, you big green bastard! Fuck me, fuck me!" Cried Kat as she approached yet another climax.

"Orson like this, " said the orc as he stuffed Kat with all he had, "Orson coming now."

And he did, pumping lots and lots of thick green orc cum into Kat as she experienced a very strong orgasm.

"Ooooooh!" She shouted as she came, her claws out, raking his green hide, making him bleed.

"That has got to hurt," said on of the onlookers as Orson's blood began to trickle out of the wounds.

"I don't think he cares," said another in reply as Orson lifted his head and let out a loud groan of pleasure.

Orson climbed off of Kat and stood up. A stream of thick sticky green liquid flowed from her as she lay on her back recovering from the fucking she had just been given.

"Get her up on her knees," one of the men said, "let's see what she's like at giving head."

The elves took hold of her under her arms and lifted her up. She knelt on the wool sack and blew the rest of the crew in turn, swallowing all they gave her. When they had all shot their loads down her throat she got back into the water to clean herself up again.

"Can we keep this one?" Doug the dwarf asked Franz.

"Not likely!" He replied, "with her aboard, we would never get any thieving done!"

Kat was fed and put in the hold for the night, during which she was visited by several members of the crew who introduced their members to her warm, welcoming cunt.

"How far away do the trolls have their mine?" She asked Enro the elf as he lay next to her regaining his breath after having fucked her energetically.

"A long way away," he replied, turning towards her and putting his hand on her breast.

"When will we go there?"

"When we have some more cargo. Now stop asking questions and let me suck your tits."

Kat purred with pleasure as Enro suckled, she liked having her tits sucked.

Next morning Franz sent four of his men to go and retrieve Largo's boat. They returned empty-handed, informing him that it had gone. Franz ordered his crew to weigh anchor, they were going to look for it.