 To all of you "waiting for it to get good", this chapter marks the first of many erotic interludes between the characters. Also, the first few chapters may be difficult to follow because of all of the characters, but that should subside from now on as the story begins to follow a handful of them. 

****************

Istvan's eyes were wide and unable to look away. The war on Eberron had taken so much... Their freedoms, sure, but simple things as well. Istvan realized, watching Madeline, that he could not remember the last time he had been with a woman and as he became aware of this, he also realized how quickly his body was responding to the visage before him.

Madeline's form was slender and sleek; her movements fluid as she bent to test the water of the tub she had drawn for her bath. Carefully, her hands swept Chestnut locks upward, tying them delicately atop her head. 

The movement caused her tits to bounce slightly against her chest. It was here that Istvan's eyes lingered. Perfectly sized ivory orbs, marked in the center by a coin sized circle. Her nipples had already hardened from the cool spring time air around her and Istvan's hands ached to run over them.

Her chest tapered into a curved waist and then expanded again over smooth hips. At her joining was a mound of dark hair, forming a perfect triangle against her alabaster thighs.

The woman was utterly unaware that she was being watched and she carefully tested the water with her hand while sitting along side the tub. Finding it to her liking, Madeline brought her feet over the edge one at a time and then slid into the steaming water with a relaxed sigh.

There was a thick woods behind the cabin and before he knew it, Istvan had slipped behind it and was peering into a window he had no business looking into. Only the sudden words from behind gave him what he needed to stop staring.

"Like what you see, do you?" Asked the voice of Bella from behind him. She smirked and cocked an eyebrow at him. "We could share, I suppose," she suggested with a nod toward the window. "But then, I'm not always the sharing type."

The woman gave him a smile as she turned to walk deeper into the woods, suggesting he would be the world's biggest idiot if he didn't follow after her leaving Istvan torn between humiliation and intrigue.

Ultimately, curiosity won out. Istvan blushed and looked from the window to the woman and then back and then back again, before he rushed after her, scratching his scalp nervously.

"Share? I mean, you are not going to tell her what I saw are you? Keep it between us.", he asked and insisted, not sure why they were headed into the woods; but his eyes then paid attention to her form and he needed no further urging. The last stages of the demonic invasion had robbed everyone of the time or desire to enjoy more pleasurable pursuits. 

Bella stopped and smiled confidently. "I suppose that depends on what you are willing to do in order to ensure my mouth is kept shut," she suggested, stopping in a small clearing and turning to face him as she slowly untied the top of her dress in a rather enticing manner.

"My silence could be bought for an hour or so of... service," she replied in a saucy tone. "Presuming I find the required service satisfactory, then you have paid for my silence regarding your indiscretion with the lady's privacy." She wagged her finger at him, as if to mock him for misbehaving. In the process, the dress slid neatly off of her form, with no shyness whatsoever on her part.

If Madeline's naked form had aroused him, Istvan was helpless in the presence of a goddess like Bella. Rather than sleek, Bella was nothing but curves in all the right places. Her large breasts fell against her chest with a bounce and a gentle breeze pushed her scent of arousal to Istvan's awaiting nose. He stood, for a moment, gazing in awe at Bella's stunning beauty, before swallowing hard.

Bella cocked a brow at him. "Your trousers are still affixed, Mr. Carcosa," she replied in a seductive voice.

"I... yes," he answered, instantly fumbling with the belt.

Bella offered him a chuckle and strode forward, casually swaying her hips. She easily fell to her knees and carefully pulled Istvan's enlarged dick free. She smiled, as if pleasantly surprised. "It appears our noblewoman has aroused you well," she murmured as she ran her tongue up the length of his shaft.

Istvan let out a sharp gasp at the sensation, forcing himself to endure it long enough to bury himself inside of this surprising woman. Bella offered a devilish grin at his reply and kept her light brown eyes directed upward as she drew his head into her mouth.

Bella let out a pleased moan, swishing her tongue back and forth across his thickness as she took as much of him into her mouth as she could. Anything that simply wouldn't fit was treated to her hands, gently massaging his now swollen balls and stroking along his base.

By instinct alone, Istvan's hands pushed forward, tangling in Bella's hair. It had been such a long time and Bella's mouth was perfectly warm and wet, her tongue more talented than any woman he had ever bedded. Istvan was almost unaware that he let out a deep, satisfied groan of approval and he certainly wasn't conscious of the gentle back and forth rhythm he was beginning to develop with her mouth.

With each pass of her tongue, Bella was driving Istvan mad. Within a matter of moments, his thrusting became more insistent and soon, he was trying to pull out of her mouth. Much to his horror, Bella would not allow it. "I... I'm.... I- Uhhhhh" He couldn't finish the thought before his first wave of hot seed splashed into her mouth and down her throat.

Bella swallowed and suckled until she had completely finished every last drop. Istvan collapsed to his knees in exhaustion.

"I don't think so," Bella teased, easing him to his back. Istvan hardened again almost instantly. 

Bella straddled him and began nibbling on his neck as she slid his hardened length into her steamy folds. Bella's arousal was undeniable and as her velvety lips wrapped around his thick cock, Istvan half wondered if he would come prematurely just at the bliss of the sensation.

She pulled herself up so that only the head remained inside before dropping down hard, impaling herself on his length. Both she and Istvan let out a cry with each fervish stroke. As their rhythm began to crescendo again, Istvan found himself bucking his hips so as to impale her harder and harder. The woman was in ecstasy for it.

"Come on," He urged her, watching as her tits bounced each time he thrust hard into her waiting sex. "Come on. Give it to me."

"Harder. Harder!" She cried out. "Oh Gadhelyn... Fuck me Harder!" She almost screamed.

Istvan continued to thrust harder and harder into her until the slapping of their bodies echoed in the glade around him.

Suddenly, Bella's eyes burst open and she gasped in desperation. Istvan was already on the verge of coming a second time when he felt her walls begin to clamp down around him. It was all he needed to throw him over the edge and he sprayed into her depths as her womanhood clenched furiously to his dick.

Bella collapsed, panting in delight into his ear as Istvan found himself seeing stars. The woman was amazing; far beyond anyone he had ever experienced. He knew in this moment that she was who the gods had intended for his mate.

"I hope you are not finished," she panted through a smile. "You are far too delectable not to enjoy all night."

Istvan smiled at her, running his hand gently over her raven hair. "How shall I take you now, lover?" He inquired in a husky tone.

Bella leaned in, her breath tickling his ear. "In the manner you imagined taking her," she offered. "We shall have her together," she volunteered. "I will make her do amazing things for you, my dear."

Istvan lost his smile at the implication, but he was already hardening again. "I... I uh..."

Bella merely smiled. "In time, in time. For now, it seems as though I must relieve you again."

Istvan frowned again, now starting to wonder if the woman wasn't manipulating him for some end. Frustrated, he pushed her off of him and then forced her to flip to her hands and knees. In an instant he was behind her, positioning his thick head in her swollen and drenched pussy.

"And I may have you any manner I wish?" He inquired in a hot voice that spoke of power.

"Oh please," she let out, her lips quivering in anticipation around his head.

Istvan clamped his hands onto her hips. He'd figure out her intentions later. For now, he needed this release. He needed it hard and fast.

In a powerful trust, Istvan pushed all the way in and then pulled nearly all the way out. Bella gasped at being so utterly filled in one moment and then empty again in another. "I wonder... will you come when I wish it?" Istvan pondered as he continued pumping into her, each time taking her breath away.

Bella grinned in spite of herself. "Is that how you like it?" She asked, almost rhetorically. "But of course, master," she replied in a perfectly submissive voice.

Istvan quivered slightly. Bella was truly gifted at making love and it could take him a lifetime to become her equal. Rather than becoming daunted at the mere thought of her potential, Istvan focused on the present. He continued to slam into her, feeling her become more and more aroused with each powerful thrust.

"Beg me!" He cried out, almost unable to contain his own lust any further. "Ask for it-"

"Oh Please!" she nearly screamed. "Please let me come! Let me come and let me suck your dick again, please!"

Istvan was already reeling from the pleasure. He reached around to grope her large breasts as he guided her hips to obey their thrusts. Finding her nipple already hard, he pinched it until she cried out, writhing against him in unbridled passion.

"So be it," he replied.

Bella let out another impassioned cry as her orgasm ripped through her. Istvan felt her vaginal walls clamp down around him, offering her grunts of approval as he continued his thrusting.

The moment her orgasm was complete, Bella pushed him back and instantly swallowed his entire length. Her head bobbed obediently along his shaft, urging him to fuck her face as he pleased.

Istvan did not disappoint. Her mouth was truly a treat and he meant to experience it as many times as he could. This time, he latched onto her face and took more control, truly fucking her mouth for his maximum pleasure. "Oh Bella," he let out. "Oh you feel so amazing..."

Bella was exhausted but diligent. While Istvan manned the pumping, her hands again went to attend to his balls and base of his shaft while her tongue swished to and fro. She added just enough suction with her mouth and Istvan let out a pleased moan.

Within seconds, he was coming again, shooting hot cum down Bella's throat and filling her mouth. The stimulation was nearly too much for the man and the moment he had filled her again, his eyes rolled back and Istvan passed out from fatigue...