 Kaye climbed up and sat on the seat next to Gretchen, with me tucked under her arm.

"Will you take us with you?" She asked.

"Happily," replied the carter, "but shouldn't you be working in the tavern?"

"No, it's fine," Kaye told her, "Roger doesn't mind me having a little holiday."

Gretchen cracked her whip and the oxen pulled the cart away, back towards where my journey had started so many weeks before.

"Do you know the house of lady Estella?" Kaye asked our driver.

"No, but if you direct me, I am sure I can drop you there."

"Thanks, that would be very kind of you."

"Why are we gong there and not straight to the woods?" I asked, but it came out as miaow.

"That is one noisy cat you have there," said Gretchen, "I wonder what he is trying to tell us."

"Yes, he can be a bit chatty. I tend to ignore him."

"Just chuck some of that powder on me," I miaowed.

Gretchen and Kaye chatted away as we journeyed along. I decided to jump into the back of the cart and have a cat nap.

"Is this the place?" I heard Gretchen say as we pulled up near Estella's house.

"Yes. Thank you for bringing me," I heard Kaye reply.

I jumped down from the cart and started towards the woods, expecting Kaye to follow me, but she climbed down from the cart and went off in the other direction.

"Farewell!" Cried Gretchen as she cracked her whip, which got the oxen moving again.

"Laters!" Cried Kaye in reply.

I followed Kaye around the back of the house, around a large pond and into the field beyond.

"Hello! Mr. Hare!" She shouted as she looked around the wild meadow in which we were standing.

"You came back then," came a voice from the long grass, "eventually."

I was both surprised and puzzled when a hare appeared in front of us.

"How do you know him and how come he can talk?" I asked. But as always.....

The hare looked at me, smiled and said, "miaow!"

"How much do I get?" Kaye asked the hare.

"Ten gold pieces, ten."

"Promise?"

"I swear."

Kaye took the bottle of dust from her shoulder bag, tipped some onto the palm of her hand and threw it into the air. The hare jumped up and the cloud of dust enveloped him. There was a flash and a bang.

"Who or what the fuck are you?" Kaye asked, a shocked look on her face.

"Oh fuck!" I shouted, "there is gonna be trouble!" But, as always......

The creature standing in front of us was well over seven foot tall with a man's head and torso. There were two short horns sticking out from the sides of his forehead, but otherwise he had quite an acceptable visage. The worrying thing was that although he was standing on two legs, those legs were more goat-like than human.

"Thank you little pixie," he said in a sonorous voice, "you have released me from bondage. I just need to make sure the spell is completely broken."

With that, he snatched the bottle of dust from Kaye's fingers and upended it into his mouth.

"Oy!" I shouted, "that was supposed to be for me!" But, as always....

My anger was replaced by one of shock as the creature licked his lips with what looked like about eighteen inches of thick purple forked tongue.

"Where's my gold?" Asked Kaye, holding out her hand.

"You have just released God knows what from God knows where and all you can think about is the money?!" I shouted at her. But, as always....

"I shall take you to it," the creature told Kaye, "but first I will sample your pretty little body."

"You will, will you?" Asked Kaye, defiantly.

"There will be another gold coin for you," the creature said by way of reply, "and I assure you that you will enjoy it."

"Another gold coin? Oh well, go on then."

I sat in the grass and watched as Kaye stripped off her dress, boots, bra and panties. A broad smile appeared on the creature's face as he took in the sight of her beautiful breasts, flat tummy and that alluring pelt of pale blue just below.

Kaye lay on her back and opened her legs. The creature knelt in front of her and leaned down. Kaye let out a sigh as the creature put his mouth to her slit and kissed it. She looked down at the creature as he went to work on her, then her eyes widened and she let out a gasp as the creature pushed that long purple forked tongue inside her.

"Oh fucking hell!" She exclaimed, "how long is your tongue?"

The creature gave a muffled laugh and raised his eyes to look into hers. My balls started to fizz.

"Oh the gods!" Cried Kaye as the creature fucked her with his tongue, "oh the fucking gods!"

The tongue fucking went on for a couple of minutes and then Kaye let out a high pitched shriek and her body went into a series of convulsions as she had what must have been the most earth shattering orgasm imaginable.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" She shouted as she continued to come, even after the creature had pulled his tongue from her.

"I told you that you would enjoy it," said the creature as he lifted her up, span her over and plonked her back down on her hands and knees, "and now I am going to enjoy you."

I watched as the creature knelt up, reached down into his hairy groin and pulled back the covering of his long thin pointy pink penis. The cock in question was at least ten inches long but quite thin, probably not much thicker than a man's finger. It looked as stiff as a poker. The creature took hold of Kaye by her waist, lifted her up and impaled her on that poker.

"OH!" Cried Kaye in surprise, still not having recovered from the tongue-fuck that she had been given.

"Ughn!" Groaned the creature as he felt the pixie's cunt enveloped him.

"I wish I was doing that," I said aloud, but as always.......

The creature did not thrust his hips, he used his arms to raise and lower Kaye up and down on his cock, slowly at first, but moving her at an increasing rate until she looked like a rag doll flopping around.

"Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck yes!" She shouted as she approached another orgasm.

"Uh,uh,uh,uh," Grunted the creature as he used Kaye as a masturbating device.

All of a sudden the creature stopped ramming Kaye up and down and held her firmly to him. I could tell by the look on his face that he was cumming in her. I could see that she was coming as well.

He came for a long time. Kaye's body relaxed, her arms and head hung down as if she was unconscious, but I could tell that she was not by the little squeaks that came from her mouth.

Eventually the creature let go of Kaye's waist and she fell forward in a heap in the grass. The creature's cock had softened and it retracted back into it's hairy pouch.

"I have not had pixie for many a year," said the creature, smiling broadly, "but it was as good as I remember."

'I hope he doesn't like cat,' I thought to myself.

"Who are you?" Kaye asked in a whisper.

"I am Devo," the creature replied in his booming voice, "I am the demon of the south."

"Oh," said Kaye, still in a whisper.

"Come on, up you get," said Devo as he stood, reached down, picked Kaye up and flopped her over his shoulder, "we have far to travel to get you your gold coins."

"What about me?!" I shouted loudly, but as always....

Devo turned to look at me. I could see a river of white goo running down from between Kaye's legs and coating Devo's hairy chest and stomach.

"Go away you noisy little fucker!" He shouted at me, an annoyed look on his face.

Not wanting to anger a demon, I did as ordered and ran back towards the house. I looked back to see Devo walk off into the woods, a quiescent Kaye slung over his shoulder.

I went into the kitchen where Cook was busy preparing a meal. he saw me, smiled and threw a scrap of meat to me.

"I think I'll keep you," he said, "you can keep the mice away."

So I spent the next few days as Cook's mouser.

Toby came into the kitchen one morning carrying Kaye's discarded clothing.

"This looks like the dress your cousin was wearing when she came to visit," he said to Lottie, "I found it in the woods."

"She's been carried off by a demon!" I shouted. But as always....

Toby was duly dispatched to Fishton to return Lettie's clothes to her and make sure she was at home.

The next day I was wandering around the house when I happened upon a meeting between Estella and a witch. 

"Both of my paramours have left me and now Toby has gone on an errand," she complained, "and even though Cook can seem to be quite desirable at times, I would like something to comfort me on the lonely nights."

The old crone sitting with her smiled a consolatory smile and patted her lap with with bony old fingers.

"There are a couple of options," the witch told her, "you could use a dildo, or, as I prefer, keep a familiar to hand."

"A familiar?"

"Yes, a creature that will stay devoted to you and never run off."

"You mean like a cat or a dog?"

"Not quite. Let me explain. I can turn one of your young men into a cat or mouse or dog. When you require him to become a man again you just pour a dusting of this powder over him," she said, producing a small bottle containing the magic dust from her pocket.

"Sounds a bit cruel, keeping him prisoner in an animal's body."

"Too fucking right it is!" I shouted. But, as always.....

"Oh, who's this?" Enquired the witch as she turned to see what had just miaowed so loudly.

"Just some stray cat that Cook has taken in," replied Estella.

The witch looked at me and stroked her long pointy chin with her long bony fingers. She seemed to know what had happened to me.

"Come here puss," the witch said, holding out her hand.

I crossed the room, tail swishing, and brushed against her grubby old robe.

"You're not just any old cat, are you?" She said to me.

"Use the fucking powder on me!" I shouted. But, as always....

The witch unstoppered the bottle, poured a small amount onto her hand and tossed it into the air. I jumped up as it settled over me and there was a flash and a bang.

"Percy!" Cried Estella when I was transformed back into the young man who kept her bed warm.

"Hello lady Estella," I replied, "yes, it's me."

"Who turned you into a cat?" The witch asked.

"Werlock the wizard."

"You must have crossed him. What did you do?"

"I lost his cat, so he made me take her place."

"He still has a tail," Estella said to the witch in a disappointed tone, "and a black tip on his nose and a cat's ears."

"Yes, but you wait until you feel that tongue on you," the witch replied.

"Oh, really?" Estella asked in a tone which spoke volumes, "how much of that powder do I use on him and how often?"

"Use it when you want to use him to satisfy your needs," replied the witch,"and just a pinch or the transformation may last too long and he might run away."

Estella paid the witch in gold for the botle of powder and she left. Estella took me by the hand and led me upstairs to her room.

"I have missed you," Estella said to me as she started to remove her clothes, "and I can see that you have been missing me."

The reason for her last comment was the erection that I was sporting, caused by the anticipation of emptying my turgid little balls into her hot wet cunt.

"You are the most beautiful woman in the kingdom," I told her, "I should never have left this house."

"Come on," she said as she climbed onto her big soft bed, lay on her back and opened her legs, "let's see if that tongue really is as rough as a cat's."

I climbed onto the bed and got my head down between her smooth soft thighs. I inhaled as I got my face close to her vagina and smiled as I took in the heady aroma of aroused woman. I pushed my tongue between her labia and began to lap as if I was drinking a saucer of milk.

"Oh fuck!" She exclaimed, "that is a rough tongue. It feels wonderful!"

I gave her a damned good licking, paying particular attention to her clitoris, which was as stiff a little love-bud as you could ever imagine. Before long she was writhing around calling out to the gods.

"Oh the gods!" She cried, "oh Percy! Oh that tongue!"

She suddenly became still then her body began to twitch and her legs came together, clamping my head.

"UUUUUUHHHHHHH!" She cried as she climaxed, squirting a vast amount of female ejaculate all over my chin.

I freed my head and knelt up in front of her. She was still experiencing little contractions as I put my hands on her knees, pushed them apart, got my body in between them, held my erect cock in my hand and lowered myself onto her.

"Oh," she murmured as she took me inside her.

"Oooh, that's nice," I said as I felt cunt around my cock for the first time in a while.

I fucked her energetically and it was not long before we were both moaning with pleasure.

"That's my Percy, come on, fuck me hard," she urged.

"Oh Stell. Oh my darling! Oh the gods!" I cried as I felt my cum rise up my shaft and explode out, filling her with a large amount of white sticky mess.

"OH PERCEEEEE!" She shouted as she came, squeezing my cock shaft with strong contractions.

Eventually I rolled off of her and lay next to her. She turned her head and looked at me. 

"You're never leaving me again, ever," she said, smiling.

'Oh fuck!' I thought to myself,'I don't believe I am.'