 I awoke the next morning, jumped up onto Kaye's bed and licked her cheek.

"Oh puss, stop it," she mumbled as she batted me gently away, "I am tired and still sore from last night."

"Get up!" I cried, but it came out as "Miaow!" As usual.

Eventually she got out of her pit and got dressed. We went downstairs to the little kitchen at the back of the tavern and she looked around for something to eat for breakfast.

"Hello!" Called a voice from the yard outside, "milkman!"

Kaye opened the door to see a young man standing there with a pail in his hand, it was Ched, the milkman. I pushed past her and brushed myself around his legs, purring loudly.

"This little chap loves his milk," Ched told Kaye, "do give him some, won't you Lettie."

"Yes I will," Kaye replied as she took the pail from him.

"I was there last night," Ched told her, "he saved you from being squashed by those orcs."

"Yes, he is a very nice cat," she agreed as she squatted down and patted me on the head.

"I have missed you," Ched told her, "it's not the same being paid in coin for the milk."

'Well, I can see where this is going,' I thought to myself.

"How are you normally paid then?" Kaye asked as she stood back up.

"Ha ha!" Laughed Ched as he lifted the hem of Kaye's short blue dress, "you've even taken your panties off, ready for me."

"Oh," said Kaye as she realised what he meant.

Ched came into the little kitchen and picked Kaye up in his strong arms. He carried her to the table and plonked her down on it. She fell back and her legs came up, exposing her soft blonde bush and those cute little piss flaps.

"Oh how I have missed seeing that," said Ched as he gazed on Kaye's snatch.

He fell to his knees in front of her and buried his face in her minge.

"Oooh!" She cried as she felt his tongue begin to explore her hole.

"Go on my son!" I cried, "give her a good licking!" But it came out as "Miaow!"

Kaye spread her legs as wide as she could, bent her knees and rested her feet on Ched's shoulders while he probed her as deeply as he could with his pink slobbery tongue.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried, "that feels so nice!"

My little furry balls were tingling like mad as I watched the handsome young man nosh on the beautiful blue pixie's sweet little cunt.

"Oh the gods!" She cried out, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"

Her toes curled down and her back arched as she had what looked like a very intense orgasm.

"Wow!" Exclaimed Ched as he pulled away from her, "you did cum hard Lettie!"

I could see that his face was covered in a clear watery fluid, the female ejaculate that had sprayed from her twat onto him.

"That was nice," she said in a soft voice.

"This is gonna be even nicer," he said as he stood up, took his big pink stiff cock out of his breeches, held it to her sopping wet hole and plunged it in her.

"Oooooh!" She cried as she felt him fill her.

"Oh, that feels nice," he said as he began to thrust his meat in and out of her.

My little furry balls felt as if they would burst!

Ched fucked Kaye vigorously and it wasn't long before he gave a grunt and stopped moving.

"I can feel you cumming inside me," she told him, "there is such a lot of it."

"Mmmm," was all he could manage as a reply.

Eventually he pulled out of her. The departure of his flaccid cock from her hole was followed by a river of thick white sticky cum which dribbled onto the kitchen floor and formed a puddle.

"Don't forget to give the cat some milk, will you?" He said to her as he put his cock away, laced up his breeches and walked out of the kitchen door.

"I won't," she replied, still laying on the table, recovering from the shagging she had just been given.

Breakfast was porridge for her and milk for me. I had a rummage through the bin outside and found a fish head, which I ate to fill my empty stomach.

"I'll just go and wash myself and put my panties on," she told me, "then I had better find out about where I am."

We went for a walk around the village. All the males we met smiled and winked at Kaye, I recognised some of them from the previous night in the tavern. After a while we reached the edge of the village and entered the woods. We walked for a while and came to a rather impressive stone building. 

"I wonder who lives here?" Kaye asked.

"The fucking wizard who turned me into a fucking cat!" I shouted, but all that came out was "MIAOWWWWW!"

The door opened and Werlock came out.

"Hello Lettie," he said, smiling at Kaye, "I missed your performance last night, but have heard all about it. You owe that cat a debt of gratitude."

"Er, yes, hello," she replied, not knowing him as well as he knew her, "I was just taking him for a walk."

"Would you like to come in? I think I know of a way you might repay him."

When I saw the lewd smile on Werlock's face and remembered the first time I had met him, my balls went as fuzzy as fuck!

"Oh," said Kaye, "how might that be?"

"Come in and find out."

We all went into the room where Werlock kept his cauldron and his potions. The old wizard picked up a small jar containing the silver dust, removed the stopper, took a pinch and tossed it into the air. I ran under the cloud of dust and waited for it to settle on me.

"Here we go," said Werlock.

A flash, a bang and my eyes became unfocused. I shook my head to recover my senses. I looked down to see my feet, my naked feet.

"Oh my!" Cried Kaye as she saw me standing there in all my glory, "it's that man from before, the one who went off with that elf and that dwarf."

"Yes," I said to her, "I'm Percy."

"Well, sort of," said Werlock, smiling as he said it and pointing down.

I looked down to see that I had a strip of black fur running up my tummy to my chest. I put my hand down and held my flaccid penis to one side to see that I was sporting a pair of quite small furry balls. I looked over my shoulder to see that I still had a tail, a long black furry tail.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" Exclaimed Kaye, "where in God's kingdom am I?!"

"I have no idea what you just said," Werlock said to her, "but I think you will find that you are in the kingdom of King Colin."

I looked at her and shrugged.

"Now pixie," said Werlock, producing a coin from his pocket, "here is a silver coin. I would like to watch you and Percy perform for me."

At the sound of his words my cock began to stiffen and my balls began to tingle.

"Oh look," laughed Werlock, "he is getting ready, his balls are filling."

I looked down to see my little furry balls were indeed becoming quite large furry balls as my body produced the semen intended for Kaye.

As soon as she had the coin in her hand Kaye stripped off her clothes and climbed onto the large wooden table in the centre of the room. She got onto her hands and knees and arched her back, presenting her rear end.

"Good girl," said Werlock as he went over to her and rubbed her labia with the tip of his bony old forefinger.

I climbed up onto the table and crouched down behind her.

"I can feel your tail tickling my feet," giggled Kaye.

I looked behind me to see my tail swishing around with a will of its own, brushing over the soles of Kaye's feet. I tried to control it, but was unable to.

"Are you gonna fuck her or what?" Asked Werlock, who had opened his robe and was massaging his bony old cock with his bony old fingers.

I turned back, put the tip of my stiff pink cock to her slit and pushed it inside her.

"Oooh," she moaned as my length disappeared into her.

"Mmmm," I murmured as I felt her hot flesh take me in.

I began to thrust in and out, a broad smile on my face, my tail swishing slowly. I looked to my right to see Werlock watching intently and masturbating slowly.

"Does it feel nice Pixie?" He said to her, "do you like having cock pushed in you?"

"Yes, yes I do," she replied.

"And you?" He asked, looking at me, "do you like putting your cock inside the pixie?"

'You dirty old bastard,' I thought to myself, 'you dirty old voyeur.'

"Well?"

"Yes," I told him, "I fucking love it, shoving my hot stiff cock in this pretty little pixie."

"Give her a good fucking, make the little slut squeal, make her come, make her come hard."

I picked up speed, thrusting faster and faster. Kaye tensed her arms and pushed back against me as I rammed my cock in and out at an ever increasing rate.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried out as I brought her to her climax.

"OH FUUUUUUCK!" I shouted as I shot my load in her.

"Get off the table," Werlock said to me, grabbing me by the shoulder, "I want to fuck her now."

I stood aside as the old wizard climbed up behind Kaye, held his cock in one hand, waved his wand in the other and shouted, "penis sensitivious! Bollo maximus!"

'Not one of mister Potter's incantations,' I thought to myself.

Werlock threw his wand away, put the tip of his throbbing red cock to Kaye's slot and shoved it in.

"OH! OH! OH!" He cried as he immediately started ejaculating in her.

'That was quick,' I thought.

He might have come quickly, but he came for a long time. The dirty old sod knelt behind Kaye and pumped her full of his spunk.

"Goodness!" Exclaimed Kaye after what seemed like quite some time, "how much more is there going to be?"

"Oh the gods!" Cried Werlock, "I'm cumming like never before!"

Eventually he relaxed and pulled out of her. My eyes widened in amazement as I watched a flood of white fluid gush from her vacated hole and run across the table.

"Thank goodness for that," moaned Kaye as the pressure on her insides was released, "I thought I might burst."

The wizard climbed off the table and collapsed into a large wing backed chair in a corner of the room. He looked drained.

"I must not use that spell again, I must not use that spell again," he kept muttering as he sat there.

"I need to wash," Kaye said as she slid off the table, her hands, knees and feet covered in Wizard spunk which they had picked up from the table top.

"The cauldron," he whispered in reply, pointing weakly to the large iron vessel to one side of the room, "get in the cauldron."

Kaye crossed the room, put her hands on the rim of the cauldron and lifted herself up so her feet were off the ground. I went over, put my hands under her ass cheeks and flipped her over the top.

"Whoa!" She shouted as she fell head first into the huge pot with a splash.

She went under the water that was in the cauldron and came back up with a splutter. I laughed quietly at her mild displeasure.

"You fucker!" She said in mock alarm, "I might have drowned!"

"I doubt it," I replied as I looked into the clear warm water in which she was partially immersed.

I watched as she stuck two fingers in herself and rinsed the old wizard's cum from her cunt. The water between her legs turned milky white as the volume of spunk that he had put up her mixed with it.

"So your real name is Kaye and you come from the real world," I said as I stood looking at her, "and you say you are stuck here. What happened?"

"You understood what I said to you when you were a cat?"

"Yes. And more than that, I am in fact a fifty-eight year old stamp dealer from Wiltshire and not a dashing young man who has been put under a spell by a vengeful wizard."

A look of amazement appeared on Kaye's face.

"Did you come through the tree with the hole in it?" I asked her.

She nodded dumbly.

"Did you try and go back?"

"Yes," she answered when she finally found her voice, "but either the tree has moved or I could not remember where it was. Lettie, she's the pixie whose body I seem to have taken over, lives in this place and I was brought here from the woods in which the tree is."

I told her all about my trips to the magical land and she told me about following Rob, coming through the tree and becoming Lettie.

"I wonder why he didn't come through," I mused.

"He must have just changed his mind," Kaye said, shrugging her shoulders.

"I'm going back," I told her, "do you want to come with me?"

"Yes, definitely. My parents will be worried about me, they have probably reported me as a missing person by now."

"Depends."

"How so?" 

"How long have you been here?"

"Dunno. Week, ten days?"

"Probably only three or four days back home then. Time passes at a different rate here."

"Really?"

"It seems so."

I helped Kaye climb out of the cauldron and found a soft cloth for her to dry her cute little body.

"Stop staring at me, you dirty old sod," she said as she held the cloth over her pert little boobs, "I know how old you really are."

"But it's not you I'm staring at," I replied, "it's just some horny little pixie slut."

"While I'm in her body, it's my body."

"Well it's a very pretty body."

"It's a sore body at the moment."

"So it bloody well should be after all the cock that's been in it lately."

"But it feels so goooood," she said, smiling broadly, "I quite like sex normally, but as her I fucking love it!"

"Are you sure you want to go home?"

"I think I should, but I am definitely gonna come back."

I watched as she put her blue bra and panties back on, slipped her little blue dress over her head and down her body, put her ankle boots back on and walked out of the wizard's house. I looked at Werlock, he was still passed out in the chair. I took a robe that was hanging on the back of the door and put it on. I picked up the bottle of powder, put it in my pocket and went out after Kaye.

'Time to go home,' I thought to myself, 'or at least try to.'