 When Kaye awoke the next morning she was alone in her room.

Her door opened and Lottie entered the room dressed in just her panties.

"Come on sleepy," said Lottie, cheerfully, "it's a beautiful morning and we are taking breakfast out by the swimming pond."

Kaye pulled back her blanket and sat up on the side of her bed, she was not sure if she was still asleep and dreaming or if what had happened to her over the course of the last day really had happened.

"Come on, up you get," said Lottie, taking her by the hand and pulling her upright, "the others will have eaten it all if we don't get down there soon."

Kaye picked up her panties, pulled them on over her cute little ass and followed Lottie downstairs.

The swimming pond was exactly that, a large pond with lilypads floating on it and reeds growing up from the bottom.

"Good morning girls," said Estella when she saw them.

Estella was sitting on a wooden bench, dressed in a thin cotton robe which was open, showing her large firm breasts.She reminded Kaye very much of the landlady of the 'Blacksmith's arms', mature, attractive, confident in herself.

"Hello," called Joe as he and Toby emerged from the pond.

Kaye looked at the two young men as they walked, naked and dripping wet, out of the water and sat on the grass. She felt her insides melt at the sight of their bodies.

"Ah, here comes breakfast," said Toby as Cook and a buxom young woman approached, each carrying a tray of food.

'God he's fat,' Kaye thought to herself as she looked at the cook.

"Would you like to join us?" Estella asked, "It is such a nice morning."

"Suppose so," grumbled Cook, "finished cutting up that boar last night."

"Thank you lady Estella," said the young woman.

"That's Rosie, the maid," Lottie whispered to Kaye, "she has a thing for Joe."

'And she doesn't like you,' Kaye thought as she saw the look Rosie gave Lottie.

"Mmmmm, what is this?" Kaye asked as she bit into the most delicious piece of pate on toast she had ever tasted.

"Boar liver pate," said Toby, who had come and sat beside the pixies, "Cook does make very good pate."

"Did my cousin please you?" Lottie asked him as she gently stroked Toby's leg whilst eating her food.

"So much that we left another silver coin on her dressing table last night," he replied.

'That cheeky little fucker!' Thought Kaye, 'he had me believe that was his coin!'

Kaye decided that she did not like imps and would never trust one ever again.

"Lettie!" Estella called over from where she was sitting, "come here."

Kaye put down her food, got up and went over to Estella.

"Cook would like his back scrubbed," Estella said, pointing out onto the pond.

Kaye looked to see the big fat man sitting in a shallow part of the pond, his back showing above the water. She was handed a sponge and gingerly waded into the pond.

Kaye was surprised at how warm the water was, ponds she had paddled in previously were usually quite cold, but this was very pleasant.

"Oh yes, I like that," said Cook as Kaye rubbed the sponge over his enormous frame.

Kaye dipped the sponge in the water and squeezed it out over his head, trying to wash the grease out of his short, scruffy brown hair.

'He might be a good chef,' she thought,'but he is a bloody messy one.'

"Wash my chest," he said softly, "I will give you three groats to wash my chest."

The mention of payment made Kaye excited. It was an alien feeling to her, being excited about money, but she felt it all the same.

Kaye moved around the big man and stood in front of him. Cook was sitting cross legged on the floor of the pond. He was naked but Kaye could not see his penis and balls because they were hidden by the rolls of fat that were his stomach.

"Let's get these down, shall we?" Cook said as he took hold of Kaye's panties and pulled on them.

"Hang on!" Said Kaye, grabbing his hands to stop him, "I never said you could do that!"

"Three more groats," said Cook, smiling, "three more for the panties to come off." Kaye took her hands away from his and he slowly pulled her pale blue satin panties down.

Cook feasted his eyes on Kaye's pale blue bush and her beautiful slit with her cute little piss flaps just peeping out of it.

"Oh that's pretty," he said in a husky voice, "such a pretty pixie pussy."

"Three groats and you can touch me," Kaye told him.

"Yes," he agreed.

Kaye closed her eyes and made believe it was Toby putting his finger to her slit and gently wriggling it inside her, but Cook's finger was much fatter than Toby's and the charade failed.

"What a nice tight little pussy you have," said Cook as he pushed his finger all the way inside her and wriggled it around.

"Oh fuck that feels nice," she whispered, not wanting to, but enjoying it all the same.

"A silver coin," said Cook, "a silver coin to sit on my cock."

"Agreed," said Kaye, not thinking about anything but the money.

Cook lay back in the shallow water and held the rolls of fat away from his crotch. Kaye noticed that he had no pubic hair.

'That's very hygenic,' she thought as she stood over him and lowered herself onto the erect penis that was just poking out of the water.

"Oh fuck!" moaned Kaye as she felt the big man's cock slip up inside her.

"Pretty pixie," leered the fat bastard in reply.

Kaye began to roll her hips, stimulating both herself and Cook, who had a very wide smile on his face.

Cook let go of his guts and put his hands under Kaye's bum cheeks. He lifted her up a little bit and let her fall. He repeated this action, bouncing her up and down on his cock, causing the water to splash and his guts to wobble as he did so.

"I said I would pay for him to have her," said Estella as she watched Kaye being impaled on the fat man's cock, "she can wash him out of her in the pond after he has finished."

"She seems to be enjoying it," said Rosie, who was sitting on the grass next to Joe, her hand wandering over to his stiffening cock.

Lottie was on her hands and knees watching her cousin in silence. Toby knelt behind her, slid her panties down to her knees and slipped two fingers in her.

"You are very wet," he said to her, "would you like some cock too?"

Lottie nodded emphatically and Toby obliged by stuffing his stiff cock inside her and starting to thrust it in and out..

"I suppose you two are going to fuck," Estella said to Joe and Rosie, "but who is going to fuck me?"

"I will," Toby called across as he continued to stuff Lottie with his cock, "I have always wanted to, but didn't want to step on Percy's toes."

"Good old Toby," said Joe as he reached up under Rosie's skirts, "one can rely on him to be of comfort to a friend."

"Oh!" Cried Rosie as she felt Joe's finger find her clitoris and begin to rub it.

"Oh get her skirts up and stick your cock in her," Estella told her nephew, "she had been a miserable cow since I let that pink pixie in the house."

"Are you jealous of her?" Joe asked Rosie as he pushed her onto her back and lifted her skirts.

"A bit," replied Rosie, pouting, "I miss you inside me Joe, you know I love it when you are inside me."

"I promise not to neglect you in future," said Joe as he positioned himself between her open legs and lowered his cock into her waitng hole.

"Uuuuuh!" Moaned Rosie as she accepted his length inside her.

"Oh yes!" Cried Joe as he felt her fleshy cunt enveloped his meat.

"Oh fuck yes!" Cried Kaye as bouncing up and down on Cook's cock brought her off.

"Is pixie coming?" Asked Cook.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Shouted Kaye as she climaxed, her vagina pulsing, clamping itself to the cock stuffed inside her.

"Me too," groaned Cook as he stopped bouncing her on him and started to pump his spunk into her.

"Ooooh!" Cried Lottie as she climaxed, shaking her head and pushing back against Toby's cock which was being rammed in and out of her.

"Mmmmm," murmured Toby as he stopped thrusting and enjoyed the feeling of squirting a copious amount of spunk into the pink pixie.

Estella's robe had fallen open completely and she had her legs splayed apart, her fingers working feverishly on her cunt.

"Oh yes! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Rosie called out as Joe banged her energetically.

Kaye climbed off of Cook and waded further out into the pond. When it was deep enough she began to swim around. She put two fingers inside herself and scooped his cum from her, letting it float in strings to be gobbled up by the fishes.

"Help me," came a voice from the bank.

Kaye swam in the direction from which the voice had come. Sitting on the grass beside a large fern was a rabbit. The rabbit spoke.

"Will you help me?" It asked.

'Fucking hell!' Thought Kaye, 'this is beyond weird, the animals talk here, wherever here is.'

"Hello Rabbit," Kaye said to it, "my name is Lettie, what's yours?"

"My name is Hugh and I am not a rabbit, I am a hare," he replied, "or rather I am an elvish prince who has been put under a spell by a wicked witch."

"And how can I help?"

"You must get hold of the magic dust that can turn me back into an elf."

"And where do I get this magic dust?"

"From a witch or a wizard, they are the only ones who have it."

"It's gonna cost you."

"I don't care how much it costs."

Kaye became excited at the prospect of procuring more money, she became quite aroused as a picture of piles of gold coins entered her head.

"Meet me in the woods tomorrow," she told the hare.

The hare got up and hopped away. Kaye swam back to the others.

Toby had gotten his 'second wind' and was just entering Estella when Kaye stepped out of the pond.

"Good boy, good Toby," moaned Estella as she felt stiff young cock inside her for the first time in a while.

Estella was on the grass, on her back, her legs splayed open as far as she could get them with Toby between them. He started to pump his meat in and out of her purposefully..

Cook, Rosie, Joe and Lottie were sat around watching as the matriarch of the house received cock from her young house guest.

"Come on Tobes," urged Joe, "give my aunt a really good seeing to."

"She really is lovely," replied Toby, "I have been wanting to do this for ages."

"Shut up and fuck me you gorgeous young beast!" Cried Estella as she got more and more stimulated by the cock being rammed in and out of her.

"She's on her way," Rosie whispered to Joe, "I have heard her when Percy has been in her room, in a minute she will begin to squeal like a sow farrowing a litter of nine.

As Rosie predicted, Estella began to squeal loudy as she had an intense orgasm brought about by the rigorous fucking she was being given.

"Oh my," moaned Toby as he too reached his climax, sending what he had left in reserve from fucking Lottie into Estella's hot, wet, pulsing cunt.

The little audience clapped and Joe and Cook whistled their appreciation of the spectacle they had just witnessed. Toby got out from between Estella's legs and she sat up on the grass and pulled her robe together in a pretence of shyness.

"I don't know what came over me," she said, blushing, "watching you all have such fun just turned my head."

"Oh don't be such a tease," laughed Joe, "we all know what you are like auntie."

"It's time I was leaving," Kaye said to Lottie later that morning.

"Back to the tavern at Fishton?"

"Er, yes."

'I guess that's where I live,' she thought to herself.

"Well, it's been nice to see you, come and say goodbye to the others."

Kaye said her goodbyes and left the house. She went to the woods and headed to the oak.

'I will go back and get Rob Hill for Estella,' she thought to herself, 'she will reward me well when I bring him to her.'