 "Oh goblins!" Exclaimed Rustic, "that wizard is going to be so pissed at you for losing his cat."

"I can't go back without her," I replied, "who knows what he might do to me."

"I thought owing money to a witch was bad."

"Yeah, alright, don't rub it in."

"I don't want you turned into a toad or a lizard to be put into his cauldron," pouted Desdemona, "I like you just as you are."

"Don't say things like that Desi," said Evelyn, "you are frightening poor Percy."

"Okay, okay, I get the message," I said to them, "I need to recover Kat."

"It is quite possible that she has been taken by other water bandits," said Largo, "but never fear, we shall rescue her."

'Well,' I thought to myself, 'let's hope they are no more fierce than Matilda's bunch.'

And so Ikabod navigated our boat out of the shallow lagoon and back into the slightly deeper water of what the locals called the big water.

"Head east, towards the land of the trolls," said Evelyn, "If she has been captured, that is where they will take her."

The breeze filled our sail and we sailed off to look for Kat.

"It's getting quite warm," Ashka said to me as we sat on the deck enjoying the sunshine.

"Have you considered what you are doing?" I asked her, "taking over another person's body."

"She comes to me in my dreams," she replied, "the real Ashka, I mean. We chat about our feelings and how we should behave. We are so similar. It is as if we are blending into one."

"But you still remember being Roz."

"Yes, but not as much as I did. I don't think I shall ever go back."

"Would you like me to go back and tell your nephew?"

"I suppose so, yes. Tell him he can have it all, I shall not be needing it."

With that, she lay back on the deck and unbuttoned the cotton robe that Largo had brought along for her to wear. She pulled it open and exposed her beautiful young slender body to the sun's rays.

"What a good idea," said Evelyn as she saw her friend sunbathing.

"Why don't we all do that?" Asked Ikabod as he began to strip.

Within a couple of minutes we were all naked, even Largo who was standing at the wheel steering the boat.

"Fancy a swim?" Asked Desdemona as she dived over the side into the warm water.

"Don't mind if I do," replied Rustic as he dived in after her.

Ashka rolled over onto her front and looked towards Largo.

"I am so lucky," she said to me, " I am going to marry a prince of the elves."

"He is very handsome," I commented in response.

Ashka stood up and padded across the deck towards the stern. I watched the roll of her ass as she did so and what a beautiful ass it was. I watched as she stood behind Largo, put her arms around his waist and kissed him on the shoulder. He smiled, keeping his hands on the wheel and his eyes peeled for any sign of another vessel.

"That was fun," said Desdemona as she clambered back on deck, water dripping from her fulsome body.

"Come here you lovely thing," said Rustic as he followed her on deck.

Desdemona turned to face the other dwarf and they embraced. Their open mouths met and they started to french-kiss passionately. I looked back towards the stern to see that Ashka had reached around, taken hold of Largo's cock and was massaging it, causing it to stand proudly from his hairy groin. Largo's smile broadened as his love pleasured him with her finely sculptured fingers.

I turned my attention back to the dwarfs. Desdemona was on her hands and knees, her back arched, her hairy muff presented to Rustic who was kneeling behind her with his face buried in it, licking it for all he was worth. As he licked her he had his hand wrapped around his cock, rubbing it to make it stiff, ready to bury in her.

"By the gods I would like to be doing that," said Ikabod, who was sitting cross-legged on the deck gently rubbing his stiff cock whilst watching the dwarfs intently.

"Come on Ikabod," said Evelyn as she knelt next to him, "let me do that for you."

'That's jolly decent of her,' I thought to myself as the lesbian elf took hold of the imp's cock and began to rub it slowly.

"If only we had some wizard's jelly," she said to him..

"I'll get some for you," I said, jumping up and heading for the deck hatch.

I picked up the little bottle of jelly from my cabin and went back up on deck. I was met by the sight of Rustic energetically fucking Desdemona doggy style.

"Oh yes!" Cried Desdemona, "oh Rustic, yes!"

"Oh Desi, my beauty," he replied, "oh Desi."

I crossed the deck, pausing to look to the stern to see Largo with his eyes closed, his head thrown back and his body twitching as he started to ejaculate over the deck. Ashka's hand was a blur as she wanked him rapidly.

"Do you like that?" She asked as she watched his spunk spew from his body and splatter the planking of the deck.

"Yes my darling, yes," he replied.

Ikabod had uncrossed his legs and was laying on his back, legs outstretched, arms stretched, eyes closed, smiling contentedly as Evelyn knelt between his legs and slowly stroked his stiff skinny cock with her thin graceful fingers.

"Where shall I put this?" I asked, indicating the bottle of blue jelly.

Evelyn held out her free hand and I shook the bottle dislodging some of the jelly onto her finger tips. She reached down between Ikabod's outspread legs and applied it to his puckered ring.

"Oh!" He exclaimed as the salve touched his ass hole, "Oh my goodness!"

"Don't you want me to?" Asked Evelyn.

"Oh yes mistress," he replied eagerly, "it's just that I never expected that you would."

My cock twitched and my balls throbbed as I watched the beautiful young elf slip the two middle fingers of her left hand inside the imp's rectum whilst wanking him with her right.

"Oh mistress," he moaned softly, "oh that is perfect."

She looked over at me and winked as she stimulated his prostate and squeezed his cock. I understood then. She was enslaving him, making her place in Largo's entourage secure.

"Oooh!" Cried Desdemona as the fucking she was getting brought her to a satisfying climax.

"Goblins cocks!" Cried Rustic as he pulled out of her and sprayed his mess all over her back and ass cheeks.

Evelyn shoved her fingers in and out of Ikabod's rectum whilst wanking his cock rapidly. Within a short time he let out a loud grunt, his body began to shake, he pointed his pointy toes, shook his head and pounded his fists on the deck as his cock erupted like a roman candle, sending a stream of white stuff up into the air to land on his chest and stomach.

"Oh my!" Exclaimed Evelyn as she watched the imp's cock spray the imp's seed all over the imp, "now that is a lot!"

It proved too much for me. I was already close to coming and as soon as I had wrapped my fingers around my cock and started to stroke it I began to shoot my load over the deck.

"Oh it must be catching," laughed Evelyn as she watched me come.

Ikabod's incredible ejaculation subsided to a trickle and Evelyn released her grip on his now flaccid cock. Ikabod opened his eyes and looked up at her, an expression of total devotion on his face.

'She's got him,' I thought to myself, 'he will be putty in her hands from now on.'

"Well, you have all been having fun," said Ashka as she joined us amidships.

"Come my darling," said Evelyn as she stood up, took Ashka by the hand and led her towards the deck hatch, "it is time that you had some fun."

Ashka looked over her shoulder at me, smiled and mouthed the words 'tongue, fingers, wow.' If there had been any spunk left in me to shoot off It would have, just from thinking about what Evelyn was about to do to Ashka.

"Oh Percy," said Desdemona in a disappointed voice, "I was hoping you would hold out long enough to put your cock inside me. Rustic has left me clean, just for you."

"Sorry Desi," I replied, "but I couldn't help myself. I am sure I will be ready soon though."

We sat back and relaxed on the deck as Largo continued to sail the boat eastwards. Desi lay with her head on Rustic's lap and he gently caressed her tits, keeping her nipples nice and stiff. Ikabod lay flat out, his semen running down his flanks and dripping onto the deck whilst I sat and mused about what might be happening below decks.

After a while, Desdemona rolled onto her hands and knees and crawled over to where I was sitting.

"Are you ready yet?" She asked me.

"I'm not sure," I replied, stroking her arm, "see if you can get him to stand."

She leaned down, took my cock in her hand, pulled back my foreskin, opened her mouth, stuck out her tongue and licked my cock head.

"Oh that is nice," I whispered, "I think something is stirring."

My cock was indeed stiffening. Desdemona licked me and rubbed me and very soon I was fully erect.

"That's my Percy," she said as she looked at my manhood standing up, ready to be put in her.

"Get on your hands and knees," I said to her, "the deck is a bit hard for you to lie on."

She did as she was told and presented her snatch to me. I knelt behind her and slipped my cock inside her in one fluid movement. She was still wet from the previous coupling with Rustic.

"Oh fuck, that feels nice," I said as I felt her hot wet cunt wrapped around my cock.

"Oh fuck, yes it does," she responded as she felt my meat fill her.

I started slowly and intended to keep it that way but within a minute or so I was pumping my hips like crazy, ramming my cock in and out of her for all I was worth. She pushed back against me, trying to get as much as she could inside her.

"Fuck yes! Fuck yes!" She cried as she approached her climax.

"Uh,uh,uh,uh,uh," I grunted as I felt my tubes filling with what was about to come out of me.

"FUUUUUUUUUCK!" She shouted as she had her orgasm.

"UH!" I shouted as my cock exploded, sending a jet of cum into her.

We both froze as our bodies convulsed, her contractions squeezing my cock and my throbbing cock stimulating her vagina.

"Nice one Percy!" Cried Rustic as he watched us climax, "you too Desi."

"Are you ready to go again?" The randy young female dwarf asked the dirty old male dwarf.

"What, sloppy seconds?"

"Do me in the ass if you like, you can use some of that special jelly that Evelyn used on the imp."

"Seriously?"

"Yes."

Rustic's cock sprang to attention as he helped himself to some of the blue jelly. He shook a dollop onto his middle finger and applied it to Desdemona's ass hole. She stiffened as he pushed his finger inside her bum, but relaxed once the jelly took effect.

"Oh that feels tight," said Rustic as he worked his finger in and out of her, "I am going to enjoy this."

"Be gentle with her," I said to him.

"I am always gentle," he replied as he positioned his cock at her ass hole.

Rustic pushed forward and Desdemona pushed back, her ass hole opened for him and I could see his length slip all the way in her without any resistance. Despite having shot my load only seconds earlier, the sight of Rustic's cock disappearing up Desdemona's back passage made my balls tingle with excitement.

"Oh fuck this is nice," he said as he buggered her in a slow deliberate way.

"Mmmm," she moaned in reply, a wide smile on her face.

The action lasted for about a minute and then Rustic threw back his head, howled and froze. It was obvious that he was depositing a huge load of dwarf cum in Desdemona's colon. She turned her head towards me and smiled, I smiled back.

We all went for a swim to clean ourselves after Rustic had retrieved his cock from Desdemona's ass. Ikabod had regained his senses enough to join us, but he was very quiet.

"There is a fog up ahead," Largo told us when we got back on deck, "I suggest you all get dressed before it gets cold."