 We left the troll to sleep. I slept in the hold with Ikabod and Rustic and Ashka went to Largo's cabin after she had been for a swim.

In the morning Ashka and I went to see how he was.

"Oh look," said Ashka, "he's awake."

The troll was sitting up in the bunk still looking a little dazed.

"Hello," Ashka said to him, "I'm Ashka and this is Percy, what's your name?"

"Troy," he replied, "how did I get here?"

"Percy saw you floating, dead in the water. He pulled you out and brought you back to life. What had happened?"

"I was fishing from my little boat. A very large fish was caught in my net and I got tangled up in it too. I fell overboard and must have hit my head on a rock. That's all I remember."

"We never saw your boat," I told him, "it must have drifted off somewhere."

"I owe you my life," Troy said to me, "what can I do to repay you?"

"Don't worry about that," I told him, "you just concentrate on getting better."

"I saw you in a dream," he said to Ashka, "we were in this very cabin and you were doing things to me."

"I'll let you in on a secret," she replied in a whisper, "it wasn't a dream, but you must never tell anyone about it."

"Oh my," he said, also in a whisper, "oh my."

"Did you like what I did to you?"

"Are you joking? Of course I liked it!"

"Do you feel well enough to do it again?"

Troy nodded emphatically.

"Keep a look out for Largo, will you?" Ashka said to me as she slipped off her dress and pulled down her satin panties.

I went to the cabin door, opened it a little way and looked out. But while I kept watch on the companionway I also watched what was happening in the cabin.

Troy climbed out of the bunk and Ashka climbed into it. She lay on her back and opened her legs. Troy put his head between her thighs and pushed his face into her muff. All I could see was his huge mop of hair as he started to eat her out.

"Oooh, mmmm, yes," she moaned as he used his tongue on her pussy.

I could feel my cock beginning to stiffen in my breeches as I watched Ashka writhing around on the bunk, her fingers curled in Troy's hair, her legs sticking up in the air, as wide apart as she could get them.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" She cried out as he brought her to a shuddering climax.

My cock was really straining at my breeches by now.

Troy came up from between her legs, his beard glistening with her cunt juice. He too had an erection and he moved his body up until he was in position between her thighs.

"Ready?" He asked.

Ashka shook her head emphatically this time and Troy plunged his generously proportioned cock into her hot wet cunt.

"Oh my!" Cried Ashka as he filled her, "that is lovely."

"Oh my," moaned Troy, "you are so nice and slippery."

'His back is not as hairy as his chest,' I thought to myself as I watched him fuck the horny fifty-something English widow in the twenty-something elvish beauty's body.

"Oh Troy, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," moaned Ashka as the young hairy troll banged her energetically.

"Uh, uh, uh, uh," replied troy as he concentrated on his job of making the elf under him come for the second time and emptying his balls into her.

"Fuck YES!!" Shouted Ashka as she climaxed, her fingers practically tearing tufts of hair from Troy's shaggy head.

"UUUUUHHH!" Groaned troy as he stopped fucking and began coming inside Ashka.

I nearly came in my breeches, I was so turned on by what I was watching.

Troy lay on top of Ashka for a minute or so as they both returned from wherever they had been transported by their orgasms. Eventually he pulled out of her and sat up on the bunk beside her.

"Fuck, that was amazing," Ashka said softly, looking up at Troy and stroking his hairy arm.

"Thank you Ashka," he replied in a similar voice, "it was."

"Thanks for keeping look-out Percy," Ashka said to me as she climbed off the bunk, stood up and pulled her panties back on.

I could see the gusset of her panties darken as Troy's spunk leaked out of her and soaked into them. 

"No problem," I replied, watching her as she pulled her dress over her head and down over her lovely slender body..

"I had better have an early morning swim," she whispered to me as she squeezed past me and into the passageway, "there is an awful lot of his cum in me."

"Dirty old bag," I whispered in reply.

She chuckled, gave me a playful punch on my chest and walked away, rolling her ass provocatively as she did so.

Later on Troy made his way on deck and was given some food and drink. Our little crew introduced themselves to him and we were pleasantly surprised at how civil he was towards us.

"Us trolls maintain a bad reputation to keep inquisitive types away from our island," he told us, "although some of us can be quite sarcastic and rude."

"Tell me about it," said Desdemona, "the last time we sold your lot a slave the old troll we dealt with was very rude."

"That's a bit rich," I said to her, "complaining about rudeness when you are dealing in slaves."

"Talking of slaves," said Largo, looking at Troy, "you belong to us now, how much are you worth?"

Troy shrugged his shoulders, "dunno," he replied.

"The ladies at my bridge club would pay handsomely to sample his goods," Ashka whispered in my ear.

"Shut up before someone hears you!" I whispered back.

"I think we should take him to the village where they buy the slaves and see if we can swap him for Kat," suggested Ikabod.

"We don't actually know that she is here," I said to him, "but I suppose we could go and ask."

And so we upped anchor and sailed out of the cove.

Ikabod navigated us alongside a little jetty at the place where the water bandits took their captives to sell to the trolls.

"This is it," said Evelyn, "let's go ashore and see if your friend Kat is here."

The place was busy, there were stalls selling fish, stalls selling vegetables and stalls selling sapphires. There were humans, elves, pixies and most of all there were trolls, all milling about, doing business.

"Where do all these people come from?" I asked.

"Mostly from the north," replied Troy, "they bring goods and leave with our gems."

"I wouldn't mind sampling his gems again," Ashka whispered in my ear.

"What have I told you?!" I whispered back.

There was a bit of a commotion going on nearby and Largo went to see what it was about.

"A boat has been washed up over there," he said, pointing to our left as he returned to our group, "the trolls are in a bit of a state about it."

A troll came towards us, he was larger than Troy and looked quite a bit older. His tusks were sharper and more curved, they looked as if they could do someone some serious harm.

"Troy!" He shouted when he saw our guest, "are you alright? Your little boat has been washed ashore. We all thought you had perished."

"Hello uncle Trev," Troy replied, "yes, my friend Percy here found me floating in the water and saved me."

"Thank you," the old troll said, taking my hand and shaking it vigorously, "thank you for saving my nephew."

"My pleasure," I replied.

Just then a female troll came bustling over, her arms open wide, tears of joy running down her cheeks.

"Troy! Oh thank Trog you are safe!" She cried as she wrapped her arms around Troy and hugged him.

"Hello mum," he said to her, "I am safe and well, thanks to my friend Percy here, he found me floating in the big water and saved my life."

Troy's mother let go of her son and turned to look at me. I was unsure whether the look on her face when she saw me was one of gratitude or lust.

"Hello Percy," she said in a quiet voice, "my name is Tara.Thank you for saving my son."

"My pleasure," I replied, holding out my hand, "pleased to meet you Tara."

Her hand was not at all dainty and when she shook my hand I noticed her firm grip. I also noticed that she did not release my hand as quickly as was proper, but slid her fingers along my palm as she withdrew it.

"Taz!" Came a voice from my left, "is he alright?"

I turned to see another female troll who looked a lot like Tara coming towards us. Like Troy's mother, she was about five feet tall, fairly stocky and with long wild black hair. Like Tara's, her tusks were quite short, only just touching her upper lip.

"Yes Tez," Tara replied, "he was found in the water by Percy here, who saved his life."

"Hello Percy," the other female said as she looked at me, "I'm Tess."

"Pleased to meet you," I said, putting my hand out for her to shake.

"Anyone who saves the life of my best friend's son deserves a kiss," she said as she ignored my hand, stood on tip toe, took hold of my shoulder, pulled me down a bit and kissed me on my cheek.

I started to feel a little bit uncomfortable.

"Right," said Trev, "let me buy you all a drink to celebrate my nephew's safe return."

So we all headed off to the village tavern.

"I must think of a way to thank you properly," Tara said to me as she put her arm in mine whilst walking along beside me.

"Yes we must," said Tess as she did the same on my other side.

"I hope they don't bite," I heard Rustic chuckle from behind me as we made our way through the market place.

"We don't, unless you want us to that is," Tara whispered, looking up at me and smiling widely.

I smiled back, but a feeling of trepidation crept over me, female trolls are not pretty, and Troy's mum could never be described as a milf.

Once in the tavern, Trev made sure everyone had a drink and he proposed a toast to me. Tankards and jugs were raised and ale and wine were drunk.

"Trolls ain't so bad," Rustic said to me later as he chugged his third pot of ale and hugged Desdemona who was sitting on his lap knocking back the nettle wine.

"Not so bad at all," agreed Ikabod who was sitting on the lap of a buxom barmaid whilst sipping his ale.

"We should not tarry here too long," said Largo, "it grows late."

"You are right my love," said Ashka, " we should return to the boat for the night and make enquiries about the cat in the morning."

"Perhaps Percy might like to stay at my house," Tara said, "there is plenty of room."

"Yes, do that," said Tess, "you can have supper with us, Taz is a very good cook."

"Oh, so you've invited yourself as well, have you?" Tara enquired of her friend, smiling.

Tess looked at Tara and pouted by way of reply, which might have been considered cute but for the fact that her tusks stuck up when she did.

The tavern door burst open and in strode a large male troll accompanied by a young female.

"Where is he?" Asked the male troll, "is he hurt?"

"Hello dad," said Troy, standing up and waving to the troll, "I am fine. Percy here, found me in the big water and saved my life."

The troll came over to me, slapped me on the back and shook my hand vigorously.

"Thank you, thank you," he said, "how can I ever repay you?"

"Yes, how can we?" put in the young female troll who had come in with him.

"I am Troc," said the male, "and this is Trix, my daughter."

"Hello Trix," I said, giving her a little wave, "I'm Percy."

She blushed and looked down at the floor.

"My sis is a little shy," put in Troy.

'Or is she?' I asked myself silently as she raised her eyes to mine and gave me a lewd smile.

I don't know if it was the ale, but Trix did not look too repulsive to me. True, she was a bit hairy on her bare arms and her fingers were a bit large but her tusks were barely showing from her lower lip and those lips were full and pouting. She had big eyes with black irides which matched the wild black hair that grew from her fairly big round head. I just could not help but return her smile.

'She's no more hairy than some Spanish women I've seen,' I thought to myself.

"We shall go back to the boat," said Largo to me, "stay with the trolls if you wish Percy, we can meet here tomorrow."

And so we went off in different directions.

Tess was right about Tara's culinary expertise and I ate very well that evening. We sat around a large table with Troc at the head, his son at his right hand and his wife to his left. Tara told me to sit beside her and Tess sat on my other side. Trix sat opposite me, next to her brother.

"What brought you to our island?" Troc asked me, "do you have slaves to sell or other goods to trade for our gems?"

"I am looking for a friend," I replied, "she may have been taken by water bandits who may bring her here to sell to you."

"Is she pretty?" Asked Trix, pouting.

"So, so," I replied, shrugging my shoulders.

"My Trix is pretty, don't you think Percy?" Asked Tara as she squeezed my thigh under the table.

"She is very pretty, isn't she?" Agreed Tess as she squeezed my other thigh, "she takes after her mother."

"Yes," I agreed, "she is."

Despite the nice meal and the ale I found it difficult to sleep. The prospect of returning to Fishton without Kat and incurring the wizard's wrath played on my mind. My best hope was that she had indeed been taken by water bandits and would be brought to the island to be sold.

As I pondered my troubles the door to my room opened and Tara entered. She was wearing a long cotton robe and carrying a small glass.

"Are you awake?" She asked in a whisper.

"Yes," I whispered back.

"I have brought you something to help you," she said as she crossed the room and held out the glass.

I took it from her and looked at it. The glass contained a small measure of red liquid. She motioned for me to drink. I held the glass to my lips and tipped the liquid down my throat, it tasted very sweet, which I quite liked. Tara sat on my bed and looked at me in an improper way which bothered me slightly.

I looked back at Tara and told myself that I had judged her too harshly. She was not at all bad looking for a mature troll. In fact, the more I looked at her the better looking she got. I could feel my cock stiffening and my balls fuzzing as she stood up and began to unbutton her robe.

"I was considered very pretty when I was Trix's age," she said to me as she let the robe fall from her body.

'She's not bad, not bad at all,' I thought to myself as I looked at her.

The hair on her body was very fine, almost non existent until you got to her pubic region, now that was hairy.

"You are very handsome," she said as she pulled back the blanket that was covering my body and gazed at my stiff cock which was oozing pre cum.

"I want you," was all I could think of to say, the feeling of lust that had crept up on me was directed at her and her alone.

She smiled as she climbed into bed next to me. I pulled her to me and our lips met. I could feel her little tusks as I opened my mouth and poked my tongue into hers. She responded by wriggling her tongue around mine and pushing it into my mouth. I reached down between us and felt for her slit. She gave a muffled moan as my fingers found her labia and prised them open.

"By the gods, you are wet," I said softly as I took my mouth away from hers.

"Put your fingers in me," she answered.

I slipped my middle and index finger in her and wriggled them around. She was indeed sopping wet and also quite loose. I slipped all four fingers in her and began to fuck her with them.

"Oh Trog that feels good," she said as she reached down and gripped my stiff cock with her hand.

I stuffed my fingers in and out of her for a minute or so and then I rolled her onto her back, held her legs up and got into position.

"Oh Tara, oh yes," I moaned as I slid my stiff cock inside her.

"Oooh Percy!" She cried as I stuffed all I had into her.

She was not tight by any means, in fact I was surprised she had even noticed I was in her, but she seemed to be enjoying herself.

"Yes, fuck me. Fuck me hard, fuck me deep," she urged me as I started pounding her for all I was worth.

"Oh Tara, oh yes," I said as I fucked her.

"Cummmmminggggg!!" She cried as her vagina started to pulse, squeezing my cock in a series of little contractions.

I had not come since Ashka had sucked me off the previous evening and watching her and Troy fucking that morning had made me very aroused so it was no surprise to me when Tara's contractions caused me to start pumping loads of scalding hot spunk into her sloppy wet cunt.

"Oh fuck yes!" I cried out as my turgid balls began to empty themselves inside the mature beauty under me.

"Oh Percy!" She cried out as she felt my mess fill her.

I let go of her legs and they fell back onto the bed. I pulled out of her and climbed off her. I lay next to her, getting my breath back.

"That was nice," she said to me, stroking my cheek.

"Yes it was," I replied, stroking her hairy leg.

Tara got up from the bed and slipped her robe back on.

"I had better get back to Troc before he wakes and misses me," she told me as she went to the door.

I felt an overwhelming sense of loss as she left the room. I lay back onto the bed and drifted off to sleep.

I awoke with a start.

"What the fuck did I just do?" I asked myself aloud, "did I just fuck a female troll old enough to be Percy's mother?"

I felt a little unclean when I thought of what had happened earlier.

"Are you awake?" Came a soft voice as my bedroom door opened.

"Er, yes," I replied as Tess crept into my room.

Tara's friend was wearing a cotton robe just like Tara's and she was carrying a small glass containing a red liquid, just like Tara.

"Take this," she said as she came towards me holding out the small glass containing the red liquid, "it will help you."

'I know it will,' I thought as I swallowed the liquid.

Whether it was the cumulative effect of having taken the liquid before and now another draft so soon, or whether it was a stronger potion I have no idea, but no sooner had I swallowed it than the plain, hairy, mature female troll standing in front of me became the most desirable being in my universe.

"I want to fuck you," I told her, "I want to fuck you so much. I want to fuck you until you scream for me to stop."

"That much?" She giggled, "it'll be a long while before I scream for you to stop, young Percy."

She tore her robe open and let it drop to the floor. I pulled back the sheet and beckoned her into my bed. As soon as she was in we were kissing passionately, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. We ran our hands over each other's bodies and entwined our legs.

"Eat me," she said as she pulled her mouth away from mine, put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me down the bed.

I got between her outspread thighs and put my face into the hairy jungle that was her pubic bush. I shook my head, burrowing through the mass of thick curly black hair to find her slit. When I got there it was wet, very wet.

"Oh Percy," she giggled, "that tickles."

I poked my tongue inside her as far as I could and wriggled it about.She put her hands on my head and held me firmly in place while I licked her soaking wet cunt and flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue.

"Ooooh, yes!" She moaned as she approached her climax, her juice flowing freely from her and wetting the hair around her hole.

I kept at her, my sole purpose to satisfy her. After a minute or two she went rigid, spread her legs as widely as she could, grasped handfuls of my hair, pulled my face even harder against the wet mess that was her muff and let out a long moan of pleasure.

"Uuuuuuuuhhhhh!" She moaned as she came.

I put my hands on her thighs and pushed back against the pressure that her hands were exerting on my head, I was afraid of suffocating in that moist hairy mass between her legs.

"Gods!" I cried when I finally managed to come up for air, "you nearly killed me! But what a way to go!"

"Now you can fuck me until I scream for you to stop," she said in a soft voice.

I climbed between her thighs and lowered myself into her. She was not as loose as Tara, but she was much wetter. My thighs were soaked as they came into contact with the hairy bush around her cunt, but I didn't care, to me she was perfection personified.
