 Nina Straw parked her car in the forest, covered it in a tarp and searched out the oak.

"Here goes," she said aloud as she squeezed into the hole in the trunk.

"Did you find any?" She heard a voice call as she emerged into the sunlit wood on the other side.

Nina looked down to see she was wearing a long black dress. She lifted the hem and inspected the grubby pointed leather slippers she had on her feet. Nina gasped in shock when she noticed the claw like hands that were holding the material of her dress.

"Who or what am I?" She asked herself in a high pitched cackle.

"What did you say Morag?" Came the voice again.

Nina looked up to see an old crone in a black dress similar to the one she was wearing, shuffling towards her. The hag had pointy features, a long crooked nose, straggly grey hair sticking out from a tatty pointed hat and a bent frame.

'Witch!' Nina thought to herself, 'it's a witch!'

The old woman came up to Nina and looked into the basket which was on the ground near her feet. There were a few bright red toadstools in it and some sort of fungus.

"Not bad," the witch said to her, "let us get back and we can get started."

Nina followed the witch through the woods. She found it fairly painful when she walked and had to be careful not to stumble on tree roots or stones which were on the ground.

'I could turn back and try again,' she thought to herself, 'I don't want to be like this.'

But Nina was a fatalist by nature and decided to see how things panned out for her.

The witch led her to a small stone house sitting in a clearing in the woods.They went inside. There was a large cauldron in the middle of the room, some chairs, a table and a bed in the corner. A black cat lay sunning itself on the window sill.

"I'll get the fire started," the witch said to her, "you start the brew."

Nina put her basket down and looked around for the teapot. The cat raised it's head and narrowed it's eyes when it looked at her. It swished it's tail and let out a small miaow.

'It can sense something is wrong,' Nina thought to herself, 'animals can.'

The witch soon had a fire blazing away under the cauldron. She poured a pail of water into it and looked at Nina expectantly.

"Come on Morag," she said, "throw them in."

Nina picked up the contents of her basket and tossed them into the cauldron. After a few seconds wisps of green coloured steam rose from the bubbling stew contained therein.

"He he!" Cackled the witch, "Magda and Morag's special mix!"

'So she is called Magda,' Nina told herself silently.

Magda stirred the cauldron for a while and then turned to Nina.

"Get the powder," she told her, "we must get ready."

'Powder?' Thought Nina, 'what powder is she referring to?'

Nina went to the shelves that lined the wall of the room. She looked at the assortment of jars and bottles that were packed onto them.

"Now where is it?" She asked aloud, "I'm sure I put it here."

Magda shuffled over to her, reached up and pulled a small jar containing a white powder from the shelf in front of her.

"Your eyesight is failing my dear," she said, holding the jar in front of Nina's eyes, "it is right in front of you."

"Oh yes, how silly of me," laughed Nina, "now, remind me, what do we do with this?"

Magda raised her eyes to the ceiling, gave her head a little shake and tutted.

"You get a little worse every time it wears off Morag," Magda said to her as she removed the stopper from the jar.

Nina watched as Magda poured some of the powder onto the palm of her hand and tossed it high into the air. 

"Go on then" Magda said to her, waving her forward, "in you go."

Hesitantly, Nina walked into the cloud that the powder had formed. Magda followed her.

'Fuck!' Thought Nina, 'what was that?!'

The cause of her concern was the loud bang and the flash of light that occurred when she and Magda had entered the cloud of dust. Nina was disorientated by the sound and the flash. She blinked and shook her head to regain her composure.

"There, that's better," came a sensuous, husky voice.

Nina looked up to see a beautiful, full-bodied woman, possibly late twenties or early thirties, standing where previously the old witch Magda had been standing.

"Oh wow!" Exclaimed Nina.

"Back at you," the beauty replied.

Nina held up her hand and looked at it carefully. Where before it had been bony, crooked and arthritic, now it was smooth, elegant and young with immaculate pointed red fingernails on long tapered fingers.

"The dresses came out well too," the beauty said.

Nina nodded in agreement. Both she and the other woman were dressed in figure hugging black velvet dresses. She lifted the hem to see that she had high-heeled suede ankle boots on her feet. She ran her fingers through her thick, wavy, jet black, shoulder-length hair and smiled. Nina crossed the room to look in the mirror that was hanging on the wall.

'That's more like it,' she thought to herself as she looked at her reflection, the reflection of a raven-haired goddess, or possibly siren.

Just then she heard a knock at the door. Magda walked over and opened it to see who was there.

"Come this way," said Magda as she led a young man into the house.

"Hello," said Nina, smiling broadly as she saw him, for he was a very handsome young man, "what can we do for you?"

"I am Pip," he told them, "the queen's messenger. I have run here to give you a message. The queen requires your presence at the palace as soon as possible."

"Well," said Magda as she took him by the hand, "you have run far and must rest a while before you return, come with me."

Magda led Pip through a door to the adjoining room, Nina followed.

"There," said Magda, "is a nice big soft bed for you to lie on."

"Thank you mistress," Pip replied, "for I am indeed quite tired."

"Remove your clothing," said Magda, "you will be more comfortable."

Pip did as he was told.

"My, you are a handsome young man," said Magda, "there is just one thing that could be improved upon."

With that, she waved her wand at Pip and said, "tackle magnifico."

Nina's eyes widened in amazement as Pip's penis grew larger, both longer and thicker. His balls got bigger too.

"That's better," said Magda as she began to strip off her clothes, "now get on the bed."

Pip climbed onto the bed and lay on his back, his flaccid penis flopped to one side across his thigh. Magda climbed up next to him and knelt at his side.

"Come on Rag," she said to Nina, "get undressed and join in the fun."

The sight of the two beautiful young bodies in front of her had begun to arouse her and she needed no more encouragement to get her boots, dress, bra and panties off. Within seconds, she too was naked.

Magda leaned over Pip, put her head down and opened her mouth. Pip let out a moan of pleasure as she took his stiffening cock in her mouth and began to fellate him.

Nina climbed onto the bed and knelt up next to Pip, knees slightly apart. He extended the forefinger of his right hand and slipped it up her dripping wet vagina.

"Oh!" She cried as she felt his digit probe her.

"Oooooh!" He cried as Magda sucked on his cock.

After a while Magda stopped sucking on Pip's cock. She knelt up, swung her leg over him, took hold of what was now about ten inches of stout veiny man meat, positioned it at her dripping hole and lowered herself onto it.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried as she felt the big cock fill her.

'That looks fun,' Nina thought to herself as she watched the witch take it up her, 'I want that cock in me.'

Pip took his finger out of Nina, grabbed hold of Magda around the waist and began to thrust upwards as she bounced up and down on the stiff member lodged in her twat.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," Magda kept repeating as she came ever closer to her climax.

"The gods, the gods, the gods," Pip kept calling as he too approached the end.

When they came, they came together, both crying out aloud, arching their backs and throwing their heads back.

"AAAAAAAHHHH!" They cried in unison as she clamped him with her contractions and he pumped her full of scalding hot messenger cum.

"Now me," said Nina as she lay on her back next to Pip, "I want to cum like that."

"Did we leave poor Morag out?" Asked Magda, smiling down at her friend, "I'm sure Pip will be ready to do it again soon."

"I don't want soon," Nina pouted, "I want now!"

"Perhaps Magda can keep Morag happy while she waits," Magda said as she got off of Pip, took hold of Nina's legs and pushed them apart.

Nina relaxed and let the other woman settle down between her damp thighs. She let out a sigh as she felt Magda kiss her on her pussy lips, then she let out a gasp as she felt a warm wet tongue begin to wriggle it's way inside her.

'Her tongue, it's forked!' Nina thought to herself as she felt Magda's tongue invade her, 'oh my God!'

Nina's body trembled and her legs twitched a she felt the witches long forked tongue go deeper and deeper inside her.

'My God!' She thought as it pushed further and further, 'how long can it be?'

Nina's insides felt as if they were getting a full internal examination from Magda's snake-like tongue.

But even though it felt alien and scary, it also felt incredible, Nina had never experienced anything like it.

"Oh Magda, oh my, oh goodness, oh yes!" She cried as the witch brought her to a shuddering climax.

The feeling of Magda's tongue withdrawing from her body was almost as intense as it had been when the long snake-like organ had slid up her and Nina let out a long sigh of delight as she felt her vagina empty and relax.

"You liked that, didn't you?" Magda asked, as she lifted her head up and smiled at Nina.

"It was heaven," Nina replied.

"I think I might be able to go again," said Pip as he looked over at Nina basking in the afterglow of her orgasm.

"Come on then," said Magda as she grabbed hold of him and rolled him over on top of the witch who she thought was her old friend, "get inside her and give her a good time."

Nina let out another sigh of pleasure as she felt the impressive cock slip inside her. Pip looked into her eyes and smiled as he began to slowly push his meat in and out of her lubricious vagina.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," Nina kept repeating in a whisper. 

"Oooh, oooh, oooh," moaned Pip as he fucked her.

"Is it nice sister?" Magda asked, looking at Nina over Pip's shoulder.

"Yes! Yes!" She replied as she dragged her long pointed fingernails down his upper arms.

It all culminated in Nina and Pip shouting aloud as they climaxed.

"YEEEESSSSSS!" Shouted Nina.

"OOOOOOOHHHH!" Shouted Pip.

Her cunt pulsed, his cock throbbed and a very large amount of semen was deposited in a very squirty cunt.

Pip collapsed on top of Nina and lay there panting. Both he and Nina had satisfied looks on their faces. Magda got off the bed and got dressed.

"Come on," she said as she pulled her boots on, "we had better get to the palace and see what the queen wants us for."

Magda conjured up a black coach drawn by four horses. The coach had originally been a broken wheel barrow and the horses four rats. 

"We need a coachman," Nina said to her.

"Kit can drive," Magda responded.

Magda threw some of the powder in the air and the black cat which had been watching the proceedings walked into the cloud it formed. Nina looked on in wonder as the cat was transformed into a handsome young man, albeit with a black tip on his nose, whiskers, pointy ears and a long furry tail.

'Fucking hell!' She thought to herself, 'this place never fails to amaze.'

"Stop staring at him and get him something to wear," said Magda.

"Oh, yes, sorry," replied Nina, walking back into the house to look for some clothes.

"Are you alright Rag?" Asked Magda, "only you seem a little distracted."

With that, Magda waved her wand and the naked man who had been a cat but a few moments before, became fully clothed in breeches, a shirt, a tunic and some leather boots.

'She used her wand,' thought Nina, 'now why didn't I think of that?'

Kit held one of the coach doors open and the two witches alighted.

"You may ride in here with us," Magda told Pip.

The young man got up into the coach and sat between the two witches, a look of trepidation on his face.

"Let me know when you are ready to go again," Magda told him as they sped along the road towards the palace, "I quite liked having that big cock inside me."

"I don't think I will be ready for a while mistress," he replied, "I think you have drained me completely."

"Oh, don't be silly," said Magda as she reached down and began to unlace his breeches, "a healthy young specimen like you should be able to do it many times in a day."

Nina watched as Magda leaned forward, opened her mouth and poked her long forked tongue out. Pip let out a sigh as the forked tip of the witches' tongue flicked over the head of pip's flaccid cock, stimulating it, making it stiffen and grow.

"Oh mistress!" Cried Pip as Magda's long black tongue wrapped itself around the shaft of his cock and began to rub up and down on it.

The sight of Magda's tongue made Nina feel quite queasy, but at the same time it aroused her. She put her hand on Pip's cheek, turned his head towards her, opened her mouth and kissed him on the lips. He opened his mouth and poked his tongue in to her mouth, then he pulled it back as he felt Nina's tongue push it's way into his.

Nina was nearly as shocked as Pip when she pushed her tongue into his mouth, it just kept going, writhing around in his mouth, filling his mouth, tickling his tonsils.

'I'm going to suffocate him,' Nina thought, so she withdrew her tongue. She was quite amazed at how it went back into her mouth and felt no larger than normal.

Nina looked down to see the tip of Magda's tongue disappear down the little hole in the end of Pip's penis. The young man let out a moan of pure pleasure as his ureter was stimulated by the witch's tongue.

"I think he is ready," Magda said to Pip after she had drawn her tongue out of him and back into her mouth, "he is nice and stiff again."

She was right, Pip's cock had become hard. Magda wriggled her snug fitting dress up over her hips, pulled her panties down and off, swung her leg over his lap, held his cock to her hole and lowered herself onto it.

"Oooh," she whispered as she filled herself with cock, "what a nice cock."

Nina watched as Magda began to bounce up and down on Pip while he sat, motionless, letting himself be used for Magda's pleasure.

"Oh yes," moaned Magda, "oh yes,yes,yes."

"uh," was all that came from Pip's mouth.

After a couple of minutes of impaling herself on Pip's large thick cock, Magda threw her head back and let out a screech.

"OH YEEEEEEESSSSSSS!" She shouted as she climaxed.

Pip's body gave an involuntary shake and he lost consciousness, all the energy had been drained from his body.

"I don't think you'll be getting any," Magda said to Nina as she lifted herself off the comatose messenger, pulled her panties back on and straightened her dress.

"Have you killed him?" Nina asked.

"I don't think so," Magda replied, "and if I had, he would have died happy."

"It looks as if we have arrived," said Nina as she looked out of the coach, "and that must be the queen come to greet us."