 Rob Hill had made his way back to the wood and found the oak tree. He went in, came out back in the real world and made his way back home.

"Good to see you Hill," said his inspector when he went to work the next day, "Straw told me you were ill."

"Yes sir, I was," Rob replied, "but I'm better now."

"Just as well, because Straw is on leave for a couple of weeks and so you will be taking on her caseload."

The next day Rob Hill met Kaye Wells.

"How old are you miss Wells?" Rob asked the young barmaid at the Blacksmith's arms, the country pub where a fracas had broken out the night before.

"Twenty, why?" She answered.

"It's just that you look younger, that's all."

"All my staff are of age," put in the landlord of the pub.

"Fair enough, now tell me about the fight."

Kaye gave Rob a short statement and then went back to work. Rob decided to take lunch in the pub so he sat at a table and wrote up his notes. Kaye brought him his food.

"It must be very exciting being a detective," she said as she put his plate in front of him.

"I'm sure you get your fair share of excitement in here, what with fights and all," replied Rob.

"Not really, it's quite dull most of the time. I think I might like to be a detective one day."

"Well, perhaps one day you will be."

Rob finished his lunch, got up and left. Kaye went back to serving behind the bar.

"That daft copper left his coat behind," said the landlord a few minutes later.

"I'll go after him and give it to him," said Kaye as she took Rob's coat from her boss, "I'm going off shift now anyway."

"He's long gone, you won't catch him."

"Oh I don't know, my car is quite fast."

Kaye jumped into her car and sped off in the direction from which Rob had come. It was not long before she saw his car ahead of her.

'I bet Nina has gone back there,' Rob thought to himself, 'she loved being that red haired huntress. Perhaps I should go back and make sure she is o.k.'

Rob drove through the town, past the police station and on towards the forest. Kaye followed.

'How exciting,' Kaye thought to herself, 'I expect he has received an order to go and make an arrest or something.'

Rob drove for nearly two hours and Kaye became intrigued as to why he had travelled so far, there must have been other detectives to make the arrest.

'I shall follow him and see what he does,' she thought to herself.

Rob drove to the forest, pulled off the road and drove along a track. Kaye pulled off the road and parked where her car would not be noticed. She got out and walked along the track. Rob had stopped his car and Kaye saw him walk into the forest, she followed at a safe distance.

Kaye saw Rob walk up to a large tree which had an opening in it's trunk. He was about to squeeze himself inside the tree when he stopped, shook his head and walked away.

'He is looking for something,' she thought to herself.

Kaye crept up to the tree after Rob had walked off and peered into the gloom inside the trunk.

'Perhaps what he is looking for is further in,' she thought as she squeezed herself in through the hole.

It was very dark inside the tree and Kaye could not see anything. She turned and squeezed back out of the tree.

"Oh!" She said aloud as she emerged from the oak, "the sun has come out, what a lovely day it has become."

Kaye felt the sun's rays warming her body and she looked up into the sky and smiled. What had been an overcast, dull afternoon had turned into a lovely spring evening.

"Come on Lettie," said a voice from behind her, "it's time we were getting back."

Kaye turned to see a young woman with pink hair dressed in a pink dress and pink boots smiling at her.

'Matching dress, boots and hair,' Kaye thought to herself, 'cool.'

"Hurry up," the young woman said to her, "if we don't get these mushrooms back to Cook there will be trouble."

'She's talking to me,' Kaye thought, 'but why did she call me Lettie?'

Kaye turned and followed the young woman through the woods. She looked down to make sure she did not trip on a tree root or suchlike and noticed that her trainers had turned into pale blue ankle boots. She also noticed that she was no longer wearing her usual blue jeans and wooly jumper, but had on a short blue dress.

'What the fuck?!' She thought, 'what has happened?'

After a short while a large stone-built house appeared in front of them and Kaye followed the young woman around the back of it and in through a door.

"Ah, there you are Lottie," said a fat man wearing a grubby white apron, "did you find enough?"

"Yes Cook," the young woman replied, "I had Lettie to help me."

"Oh yes," said the fat man, looking at Kaye in a lewd fashion, "cousin Lettie, mmmm."

Kaye shuddered as she looked at the man, he was very fat and quite greasy.

"Watch out Lettie!" Said Lottie as two young men dragged a dead boar in through the door, "that looks heavy."

Kaye looked a the two young men, one blond, the other with jet black hair and felt butterflies flutter around in her tummy.

"Oh hello," said the blond one when he saw Kaye, "you must be Lottie's cousin. I'm Joe and this is my friend Toby."

Kaye put her hand out and the young men took it in turns to take it and kiss the back of it very softly.

'That's very gallant,' she thought, 'just like in the story books.'

"I suppose you want that butchered and cooked for supper," said the fat man as he picked up a very large and very sharp knife.

"Do your best Cook," said Joe.

"Come on ladies," said Toby, "let's go and have some nettle wine."

"We have been out searching for mushrooms all afternoon," said Lottie, "let us go to our rooms and clean up first."

"Very well," said Joe, "but don't be too long, or we will have to come looking for you."

"Come on Lettie," said Lottie, "I will show you to your room."

Kaye followed Lottie through he house and up the stairs. Lottie stopped at a door at the top of the stairs and opened it.

"This is your room, mine is just along the corridor, second on the left," Lottie told her.

Kaye went into the room and looked around. There was a dressing table and stool to one side, a full length mirror to the other and a large bed in the middle of the room. Kaye went over to the mirror and looked at her reflection.

"Oh wow!" She said aloud as she looked in the mirror.

Kaye was a very attractive young woman but as most women do, she thought she could look better. Kaye thought her thighs were a bit large and thought her ass was too. Standing shorter than Kaye at a little under five foot, with hair of pale blue cut in a bob and full pink lips set in the most beautiful face the girl in the mirror was stunning.

Kaye pulled her little blue dress up over her head and off. She stood in just a pair of pale blue satin panties and her little blue ankle boots and surveyed her new body. She ran her hands down her slender flanks and over her flat tummy.

'My legs are stunning,' she thought to herself, 'and my boobs are just right.'

Kaye twisted her body and looked at her ass in the mirror. She smiled as she saw her small firm buttocks.

'This cannot be real,' she thought, 'I must be dreaming.'

Just then she heard a soft tap on her door and it opened.

"It's only us," came a softly spoken voice.

Kaye covered her boobs with her hands and stood with her knees crossed as Joe and Toby walked into the room.

"You mustn't come in!" She said in a shocked voice, "I am not decent."

"That's exactly why we are coming in," chuckled Toby, "because blue pixies aren't decent."

'Blue pixies?' Thought Kaye, 'what is he on about?'

Joe walked over to the little table standing next to the bed and put a silver coin down on it. Kaye looked at the coin and experienced a feeling she had never felt before, one of avarice.

'I want that coin,' she thought to herself, 'I will do anything for that coin.'

She turned her attention from the coin to the two young men in her room. The feeling of greed turned to one of lust as she saw that they had unlaced their breeches and each had a generously proportioned cock in his hand.

Kaye understood then, the coin was payment for what they were going to do to her.

"Shut the door and get undressed then," she said as she lifted her feet one at a time and slipped her boots off.

Toby closed the door and the two of them stripped off. They stood in front of Kaye, their erections sticking out from their bodies like pink lances waiting to be embedded in a soft target.

Kaye took hold of her panties and slid them down over her slim thighs and off of her smooth slender legs. Her eyes widened when she saw that her pubic hair was pale blue in colour, just like the hair on her head.

"Oh look Toby," said Joe, "isn't she beautiful?"

"What a lovely pussy," replied Toby, "I wonder if it tastes as sweet as Lottie's pussy."

"Why don't you find out?" Asked Kaye as she climbed onto the bed, lay on her back and opened her legs.

Toby got onto the bed and put his head between Kaye's outspread thighs, she let out a small mew of pleasure as his tongue flicked at her labia and worked it's way to her clitoris.

Kaye was not a promiscuous young woman, in fact some of the boys she had dated found her a bit of a cold fish, slow to respond to kisses or to being touched, but she found that she had changed, not only in appearance but also in character and she was eager to get some cock inside her.

"Oh that's nice," she said as Toby's tongue stimulated her clitoris, "just there, yes there."

"I think she is ready for us," said Joe as he removed the lid from a glass jar which he was holding.

'Us?' Thought Kaye.

Toby got out from between Kaye's legs and lay on his back on the bed, legs together, cock standing proudly up.

"Get on top of him," Joe told Kaye.

Kaye straddled Toby, took hold of his cock, positioned it at the entrance to her vagina and lowered herself onto him. She let out a moan of pleasure as she felt him fill her.

"Is she tight?" Asked Joe.

"Perfect," replied Toby.

Kaye looked down at the young man beneath her and began to roll her hips, working herself off on his big stiff cock.

"Hold still," said Joe and Kaye felt him smear something on her ass hole.

"What are you doing?" She asked, a note of fear in her voice.

"Just putting a bit of Marlock's jelly on you," answered Joe as he pushed two fingers up her ass.

Kaye closed her eyes and tensed her body. She had never had anything put inside her ass and she was scared that it would be very painful, but she was pleasantly surprised when instead of pain she felt a tinge of pleasure as Joe's digits wriggled around in her rectum.

"Good girl," said Joe as he took his fingers out, climbed onto the bed, crouched behind Kaye, held his cock at her ass hole and then pushed it in her.

"Ooooh!" She moaned as she felt his stiff pole fill her back passage.

"Can you feel me?" Joe asked his friend over Kaye's shoulder.

"Yes, I think I can," replied Toby.

"Oh fuck," moaned Kaye, "I feel so full up."

Kaye let out a long low groan as she felt Joe begin to thrust his cock in and out of her ass while Toby thrust upwards, burying his cock in her dripping wet cunt.

"Her cousin was right about her," said Toby, "she is a randy little thing."

"Oh her ass is so tight," said Joe, "it's squeezing my cock just perfectly."

Kaye started to roll her hips again, grinding down on Toby's cock as Joe pushed his meat all the way in and out of her rear end.

"Oh yes! Come on you bastards! Fuck my cunt and fuck my ass!" Cried Kaye as she became more and more aroused by the fucking she was getting.

"Oh the gods!" Shouted Joe as he started to ejaculate in Kaye's rectum.

"Oh fuck that's a lot," moaned Kaye as she felt herself being pumped full of Joe's spunk.

"Oooooh!" Cried Toby as he began to shoot his load into her.

"I'm Cummmmiiinnngggg!" Cried Kaye as she experienced an orgasm the like of which she had never experienced before.

They all stopped moving and became frozen in a tableau of pure passion. All three wore an expression of total bliss as they were transported to a higher plane while their bodies did what bodies do when coming so intensely.

"That was amazing!" Said Kaye when she finally found her voice, "I have never had that done to me before."

"Really?" Asked Toby, "that's not what your cousin told us."

"Well," said Kaye, trying to hide her mistake, "what I meant was that I have never had such an orgasm when taking it in my ass and pussy at the same time."

"It was rather nice," said Joe as he pulled his softening cock from Kaye's bum hole, "you definitely deserve that coin."

Kaye lifted herself from Toby's cock and lay on the bed next to him.

"Supper will be served shortly," said Toby as he got up from the bed, "come down when you are ready."

The two young men picked up their clothes and left the room. Kaye stood up and put her clothes back on. Lottie knocked on her door and walked in.

"Toby and Joe are nice, aren't they," said Lottie as she looked at the dishevelled bed and the jar of jelly standing on the little table next to it.

"Mmm, yes," agreed Kaye.

"Come down and meet Joe's aunt Estella, it's time for supper."

Kaye followed Lottie down the stairs. She could feel the spunk that had been put inside her leaking out and soaking her panties as she walked along.

"This is my cousin Lettie," Lottie said to the very attractive woman sitting at the head of the large dining table in the large dining room, "Lettie, this is lady Estella."

The mature beauty and the blue pixie exchanged greetings and Kaye sat.

"That was a lovely meal," Kaye said later as she mopped gravy from her plate with a piece of bread.

"Yes," said Estella, "Cook is one of the best cooks in the kingdom."

"Perhaps you should go to the kitchen and compliment him personally," said Toby, looking directly at Kaye.

Kaye thought of the lewd expression on Cook's face when she had met him and shuddered.

"No sign of Percy yet aunty?" Asked Joe.

"No," replied Estella in a sad voice, "I was a fool to allow him to go and look for Rob Hill, now I don't have either of them to warm my bed."

Kaye's ears pricked up at the mention of the name Rob Hill.

'That's the name of the detective I met this morning,' she thought to herself, 'he has been here and he was going to come back but must have changed his mind. Why?'

"Never mind, lady Estella," said Toby, "I'm sure Percy will be back soon, he likes it here, he has told me so many times."

After supper they sat around and watched Lettie try to dance. They all laughed at her clumsy prancing about and the way she managed to trip over things that were not even there.

"Now you dance for us," Toby said to Kaye, "let us see if a blue pixie dances any better than a pink one."

Kaye had never been much of a dancer but she got up and skipped around the room and waved her arms about in the same way as Lottie.

"Oh that is pretty," said Estella, clapping her hands in time with Kaye's movements.

Kaye danced for a few minutes and then stopped. The little audience clapped and she was given a jug of nettle wine as a reward.

Toby, Joe and even Estella showed off their skills on the dance floor, they had been so inspired by Kaye's efforts and a fun time was had by all.

Eventually the little party broke up and they all went off to bed.

Kaye went to her room and took off her little blue dress. She noticed a jug of water and a bowl on her dressing table so she took off her panties and washed the spunk out of them in the bowl.

"Are you going to wash your cunt too?" Came a voice from somewhere in the room.

Kaye span around to see a little man sitting in the corner of the room. He had pointy features and scruffy black hair, but most noticeable of all was that he was bright red in colour.

"Eeek!" Screamed Kaye, but not too loudly, "who or what are you?"

"My name is Ivan," the little man replied, "and don't tell me you have never seen an imp before."

'An imp?' Thought Kaye, 'I'm a pixie and he is an imp? Where the hell am I?'

"Well I am pleased to meet you Ivan," said Kaye, "now get out of my room."

"This silver coin says I can stay," Ivan said as he picked up a silver coin from the dressing table and held it in front of Kaye.

Once again, Kaye felt the desire to own the coin.

"Well, I suppose you can stay, but only if you sleep in the corner," she said to the imp, "and close your eyes, I don't want you looking at me when I am like this."

"Oh no," said the imp, "you only get to keep the coin if I can share your bed."

Kaye took a long look at the imp. He was not bad looking for a little guy she decided and it wasn't as if it were her body he was ogling, just that of some slutty pixie.

"I suppose I had better wash then," said Kaye as she poured some more water into the bowl and dipped a soft cloth in it.

"Please, allow me," said Ivan as he took the cloth from her, wrapped it around his finger and pushed it in her vagina.

"Mmmm," moaned Kaye as the imp gently scooped the last vestiges of Toby's spunk from her.

Ivan removed his finger from her and Kaye climbed onto the bed. She lay on her back and opened her legs. Ivan got in between them and put his face to her soft pale blue bush.

"Oh I do love the smell of pixie pussy," he said as he inhaled deeply.

"Do you like the taste too?" Kaye asked.

"Yes," said Ivan as he poked his tongue out and began to lick Kaye's labia.

"Oh that feels nice," whispered Kaye as she felt the tip of Ivan's tongue flicking her clitoris.

Kaye closed her eyes and let the imp's tongue take her to heaven.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! OH YESSSSSS!" She cried as she experienced another intense orgasm.

"By the gods, you girls come hard," said Ivan as he came up for air and wiped away the juice that Kaye had squirted all over his chin with the back of his hand.

"Us blue pixies are famous for it," snickered Kaye.

Kaye and Ivan held each other's gaze as Ivan removed his clothes.

'His cock is so red, and so pointy,' she thought as she looked down at Ivan's erection standing out from his groin, 'and his balls are so big!'

"Let's see if I can make you come again," said Ivan as he settled himself between Kaye's open legs.

"Oh that feels nice," said Kaye as she felt the imp's stiff pointy cock slip inside her dripping wet cunt.

"Lovely pixie pussy," said Ivan as he felt her envelope him, "lovely slippery pixie pussy."

"Fuck me then you little red fucker," said Kaye, "show me how you use that red hot poker you keep between your legs."

Ivan rose to the challenge and began to thrust his cock in and out of Kaye with zeal. Kaye responded by wrapping her legs around his back and pulling herself upwards, making sure that every last bit of Imp cock was inside her when it was thrust in.

"Oh fucking hell I'm coming," said Ivan after a minute or so.

"OH FUUUUUCK!" Shouted Kaye as she beat him to it.

Ivan felt her cunt contracting as she came and Kaye felt Ivan's cock throb as he emptied those swollen balls in her.

"Still coming?" Asked Kaye after some time had passed.

"Still...... coming...." said Ivan as he continued to pump spunk into her.

Eventually Ivan finished and he pulled out. Kaye looked down between her legs and watched as a river of thick cream coloured spunk ran from her and flooded the bed.

"Fucking hell that is a lot!" She exclaimed as she watched Ivan's cum soak into the sheet.

"It's been a while," said Ivan.

Kaye noticed that Ivan's balls had shrunk to a more realistic size for a character of his stature and that his cock was somewhat diminished as well.

"You never came down to supper," Kaye said to Ivan as they lay next to each other on the bed.

"I'm not supposed to be here," he replied, "but us imps are good at hiding and sneaking about the place."
