 Abby awoke in her dream. She hoped this wouldn't happen every time she slept. In front of her stood the purple-eyed woman. She wore a large smile, showing her bright white teeth, and her elongated fangs, and black lips. 

The woman walked closer to Abby, "You've been busy, haven't you, my dear?" Abby didn't respond, and stood silently, hoping the encounter would pass quickly. 

"You should know, you're exceeding my wildest expectations! First, you manage to pick one the sexiest forms any of my girls have ever selected. Then you feed more in two days than most girls feed in their first week. You're positively insatiable...or maybe just making up for all that repressed sexuality?" 

The woman dragged her finger from Abby's chin, down to her neck and ending on her breastbone, pressing it firmly against Abby. "On top of all that, you've taken to your ability to shape shift as a fish takes to water! Truly, you are as special as I'd hoped you'd be!" 

A mirror materialized in front of Abby. The purple-eyed woman waived her hand in front of it and the mirror began to display the scene that had just played out between Abby and Sarah, in particular the point where Abby's body began to shift to match Sarah's more base desires. Abby tried to close her eyes, but couldn't, some force compelling her to continue watching the erotic display of her and Sarah's fucking. 

"Look at how naturally you adapt yourself to meet the desires of your partner! Like here, as you split your tongue! And growing your clit to the size of a cock?! Brilliant!" 

Abby felt a mixture of shameful and pride watching the scene unfold, along with a healthy dose of arousal. 

"Mmm, that's right, you should feel good. You're learning the skills you'll need to sustain yourself once you complete your transformation. We need to have a little talk before things get too much further along." 

"What are you talking about?" asked Abby. 

"You've almost fully transformed, and soon you'll arrive at the completion of your journey. You'll be as I was when I still had a body. Humans will be both your companions and your source of sustenance. Already, you're closer than you think. The further along this path you go, the more your abilities will develop. Don't be afraid to push yourself. The same energy that allows you to reshape your flesh can reshape your clothes, your jewelry, your lingerie..." 

"That's all well and fine, since my old clothes are basically useless anyways" spat Abby, "but how am I supposed to get through work tomorrow? My body keeps changing, whether I want it to or not! I get near an attractive man, and it just, I don't know, it just goes!" 

"Attractive person dear, not just men. You need to start thinking of yourself as you really are, not as you were. And to your concern, it's YOUR body, no one else is in control. Instruct it and it will obey. Think of it of like a dog you're training. It wants to make you happy, but it also has its own needs and instincts, and at its nature it's only concerned with feeding itself and fucking. Feed it, reward it, make sure you give it the attention it needs and it will learn to anticipate your needs and obey your wishes. Just remember to respect its instincts and its nature, you can't suppress them forever. They will come to the surface, and likely when you least want them to." 

The purple-eyed woman caressed her hand along Abby's cheek. "You'll do fine tomorrow, but you'd make it even easier on yourself if you fed a bit more. Do that, practice controlling your body, and you might even have fun!" 

The woman placed her palm against the gem buried in Abby's naval and Abby's vision filled with bright red light. "It's time for you to wake up now. Remember to work with your body, train it and reward it when you can. Life will be much easier if you do that." 

Abby woke with the sun, the memory of her visitation lingering in the front of her mind. She was spooning Sarah from behind. Her alarm wouldn't go off for another hour. She usually clung to every second of pre-alarm sleep, but not today. She lay in bed with her mind racing. She could feel Sarah's breathing and the warmth of Sarah's skin under her fingertips. The memories of the prior night stirred in her mind. She'd done things with Sarah she had never imagined possible. 

She knew she should feel some sense of guilt or shame for taking Sarah the way she had, but she simply didn't. The more she thought about it the more she felt happy it had happened. Maybe this whole ascension or transformation or whatever, wasn't the curse she'd been telling herself...after all, she'd never felt so close to Sarah, and as she thought about the form she'd taken on, and how that allowed her to more fully arouse and pleasure her friend, she couldn't find any trace of shame. 

A faint smile started to emerge at the corners of her mouth as she let her mind wander. She closed her eyes, relaxed and started to focus her mind the way the purple haired woman had suggested. She could feel her body in a new way, could feel energy moving through it. It was almost like the feeling of water moving past her skin, but it was deeper. 

Since her initial encounter with the gem, she'd not given herself the chance to really just experience what she was feeling. Abby rolled to her back, letting her mind empty. She felt new sensations from various parts of being. The most familiar was the hunger. It was very mild, and felt distant, but definitely not sated. 

Past the hunger there was something else, though. It was like her body had certain urges she could faintly sense. Her breasts wanted to be squeezed, kneaded, and suckled. She let her hands wander to them, gently kneading them, cupping them and feeling their new size. She didn't feel a sense of arousal like she expected, but rather she felt contentment emanate from them. He breasts began to swell in her hands. She hadn't tried to make them grow, but as they inflated, she didn't resist. They continued to grow until they were far larger than anything natural. Her nipples had also extended, and increased in length and thickness. As her breasts 

She shifted her attention to her legs. Thanks to her new flexibility, she was able to lift them straight up high into the air. She brought her knee close to her face. The flesh of her legs was without any visible pores or blemishes, perfectly smooth. Come to think of it, since her transition, she couldn't remember having sweated. Maybe she simply didn't have to anymore? The skin on her legs was the same as the rest of her body, almost like it was covered in a thin coating of makeup foundation, perfectly smooth and without blemishes. She looked at her feet and watched as her toenails changed color on their own, going from a natural pink to a bright, candy red, and finally settling into a dark metallic green. 

She ran her hands along her legs, marveling in the smoothness of her skin. Even when she did shave her legs, rare as it was, they never felt as smooth as they did now. Abby felt an urge to stretch emanate from her thighs and calves. Her legs wanted to lengthen, she felt them pleading with her. She didn't fight it, and watched as they extended, growing 4" longer. Her ankles slimed, becoming almost unnaturally thin. Her legs liked this length, she felt their sense of contentment. Perhaps she'd let them stay this way for a while? 

She stood and headed toward the bathroom to wash up and start preparing for the day. As she entered the bathroom she saw herself in the mirror and let out a small gasp! She still didn't recognize herself in this new body, made ever more strange by her extra height and comically large breasts. Her body hadn't reformed itself to the default form she'd started to become accustomed to. Her neck was at least 6" longer than it should have been. Her breasts were all but gone, only her nipples remained, and even they were tiny and flat. Her stomach was flat, and her abdomen was thinner and flatter than should have been possible. 

After she got over the initial shock, she focused for a moment and her body reformed into what she thought of as her new normal shape. She was curious, just how malleable and flexible could she be? She grabbed her left index finger, and started bending it backward. She was able to bend it all the way back, until her fingernail was touching the back of her hand. She expected there to be pain, but there wasn't. "Whoa!" was all Abby could say. 

"I wonder..." she said aloud. Sarah had tried repeatedly to get her to attend yoga with her. She'd gone a few times, but before her changes, it was a tiring and painful activity that she had no interest in. She stood from the bed, as she remembered a pose Sarah had told her about. She leaned forward and shifted into a standing forward fold pose. Not only did she assume the position without any discernable effort, she was able to go even further, wrapping her arms around her legs and holding the position with no effort. Her nipples pushed into her legs just above her knees and her stomach was pressing on her thighs. "What can't this body do?" 

As she stood back up, she thought about what she'd been told, and her ability to change her clothes. "I wonder what my legs would look like in silk fishnets?" and before she even finished speaking, the changes began. Faint red wisps rolled over her the skin of her legs. Near the top of her thighs a black silk lace band formed, and from it a lace pattern grew toward her toes, like vines climbing down a wall. As it approached her ankles she felt her foot extend as though she were on her tip-toes. The lace vines hit her ankle and covered her foot, while a hard black heel extended down from the bottom of her heel, and the bottom of her foot seemed to grow a hard sole all the way to her toes. A set of straps oozed out of the hard bottom over the top of her foot forming a series of straps. 

Abby marveled at what had just happened. She could feel a strong sense of accomplishment emanate from her legs and feet. She ran her hands over her skin, amazed that it felt exactly like a lace fishnet stocking would, at least she assumed as much, having never owned a pair. She could even grab the small threads and pull them away from her skin. She felt the garter top on her thighs, and was able to pull it down her leg, exactly like a real garter would. She imagined the fishnets as sheer silk, and immediately the material shifted to silk. Abby laughed quietly, amazed at what she'd just seen happen. 

"I guess I was right; I really don't need to buy a new wardrobe." She moved her foot around and examined her legs, and decided to try one more trick, and though about her feet being covered in knee-high black leather boots, with giant heels. Immediately the hard material on the bottom of her feet expanded and moved toward her knees, reshaping her lower legs as it went. The end result was her feet and calves covered in shiny black leather boots, with 5" heels. From her knees up was still covered in silk that ended in a lace garter on her thigh. 

Curious to see how the boots would feel in action she took a few steps, finding her balance as solid as if she'd been barefoot. She could feel the ground under her feet more than if she had normal shoes on, but far less than if she was barefoot. She approached her mirror, and envisioned herself wearing a low cut blue dress, ending just above her knees. Blue material seemed to flow out from the gem in her naval, all the way up to her shoulders and down to her knees. Initially it looked like a she was wearing blue body paint, but quickly the material seemed to rise off her skin and take on the qualities of fabric. She felt herself ease down as the boots and stockings simply disappeared. 

The material settled into a final shape, that of a blue, knee length sundress. It showed off her cleavage exactly as she'd hopped it would, and when she looked at her back, her tattoo wings tops were visible on the top of her back. The material felt like cotton to the touch. She was barefoot now, and could feel the hardwood floors of the bedroom under her feet, though her toes remained the same shade of red as before. 

Curious as to how real the material was, she pulled the sundress over her head. The material acted exactly like real fabric. She held the dress in front of her to examine it. For all intents and purposes it was real from what she could discern. She let it drop to the floor into a pile. Nothing happened, it looked exactly as you'd expect a dress thrown on the floor to look like. Just then she heard Sarah stir in bed. As her focus drifted off of the dress it began to dissolve into the familiar red mist she'd seen. It swirled around her ankles and rising up her legs. When she looked back she saw the half dissolved dress and the mist flowing toward her body. The mist absorbed into her skin, disappearing. After a few moments the dress was no gone and she was nude again. 

Abby could scarcely believe the morning she'd had. Her body was quiet now, and her hunger wasn't strong. She felt almost...normal. Sarah again stirred. She must be waking up. Abby left Sarah's room and went into her own. Laying on the floor, she saw the outfit she'd worn to work Friday, the plain white blouse, charcoal skirt, grey bra and panties. The weekend had gone by in such a blur. It was Monday, she had to be to work soon! How would that even work now? She realized she'd have to become the Abby everyone was used to seeing. 

She'd need to become how she was, how people remembered her looking: plain, boring, unattractive, and unremarkable. She searched her mind, but struggled to remember exactly how her body had felt. How often does someone think about what their body feels like? A sense of trepidation came over Abby as she willed her body back into how she remembered it looking before the gem had transformed her. Her features flowed and her old body began to take shape. 

Her breasts receded until they were barely there A cups. Her hips pushed out, losing their gentle curves and instead took on a size far too large for her otherwise small frame. Her skin blemished and her acne scares returned, just where she remembered them being. Her hair dulled into a flat brown, with split ends and a scragginess she'd not missed. After just a few moments, old Abby had returned. She imagined herself in the same grey bra and panties she'd worn on Friday, causing them to materialize on her skin. 

Abby went to the bathroom and looked, once again, in the mirror. She'd come full circle in a sense. The homely virgin she'd been so used to seeing in the mirror looked back at her. It looked familiar, but felt completely wrong. She felt burdened and restricted, like her real body was trapped under a bunch of heavy, waterlogged sweatshirt. 

Just then she heard a light knock on the doorframe. Sarah was standing, watching Abby. 

"I suppose you need to look normal for work, huh?" 

"Yeah, but I can't believe how...well, wrong this feels." 

"Well, at least you don't have to stay this way forever now. Just change a little bit each day. I mean, you can change a little today, clear up your skin and hair, and if anyone asks, just tell them you had a makeover this weekend." 

Sarah walked behind Abby and wrapped her arms around her waist. She leaned forward, placing her face next to Abby's. 

"I'd say in a months' time you can look however you'd like. No one notices tiny changes. Hell, even now, there's no reason to leave your hair this tangled mess or all those scares on your face." 

Abby cleared up her skin, making it look like she had a light application of makeup on. At the same time, her hair had fixed itself into a perfectly styled shape with a high, tight pony tail. She even allowed it to turn the same dark shade of red it naturally wanted to be. She still looked enough like she used to that no one would think anything odd. 

"I suppose I can get away with this." 

"Definitely! That said, you might want to consider some clothes, I think they'd have a problem with you showing up naked." smirked Sarah. 

"Oh, yeah, I haven't shown you yet!" 

Abby thought for just a second and a light blue long sleeved cotton shirt and black slacks appeared on her. As she unbuttoned the top two buttons of the shirt, she fought the urge to swell her breasts up just enough to give a hint of cleavage. She could feel a bra underneath the shirt. 

"Whoa, when did you learn to do that?" 

"It's handy isn't it?" Abby changed her entire outfit, changing it quickly into full body latex cat-suit. "I'll be able to save a ton of money on clothes!" 

"Wow Abby, as if this thing wasn't amazing enough already, now you can literally have any body or look you want! I'd give just about anything to be able shapeshift like that?" 

Abby shifted back to how she'd been before. Sarah took over the bathroom to shower and get ready. Abby made herself some coffee and packed her bag up for work. She sipped her coffee, and realized it barely tasted like anything. She didn't know if caffeine even worked on for her anymore, but figured it wouldn't hurt and continued drinking the bland beverage. Abby yelled goodbye to her roommate that she was leaving. She walked to the street and headed toward the subway station she'd used hundreds of times prior. 

As she took her seat on the train headed toward Manhattan, she took stock. Her life had changed so much in the last 3 days. She barely knew who she was anymore, or even what she was. In spite of that, she felt good, empowered and in control. She admitted to herself she'd feel better in her default sex-kitten form, but for now her old body would just have to do. She scanned the car, and found herself sizing up every single person, sexually. 

The train stopped, and a well-built young black man entered the car, and stood directly in front of her. She caught his scent, a mixture of leather and apple, and immediately began to react. He was wearing jeans and a tank-top, and reading his phone. Abby felt the hunger rise in her, but caught herself, and looked away. A small smile spread across her lips. "Okay, so maybe I'm not quite as in control as I think." 

The train pulled away, and jostled along the track, causing the man to get tossed in such a way as to have skin on skin contact with Abby. Her hunger responded almost immediately. She reached out and grazed her finger on his forearm. She could immediately sense his most prominent sexual desires and knew that she could sway his will, and he'd follow her off the train if she wanted him to. It took strong concentration for her to withdraw her hand, and train her attention elsewhere. Work would be very very interesting today. 

If nothing else, work would probably be interesting.