 It was a very dense fog that enveloped us and the light began to fade. Largo told Ikabod to steer the boat and asked Desdemona and Rustic to prepare food for us all.

"I shall go to my cabin," he told me, "Ashka may be there waiting for me."

As he went below deck Evelyn came up. She had a rosy glow on her porcelain cheeks and a contented smile on her face.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"And Ashka, did she enjoy herself?"

"Yes."

"I think Largo is going down to enjoy her now."

"He will find her ready and waiting."

My balls tingled at the thought of Ashka lying on Largo's bed, legs akimbo, pussy dripping wet.

"Grub's up," said Rustic as he handed us each a plate of fish and spinach.

"Good old Desi," said Evelyn as she took a mouthful, "she can certainly cook."

'She can certainly fuck too,' I thought as I tucked into my supper.

The night closed in and I was given a lantern and told to stand on the starboard side, to alert other craft to our presence and to look out for rocks and suchlike. Rustic had to do the same on the port side.

An hour or so later Ashka came and stood beside me. We both looked out over the calm fog covered water. I spoke first.

"Can I talk to Roz?"

"Of course."

"So, who do you prefer, Largo or Evelyn?"

"I love them both."

"Is that possible?"

"All elves are bisexual to some degree or another. Evelyn tends towards the gay end of the spectrum, but she will go with a male. I thought Ashka was straight but she is in love with Evelyn. Do you believe in love at first sight?"

"I suppose so."

"I fell for Evelyn as soon as I saw her. It was a bit of a shock because when I was Roz I never found any woman attractive."

"What about Largo, is he all you hoped for?"

"He is a total dish and a prince to boot! I am so happy Jim. I am so grateful to you for showing me this wonderful place."

"Be happy as Ashka, but be careful."

"Thanks Jim, I shall."

"What are you two whispering about?" Asked Desdemona as she came over to us.

"I was asking if there were enough of us to rescue Kat," I replied.

"We will have surprise on our side."

"Largo said that when we came looking for Ashka."

"Well, there you go then."

Desdemona wandered away towards the port side. Ashka kissed me softly on my cheek and went below decks. A minute or so later Largo came up on deck.

"I shall stand watch for a while," he told me, "Evelyn can take over from your dwarf. Go and rest."

"Thank you," I replied, "and he is not my dwarf, I only met him the same day as I met you."

Largo shrugged and took the lantern from me. I went below and headed to my cabin.

My cock began to stiffen and my balls went all fuzzy when I saw what was waiting for me in my cabin. Lying on my bunk, completely naked, was Ashka.

"I thought I would show my gratitude to you for bringing me here," she said as she opened her legs, revealing her pussy lips set in her soft blonde bush.

"You don't have to," I told her.

"I want to," she said huskily, "you are very attractive and when I saw you on the deck today with nothing on, I made my mind up that I was going to have you."

I stripped off my clothes, limbed onto the bunk and lay next to her. We turned to face each other and began to french-kiss. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me close, I wrapped my arms around her body and did the same.

I could feel her stiff nipples pressing against my chest and her tummy pressing on my erect cock. Our tongues danced around, first in my mouth and then in hers.

"Stick it in me," she whispered as she pulled her mouth away from mine, "stick it in me and kiss me some more."

She took her arms from around my neck and lay on her back. She opened her legs and I positioned my body between them. I took hold of my cock, held it at the entrance to her cunt and slid it into her.

"Oh Percy," She moaned as I entered her.

"Mmmmm," I moaned in reply.

I fucked her slowly and gently, savouring each thrust and the feeling of her warm wet love tunnel squeezing my cock shaft. I guess I must have been getting better at fucking because I managed to control myself and did not start thrusting like a maniac as I felt myself getting close to coming.

"Oh this is nice," she said, looking into my eyes and smiling.

"It is, it is," I replied.

"Speed up a bit," she told me.

So I did.

"Oh fuck yes! That's it! Oh FUCK!" She cried as I rammed my cock in and out more quickly.

"Oh, I'm gonna come," I told her.

"OH YESSSSSSS!" She cried as she climaxed.

I stopped moving, my cock buried inside her as deeply as it could be. I felt her vagina pulsing as she had her orgasm and my cock began to throb, pumping my semen into her.

"Thank you," I said as I climbed off of her.

"No, thank you," she replied.

We decided to keep our tryst a secret.

"It would be an inappropriate reputation for a princess to have," she told me, "that of a sex-mad slut."

"I agree," I replied.

We all took turns to keep watch. I went to my cabin to sleep before the dawn whilst Evelyn and Desdemona were on duty. After I woke up I got dressed and went up on deck, the fog had cleared and it was a beautiful sunny day.

"There it is," said Evelyn, pointing forwards, "the island where the trolls have their mine."

"We shall put ashore in a quiet spot," said Largo, "and consider how we are to rescue the cat."

Before long we were close to the shore. Having been there before, Desdemona had a place in mind where we could anchor our boat and she guided Largo as he steered. We sailed into a cove where we were hidden from view and the water was shallow. Ikabod and Rustic threw the anchor overboard to stop us drifting.

"What's that?" Asked Ashka, pointing to something in the water.

I looked to see a body floating face down in the water. I jumped overboard and swam towards it.

"What is it?" Shouted Largo as I reached the body.

"A man!"! I shouted in reply, "or something resembling a man."

I flipped the body over and dragged it back to the boat. Largo reached over the side and helped me haul it onto the deck. I climbed back on board and we all looked at it.

"It's a troll," said Desdemona, "is he alive?"

I started to do chest compressions to see if I could get the troll to bring up any water that had gotten into his lungs. After a short while he coughed up the water and began to breathe.

"Well done Percy," said Largo, patting me on the back, "it looks as if you have saved his life."

"Let's take him to my cabin," I said, "he can recover there."

Largo helped me lift the troll from the deck and carry him to my cabin.

"I expected a troll to be heavier than this," said Largo, "and bigger."

I cast my eyes over the troll. He was about five foot two inches tall, of stocky build and very hairy. His face was similar to that of a young human except that his jaw was undershot with two small tusks sticking up from his lower jaw and resting on his upper lip.

"He looks quite young," said Ashka as she followed us below deck.

We carried him into my cabin and put him on my bunk.

"I shall see if he has any injuries," Ashka said to us, "you can leave now."

"Percy shall stay with you in case he tries to escape and warn others that we are here," said Largo, "I shall keep watch up top and devise a plan to rescue the cat."

I sat on a stool to one side of my cabin and Ashka sat on the bunk next to the troll. She looked at his head which had a nasty looking cut on it just over his left eye.

"Help me undress him," she said to me, "we need to see if anything is broken."

We removed his sodden shirt and breeches. Ashka picked up a cotton cloth and used it to try and dry him off.

"He is very hairy," she said as she rubbed his arms and legs with the cloth.

I looked at him and nodded in agreement. The troll had pale skin, but most of it had a thin covering of coarse black hair.

"He is not exactly pretty," I said as I looked at this face, "he looks like a boxer that has just lost a grudge match."

"Oh I don't know," said Ashka, "I think he is quite cute."

"That's Roz talking, isn't it? No blonde, twenty-something elvish beauty like Ashka would look twice at him, but a fifty-something horny English widow would."

"Put a fifty-something horny English widow in the body of a twenty-something elvish blonde beauty and something is bound to happen."

"So when he wakes up you're going to fuck him, aren't you."

"Why wait for him to wake up?" She asked as she wrapped her long slender fingers around his flaccid cock and began to massage it.

The troll groaned softly and a smile appeared on his face.

"See? He likes it," Ashka said to me, "he is dreaming about a young pretty girl troll."

"Shall I leave?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "I don't want Largo seeing you and finding out."

The troll's cock had become fully erect and it stood proudly out from his incredibly hairy groin. I felt a little envious when I saw it's length and girth. Ashka felt around in his thick black pubic hair.

"Oh there they are and a decent size too," she said when she had found his balls, "I'll just check them for damage."

The troll groaned again, his smile getting wider.

"Are they o.k.?" I asked.

"I had better make sure they work properly," she replied as she let go of his cock and stood up.

I watched as she slipped off her long dress, pulled her satin panties down, climbed back on the bunk and straddled the dazed troll. She took hold of his cock, positioned it at her hole and settled down on him. The troll threw back his head and let out a long low moan.

"Oh Jesus fucking Christ!" Exclaimed Ashka as she felt the troll's cock fill her.

"Be careful Roz," I warned her, "you cannot be heard saying that."

"Oh fucking hell, this feels nice," she said in a softer voice, "his cock feels so nice in me."

I watched as she rolled her hips, grinding down on him, using the unconscious troll's cock to stimulate her vagina.

"Do you want me to suck you while I fuck him?" She asked.

I stood up, unlaced my breeches and took out my stiff cock which had pre cum streaming out of it. I stood next to the bunk and she turned her head, took my length in her mouth and began to suck me off.

"You really are a dirty old bitch Roz," I said to her as she bounced up and down on the troll and sucked on me.

"Ashka," she said, taking her mouth away, "you must call me Ashka."

"And you must top taking the Lord's name in vain," I replied, stuffing my cock back in her mouth.

"Oh fuck I'm coming!" I cried as I felt my spunk flowing out of my cock and into her mouth.

"Mmmmm, mmmm, mm," mumbled Ashka in reply as she swallowed my cum.

I looked down to see her fingers curled in the hair on the troll's stomach, pulling on it as she reached her climax, her hips moving rapidly, juice running from her and wetting his thick pubic bush.

I finished coming in her mouth and pulled out before there was a chance of being bitten.

"OH FUUUUUCKKK!" She cried as she threw her head back and froze, bearing down on the troll as hard as possible while her cunt pulsed with contractions.

The smile on the troll's face disappeared to be replaced by a look of wonder as his eyes and mouth opened wide and a long moan of pure pleasure emanated from his lips.

"He's coming in me," said Ashka as she sat on him, letting him fill her insides with troll cum, "by the gods he is coming a lot, and I mean a lot!"

The troll's eyes closed and he lost consciousness again, but the smile returned as wide as ever. Eventually Ashka lifted herself off of him and a river of thick cream coloured liquid flowed out of her cunt and landed on his stomach.

"Bloody hell!" I exclaimed, "you weren't kidding!"

Ashka stemmed the flow of cum by stuffing her panties in her cunt and then she wiped his mess from his body with the cotton cloth.

"Well, that bit of him is in good health," I said as I looked at him lying on my bunk, still with that big smile on his face.

"It certainly is," Ashka agreed as she slipped her dress back on.

"Shall we let him rest now?" I asked as I got dressed.

"Perhaps we should. I had better go for a swim and rinse out my panties."

'Your cunt too,' I thought to myself as I followed her out of the cabin.