 It was odd that she didn't know where the wash house was. I nudged her with my nose, jumped off the bed and went to the door. I looked over my shoulder to see her get off the bed, scrunch her panties up in a ball and hold them between her legs to catch the cum that was dribbling from her hole.

"Lead on MacDuff," she said in a jolly voice as she followed me out of the bedroom.

'Lead on MacDuff?' I thought as I led her down the stairs and through the kitchen to the outhouse in the yard behind the tavern.

"I have filled the tub," Roger told her as he came out of the small wooden building that housed the bath, "that's two things I've filled today."

"Ha ha, very funny," said Lettie as she walked past him and into the outhouse.

I slipped in behind her and jumped up onto the little table at the side of the tub where the soap was kept.

Lettie dropped her cum soaked panties on the floor, took off her ankle boots and short blue dress, lifted her foot over the rim of the tub and dipped it in the water.

"Oh lovely," she said, "really nice and hot."

'Bit like you then,' I thought as I watched the beautiful young pixie lower herself into the water and lean back to enjoy a good soak.

"Oh puss," she said to me, "what shall I do? I am not really Lettie, an over-sexed slut who is obsessed by money, I am Kaye Wells and I work in a pub in Warwickshire. I am trapped in this place, in this pixie body, I'm helpless."

"You mean you from the real world, like me?" I asked, but it came out as "MIAOWW!"

"I only hope," she said as she washed her beautiful body with the soap, "that someone turns up and gets me out of here."

I watched as she finished washing herself, washed the cum out of her panties, dried herself on a soft cotton cloth and put her dress and boots back on.

"I shall hang these up to dry," she said as she draped her panties over a nail sticking out of the wooden frame of the outhouse, "come on puss, let's see if there is anything to eat."

Later that evening the tavern was quite busy. Roger, Lettie and her brother served an assortment of characters with ale and mead and wine. The atmosphere was loud but friendly.

The door opened and a man walked in, accompanied by two rather large and ugly orcs. The human strode up to the bar and ordered tankards of ale for the three of them.

"Me and my companions are on their way to work for the trolls in their sapphire mine," he told Roger, "and I have promised them a treat before they leave. Where can I find a whore for them?"

"This is not that sort of place," Roger told the man, "you won't find a whore in here."

"But you will find a blue pixie," put in a dwarf who was standing nearby, "and she will do anything for a silver coin."

Several of the crowd laughed at the dwarf's comment. I had been lounging on the window sill and I sat up when I heard what he had said.

'I don't think this is going to end well,' I thought to myself.

Kaye, as I now knew her was picking up a tray of drinks from the bar and Roger pointed her out to the man.

"That's Lettie," he told the man,"she works for me, but you can ask her if she will whore for you if you like."

"As long as we can watch," laughed the dwarf.

I saw several of the crowd lick their lips and smile licentiously at the dwarf's words.

"Pixie," the man said to Kaye, holding up a bright silver coin, "will you go with my friends for this silver coin?"

The look on her face was all the answer he needed. She snatched the coin from the man's hand and gave it to her brother for safe keeping.

"Clear a table!" the man shouted, "and let the fun commence!"

A table in the middle of the room was hastily swept of all jugs, tankards and bottles. The orcs stripped off their tunics, breeches and boots, revealing their large green wart-covered bodies, big knobbly feet and impressive veiny cocks dangling over large wrinkly balls.

"Orgun, if you would," said the man.

One of the orcs got onto the table and lay on his back.

"Come, pixie," said the man, "Orgun's organ needs to be made stiff."

Kaye stood at the side of the table and put her fine fingers with their immaculate pointed nails around the orc's cock shaft. She began to rub her hand up and down the flaccid member, causing it to stiffen and rise.

"Oh, he's a big boy," said one of the onlookers as Orgun's cock became fully erect, "her fingers don't go all the way around it now."

I could see from my vantage point on the bar that he was right.

"I think you may be needing this," the man said to Kaye as he handed her a small jar with blue contents.

'I recognise that bottle!' I though to myself, 'that's one of the ones Werlock gave me when we left to look for Ashka.'

Kaye pulled her boots off, slipped her dress up over her head and let it drop to the floor. She allowed the man to shake a dollop of the blue jelly from the bottle onto her fingers and applied it to her vagina.

We all watched with baited breath as she climbed onto the table, straddled the orc and gingerly lowered herself onto his big, thick, stiff, knobbly, precum dripping green cock.

"Oh fuck he's big," she moaned as she took his length up her.

"Thank the gods for Werlock's jelly!" laughed the dwarf.

I could see that several of the crowd had their cocks out and were wanking as they watched.

Kaye began to roll her hips as the orc started to thrust upwards, a huge smile on his face.

"And now you, Ogrun," the man said, waving the second orc forward.

My eyes widened and the fur on the back of my neck stood up as I watched the man smear some of the jelly on Kaye's exposed ass hole.

"Oh no, you must be kidding me!" She cried as she realised what was about to happen.

"Hush my dear," said the man, "this jelly is very effective, it won't hurt. It might sting a bit, but it won't hurt."

The crowd went silent as the second orc climbed onto the table, pushed Kaye forward until she was resting on Orgun, spread his legs so he could get down to her level and put the bulbous tip of his equally big, stiff, green, knobbly, precum dripping cock to her puckered ring and pushed.

"OH FUCK!" Shouted Kaye as she felt the big head of the orc's big green cock stretch her ass hole to allow it to enter her.

"Mmmm," murmured the orc, "pixie ass nice and tight."

"I wish I was doing that," said a fisherman as he watched Kaye being double penetrated by the orcs.

Kaye had stopped moving and a look of slight worry had appeared on her face. She did not appear to be in pain, but I could see that they were stretching her.

Ogrun started to fuck Kaye in the ass with short, slow thrusts while Orgun lay still, letting his companion do all the work.

"Orgun feel Ogrun's cock in pixie," the orc under Kaye told the orc on top of her, "feel it going in and out of pixie, feel gooood."

Kaye kept silent, sweat dripping from her brow as she was ruined by the two massive cocks lodged in her body.

"Ogrun cumming!" The orc doing the buggering cried.

"Orgun too!" The orc embedded in Kaye's cunt exclaimed.

"UUUUHHHH!" Kaye moaned loudly as she began to be filled by orc cum.

"OH! This nice!" Cried Ogrun as he emptied his big green balls in Kaye's back passage.

"Uh!" Cried Orgun as he pumped a full load of thick slimy orc cum into Kaye's cunt.

I looked around the tavern to see that everyone in the crowd was masturbating vigorously. Within seconds of the orcs finishing, the onlookers were covering table tops, stool seats and the floor with their spunk as they shot their loads everywhere.

Having finished cumming, Ogrun fell forward onto Kaye, squashing her petite body under his massive bulk. She let out a muffled shriek as she felt the air being forced form her lungs.

'He's going to suffocate her!' I said to myself, 'the huge beast is going to kill her!'

I leapt down from the bar and ran across to the table. I jumped up behind Ogrun and buried my claws in this big green wrinkly bollocks.

The orc let out an unholy shriek and straightened up, relieving the pressure on poor kaye's body. I heard her take in a huge breath as her lungs re-inflated.

"ARRGH!" He shouted as my claws drew blood, green blood.

The orc stood up, reached behind him and batted me away with his big green hand. I was thrown across the room, but being a cat, landed on my feet.

The crowd had recovered from their wanking and laughed as they watched the orc chase me from the tavern and out into the night.

I didn't go back to the tavern for several hours in case the orc was still there, but when I did everything was quiet. I slipped in through the back door, up the stairs and into Kaye's room. I looked to see that she was safe in bed and then curled up in the corner. I slept well that night.