 I met up with Largo and the crew at the jetty.

"I have asked around about the wizard's cat," he told me, "no one knows anything about it."

I was in a quandry, should I stay in the hope that she was brought to the troll's island or should I look elsewhere?

"We leave as soon as we are loaded," he told me, "are you coming with us?"

I decided to leave.

"Oh, you are so gonna be fucked when we get back to that town," Rustic said as we watched the troll's island disappear into the distance, "that wizard is gonna turn you into something horrible."

"Thanks for that," I replied, "got anything else to say to cheer me up?"

Soon the troll's island was a speck on the horizon. I wondered whether I would indeed ever see Kat again.

"There is a boat!" Shouted Desdemona, "look, over there!"

We all rushed to the side and looked out. A small sailing boat was drifting helplessly on the water.

"Bring us alongside it Ikabod," Largo told his imp, "there maybe someone on board."

As we drew next to the little vessel we looked down and could see two bodies lying in it.

"The gods!" Exclaimed Evelyn, "it's Matilda and Erin!"

Largo jumped over the side of our boat and into the smaller craft. He took hold of Erin and lifted her into a sitting position.

"Is she alive?" Asked Ashka.

"Yes," replied Largo, "she seems to be suffering from the effects of the sun."

"What about the big one?" Asked Ikabod, who had left the wheel to come and see what was going on.

"She is coming round," Largo shouted up to him.

"Oh goody," Ikabod murmured, licking his lips.

'Dirty little sod,' I thought as I noticed a bulge appear in his breeches.

Largo assisted Erin and Matilda in getting from their boat into ours and then he let theirs drift away.

"What happened?" Asked Evelyn as the two females sat on the deck sipping water and eating some fruit that they had been given.

"A storm," replied Matilda, "our mast broke and our tiller too. We have been drifting for a day or more."

"We saved your lives," said Ikabod, "I hope you are grateful."

"You must go to the cabins and rest," Largo told them.

Evelyn led them to the companionway and they went below deck.

"I am so gonna fuck that busty bitch," leered Ikabod, "I can't wait to get my mouth around those tits."

"Behave yourself," I told him, "and at least give her a chance to recover."

A couple of hours later Erin came up on deck. She had put on one of Ashka's dresses and brushed her hair, she looked very fetching.

"Matilda says you can go and see her," she said to Ikabod, "she is in Percy's cabin."

The imp scurried below deck, a huge grin on his face.

"Which cabin were you in?" I asked her.

"The one the dwarfs use, it is a bit of a mess."

"Lived in, you mean."

"Pig sty, I mean."

"It can't be that bad, surely."

"Come and see for yourself."

We went below. Erin opened the door to the cabin that had been used by Finn until he had left our little crew.

"This is Evelyn's cabin," I said.

"No, she told me she was in that one," Erin replied, pointing to Largo's cabin.

'Oh wow!' I thought to myself, 'she's in with Largo and Ashka.'

Erin was right about the state of the cabin, it looked as if a bomb had gone off in it. Items of clothing, bits of food, empty bottles and stained sheets adorned the small space that the two dwarfs had occupied for the last few days.

"I threw the sheets on the floor," she told me, "and slept on the bare sacking."

"What were we about to do when Largo entered that shack?" I asked as I put my hands on her waist and looked into her eyes.

"I was going to fuck you," she replied.

"Do you still want to?"

"Yes."

I put my lips to hers and we kissed. She put her arms around my neck, I put my arms around her back and pulled her close. She gave a little mew of pleasure as I pushed my tongue inside her mouth and wriggled it around.

The dress she had borrowed from Ashka buttoned up at the back and as I kissed her I began to unbutton it. She put her hand in my hair and ruffled it as we kissed.

I broke the embrace, stood back and pulled on her dress. She let it fall forward off of her shoulders and pulled her sleeves down. I felt my balls go fuzzy as I gazed at her small pert breasts with their stiff mauve nipples.

Erin let the dress fall all the way down and stood in just a pair of silver coloured satin panties and soft grey slippers.

"You elf girls are so lovely to look at," I told her.

"Not so bad yourself," she replied as she began to unbutton my shirt.

Within a few seconds I was naked.

"Get on the bunk," she told me.

I lay down on the bunk, on my back. My erection stood out from my body like a pink flagpole, a dew drop of pre cum leaking out and running down from my foreskin. Erin slipped her panties off and climbed onto the bunk, straddling my head. She lowered herself onto my face, pulling her labia apart as she did so. I poked my tongue into the warm wet flesh of her vagina and wiggled it about.

"Oooh, that tickles," she giggled, "but I like it."

I put my hands on her ass cheeks and gave them a squeeze as I licked her. I found her clitoris with the tip of my tongue and flicked it rapidly which caused her to let out a long moan of pleasure.

"Do not stop doing that," she said sternly.

I kept at her clit with my tongue and she grabbed my hair and ground down on my face, smothering me with her sopping wet cunt.

"Coming! Coming! CUMMMMMIIINNGGG!" She cried out as she climaxed, flooding my face with her juice.

I stopped using my tongue on her and twisted my head to one side, hoping to be able to breath rather than drown.

"The gods, that was good," she said as she recovered her wits and lifted herself off my head.

"Glad you liked it," I panted, "I nearly fainted from lack of oxygen."

"Lack of what?"

"Oxygen. Never mind."

She turned around and got on her hands and knees, presenting herself to me. I got up onto my knees, positioned myself behind her, held my cock to her slippery hole and shoved it in.

"Oh yes!" She cried as I filled her.

"Mmmmm," I responded as I began to thrust, "I'm gonna fill you with cum."

My cock fitted snugly inside her and I smiled as I fucked the beautiful young elf-woman. I held her by her waist and my thighs slapped against her ass as I rammed my meat in her as far as it could go.

"Oh fuck yes, oh fuck yes, oh fuck, fuck , fuck, fuck," She moaned as I banged her.

"I'm gonna come," I told her, "I'm gonna fill you with my seed."

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," She kept repeating.

"OH FUUUUCK!" I shouted as I shot my load, doing as I had promised and filling her to the brim with my hot sticky spunk.

"YESSSSSSS!" She cried as she came, her vagina contracting around my cock, milking the spunk from it.

"Fuck, that was good," I said as I pulled my softening cock from her.

"It was, it really was," she said as she fell face forward onto the rough sacking that formed the bunk's mattress.

I sat on the bunk and rested after my exertions, while Erin lay still, recovering from her two very intense orgasms. I looked at her beautiful butt and could not help myself from giving it a playful little slap.

"I wonder what is happening in your cabin," she said after a minute had passed.

"Pretty much what has just happened in this one, I expect," I replied.

"Can we sleep in your cabin?" She asked, "this place is disgusting."

'She wants us to sleep together,' I thought to myself, 'I think I might be in a relationship.'

As relationships go, the one I had stumbled into with Erin was very enjoyable. We spent the next couple of days either fucking in my cabin or sitting on the deck together caressing each other and kissing.

"Enjoy him while you can," Rustic told Erin as our destination came into sight, "because once that wizard finds out that he has lost his cat, he won't be any use to you."

Largo and Ikabod tied our boat to the jetty and we went ashore.

"We shall unload our cargo, replenish our stocks of food and water and continue our journey westwards," Largo told me, "if any of you want to come with us, you will be made welcome in my land."

"You had better go with him Percy," Rustic told me, "before that wizard turns up."

"Do you mean me?" Came a voice from behind me.

"Oh fuck!" Exclaimed Rustic,"he's here."

"I see you have returned," Werlock said to me, "where is my cat?"

"I don't know," I replied, "perhaps I can explain."

I agreed to accompany Werlock to his house and tell him what had happened.

"Do not tarry too long," Largo said to me as I walked away with the wizard, "we leave as soon as we are loaded."

Back at the wizard's house I told him all about our voyage and my capture and the trolls and losing Kat.

"Never mind," he said, "you can take her place."

With that, he pointed his wand at me and muttered something in a strange tongue. There was a loud noise and a flash of light and I felt dizzy. When I recovered from my nausea I felt different. I looked down, the floor was much closer than before and I was looking at two furry paws rather than feet.

"Come on," said the wizard as he leaned down and picked me up, "I have work for you."

As I was lifted I looked over my shoulder and saw a jet black furry body and a long tail swishing around just above where my ass hole was.

'The fucking bastard!' I thought to myself, 'he's turned me into a cat!'

I tried to shout for help but all that came out of my mouth was a loud miaow.

Werlock strode through the village with me tucked under his arm. We came to the tavern and went inside. A large man, probably in his forties, was stood behind the bar cleaning a tankard.

"Hello Werlock," he said, "new cat?"

"Yes," replied the wizard, "the old one ran away."

"Right," said the man, "send it down."

Werlock put me on the floor and the man opened a trap door situated behind the bar. I looked down into the gloom and felt a boot make contact with my behind and push me down the steps into the cellar.

"Let's see if he can get rid of those rats," said the man as I reached the bottom of the steps.

'Rats!?' I though to myself, 'I'm scared of rats!'

I carefully picked my way around the assorted barrels and racks of bottles that were stored in the cellar, but thankfully could find no rats. I ran around a bit and made some noise that I thought simulated catching rats, then I went back up the steps to the bar.

"Sounds like he did a good job," said the man, "even though I can't see any blood around his mouth."

"Likes to clean himself up after a job," replied Werlock, "clean cat, is this one."

"Do you want to sell him?"

"Go on then, six silver. He's a good ratter as he has just shown."

"I'll give you four."

"Five."

"Deal."

"This is Roger," Werlock said to me, "he is your new master."

"Like fuck he is!" I shouted, but it came out as "Miaowwww!"

"When is lettie coming back?" Werlock asked Roger.

"Dunno, soon hopefully," Roger replied, "this place gets too busy for just me and Lennie to run."

"I look forward to her return," said Werlock as he walked out of the tavern.

I spent the next couple of days locked in the cellar. Roger thought it would get me used to my new home. Once he was confident that I would not run away he let me roam around the tavern and customers would pat me on my head and toss me scraps of food. I began to like my new form and especially enjoyed lying on the window sill, sunning myself.

A week or so later Lettie walked into the tavern. She looked around as if it was somewhere she had not been before or as if something had changed.

"Hello sis," said Lennie, going up to her and kissing her on her mouth.

"Er, hi," she replied, backing away from him and looking embarrassed.

"Something's not all that it seems," I said aloud, but it came out as "Miaow!"

"She's back then," said Roger as he walked up behind her and slapped her on the ass.

"Oy!" Cried Lettie, "who said you could do that?"

"Oh Lettie," said Roger, "don't get all high and mighty just 'cos you went to visit cousin Lottie and her posh friends."

"Look Lettie," said Lennie, "we have a cat. Roger bought him from Werlock."

Lettie came over and stroked me. I purred contentedly as I felt her soft young hand caress my fur.

"Come here you little beauty," said Roger as he put his arm around her waist and lifted her into the air, "I've missed you, especially your sweet little cunt."

"What? No! Don't!" Cried Lettie as Roger carried her towards the door at the back of the tavern.

"She does love playing hard to get," laughed Lennie as his boss carried his sister kicking and wriggling up the stairs towards the bedrooms.

I jumped off the window sill and followed them.

"A silver coin as usual," said Roger as he dropped Lettie onto his big soft bed, "a silver coin to fill that pretty little cunt with cock."

"Oh, o.k. then," said Lettie, her tone softening at the mention of payment.

I had slipped into the room and snuck into the corner where I could watch without being noticed.

Roger undressed himself in a hurry, he had obviously been waiting for her to come back for a while and was keen to satisfy his craving for her. Once naked, he stood in front of her, hands on hips, his large erect penis standing out on front of him proudly.

"He's missed you," Roger said to Lettie, "get your panties off, he wants to get inside you."

Lettie lay on her back on the bed, raised her legs, lifted her dress, took hold of her skimpy pale blue panties and pulled them down to her ankles. Roger grabbed them and pulled them over her pale blue ankle boots and cast them aside.

"I'm not ready for you," she told him.

Roger smiled a broad smile, fell to his knees, shuffled to the bed, grabbed hold of Lettie by her ankles and span her round so her legs were hanging off the side of the big soft bed.

"Oh goodness!" She cried as Roger put his face between her outspread legs and buried it in her soft pale blue bush.

I could feel my little furry balls tingling with excitement as I watched the big man munch down on the pixie girl.

'I wish that was me eating her cunt,' I thought to myself, 'and not stuck here watching while he has all the fun.'

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh, oh," moaned Lettie as Roger ran his tongue up and down her slit, slobbering over her, making her wet.

"You're ready for me now," he said as he took his mouth away from her snatch and span her round so she was lying along the bed.

I watched excitedly as Roger climbed onto the bed, pushed Lettie's legs apart and covered her.

"Oh that's my girl," he said as he put his length up her, "nice and wet, nice and tight."

"Mmmmm," she said in response, "lovely."

If I had hands rather than paws I would have been wanking frantically as I watched Roger fuck Lettie. He rammed his cock in and out of her rapidly and she writhed under him, obviously enjoying what was being done to her.

"Oh, how I have missed you," he told her as he fucked her.

"Yes! Oh yes! Fuck me!" She cried as she took all he had, all the way in.

"UH!" Cried Roger as he shot his pent up load into the pixie.

"FUUUUUCK!" Cried Lettie as she climaxed under him.

I watched Roger grimace and then smile as he emptied his balls into Lettie's cunt. From the length of time he was stationary over her I could tell that those balls had been very full and now they were fast becoming very empty. Similarly, from the look on Lettie's face she was coming pretty intensely too.

"Have a little rest," Roger told her after he climbed off her and began to get dressed, "it won't be busy downstairs for a while."

"Thanks," she replied.

Once Roger had gone I jumped up onto the bed and brushed myself against Lettie as cats do.

"Hello puss," she said as she stroked my fur, "I don't suppose you can show me to the bathroom."