 Kaye awoke and looked around. She was in some sort of cavern. The ceiling was high with stalagtites hanging down, dripping water into a pool in the centre of the cave. Kaye was lying on a large soft cushion and noticed that she was naked.

"Welcome to my home," said Devo as he walked towards her carrying a cup, "here is something for you to drink."

Kaye reached up and took the cup from the demon. She was a little frightened of him, but the cave was hot and she was thirsty so she sipped the cool liquid.

"Your coin is on the floor next to you," Devo told her,pointing to her left.

Kaye looked down to see a small pile of gold coins, she felt a tingle of excitement at the sight of the gold.

"Where are my clothes?" Kaye asked.

"You have no need for clothes in here," Devo answered, "it is warm, don't you think?"

"Am I your prisoner?" She asked.

"No, you are my guest."

Kaye looked at the demon and remembered the orgasm he had given her with his long forked tongue. She smiled and opened her legs.

"As I am your guest," she told him, "perhaps you might be hospitable enough to use your tongue on me."

Devo chuckled as he knelt in front of her and leaned forward. Kaye let out a long low groan of desire as she felt his tongue make contact with her outer lips and then she sucked in her breath as she felt it push it's way inside her.

"Oh that feels good," she said softly as the demon pushed his tongue deep inside her.

Kaye relaxed and let him go to work on her. She could feel the tips of Devo's tongue caressing her love tunnel as he began to pull it out and push it back in again.

"Mmmm, lovely," she said softly as the creature brought her ever so gently to a climax.

Devo used his tongue expertly and after a while Kaye felt her vagina begin to pulse. The contractions were gentle and far apart to start with but became stronger and more frequent.

"Oh the gods!" She cried, "this is wonderful!"

Kaye's body began to convulse as the contractions got stronger and stronger, she thrashed her head from side to side and grabbed at the cushion, squeezing the material with her finger tips.

"Oh stop!" She cried, "please stop! I cannot take any more!"

But the demon kept on with his tongue and the contractions kept coming. Kaye's back arched, her eyes rolled up, she let out a deep breath and lost consciousness. 

"I think you liked that," Devo said to the limp Kaye as he withdrew his tongue and looked at her, "now I think I might sample that cute little ass."

Devo took hold of Kaye by her waist and flipped her over. He pulled her up onto her knees, smeared some lube on her ring-piece and placed the tip of his long thin penis to it.

"If there is one thing I like more than pixie pussy," he said as he pushed the tip inside Kaye, "it's pixie ass."

As Kaye regained consciousness she could feel the demon gently pushing his length up her back passage. She knew that he had been considerate enough to use some of the blue jelly because far form being painful, the feeling of having the long thin object put up her was fairly pleasant.

'After the orgasm he just gave me,' she thought to herself, 'he deserves a bit of my ass.'

Once he was fuly embedded in her, Devo began to use her just as he had before, pushing her off and pulling her down onto his cock, building up speed as he became more and more aroused by the feeling of her warm rectum squeezed around him.

"Oh pixie!" He cried, "your ass is so sweet! I am going to fill you with my seed!"

"Do it!" Cried Kaye in reply, "fill me!"

Devo rammed Kaye up and down on his cock for a few more seconds and then stopped, holding her tightly to him.

"Here it comes!" He cried.

Kaye felt his cock throb and then she felt his hot spunk begin to fill her colon.

'God, there's a lot!' She thought to herself, 'this must be what it feels like to have an enema!'

Devo held Kaye to him for many seconds, his cock throbbing away, squirting jet after jet of his seed into her. Finally, when he had emptied himself inside her, Devo released his grip and Kaye fell forward onto the cushion.

"The gods!" Cried Devo, "that was the best I've had in a hundred years!"

Devo stood up, picked Kaye up in his arms and carried her to the pool.

"Enjoy," he said as he threw Kaye into the air.

"Whoa!" Cried Kaye as she fell with a splash into the pool.

"Oh, this is nice," she called across to Devo as she surfaced, "it's quite warm, isn't it?"

"Glad you like it," replied the demon.

Kaye washed herself in the warm water. She washed her arms, her legs, her face and hair. Before she got out, she pulled her ass cheeks apart and pushed as much of the demon's spunk out of her as she could manage.

"Got anything to eat?" She asked as she climbed out of the pool.

"Of course," replied Devo as he handed her a soft cloth with which to dry herself.

  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Sir Cedric Cedar strode into the tavern, followed by his squire.

"Is Percy in attendance?" He called out as he reached the bar, "I am a little late, but he did say he would lead me to the demon."

"Nope," answered Ellie, "no one here but us and Marlock."

Cedric looked over at the old wizard who was sat in a corner nursing a jug of ale.

"Could you help me locate the demon?" Cedric asked the wizard.

"I suppose I could," Marlock replied, "but I don't think I want to. Once found, he may prove to be a little more than bargained for."

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "you may be giving the creature more credit than he deserves."

"Just follow the trail of destruction and you'll find him soon enough."

Cedric bade the elf twins and Marlock farewell and strode out, Jed following close behind.

"He's confident, I'll give him that," said Ellie as she crossed the room to pour Marlock some more ale.

"Foolhardy more like," said the old wizard as he put his arm out and pulled the young elf-woman onto his lap.

"I thought this was Lizzie's seat?" Ellie asked as she sat on Marlock and felt his stiff cock pressing up against her ass through the material of his cloak and her dress.

"After watching you service that foolish knight with your mouth the other day, I wondered what else you might do," answered Marlock.

"Sorry Marlock," said Ellie, "you are just too old for me."

"At least join me for a drink," entreated the wizard, "you will do that, won't you?"

"Very well," agreed Ellie, "just one mind you."

Emma brought a mug of nettle wine over and handed it to her sister.

"You had better get off of my lap," said Marlock, "go and sit opposite me."

Ellie put her mug down, got up and walked around the table. Whilst she did this, Marlock tipped a very small quantity of red liquid into her drink.

"You have very pretty eyes," Marlock told her as he stared into them, "I like mauve eyes on an elf."

"It's not uncommon for an elf to have eyes this colour," she replied as she sipped her wine.

"You have very pretty lips," Marlock told her as he looked at her face, "I like mauve lips on an elf."

"They match my eyes," she replied, smiling at the old wizard.

"Your long blonde hair is very fine," said Marlock.

"Your straggly long grey hair is quite nice too," replied Ellie, putting her hand out and stroking Marlock's hair.

Marlock caught hold of Ellie's hand, turned his head slightly and kissed it. Ellie did not recoil, she smiled a broad smile and stroked his cheek.

"Maybe you're not too old after all," she said as she stood up from the table and held her hand out to him.

The old wizard stood, took her hand and let her lead him out of the bar. Emma looked on, tutting to herself at her sister's lack of standards.

"This is my room," Ellie said as she led Marlock into a clean, airy room upstairs.

"Very nice," said Marlock, licking his lips as he looked at the large bed in the middle of the room.

"Let's get this off," said Ellie as she took hold of Marlock's cloak and pulled it open.

Marlock was naked under his cloak and Ellie felt butterflies in her tummy when she saw the wizard's stiff pale penis poking towards her as she pulled it off over his shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

"Turn around," Marlock told her.

Ellie turned her back to him and Marlock unbuttoned her dress. She felt a tingle run up her spine as she felt him kiss her between her exposed shoulder blades.

"Mmm," she murmured as she felt his hands run up and down her sides as her dress fell to the floor.

Marlock fell to his knees, took hold of her panties and pulled them down her long slender legs. He planted little kisses on her ass cheeks and ran his hands over her legs. Ellie moved her foot so she was standing with her legs apart, inviting him to put his finger in her, which he did.

"Is that nice?" He asked as he slid his finger in and out of her, "you are very wet, you know."

"Mmmm, yes it is nice," she replied in a soft voice.

Malock took his finger from her and put it in his mouth. He sucked it dry of her juice and smiled.

"I want you to put your cock in there now," she said as she went towards her bed.

Marlock got off of his knees and followed her. Ellie climbed onto the bed and lay on her back, legs apart. Marlock climbed between her legs and lowered himself onto her. They both sighed as they coupled, her enjoying the feeling of his bony old cock filling her and he enjoying the feeling of the warm wet vagina of a twenty-year-old wrapped around his ancient meat.

Marlock fucked Ellie enthusiastically, and for a very old man he did a pretty good job, for soon she was crying out as she aproached her climax.

"Oh the gods yes!" She cried, "oh fuck yes! Yes! Yes!"

"UH, UH, UH, UH!" Marlock grunted loudly as he put all he had into giving both the elf-woman and himself complete satisfaction.

"MARLOCKKKKKK!" Screamed Ellie as she came, her contractions rapid and strong.

"OH!" Cried Marlock as he came, his ejaculation forceful and plentiful.

"The gods, you two!" Emma called out from downstairs, "keep it quiet, can't you?!"

They calmed down eventually and Marlock rolled off of Ellie to lie next to her on the bed, panting after his exertions.

"You're pretty good for an old 'un," Ellie told him, "I'm impressed."

"You are superb," he replied, and then he passed out.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The trail of destruction left as the demon had passed on his way was subtle but noticeable. Cedric and Jed came across fields of failed crops, Chickens who had stopped laying and villages riven with sickness.

"The sooner we catch up with the foul creature, the better," he boomed as he rode along the roadway in a southerly direction.

"Yes master," replied Jed in an uncertain tone.

Cedric pointed to a cart that was heading towards them, "perhaps this carter may be able to help," he said to his squire.

The cart stopped when it drew next to them and Cedric looked at the driver who had a sullen expression on her face.

"You look doleful," he said to her, "is business not brisk?"

"I have no cargo," she replied, "the crops have failed and wool will not grow on the sheep."

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "that will be due to the demon! Fear not madam, for I am on my way to kill the beast and restore order to our magical world!"

"I and many others would be very grateful if you were to do so," the carter told him.

"How grateful?" Asked Jed, looking the mature beauty up and down.

"Forgive my squire," laughed Cedric, "whenever he sees a beautiful woman such as you, he tends to be a little forward."

"You flatter me sir," replied the carter, "no-one has called me beautiful before."

"Oh, I'm sure they have," said Jed as he jumped up onto the seat next to the carter, "what is your name?"

"Gretchen," she replied, "what is yours?"

"Jed, and this is my master, sir Cedric Cedar."

"I am honoured to meet you sir," Gretchen called across to Cedric.

"Likewise madam," he replied, "likewise."

"Master," Jed called to Cedric, "it grows late,why don't we all repair to that tavern we passed back down the road and have supper?"

"I'm not so sure Jed," answered Cedric, "we have a job to do. Gretchen here may lose her business if the demon is not vanquished."

"It's not far," pleaded Jed, "and it is beginning to get dark."

"Oh, very well," said Cedric, "but we must not tarry long."

Cedric picked up the reins of Jed's horse and led it along behind the cart and Jed sat next to Gretchen as she drove along.

"He's going to get us both killed," Jed said quietly to Gretchen, "he will never get the better of a demon."

"That's a shame," said Gretchen as she put her hand on Jed's knee, "a young man like you must have so much to live for."

Jed's balls began to tingle as Gretchen rubbed her hand up and down his thigh whilst looking at the road ahead.

"Food and ale!" Boomed cedric as she strode into the tavern, "this lady, my squire and I have travelled far and are in need of sustenance!"

Both commodities were served and they were paid for by Cedric. The three of them sat at a small round table and ate and drank heartily.

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "you quaff your ale well, madam! You have a good appetite for food! Does your appetite extend to that of service by a male?"

"That it does sir!" Boomed Gretchen in reply, laughing, "would you lend me your squire, that I may satisfy my lust?"

"Well," said Cedric, a little deflated at being passed over for Jed, "if your taste in men is for the less well-bred, then you may have him."

"Ha!" Laughed Gretchen, "only joking, I intend to sample you both. Get a room for us sir Cedric."

Cedric paid for a room for the night and the three of them were shown upstairs by the landlady. As soon as the door closed behind them, they all stripped off their clothing.

"By the gods!" Boomed Cedric, "you are a fine figure of a woman, Gretchen. You remind me very much of a lady we visited recently."

"You are a handsome man, sir," Gretchen replied, "and your squire is very attractive."

Cedric climbed onto the bed and lay on his back, his stiff cock sticking up into the air. Gretchen straddled him, took hold of his cock, held it to her slit and lowered herself onto it.

"That feels lovely!" Boomed Cedric, "your cunt is so hot and so wet mistress!"

"Oh that's nice," moaned Gretchen as she felt Cedric's meat fill her.

Jed climbed onto the bed behind her and pushed her forwards. He rubbed some lube on her ring-piece, crouched to line up his cock at her back hole, held it in position and plunged it in.

"Oh the gods!" Exclaimed Gretchen, "you could at least give a girl some warning!"

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "young Jed is rather impulsive when presented with a woman's rear end!"

"Oh, your ass feels wonderful," said Jed as he began to slowly bugger Gretchen, "what a wonderful tight ass you have."

"You'll soon loosen it, won't you?" Laughed Cedric as he thrust upwards.

"Come on then you bastards!" Cried Gretchen, "give me all you've got!"

And they did. Jed's slow buggering turned to fast buggering and Cedric's upward thrusting became frenzied. Gretchen moaned and groaned as she received two good-sized portions of cock, both pushing into her and pulling out of her at a pace.

"Oh the gods!" She cried, "Oh yes! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Mmmph!" Cedric grunted loudly as he worked up a sweat, his cock going in and out like a piston.

"Cominnnggg!" Cried Jed as he felt his seed rising in his tubes.

"Ooooooooh!!" Cried Gretchen as she climaxed, experiencing a series of fast strong contractions.

"UH!" Shouted Cedric when he started to pump a huge load into the woman on top of him.

"Aaaaaah," sighed Jed as he shot his load into Gretchen's colon.

Once he had emptied his balls up Gretchen's back passage, Jed pulled out and stepped off the bed. Gretchen rolled off of Cedric and lay next to him, her face flushed, beads of sweat on her brow.

"The gods, that was good!" Panted Cedric, breathless after his exertions.

"Come and lie down beside me," Gretchen told Jed, holding out her hand.

So the three of them lay together on the big soft bed and drifted off to sleep.