 Estella called for her small cart to be made ready.

"It looks like it's just you and me going to the tournament," she told Joe as Cook loaded a hamper onto the luggage platform at the back of the cart, "Toby has not returned from Fishton and there is still no sight of Percy."

Estella had decided to keep my condition a secret from her household, to them I was just a stray cat who they had taken in.

Joe took the reins with his aunt sitting next to him and they moved off. I jumped up onto the hamper and settled down, unnoticed, behind them.

Although Colinston was some distance from the wild wood we arrived there in a short time. I found it difficult to come to terms with the whole time-stroke-distance thing in the magical kingdom.

"It's quite lively," Joe said to his aunt as we arrived at the festival, "It's a shame Toby isn't here with us."

"Stop here," said Estella, "this is a nice spot. We can sit and watch the action whilst enjoying our picnic."

I jumped down and hid under the cart before I was noticed. I watched Joe unharness the horse, tether it to a nearby tree and unload the hamper. In a short time Estella and Joe were sitting on the grass and in front of them there was a very nice picnic laid out on a blanket. The spread was gazed upon enviously by anyone who passed by. Just the sight of it made me feel hungry.

'That Cook knows his business,' I thought to myself as I licked my lips.

A herald stood up and announced the start of the tournament. A couple of men dressed in armour strode out onto the field and began to hit at each other with large swords. The sound of metal on metal was quite unnerving, but they used the flat of their blades so as not to do too much damage to each other.

"Good day my lady," said a voice I recognised, "is this fine young fellow your champion?"

I looked away from the fight to see Cedric standing over the seated Estella and Joe. Jed was standing behind him, looking at the food and salivating freely.

"No sir," replied Estella, looking up at the knight, "he is my nephew. I have no champion today."

"Would you do me the honour of allowing me to be your champion?" Cedric asked her, "I promise to give a good account of myself on your behalf."

"And what might you ask for as a reward?" Estella asked.

"A few morsels from your plate," replied Cedric, "my squire and I have travelled far and are in need of sustenance."

"Very well," said Estella as she handed Cedric a piece of cloth, "here is my token. Fight bravely and I shall feed you and your squire when you return."

"Very well my lady!" Cedric said in his booming voice, "come Jed, let us prepare for battle!"

"He seems very confident," said Joe as Cedric strode away, "I hope he fights a fight as well as he talks one."

"Here are five gold pieces," Estella said to her nephew as she handed him the coins, "go and put a wager on him to win his contest. I have a good feeling about him."

From the tone of her voice, I could tell that she had taken a fancy to the well-built, handsome Sir Cedric Cedar.

I followed Joe to where some dwarfs were taking bets on the various contests. He placed his bet and turned to go when Esme Fugg came up to him.

"Hello Joe," she said, smiling at him, "are you fighting today?"

"I have no one who wishes me to be her champion," he replied.

"You could be mine," the beautiful young blonde said, pouting at him and twisting her small pointed slipper in the dust, "Horace is too busy playing cards with the imps to fight on my behalf. I would be so grateful to you if you won for me."

Joe smiled a wide smile, obviously remembering the time he and Toby had spent with Esme in the cottage in the woods.

"It would be an honour to be your champion, lady Esme," said Joe, "you will not be disappointed."

Joe went off to prepare for battle and Esme went to find somewhere to sit and watch.

"Oooh, that must hurt!" I heard a voice cry as the sound of metal on metal was followed by the crash of a falling knight.

I looked over to see a couple of serfs run onto the field, put the loser of the latest contest onto a stretcher and carry him off. The winner removed his helmet and revealed himself as Sir Cedric.

"Ha!" He cried aloud, "I have vanquished my foe, are there any other takers?"

No-one stood up to challenge him.

"Kit!" I heard a voice call as I walked past a doorway which led into the castle.

I turned to see one of the witches I had encountered when I had been an imp. She was looking at me and beckoning me to her.

'She thinks I am her cat,' I thought to myself, 'surely she can tell the difference.'

I went over to her. She picked me up and carried me into a large well-lit room with a large table in the middle, on which was the prostate body of the fallen knight.

"What am I supposed to do now?" She asked me, "which potion do I use?"

She pointed to some shelves at the side of the room which were covered in an array of small bottles, all containing powders and crystals of differing colours.

"How the fuck do I know?" I said aloud, "And even if I did, you can't understand me," and, as always, it came out as, "Miaow!"

"Bollocks!" Exclaimed the witch, "and I don't have any of the magic dust left."

I watched as she looked at the comatose knight and patted his cheek.

"Hello," she said to him, "can you hear me? Someone will be here to attend to you in a minute."

The knight groaned.

"I'm no good as a witch," she said to me, "I'm sorry Kit, but the deal is off, I'm going back to my world."

"What!?" I shouted, "who are you then!?" But, as always....

Just then the two other witches I had been used by entered the room.

"Look Rag," said the one I remembered as Magda, "Margot is here."

The one called Margot produced some of the powder and threw it into the air. Just as the witches bathed themselves in the cloud it created I ran in between them. Flash! Bang! We were all changed.

"What!?" Cried Margot as I emerged as Percy, standing in the middle of them, stark naked.

"You're not Kit!" Cried Morag, the one who had mistaken me for her own cat, "you're..."

She bit her tongue and looked sheepish, the woman in the witch's body was trying to hide her true identity.

"Do you know this young man?" Magda asked her.

"I don't know," Morag replied, "he looks familiar."

"I wouldn't mind getting to know him," said Margot as she reached down and cupped my furry balls in her now beautiful young hand.

"Get that dress off and let me get to know you then," I said, emboldened by the feeling of having my balls massaged by what can only be described as a hot twenty-something with full red pouting lips and a large bust.

I remembered watching Kit giving her a good fucking and had envied him at the time, now I had a chance to put my cock in her and I was not going to let it pass.

"Come with me," Margot told me as she let go of my balls, took my hand and led me towards a door which led further into the castle.

"Leave some for me," said Magda as she looked me up and down.

"You attend to the injured knight," Margot told her as we left the room, "we will be back later."

I was led into a room further down the corridor. As soon as we were inside she had her mouth clamped to mine and her tongue was wriggling around in my mouth. I remembered how long and forked a witch's tongue was, and the feeling of it nearly going down my throat invoked the gag reflex and I nearly puked.

"Oh sorry," she said as she withdrew her tongue, "I do get a bit carried away sometimes."

"That's o.k.," I told her as I finished coughing, "I understand."

We resumed our kissing, this time she kept her tongue under control. It felt odd having a forked tongue dancing around my tongue, but at the same time very arousing.

"I want to see your body," I told her when we finally disengaged our mouths, "take your dress off."

She stood a few feet away from me, pulled her ankle boots off and then slipped her dress down to the floor. I could feel my cock become fully erect as I gazed at her superb body clad in a black bra and panties.

"Do you like me?" She asked.

I nodded dumbly in reply.

"Do you want to touch me?" She asked as she removed her bra, revealing her full round breasts with their big pink nipples which were sticking out proudly.

I went to her and put my mouth to her left teat. She put her hands in my hair and held me to her as I began to suckle. I put my right hand inside her panties and ran my fingers through her coarse curly bush, searching for her slit.

"Mmm," she said softly, "good boy."

I found her hole and slipped my index finger in her up to the first knuckle. She was wet. I moved my mouth from her left to her right teat and put my middle finger in next to my index. She moaned as she felt me wriggle my fingers around in her.

"I want your cock in me," she said as she pulled me away from her teat and looked me in the eye.

I took my hand out of her panties, knelt in front of her, took hold of them and pulled them down over her beautiful rounded hips, down her long slender legs, over her finely turned ankles to her perfect feet. She stepped out of them and I lifted them to my face and inhaled her scent.

"By the gods, you smell divine," I told her.

The room we were in was sparsely furnished, all that it had was a table and a couple of chairs. Margot went to the table and lay back on it, opening her legs as she did so. I stood in front of her, held my erection at her hole and pushed.

"Oh yes, that is nice," she said as I slid my length inside her, "now fuck me, fuck me hard."

I started to ram my cock in and out of her as fast as I could. The table started to wobble as I hammered away at her and she wrapped her legs around me and pulled me onto her to make sure I didn't fall out of her.

"Oh the gods!" She shouted as my cock went in and out like a piston.

The fucking went on for a couple of minutes, the table becoming less and less stable, her legs becoming more tightly wrapped around me, both of us sweating and grunting with lust.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" She shouted.

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" I cried out in reply.

Then we came.

"FUUUUUCCKKK!" She shouted, unwrapping her legs and spreading them out as far as possible, her head thrown back, her mouth wide open.

"AAARRGHHH!" I shouted as I stopped moving and felt my spunk squirting out of me to fill her and her vagina squeezing my cock in a series of violent contractions.

Then the table collapsed.

"Well, it did it's job," laughed Margot as she lay on the pile of broken wood with me on top of her, still injecting the last of my cum into her still pulsing cunt.

"By the gods you are beautiful," I said to her, looking into her eyes.

Then I kissed her.

We walked back in to the infirmary a few minutes later.

"Finished with him?" Magda asked Margot.

"I don't know if I shall ever finish with this one," she said softly, looking into my eyes.

"Oh come on," said Magda, "you haven't fallen for the fucking cat, have you?"

"As fucking cats go," said Margot, still looking at me and smiling, "this one fucks pretty well."

There were a couple more patients waiting to be attended to and Margot was drafted in to revive them. Whilst they were busy I took Morag to one side.

"You're not Morag the witch, are you?" I asked in a whisper, "don't worry, I'm not really Percy, I'm somebody called Jim Dixon."

The witch grabbed my hand and led me outside.

"It's Nina," she said pointing to herself, "I'm going back to reality. Are you coming with me?"

"I think I ought to," I told her, "is there any chance you might be able to magic me up something to wear?"

"I'll have a go," she said, waving the crooked stick that she supposed was her wand.

There was a sort of popping sound and I became dressed, which was a pleasant surprise, both for me and Nina.

"Hey, it worked!" She said in a loud voice, "I'm learning!"

"Keep it down," I said in a quiet voice, "try and be a bit discreet."

We slipped away from the tournament and headed along the track in the direction of the wild wood. I told her about my adventures and she told me about becoming a witch and not being up to the task.

"Perhaps Roz Steward got it right," I said to her, "being a beautiful young elvish princess is probably the best thing to be here."

"I quite liked being the huntress," she replied, "but if I was able to do spells and mix potions, I think being a witch is preferable."

We had been walking for a while when I heard the snorting of oxen coming from behind us. I turned to see a covered wagon trundling along the track. Within a few seconds it was alongside us. I looked up to see that Gretchen was the driver.

"Hello," she said when she saw me, "fancy seeing you here."

"Hello Gretchen," I replied, "any chance of a ride?"

"Sure, hop on up."

"Thanks very much," said Nina as she climbed up onto the footboard and sat next to Gretchen, "I'm Morag."

"No! Really? Morag is an old witch! You are young and beautiful."

"Magic powder. I use magic powder to make me youthful."

"Well it fucking well works!"

"It doesn't last long enough though," I said as I climbed up and sat next to Nina.

"You aren't going to tell me that you are really an old man, are you?" Gretchen asked me, leaning forward to look past Nina and into my eyes.

"No," I replied.

I do not consider fifty-eight to be old.

"He's a cat," put in Nina.

"Oh the gods! Yes, your ears! I knew there was something different about you," Gretchen said to me.

"He's got a tail too, tucked under that tunic," said Nina, "and the cutest pair of little furry balls."

"Really? Can I see them?"

"Can we go in the back?" I asked, "You can see them if we go in the back."

"I'll drive your cart," Nina told Gretchen.

Gretchen handed Nina the reins, stood, turned and disappeared through the canvas flap of the wagon into the back. I followed.

"Who turned you into a cat?" Gretchen asked as she sat on her cargo, a large consignment of raw wool.

"A mean old wizard called Werlock," I answered as I stood in front of her, undid my breeches and pulled them down, freeing my tail.

"Can I feel them?" She asked, putting out her hand and cupping my furry balls.

"Mmmm," I moaned softly as I felt her fingers squeeze them ever so gently.

"Is it me or is your cock not as big as it was?" She asked.

"I've not had any complaints."

"Perhaps I should find out if it is as good as it once was."

"My tongue is different too."

"Really? How so?"

"Get your breeches down and I'll show you."

Gretchen gave me a lewd smile and unlaced her breeches. She pulled them off and cast them aside. Gretchen was not wearing any panties. She arranged the wool to make a soft nest on which to lay and settled down, legs apart, waiting.

I knelt between her legs and leaned forward. I inhaled her musk, which was quite strong, she needed a bath, but I didn't care, her soft hairy bush was just so inviting.

"Oh!" She exclaimed when I put my tongue to her labia and licked, "your tongue is so rough!"

"Do you like it?" I asked, raising my head to look at her.

"Yes I do!" She cried, taking hold of my hair and stuffing my head back down between her legs.

I wriggled my tongue inside her as far as I could and licked around. She writhed around under me and moaned, softly to start with but in an ever increasing volume.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" She cried as I flicked her clitoris and lapped her juice.

"Someone's having fun!" Nina called out from the driver's seat.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Cried Gretchen as she climaxed, her finger nails digging into my scalp, her cunt squirting over my chin.

"Now for the cock comparison," I said as I managed to get her hands off my head and knelt up in front of her.

"Yes," she said, nodding emphatically, "let me feel your cock in me."

I fell forward on top of her, burying my erection in her in one movement. She was as I remembered her, tight and wet and ever so warm.

"Ooooh," she moaned as I started to thrust, "I like that."

I gave her a good fucking, thrusting in and out quickly, just like I had done to Margot earlier in the day. Gretchen put her arms around me and squeezed me to her, which was nice but she did have very strong arms which sort of hampered my breathing.

"Oh fuck, you're squashing my lungs," I told her.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" She cried, ignoring my plea to be allowed to breath.

My only chance was to get it over with, so I hammered away at her as fast and as forcefully as I could. I could feel my tail whipping around behind me like a lash and my enlarged balls bouncing around.

"AAAAAAHHHHHH!" She shouted as she came for the second time, squeezing me even tighter with her arms as her cunt squeezed my cock with it's contractions.

"Ooooh fuuuuuck!" I cried, breathlessly as I felt my spunk shooting out of my cock to fill her vagina.

Eventually, she relaxed her grip and I was able to fill my lungs with air. I got out from between her legs and sat back.

"Even if it is a little bit smaller," she said to me, smiling broadly, "it works as well as it ever did."

"And even if you badly need a bath," I replied, "it is still a pleasure to pleasure you."

"Perhaps we should find a pond and have a swim," she said, "I really should wash all this cum out of me."

"Good idea," I replied, "and I know where one is."

In what seemed like no time at all we were parked up at Estella's house. Toby came out to greet us.

"Percy!" He called, "it's so good to see you! What has happened to your ears?"

"I'll tell you later," I replied, "Is Estella at home?" Knowing full well that she wasn't.

"We seem to have arrived too late, she and Joe have gone to the tournament."

"Shame. I have brought some friends to meet her. This is Gretchen and this is Morag."

Toby looked at Nina and smiled. Nina looked at Toby and smiled back.

"It's a lovely afternoon," I said, "why don't we go for a swim?"

"Good idea," said Toby, "You three go to the pond while I see to your oxen."

Nina,Gretchen and I went round the back of the house to the pond. We all stripped off and waded in.

"It's warm," Nina said to me in a whisper, "how is that possible?"

"We are in the magic kingdom," I replied, "nothing should surprise you."

We swam around for a bit, then Nina went and sat on the bank while Gretchen and I stood in a shallow part of the pond and fondled each other.

"I thought cats didn't like water," Gretchen said as she wrapped her fingers around my stiffening cock and rubbed it.

"I'm a man, not a cat," I replied as I rubbed her slit with my index and middle fingers.

"And a very handsome one at that," she said as she leaned forward and kissed me.

We wanked each other off as we kissed, I found her clitoris and rubbed it frantically. As she got closer to her climax so her hand moved faster and faster, bringing my seed up.

"Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm," she mumbled, her mouth clamped to mine.

"Mmmmmmmmm," I mumbled as I felt my spunk shoot out of me and into the water.

"OH THE GODS!" She cried as she broke the embrace and threw her head back, her twitching body making waves in the water.

"Someone's having fun!" Toby called from the bank.

I looked over to see him, naked, sitting next to Nina.

"I think someone else is about to," Gretchen whispered in my ear as she saw them.

We stood in the water and watched as Nina turned her head towards Toby, opened her mouth and poked her long forked tongue out. Toby opened his mouth and let it in.

'Mind she doesn't choke you,' I thought to myself as I watched.

Toby pushed Nina onto her back and climbed on top of her. She opened her legs and let him enter her.

"She didn't take long to get ready," Gretchen said to me.

"Listening to us in the back of your wagon probably got her turned on," I replied.
