 "We're back," said Nina, who was standing nearby when I emerged from the oak, "and it doesn't look good."

Kit was no longer a young man, nor a cat, but a very old man, a very, very old man.

"help me," he said in a weak voice, holding out a bony hand, "you have to take me back."

I took hold of him, span him round and pushed him back into the oak. I waited for a few seconds and then followed him in.

"The gods!" He said as I emerged back in the magical world to see him as Kit again, "who was I?"

"Someone on their last legs by the look of you," I told him.

"You can keep your world," he told me, "and I shall keep mine."

I knew our secret was safe so I turned and went back through the oak.

"He looked familiar," Nina told me when I was back with her, "I'm sure there was a man who looked like him on our missing persons file."

"Perhaps he stumbled on the oak, just like I did. Maybe there are more people from our world who have gone there. I know of two others."

"Two?"

I told her about Kaye.

"We can't leave her there," Nina said, "Her family will be worried sick. We must go back for her."

"Let's just wait a minute. What if you are Morag again? Will she absorb you?"

"I don't know."

"Perhaps I should go alone, it doesn't seem to affect me, being in another being's body."

It was agreed, so I went back.

"Hello Joe," said Rosie as I walked through the door of Estella's house, "where have you been?"

'So I'm Joe this time,' I thought to myself, 'and she fancies me.'

"Here and there," I answered, "have I missed anything while I have been gone?"

"There is a demon on the loose and we have had some visitors."

"Oh, really?"

"Yes, and they told me about how you got battered by an orc at the tournament."

"Well, I'm fine now."

"They're all out by the pond, do you want to join them?"

"Later perhaps."

I smiled at her and took her hand. She smiled back as I led her to the staircase.

"Did you miss me?" I asked as we ascended the stairs.

"You know I always miss you when you go off like you do," she replied.

I did not know which room was Joe's, so I took a guess and led her along the corridor to one I had not been in before. 

"I got your bed made up ready for when you returned," she said as we entered the room, "all nice and fresh for you."

'I got the right room,' I thought, 'that was lucky.'

I took her in my arms and kissed her hard on the lips. She put her hands around me and pulled me close to her, a muffled moan came from her as we opened our mouths and pushed our tongues together. I could feel her large firm breasts against my chest and my cock began to stiffen.

"I want you so badly," she said as she pulled her mouth from mine, stepped back and began to unlace her bodice.

"I want you too," I replied as I lifted my left foot and tugged at my boot.

I managed to undress without taking my eyes off of her. She had the most beautiful big breasts, the loveliest round hips, the nicest slightly tubby tummy and the thickest brown bush I had seen in a long time.

"The gods, you are beautiful," I told her.

"And you are too," she replied as she climbed onto the bed, lay on her back and opened her legs.

I climbed between her legs and put my face to her bush. She sighed gently as I kissed her labia, poked out my tongue and wriggled it inside her.

"Oh Joe," she whispered as she put her hands on the back of my head and held me to her.

I licked her out for some minutes, drinking in the heady aroma of her sex and literally drinking the copious amount of juice that she generated.

"Oh Joe!" She cried as she writhed around, getting ever closer to her climax.

I attacked her clit with the tip of my tongue, flicking it rapidly, making her squeal with pleasure, then she came.

"OOOOOOHHHH!" She cried aloud, "OOOOOHHHH!"

Liquid squirted from her and her fingers dug into my scalp as she had her orgasm. I let up from licking her and let her bask in her contractions.

"Fuck me," she told me after a few seconds, "you know I love it when you fuck me."

I slid up the bed, held my cock to her and slipped it in her. We both moaned with pleasure as I felt her hot wet fleshy cunt around my cock and she felt my meat inside her. I pushed myself in her up to the hilt and then withdrew all the way out. I repeated this action slowly to start with, but before long my thrusts became shorter and much more rapid.

"Oooh, fuck, fuck, fuck!" Cried Rosie as she took the pounding I was giving her.

"Oh Rosie!" I cried out as I felt myself coming to the boil.

"OOOOOHHH!" She shouted as she climaxed again, her vagina contracting around my cock.

"Oh yes!" I cried aloud as I started pumping a huge load of hot sticky spunk into her.

I lay on top of her, my cock embedded in her as far as it would go whilst I emptied my balls. The feeling was exquisite.

"Oh, you did miss me," she giggled as she felt herself being filled with my cum.

"You are my favourite girl," I told her as I gazed into the big brown eyes.

"Then why are you always going off and leaving me?" she asked.

"Because I'm a fool," I told her.

We had a cuddle and then got up. Rosie went off to help Cook with lunch and I wandered down to the swimming pond.

"Hello Josiah!" Estella called when she saw me approach, "have you recovered from your battering?"

"Hello auntie," I replied, "yes, all better now."

I noticed the black cat sitting on Estella's lap. Now I am not very good at reading a cat's expression, but this one looked pretty perplexed.

"Come for a swim!" Shouted Toby from the pond.

I looked over to see him and Lottie swimming around, splashing each other and laughing.

"Where did you get the cat?" I asked Estella.

"He wandered in one day," she replied looking down at him, smiling as she stroked him, "and I decided to keep him."

"I'm going in," I said as I stripped off my clothes.

"Watch, you'll like this," said Estella as she put the cat on the ground.

The cat ran to the pond and jumped straight in. He swam around miaowing loudly.

"He's trying to tell us something," I said.

"Yes, he is," laughed Estella.

'He's trying to tell me that he is not a cat, but Percy under a curse put on him by a mean old wizard,' I thought to myself, 'and it's all my fault.'

I swam after him.

"I know about you," I whispered to him when I reached him, "I swear that I will get the curse lifted, no matter how long it takes."

The expression that appeared on his face was very easy to read, it said, "thank you."

"Has she changed you yet?" I asked.

Percy gave me a quizzical look.

"She knows too," I told him, "she has the magic powder."

"Miaow!" He replied.

I ducked under the water and swam towards Toby and Lottie. The water was clear and not deep where they were. Toby was standing on the bottom of the pond and Lottie had her arms around his shoulders and her legs wrapped around his waist. I watched as Toby held his stiff cock to her hole and she settled herself down on him.

'That looks nice,' I thought as I swam around them, watching them fuck.

I surfaced to take a breath. Lottie was bouncing up and down on Toby rapidly by now and he was grunting as she stimulated him with her action.

"Are you about to come?" I asked.

"Not yet," she replied.

"Yessssssss," he moaned.

Toby had his arms wrapped around Lottie's waist and he squeezed her to him to stop her moving as he came inside her, his eyes tight shut, his mouth turned down.

"Oh, you're coming," she said in a tone of slight disappointment.

Toby relaxed his grip as he finished emptying his balls into the pixie. She took her arms from around his neck, leaned back and pushed herself away from him. He stood and watched as she swam over to me, wrapped her arms around my neck, lifted her legs and wrapped them around my waist.

"I need to be finished off," she said as she wiggled her ass in the water, her cunt lips brushing against the tip of my stiff cock.

I took hold of my cock and held it still for her. She smiled at me as she settled down on it, her cum-filled cunt accepting it in one movement.

"Oh that's nice," she said as she began to bob up and down on me.

I put my hands under her ass and helped her bounce up and down on my cock. It did not take long before she threw her head back and let out a squeal of pleasure.

"Oooooh Joe!" She cried as she climaxed, her vagina clamping my cock in a series of violent spasms.

"Oh the gods!" I cried out as I shot off inside her, adding a lot more spunk to what Toby had put up her.

Lottie calmed down and let go of me. She put her feet on my chest and pushed herself away, causing me to stumble back and become submerged. I opened my eyes under the water to see long white streamers of thick white cum exiting Lottie's cute little pixie pussy and floating off to be eaten by the little fishes that inhabited the pond.

In the evening I snuck into Estella's room and hid in the wardrobe. I was only there for a few minutes before she entered the room with Percy the cat under her arm.

"Sit there," she told him as she put him down on her bed.

Estella picked up the bottle of powder, unstoppered it, put some powder on her palm and tossed it over him. Flash! Bang! He was Percy again.

"Time to earn your fish, pussy cat," she told him as she began to remove her clothing.

"This doesn't make sense," he told her, "what has happened to me?"

"I don't know, exactly," she replied, "but one thing I do know is that you have the most stimulating tongue imaginable."

I looked on, my cock beginning to stiffen as Percy settled himself between Estella's outspread legs and began to lick her out.

"Oh yes Percy, oh the gods Percy, oh fuck!" Cried Estella as Percy's rough tongue rubbed her clitoris.

Percy brought Estella off, using his tongue on her. After she had calmed down, he covered her and gave her a good fucking.

"Oh yes, my darling," she whispered to him, "stick it to me, use that big meaty cock on me, empty those cute little furry balls in me."

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ooooh!" Cried Percy as he did what she wanted and filled her with his spunk.

Percy climbed off Estella and lay next to her. 

"Something or someone had possessed me," Percy told her, "I have been places and done things, I can clearly remember what has happened to me, but it was as if it was not me doing those things."

"It's probably the effect of being turned into a cat by that wizard," Estella told him, "anyway, what's wrong with being a cat? Cats have easy lives."

"Being your pet you mean. You get to turn me into me whenever you want, not when I want."

"Then you won't go off and leave me, will you?"

"You had better look after me properly then, lots of nice fish and meat to eat."

"I will."

'Maybe he won't want the curse lifted,' I thought to myself, 'but then again, a promise is a promise.'

I waited until they had fallen asleep and crept out of my hiding place. I slipped out of the room and back to Joe's room, where Rosie was waiting for me.

"Where have you been?" She asked as she pulled back the sheet to reveal her naked body, "I have been waiting ages."

"Sorry Rosie," I replied as I climbed into bed next to her.

"Well, you're here now, that's what matters."

I leaned over her, put my lips around her left teat and began to suckle. She put her hand down, took hold of my cock and began to massage it. I reached down, wriggled two fingers between her puffy outer lips and sought out her clitoris.

"Oooh, Joe," she murmured as I found the target and began to rub her off.

I changed teat and increased the speed of my fingers on her clit. She responded by squeezing my cock shaft and working her hand up and down on it at a faster rate.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" She cried as she got closer and closer to coming.

"Mmmmm," I mumbled, my mouth still clamped to her tit.

Then she climaxed. She let out a long moan, her body began to buck and she brought her thighs together, squeezing my hand. She stopped rubbing my cock, she just squeezed it even tighter. I stopped wanking her and let her come.

"Oh, that was lovely," she said after she had finished coming, "do you want to finish in my ass?"

That was an offer I could definitely not refuse. I picked up the jar of blue jelly from the bedside cabinet, removed the stopper and scooped some out. Rosie rolled onto her hands and knees and stuck her ass out for me to apply the lube to it.

"Mmm," she murmured as I slid two jelly-covered fingers into her back passage.

I wiped my fingers on my cock, knelt behind her, held the tip to her puckered ring and pushed. I slipped inside her in one movement, feeling no resistance, but still enjoying the feeling of my cock being squeezed into a tight space.

"Wreck me," she told me.

So I started to thrust violently, ramming my stiff cock in and out like a madman.

"Oh, master Joe!" She cried, "you are so big and so hard! You are stretching me!"

"You love it, don't you, you slut!" I cried in reply, "you like your master to use you like this!"

I banged her ass for a minute or so and then I exploded, sending jet after jet of scalding hot spunk into her.

"Oh master Joe!" She cried, "I can feel your cum filling me, there is such a lot of it!"

"By the gods Rosie," I said as I emptied my balls, "you know how to make me come, and come a lot."

Eventually I stopped ejaculating inside the buxom bitch and pulled my softening cock from her. A tiny dribble of spunk squeezed it's way out of her now tightly shut ring-piece and ran down over her cunt to drip onto the bed. I lay on my back next to her and looked up into her eyes.

"You are gorgeous," I told her.

"And so are you," she replied, looking down at me.

She fell forward onto the bed and rolled onto her side. I put my arm around her and pulled her close to me.

"You aunt would not approve of you fraternising with her housemaid like this," she said to me, "fucking me is one thing, but letting me stay in your bed is another."

"Then we shan't tell her," I replied as I cuddled her.

I smiled a satisfied smile as I drifted off to sleep.