 "You have a fine residence!" Boomed Cedric as he drove the cart up the drive to Estella's house.

"Thank you Cedric," replied Estella, "look, here comes Toby, my nephew's friend."

Estella introduced Cedric and Jed to Toby.

"Show sir Cedric's squire the way to the stable," she told him, "I will send out some refreshments."

Toby and Jed took the horses to the stable whilst Estella took Cedric inside.

"Rosie," she said to her maid, who was waiting in the hall, "bring wine to the living room and then take some ale out to the young men in the stable."

Rosie made her way to the kitchen where Cook was preparing supper.

"She's brought a man home," Rosie informed Cook, "and a handsome one at that."

"Oh has she?" Said Cook, in a sullen tone, "I suppose she will want him fed."

Rosie took Estella and Cedric their wine, returning to the kitchen to collect the ale to take to Toby and Jed.

"Have you seen the cat anywhere?" Asked Cook, "I'm sure we have a rat. Food goes missing in the night. If the furry fucker is staying with us, he needs to earn his keep."

"Haven't seen him around lately," replied Rosie.

Toby and Jed were in the stable chatting about horses when Rosie turned up with the ale.

"Hello," she said as she saw Jed, "lady Estella sent you this."

"This is Rosie, Estella's housemaid," Toby told Jed.

"Hello Rosie," said Jed as he relieved her of the jug of ale.

"Hello," she replied, smiling at him.

"Is the other one for me?" Asked Toby.

"Oh, yes. Here you are," said Rosie absentmindedly, holding the jug out for him to take.

"By the gods, Rosie!" Exclaimed Toby, seeing how Rosie was looking at Jed, "why don't you just go and lay down on the hay with your skirts up and your legs open for him!"

"I think I shall," she replied, "would you like me to do that Jed?"

"I would love you to do that," Jed replied.

Rosie walked towards the ladder that led up to the hayloft, looking over her shoulder and blowing Jed a kiss as she did so. Jed Chugged his ale, tossed the empty jug to one side and followed her, unlacing his breeches as he did so. Toby watched as Rosie climbed the ladder with Jed close behind her.

'I'll give them a minute and then perhaps I shall join them,' he thought to himself.

Rosie followed Toby's suggestion and settled herself down in the hay, drawing her skirts up to her waist and opening her legs. Rosie was not wearing anything under her skirts and Jed got an eyeful of her beautiful curly brown bush and her puffy pink piss-flaps that peeped out of it.

"You can see what I have for you," Rosie told the wide-eyed Jed, "now what do you have for me?"

Jed needed no more encouragement, he lifted his feet, one at a time to pull his boots off, wriggled his breeches down to his ankles and stepped out of them. Rosie licked her lips as she took in the sight of his big stiff cock which was pointing straight at her as he walked towards her, unbuttoning his shirt.

"Are you ready for me?" He asked as he knelt between her outspread legs.

"Yes," she replied eagerly.

Jed lowered himself onto her, positioning his cock at her hole and gently pushing it inside her. Rosie let out a sigh as she felt his meat fill her wet and willing cunt.

"Oh," he said as he felt her envelope him, "I like that."

"Mmmmm," she replied, "so do I."

Jed started to thrust slowly, burying his cock inside her up to the hilt and then withdrawing all the way out. Rosie rolled her hips as he went in and pushed against him. Jed put his mouth to hers and they started to snog as they fucked, their tongues wriggling around in each other's mouths.

Toby quietly climbed the ladder to the hayloft and watched the action while he stripped off his clothing. He gently massaged his cock, keeping it stiff, ready for when Jed vacated Rosie's hot wet cunt.

"Oh! Oh! OH!" Cried Rosie as the cock being rammed in and out of her brought her off.

"UUUUUHHHHHH!!" Cried Jed as he shot his load, sending his scalding hot spunk to coat the insides of the buxom maid.

Toby stood and watched Jed finish ejaculating inside Rosie, climb off of her and sit next to her on the hay. Rosie looked up and saw Toby, cock in hand, waiting his turn.

"Come on then Toby," she said, smiling at him, "but I think I should warn you, Jed has put a lot of cum up me."

"I don't mind," said Toby as he got down between her legs.

"Is she always like this?" Jed asked Toby.

"Pretty much," came the reply.

"I take after my mistress," said Rosie as she let Toby penetrate her, "I like the attention of handsome young men."

"Oh fuck," Toby said to Jed as he began to thrust, "you really did put a load inside her."

Jed put his hand over his mouth to suppress a laugh as he heard the squelching sound made by Toby's cock going in and out of the cum-filled Rosie.

"Come on Toby," urged Rosie, "fuck me like you fucked lady Estella that afternoon at the pond."

Toby did as requested and gave Rosie a damned good fucking. Within a minute or so she was squealing with pleasure as his cock pumped in and out of her.

"Keep it up Toby," said Jed, "I think she's about to come."

Sure enough, the randy maid climaxed, pushing herself up towards the cock that was being pushed into her and moaning loudly.

"OH FUUUUUUCK!" Shouted Toby as he shot his load, sending it to mix with the cum that was already inside Rosie.

"YESSSSSSS!" Shouted Rosie as she had an intense orgasm.

Toby lay on top of Rosie and rested, his cock softening inside her. Jed began to put his breeches back on.

"I had better go and find my master," said Jed, "he will be wondering what has become of me."

Toby rolled off of Rosie and stood up. Rosie got off her back and knelt up, knees apart. A river of thick white cum fell from her cunt and landed on the hay.

"I had better clean this mess out of me before I serve supper," she told the young men, "I shall go to the pond and bathe."

"Just let me get dressed," Toby said to Jed, "and we can go and look for your master."

Jed's master was sitting in a big armchair with Rosie's mistress on his lap, they had their parted lips squashed together, their tongues in each other's mouths. Estella's hands were either side of Cedric's head, holding it still, whilst his hands were wrapped around her body, pulling her close to him. Their two hearts were thumping in their chests, pumping hard as they became more and more aroused.

"Come to my bedroom," Estella said as she took her mouth from Cedric's, "I need your cock in me."

"Ha!" Said Cedric, smiling a broad smile, "I am always willing to grant a beautiful woman like yourself her wish."

Estella stood up and put out her hand. Cedric got up from the chair and took hold of it. Estella led him up the stairs to her room where they hurriedly undressed and climbed onto the bed.

"Would you like me to lick your cunt?" Cedric asked.

"Another time perhaps," Estella replied, "but for now, my cunt is aching to be filled with your big thick cock. Stick that meaty beast inside me and ride me to the heavens."

Estella lay on her back, her legs drawn up and spread as far apart as they could be. Cedric placed his body between her legs and lowered himself, engaging his big thick cock in her hot wet hole. Estella let out a moan of pleasure as Cedric slid his cock all the way in. Cedric smiled as he felt her warm slippery cunt surround his hard flesh pole.

"The gods, that feels good," he told her as he began to slide his cock in and out of her, "do you want it slow or quick?"

"Fuck me hard, you lovely man," she replied, "fuck me like you mean it."

Cedric upped the tempo, his buttocks rising and falling at quite a pace as he ploughed Estella thoroughly. She, in turn, pushed up to meet his thrusting, getting him inside her as deeply as possible.

"Oh the gods!" She cried after a couple of minutes of this frenetic action, "I'm coming, I'm coming!"

"Oh lady Estella," moaned Cedric, "oh my!"

They both became silent, their bodies frozen, their eyes closed, as they came. Estella's contractions were some of the strongest she had ever experienced and Cedric shot as huge a load as he had ever done.

"I needed that," said Estella when she had regained the power of speech, "as soon as I first saw you, I knew that you were going to be a good fuck."

"I was pretty sure you wanted it," replied Cedric, "by the way you looked at me when we first met."

"Will you stay for supper?"

"If your cook is as good at making supper as he is at making picnics, I shall be glad to."

"Good."

There were seven at supper that evening. At Cedric's request, Cook was invited to join them.

"I congratulate you sir!" Boomed Cedric, "you prepare the finest repasts in the whole land!"

"Thanks," said Cook in a sullen tone.

'Methinks he resents my presence at the table of his mistress,' Cedric thought to himself, 'the poor fellow fancies her, but in his condition he will never have her.'

"Do you like serving your master?" Estella asked Jed, who she had seated next to her.

"He is a good master," Jed replied, "he is kind and jolly."

Estella put her hand on Jed's thigh and gave it a squeeze. Jed felt his balls tingle.

"Tell me about your pixie," Cedric said to Estella, diverting her attention from his squire.

"Josiah and Toby found her wandering in the wild wood some while ago," she replied, "I took her in and look after her."

"Do you like living here?" Cedric asked Lottie.

"Yes," she replied, "it is fun"

"How old is she?" Cedric asked in a whisper, leaning in close to Estella.

"Nineteen," came the reply.

"I see you are interested in my squire," said Cedric, nodding to Estella's hand which was gently massaging Jed's thigh through the material of his breeches, "if you want him, you can have him this night."

"And you would like the pixie?" Asked Estella.

"Mmmm, yes."

Supper was eaten and small talk made, even Cook managed a smile at one of Cedric's anecdotes. Once all the plates had been wiped clean of the last morsel of food, Rosie and Cook cleared the table.

"If you will excuse me," said Cedric, "I must go and congratulate Cook on the fine supper I have just consumed."

"Very well," said Estella, "Rosie will show you to your room when you wish to retire."

"Jed," said Cedric to his squire, "lady Estella wishes you to keep her company this night, perform well or you will have me to answer to."

"Yes master," said Jed, his balls tingling with excitement and his cock stiffening even more in his breeches.

"A word sir," said Cedric to Cook when he got to the kitchen.

"What is it?" replied Cook, "was the food not up to it?"

"On the contrary," replied cedric,"I have not eaten as well ever in my life before this day and you sir, need to be rewarded."

"And how do you propose to do that?"

"It is plainly obvious that you hold a torch for the lady Estella and the feeling is not reciprocated. Although I find her a fine, beautiful woman, I do not intend to stick around. I have a duty to perform, vis a vis the dispatch of a demon, however, on my return I shall bring you the answer to your problem, that I swear."

Cook looked wide-eyed at the knight.

"You swear?"

"Yes, sir, you have heard correctly."

Cook became very excited and smiled the broadest smile possible. He opened a cupboard, took out a small pie and handed it to Cedric.

"Try this."

Cedric bit into the pie and chewed. A look of wonder appeared on his face.

"Never in my life have I ever tasted something so delicious!" He boomed, "you sir, are a culinary genius!"

"There is more where that came from if you can get lady Estella to fancy me without me having to resort to love potions."

"I shall take your leave now, my good man, there is a pixie awaiting my attention."

Rosie showed Cedric to his room where Lottie was indeed waiting for him. She was sat up in bed, a clean white cotton sheet pulled up to her chin.

"Hello, sir Cedric," she said as the knight closed the door behind him, sat on the chair that was near the bed and began to pull off his boots.

"Are you naked under that sheet?" He asked, looking at her and licking his lips.

"Yes," she replied.

"Show me your tits," he told her.

Lottie let the sheet drop, revealing her small yet pert breasts with their candy-floss pink nipples which matched her candy-floss pink hair.

"Oh, you have such lovely little titties," sighed Cedric as he stood and unlaced his breeches.

"Would you like to see more of me?" Asked Lottie.

Cedric nodded as he stepped out of his breeches, exposing his big, thick, erect cock and his large spunk-filled balls.

"Do you like me?" Asked Lottie as she pulled back the sheet, revealing her flat tummy, slim legs and neat candy-floss pink pubic bush.

"You are beautiful," said Cedric as he unbuttoned his shirt, pulled it from his body and threw it on the floor.

"I don't know if my little pussy will be able to take all of your big, thick cock," she said in a timid voice.

"It will not have to," Cedric replied.

"Oh!" Exclaimed Lottie as she realised what Cedric was hinting at.

"Get on your hands and knees," Cedric told her as he picked up the jar of blue jelly that was on the bedside cabinet, removed the stopper and shook some of it onto his fingers.

Lottie gave him a worried look and then did as she had been told. The look of worry turned to a smile when she had her back to him.

'The dirty old bastard is going to bugger me,' she thought to herself, 'why is it the old ones always want to bugger me?'

Lottie let out a little gasp as she felt Cedric's fingers apply the jelly to her puckered ring. She let out a little cry as the knight inserted two fingers in her ass. She groaned loudly as she felt him stretch her ass hole with his fingers.

"Good pixie," he said in a placating tone, "soon you will be ready for me."

Lottie had experience of the blue jelly and knew full well that it would not hurt one iota when the knight stuffed his cock up her back passage, however she had also learned that men liked to think that they were too big for her and it satisfied their vanity if she played along, pretending that they were.

"Oh fuck that is big!" She cried as Cedric began to feed his cock in her.

"Ha!" Cried Cedric, "It is a tight fit, but with a bit of patience and determination I shall get it in you all the way."

Lottie smiled, braced herself and pushed back forcefully.

"Oh!" Cried Cedric as his cock slipped inside Lottie's ass in one movement, "I did not expect you to do that!"

"Oh sir Cedric," moaned Lottie, "I feel so bunged up. Now spill your beans in me, fill me with your cum."

Cedric withdrew a little way and then rammed his cock back in. Lottie pulled forward slightly and then pushed back. Between them they soon set up a rhythm which excited Cedric immensely and Lottie was comfortable with.

"Oh fuck!" Shouted Cedric after little more than a minute, "oh the fucking gods!"

Cedric gripped Lottie by the waist and pulled her hard towards him, stopping his thrusting at the same time. Lottie pushed back onto him as she felt his cock throb and inject his spunk into her colon.

"I can feel you coming in me," she told him, "it feels nice."

"Oh Lottie," he replied, "it feels wonderful."

Cedric finished and gently withdrew. To complete the charade, Lottie fell forward onto the bed and moaned softly.

"Was it too much for you?" Asked Cedric.

"You are very big," replied Lottie, "but I managed well, didn't I?"

"Yes, you did very well," Cedric told her as he leaned over her and began to plant little kisses on her back, working his way down to her cute little ass cheeks.

Lottie smiled to herself, her mistress would be pleased with her for making their guest happy.

Lottie's mistress was entertaining their other guest at the same time. She was kneeling astride Jed, his cock buried deeply in her cunt, rolling her hips and rubbing his chest with her finely manicured fingers.

"Oh the gods, I like having a stiff young cock inside me," she told him.

"My lady, it is both an honour and a pleasure to serve such a beauty as you," he replied.

The rolling evolved into bouncing and before long Estella was moaning loudly and digging her nails into the young squire as she approached her climax.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! OOOOOOHHH!!" She screamed as she came.

"Oh my lady!" Exclaimed Jed as he felt her cunt pulsing, squeezing him, bringing him to a powerful finish.

Estella's bouncing stopped, she arched her back and threw her head back as she concentrated on enjoying the feeling of coming whilst Jed's cock throbbed, sending a huge load of spunk up inside her.

After a while Estella calmed down. She looked down at the young man beneath her and smiled at him. He looked up at her, smiling broadly in reply.

"I might buy you from your master," she told him, "would you like that?"

"I think I might," he replied.

Lottie spent the night with Cedric's arms wrapped around her, snuggled up under the clean white cotton sheet, his cum slowly leaking from her. Jed cuddled Estella, his cum running from her hole, down over her ass cheek and onto the under sheet. All four of them had satisfied smiles on their faces.