 I went to see Werlock to see if he would lift the spell from Percy.

"Find Lettie and bring her back," he told me, "and I will lift the spell from your friend."

I went to Estella's house to tell her I was going away, when I got there I heard a commotion coming from the kitchen.

"You little bastard!" I heard Cook shouting, "it's you who has been stealing food from my kitchen!"

I looked in to see Cook holding Ivan the imp in the air by his arm. Ivan was looking scared as Cook was holding him over a very large pot of boiling water.

"I should make a stew out of you!" Cook shouted, "you 'orrible little fucker!"

"Help! Please!" Ivan shouted when he saw me, "he's gonna cook me!"

"Don't put him in the pot," I said to Cook, "I need him, he can help me find Lettie, imps are good trackers."

"Are they?" Asked Cook.

"Are we?" Asked Ivan, and then, "yes, that's right, imps are the best trackers in the whole of the magical kingdom. I can help you find this Lettie."

"What's all the noise?" Asked Estella as she entered the kitchen with Percy tucked under her arm.

She was told about Ivan and how he was going to help me find Lottie's missing cousin.

"Very well," she said, "Cook, pack them some food to take. Joe, you may use the small cart."

Whilst I was in the stables harnessing the horse, Rosie came up behind me and put her arms around me.

"Will you be gone long?" She asked, nuzzling me below my ear.

"I hope not," I replied, my balls starting to tingle.

"I will miss you," she said as she ran her hand down my stomach to my crotch.

"I will miss you too," I said as my cock began to stiffen.

"I shall certainly miss him," she said as she gently squeezed my erection through my breeches.

"Shall we go up to the loft?" I asked.

A minute later Rosie was lying on a bed of hay, her skirts around her waist, her cotton panties discarded next to her. I was kneeling next to her, rubbing her sweet pussy lips with my fingers and she had my breeches unlaced and was freeing my cock.

"Oh that feels nice," she murmured as I rubbed her clit.

"Mmmm," I replied as she peeled back my foreskin to expose the engorged head of my cock.

Rosie took her hand away, put it to her mouth and licked it, putting a generous amount of spit on it. She rubbed her spit all over my cock head, lubricating it liberally.

"Is that nice?" She asked as she began to wank me slowly.

"Yesssss," I whispered, "lovely."

My fingers moved faster on her clit as she wanked my cock causing her to writhe around and utter little moans of pleasure. As she became more and more aroused, so she wanked me faster. Pretty soon we were both using our fingers quite vigorously on each other.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried, "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!"

"Oh Rosie, don't stop," I told her, "please don't stop."

"Oooooooh!" She cried out as she came, squeezing my cock with her hand.

"Uh! Uh!" I grunted as I shot a load all over her bodice.

She pushed my hand away with her free hand and I watched as she gradually came down from the dizzy heights of her orgasm. She had stopped wanking me and relaxed her grip. I put my hand around hers and finished squeezing the last drops of cum from my cock which dripped onto her clothing.

"That was nice," she said softly, looking up into my eyes.

"Yes it was," I replied as I leaned down and kissed her on her lips.         *  *  *   *   *    *   *  *  *

"What made you save me from that fat fuck?" Ivan asked as we drove along the road, "Not that I am ungrateful or anything, he would have boiled me alive."

"Let's just say I think I know you better than most," I told him, "and you're not as bad as people think you are."

Ivan just shrugged, turned round and began to root through the hamper that Cook had loaded onto the back of the cart.

'You never know,' I thought to myself, 'I might become you on a future visit.'

It was not difficult to follow Devo's trail. I saw fields of failed crops and came across farmers whose chickens had stopped laying and whose cows had stopped giving milk.

"They say the king has offered a reward for the destruction or expulsion of the demon," one farmer told us, "there are several bounty hunters after him."

"I don't envy the poor fucker who finds him," Ivan told me, "demons can be right sods to destroy or exile."

"The thing is," I told him in reply, "I think he has Lettie with him and I have promised to find her and return her to her brother."

"Ah," said Ivan, "so it's not Lettie we are supposed to be tracking but a fucking great demon who has taken her prisoner."

"Well, yes, if you put it like that."

"A pot of boiling water doesn't seem so bad now."

       *  *   *   *    *    *  *

The afternoon progressed quickly and although we seemed to be travelling slowly we passed through several villages, all suffering from the effects of a passing demon. As it was a nice clear evening we decided to sleep under the stars at the side of the road. I pulled the cart off the road, unharnessed the horse, hobbled it and gave it a bag of oats.

"Oh the gods, look at these two," Ivan said, nudging me.

I looked along the road to see two young women approaching us. They were the same size as Ivan, with close-cropped black hair and very pale skin. They were wearing shorts, cotton tunics with short sleeves and flat shoes of soft leather.

'Female imps,' I thought to myself, 'well, there had to be, hadn't there.'

One of the imps pointed to Ivan, said something to her companion and giggled, her friend giggled in reply. Ivan began to unpack the hamper and lay out some food on the grass.

"Hello," one of the females said as they reached us, "that looks nice."

"Would you like to join us for supper?" Ivan asked.

"That would be lovely," she replied.

Their names were Ida and Iris, they were heading away towards Colinston, where they thought they could escape the mess left by the demon. I noticed them looking quite intensely at Ivan and him smiling at them quite a lot.

"Do you want to go for a walk?" Ida asked Ivan as she polished off one of Cook's finest sausage rolls.

"Why not," said Ivan as he got up from the ground and held out his hand.

We watched them disappear into the woods.

"He's cute," Iris said as she watched them walk off, "I like him."

"How old are you?" I asked.

"Twenty-two, so is Ida."

"I would have thought two pretty girls like you would already have boyfriends."

"Maybe we do."

"Do you think I am cute?"

"Ugh no!" she said, scowling, "human men are not cute at all!"

'Looks like I won't be getting any then,' I thought to myself as I heard the moans of a young woman being soundly fucked coming from the undergrowth.

A few minutes later, Ida walked back, sat down and picked up another sausage roll.

"What's he like?" Iris asked her friend.

"Mmmmm," came the reply, accompanied by a big smile.

Iris stood up and made her way into the woods.

'Lucky bastard!' I thought as I realised that Ivan was going to have her as well.

"How do you know him?" Ida asked as she bit into the roll.

I gave her a brief run-down, emphasising his debt to me concerning the boiling water in the hope that she might look favourably on me.

"Well," she said, "thanks for that, red imps are endangered enough, without them being boiled as well."

I heard a high-pitched squeal coming from the woods.

"Mmm," said Ida, "I know how that feels, Iris."

My cock was stiffening and my balls were tingling.

    *    *     *      *      * 

It seemed that red imps were afforded celebrity status by white imps and female imps would have sex with them at every opportunity. Ida and Iris pleaded to be allowed to travel with us, and as it diverted Ivan's attention from our forthcoming encounter with the demon, I agreed to let them come.

"Can we stay at an inn tonight?" Ivan asked as the next day drew to a close, "the girls would like to sleep in a big soft bed."

'With you in the middle, I bet,' I thought.

We found an inn and were greeted by a young dwarf who took the horse and told us to go inside. 

"Good evening young sir," came the greeting from the landlady, a female elf probably in her forties, "It is good to have a customer in these troubled times."

"Two rooms for the night please," I said to her, "two rooms with big soft beds."

"And supper," put in Ivan, "I need to keep my strength up."

His comment was followed by Ida and Iris having a fit of the giggles.

"I'm sure you do," said the landlady, tutting and looking upwards.

The dwarf served us with food which the landlady prepared.

"What is your mistresses name?" I asked him as he placed a plate of boar meat and vegetables in front of me.

"Ellen," he replied, "and I am Dennis."

"Pleased to meet you, Dennis. I am Joe and this is Ivan, Ida and Iris."

Dennis nodded to the two girls and smiled a wide smile to Ivan. Ivan smiled back and winked at him. We all tucked into what was a very nice meal.

Ellen came and sat with us after she had finished her work in the kitchen and I told her about our quest.

"You are either very brave or very silly," she told me, "going after a demon."

"That's exactly what I told him," said Ivan, "but some people just will not listen to reason."

Dennis showed us to our rooms.

"Would you like to watch your imp?" He asked me as I looked around my small yet clean and tidy room, "there is a spy-hole into his room."

"He's not my imp," I corrected the dwarf, "he is a travelling companion. In answer to your question, yes, I would very much like to watch him with those two girls."

Dennis took hold of a tapestry hanging on the wall and lifted it away. There was a hole at eye-level and I put my eye to it. I could see into the next room very clearly. I took my eye away and looked to my right where Dennis was sitting on a stool holding a small paint brush and a piece of canvas stretched onto a small frame. He had his eye to a hole in the wall too. I put my eye back to my hole in the wall.

"Oh this is nice and soft," said Iris as she bounced up and down on the big bed in the middle of the room.

'I can hear clearly too,' I thought to myself, 'this is going to be fun.'

Ivan stripped off his clothes and climbed onto the bed next to her. He pushed her back onto the bed and leaned over her. She let out a muffled moan of pleasure as he began to kiss her. I could see Ida unbuttoning her tunic. I looked over to see Dennis sketching.

'Oh, nice,' I thought as I saw Ida's beautiful round firm breasts for the first time.

Ida undid her shorts and slid them down her legs, bending over as she did so. I let out an involuntary sigh as I took in the sight of her cute little ass.

"Come here," said Ivan, who had stopped kissing Iris and looked over at her.

Ida climbed onto the bed, took hold of Ivan and pushed him onto his back. Iris started to take her clothes off as Ida shuffled up the bed, straddled Ivan's head and settled herself down onto his face.

"Oh fuck," she murmured as the red imp began to lick her out, "oh fuck that feels good."

I could see Ivan's erection sticking up from his hairless groin, a trickle of clear liquid exiting the hole in it's tip and running down over the shaft. Iris had seen it too, and she got between his outspread legs, leaned down and licked it up. The view of her exposed rear end made me sigh yet again.

"Beautiful," Dennis said softly as he continued to sketch what he was witnessing.

Iris shuffled up the bed, straddled Ivan and lowered herself onto his cock. She let out a loud moan of pleasure as she felt him fill her with his meat. He, in turn let out a muffled moan of pleasure as he felt her take him in. Ida moaned aloud too, as she writhed around on his face, obviously trying to get as much tongue inside her as she could.

Both the imp women bounced and writhed, moaned and groaned, shivered and shook as they brought themselves off on Ivan. I could see him thrusting upwards, his hips bucking, his arms spread, trying to get inside Iris as deeply as he could.

"OOOOOOOOOHHHH!" Squealed Ida as she had what looked like a hell of an orgasm.

"Oh the gods! Oh the gods! Oh the gods!" Shouted Iris as she had the same.

"Mmmmmph!" was the sound I heard from Ivan as he stopped moving and let his spunk flow.

"Perfect," said Dennis as he watched the action, "got it all."

I looked down to see that he had finished his sketch, a reasonable likeness of the three imps doing what they had just been doing.

"Do you have to go and get killed by a demon?" Ida asked Ivan as she lay in front of him, snuggled in his arms.

"Why don't you stay here with us?" Iris asked him as she lay behind him, her arm around him.

"Mmm," said Ivan, "tempting as it is, I don't think mistress Ellen will let us stay without payment and I don't have coin."

I watched as they drifted off to sleep, all three smiling satisfied smiles.

"I shall bid you good night," said Dennis as he got up from his stool, put his brush behind his ear, tucked his sketch under his arm and headed for the door.

"Yes," I replied, "good night, and thanks."

He chuckled as he left the room, leaving me standing there with the largest of bulges in my breeches.

"Are you awake?" Ellen asked from the passageway.

"Yes, please come in," I replied.

"I was wondering if you would like some hot milk to help you sleep," she said as she came in carrying a jug.

"Oh, that's nice of you," I said to her, "would you like to share it with me?"

We sat on the bed next to each other and passed the jug of hot milk back and forth. We looked into each other's eyes, I could tell that she liked the look of the young man beside her and I definitely liked the look of her.

"Have you encountered a demon before?" She asked me.

"No," I replied, deciding not to tell her about Kaye freeing Devo from the spell that kept him as a hare.

"You will probably not survive."

"Will you grant a condemned man his last wish?"

"Perhaps."

I put the jug on the little cabinet at the side of the bed, leaned towards Ellen and kissed her softly on her lips. She responded by putting her hands on the side of my head and pulling me to her. Our tongues darted out of our mouths and wriggled around together in a frenzy of desire.

'Thank the gods!' I thought to myself, 'if i don't come soon my balls will burst.'

As we kissed I pulled at her dress, trying to slip it over her shoulders and down. She let go of me, pulled her mouth away from mine and stood up.

"Let me help you," she said, smiling at me as she undid the soft belt that held her long grey dress to her waist.

"Oh Ellen," I said in a hushed voice as her dress opened to reveal her small, firm round breasts with their stiff little mauve nipples.

"Am I pretty?" She asked.

"You are beautiful," I replied as I grabbed hold of her waist and pulled her towards me.

She smiled as she leaned forward and offered me her teat. I put my mouth around it and began to suckle gently. she ran her hands through my hair and made little mewing sounds as she became more aroused.

"Get undressed," she said as she pulled her tit from my mouth.

I stood up and stripped off my tunic and breeches. She let her dress fall completely open, slip off her shoulders and onto the floor. I gave a sigh as I saw her standing in front of me in just her silver-grey satin panties.

"Take them off of me," she said, indicating her panties, "with your teeth."

I fell to my knees in front of her and took the hem between my teeth. I began to worry the garment like a terrier worries a rat it has just caught. She giggled girlishly at my feverish attempt to expose her sex.

"Nearly there," she said as I got them down a little way, "shall I help you?"

"Please," I said as I let go, knelt back and gazed at the most beautiful mauve coloured soft bush I had ever seen.

She pulled her panties all the way down her long slender legs and stepped out of them. As soon as she had, I put my hands around her, grabbed hold of her ass cheeks and pulled her towards me. She shifted her feet so her legs were apart and I buried my face in that soft muff.

"Mmmmmm," she murmured as I sought her clitoris with my tongue.

I found her clit and began to flick it with the tip of my tongue. She moaned aloud and held my head tightly as I went to work on her.

"Oh the gods, It has been too long since a man has done this to me," she said as I rubbed her clit with my tongue.

As I licked her clit I pushed a finger inside her, she was soaking wet inside, which turned me on even more.

"Oh! Oh! I'm coming! I'm coming!" She cried.

I turned my eyes up to look at her face. Her eyes were closed and her mouth turned down at the edges. She gave a sort of snort and her hips began to buck involuntarily, pushing my face away from her. I let up trying to lick her and knelt back to watch her climax subside.

After a few seconds of what looked like intense pleasure she opened her eyes, looked down at me and smiled. The look on my face was one of pleading, pleading to be allowed to fuck her. She nodded, climbed onto the bed and lay on her back, legs apart.

I climbed between her legs and lowered myself onto her. I groaned loudly as I felt her hot wet cunt surround my throbbing cock.

"It has been a while since I have had cock in me," she told me.

"Sorry," I responded as I began to ejaculate copiously.

"The gods!" She exclaimed, "that was quick!"

I decided against explaining what had caused my premature ejaculation, the sight and sounds of imps fucking.

"I don't normally do that," I told her as I rolled off of her and lay next to her, "it's just that you turned me on so much."

"You like older women then?" She asked, "I must be twenty years your senior."

'Twenty years Joe's senior, perhaps,' I thought to myself.

"When they are as beautiful as you," I told her.

"Perhaps you will perform better in the morning," she whispered in my ear as she put her arm around me and pulled herself close to me.

'Why would I ever want to go home?' I asked myself silently, a wide smile on my face.