 Prologue

Jane was among millions of humans to be abducted upon a ship.

A race of aliens called the Zyd had invaded and conquered Earth in a matter of days. Communications had been disrupted, the nuclear arsenal of the most powerful countries was rendered powerless and the world's military forces were crushed as if they were nothing more than insects smeared on a windshield.

Resistance was futile and so many people ran away to the country as soon as the smaller shuttles began herding humans away. 

Jane, like other humans, had tried to run towards the mountains and away from technology, but it didn't work. Somehow the Zyds had managed to find the humans wherever they hid. Her last memory was her fast-paced feet crunching dried leaves and sticks as she tried to outrun the loud hum of a bus-sized ship whizzing through the air. It was gaining on her.

"Keep running! They're gaining on us! Split up! It's our only chance!" she yelled. Jane hoped that her voice would be heard over the loud roar of the ship which followed close behind.

She dove into a river as the screech of the ship cutting through the wind hovered above her head. She forced herself to dive deeper and to hold her breath. The ship hovered a few seconds and moved past her. It was too close. Her heart pounded in her chest as she resurfaced from the water gasping for air. There was no time to rest and sprinted to her camp. If the ship had found their hideout and the Zyd were taking them, she had to try to help anyone she could.

Suddenly, the ground trembled as a large explosion flung her violently off her feet. Her body skidded back onto the dirt and grass. Instinctively she shielded her face with her hands as the dirt and pebbles showered against her skin.

The explosion had left her temporarily deafened. Her hands left her eyes and covered her ringing ears. Jane looked dumbly around as if unable to believe in the horror which surrounded her. A panicked fear consumed the wounded and confused survivors. A pair of hands grabbed her shoulders tightly, bruising into her flesh, shaking her back to reality. Her eyes moved to Sean. Blood trickled down his head and face as his mouth moved. What was he saying? Jane struggled to understand him.

Jane turned her head in slow motion, before seeing a bright glow of white light flickered in the corner of her eye. The ground in front of them exploded in a rain of dirt, rocks and grass. The impact knocked Sean to his back. Without thinking, she scrambled to her feet and ran straight towards Sean to cover his body in a futile attempt to protect him from the invaders.

The large shuttle landed some thirty feet away from them, metallic and silver with the rectangular door open and a ramp extending from it to the ground. She then watched as armoured clad soldiers marched off the shuttle. The soldiers raised a spear-like weapon and discharged it indiscriminately upon the humans.

"Turn around!" Everyone trampled into the clearing as she tried to run in the opposite direction from where they were coming. No one listened to her warning. "You're going the wrong way, we need to move away from them," she shouted hysterically.

They were being herded like sheep to the slaughter.

A hideous alien with gray, scaly skin appeared, towering over her like a giant. His black eyes scanned the panicked crowd. He opened his mouth, exposing two large razor-sharp incisors, dripping saliva.

"Weqruq glyce a human." He spoke right before he pointed his spear at Jane and fired.

"No!" She cried out and extended her arms.

She was left paralyzed but conscious of what was happening. They dragged her towards the shuttle with the metallic ramp swinging upward and locking in place, sealing Jane and her companions in the shuttle.

Strong hands seized her from behind and she was placed in a curved area, where, fixed in multiple frames on the wall, sloping to the floor, were many large, transparent pods made from apparently transparent plastic. There were a bunch of valve openings, through which tubes could pass, one for oxygen and another for gas used to sedate the tenant, and another to draw the carbon dioxide from the cylinder.

In these were humans who had been taken from the camp. Each of them was naked and unconscious. About the necks of each there was locked a steel collar.

There was one pod which remained empty. A Zyd clad in full body armour and a helmet unscrewed one end of the empty tube. There were small hoses, one at each end, fixed in each tube. They led into a machine fixed in the wall.

The Zyds placed Jane into the pod and screwed the lid shut. Then she began to feel faint. It was hard to breathe. Suddenly a small hose forced itself into her mouth and the pod filled with a viscous green liquid. For a while she couldn't breathe but then relaxed.

The Zyds seemed to brace themselves, by holding onto some rails, part of the racking of the piping. Jane knew that they were lifting off from the feeling of her body, pressing against the pod. It was fast and frightening, but not painful. She didn't hear the sound of any engines.

After perhaps a couple of minutes she saw the Zyds floating in the air like the astronauts before landing down again. She looked out through the plastic and pressed her hands against the heavy, curved, transparent walls of her pod.

She was a prisoner, she thought before falling unconscious.

During her long journey she, like other humans, was placed into pods where her body was modified and injected with nanobots to help her heal and adjust to the new atmosphere. Little did she know it but she was being transported to a distant slave trading planet. 

Chapter One 

Rescued: two hundred and fifty years later

Jane had spent two hundred and fifty years in cryogenic suspension when she was accidentally woken up by a slave uprising. She had woken up in the heat of battle where wave after wave of slaves had attacked the Zyd ships with a brutal vengeance.

Her pod had been opened accidentally as the rebels poured into the docking bay from their own ships, every one, humans and aliens, on board the Zyd mother-ship grabbed the nearest weapon and fought against the Zyd. The entire deck became a screaming mass of shoving, straining bleeding bodies. Almost everyone wanted a chance to kill their enslavers. The Zyd mother-ship had been taken and the Zyds had all been killed off.

Jane was now free and confused. Jane was far away from home in an alien planet with nowhere to go and alone. Regardless of which planet she was on life still went on and Jane needed to move forward.

Learning about the culture and customs of different aliens had been a shock. She had learnt that by the time she had been placed in her pod almost the entirety of Earth's population had been enslaved and sold off to other planets in other galaxies.

Jane was looking for a room to rent while simultaneously looking for a new job. She had found three potential places which were in her price range. The first was with a bunch of Aesti whose species resembled snarling wolves, black thick hair covering most of their bodies and they had elongated snouts that had yellow fangs hanging out of their mouths. The next had been with another alien species which just kept spitting huge globs of mucus on the walls and floor. The last house almost looked too good to be true, but she was desperate.

It was a large house, situated at the end of the city, bordering on a large wooded area. It had a well kept garden with flowers that Jane had never seen in her entire life that reminded her of a science fiction story.

She walked up the stairs and stretched up on her toes to ring the door bell and waited a short while before the door was opened by a smiling, alien woman. She was naked as it was the custom of most alien species. She had an unbelievably beautiful body, her smooth skin was a light pink and her breasts were full with darker pink nipples that jutted up toward Jane. Her hips curved generously out below her slender waist and her legs were very long and skinny. She had a huge bulbous head with lavender coloured eyes which were high on the face and about the size of toddler's hand. She had an almost inexistent nose which was two slits on either side.

'Please God, don't let this one be a weirdo like the other people' Jane thought.

"Hi, I'm Jane and I'm a human. I'm here to look for a room to rent." The days of being terrified of every extraterrestrial that came her way were long gone.

She was young looking and had the largest eyes Jane had ever seen. She kind of reminded Jane of octopus eyes and even wondered how her species might have evolved.

Jane stuck out her hand to shake hers. The pink alien looked at Jane oddly as if she didn't understand a word she had said.

'Maybe she doesn't understand what I am saying,' Jane thought and wondered if the nanobots that the Zyds had placed into her organism, which also acted as a translating device was malfunctioning. The Zyd nanobots in her body were still a mystery to her, but not only did they instantaneously translated languages, they also enabled her to read and write foreign languages. This she discovered this by accident when her friend Mei wrote a sentence in Mandarin. Jane recognised the shapes and understood them.

She decided to go old school and gesticulate her way.

"Ja-ne." Se pronounced her name slowly and pointed to her chest. "Hu-man!

"Ja-ne! Hu-man!" She replied, mimicking her pronunciation.

"Yes. Me Jane." Jane suddenly felt so foolish because it reminded her of a Tarzan movie she'd watched.

"Me Jane." The pink alien mimicked her pronunciation.

"No. No." She shook her hands and pointed to herself. "Just Jane. Just Jane."

"Oh make up your mind," the alien suddenly spoke in perfect English.

"Oh, you understand me," Jane blushed. "I thought that my nanobots were malfunctioning."

"Of course I understand you," she stuck out her hand and shook Jane's. "My name is Sokir."

"Pleased to meet you," Jane said.

Where are your parents?" Sokir observed her carefully.

"Err, my parents?" Jane blinked. "I don't think that I understand?"

"Yes, sweetie" Sokir pinched her cheeks. "Your size is so small you can't be any older than eight Sols."

"I'm twenty three years old," Jane blushed. "Well, technically I'm two hundred seventy three years old in human years, but I spent most of that time in cryogenic sleep aboard the Zyd mother-ship before waking up."

"Oh, you poor child," Sokir almost seemed to pity her. "The Zyds are such a beastly species. I'm so glad that they are dead."

"Look, Sokir," Jane spoke changing the subject which still bothered her. "I really need a place to live and you're the only one who has a room within my price range."

"I see," Sokir said rubbing her chin and inspecting her. "Come on, follow me"

She escorted Jane in and led her through a bizarre looking living room to a big study further back with some enormous computer machinery, huge screens showing a ship landing in a spaceport and changing to a view of various streets. 

"Would you like a tour of my house before we talk terms?" Sokir asked.

"Err, yes that would be nice, thank you."

"Very well. Follow me, child." She started by sweeping a hand round to indicate the room we were in. "This is my study, where I work. I work from home and monitor any abnormalities from outer space and in the city." She pointed at the monitor. "I then notify the authorities and they take action."

"So you're like a cop," said Jane.

"I suppose," Sokir led her to the next room with a table that looked like it belonged to a giant. "This is the dining room," Sokir said. "I could probably host about fifty people around this table, but I hardly ever use this room except to host parties." Jane was led to the next room. "And this is my contemplating room."

"Contemplating room?" Jane asked puzzled.

"Yes," Sokir nodded. "It's where I contemplate about solving puzzles and problems presented to me."

Sokir led her to the kitchen which looked like it could have served in a small restaurant. During the whole tour Jane kept thinking how she was going to afford living in such a posh place. They went up the stairs and Sokir pushed the bedroom door completely open. The room was gigantic and had a big bed at one wall. Bigger than any bed she had ever seen. One wall was dominated by the built-in cupboards and across from the bed was a screen.

"This room would become yours," Sokir said as they moved to the next room. "That is it you choose to stay."

Sokir showed her the other nine bedrooms, each with their own bathrooms, before going downstairs again. They were back in the contemplation room and sat down on the sofa.

"Your house is very nice but I am not sure that I will be able to afford it," said Jane downhearted. "I don't even have a job yet. The interview is today but I do have a good chance of getting it."

"I'm very picky about who I live with," Sokir opened a fan and began waving it gently. "Some species have bizarre habits and some emit odious odours, which thankfully isn't your case. You smell quite nice." She sniffed deeply and added: "You smell amazingly nice."

"Err—thank you," Jane said uncertainly.

"You're welcome," the pink alien smiled. "For full disclosure I must inform you that I am a Vakue. My species have psychic abilities and we're able sense the emotions of other species. Sometimes we can hear thoughts."

"Oh," Jane suddenly felt nervous. "I'm not sure that I am comfortable with you reading my mind."

"Fear not," Sokir assured her. "It's not like I can discover your secrets. I can only hear what you're saying in your mind when you get excited. With a bit of training you can learn to control yourself."

"Oh that's good," Jane sighed.

"That is why I didn't speak to you when we first met. I thought that you were a telepath. You were begging to a 'god' that I was not a 'weirdo'. That is why I assumed that you were a child."

"I am so sorry if you found offense in my thoughts," Jane felt a need to apologize.

"No offense was taken." Sokir assured. "Who is god? Is god your father or mother?"

"It's hard to explain," Jane scratched her head. "Back on Earth He was described as the Creator of the Universe. Humans worshipped him in return for favours and protection."

"Can I meet him?" Sokir seemed suddenly interested.

"Eh no, it's not like that." Jane rubbed her temples. "He was a religious figure and he was from Earth."

"Hmm, I see." Sokir nodded and understood that this was not a topic she was interested in pursuing. "Let's get down to business. Shall we?"

"Yes," Jane felt relieved.

The beautiful alien woman sat back leaving her thighs quite open. Her hairless pubis was purple and the tight slit of her vagina was extremely inviting. She was exposing herself and she used her fingers to pull apart her cunt lips. She was obviously some ritual that Jane was completely ignorant of.

"Please sit on the table. I like to talk to people at eye level." Sokir snapped her fan shut and glared at Jane. 

Jane was shorter than she had expected a grown human female to be as she was, standing just below Sokir's armpit. Every time Jane turned side to side, her firm breasts swayed and jiggled with movement.

"It is customary for my species to negotiate naked" declared Sokir solemnly. "It would show me as a sign of great respect to my culture if you were to remove your clothing."

"Of course," Jane bit her lip nervously as she started undoing the buttons of her blouse.

Sokir's pupils dilated excitedly as Jane shrugged the blouse off her shoulders. She was wearing a low cut white bra which exposed a lot of her creamy flesh. Jane couldn't bring herself to look at Sokir as she reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra. 

"You humans have such beautiful forms," Sokir spoke softly. "I don't understand your species obsession with covering yourselves up."

Her tits were smaller than Sokir's, but they were firm and perfectly shaped. Her nipples were large and brown. It made Sokir hungry to suck them just looking at her. Jane unzipped her trousers and let it drop to the floor. She wore a pair of white panties which were delicate and transparent enough for Sokir to be able to see her raven black pussy hairs.

"You have the body the size of a Vakue child," Sokir commented. "I am glad that we are now able to negotiate as equals."

"This is a bit strange for me being naked," Jane smiled nervously sat directly in front of Sokir her legs propped on the edge of the table.

Sokir leaned forward until she was sitting in front of Jane, putting a hand on her knees. She pried her legs open slightly. Sokir squinted and focused on the nest of dark curls.

"What is that?" Sokir's unblinking, octopus eyes rested on her.

"What is what?" Jane looked down at her own crotch and widened her legs.

"Is this normal in humans?" Sokir trailed her hand from Jane's knees to her folds, parting them with two fingers. "What do your species call this?"

"Well, err-umm-it has many names," explained Jane a little embarrassed. "Its formal name is vagina, but we humans like to call it by a different name especially when we have sex. We can call it a pussy or cunt or snatch."

"Could you show me some more?" She looked towards Jane with immense interest.

"We humans don't really do this sort of thing with people we have barely met," Jane said hesitantly and was now getting strangely aroused.

"But I am not human," Sokir stated as if it were obvious. "So what is the harm in teaching me on human anatomy?"

"I suppose it's harmless." Jane pushed both hands in to her black bush. Palms in, she placed her finger-tips in the middle of her glossy black cunt-fur. She stared at Sokir for any hint of mischief, but saw none and started opening herself up.

"This is the smell I was talking about earlier." Sokir leaned in closer and inhaled sharply. "It is quite intoxicating and delicious."

Sokir sat there, looking down to observe the pink crease appear. It widened slick-looking pink lips. Jane opened herself wider with a little sigh. Sokir saw the inner lips, darker, ragged, and Jane pulled a little more and they popped wetly apart to let Sokir see the small dark hole between them, like a tunnel into darkness framed by her cunt flesh.

"What is this thing over here?" Sokir pointed to her nub that jutted out from between her exposed folds.

"This?" Jane rubbed the nub of her clitoris. "It's called a clit."

"What does it do?" Sokir placed a long bony finger on it.

"Careful!" Startled, Jane jumped and flicked Sokir's finger out of the way. "It's very sensitive and all human females have one. It's what gives human women sexual pleasure."

"I want a closer look." Sokir pried her knees apart. "Spread your legs wider."

This was embarrassing and was not what Jane was expecting. How did it get this far? Yet, Jane opened her legs.

"A clit, you say? What an odd name to give it." Sokir inspected the little nub. "How does it 'give human women sexual pleasure'?" The tip of Sokir's finger ran across the nub again.

"I'm not sure," Jane swallowed nervously. "It has a bunch of nerves in it."

"But how does such a tiny little thing pleasure you?" She leaned in closer and her mouth inches from Jane's pussy.

"Well there are different ways to stimulate it," Jane cleared her throat not believing in the conversation that she was having. "I sometimes use my hand. Or you can get someone to lick and suck the clit gently."

"You mean that a mouth can give pleasure?" Sokir peered up through amazed eyes. "You lie."

"No, I swear that I am telling you the truth." Jane adjusted herself better on the edge, tilting her mound slightly upward.

"I must have a taste!" Sokir licked her bottom lip and inched even closer. Sokir's hot breath lingered on her clit. She stuck out her tongue, giving the nub a quick lick. "Delicious."
