 "Isn't that it?" Asked Nina, pointing to the oak.

"Yes, it looks like it," I replied.

We walked towards the tree. A feeling of relief swept over me as I anticipated being a normal person again and not some sort of half-man half-cat thing.

"I can't move," said Nina as we came closer to the oak.

"What do you mean?" I asked, "have you caught your foot on something?"

"No, I mean I cannot move my legs. Oh fuck, Kit was right!"

"Right about what?"

"I promised Kit the power to turn himself back into a human at will. He told me that oaths cannot be broken in the magical kingdom. I shall have to stay here until I honour my oath. He was right, I am unable to leave."

"Don't be daft. Look, I'll carry you if you like."

I went over to where Nina was standing and picked her up in my arms.

"Percy is quite a strong lad," I said as I began to carry her to the oak, "you don't weigh much at all."

But as I got closer to the tree so she became heavier until I could no longer carry her. I let her down gently and straightened up carefully, my hand on my lower back, which felt strained.

"I can't lift you any more," I told her, "something is definitely stopping you from leaving this place."

"I shall have to help Kit. Once I have kept my promise to him I shall try again."

"Come on then," I told her, "let's go and sort him out."

"Aren't you going home?"

"No, I'm going to stay with you."

"Then we had better get to Morag's house and begin mixing potions and making spells."

By the time we reached Morag's I had turned back into a cat and Nina was an old crooked hag once again.

"No scrapping with Kit," Nina told me, as she opened her front door, "with two tomcats under one roof, things could get tense."

"Miaow!" I replied.

Kit was there alright, but there was no danger of us fighting as he was in his human form, had Magda bent over the big table in the middle of the room and was fucking her vigorously.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried out as he rammed his penis in and out of her.

"You filthy witch!" He responded, "you filthy slutty witch!"

"Oh Kit," cackled Nina, "what are you doing to my friend?"

"So you're back then," Kit replied in a brusque tone, "come to mix that potion?"

Nina put her fingers to her lips and nodded towards Magda, but she was oblivious to everything except the cock being shoved inside her.

"Do you like it, you filthy slut? Do you want more?" Kit asked as he rammed his cock in and out.

"Shut up and fuck me!" She cried in reply.

I stood and watched Kit giving Magda what she craved whilst Nina made her way across the room and out through a crooked wooden door on the far side.

"OH FUCK!" Cried Magda as she climaxed, shaking her head and dragging her long pointed nails along the table top.

"OH FUCK!" Cried Kit as he stopped moving, went up onto the balls of his feet and spent himself in her.

'God, that looked like fun,' I thought to myself.

Kit pulled out and stepped back. Magda stood up from the table, bent over and picked her dress up from the floor. I trotted across the room and through to the room where Nina was.

"Oh, so you've finished watching them," she said to me as I walked in, "pervy old sod."

"Miaow!" I replied.

The room was some sort of study. There were shelves with books and bottles of powders and liquids on them. The place was very dusty, it looked as if it had not been used for a while. Nina was sitting at a small desk looking in a large book. 

"Before you ask," she said to me, "I did not know about this room, I just came in here instinctively."

'She's assimilating,' I thought to myself, 'just like when Roz became absorbed into Ashka.'

"Miaow," I shouted as I stuck my claws into her scruffy old boot.

Nina took the hint. She took some of the powder and tossed a pinch at me.

"Listen," I said to her once I had turned back into Percy, "you are being absorbed by Morag. If you stay as her, before long you will not want to turn back into Nina."

"What makes you say that?"

"Because that's what happened to Roz."

"So I had better get down to finding how to give Kit what he wants. If you want to help me, grab a book and start reading."

"Wouldn't it be easier to get some help?"

"And how are we going to do that?"

"I think Margot has a soft spot for me, if we go and see her perhaps I can convince her to help us."

"Shall we take Kit?"

"Let's leave him with Magda, after all, you don't want us fighting, do you?"

"Yeah, ha-ha, very funny."

"Turn me back into a cat then."

Nina waved her wand and in a flash I was back as a cat.

"Fucking hell, I'm good at this witchcraft stuff," she said, a self-satisfied grin on her face.

"Miaow!" I replied.

We left Morag's house and made our way through the woods to the village. Even though Nina was in the form of a crooked old witch, she still moved at quite a pace and we were soon there.

"Ah," said Nina, "there it is."

Margot's small stone cottage was at the edge of the village. It had a small unkempt front garden and a rickety gate through which we both walked.

"I know what you're thinking," Nina said, looking down at me, "how did I know it was this house? You're right Jim, her mind is coming through, I know things I never knew before. We had better get a move on."

Nina knocked on the scruffy wooden front door and after a few seconds it was opened by the old crone we knew as Margot.

"Hello Rag," she said to Nina, "run out of powder again? Oh, I see you have brought Percy with you."

I looked up at her and she down at me. She smiled a gap-toothed smile and I shuddered.

"I wanted to borrow a spell book," Nina told her, "mine seems to have been eaten by rats."

Margot showed us into her house. It was a pretty standard witch hovel, big cauldron, shelves of potions, dead bats hanging from the ceiling.

Margot picked a large book from one of the shelves and handed it to Nina. She picked up a piece of old cloth and wiped the seat of a wobbly old chair with it.

"Sit," she told Nina, "read. I shall just pop into the next room with this."

As she spoke, Margot scooped me up in her bony arms and carried me off.

"Have fun," said Nina as we left her to her book.

The room into which Margot carried me looked as if it had not seen the light of day for many years. The floor was thick with dust and cobwebs hung from the ceiling. There was a large dust-covered dirty old velvet sofa to one side of the room and it was to this that Margot carried me and placed me.

"Ready?" She asked as she threw the magic dust at me.

I sat up and let the cloud of dust envelope me. At the same time, Margot threw some more into the air and let it cover her. There was the usual flash and bang and we were transformed. I looked around me to see that the sofa had also undergone a make-over and that it was now a clean soft piece of very comfortable furniture.

"I was hoping to see you again," Margot said as she knelt in front of the sofa, put her hands on my knees and pushed them apart.

"And I you," I replied as she leaned forward, opened her mouth and took my flaccid cock in.

It was not flaccid for long. As soon as I felt Margot's long forked tongue rub against it, my cock stiffened. I let out a moan of pleasure as she sucked gently on me whilst one of the tips of her tongue wriggled it's way down my urethra.

"My turn," Margot said as she took her mouth away, stood up and stripped off.

I watched as she slipped her dress down, undid her bra and pulled down her panties. She stood in front of me, dressed only in her suede high-heeled ankle boots which turned me on even more. I shuffled to one end of the sofa and she sat in the middle, turned to face me, lay back and hooked one leg over the back of the sofa.

"The gods, that looks inviting," I said as I looked at her mound, which was covered in the most beautiful short, smooth, jet-black hair.

"Then get on with it," she told me.

I got down between her outspread legs, poked my tongue out and licked along her slit. She moaned loudly as she felt the rough texture of my tongue on her labia. I inhaled as I licked her, she smelt sweet, like roses.

"Mmmm," she moaned as I flicked at her clitoris with my tongue, "I like that."

I performed on her for several minutes, bringing her gently to the boil. I loved the taste and the smell of her, I loved the fact that she was enjoying what I was doing to her.

"Oh! Oh! OH THE FUCKING GODS!!!" She shouted as she arched her back, grabbed hold of my hair and squirted onto the fabric of the sofa.

I stopped licking her and waited until she released her grip. After a short time she relaxed, let go of me and sank back onto the sofa. I raised my head and looked her in the eyes.

"Do you want my cock in you?" I asked.

"No," she replied.

I was crestfallen! She had got me all fired up and was not going to let me fuck her!

"Oh you fucking tease!" I cried, "why not?"

"I thought you might like more of this," she said as she slid off the sofa and knelt in front of me.

"Oh! Oh yes! Oh Margot!" I exclaimed as her long forked tongue curled around my cock and peeled my foreskin back.

I relaxed my body and let my mind go blank. I revelled in the wonderful feeling of having my cock squeezed and massaged by the witch's tongue. I looked down at her to see her eyes turned up to look at me, I smiled at her and she lowered her head to take my cock in her mouth.

"Oh, oh, ooooooh," I moaned as she began to suck gently.

I shifted on the sofa, spreading my legs further as I felt her put a finger tip to my ass hole. I let out a groan of delight as I felt her invade my body with her finger, pushing it all the way inside me, seeking out my prostate.

"I'm coming," I moaned as I felt my seed rise.

The massaging of my cock by her tongue and my prostate by her finger made me ejaculate forcefully into her mouth. I closed my eyes and moaned loudly as I shot my load, my cock pumping my hot spunk down her throat, emptying my balls completely.

"Thank you mistress," I said softly as I finished putting what seemed like a pint of cum in her mouth.

"I hope you are grateful," she said as she took her mouth away and licked her lips with that long black forked tongue.

I sat and watched her dress, enjoying the sight of every curve and every inch of her flawless creamy skin. Once she was dressed she went out of the room and I got up and went back to Nina.

"Have you found what you are looking for?" Margot asked Nina, who was still pouring over the book on her lap.

"No," Nina replied, "can you help me Margot?"

Nina explained how she wanted to grant Kit the power to transform himself.

"You put the spell on him," Margot told her, "why not just lift it completely?"

"I suppose I could," Nina mused, putting her fingers to her pointy chin and rubbing it, "but no, I just want him to be able to change for a while, not permanently."

"Well, if you are sure," said Margot, "let's see what we can do."

I turned back into a cat and lazed on the widow sill while the two witches created their potion. Margot poured some evil smelling stuff into her cauldron, leaned over it and waved her wand at it. When she stood back from the pot she was a wizened old hag just like Nina.

"Why can't we be young for longer?" Nina asked, "I don't like being old and crooked."

"You know why," Margot answered, "the longer we are young, the older we become when we change back."

"Then we must make a spell that keeps us young forever."

"Let me know when you find a dragon to milk then," said Margot.

Creating the potion took quite some time, but eventually it was done. Nina held a small bottle of clear liquid up to the light and gazed at it.

'That's your ticket home,' I thought as I looked across the room at her.

"I will go home and try it out on Kit," Nina told Margot.

"Why not try it out on Percy?" Margot asked.

'Fuck that!' I thought as I jumped down from the window sill and headed for the door, 'suppose they haven't got it right? It might turn me into a frog or something.'

I hid in some long grass and watched as Nina took her leave of Margot.

"Bye-bye," said Margot, waving her friend off, "bring me Percy when you find him."

"I will," replied Nina as she shuffled along the track in the direction of her house.

I caught up with her and we walked into the woods together.

"I've been thinking," she said to me as we wandered along, "you have been Percy as long as I have been Morag, yet you don't seem to be assimilating, I wonder why."

"Miaow!" I replied.

We reached Morag's house and went in. Kit was in cat form, lying on the floor snoozing. Magda was nowhere to be seen. Nina went over to Kit and nudged him awake, then she poured the liquid from the bottle into a saucer. Kit lapped it up. We waited.

"Wow!" Exclaimed Nina, "it worked!"

Within a minute of consuming the potion Kit had turned into his human form, only this time there were no signs of his ever being a cat.

"No tail," he said, looking behind him, "no furry ears," as he felt his head.

"And no small balls covered in black fur, either," said Nina as she looked at the naked young man standing in front of us.

"I just wanted to turn and I did," said Kit.

"Can you turn back?" Asked Nina.

Kit closed his eyes and a look of concentration appeared on his face. There was a sound like a sort of dull thump and there he was, a cat again.

"The gods!" Exclaimed Nina, "we did it!"

'Well,' I thought to myself, 'Margot did most of the work.'

"Well Nina," said Kit after he assumed human form again, "you have done what you promised and your secret is safe. When will you be leaving and letting my mistress return?"

"I don't know if I will be leaving," Nina replied, "I am beginning to get the hang of this witch thing and I quite like it."

'If I don't get her home fast,' I thought, 'she will never leave.'

Nina took some of the white powder and threw it in the air. As the cloud settled over her I ran over and stood next to her. Flash! Bang! and we were in our beautiful young forms.

"The gods!" Exclaimed Kit, when he saw me, "who are you?"

I gave him a quick summary of my situation, not noticing that Nina was stripping off as I spoke.

"So in essence," said Nina as she stood there, naked in front of us, "he is an old pervert and I am a single woman looking for some love action. When we are here life is so much more interesting. Now let's get onto that bed."

Nina strode purposefully out of the room and we followed her.

"You knew where the bedroom was," I said as we walked into a windowless room, lit only by a couple of candles.

"Shut up and get on that bed," she told me.

I climbed onto the bed and lay on my back. Nina lay next to me, put out her hand and took hold of my cock.

"Let's see if your tongue is still rough," she said to Kit, "lick me."

Kit climbed onto the bed and settled himself between Nina's outspread legs. She let out a moan and squeezed my cock as he made contact with her.

"Oh fuck, it's still as rough as sandpaper," she said as she writhed around, "the gods have seen to keep that bit as it ought to be."

As Kit serviced Nina's cunt with his tongue, so she squeezed my cock. I was as stiff as a pole and my balls were tingling fit to burst.

"Oh Kit! Oh yes! Oh fuck!" Cried Nina as she came off under the expert oral attention of Morag's familiar.

"Let go!" I cried as her grip got tighter and tighter as she approached her climax.

Nina released her grip on my cock only to dig her fingernails into the flesh of my stomach as she convulsed from the strong orgasm that she was experiencing.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" She shouted as she came.

Kit came up from between her legs, his chin dripping with ejaculate, a big grin on his face.

"Get on Percy's cock," he told her, "you are getting both holes filled this day."

Nina did as ordered. She rolled on top of me, straddling me. She reached down, took hold of my cock and placed it at the entrance to her cunt, then she settled down on it.

"Oh fuck, that's nice," I said as I felt her warm wet flesh envelope me.

"Just a little bit of Marlock's jelly," said Kit.

Nina's eyes widened and her lips pursed as she felt Kit apply the lube to her ass hole.

"Have you ever?" I asked, looking into her eyes.

"No," she whispered in reply, a slightly worried look on her face.

The look of worry was replaced by one of satisfaction as she accepted Kit's penis in her ass. I could feel something moving in her as he began to bugger her slowly yet determinedly.

"Push up, Percy," he said to me, "or Jim or whatever your name is."

I began to thrust upwards slowly as he thrust down. Nina stayed still, allowing herself to be used by us. Kit looked over her shoulder and down at me, he smiled a triumphant smile as he became master of the witch who had been his mistress.

"Oh the gods, this is nice," moaned Nina as she received meat in both holes, "give it to me faster."

We both increased the speed and ferocity of our thrusting and pretty soon the bed was squeaking and rattling as we pounded away in her. Beads of sweat dripped from Nina's brow and into my eyes, but I did not care, my mind was fixed on coming inside the beautiful young woman above me.

"Oh yes!" Cried Kit.

"UUUUUUUHHHHHH!" Cried Nina.

"Oh fucking hell!" I cried.

We all came at the same time, Nina's cunt pulsing, squeezing my throbbing cock in a series of contractions. I shot a huge load up into her and at the same time, could feel Kit's cock throb and squirt his load up her ass.

"You dirty lovely slut," whispered Kit into Nina's ear, "you really enjoyed that, didn't you?"

"Mmmm," she replied.

"You two are squashing me," I told them as they relaxed their bodies, transferring their weight onto me.

"Sorry Percy," said Kit as he got off of Nina, a slurping sound coming from her rear end as his cock left her cum-filled ass.

"Sorry Percy," said Nina as she rolled off of me and lay on the bed next to me, panting.

"Shall we go now?" I asked, turning my head to look at Nina.

"I'm not sure that I want to," she replied.

"Can I come with you?" Kit asked, "it sounds interesting, this other world where you come from."

"You must swear that you will never tell a soul about it, if we take you," I said to him.

"I swear," he replied.

"Very well then, get dressed and we shall go."

Nina magiced us up some clothes by waving her wand and we all got dressed. We made our way through the woods to the oak.

"You go first Nina," I told her, "then you Kit. I shall follow last."

I held my breath as Nina squeezed into the hole in the trunk of the tree. After a few seconds Kit followed her, then I went in.