 Nina and Magda got out of the coach and were met by a very attractive woman of about fifty wearing a golden crown on her head.

"Your majesty," said Magda, bowing her head.

"Your majesty," said Nina, copying the witch.

"Thank you for coming so quickly," the queen said to them, "please, come this way."

The queen led them into the castle, through some passageways and down some stone steps.

"He's in here," the queen said as she pulled open a large wooden door on creaky hinges.

Nina and Magda entered a cold, dark room with a stone floor and no window. There were just a couple of candles giving dim light.

'Oh fuck!' Thought Nina as she saw a naked young man sitting on the floor, slumped against the wall, manacles around his wrists, 'he doesn't look too well.'

"Isn't that young Sir Stabalot?" Asked Magda.

"Yes," replied the queen.

"Rumour is that you have a soft spot for him, has he done something to anger you?"

"No, I still like him, in fact I like him a lot, a hell of a lot. We like to play games, him and me. We were playing torturess and victim and I got a bit carried away."

'Too fucking right you did, by the look of him,' thought Nina.

Magda went over to the young knight and knelt beside him. She pulled a small packet from her pocket, opened it, held his head back and poured the contents into his mouth. The young man coughed and opened his eyes.

"Oh thank goodness!" Cried the queen, "he has awakened!"

"What happened?" Asked Stabalot as he looked up at the queen.

"I'm so sorry Stevie," said the queen, "I must have tightened the garrote too much, you passed out and I could not wake you."

"Don't worry Gwen," replied the young man, "you gave me such an orgasm, it was worth it."

"Yes. You should have seen it," she said, turning to Nina and Magda, "as he lost consciousness he shot a huge load. It went everywhere. Look, you can see it all over his legs."

Nina screwed up her eyes to try and see in the dim light. She could make out stripes of white all over the young man's thighs and belly.

"It looks like it was a huge load," Magda said to Stabalot, "your mistress must have given you great pleasure."

"Oh she does," said Stabalot, smiling up at the queen.

"Come on Stevie," said the queen as she unlocked the restraints around his wrists, "we had better get you cleaned up. You are fighting tomorrow and you are to be my champion."

"Will you be requiring us for anything else?" Asked Magda.

"No, but you may stay for dinner if you like," replied the queen, "feel free to wander the castle, but watch out for that randy fool."

"Who? Thomas?"

"Yes, he thinks he is the gift of the gods to all women, the dirty little sod. He has even had a try at me! I don't know why the king keeps him on, I really don't."

"He makes his majesty laugh," put in Stabalot, "and his majesty says laughter is the best medicine."

"Talking of medicine," said the queen, " it might be as well for both of you to stay over. It is the spring festival and the fighting tournament is tomorrow, some of the combatants are likely to be injured and it would be good of you to help restore them to full health."

"Of course, your majesty," answered Magda, "it would be our pleasure."

"I shall see that your horses are stabled and your driver can stay in the servants quarters. Follow us."

The queen and her beau led Nina and Magda up the stone steps. A maid showed them to their rooms.

"I shall take a nap," Magda told Nina, "the effects of the powder can be quite tiring."

Nina was sitting on the bed in her room when there came a knock on the door. A maid entered the room.

"Your coachman wishes to see you mistress," said the maid, "shall I show him up?"

"Yes," replied Nina.

A few seconds later, the young man named Kit, who had been a cat before Magda had transformed him, walked into the room. Nina looked him over. She liked what she saw, despite the odd looking ears and the unsettling furry tail sticking out from the back of his breeches.

"I assume that you will be wanting cock, mistress," he said as he unlaced his breeches and pulled them down, "oh that's better. These breeches really do squash my tail."

Nina was a little shocked at his rather forward attitude, was it normal for the witch Morag to have sex with this man-cat hybrid?

"I am a little tired," Nina replied, not sure how to respond, "perhaps later?"

"Then just some tongue, perhaps," Kit replied as he stepped out of his breeches and stood upright, revealing a large semi-erect penis above a pair of balls covered in black fur.

Nina became a little aroused at the sight of his genitals. She stood up, turned her back to him and told him to unbutton her dress.

"Does using the magic powder so often make you weary, mistress?" Kit asked as he pushed Nina's dress forward, off her shoulders and down.

"A little," she answered as she felt his arms go around her and his hands cup her young, firm, round breasts.

"It may be advisable not to use it so often perhaps," said kit as he rolled Nina's nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.

"Mmmm, that feels nice," she said as she became more aroused.

Kit leaned in and kissed her behind the ear. Nina tipped her head to one side to allow him easier access. She reached behind her and wrapped her fingers around his now fully erect cock. She pulled back his foreskin and rubbed her finger tips over the tip, noticing the wet sticky pre cum that was leaking out of it.

"Oh mistress," Kit moaned as he felt the witch's touch.

Nina disengaged herself from Kit and finished undressing. She wriggled the dress down over her hips, let it lie on the floor and stepped out of it. She lifted her feet in turn and pulled off her ankle boots. She pulled her lacy black panties down and stepped out of them. She climbed onto the bed and lay on her back, feet on the bed, knees drawn up and wide apart.

"Oh mistress," Kit murmured as he took in the sight of her luxurious jet black bush.

Nina let out a long sigh of pleasure as she felt Kit's rough tongue make contact with her labia. She moaned aloud as it pushed them apart and probed her vagina.

"Yes, like that," she said in an encouraging tone.

Kit found her clitoris and his rasp-like tongue stimulated it with small rapid licks.

"Oh the gods!" She cried as he worked on her.

Nina had never felt a tongue like it before and it felt wonderful to her. She gripped the eiderdown on which she lay and closed her eyes tight shut as she experienced a mind-blowing orgasm.

"UH! UH! UH! UH!" She cried out as she climaxed, her legs twitching, her fingers digging into the material of the bedcover.

Kit climbed on top of her and slipped his cock inside her. Nina let out a sigh of pleasure as she felt herself being filled with hard hot flesh. Kit began to thrust slowly, filling her and vacating her, his eyes fixed on hers, looking for something in her eyes.

"Faster," she told him, "fuck me faster."

Kit increased the speed of his thrusting and Nina pushed up against him as he thrust down, getting him as deeply inside her as she could.

"Oh fuck yes! Oh fuck yes!" She cried as he brought her off a second time.

"Oh mistress!" He cried as he shot his load, putting a large quantity of spunk in her.

Kit finished cumming, pulled out of Nina and sat on the bed.

"Who are you?" He asked, turning to look at her, "because you are certainly not my real mistress."

"I guessed that you could tell something was wrong when I first saw you," Nina replied, "what did I do to make you certain."

"You let me come in here and fuck you. My mistress would never let me instigate intimacy, she would always be the one calling the shots."

"So who are you? And why were you turned into a cat?"

"You first."

Nina told Kit her real name and a little bit about how she was shown the way to the magical world and how she was out of her depth being a witch.

"I can help you, if you help me," Kit said to her, "I would like the power to change myself at will and not be at Morag's beck and call all the time."

"Would you leave her if you could be a man permanently?"

"Oh no, being a witch's cat has it's upside. I am safe from harm when I am with her, and anyway, getting to shag a beauty like her is a pretty good incentive to stay."

"So why did she turn you into a cat?"

"My memory of it is a bit vague. I think I was just wandering around as a little boy when she found me and decided to make me her pet."

"Oh."

"It was on my twentieth birthday, I think, that she first turned me back into a man. She wanted to show me how much control she had over me."

"I think I would turn you back into a man quite often," Nina said, stroking Kit on the arm, "I think you are very attractive. That tongue is very effective and you fuck pretty decently too."

"So do we have a deal? I will help you not to make any mistakes and be uncovered as an imposter if you concoct a spell that I can use to change myself at will."

"Deal," said Nina.

"Promise?"

"Swear."

Kit's eyes lit up, "you do understand what you have just said, don't you?"

"How do you mean?"

"If you swear an oath in this magcal land, you must honour it. It is not possible for you to break it. I swear not to give up your secret as long as you help me. There, I have sworn too."

'How naive,' Nina though to herself, 'not being able to break a promise? Silly man!'

Kit stood up and went over to the chest at the side of the room. He picked up a cloth that was next to a bowl of water, dipped it in and wrung it out. He walked back to the bed, knelt down and wiped the residue of cum that was still dripping from Nina's cunt.

"Mmm," she murmured, "that water is nice and warm."

"Why wouldn't it be?" Asked Kit as he pushed the cloth a little way inside her and scooped out any of his seed that was there.

Nina let out a sigh as Kit took the cloth from her hole and replaced it with his tongue. She closed her eyes and smiled a smile of satisfaction as her confidante used his rasp-like tongue to give her pleasure.

As he flicked Nina's clit with his tongue, Kit considered his new found friend. If this woman was as she said, then his lot could be mproved considerably. Maybe he could start to call the shots in this relationship.

Nina had nothing more on her mind than letting this feline creature give her yet another mind-blowing orgasm. It felt as if her body was being hit with a series of electric shocks, a feeling she had never felt before and she liked it immensely.

"Oh the gods," she whispered, "lick me. Lick me there, yes there. Oh fucking hell, that feels good. Oh, oh, oh, OHHHH!"

Kit got a face wash as Nina writhed around and bucked her hips. She squirted a copious amount of female ejaculate at him, which soaked his chin and chest.

"Stop!" She cried out, "oh stop, please!"

Kit stopped. He smiled to himself as he pulled his head out from between Nina's twitching thighs, he was in control now.

Eventually Nina relaxed as the violent contractions she had been experiencing subsided. She lay on the bed in silence, in a state of total bliss.

'I think we shall get on very well together,' Kit thought as he looked at the beautiful woman lying on the bed next to him, 'yes, very well.'

In the evening, Nina and Magda joined the king, the queen and the royal household in the banqueting hall. Nina enjoyed walking into the hall next to Magda as every eye was turned to look at the two beautiful young witches as they entered.

"Welcome," said the king as they walked towards him, "please come and sit at my table."

Nina's eyes widened and she let out a small involuntary gasp as she saw the red haired woman that she had been on her previous visit to the magical land.

"Are you o.k. Rag?" Asked Magda when she heard her friend utter the gasp.

"Yes, I am fine," Nina replied, "who is that red-head?"

"Don't you recognise her?" Asked Magda in a surprised voice, "that's Amber Locks, the huntress. We have tended to her wounds on more than one occasion."

"Oh, of course!" Cried Nina, "how silly of me. It must be the effects of the powder."

"Yes," said Magda in an unbelieving tone, "mustn't it just."

Nina made a mental note to be more careful in what she said.

They ate well that evening, the meat was reindeer from the king's herd.

"Not bad at all," said the king as he chewed on a piece, "died from a heart attack, aged twelve. Quite tender for meat from a beast of his age."

"Mmmm," agreed Magda, "I like a nice chewy piece of meat."

"Speaking of meat," said the king, "have you chosen a young man to warm your bed this night, mistress?"

"There is one I have my eye on," said Magda as she looked at a young knight sitting at one of the side tables.

"Good choice," said the queen as she noticed where Magda's gaze had settled, "Sir Cyril is a fit young man and is quite well endowed, so the rumours go."

"Cyril!" Called the king, "come here my boy!"

The young knight got up from his table and made his way to the top table. He bowed to the king and queen.

"What is your will majesty?" He asked.

"Get under the table and service mistress Magda with your tongue while she eats her supper," the king told him.

"Yes your majesty."

Nina stifled a giggle as she watched the young man disappear under the table and Magda wriggle her robe up to her thighs, preparing herself to receive his tongue.

"Now then," said the king, "will mistress Magda finish her supper before she comes? Who will make a wager?"

"I wager that she will finish before Cyril finishes her!" Called out a man from one of the tables.

"Ah Fugg!" Called the king in reply, "always keen to lose good coin! I wager you five gold pieces that the witch will climax before her plate is cleared!"

Nina looked at Magda to see her eyes widen and her fingers grip her knife tightly as the tongue of the man under the table made contact with her.

"And we're off!" Shouted the king as he noticed the same.

A general hubbub grew in the dining hall as various bets were made between knights and barons, squires and soldiers.

"Cut your meat up small," said the queen to Magda, "you don't want to choke."

"Y-y-yes majesty," said Magda as she endeavoured to consume her food whilst being consumed by lust.

The room grew quiet as the assembled gamblers watched Magda's progress in both clearing her plate and reaching her climax. Magda tried to cut her food up and put it in her mouth, but was increasingly interrupted by her body shaking and writhing around uncontrollably.

"Come on young Cyril!" Entreated the king to the unseen knight, "bring her off! Make the witch come!"

"Eat up!" Came a cry from the audience, "you can do it!"

"Oh! Oh!" Cried Magda as she started to peak.

"She's nearly there," came a whispered female voice from Nina's right, "she is going bright red and her hands are shaking."

"Yes," agreed Nina.

"Would you like me to do that to you?" Asked the voice.

Nina turned to look at who was talking to her. It was a young woman, probably still in her teens, blonde and very pretty.

"I'm not sure," Nina replied.

Other women had held no attraction for Nina, she was definitely hetero, but something stirred in her as she looked into the eyes of this young beauty.

"Come on," said the blonde, taking Nina by the hand, "let's go somewhere else."

Nina stood and let the blonde lead her away. No-one took any notice as they headed towards the big wooden doors of the dining hall, they were all engrossed in the sight of Magda trying to finish her meal before the young man under the table made her come.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ooooooh!" Cried Magda as she came, throwing her knife and fork in the air.

"HA!" Shouted the king, "look, a potato is still on the plate!"

A cheer went up from the winners of the various bets placed on the outcome of the sport and a groan from the losers. Nina and the blonde left the room just as Cyril emerged from under the table, wiping Magda's juice from his face.