 "Well done," said Estella to Cedric as he walked towards her, "you won your contest with ease."

"Thank you my lady," Cedric replied, "may I sit with you?"

Estella knelt up and served Cedric some food. They introduced themselves and Jed was allowed to sit on the grass nearby, where he too was fed.

"This is the finest repast I have ever taken," boomed Cedric, "your chef certainly knows his trade."

"Yes," replied Estella, "his family has cooked for mine for generations."

"I would like to meet him and congratulate him in person."

"Perhaps that could be arranged," Estella said as she sat close to Cedric and looked into his eyes.

'The gods!' Thought Cedric to himself, 'this fine woman has designs on me, I'll wager. There must be a fine sheath for my dagger under that dress and I'll be putting it there before the day is out.'

"If you have any more tasks for me to perform," Cedric said looking into Estella's eyes, "I would be only too pleased to carry them out."

Estella could feel her panties becoming wet as she heard his words.

"Isn't that your nephew, my lady?" Asked Jed, looking towards the field of combat, "it looks as if he is about to fight."

Baron Horace Fugg sat beside his beautiful young wife and put his arm around her.

"Oh, so you have finished gambling with those horrid imps," Esme said to him as he gave her a gentle squeeze around her waist, "I suppose you have run out of money."

"On the contrary my darling," Fugg replied, "I am up on the day. I backed a knight who won his contest as well as cleaning up at cards."

"Well done Horace!" Said Esme in a surprised voice, "but it is too late for you to be my champion, lady Estella's nephew is fighting for me today."

"In what contest? Sword? Ball and chain?"

"Fisticuffs."

"Will you let him fuck you if he wins?"

"You don't mind, do you Horace?"

"No, of course not my darling. Would I be allowed to watch?"

"Perhaps," replied Esme as she put her arm around her husband and pulled herself close to him.

"Oh dear," said Horace, "this doesn't look good. Your champion has been drawn against an orc."

"Oh dear!" Cried Esme, "poor Joe!"

The crowd looked on as Joe and Orgun the orc strode onto the manicured grass of the combat area. Both were stripped to the waist, Joe's young masculine body with it's flawless pale skin contrasting with the large knobbly green torso of the orc.

"Let the contest commence!" Shouted the king's herald.

Joe struck a pose and danced around the orc looking for an opening to land a punch. Orgun watched his adversary closely, trying to guess from which direction he would attack.

"Come on Joe," whispered Esme, "you can do it."

As if he had heard her, Joe darted forward and landed a punch in Orgun's stomach. The orc gave a grunt of pain and swung his huge green fist wildly. Joe hopped away and ducked as the orc missed him completely.

"Well done Joe," said Esme as she watched the bout, her panties moistening at the sight of two fit males fighting.

Joe danced around the orc, punching him in the guts, the kidneys and the arms, but never reaching his head. Orgun swung his fists but failed to make contact at all.

"He is going to be killed!" Estella had cried when she saw her nephew take to the field against the huge orc, "oh the silly boy!"

"Fear not Estella!" said Cedric loudly, "for orcs are blundering creatures and young Joe looks as if he is very nimble on his feet."

Up until now, Cedric had been proved right, for Joe was indeed gaining the advantage and wearing the orc down. Then it happened, Orgun swung a right and his huge fist connected with Joe's left temple.

"Oooooooohhh!" Cried the crowd, wincing, as they watched Joe rise up into the air and land with a 'crump' on the grass.

"Oh no!" Cried Estella, "he has killed my poor Joe!"

The crowd watched in silence as Orgun knelt beside the prostrate Joe, lifted his head and gently tapped him on the cheek. A collective sigh of relief was heard as Joe groaned.

"Thank the gods!" Said Estella as she watched Orgun lift Joe up and sling him over his shoulder, "he is alive."

Orgun carried Joe to the room where the witches had been tending to the wounded and put him on the table.

"He good fighter," Orgun said to them, "but Orgun better."

"We will look after him," Magda told the orc, "you go and celebrate your win."

"Me just take this," said Orgun as he removed Esme's scarf from Joe's belt, "find out who I going to collect prize from."

The witches had tended to all the other wounded and Joe was their only remaining patient. They stood beside the table and looked him over.

"He is very handsome," said Margot as she stroked Joe's cheek, "I might just check in his breeches to see if he has been injured lower down."

"Leave him!" Said Magda in a stern voice, "you've had one today, now it's my turn."

"Very well," said Margot in a sulky voice, "you tend to this one, I'm going outside to watch the dancing."

Magda took some ointment from a jar and rubbed it on the bruise which had appeared on Joe's head. He opened his eyes and looked up at her.

"Ooh, hello," he said when he saw the beautiful young woman with the long wavy black hair and full red lips looking down at him.

"How do you feel?" Magda asked him.

"All the better for seeing you," he replied.

Magda leaned down and kissed him on the lips. Joe reached up and put his arm around her, pulling her down onto him. Magda pushed her tongue into his mouth, but controlling it, making sure it did not try and go down his throat.

As they kissed, Magda ran her hand over Joe's body. Joe responded by making little whimpering sounds. Magda climbed onto the table and straddled him, hiking her long black dress up to her waist as she did so.

Joe took his arm from around her, reached down and unlaced his breeches. Magda grabbed hold of them and wriggled them down, allowing his stiff cock to spring out and stand erect. Joe put his hand between her thighs and felt the gusset of her panties, which was soaking wet.

"Stay there," said Magda as she stopped kissing him and stood up.

"I'm not moving," replied Joe as he watched her pull her panties down, step out of them and throw them aside.

Magda lowered herself onto Joe's cock, moaning softly as she felt it fill her. Joe thrust upwards as she settled down on him, stuffing all he had in her.

"Oh, that feels so nice," she said quietly.

"Mmmm," agreed Joe.

Magda rolled her hips and Joe bucked his, both of them sighing and groaning with pleasure. Magda leaned forward and dug her nails into the smooth skin of Joe's chest. He gasped as he felt his skin tear, but the feeling of her hot tight cunt around his cock over-rode the feeling of pain.

"You like being in me, don't you?" She asked him.

"Yes," he replied, "I like being in you."

Magda arched her back and let out a long low moan as she felt herself coming. Her cunt began a series of violent contractions which squeezed Joe's cock, milking the semen from it.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Cried Joe as he spent himself in the hot young witch.

"Yessssss!" Cried Magda as she enjoyed the satisfying feeling of her orgasm.

"Oh fuck that hurts!" Cried Joe as he looked down to see her fingernails digging into the flesh of his chest.

"Too bad!" Cried Magda as she looked down at him, her contractions still happening, her fingers still grabbing him.

Eventually she calmed and took her fingers away. She leaned forward, stuck her long forked tongue out and began to lick up his blood. As soon as her tongue finished passing over each wound, it healed.

"There," she whispered, smiling at the man under her, and licking her lips with her blood stained tongue, "all better now."

"I must go and see if Esme is alright," said Joe, "I was her champion and I lost to that great big ugly orc."

"Oh dear," laughed Magda, "I hope she has some lube."

Luckily for her, Esme did indeed carry a small bottle of Marlock's jelly in her small elegant handbag. She knew from experience that she may be called upon at any time by her husband to use her body to settle his gambling debts.

"This yours?" Orgun asked her as he waved her scarf at her.

"Yes," she replied, a fuzzy feeling appearing in her tummy.

"Five gold coin," said orgun, holding out his hand, "I beat your champion, you owe me five gold coin."

"Here you are," said Horace, as he offered the orc some of his winnings from the card game.

"No, it's o.k. Horace," said Esme, pushing his hand back, "it's my debt and I shall settle it."

"Oh thank you gods!" Cried Ian the imp as he watched Esme take Orgun by the hand and lead him away.

Esme took Orgun inside the castle to a large sunlit room with a large table in the middle.

"Right," she said to the big ugly creature, "get those breeches off and get on that table."

"Oooh, bossy!" Said Orgun, smiling down at the slight figure of the woman he was about to ruin.

What Orgun did not notice was the ever growing crowd that was gathering to view the forthcoming event. The reason for Ian's thanks to the gods was that he was charging a small admission fee for people to come and watch and was worried that when Esme saw the orc close-up she would back out of their deal.

"You do have a large cock," Esme said to Orgun, who was naked, lying on his back on the table, legs drawn up and spread apart. "And those balls! Oh goodness!"

"They not bad, are they?" He replied.

Esme stood at the end of the table, wrapped the slender fingers of her right hand around Orgun's cockshaft and cupped his big green balls with her left.

"Oh my!" Said Esme, "my fingers do not even meet, your cock is so thick!"

"Hmmm," said Orgun, smiling broadly.

Esme moved her hand up Orgun's shaft to his foreskin, squeezed slightly and rolled it back to reveal his big green helmet which had a dewdrop of sticky pale green pre cum oozing out of the slit at the end.

"I wonder what that tastes like," she said as she leaned forward, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue.

"Oh the gods," whispered one of the onlookers, "I wish that was me on that table."

"Me too," whispered another.

Orgun let out a groan of delight as he felt the tip of Esme's tongue wriggling around on his jap's eye. Esme used her tongue to spread the orc's pre cum all over his cock head whilst gently stroking the shaft with her fingers and massaging his balls with her free hand.

"Is that nice?" She asked as she stood up and looked at him.

He grunted and nodded.

"Now for some lube," she said as she picked up the little bottle of blue jelly, removed the stopper and shook some out onto her fingers.

There was a collective gasp followed by a collective sigh as the crowd watched Esme push two fingers into Orgun's ass hole.

"Do you like that?" She asked.

"Oh yes," murmured Orgun, "me like that a lot."

"Do you want more?"

"Yes."

Esme withdrew her fingers, spread more of the lube on her hand and began to feed all four fingers and her thumb up the orc.

"Uuuuuuh!" Moaned one of the crowd as he came in his breeches.

As Esme pushed her fist further inside the orc, she continued to massage his cock, causing him to groan loudly and make an involuntary thrusting motion with his hips.

Most of the crowd had their cocks out by now and were wanking in time with Esme's hand. She looked around, smiled and sped up.

"Oh fuck!" Cried several males as they shot their loads onto the stone floor.

Esme slowed down, as did her fans.

"Orgun like this," the orc moaned, "Orgun coming."

"Oh shit!" Cried Esme as the orc climaxed.

It was as if someone had turned a hose pipe on. A stream of pale green viscous liquid shot from Orgun's big knobbly organ and slammed into Esme's face. Even though she reacted quickly, bending the squirting monster to one side, her face and hair were plastered in the orc's mess. As the orc came, so did the audience and within seconds the floor was covered in cum.

"She was holding it too straight," said one of the onlookers as he found his voice after having shot a huge load onto the floor.

"Yes, she should have pointed it up his chest," said another.

"Didn't pay attention," said a third.

"Yeah thanks," Esme called across, "it's a bit late to be giving advice now."

There was a collective laugh as the crowd beheld the blonde beauty with her left hand stuffed to the wrist up the orc's back passage and her other hand wiping green cum from her eyes and flicking it to the floor. The monster cock was still squirting cum which sprayed over Orgun's thigh, ran across the table top and dripped onto the floor.

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" Orgun kept grunting as his cock kept squirting.

Eventually the flow slowed and Orgun relaxed. Esme carefully withdrew her fist and looked around for something to wipe it on.

"Ugh!" Said one of the crowd, "her hand is covered in green stuff!"

"Probably grass or moss," said another, "orcs are vegetarian and their digestive system is not all that efficient."

Ian the imp took her a cloth and she wiped the cum from her face. Then she cleaned the green crap from her hand.

"I think they enjoyed that," Ian told her as they surveyed the crowd, all with their cocks out, all still dripping cum onto the floor.

"Well, I'm glad they did," said Esme, " 'cos I did not enjoy getting his mess on my face and in my hair."

"Go and clean yourself up," Ian told her, "we can settle up later."

The crowd parted to let Esme leave the room and then they started to put their cocks away and follow her out.

"That was nice," said Orgun as he lay on the table looking up to the ceiling, "Orgun want more of that."

"I bet you do," said Ian, "I bet you do."

The contests drew to a close and the people began to pack up and drift away to their homes. Joe returned to his aunt who was packing up the hamper, assisted by Jed.

"Ha!" Cried Cedric, slapping Joe on his back, "not too badly hurt by the green beast then!"

"No, sir," replied Joe as he stumbled from the force of the slap, "a witch attended me and I am fully recovered."

"Did you settle your loss?" Asked Estella.

"No Aunty, I could not find the orc to pay him. However, here is the money that you won."

Joe gave his aunt a small pouch containing her winnings.

"Well, you can't leave until the debt is settled," she said, taking the money form him and putting it in her bag, " I am leaving, you must find the orc and pay him his winnings."

"Will you be safe, going home on your own?"

"Fear not!" Boomed Cedric, "your aunt has kindly allowed me and my squire Jed to be her escorts."

"I am sure I shall not be molested on the road in the company of these two fine fellows."

Cedric winked at Joe, a wink which suggested that she may not be safe from molestation once home had been reached.

"Adieu then auntie," said Joe, "I shall return home once I have paid the orc."

A minute or so later, Joe waved them off, Cedric driving the cart with Estella sat beside him and Jed riding his mule, leading Cedric's charger by it's reins.

Esme had made her way to the laundry where large wooden tubs of hot water were housed. The room was empty as all the household staff were on holiday, watching the tournament, but the tubs were still filled and still hot.

Esme stripped off her dress, trying as best she could not to get any more orc cum on her. She dropped the sticky item of clothing into one of the tubs. She peeled her wet panties down her legs and dropped them in too.She could not decide which had aroused her more, watching the fighting or wanking the big green knobbly cock of the orc.

Esme put a stool next to one of the tubs, stepped onto it, lifted her leg over the side, pulled herself up onto the rim of the tub and slipped down into the hot water.

"Ooh, this feels nice," she said to herself as she stood in the tub, the water up to just below her boobs.

Esme noticed a bar of soap on the rim of the tub. She picked it up and worked up a lather in her hands. She washed her face, getting rid of the sticky orc cum from it. While she was there, she did her arm pits and scrubbed her arm, making sure the smelly green crap had all gone. She slipped the soap up her cunt a little way to wash out the juice she had generated when being aroused by the fighting and the wanking.

"Just my hair now," she said as she lathered her long blonde hair and worked the green cum out of it.

Esme submerged herself to rinse her hair. It felt good being in the water. It had been a good day, although it would have been even better if she had been able to get Joe's cock inside her.

"Ooh!" She said on a surprised voice when she emerged from the water.

Standing on the stool, looking down at her was Joe, a broad smile on his face.

"The imp said I might find you in here," Joe told her as he unlaced his breeches and pulled them off, "may I join you?"

"Yes," said Esme in an eager voice.

Joe lifted his leg over the side of the tub and lowered himself in. Esme went to him and they embraced, their open mouths meeting, their tongues wriggling around like two snakes dancing. Joe wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. She could feel his erection pressed against her tummy and new that she was generating juice in preparedness for penetration.

"The imp told me what happened," Joe said to her as he took his mouth from hers, "I would have not put you through that."

"Don't be silly," laughed Esme, "he was putty in my hands. Anyway, I quite like giving hand jobs."

"Do you want to give me one?"

"No. I want your cock inside me."

Joe reached under the water, took hold of his cock and held it still. Esme put her hands on his shoulders, lifted her legs, wrapped them around his waist and pulled herself onto him. They both sighed with delight as his cock slipped inside her with ease.

"That's nice," they said as one.

They resumed their kissing as Esme gently bounced herself against her lover, making little ripples in the water. They were blissfully unaware that they were being watched.

'The gods, she is a randy bitch,' Ian the imp thought to himself as he peeped over the side of the tub, 'I must get her husband in my debt again so I can do what that lucky young fellow is doing to her.'

"Oh Joe! Oh Joe! OH!" Cried Esme, throwing her head back and cumming hard on him.

"ESMEEEEE!" Shouted Joe as he pumped a huge load of spunk into her pulsing cunt.

'Fuck, she cums loud,' thought Ian as he looked on, 'I have to do her again, I really do.'

Esme disengaged herself from Joe and his flaccid cock slipped out of her, followed by several streamers of white goo that floated about in the water.

"We had better go back to the festival before we are missed," Esme told her beau, "but perhaps we can meet up again sometime."

"Yes," agreed Joe, "perhaps we can."

Ian slipped out of the laundry unseen, his cock stiff and his balls aching, as Joe and Esme climbed out of the tub to dry off and get dressed.

Meanwhile, Estella and her escort had reached her house.