 I told Estella about Devo the demon being released.

"Oh the gods!" She exclaimed, "that is terrible news! A demon on the loose! Oh no!"

Estella called her household together and told them the news, they all seemed quite perturbed at hearing that a demon was loose in the area.

"We must get word to Marlock the wizard," Estella told me, "run to his house and tell him the bad news."

By the time I got to the village I had turned back into a cat so I was unable to ask anyone exactly where the wizard lived. Fate, however, was on my side.

"Hello puss," said a young woman as she bent down and stroked my back, "where have you come from?"

I recognised her as Emma, one of the elf twins who ran the local tavern. I had covered her sister in green slimy cum when I had been an orc on a previous visit to the magical world.

'It's pointless me saying anything to her,' I thought to myself, so I just rubbed against her long grey dress and purred loudly.

She picked me up and carried me into the tavern, where her twin was sweeping the floor.

"Look Ellie," she said as she held me up to show me to her sister, "I have found this stray cat."

"Oh Emma, isn't he cute!" Said Ellie, "let's give him something to eat and see if he will stay."

"I am on an important mission," I told them, but as always......

I tucked into a bowl of milk and a nice piece of fish which took my mind from my original purpose. The gentle attention of the two beautiful young women added to my distraction and before long I was happily laying on the window sill sunning myself while they went about cleaning the tavern.

"Good afternoon ladies," said a wizened old man in a long black robe as he entered the tavern, "a jug of ale please."

"Coming up," said Emma as she held a jug to the tap in a barrel and opened it.

The old man sat on a stool and looked around as he waited to be served.

"Is Lizzie coming in today?" He asked as the jug was placed on the small table at which he sat.

"Did someone mention me?" Came a voice from behind the bar.

I looked over to see the head of a young female pixie come into view from behind the counter. 

'She looks exactly like Kaye,' I thought to myself.

"Come over here," said the old man, patting his knee, "and sit with me."

"Sure," said the pixie as she skipped across the room towards him.

The twins went back to their work and I stretched out on the window sill and relaxed in the sunshine which cascaded through the glass.

"Marlock has a silver coin for you," I heard the old man tell the pixie, "what have you got for him?"

"A cunt all nice and wet," I heard her reply, "or would he prefer my ass?"

My ears pricked up at the sound of his name, the wrinkly old man was the wizard I had been sent to find and tell about the demon.

"Let me feel how wet that cunt is," Marlock said to the pixie as he put his hand under her short blue dress and tugged on her little blue panties.

I had important news to impart to the wizard but felt it prudent not to interrupt him when he was about to molest the blue pixie sitting on his lap. I decided to watch and wait, my news could keep for a few minutes longer.

Lizzie helped Marlock wriggle her panties down over her thighs, down her legs and off. She spread her legs slightly, allowing his thin, bony hand to gain access to her. She let out a little giggle as his bony forefinger worked it's way inside her.

"My goodness," the wizard said softly, "that is a wet cunt. What have you been doing behind that counter?"

"Getting ready for you, of course," Lizzie laughed in reply.

'What is it with wizards and blue pixies?' I thought to myself as I watched Marlock shove his finger in and out of Lizzie's love-hole.

Just then two more characters entered the tavern. I looked over to see a tall, well-built man in his forties wearing a chain mail tunic and leather breeches stride into the tavern accompanied by a younger, more slightly built attendant.

"Ale!" The older man called, "I am Sir Cedric Cedar. My squire and I have travelled far and are in need of sustenance."

Emma began to fill two jugs, as she did so, the two men looked around.

"Ha!" Cedric called out to Marlock, "I see you are enjoying the delights of that young pixie, rumour has it that the blue ones are always wet and willing."

"Only if they are paid," replied Marlock, "and this one has been paid."

"Will you be fucking her in her cunt or her ass?" Enquired the younger man.

"Her cunt."

"Ha!" Cried Cedric. He turned to his companion, "then I shall purchase her ass for you Jed."

"Thank you my lord," said the younger man.

We watched as Marlock took his finger from Lizzie and she stood up. The old wizard climbed onto the nearest large table, lay on his back and pulled his robe open. His bright pink bony old cock stuck up from his straggly grey pubic bush like a large crooked finger, only this finger was dribbling clear liquid from a hole in it's tip.

Lizzie climbed onto the table, stood astride Marlock, held her dress up to her waist and carefully lowered herself onto him. We all looked on as the wizard's cock disappeared inside the blue pixie.

"Ha!" Cried Cedric from the bar, "she takes cock well!"

Marlock put his hands on Lizzie's shoulders and pulled her down onto him. She let go of her dress and put her hands on the wizard's skinny chest, gripping the straggly grey hair that covered it. Jed went over and lifted her dress, exposing her rear end.

"Look my lord," he said to his master, "her ass is ready for the taking."

"Wizard," said Cedric, "will you allow my squire to avail himself of the pixie's ass whilst you are still inside her?"

"Be my guest," replied Marlock.

"Two of silver for my ass," said Lizzie as she writhed around on Marlock.

"Ha!" Cried Cedric, "well said young lady. Two of silver it shall be!"

With that, he slapped two silver coins on the bar.

Jed quickly stripped off his boots and breeches, exposing a good-sized cock which had become stiff in anticipation of where it was about to be put. He climbed onto the table and knelt behind Lizzie. Marlock spread his spindly old legs as far apart as he could and Jed shuffled into position.

"Hang on a second," said Emma as she crossed the room, scooping some of Marlock's jelly out of a jar with her fingers, "just let me put this on her."

Jed held his cock to one side to allow Emma to apply some of the lubricant to Lizzie's puckered ring.

"Put some on me," he said to her, holding his cock up.

Emma gently rubbed some of the blue jelly over Jed's exposed glans, causing him to emit a groan of lust. Jed's master also moaned softly as he watched the elf run her finely sculptured fingers over his squire's cock. I watched with baited breath as Jed held his cock to Lizzie's ass hole and then gently push forward, forcing it's shiny purple head inside her.

"Oooooh!" Cried Lizzie as she felt Jed's cock push her ass open.

"Oh yes!" Cried Jed as he felt the pixie's back passage squeeze his cock.

"Oh the gods!" Cried Marlock as he felt the young man's cock through the fleshy membrane that separated it from his and Lizzie's fingers dig into his chest.

Jed began to fuck Lizzie in her ass, gently at first, but building up speed and ferocity as he became more and more aroused.

"Ha!" Cried Cedric, "my squire fucks like a stallion! Can you feel him, wizard?"

"Oh yes," moaned Marlock, "I can feel him alright."

"How about you, young lady?" Cedric asked Lizzie, "do you like my squire fucking you up the arse?"

"It's, it's stretching me," she replied breathlessly, "but it feels nice."

"Aaaaaaah!" Exclaimed Marlock, "I'm cumming!"

"UHHHH!" Exclaimed Jed.

Jed stopped his frenzied thrusting and knelt still. It was obvious to all that he was emptying his balls into the pixie's back passage. Marlock had his eyes closed and I could see his stick-like legs twitching as he too emptied his sacs.

"Oh the gods!" Cried Lizzie as she felt herself having both holes filled to overflowing by the males inside her, "I can't take all that!"

My balls were fizzing fit to burst as I watched the double penetration of the pixie take place and sir Cedric looked as if he might cum in his breeches at any second.

"You look in need of release, Sir Cedric," Said Emma as she noticed his reddening face and shortness of breath, "eight groats will get you a blow-job from my sister."

Cedric did not reply, he merely put his hand in his pocket and pulled out the coins necessary to receive the relief he craved.

"Ellie!" Emma called out, "come here please!"

Ellie came into the bar from the back room and Emma pointed to Cedric and mimed taking a cock in her mouth. Ellie looked up to the ceiling and shook her head slightly. Emma put her hand on her sister's shoulder and pushed her towards Cedric.

"If I must," said Ellie in a resigned tone.

Cedric stood to attention, his back to the bar as Ellie knelt in front of him and unlaced his breeches. He let out a sigh of relief as his large stiff cock was released from the confines of the leather and it sprang out to stand proudly in front of him.

"Oh!" Exclaimed the knight as he felt the elf put her lips around his member and begin to move her mouth up and down it's shaft.

'My balls are gonna burst if I watch much more of this,' I thought to myself as I watched Ellie give Cedric what, by the look on his face, was the best blow-job he had ever experienced.

Ellie moved her head back and forth as she sucked on Cedric's cock. Cedric stretched out his arms, grabbed hold of the counter top, threw his head back and groaned loudly as he approached the finish.

"My sister is good at that, isn't she?" Emma asked Marlock as she saw him staring intently at what was happening.

"I think I might have her in preference to Lizzie on my next visit," the randy old wizard replied.

"Good," said Lizzie in a petulant tone, "my poor little pussy needs a rest."

Marlock laughed gently at her words and we all smiled at the sight of her waddling off, panties stuffed between her legs to keep the men's mess from falling out of her and onto the floor.

"OH THE FUCKING GODS!!!" Shouted Cedric, obviously coming.

Cedric's hips bucked, his fingers dug into the counter top, his face went an even brighter shade of red and a series of grunts emanated from his mouth as he ejaculated. Ellie's eyes widened and she stopped moving her head as she received what was probably a huge load in her mouth.

"Be careful my master doesn't choke you," Jed called across to her, "he does produce a lot of cum."

I could see her swallowing repeatedly, trying to keep up with what was being squirted into her mouth. Eventually Cedric stopped grunting and Ellie stopped swallowing. She pulled away from him and stood up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.

"I thought I might drown, there was so much of it," she told us, "this man is not normal, no man produces that much cum."

"Ha!" Exclaimed Cedric, "I am somewhat special, aren't I?"

Having watched the males in the room satisfied, I decided to try and get Marlock's attention. I jumped down from the window sill, ran over to him, dug my claws into his robe and miaowed as loudly as I could.

"I think someone wants to tell you something," laughed Emma as she saw me ripping the wizard's robe with my claws.

"Hmm," said Marlock, "perhaps he does. I shall just try this on him."

Marlock produced a small phial from his pocket, removed the stopper and tossed it's contents into the air. I stood under the cloud of dust and let it fall over me. There was a flash, a bang and I was back as Percy.

"The gods!" Exclaimed Cedric, "you have turned that cat into a young knave and a handsome one at that!"

"He has turned me back into my normal self," I explained to the loud knight, "it was Werlock the wizard who turned me from a man into a cat."

"You must have annoyed him for him to do that," said Marlock.

"More importantly," I said to Marlock, "I have something to tell you."

The wizard, the knight and the others in the tavern were shocked by my news. It seemed that demons were pretty destructive creatures and letting one loose was a pretty serious matter. My state of undress and the semi-erection I was carrying did not seem to worry them at all.

"You must lead me to this Devo character," said Cedric, "I shall put him to death and rid the magical kingdom of the threat to it's peace and tranquility."

"Good luck with that, mate," I heard Marlock utter under his breath.

"But sire," put in Jed, "we must be in Colinston for the tournament tomorrow."

"Oh yes," said the knight in a quieter voice, "we shall postpone our hunt for the demon for a day."

"Do you think you can remember which way the demon went?" Asked Marlock.

"Yes," I replied.

"Ha!" Cried Cedric, "well done cat person! Meet us back here the day after tomorrow and you can show Jed and I in which direction we need to go to find the evil Devo."

"The name's Percy."

"Not Devo then?"

"No, my name is Percy!"

"Ha! Of course! Well done young Percy! You may lead us to the demon and I will slay it!"

I left the tavern and went back to Estella's house. By the time I reached it I was a cat again.

"The cat's back," said Rosie to Cook as she poured some milk into a dish and put it down for me, "I wonder where he has been."

"Don't know, don't care," answered Cook in a miserable tone.

'What's up with him?' I thought to myself as I lapped up the milk.

I went up to Estella's room to look for her.

"There you are," she said to me as she took a pinch of the dust between her thumb and forefinger, "now, what have you got to tell me?"

She threw the dust into the air and I stood and let it fall over me. Flash, bang and I was back as a man.

"I found the wizard and told him about the demon. A knight said that he would find the demon and kill it," I told her.

"Good," she replied, "now get over here and let me feel that tongue on me."

I had been hoping that she would be in an amorous mood because I was still carrying a pair of turgid balls and a semi-erect penis from having watched the goings on in the tavern. 

"Good boy," Estella whispered as I put my tongue to her slit, "let me feel that raspy tongue on my pussy."

I licked her out carefully, building her climax slowly, taking my time finding her clitoris, licking gently.

"Harder," she whispered, "lick me harder."

I put more pressure on her clit with the tip of my tongue, flicking it and pressing it. She writhed around on the bed, moaning softly, her hands on my head, pushing my face into her warm hairy snatch.

"Oh Percy! Oh the gods!" She cried out after a couple of minutes of my oral attention.

True to form, she squirted a copious amount of female ejaculate over my chin and onto the eiderdown on which she was lying. As soon as she stopped wriggling around and released my head from her grip I got my face out from between her thighs and climbed on top of her.

"Oh," she said, smiling at me as I covered her, "not waiting for an invitation then?"

"Oh Stell," I said as I slipped my now very stiff cock inside her, "you have no idea how much I need to put myself inside you."

She merely laughed and let me fuck her.

It was over pretty quickly. I had been brought pretty close to coming just by the sound of her having her orgasm and the feel of her tight wet cunt around my cock finished me off. I let out a long low moan of lust as I felt my throbbing cock spew my spunk out, emptying my balls in a series of pulses.

"My goodness Percy!" She laughed as she felt me coming in her, "that was the quickest fuck ever! You really needed that, didn't you?"

"Yes, mistress," I replied, "thank you mistress."

I climbed off of her and sat on the bed next to her, wondering how long it would be before I was a cat again.

"I have no more of that powder," she told me, "but I can get more from Margot the witch when I see her at the tournament tomorrow."

'I think I might tag along to that,' I thought to myself as I felt my body begin to change.