 Nina awoke with a smile on her face and a warm feeling inside. She turned her head to see the beautiful blonde asleep next to her and thought back to the previous evening.

"Come with me," the young woman had told her as she led Nina through the passageways and up the stairs of the castle, "I want you to meet Ruby."

The blonde led Nina into a large, well furnished room with a very big bed in the middle of it. 

"Ruby!" The blonde called, "I have brought someone to meet you!"

A door opened at the other side of the room and a brunette, probably the same age as the blonde, walked into the room. A smile appeared on the brunette's face when she saw Nina.

"Oh Beccy!" The brunette exclaimed, "she is lovely! What is her name?"

"What is your name?" The blonde asked Nina.

"Morag," replied Nina, "Morag the witch."

Both of the young women gasped in surprise and looked Nina up and down intensely.

"No! I can't believe it!" Cried the blonde, "Morag is a wizened old crone, you cannot be her!"

"Magic dust," replied Nina, "I have magic dust which makes me younger."

"But then you must know who we are," said the blonde.

Nina had to think of something to say in answer to the blonde as she had no idea who these two young women were.

"Memory loss," she said, unconvincingly, "yes, that's it, one of the side effects of the magic dust is that it causes memory loss."

"Oh," said the blonde, "in that case I had better introduce myself to you. I am the princess Rebbeka and this is my maid, Ruby."

"Your highness," Nina said to Rebbeka, curtsying as she did so, "it is an honour to be invited to your quarters."

"Oh don't be so formal," laughed Rebbeka, "and call me Beccy."

"Are we going to have her?" Asked Ruby, "she is very pretty. Look at those beautiful red lips and that lovely long wavy black hair."

"Ruby likes to run her hands through my hair," Rebbeka told Nina, "she likes to run her hands all over me."

Butterflies began to flutter around in Nina's tummy as she realised that the two younger women wanted to have her for their pleasure.

"Stand still and let Ruby undress you," Rebbeka told Nina, "she likes to do that too."

Nina did as she was told and let Ruby unbutton her robe. Once that was on the floor her bra was undone and slipped off. Ruby knelt down behind Nina, took hold of her black lacy panties and wriggled them down over her ass cheeks and down her long smooth legs to her ankles. Nina lifted her feet one at a time to allow Ruby to take her panties away.

"Oh Ruby," Rebbeka said in a soft voice, "she is so beautiful."

"Yes," replied Ruby as she ran her hands up and down Nina's legs, "she is."

Rebbeka moved close to Nina and kissed her softly on her lips. Nina opened her mouth slightly to allow Rebbeka's tongue into it. Both she and Rebbeka moaned softly as they kissed, their tongues dancing around together. Nina felt Ruby planting little kisses all over her shoulder blades and back and gently rubbing her flanks.

"I think we should get undressed now," said Rebbeka as she took her mouth from Nina's.

Nina nodded emphatically in agreement.

"Go and lay on the bed," Rebbeka told her.

Nina did as she was told and climbed onto what must have been the biggest, softest bed she had ever experienced. She propped herself up on one elbow and watched as Rebbeka and Ruby removed each other's clothes.

'I have never done anything like this before,' Nina thought to herself, 'but I am sure I am going to enjoy this a lot.'

Rebbeka and Ruby kissed each other and touched each other, putting on a little display for Nina's benefit. Nina felt herself become wet as she watched Rebbeka slip a finger inside Ruby.

'I want her to do that to me,' she thought to herself.

"Oh Beccy!" Cried Ruby as her mistress finger-fucked her, "you are so good at this!"

"You mustn't come yet," said Rebbeka as she took her finger out of her maid, "our guest must come first."

The butterflies turned into a swarm of bees as Nina's insides started to fizz when she heard Rebbeka's words.

"Do you think we are pretty?" Rebbeka asked as she climbed onto the bed and knelt next to Nina.

Nina nodded dumbly in reply, her throat as dry as her cunt was wet.

Ruby climbed onto the bed and knelt on Nina's other side. Both young women leaned down and each took one of Nina's nipples in her mouth. Nina let out a long low moan of absolute pleasure as she felt two pairs of lips part and the tips of two tongues wriggle around on her nips. Rebbeka and Ruby raised their eyes to look at each other and winked, tonight was going to be a good night.

Nina lay still and let them do as they would to her. She felt lips kiss her all over, tongues lick her all over and fingers caress her all over. Ruby ran her fingers through Nina's long wavy black hair while Rebbeka stroked her curly black pubic hair. Ruby kissed her behind the ear and on her neck while Rebbeka kissed her on her tummy and down to her puffy pink labia.

"Make her come," Ruby told Rebbeka, "make her come like you make me come."

Nina gasped as she felt Rebbeka's tongue on her clitoris and then she let out a sigh as she felt that tongue flick and press, stimulating her clit, bringing her off.

"Oh the gods!" Nina cried after a minute or so of Rebbeka's oral ministrations, "oh fucking hell!"

Nina's body bucked and twisted as her hips moved uncontrollably, her vagina squirted a vast amount of liquid and her insides went into a series of convulsions the like of which she had never felt before.

"I think she likes it," laughed Ruby as she watched Nina writhe and shake.

Eventually Nina calmed down and Rebbeka got up from between her legs, her face dripping with cunt juice.

"Was that nice?" Rebbeka asked.

Nina could not reply, she just sighed and smiled the broadest smile that had ever been smiled.

"Is it true that witches have very long forked tongues?" Ruby asked Nina.

"Well,it's certainly forked," said Rebbeka, "and it felt very nice having it wriggling around in my mouth."

"Lay on your back and open your legs," Nina said to Ruby, "and you shall find out."

Ruby giggled as she did as she had been told. Nina got between her outspread legs and put her face to Ruby's slit, which was glistening with the juice which she had been producing whilst Rebbeka's finger had been in her. Nina poked her tongue out and pushed Ruby's outer lips apart, wriggling it into her. Nina was somewhat shocked to find that her tongue kept getting longer, pushing further inside Ruby.

"Ooooh!" Cried ruby as she felt Nina's tongue go deep inside her.

"What is it like Ruby?" Asked Rebbeka as she watched her maid having her vagina filled by the witch's tongue.

"It's strange," replied Ruby, "strange but at the same time it feels wonderful."

Nina flicked her tongue over Ruby's innards, it was as if the tongue had a mind of it's own and was seeking something out.

"Oh the gods!" Cried ruby, "that is so good! Oh, oh, oh."

Nina withdrew her tongue and wrapped the two tips of it's fork around Ruby's clitoris. She wriggled Ruby's clit, causing her to let out a squeak of delight and squirt all over Nina's chin.

"OOOOOOHHHH!!" Shouted Ruby in a very high pitch as she had a very intense orgasm.

Nina took her tongue from Ruby's clit and sat up. Rebbeka handed her a cotton cloth with which she wiped Ruby's juice from her chin.

"Now me," said Rebbeka as she climbed onto the bed and lay next to her maid.

Nina did to the princess exactly what she had done to the maid and the princess reacted in exactly the same way, squealing with delight and squirting copiously. Once satisfied, Rebbeka curled up next to Ruby, who was already drowsy and drifted off to sleep. Nina lay down beside them and she too fell asleep.

Nina put her hand out to stroke Rebbeka's long blonde hair. She let out a gasp of horror as she saw that it was no longer the beautiful young hand that it had been previously, but the crooked, bony hand of an old witch.

'The spell has worn off,' she thought to herself, 'I must use that powder again.'

Nina slipped out of bed and went to her clothes. She noticed that they too had reverted back to being the garments that she had been wearing when she had emerged from the oak. Nina picked up the scruffy black old robe, found it's pocket and put her hand in, hoping to find a bottle of the powder.

'Oh fuck!' She exclaimed silently, 'nothing.'

Nina put the robe on, slipped her scruffy black leather slippers on and slipped out of Rebbeka's room.

"Mistress Morag!" Nina heard a voice call, "this way please."

Nina had been wandering around the corridors and passageways of the castle, hoping to find Magda. Nina turned to see who had called her and recognised Pip immediately. She followed the young man down some stairs and into a bright sunlit room with a door opening out onto a small level field with seating around it.

"Good morning Rag," said Magda, who was already in the room, "this is the infirmary."

The magical effects of the powder had worn off on Magda too, she was also old and wizened and bent.

"Do you have more of the dust?" Nina asked her.

Magda merely shook her head in reply and Nina looked sadly at her.

"How was your night?" Nina asked.

Magda cackled loudly, winked and licked her lips. Nina understood.

Queen Gwen entered the room and the two witches curtsied to her.

"Anyone injured during the tournament will be brought in here for you to make well again," she told them, "perform your duties well and you will be well rewarded."

"Yes, your majesty," they replied.

The tournament began.