 Elizabeth here: This is Ch.02 of The Downhill Fey Forest. Read the first part if you haven't already. I hope you enjoy it: happy reading!

~~~~~ ~~~~~

The sun was setting, the forest was darkening, and Alban's legs were still covered in honey and his own cum. He needed to find a place to clean himself, so he trekked deeper down the slope in search of water. Hopefully, Snowdrop and Sundrop would stop following him.

He could stave off sleep for now, but he wondered how long that gas-induced nap from half an hour ago would last him. Could he stay up all night and keep walking nonstop? And if so, would it even matter? He hoped both were the case, and that the fairies had lied about him being trapped. If so, he could break out of this forest, and reach Elagwyn's palace in Rosenia before he needed to sleep. At least food wasn't a problem. He had plenty of rations, and a canteen of water: not enough to wash with, though.

He paused, and decided to try something to check if the fairies might have been right. He turned around and decided to go uphill for a minute, to see if he could really only go downhill. The terrain was normal for a minute, but then he pushed aside some foliage: there was another downhill slope behind that, and he was now standing on the peak of a hill where there was none before. So, he really could only go downhill. But, he held out hope; maybe if he just kept going in one direction, he could escape somehow. He turned back around and kept going West.

The forest grew quieter as he trekked down the slope. Alban found it harder and harder to see as the sky darkened, and almost tripped a few times while going downhill. Although the honey and cum were slowly drying, they were still a nuisance, and felt awful.

Just as it became almost impossible to see, Alban opened his backpack. He filled a glass lantern with oil and lit it. He kept travelling forward, now with a dim source of light. Another half hour passed, and the terrain leveled out again. What was waiting ahead? Alban trekked forward.

This part of the forest had more flowers than normal, and the air was dark, still, and quiet. The tulips looked a fair bit bigger than normal, and so did some of the other flowers. The air smelled sweet, but not in a dangerous way like earlier. Thankfully, none of those white, gas-emitting flowers--dreambulbs, did she call them?--were around.

The trees started to thin out, and more flowers replaced them. Alban could see the stars above him, and a tiny sliver of a moon. Then he started to see the giant flowers. They were all kinds of species, and overpowered the surrounding flowers with their sweet scents. There was a person-sized red tulip bulb sticking out of the ground, an elephant sized bush of massive, blue hydrangea, and a white and purple pansy with a thick, knee-high stem and a table-sized flower.

Alban was suspicious of the large flowers, and trekked onward. He thought they might lash out at him and catch him in their petals. But, they would have been a beautiful sight in the daytime, and if he weren't so afraid of them.

He trekked onward. But soon, he heard a faint, muffled snoring sound coming from ahead and to the left. Alban paused. Was it a good idea to investigate? He crept forward: after peering around a giant orchid, he saw that the sound was coming from the inside of a four foot tall tulip bulb, surrounded by yellow daffodils. The tulip was dark red, almost as wide as it was tall, had no stem between it and the ground, and seemed to sag under the weight of something inside. This something was making the snoring sound.

Now that he was closer, the snoring sounded a bit like a girl was in there. Did he dare peer inside? Maybe if there was someone friendly in there, he could ask for directions, or for a way out. But, if it were some kind of murderous fey creature...

It was sleeping, so Alban figured there was no risk in a quick peek. One peek, a quick decision on whether it looked like it would murder him or not, and then he'd choose to talk or flee. He slowly crept towards the tulip bulb, stepping around the little daffodils. He dimmed his lantern and kept it low to the ground for now.

He reached the edge of the four foot high bulb, and peered over the top. It was too dark to see the snoring thing inside, so he raised his lantern. Inside the tulip bulb was... a thick, translucent blue liquid, gently vibrating whenever it snored. It looked almost like jelly in consistency; slime was a better term for the liquid. Was there something in it? Alban raised his lantern a little higher for a better look. Light shone into it. No, it was just the blue slime inside.

The liquid's snoring heightened for a moment, then stopped. A cute, but groggy female voice spoke from it. "Huh?" it said. Alban took a step back. The blue slime quivered for a moment, and something began to rise out of it. Alban took a few more steps back for good measure, and kept his lantern fixated on it as a woman's head and shoulders, made entirely of the blue slime, peeked above the lip of the tulip. The tulip shook and sagged a little with her movements, but held firm. Her hair was made of thick, blue tendrils of goo, and her face was round and cute. But, she looked groggy and tired.

"Wha--? Who are... It's, like, two in the morning, man," she stuttered out, groggy from sleep.

"Who are you?" Alban asked.

"Sleepy," she said.

"I mean your name."

"No, that's, like, my name. They call me Sleepy. Sleepy the slime. Because it flows nice, and I really like to sleep in. Not that you'd know it, since, like, everyone's asleep right now. Man, do you know what time it is? I gotta get up at one in the afternoon tomorrow."

"Eleven, I think?"

"P.M.?" Sleepy asked.

Alban pointed up at the sky. "Yeah."

"Oh. Well, this is why I sleep a lot. So I can get extra sleep in case someone wakes me up. Who are you, and..." Sleepy looked down, and perked up a little. "Whoa, what happened to your pants?"

"I'm Alban, I don't know where I am, and fairies did horrible things to me. I've been wandering around for eleven hours now, and I want to get out of this forest."

"Oh. Yeah, that'll happen. Fairies are dicks to travellers. Lemme guess, honey pit, and, uh, something else? I'm really curious about that smaller stain."

"There was a honey pit, and then dreambulbs, and a, uh... humiliating wet dream."

Sleepy's eyes widened. "Oh. I've never seen a fairy use dreambulbs for that, but it sounds like something they'd do. Yeah, dreambulbs react to finger snaps, and if you find someone sleeping because of one, you can influence their dreams by talking to them."

Alban laughed. "Good to know, but I wish I knew that sooner," he said, gesturing to his ruined pants.

"Hey, um, I think I can actually help with the mess, since I do people's laundry as a day job. But, I can clean the rest of you too, not just your clothes. Want me to clean you up? I can get all the sticky stuff out, and the dirt and sweat too."

Alban didn't expect the offer. He was curious. "How exactly do you do it?" he asked.

"I do it with my own body," she said. "Come on in!" She lifted a gooey arm up and pushed down on the top of the closest petal to Alban, inviting him inside.

"Are you sure?" he asked. She seemed genuinely friendly, but it was weird.

"Never met a slime? Worried that I might eat you or something?"

"A little bit."

"Well, don't worry, I can't eat you even if I try. I can only digest liquids and congealed stuff, like honey. I clean up dirt by just scrubbing it out and expelling it. I'm really good at it, which is why I have so much spare time to sleep. And, are those fairies still after you?"

"I think so."

"Hmm, maybe you can just sleep in here with me! Fairies respect me since I do their laundry, so you'll be safe here with me. This flower has plenty of room, and it's super sturdy."

That was appealing: protection from those goddamned fairies. Even more appealing than the idea of having his pants cleaned. And, whether he was trapped or not, he had time for sleep. If he slept now, he could leave at dawn, and reach Elagwyn's palace at sundown the next day, assuming he could leave the forest. And if he really was trapped, time wouldn't matter anyway. He held out hope that it was the former.

Alban made up his mind and took a few steps towards the tulip. Sleepy pushed down on the edge of the tulip with both of her arms, bending it downwards so that Alban could step inside more easily. Now that he was closer, he could see her whole body; there was a big, deep puddle of blue slime at the bottom of the tulip, and Sleepy's torso rose out of it. Everything from the waist up was a gooey, translucent human woman, though her large breasts were entirely smooth and lacked nipples. Alban wondered whether she counted as naked or not as he set his backpack next to the tulip and raised his leg to step inside.

"Just have a seat right here," Sleepy said, gesturing to the two foot deep puddle of her own goo. Alban's right leg stepped into the warm goo; it was like stepping into the honey pit, but slippery instead of sticky, and not as deep. A lovely, warm temperature, too. And, unlike the honey, she seemed entirely odorless: there was just the ambient scent of the nearby flowers and the drying honey on his legs.

Alban lowered the rest of his legs into the goo and sat across from where Sleepy's torso was positioned. He hung his lantern on the inside edge of the tulip. There was just enough leg room to fit comfortably within the tulip, and after sitting with his back to the sturdy side of the tulip, the warm, slick goo was up to his chest, and his arms were submerged. Her gooey warmth was comfortable; the most comfortable he had felt for the entire journey. Sitting down in here after walking for nearly eleven hours straight with only minor breaks felt wonderful.

"Mmmm. So sweet, and also a bit... Feeling comfortable?" Sleepy said.

"Yeah," Alban said.

"Just relax," she said, and her humanoid parts shifted across the goo puddle towards Alban. With him partly submerged, her head was slightly higher than his, and her breasts were at his eye level. "I'll clean you up. All the grime, honey, cum, sweat..."

Alban felt the slime around his body start to soak through his clothes, and shift and swirl around his body. It was like being wiped down all over his body by soft, gentle, oiled hands. The sensation was fairly arousing. Her slime slowly churned on the surface from the movements below, and he saw particles of dirt and debris being lifted from his clothes and into Sleepy's body. He saw stuck-on leaves and dirt float towards the edge of the tulip, and get pushed out through little gaps in the petals. The light was too dim to see what was going on with the liquids, though.

Sleepy smiled. "Mmmm, good stuff," she said. "Dirt's tasteless to me, but these other liquids... Here, it would be rude to leave your upper body unwashed." She brought her slimy hands towards Alban's upper chest. Her hands soaked through his clothing, and she gently rubbed his chest while her goo churned deeper down in the puddle. Alban's groin stirred from the wonderful, gooey sensations all over his body.

Alban closed his eyes as Sleepy's hands ran across his chest and around to his back, cleaning both him and his clothes while relaxing his body. His muscles began to grow limp and relaxed. Her hands reached up around his shoulders and upper arms, gently massaging them, then they moved up to his neck.

Alban opened his eyes for a peek: more dirt was being lifted from his body, and the slick, slippery sensation of the goo against his legs was getting stronger, likely because the coating of honey and cum was being washed away. And, Sleepy's breasts were hanging right in front of him as she leaned forward to massage his neck. He felt his cock slowly start to perk up with arousal.

"Mmm, seriously, thanks, these stains are a great midnight snack. Best in a while."

Alban nodded. His arousal was climbing, and his cock was lengthening. And as the surface area of his cock grew, more of the churning goo was rubbing against it, arousing him more and more in a wonderful yet slightly embarrassing feedback loop.

"And, um, don't worry about your erection, I really don't mind. I'll try and, uh, not brush against it too much." The churning goo around Alban's groin slowed down. It still flowed through his underwear, but not as much. Reassured that Sleepy didn't mind, he was able to relax more easily.

Alban became aware of how strange this was. Chest-deep in a slime girl's body, being massaged, having his cum slurped up, and all after getting humiliated twice in a row by annoying fairies. The Fey Forest was weird, to be sure.

"You're looking a lot cleaner down below; there's just a little bit of cum and honey left, and that's it down there. Here, let me get your face," Sleepy said. Alban closed his eyes, and Sleepy rubbed her hands across his bare chin, his cheeks, the bridge of his nose, and his forehead, wiping them clean. Her hands then sifted through his hair, cleaning it as well. Having his scalp massaged from front to back felt oddly wonderful. When that was finished, her hands took one last detour to his ears, wiping up their outsides as well.

Sleepy took her hands off Alban, and spoke. "And, just a few last bits of congealed honey, and... there we go, done!" Alban opened his eyes as the goo around him stopped churning and grew still. He reached down to his legs: yes, they were free of sticky substances. And debris, too; it had all been washed out of his clothes and out of the tulip.

"So, feel better?" Sleepy asked.

"Yeah," Alban said. "Thanks," he said.

"Happy to help," she said. "Hey, um, I need to ask you something that's sort of embarrassing..."

"What is it?"

"Okay, so, um, the forest is inhabited by, like, 99% girls, and I've never tasted cum before, and... okay, yeah, even though it was sort of congealed and a little dry, it was really good! It's okay if you don't want to, but can I, um, have a taste of the fresh stuff?"

Alban thought about it. He didn't really know her, and it was a weird request, but those were the only two arguments against it. And, she used her body to clean him and his clothing, and she was going to give him a safe place to rest, so clearly, they were already intimate, and the first argument didn't apply. And, in context, it wasn't all that weird of a thing to ask for; she did already drink his cum. So why not let her do it again? It wouldn't hurt.

Alban spoke. "Go ahead, I don't mind."

Sleepy seemed relieved. "Really? Thanks! Lemme just get my goo shifted around again..." Alban began to feel currents around his groin. He looked down, and saw his pants being unbuckled. The slime inside his clothes started to tug on his cock, pulling it out of his pants as she opened them. Alban was fully erect, and his hard, throbbing cock was pulled out, now fully exposed, and pointing up in Sleepy's slime.

He felt her slime slowly start to squeeze every inch of his cock: again, like it was being gripped by soft, oiled hands. However, this was stronger than her cleaning massage; he felt the slime press firmly into the sensitive skin of his cock, gripping it and holding it in place. Her goo slowly started to slide back and forth against his cock, like it was being pushed in and out of a warm, slick opening; not quite like any opening a human had, but still slick and lovely. His arousal climbed as she stroked him back and forth in the slick, firm grip of her body.

"Does it feel good?" Sleepy said.

"Yeah," Alban said. It did: enjoying something safe, lovely, intimate, and very real with her was a wonderful contrast to the events of that afternoon. And unlike before, it wasn't a dream and there was no suspicious medical pretense to it: she wanted a late night snack, and he was happy to oblige. A simple, lovely end to his day.

Her goo found a wonderful rhythm, and kept stroking his hard, throbbing cock. Alban's heartbeat quickened, and a tiny drop of precum emerged from the tip of his cock. As soon as the little drop emerged, it dispersed into Sleepy's body.

"Mmm, lovely," Sleepy said. "Come on, closer and closer, let it all out..."

Sleepy quickened her movements, and Alban's cock throbbed in pleasure. She tightened her grip, making every stroke more and more arousing, sending him closer and closer to orgasm. Alban was getting close. It felt wonderful to just sit here, inside of Sleepy's goo, being brought to climax.

He was almost there: almost ready to come. The burning pleasure in his cock was coming to a boil. Just a few more tight, slippery strokes. Another stroke. Closer to the edge. Then another. Almost there. Alban stifled a happy sigh. Then one last stroke, and the erotic heat within his cock spiraled out of control and sent him into a wonderful orgasm. His cock twitched and spurted, shooting jet after jet of hot, white cum into Sleepy's warm body. Alban saw the strands shoot into her, and hang suspended in her translucent form. She let out a happy moan, enamoured with the taste.

"So good," she said. Alban's cock kept twitching and he kept coming as she kept squeezing and stroking him, milking out every last drop from the orgasm. The jets of cum started to dwindle down in strength and frequency, and Alban's cock slowly began to calm down. Hot pleasure was replaced by warm relaxation and happy bliss.

Alban's orgasm subsided, and the flow of cum stopped, as did Sleepy's movements against Alban's cock. The pressure lightened up around it. She looked happy, enjoying herself as the white strands dispersed into her body.

"Wow, it's even better fresh," she said, and she took her hand off Alban's head. "Thanks." Sleepy tugged Alban's cock back into his pants, then she rebuckled them. "Hmm, if I jerked you off, and you gave me a meal, and we're going to fall sleep together, does that mean we're dating?"

"Maybe just until morning?" Alban replied.

"Got it," Sleepy said. "Dating until morning, then we can break up. I always sleep in until one in the afternoon, but you can leave whenever. Until then, we can just relax here together. Good night," she said as she closed her eyes and began to sink her upper torso back into the goo puddle. Alban sat up a little to keep his head above the top as the goo rose up from the added volume of her torso.

"Good night," Alban said, and he adjusted his body in her goo as her head sunk back into the puddle. Her body grew still, and Alban closed his eyes, found a comfortable sitting position, and began to drift off to sleep, with the comfy walls of the flower and the relaxing goo around him to guide him into sleep...

~~~~~ ~~~~~

Alban woke up a while later to the bright orange rays of the sun, which beamed in his face through the trees. He opened his eyes: from the sun, he knew it was eight in the morning. Sleepy was, as expected, asleep and snoring. Alban wondered why her loud snoring didn't wake him up. Maybe he was just too comfy?

He started to move, and he stood up in the goo, waking Sleepy. Her head and shoulders peeked out of the goo puddle, and her face looked tired.

"Huh? Is it... like, morning already?" she said.

"Yeah," Alban said. "Unfortunately. I need to get going."

"Aww. I guess we're not dating anymore. It was fun, you know, having a buddy to sleep with. Well, I'm always around here, come by if you ever happen to be in the flower fields again."

Alban grabbed his lantern and pulled himself out of the flower. It was easy to step out: Sleepy's body didn't stick to him, and the walls of the flower were low and sturdy enough to just hop out. Alban bent down and picked up his backpack, and realized just how clean he felt. His clothes felt as fresh as they did the day they were first bought, and his skin felt like he had just dried off after a long bath.
