 **Author's Note: This is one of the many random sex scenes from my leather notebook of sex scenes. They're mostly for fun.

**********

I go to bed after a long stressful week at work. Reading Gena Showalter and J.R. Ward is the only thing on my mind as I put on my comfortable cotton plaid pjs. I am about to settle into another paranormal romance when I hear a humming. My whole body is vibrating as the hum grows louder. Then comes the blinding white light. 

I see a silhouette of a man... I can't see his face but the profile is unmistakable. The humming becomes deafening as I open my mouth to scream but nothing comes out as if the loud humming made me lose my ability to speak. The light becomes more intense as four more figures appear before me, surrounding my bed. I'm for gun control but this was a moment where I wonder maybe I should get a gun license at least.

I try to run but one of the figures grabs me then I feel a sharp pain in my neck. I start to feel drowsy. They gave me a sedative? I began to lose the feeling in my limbs as my mind grows numb and my vision blurs. Then my whole world goes black. 

******

I wake up with a headache in a room but not my room. It's steel grey and I'm lying on a soft bed with satin sheets. I look down to see that I'm wearing nothing but a silk sash that wraps around my body barely covering my supple breasts and... shaven pussy??? Was I shaved while unconscious? I also smell really good like wildflowers and honey suckles. I was undressed, bathed then shaved.

I resolve that I have been kidnapped and about to be a sex slave. I hear a voice smooth and deep like a satin sea, "Please remain calm."

I spin around frantically trying to discern where the voice is coming from. A blue man in long flowing black robes fringed with silver and wearing a silver collar stares at me with pale green eyes. I'm dumbstruck. Maybe this is a dream...

"I know you must be shocked." The blue man's image fizzles. A hologram?

"Who the hell are you?" I cry out as I cross my arms over my self in a failed attempt to cover myself for modesty's sake. My nipples were already a bit stiff grazing against the smooth fabric from the cool air. This has to be a nightmare. I must have fallen asleep already.

"My name is Namid," he says calmly, which makes me even more nervous. "My people are known as the Manu. You have been chosen to help rebuild our race."

I'm a geography teacher. I don't think I can help them with rebuilding their race.

"It will become clear soon," Namid says. What the fuck is happening to me??? I pinch my arm raw trying to wake myself up but I'm still in the same room.

"Who the hell are you people???" I croaked. My mouth is suddenly dry.

My heart begins to race but I remember my yoga breathing exercises and try to remain calm. Just as I get my heart back to a normal pace I try to think of ways to escape. I look around my room. The walls are smooth with not indentation of a door or a panel. 

"Our females have died from a devastating virus," Namid continues speaking but in a mournful tone. Namid suddenly looks sad and I feel a twinge of pity. 

"That's... sad...," I say. "I'm so sorry."

Namid smiles, his bright green eyes soft. 

"To rebuild our population we have been reduced to visiting planet to planet gathering females," Namid explains. "You are one of 20 females that we have taken from Earth."

I look down at my revealing outfit. Heat creeps into my face when I suddenly realize what he means.

"You're going to use me as a sex slave??" I cry out hoarsely. 

The image fizzles again. Namid tilts his head surveying me with calm eyes. 

"More of a Breeding Companion. I promise that you will enjoy our warriors as much as they will enjoy you," he says with certainty which makes indignity boil inside me.

"You will take me back home!" I demand but Namid fizzles out.

Then I hear a door hiss. I quickly turn around to see... a tall bald man... a tall bald BLUE man. He's carved out like a god of war. My mouth fell open at the sight of his marbled body and his... My god it hangs there like a third appendage. The hot alien was blue with icy blue eyes and swirling black tattoos. 

I catch my breath at the sight of him as his scent wafts into my nose and I breathe in his foreign smell. His musk clouds my senses as my nipples tighten into painful pink pearls. I bite my lip, ashamed that my fear had turned into slight arousal as I start to feel a needy throbbing between my thighs. He approaches me and I back away. There is no way out. He reaches out to me and I slap his hand away.

"Don't touch me!" I cry. The alien man frowns, tilting his head to the side eyeing me curiously with his pale blue eyes. I wrap my arms around myself trying to hide my hardened nipples and supple breasts in this revealing silk shift.

He moves with lethal grace taking hold of me then throws me on the bed. I try to crawl away but but the alien grabs my legs and pulls me to him. I struggle and fight with everything I have but he's too strong, having my wrists pinned down on the soft bed. He stares down at me intently as he puts his full weight on me. 

I gasp as I feel his long turgid sex organ hard an throbbing against me. A small voice inside me begs to have him impale me while the logic in me screams for him to stop.

"Get o—!"

The alien smothers my mouth with a kiss. For a few seconds I struggle but then something starts to happen. The kiss is like an electric shock sending a jolt to my system, awakening some primal need. My body floods with endorphins. My mind fogs with lust. Moisture gathers between my thighs. My body temperature rises. Naughty images of being naked and tangled with my alien abductor bombard my mind. 

I breathe in sharply at the sudden euphoric sensation allowing the alien's tongue to invade my mouth, counting my teeth, seductively exploring the wet heat. His musk is suddenly earthy and alluring conjuring childhood memories of camping in the woods with my dad before he died of cancer. 

I groan slightly as my tight nipples reach for him, begging him to touch them and my legs spread, my body becoming for receptive to my alien attacker. My tongue meets his in an erotic dance. He's like cocaine and candy, addictive in that I have to have him now.

His hands go from pinning my wrists to interlacing his fingers with mine. I push up into him, arching my back as I bite his lower lip, sucking and nibbling it desperately. He tastes like all of my favorite desserts and I want to devour all of him. I want him to devour me. I had abandoned all logic somehow and start rubbing my wet hot core against his throbbing member. He groans with excitement as I accept him.

Like a scorpion he poises himself above me, his stinger ready for the kill. His powerful masculinity pierces my sopping womanhood. I arch my hips to meet him as he slowly sinks deeper into my molten core. The alien grunts as he buries himself deep. I want all of him inside me. I cry out as his girth stretches my human vaginal walls. 

The pain melts into unimaginable bliss as I bring his head down to devour his tongue once more as he pumps slow then fast then slow again. Despite myself I moan as the delicious friction creates waves of heat flooding my body.

Electrical pulses surge through my body setting my blood on fire with lust. Every nerve ending lights up as we become one body. Even the acrid scent of his sweat is like an addictive drug. I'm in a state of euphoria, my nails dig into the muscles of the alien's back which are like happy writhing serpents coiling beneath his blue skin.

The alien's teeth graze my chin. He traces his tongue along my jawline as he slows his pumping to a sensual fuck. But I buck my hips urging him to go faster as I feel myself approaching my climax. The alien smiles as I slap his ass to get him moving faster again. He rides me like a beast and a white hot wave rips through me. I actually go blind for a few seconds as my whole body spasms and I cry out in ecstasy. 

I hear the alien grunt in gratification as he collapses on top of me. We lay entangled in flesh glazed in each other's sweat. He rolls off of me but I want more. I need more. I catch his face between my sweaty palms then spear my tongue between his lips. I suck on his tongue like it's a fudge pop about to melt in the summer sun. 

But the alien stops me. He smiles and chuckles. I can just imagine his voice as a deep husky sound that make my nethers quiver. That's when another blue alien comes in. He looks much like my current alien lover but with scars on his body from cuts and burns. 

My pussy clenches with delight as he approaches and the other leaves. He smells earthy too yet there is a sweet scent as well to distinguish him from the other. I don't need any prompting as my new alien lover kisses me. His wet hot tongue traces my lips and I open my mouth to let him in. The same endorphins flood my body making me crave him even more. 

It doesn't even occur to me that I was about to make love to another complete stranger and abductor. There was only the primal need to satisfy my insane lust that threatened to ravage my body and wreck me inside and out. I wonder if this is what heroin addicts feel like when they need a fix.

I'm addicted to him. Literally I become addicted to him. I don't just want to fuck him, I need to fuck him. Once I taste his saliva I'm hooked. So delectable and savory. It must be some chemical that acts like nicotine plus heroine. 

I take the lead this time as I straddle this new blue alien warrior. I take his massive pulsating cock in my hand and tease my drizzling pussy along it to lubricate him. The alien's head falls back as a groan escapes his sensuous lips. He grows even harder in my hand as I slide up and down along his blue shaft that darkens with blood flow racing to his nether region. 

Then I take him into my wet heat. I sigh and groan as I lower myself onto his throbbing cock. I'm tight yet wet with desire so he easily slips inside of me. I place my hands on his chest feeling the roughness of the jagged scars, their rugged texture felt good on my palms. 

The scarred alien runs his hands up my rib cage as I descended my hips back down sending new waves of sensuous sensations rippling through my body. My muscles squeeze around his sturdy flesh spear. He practically rips away my flimsy silk shift to get at my breasts. My nipples are as hard as pebbles as the alien fondles my breasts, taking one little nub between his fingers and pinching it as I ride him hard like a blue stallion. 

Naked my hips gyrate as we thrust into each other, matching each other in rhythm and lust. He looks up at me with his icy blue eyes. They were full with an animal hunger that threatens to devour me whole and I relish at the thought.

I lean forward and his cock starts poking at my G-Spot. I'm racked with shivers as the alien brings me down catching my hard nipple in his hot mouth. His tongue is like silk against my pebble that was so tight with need it hurt. He sucks in more of my breast as sweat beads down my neck and my body shivers with a devastating orgasm. 

Then he rolls over, his mouth still latching onto my breast, my legs still wrapped tightly around him as he was still hard and pulsating inside me. I arch my back, my mouth agape in a silent scream as my scarred alien lover nibbles on my nipple as he gushes inside of me his alien seed deep inside my womb. Our juices mixed and my skin ripples with the after shock of desire.

I barely notice another tattooed blue alien enter. The other alien slides out of me as easily as he entered. I'm in a daze but as this new alien wipes the sweat from my brow my body is ready for round 3. I'm 27 years old but I feel like an old lady my body is so tired. I don't think I can even get up but my naked sweaty cum filled body was willing to go on.

I want him. I need him. I have to have him.

This new tattooed blue alien has a chiseled jaw line that can cut glass. He runs his hand along the line of my flat stomach that fluttered at his touch. I weakly run a finger along his chiseled jaw line lifting my head up to meet his savory lips. My pussy is still crying for more though my body threatens to give out. I want to pass out but at the same time not. It's the reasoning that's the first to go when you become an addict.

Yet instead of impaling me with his long thick blue stalk, this alien sticks his head between my thighs. He licks my shaven pussy lips, saturated with desire for him (and the others). I breathe in sharply as I feel the alien warrior's tongue flick my fat clitoris. He watches me intently with his pale blue eyes as I writhe and softly sigh while his tongue dips between my folds massaging my inner labia. 

He kisses my pussy as if it were my mouth; French-kissing it with slow burning passion. My body is a live wire, electric and hot, alive with excitement. I grip the damp sheets and close my eyes as the alien parted my folds with his thumb exposing my throbbing red berry then sucking on it long and hard. 

I cry out in ecstasy I don't think I can take much more. He doesn't stay on my rose bud for long as he came back to it every few minutes to work it like a little cock then whenever I'm close to climaxing he stops. Then he inserts a finger. My muscles lock around his finger, trapping him in my molten core.

He kisses my thigh, my skin tingles where he pressed his fiery lips. I push his head back towards my fiery furnace where I ache for his mouth more. I cradle his head as he begins sucking on my stiff clit while working his fingers inside my tight soaked over worked pussy. 

I play with my breasts as my breathing becomes more ragged, tweaking my nipples. I bite my lip, arching my back as the alien tickles my g-spot. I'm teetering towards the edge of another mind blowing orgasm. My thighs squeeze his head as a wave of hot pleasure ripples through me. My body is racked with shivers and I fall to pieces. Anymore shattering orgasms and I might die.

Then my whole world fades to black as my mind gives out. 

******

The world is black and I'm floating in nothing. But it's not a cold darkness. My body is tingling with pleasurable hot sensations. I don't think I ever came so hard before in my life. I don't know how long I've been unconscious but when I come to I find that I am still in that strange room.

Either this is the longest running (and best sex) dream I am having or I am waking up to my new reality. Every muscle in my body was on fire. My legs are shaking. I try to move my arm but there's a sharp pain.

I weakly turn my head to see that I have an IV needle in my arm. 

"Try not to move too much," I hear a familiar calm voice. I look over to see the same alien I saw when I first woke up on the ship. Namid was it? Namid smiles at me, his pale green eyes so gentle like a care taker.

"Oh god..." I groan. It was all real. 

"How do you feel?" Namid asks.

"Like I went ten rounds with a jujitsu master," I struggle to sit up despite Namid's warnings. The room is shaky but after a few minutes I gain some steadiness. However I feel sick and fall back against the pillows. They feel like luxurious clouds and cool against my inflamed skin.

Namid lifts my head up gingerly as he places a glass to my lips and cool water hits my tongue cooling my inflamed dry throat and mouth. He's real this time. 

"I was concerned for a moment as most of the Earth females were exhausted after 2 lovers but you managed at least 3..."

"Yeah me," I coughed. "What happened to me?"

"There's a hormone in our species' bodily fluids that activates a female's urge to mate," Namid says. "In our females it was harmless but your body does not react well. As long as we take care not to over exert you and help you with your withdrawal you should be fine."

Heat creeps into my cheeks at the memory of how I rode those alien warriors like bucking broncos and got all hot for them from just tasting their kisses. 

"We Manus are a highly sexual race," Namid says. "But you are not just incubators to us. We take great pains to make the new females feel respected and cherished. Some have been permanently mated to scholars, warriors, builders. Even our new queen is from the farthest part of the Andromeda galaxy."

"Wow...," I wonder if I'll be mated err married off to one of these warriors. The idea titillates me as well as makes me apprehensive. Am I ready to just leave behind everyone I know and love just for the best sex I've ever had?

"I see you are conflicted," Namid says. "We won't keep you here against your will but if you would just stay for a week while we are in orbit then if you still want to go home then we shall wipe your memory and then take you home."

It certainly gives me a lot to think about... Namid strokes my cheek gently before I drift back into oblivion.

******

I wake up refreshed. The IV has been taken out. My door is open this time as robot wheels in. I'm half naked and starving. I still have the shakes but after a few minutes I manage to walk. The robot speaks to me in English: "Your breakfast is waiting for you down the hall with the other Earth females, My Lady."

"My Lady"? Quite a formal title for a sex slave or breeding companion as Namid called it I guess. But I feel so ravenous after yesterday I don't argue. The hall was a long winding cylinder. As I walked out of my room the door hissed closed showing a blank wall again. 

"How do you guys open the walls?" It seems like a dumb question to ask since I still feel like a prisoner here despite the look in Namid's gentle green eyes and his tender tone that suggested I wasn't. Also him actually saying I was free to go if I wished. Instinct for survival I guess and just a natural distrust for anyone who kidnaps a woman in the middle of the night.

"The walls have censors that read DNA and androids that are members of the crew," the robot rolls up beside me keeping pace out of courtesy. I hear voices as another door hisses open. A few of those warrior blue aliens walk out dressed as guards. One of them I recognize as the alien who gave me a good tongue lashing. 

My legs tremble with excitement involuntarily as my core ignited with the desire for him to tongue fuck me again. That familiar rush of endorphins kicks in and I get all achy. Shit! Pull yourself together, woman! The robot manages to steer me into what looks like a mess hall. Women from Earth and aliens from other planets were sitting together chatting happily as they ate. 

Some of the women were pink, green, red and purple in skin color with various eye and hair colors. The green women's eye lids close like crocodile eyes with that thin membrane. Some of the purple women have long white hair while the red ones have three horns sticking out of their foreheads. 

My robot escort leads me to the table with the women from Earth. They were from different races and nationalities but they all speak English.

"We injected a plasma into your brains to allow you to understand each other's language," explains the robot as he pushes me to the table. I am not a very social person. I much prefer nights at home with a good book. 

One of the women, a human from Earth waves me over. She's black with luscious lips and big chocolate brown eyes that glimmered with excitement. I sheepishly sit down.

"Hi," the beautiful black woman greets me. "I'm Teresa."

"Sadie," I say shyly. One of the green alien women eyes me suggestively. I feel naked again. 

"I think you're the last to arrive for lunch," Teresa says. "You realize this isn't a dream I guess otherwise they wouldn't have let you out."

"Unfortunately yes...," I say, feeling my face flush.

"Unfortunately?" Teresa tilts her head confused. 

"Give her another day and she won't care if she's dreaming or not," a green alien woman winks at me, her crocodile eye giving me the slightest of creeps. 
