 I awoke and looked to my left. Ellen was lying with her back to me, snoring softly. I leaned up on one elbow and looked over her shoulder. I smiled as I saw that her mouth was partly open and a tiny bit of dribble was running out of it.

'She is so sweet,' I thought to myself, 'I am a very lucky man to have come to this place.'

I kissed her on her ear, her neat little ear with it's tiny lobe and just a hint of a point at the top. She let out a little moan, sucked in the spittle and wiped her lips with her hand.

"It wasn't a dream then," she said softly as she rolled onto her back and looked up into my eyes, "I really am in bed with a handsome young man."

"And I am in bed with the most beautiful elf-woman I have ever seen," I replied.

"Are you going to stay the course this time?" She asked as she opened her legs.

"I'll try," I replied, "but you turn me on so much."

I pulled back the eiderdown and looked her over. She was what one might call athletic, with slim, toned arms and legs, a flat tummy and small firm breasts. Her blonde hair had streaks of mauve showing in it and her long tapered finger nails were mauve too.

"Warm me up," she said to me.

I slid down the bed and settled myself between her outspread legs. I put my face to her bush and inhaled deeply. The heady smell of woman filled my nostrils and my balls began to tingle.

"You smell divine," I told her.

"What do I taste like?" She asked.

I buried my face in her snatch and poked my tongue inside her. She sighed as I licked her slit from top to bottom and back again. She let out a moan as the tip of my tongue made contact with her clitoris.

"Oh yes," she said softly, "I like that."

I licked her out, loving the taste of the juice that flowed freely from her. I rolled the tip of my tongue around her clit which was very stiff indeed.

"Oh,oh,oh,oh," she murmured as she began to climax.

I kept at her clit with my tongue until she let out a long low moan of pleasure and pushed my head away. I watched her come, her body wracked by a series of convulsions, brought about by the savage contractions she must have been having.

"Now we shall see," I said as I climbed on top of her and lowered myself down.

She smiled at me and I smiled back as my stiff cock slipped effortlessly inside her warm wet vagina. I pulled it all the way out and slid it all the way back in again. I repeated this operation many times, slowly at first but increasing in speed and forcefulness as I became more and more aroused.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" She cried out as she started on another orgasm.

"Oh Ellen!" I cried out as I began to pump a massive load of spunk into her.

I stopped moving and lay on top of her, letting my balls empty into her. She pulled my head down and kissed me passionately on my lips. I could feel her vagina contracting, squeezing the last drops of semen from my body.

"Do you really have to go looking for that demon?" She asked me, "surely someone else could do that."

"It's not the demon I need to find," I replied, "he has taken a friend of mine and I have promised to free her from him."

"Oh, there's a girl, there's always a girl."

"We are just friends."

"If you say so."

 * * * * * * * *

"The axle is broken on your cart," Dennis told me when I went to leave, "It is not safe to use."

"I shall just take the horse then," I told him, "tell the imp that I have gone on my own and that he can do as he pleases."

I rode away from the tavern, leaving the imps behind.

* * * * * * * *

As I plodded along the track I heard the sound of thundering hooves. I turned to see a very sleek looking carriage drawn by four fine looking horses heading towards me. I guided my horse to one side to let the carriage pass and it sped by.

" I know that woman," I said aloud as I saw who was driving, "that is who Nina was when she first came here. It would be interesting to talk to her."

* * * * * * * *

It was growing dark when I came upon a roadside inn and decided to stop for the night. I rode into the yard, dismounted and an old dwarf led my horse to the stables. I noticed that the carriage I had seen earlier was parked in the yard.

"Who does that belong to?" I asked the dwarf.

"The princess Rebekah," he replied, "she is travelling through the kingdom on her way to visit Largo, prince of the elves."

"Thanks," I said, tossing the old chap a three groat coin.

I went inside. The red-haired woman was sitting with two slightly younger women, one blonde, one brunette.

"Good evening," I called out as I walked towards the bar.

They looked across at me and the red-head narrowed her eyes in concentration when she saw my face.

'She's not sure if she recognises me,' I thought to myself.

An attractive mature elf-woman served me with a jug of ale and took my order for supper.

"May I join you?" I asked the three young women, "I travel alone and would enjoy some conversation."

"Yes, you may," replied the blonde.

'She's the princess, I bet,' I thought to myself.

I sat at the table, opposite the red-head.

"I am Josiah," I told them, "I am on the road seeking the demon who has taken a friend of mine."

"Have we met?" The red-head asked, "you look familiar."

"Possibly," I replied.

"This is Amber Locks, the best huntress in all the magical kingdom," said the blonde, "surely you must recognise her. I am sure that if you had met her, you would never forget her."

"Yes, your highness," I replied, taking a punt on her being the princess, "I recognise mistress Locks. Perhaps she has seen me in a crowd, a crowd of her admirers."

The blonde put her fingers in her mouth and mimicked making herself sick.

"The word obsequious springs to mind," said the brunette.

"Sorry," I responded.

"Perhaps I am mistaken," said Amber, "It was a while ago and I was not feeling myself at all."

"How so?" I asked.

"She has this idea that someone or something had taken her over, inside I mean," said the princess.

"Oh really?" I asked.

"Yes," said Amber, "it was as if I was there but I wasn't, if you get my meaning."

"And that was when we met?"

"More than met actually."

I remembered how as the red imp I had hidden in the corner and watched both Joe and Toby give her a good fucking.

"More, how?"

"You would know if it really happened."

"Anyway," put in the princess, "how close are you to finding this demon?"

"Close, I hope. The dwarf in the yard tells me you are going to visit Largo, prince of the elves, your highness."

"That's what we tell people," she replied, "but really we are hunting the demon, just like you."

I shot Amber a worried look. She shrugged in reply.

My supper was served and they chatted amongst themselves while I ate. I learned about their relationship, which excited me greatly.

"Do you have any more of Morag's potion?" The brunette, who I had learned was named Ruby, asked Rebekah.

"Perhaps," Rebekah replied in a teasing tone.

"Morag the witch supplies you with a special potion?" I asked, wiping my mouth with my cuff, behaviour which seemed perfectly acceptable in the magical kingdom.

"Yes, she does," said Amber.

"What does it do?"

"That's a secret," said Ruby.

 * * * * * *

I was shown to my room and prepared myself for bed. It had been interesting to learn what effect being taken over by Nina had had on Amber. I wondered what the long term effect would have been. Would Amber become Nina completely or vice versa?

There was a gentle knock on my door.

"Come in," I called out.

Ruby entered my room. She could have only been about nineteen, probably the same age as her mistress. With long flowing brown hair and large eyes the same colour, she looked very pretty.

"The princess Rebekah requests your attendance," Ruby said to me, "she seems taken by you, although I can see no reason why."

'Nor me,' I thought to myself, 'because from what I heard you and her say this evening, you much prefer the company of women.'

I was naked under the eiderdown and decided to let Ruby see what I had. I pulled it back and got out of bed. She looked at my cock and balls, sniffed, turned and left my room. I followed, deciding not to bother putting my breeches on.

"You're pretty sure of yourself," said Rebekah when I went into her room completely naked, "not even bothering to put your breeches on."

"I assumed that you would only send your maid to get me at this hour if you wanted your bed warming, your highness," I replied, "and I would not want to get into your bed in my breeches."

"I sent my maid to get you at this hour," Rebekah replied, "because I want to compare how you perform with your man's cock to how mistress Locks performs with her magical one."

"I'm sorry?" I said in a bewildered tone, "mistress Locks has a penis?"

I was in a state of total bewilderment. When Nina had been in Amber's body and Joe and Toby had fucked her, there was no sign of her having a cock.

"I don't have one all the time," said Amber, "only when I take some of Morag's special potion."

"You mean you grow one when you use the potion?"

"Yes, watch."

Amber unstoppered a very tiny bottle of liquid, held it to her lips and dripped three drops down her throat. There was a flash and smoke appeared from nowhere. When the smoke cleared Amber was sporting a cock of about seven inches in length and with a decent girth. Two smallish smooth balls hung below it.

"The gods!" I cried when I saw it, "I have seen it all now!"

"And you must keep it to yourself," Rebekah told me, "as your princess I command that you swear not to divulge our secret."

"I swear."

"Good."

Rebekah stood in the middle of the room and Ruby undressed her. My cock began to stiffen as more and more of her beautiful young body was exposed for me to look at. As Ruby removed her clothing she kissed her princess on her back, on her neck, on her arms and on her legs.

"Isn't she the most beautiful young lady in all the magical kingdom?" Ruby asked as she wriggled Rebekah's pink satin panties over her pert little ass cheeks and down her long slim legs.

"She is," I replied, my cock dripping pre cum onto the bare floorboards.

Rebekah climbed onto the big bed, lay on her back and opened her legs. Ruby followed her, got down between her legs and put her face to her princess's snatch. Rebekah let out a sigh as she felt her maid begin to lick her out.

"Aren't they a lovely couple?" Amber asked me, "they are so in love."

"Beautiful," I replied, my mouth as dry as my cock was wet.

"By the gods they turn me on," she said as she put her hand behind my head and pulled me to her.

We opened our mouths and kissed forcefully, our tongues wriggling around together. Amber moved in close to me and I felt her cock rub up against mine.

"Touch me," she whispered as she pulled her mouth from mine.

I reached down and gingerly put my fingers around her cock, it felt warm and fleshy, just like my real one. Amber reciprocated by wrapping her fingers around mine and pulling back the foreskin.

"Oh the gods," I murmured, "oh Amber."

I looked down at her cock and peeled back it's foreskin. Like mine it was generating a stream of clear pre cum which dripped onto the floor.

"Oh! Oh! Oooooh!" Rebekah cried out as Ruby brought her off with her tongue.

Amber and I turned our attention away from each other to look over at the princess who was writhing around on the bed and squirting all over the clean white sheet beneath her.

"You first," Ruby said, pointing at me.

I waited until Rebekah had stilled, climbed onto the bed, settled myself between her open legs and lowered myself onto her.

"Oh yes," the princess moaned, "oh I like that."

"Go on then, said Ruby, "fuck the dirty slut, give her what she wants."

I thrust my cock in and out at a fairly quick pace. I leaned down to kiss Rebekah but she turned her head away.

"She doesn't like boys," Ruby told me.

"Oh, of course, sorry," I replied.

It didn't take long for me to come. I had been so aroused by watching her and being touched by Amber that I was halfway there before I had started.

"Uh,uh,uh, UUUUUHHHH!" I cried out as I shot my load into the royal cunt.

"Too quick," said Rebekah as I pulled my softening cock from her.

"Don't worry Becky," said Amber, "I shall finish you off."

I stood aside to let Amber get on top of Rebekah, slip her cock inside her and start to fuck her. 

"Oh I like that," said Rebekah.

This time, when Amber leaned down to kiss her, Rebekah opened her mouth and let her. The sight of the two of them kissing and fucking was such a turn-on that I felt my cock stir, even though I had come only a few seconds before.

"Will you suck my cock?" Ruby asked from behind me.

I turned to see that she had stripped off her clothes and was standing, stark naked, holding nine inches of prime magical meat in her hand.

"The gods!" I exclaimed, "that potion works well on you!"

"Oh! Oh! OOOOOOHHHH!" Cried Rebekah, as the fucking she was receiving brought her off again.

"Oooooh, Becky!" Cried Amber as she came, obviously putting a load into the already cum-filled cunt of her princess.

I was feeling reticent about sucking Ruby's cock. She was a very attractive young woman, of that there was no doubt and the cock in question was not a real one, but I still felt that it was a bit of a gay thing to do and I am not gay.

"On your knees," Ruby ordered, putting her hands on my shoulders and pushing me down.

"Do as you are told," Rebekah called across from the bed, having finished coming and now keen to watch me.

I looked over to see her lying on her side with Amber behind her, looking over her shoulder at me and smiling wickedly.

I sank to my knees and opened my mouth. Ruby moved forward, peeled back the foreskin of her cock and pushed it in my mouth.

"Mmmmm," she murmured as I rolled my tongue around it, wetting it with my saliva.

I have no idea how to suck cock, but having one myself, I know what I would like a girl to do to me, so I thought I would give that a try.

"Ooooh," Ruby moaned softly as I began to move my head back and forth and suck gently on her.

Ruby wanted to put all of her cock in my mouth but it was just too long. She grabbed the hair on the top of my head and pulled me onto her, forcing herself further inside my mouth. I felt it hit the back of my throat and immediately began to gag.

"Ruby stop!" Shouted Rebekah, "you're choking him!"

Ruby pulled out and I fell back, coughing violently.

"You must be more gentle," Rebekah told her maid, "just push the first third in."

I knelt back up and took Ruby's cock in my mouth again. I grabbed hold of the shaft to prevent her forcing more of it in me and began sucking on it again. Ruby let out a long low moan of pleasure, grabbed hold of my hair and began to carefully fuck my mouth.

"Get ready to swallow," said Amber as she watched me fellate Ruby, "when she comes, she comes lots."

"Oh the gods!" Cried Ruby, and then she came.

I felt the first jet of hot salty spunk hit the roof of my mouth and the second hit the back of my throat. I swallowed immediately, preparing for more and there was more, lots more. Ruby shot off a lot of cum into my mouth and I had to swallow many times in order not to drown. Eventually the jets became a dribble and Ruby withdrew. As soon as her cock left my mouth it disappeared.

"It's gone!" I exclaimed.

"As soon as it comes, it goes," laughed Rebekah.

"Do you want to fuck him?" Amber asked Rebekah.

'Do what?!' I thought to myself, 'fuck me?!'

"I think I might," replied Rebekah, "yes, I think I will."

"Hang on a minute!" I exclaimed.

"She is your princess, your king's daughter," said Amber, "if she wants to fuck you, she will."

Assuming that Joe was a loyal subject of the king, I was under an obligation to accede to her demands.

"Please be gentle," I said as I climbed onto the bed and got onto my hands and knees.

Ruby removed the lid from a bottle of the blue jelly that she produced from the bedside cabinet, stuck two fingers in and scooped some of the lube out. I let out a soft groan as I felt those fingers penetrate my ass hole and slide in and out.

"You like that, don't you," said Rebekah as she stood up on the bed and walked behind me.

I never saw how many drops of the potion she took, but it must have been at least as many as Ruby. The bulbous cock head that forced it's way inside me felt pretty large.

"What does it feel like, doing him up his ass?" Ruby asked.

"Nice and tight," Rebekah replied.

I braced myself as I received her length, which must have been at least ten inches. I had never felt so full in all my life, but in all honesty it felt quite pleasant, not at all painful.

"Fuck him Becky," urged Amber, "give it to him."

Rebekah withdrew nearly all the way and then thrust back in forcefully. I moaned loudly as I took it all the way inside me, I could even feel a pair of smooth tight balls pressing against me.

"The gods, this feels good," said Rebekah as she pulled out and pushed in yet again.

Ruby took hold of my dangling cock and began to wank me as her princess buggered me. They set up a rhythm, fucking and wanking in time, exciting me in such a way as I had never been excited before.

"Oh, oh, oh!!!" Rebekah cried out, and then she stopped.

"Gods!" I cried out as I felt her start pumping spunk into me.

"Is that nice?" Asked Ruby as she wanked my cock.

"Uuuuuuhhhh!" I moaned loudly as I started to come.

I looked down between my legs to see a river of cum run out of my cock and land on the sheet to form a puddle. I felt as empty in my guts as I felt full in my ass.

I felt Rebekah's cock leave my ass and I fell forward onto the bed. Rebekah slapped me on my ass and fell beside me.

"By the gods I enjoyed that," she said to me, panting,"now fuck off and leave us alone."

I climbed off the bed and walked out of the room, spunk dribbling from my ass, a huge smile of satisfaction on my face.