 "I must leave," Devo told Kaye, "you can stay here."

Kaye was about to speak when Devo pointed his finger at her and a bolt of light flashed across to where she was lying on the big soft cushion. A look of concern appeared on Kaye's face followed by her eyes slowly closing and her body going limp.

* * * * * * * 

"Is she dead?" Jed asked Cedric as they looked at the limp form of Kaye slumped on the cushion.

"Give her a prod," Cedric replied.

Kaye's eyes opened slowly as she felt something poke her on her arm. She looked up to see a very attractive young man staring at her. A more mature, yet still very handsome man was looking over his shoulder and down at her.

"Hello," said the young man, "can you hear me?"

Kaye nodded and tried to speak, but could only manage a croak.

"Did the demon do this to you?" Asked the young man.

Kaye nodded weakly.

"Ha!" said the older man, "so we are in the right place. This must be his lair."

"My name is Jed," said the young man, "and this is my master, sir Cedric Cedar."

Kaye tried to lift her hand and wave a greeting but it felt too heavy to lift.

"What's to be done?" Asked Cedric, "the poor young thing looks to be in a bad way."

"I have heard that a kiss may bring her out of her slumber," said Jed, "shall I try that, master?"

"Young lady!" Boomed Cedric, "my squire wishes to kiss you, will you allow him to?"

Kaye nodded weakly, anything was worth a try.

"You have her consent," Cedric told Jed.

Jed knelt beside Kaye, leaned over her and kissed her gently on her lips. Kaye thought that the kiss felt nice.

"Not much improvement," said Cedric as he lifted Kaye's left hand, let it go and it flopped back down.

"Perhaps a slightly stronger kiss?" Asked Jed, looking into Kaye's eyes.

She nodded her assent and Jed kissed her again, only this time with an open mouth and a probing tongue. Kaye thought that the kiss felt very nice.

"Still no good," said Cedric as he lifted Kaye's left foot, let it go and it flopped back down.

"Keep trying," Kaye croaked softly, "I would like you to try some more."

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "she has manged a few words, albeit in a very weak voice, good work Jed!"

"If kissing her lips has restored her speech, then perhaps kissing her hand will restore that too," suggested Jed.

Jed lifted Kaye's hand and held it to his lips. He kissed it gently, enjoying the feeling of her soft young skin against his mouth. Kaye managed a smile as she felt the kiss.

"Try her nipple," suggested Cedric.

Jed shrugged and did as ordered. As soon as his lips touched Kaye's tit, it stiffened and reddened. Kaye let out a little mew of pleasure and a smile appeared on her face.

"You carry on suckling her teats and I shall see if a little vaginal stimulation has any effect," said Cedric.

Kaye felt butterflies in her tummy as she felt Cedric push her legs apart. She sucked in her breath as she felt his tongue make contact with her outer lips. She moaned softly as she felt the tip of his tongue touch her clitoris.

"Is it helping master?" Asked Jed as he transferred his mouth from Kaye's left tit to her right.

"I think so," replied Cedric, lifting his head from between Kaye's legs, "at least she is becoming very wet."

'Stop fucking talking and get back to eating me!' Kaye thought to herself, 'it feels so fucking nice!'

Kaye's smile returned as Cedric got back to doing what she wanted and before long her legs began to shake and she began to moan more loudly.

"That's it master!" Said Jed, encouragingly, "I think she is waking even more!"

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," whispered Kaye, "yes, yes, more, more."

"What's that?" Asked Jed, putting his ear close to Kaye's lips.

"Uuuuuhhhhhh!" Moaned Kaye as she felt her insides boil over, her vaginal contractions coming thick and fast.

"By the gods!" Boomed Cedric after he had taken his face from Kaye's snatch, "this one squirts well!"

Jed looked at his master to see that his chin was dripping with the juice that Kaye had ejaculated onto him.

"By the gods, that was good!" Cried Kaye in a much stronger voice, "whatever curse the demon put on me, you seem to have started to lift it."

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "you seem to have got your voice back young lady!"

"Yes," replied Kaye, "and I can sense feeling coming back into my arms and legs.

"I still think that we should make absolutely sure that the curse is lifted completely," said Jed.

"How should we do that?" Asked Cedric.

"How about we give her a good fucking?" Jed asked by way of reply.

"What say you pixie?" Cedric asked Kaye.

"Why not?" Replied Kaye, her vagina still pulsing with tiny little contractions.

Cedric and Jed stripped off hurriedly. Cedric took hold of Kaye's hands and pulled her up off the cushion, she was pleased to find that she could stand unaided.

"I shall lay on the cushion," Cedric said to Kaye, "Pixie, you shall get on top of me and Jed will complete the sandwich."

Cedric lay down and Kaye straddled him and lowered herself onto him. They both moaned with pleasure as they coupled. Once Cedric was fully embedded in Kaye, Jed pushed her forward and Cedric held her tightly to him.

"I'll just put some of this on you," Jed told Kaye as he rubbed some of the blue jelly on her ring-piece.

Kaye sucked in her breath as she felt Jed begin to feed his cock up her ass. She breathed out slowly as she felt it's length fill her back passage.

"Nice?" Asked Cedric, looking into her eyes.

"Yes," she replied, the feeling of having her body filled by two fit men stimulating her even more than being suckled and licked.

"Jed, begin!" Boomed Cedric and his squire started to bugger Kaye with a will.

"Oh fucking hell!" Cried Kaye as she felt the cock stuck up her ass pull out and push in at quite a speed.

"Oh pixie, you are so tight!" Cried Jed as he slammed his meat in and out of her.

"I can feel your cock," said Cedric, "I can feel it going in and out of the pixie."

Cedric did not move, he lay there, enjoying feeling the movement of Jed's cock through the fleshy membrane of Kaye's lower body.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Cried Kaye.

"I'm coming master," groaned Jed.

"That's it Jed," said Cedric, "put your load up the pixie's arse!"

Jed did as his master ordered, he stopped moving, gave a grunt and began to pump a huge load of hot sticky spunk into Kaye's rectum.

'Not quite as much as Devo,' Kaye thought to herself, 'but a lot all the same.'

Eventually, Jed stopped ejaculating and pulled out of Kaye's bum.

"Now it's my turn," said Cedric as he rolled Kaye onto her back and himself on top of her, his cock still filling her vagina.

"Oh sir!" Cried Kaye as Cedric began to fuck her cunt as energetically as his squire had fucked her ass.

"Oh pixie!" Boomed Cedric as he pounded her, "you have such a lovely tight, wet little pussy!"

"Oh! Oh! Oh! OOOOOOHHHHH!" Cried Kaye as she experienced yet another incredibly intense orgasm.

"UUUUUUUUHHHH!" Cried Cedric as he pumped a full load into her.

"Good job master!" Cried Jed as he stood and watched Cedric fill Kaye to the brim.

Cedric finished and pulled out. He sat cross-legged on the cushion next to Kaye and smiled at her. Kaye could feel the excessive amount of semen that Cedric had injected into her running out of her.

"What is your name?" He asked her.

"Lettie," she replied.

"Well Lettie," said Cedric in not so quite a loud voice, "we are here to dispatch the demon, do you know where he has gone?"

"No. He just said that he was going out and that I could stay here."

"He didn't give you much choice, that spell disabled you totally."

"But what a way to break the spell!" Laughed Kaye.

Cedric and Jed chuckled along with their new found friend.

* * * * * * * 

"Oh Amber, do you have to go?" Asked princess Rebekah as she brushed Amber's long flowing red hair.

"Stay with us," said Ruby, the princess's maid, who was sitting watching her mistress attend to their friend.

"But your father has ordered all hunters, soldiers and knights to find and dispose of the demon, and as a hunter I am obliged to go," Amber replied.

"Then we shall go with you," said Rebekah.

"It's much too dangerous," said Amber, "demons are not easily dealt with. What if he slays me and takes you?"

"You are the best huntress in all the magical kingdom," said Rebekah, "a silly old demon will be no match for you."

"Can I come too?" Asked Ruby.

"Of course, silly," laughed Rebekah, "you are still my maid and a princess needs her maid."

"I can see that your mind is made up," said Amber, "and once a princess makes up her mind......"

* * * * * * * * *

"Hello lads," said Ellie the elf as three soldiers walked into her and her sister's tavern, "What'll it be?"

"Three jugs of ale," replied the eldest, a man in his late twenties, "and have a mug of nettle wine yourself, miss."

"Why thank you sir," said Ellie, smiling at the soldier and fluttering her eyelashes.

The soldiers sat at the large table in the middle of the tavern whilst Ellie poured the drinks.

"Oh," said her twin as she came in from the back room, "we have some customers for once."

"Yes," said Ellie, "and some pretty fit ones at that."

Emma looked across the room and inspected them, her sister was not wrong, they were good looking young men, the two younger ones probably no more than nineteen years of age.

"We hardly ever see soldiers in our little village," Ellie said to them as she put their drinks on the table, "what brings you here?"

"We are on a mission to find and capture Devo, the demon of the south," the eldest one said.

"Isn't that a little dangerous?" Asked Ellie.

"We are soldiers of the king's guard," one of the younger ones put in, "danger is in our blood."

"Mind if I join you?" Ellie asked as she sat next to the one who had yet to speak.

"My comrades have yet to know a female," the older one told Ellie, "I promised them that they would lose their virginity before they faced the danger of battling a demon. I have been told that there is a blue pixie here who will sell herself, I would like to buy her for them."

"She's not here," Emma called from across the bar, "but I am sure my sister will volunteer to stand in for her."

"Yes, thank you Emma," Ellie called back in an annoyed tone, "I can speak for myself."

"Will you?" The as yet silent soldier asked in an eager voice.

"Perhaps," said Ellie, teasing the young soldier, "show me what you've got."

The soldier stood up and unlaced his breeches. He pulled out his cock which was beginning to stiffen in anticipation.

"Hmm, not bad," said Ellie as she took it in her hand and rolled back his foreskin.

"Oh," groaned the soldier as he felt the touch of Ellie's long fine fingers around his member.

Ellie leaned forward, opened her mouth and took the soldier's cock all the way in. He moaned loudly as he felt the tip brush against the back of her throat and she begin to salivate copiously.

Emma found herself uncharacteristically aroused by the sight of her sister fellating the soldier. She reached inside her gown and felt that her panties were wet.

"Perhaps you should take your cock out of her mouth and stick it in her cunt," the older soldier told his comrade.

"Yes corporal," the young soldier replied as he gently pulled his cock from Ellie's mouth.

"Or mine perhaps," said Emma as she walked across the room, letting her gown fall away from her body as she did so.

Three mouths fell open and started to dribble as Emma pulled her panties down, lay back on the table, drew her legs up and held them apart, her hands behind her knees.

The young soldier was inside her in an instant. His spit-lubricated cock slipping all the way up her cunt in one fluid movement.

"Oh yes," whispered Emma, "that feels so nice."

He started gently but within a few thrusts was banging away at her like a man possessed.

"Slow down or it won't last," Ellie told him as she took hold of the other young soldier's cock.

It didn't. The soldier let out a howl and stopped moving. Emma began to smile as she felt his throbbing cock squirt his load inside her.

Ellie sucked on the other soldier's cock for a few seconds and then she stood up. He watched, cock in hand, as she removed her gown, slipped her panties down and lay back on the table next to her twin.

"Come on then," she told him as she held her legs open for him.

Like his comrade he was eager and a little too fast. Within a very short time he too yelped like a dog and spent himself inside the young elf-woman.

"Did you enjoy that, lads?" The corporal asked as they put their cocks back in their breeches.

"Yes corp," they replied as one.

"What about you corporal?" Asked Ellie, "fancy some sloppy seconds?"

The corporal did not answer with words, he merely opened his breeches and stuck nine inches of thick stiff cock straight up her.

"Oh corporal!" Ellie cried as she felt him fill her.

He gave her a sound fucking, ramming his meat in and out forcefully. She held her legs back as far as she could to get as much of him inside her as possible.

"By the gods, miss," he said as he hammered away at her, "you take cock well."

"And you give it well sir," she replied.

Ellie moaned and groaned, shivered and shook as the fucking she was getting gave her an intense orgasm.

"Ooooooohh!" She cried out as her contractions came thick and fast.

"Oh the gods!" Cried the corporal as he shot a very large amount of spunk into her.

Emma was sitting up on the table, spunk dripping from her, as she watched her sister come.

"What about me?" She asked, pouting at the soldiers.

One of them pushed her gently onto her back and put his fingers to her slit. He started to rub her clitoris in a circular motion. Emma moaned softly as the soldier's fingers worked their magic on her.

"Oh that feels good," she said as she became more and more stimulated, "just there, that's right."

The soldier brought Emma off expertly, knowing exactly what to do to her.

"Ooooh yes!" She cried as she climaxed, "OOOOOOHH!"

Emma clutched at the edge of the table top and shook her head from side to side as she experienced a very satisfying orgasm.

"Where did you learn to do that?" She asked after she had regained her composure.

"Watching my older sister," he replied, "she does that when she thinks she is alone."

"I must thank her for teaching you well if I ever get to meet her," laughed Emma.

The corporal settled the bill for the drinks and the fucking, kissed the sisters goodbye and led his comrades out of the tavern.

"I doubt if we shall ever see them again," Ellie told her sister.

"You're probably right," replied Emma, "the demon will make mincemeat out of them."