 Morag was feeling disorientated.

"Why am I in the woods again?" She asked herself as she stumbled towards the road, "what has happened to me?"

* * * * * * *

"Kit?" Asked Magda as she looked at the young man who had answered her knock at Morag's door.

"Yes," the young man replied, "I don't have the ears and tail any more."

"Is your mistress at home?" 

"No. Would you like to come in and wait for her?"

The crooked old hag shuffled into her friend's little stone cottage and flopped down onto the scruffy old sofa that was to one side of the room. The young man picked up a pinch of white powder and threw it over her.

"No!" She shouted, but it was too late, with a flash and a bang she was transformed into a youthful beauty with long flowing jet black hair, full red lips, a large bust and womanly hips.

"You know you want it," the young man said to her as he unlaced his breeches, allowing his large erect penis to spring out.

"I do now," Magda replied, licking her lips at the sight of the young man's cock.

Magda stood up and turned her back to Kit, who immediately unbuttoned her long, tight-fitting velvet dress, pushed it forward over her shoulders and wriggled it down over her hips.

"Where is she?" Magda asked, "she won't interrupt us, will she?"

"I don't know," Kit replied as he undid her bra and pulled it from her body.

Kit reached down and slipped his hands inside Magda's lacy panties to give her firm round ass cheeks a squeeze. She let out a sigh as she felt his strong hands knead her flesh.

"Kneel on the sofa," he told her.

Magda took a couple of paces forward and knelt on the sofa. She put her hands on the back to steady herself as kit pulled her panties down to her knees.

"Let's see how ready you are," said Kit as he slipped his middle finger inside her vagina.

"Mmmmm," murmured Magda as she felt the digit invade her body.

"Oh, you are wet," said Kit as he withdrew his finger and replaced it with his stiff cock.

"Oh, yes. Oh yes," said the witch as she received him.

Kit fucked her slowly, loving every second that he was inside her, relishing the feeling of hot young flesh wrapped around his manhood. Magda pushed back as he thrust forward, loving every second that he was inside her, relishing the feeling of hard young flesh filling her cunt.

"I'm coming," Kit moaned as he felt his seed rise, "I'm coming."

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Cried Magda as she felt her contractions start.

They both let out loud cries of passion as they climaxed, her contractions coming thick and fast and his spunk squirting into her in a series of powerful jets.

"Did you enjoy that mistress Magda?" Kit asked as he pulled his softening cock from her.

"Mmmm, yes," she replied in a husky voice.

The door opened and Morag walked in. 

"What is going on?" She enquired when she saw her cat standing behind her friend, cunt-juice and spunk dripping from his cock.

"Your cat," replied Magda, "that's what."

Morag looked at Kit and her eyes widened, he was not the same.

"What has happened to you?" She asked him, "where is your tail?"

Kit realised that Nina had not come back and that Morag was back as his old mistress. He squeezed his eyes tight shut and concentrated, there was a loud noise and he was back as a cat. Before Morag had a chance to speak, he was out of the door.

"Oh Magda!" Cried Morag when she saw her friend, "you look terrible!"

The effects of the powder had worn off and slumped on the sofa was the oldest, most haggard old witch that had ever been seen.

"You have used the powder too often," Morag said, "you are not going to live for long at this rate."

"Your cat did this to me," Magda replied, "he turned into a man and threw the powder over me so he could have his way with me."

Morag was puzzled, Kit did not have the power to change at will, or did he?

"There is only one answer," said Morag, "dragon's milk. I shall find a dragon and get some milk from it."

* * * * * * *

"Ha!" Boomed Cedric, "the sun is reaching it's zenith, we must stop and rest. Let us find shade in the woods."

Cedric, Amber and Jed dismounted and led their horses off the road. They found a shaded clearing which had a very large flat stone in the centre.

"This looks a nice spot," said Amber as she laid her quiver on the grass beside the stone.

"Jed!" Boomed Cedric, "unpack the pie and cut a piece for mistress Locks, she has travelled far and is in need of sustenance!"

The three friends sat cross-legged in a circle on the large flat stone and chatted while they ate their lunch.

"How do you know the princess Rebekah?" Cedric asked.

"She picked me up on the road and took me home with her," replied Amber.

"Rumour is that she is fond of women," said Jed.

"I am under oath to divulge nothing," said Amber.

"Are you fond of women?" Cedric asked.

"Let us just say that my sapphic side has been brought forth," replied Amber.

"Would you like a reminder of what your straight side was like?" Asked Jed.

"Forgive my squire," said Cedric, "he is quite forward when in the company of a beautiful young woman like yourself."

"I don't mind," replied Amber, "and as it is such a lovely sunny day and I have had such a nice lunch, perhaps a little afternoon delight might be desirable."

Jed leaned forward and kissed Amber on her mouth, while Cedric started to remove his clothes. Amber put her hand on the bulge that had formed in Jed's breeches and gave it a gentle squeeze.

"Come here my dear," said Cedric as he stood on the stone, offering Amber his stiff cock to suck.

Jed took his mouth away and Amber knelt up, turned her head towards Cedric and opened her mouth.

"Oh yes, I like that," said Cedric as Amber took his cock in her mouth and started to suck on it.

Jed stripped as he watched his master being fellated by the beautiful flame-haired huntress.

"Stand up," Cedric told Amber as he pulled his cock from her mouth.

Amber stood on the large flat stone and the knight and his squire removed her clothing for her. Once she was naked they stood back and gazed at her firm athletic body, licking their lips, pre cum dribbling from their cocks.

"One hole each?" Asked Amber.

Jed lay on the stone and Amber straddled him. Jed held his cock to her slit and she lowered herself onto him. They both moaned aloud as each felt the joy of coupling.

"I shall just apply a little of this," said Cedric as he pushed a jelly-covered finger in Amber's ass-hole.

"Mmmm, that feels nice, " said Amber as Cedric replaced his finger with his cock.

Cedric thrust forward and Jed thrust upwards, giving Amber both a good fucking and a good buggering at the same time.

"Oh fuck yes!" Cried Amber as she took all they had to offer.

"Your anus is such a nice tight anus!" Boomed Cedric as he pushed his cock in and out of her.

"And you pussy is so hot and wet," said Jed as he thrust his hips, pushing his meat inside her as far as he could.

"Oh this is nice!" Called Amber, "this is so fucking nice!"

After a couple of minutes receiving meat in her holes, Amber let out a cry as her contractions came, strong and hard, as good as she had ever experienced.

"Oh fuck!" Cried Cedric as he began to pump his load up her back passage.

"Oh!" Cried Jed as he too began to ejaculate inside her.

"The gods!" Cried Amber as she felt Cedric's load fill her rectum, "how much of it is there?"

"I do tend to deliver quite a large load," said Cedric in an apologetic tone.

"He does," agreed Jed as he finished coming in Amber, his cock softening and slipping from her.

Eventually, Cedric was done and he pulled out. Amber could feel a river of cum running out of her ass and down her slit. She looked down to see it dripping from her to land on Jed's thighs. Amber rolled off of Jed and lay beside him on the stone. Cedric lay down next to her on her other side.

"What a lovely sunny day," said Cedric, "let us sunbathe and relax before we resume our hunt for the demon."

"Have you ever taken cock?" Amber asked Cedric.

"No mistress Locks," he replied, "I have not. I have wondered what it would be like though, not that I am gay or anything."

"How about you, Jed, have you?"

"No mistress."

Amber slid off the stone, went to her quiver, tipped it up and caught the small bottle which fell from it. She opened the bottle and poured the tiny amount of liquid it contained into her mouth. There was a flash and smoke appeared.

"The gods!" Boomed Cedric when the smoke cleared, "my eyes must be deceiving me!"

What Cedric's eyes saw was a nine inch cock sticking proudly out from Amber's body, underneath which, were two smooth balls the size of hen's eggs.

"They are not, master," said Jed, "for I can see it too."

"What?! How?!" Boomed Cedric.

"A magic potion which the princess, I mean my friend gave me."

"Jed!" Boomed Cedric, as he lay back and spread his legs, "get some of Marlock's jelly and give it to me."

"Allow me," said Amber as she scooped some of the blue gel out of the pot Jed was holding and applied it to Cedric's puckered ring.

"Oh the gods," whispered Cedric as he felt Amber's fingers probe his ass.

"Ready?" Asked Amber.

Cedric nodded and Amber pulled back her foreskin and placed the tip of her large stiff cock at the entrance to Cedric's body.

"Oooooooh!" Cedric moaned loudly as Amber pushed her swollen glans inside him.

"Nice?" Asked Amber.

Cedric nodded.

Amber slowly pushed her cock all the way in, filling Cedric's rectum, stretching it, probing for his prostate.

"What is it like?" Jed asked his master.

"Lovely," Cedric answered, "it is lovely."

Amber pulled out and pushed in again. Jed watched with baited breath as the huntress's long thick cock left his master and filled him time and again.

"Faster?" Asked Amber.

"Yes," said Cedric in a husky voice, "faster."

Amber picked up speed and was soon ramming her cock in and out of the knight at quite a pace. She took hold of his erect cock and began to wank him as she buggered him.

"Oh the gods! Oh the gods!" Cedric moaned loudly as he felt his seed rise.

"I'm............coming!" Moaned Amber.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH!" Cried Cedric.

Amber stopped moving as her cock started throbbing, pumping a huge load into Cedric. The knight's cock exploded, sending a stream of thick white creamy spunk high into the air which, when it came down, landed on his chest and stomach.

"Oh the gods!" cried Jed as he watched his master ejaculate a vast amount of cum.

Amber pulled out and stood back. Cedric lay on the stone, a very wide smile on his face. 

"Now I have come, my cock has gone," said Amber.

"Er, no it hasn't," said Jed.

Amber looked down, Jed was right, her cock was still there, it was floppy, but still there.

"I don't understand," she said, "it should disappear after I have come."

"Well, it hasn't," said Jed.

Amber was a little perplexed at still having a cock and balls. She felt behind her balls for her vagina, but it was not there.

"I think the potion might have changed me," she said.

"Well, you are still very pretty," said Jed as he reached down and wrapped his fingers around Amber's cock.

Amber reacted by pulling Jed towards her and kissing him forcefully on his lips. She took hold of his cock and began to rub it, making it excrete a copious amount of pre cum.

"Let me taste you," she said as she pulled away from the kiss and fell to her knees.

Amber took the tip of Jed's cock in her mouth and began to suck it as she rubbed her hand up and down the shaft. 

"Oh the gods," moaned Jed as he stood and let her do as she would to him.

"I can see her stiffening," said Cedric, "get her to stick her cock in your ass. I promise you that you will like it."

Jed pulled his cock from Amber's mouth and climbed onto the stone. He lay on his back, lifted his legs in the air and spread them apart.

"Very well," said Amber, "let me just put a little jelly on you."

Amber lubed up Jed's ring and put her cock head at his entrance. She had become erect again and smiled as she pushed her cock inside him.

"It's nice, isn't it?" Cedric asked his squire.

"Yes master," he replied, "it feels really nice."

Amber took hold of Jed's cock, just as she had done with Cedric's. She wanked him while she fucked his ass and before long they were both moaning with desire while Cedric looked on, smiling a broad smile.

"OOOOOHHH!" Cried Jed as his cock sent streamers of spunk into the air.

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" Cried Amber a she put a load up Jed's ass.

"What a woman!" Boomed Cedric.

But was she?