 Just to let you know, this chapter contains gay stuff.

I think it only fair to let my readers know how I came to meet Ewan. This episode takes place before my excursion with Amber to buy Dennis back from the trolls. At the end of Chapter 44 I was being held captive in a barrel, this bit of the story takes up from there:

*

"Get in there wretch!" I heard a stern voice shout.

I heard two sets of feet, one scuffling, the other walking purposely. I put my eye to the hole in my barrel and peeped out.

"What is going on?" I heard Ruby ask.

Corporal Hal came into view, holding another young man by his arm.

"I caught this one with a picture," Hal told Ruby, "and it might be embarrassing for her highness."

Rebekah came into view as she stood in front of the two men.

"Thank you corporal," she said to Hal, "you may leave him with us."

"Your highness," said Hal as he released his grip on the other man's arm and left the room.

"Show it to me," said Rebekah, holding out her hand.

The young man reached into his pocket and produced a post-card sized object. He handed it to Rebekah.

Ruby stood behind her mistress and looked over her shoulder at the object. I saw her eyes widen and a smile appear on her face.

"Oh Becky, you look lovely," she said, "and look at Lettie, she is so cute."

I realised that what they were looking at was the sketch of them that Dennis had done that night at the tavern.

"You do know that I could have you executed for carrying this," Rebekah told the man.

"I'm sorry, your highness," he replied to her, falling to his knees, "I beg you to forgive me."

"Has anyone else seen it yet?" 

"No-one. Other than me, only the artist and the wizard know it exists, and they have taken oaths of secrecy."

"And you?"

"Yes, I have also."

"Very well, I shall not have you killed. However you need to be punished. Take off your clothes."

I watched him strip. He was about twenty years old, with light brown hair and a lithe body. His pointy ears and chin gave him away as an elf, not a human. His red lips contrasted with his pale skin and with his delicate hands and feet he could almost pass as a girl.

"What is your name?" Rebekah asked him.

"Ewan, your highness," he replied.

I heard the straps being undone on the lid of my barrel and it was lifted off.

"Make room for a guest," said Ruby looking down at me over the rim of the barrel.

"Get in," said Rebekah, pointing to my barrel.

Ewan padded across the room and climbed up onto the rim of the barrel. I looked up as he swung a long slim leg over and dropped gently down next to me.

"Oh!" He exclaimed when he realised that there was someone in the barrel.

"I am Joe," I said, putting out my hand.

"Ewan," he replied as he took my hand and shook it gently.

I liked the feeling of his hand in mine.

The lid was replaced and strapped down.

"It's a bit of a squeeze," I told him, "but I think we will manage."

By tucking our legs up and pressing ourselves hard against the sides of the barrel, we were able to sit side by side, just. I could feel his thigh next to mine, it felt nice.

"What did you think of the picture?" I asked him.

"It was beautiful," he answered, "I wish I could sketch like that."

"Tell me about the wizard."

I learned that once the sketch had been done it was taken to a wizard who used a spell to animate it.

"What happened to the artist and the wizard?" I asked.

"I think the artist was sold to the trolls," he answered, "the wizard is too influential to be severely punished."

"How old are you?" I asked.

"Twenty," he replied, "you?"

"Twenty-three," I replied, judging Joe to be about that age.

"How long have been kept in here?"

"I'm not sure. a few days I think."

"Oh."

Suddenly I felt a shooting pain in my leg, I was getting cramp.

"Oh fuck!" I cried, "Oooh!"

"What is it?" He asked.

"Cramp, and it hurts!"

I stood up, or at least tried to. I rubbed my leg in an effort to lessen the pain.

"It's going," I said as the pain subsided, "thank the gods for that."

"Sit behind me and spread your legs out," he told me, "that might be better."

I sat back down, legs apart and knees slightly drawn up. Ewan sat in front of me, his back pressing against my chest.

"Is that better?" He asked.

"Yes, thank you," I replied, "much better."

He wriggled himself closer to me, squeezing my stiffening cock between his lower back and my stomach. He rested his hands on my knees and I put my arms around his body. He tilted his head to one side, exposing his neck. I turned my head and kissed his neck, just below his ear.

"Mmmm," he murmured.

I should have been shocked at my actions, but it felt quite natural, kissing this attractive young elf. I kissed him again and then I nuzzled his neck, sniffing him, enjoying his scent.

"That's nice," he whispered.

"It is," I replied.

He squeezed my legs, just above my knees. I reached down and brushed my fingers over his stomach. He let out a sigh.

"Touch me," he said as he took hold of my hand and placed it on his erect penis.

I kissed his neck again as I wrapped my fingers around his cock and pulled his foreskin back. He let out a little moan and squeezed my leg harder. I began to rub his cock slowly, enjoying the feel of it in my hand.

"Uuuuh," he moaned.

My cock was rock hard by now and I knew that he could feel it pressing against his back. He twisted his head around, tilted it back and opened his mouth, inviting me to kiss him. I opened my mouth and put my lips to his, our tongues met and we french-kissed passionately.

I began to rub his cock faster and he let out muffled moans and squeezed my legs even harder. His legs began to twitch and he made little thrusting movements with his hips.

I stopped wanking him and he made a little squeak of annoyance. I stopped kissing him, pulled my head back and smiled at him.

"Don't stop, please don't stop," he pleaded.

I squeezed his cock and began to wank him again, I worked my hand up and down very quickly and he moaned loudly as he approached the end. I looked over his shoulder at his cock as I brought him to his climax.

"Uuuuuuuh!" He grunted, and then he came.

A thick rope of cum shot out of his cock and splashed onto his chest. It began to run down towards his stomach as it was added to by another and another and another.

"Oh the gods!" He moaned as he shot off his huge load.

I kept wanking him until he grabbed hold of my hand to stop me. I released my grip and went back to just holding him in my arms.

"Oh Joe," he said, "that was lovely."

"My pleasure," I whispered in his ear.

I held him in my arms for a while and then we heard footsteps. The lid of the barrel was taken away and Ruby looked in on us.

"Get out," she told us.

I followed Ewan out of the barrel. I looked across the room to see that there was food on the table.

"Eat," Ruby told us.

We sat at the table and began to eat what was a very nice lunch of grilled fish and salad accompanied by some cold apple juice. Ruby left the room and we ate in silence.

Once he had finished eating, Ewan got up and went to the door.

"Where are you going?" I asked in a worried voice, "if she sees you wandering around the princess's apartments she will punish us."

"I think we are on our own," he replied as he peered out of the room.

I got up and followed him into the bedroom, he was right, it was unoccupied.

"What's through there?" He asked, pointing to the door in the opposite wall.

"Washroom."

"Oh good, I need to wash my chest and tummy."

We went through and he climbed into the tub which had been filled, ready for when the princess returned.

"Are you coming in?" He asked.

I felt my balls tingle as I saw the look on his face as I climbed in next to him.

"Wash me," he said to me.

I picked up the soap, lathered up my hands and rubbed his chest with them. He smiled at me as I worked my way down, over his stomach and down to his light brown bush which was just showing above the water.

"You are making me stiff again," he said in a husky voice.

I looked down to see his cock poking up through the suds, begging to be touched. I splashed some clean water on it, washing away the lather, then I leaned down, took the tip in my mouth and began to suck gently.

"Oh!" He exclaimed as I began to rub the shaft while I sucked on the head.

He stood, stock-still, arms at his sides, letting me do as I would with him. I sucked him and I wanked him gently, bringing him to the boil slowly, making him wait for his orgasm.

"I cannot stand this," he whispered, "you must finish me before they return, what if they return and find us in here?"

I let out a muffled chuckle, his discomfort adding to the pleasure of making him wait to come.

"Please," he said, "please."

"Very well," I said as I stood up and began to wank him faster.

He put his hands either side of my face and pulled me to him. We opened our mouths and kissed each other passionately. My wrist action was very effective, as after just a few more seconds he let out a muffled squeak and I heard the faint splashing sound made by his semen landing in the water.

"Goodness, what a lot," I said as I broke the embrace and looked at the ropes of white goo slowly sinking in the tub.

"Do you want to fuck me?" He asked in a soft voice.

"Would you like me to?" I asked in reply.

He nodded to me and climbed out of the tub. I climbed out after him and followed him into Rebekah's bedroom. My balls tingled as I watched the roll of his cute little ass, his so inviting cute little ass.

"Put some of this on me," he said, handing me a jar of the blue jelly.

I removed the lid, put the two middle fingers of my right hand in and scooped some out. He smiled up at me as he lay back on the bed and drew his legs up and apart.

"Mmmmm," he murmured as I smeared the gel on his puckered ring.

"Ooooh!" He moaned as I pushed my fingers inside him.

I pulled my fingers out and climbed on top of him. I lowered my body down, guiding my cock into position with my hand. We both moaned softly as he opened up for me, letting me in, allowing my cock to fill his back passage.

"Kiss me," he said as I finished putting my length in him.

I leaned down and put my lips to his. We opened our mouths and began to snog as I started to gently thrust, pulling nearly all the way out and pushing in until my balls were pressed against his buttocks.

My thrusting increased in speed and force as I got closer and closer to the end.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" He cried, breaking from the kiss and staring into my eyes, "Fuck me!"

"Oh!" I cried in reply as I felt my cock throb and start to squirt my cum into him.

I stopped thrusting and enjoyed the wonderful feeling of my cock shooting my load. I smiled down at him and he smiled up at me as we both revelled in the feeling of me coming.

"Oh the gods, that was good," I said as I rolled off of him and lay on the bed next to him, "thank you so much."

"My pleasure," he chuckled in reply.

We lay on the bed and looked at each other for a few minutes. I think he liked what he saw, I definitely did.

"Come on," I said, climbing off the bed and taking his hand, "we had better get back in our barrel."

We had only been back in the barrel for a few seconds when I heard the door being opened.

"Well, that was a resounding failure," I heard Amber saying, "not a single boar worth killing."

"Never mind," I heard Rebekah reply, "there's always another hunt."

"Your tub is ready for you," I heard Ruby tell her mistress, "shall I undress you?"

"Of course," replied Rebekah, "and Amber shall undress you."

The three young shemales giggled together as they left the room.

"That was close," I said to Ewan as we cuddled together in our barrel, "we got back in here just in time."

"I can feel your cum leaking out of me," he said, smiling at me, "your lovely sticky cum."

I pulled him to me and kissed him some more.

I heard a shriek followed by what can only be described as a bellow come from the washroom, then I heard small feet stamping their way towards our wooden cell. The lid was thrown off and an angry Rebekah looked down at us.

"What have you been doing in my tub?!" She shouted down at us, "there is white stuff in the water!"

"I am sorry, your highness," Ewan said in a small voice, "it is all my fault."

"Your bed is damp too!" I heard Amber call from the bedroom, "they have been on it!"

We had forgotten to dry ourselves with the towels and our damp bodies had moistened the eiderdown.

"Get out now!" Rebekah shouted at us.

We sheepishly climbed out of the barrel and stood, heads bowed, in front of the princess whose complexion was reddened by her anger.

"You are going to suffer for this!" She shouted at us as she stamped her beautiful little foot and waved her beautiful little finger at us.

"Oh my goodness!" Exclaimed Ewan as he looked at her, "you have a penis!"

"Yes," she replied in a more controlled tone, "and you are going to have it put inside you."

"And after she has finished with you," said the naked Amber as she came out of the bedroom and stood next to Rebekah, "I will put mine in you."

"And if that isn't enough for you," said the naked Ruby as she came into the room and stood next to Amber, "there is always me."

Ewan and I looked at the three young shemales standing in front of us, all with their erections sticking out from their beautiful young bodies and we sighed.

"Come here," said Rebekah as she took Ewan by the wrist and led him into the bedroom.

"And you," Ruby said to me as she grabbed my arm and pulled me after her.

Amber gave me a slap on the ass as I passed in front of her, it felt nice.

"Suck my cock," Rebekah said to Ewan as she lay on the bed, her stiff cock sticking up like a big pink sausage.

Ewan climbed onto the bed and knelt beside her. He wrapped his fingers around her cock, pulled back her foreskin, leaned down, opened his mouth and took her length in it.

"Mmmmm," she murmured, "you've done this before."

"Has he done this to you?" Ruby asked me.

"No mistress," I replied in all honesty.

"But you would like him to, wouldn't you?" Amber asked.

I nodded in reply, I would have liked it to have been my cock in his mouth, not Rebekah's.

"Is he any good?" Ruby asked her mistress.

"Oh yes," Rebekah replied, "it feels sooo nice."

"Do that to me, cum-slut," Amber said to me, "suck my cock like your boyfriend is sucking the princess's."

Amber stood on the bed and I stood on the floor in front of her. I took hold of her cock shaft, peeled back her foreskin, opened my mouth, moved into position and took it in my mouth. I ran my hand up and down the shaft as I started to suck on the engorged head which had salty pre cum leaking from it which made my mouth water.

"What about me?" Pouted Ruby.

"Fuck the elf," Rebekah told her, "fuck him up the arse while he sucks me off."

I twisted my head slightly so as to be able to watch. Ruby applied some jelly to Ewan's ass hole while he carried on sucking on Rebekah's cock. I heard him give a little squeak as she pushed the bulbous head of her cock inside him, stretching his ring.

"Oooh," said Rebekah, "he sucked a little harder when you entered him, Ruby."

"Concentrate!" Amber said loudly as she took hold of my head and turned it back to face her muff.

I lifted my eyes to hers and mumbled an apology. She stroked my cheek and then gave it a little slap to focus my mind on my task.

"Oh the gods, he is tight," said Ruby, "he is tighter than the cum-slut."

"I'm coming," moaned Rebekah, "oh, oh, ooooh!"

I could hear Ewan gulp as he swallowed repeatedly, trying to keep up with the huge load that I knew she was depositing in his mouth.

"Oh the gods!" Cried Ruby as she obviously put her mess up his rear end.

"Mmmmmph," was the sound that came from Amber's mouth as her cock throbbed, squirting hot sticky spunk into me.

It missed my tongue, it missed my teeth, it went straight to the back of my throat and I swallowed quickly so as not to cough back up the steady delivery of sticky white goo that was fed to me.

After a while the three of them finished emptying their balls into us. Amber moved back, pulling her softening cock from my mouth, Ruby withdrew from Ewan's ass and Rebekah lifted his head from her flaccid penis.

"Now get back in your fucking barrel," Rebekah said softly, but menacingly.

I took Ewan by the hand and we slunk off, both with erections, both looking forward to comforting each other once we were back in our wooden chamber.