 Copyrights: 

This story is written, authored, and copyright owned by, Author, Penname Henry C. Roberts. This is a complete work of fiction. 

Except what is permitted by the US Copyright Act of 1976, No part of this story or art can be written, reproduced, copied, or stored in a sharing database, or shared without prior written consent of the author. 

This story is a work of fiction: names, character, places, location, and ideas are products of the author's imagination. If anything resembles anything actual, it is by coincidence and solely used fictitiously. All characters are fictional and over 18 years of age. 

Disclaimer: 

This story is for Adults Only. If you are underage, exit now. Make sure to store this book where minors cannot access it. This book contains graphic language and scenes of sexual acts. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18 years old. All sexual acts are consenting. This story portrays scenes of intercourse, voyeur, hand and Fellatio. 

Thank you for reading and leaving a review. 

 

***** 

Saturday 

Waking up hungry, all of the members of Alpha Rho Chi head to the kitchen for breakfast. It's a good thing the kitchen is accommodating. The members need space and room. The frat house has a gourmet restaurant style kitchen. It can easily handle 40 frat members. However, currently, the expansive roster of members enrolled in Alpha Rho Chi is one, Zachariah (Zack) Bernstein. 

Zack has been the sole member of this fine fraternity, Alpha Rho Chi, since his first day at Jock University. In the beginning, he fought the administration that placed him in the moldy, smelly, abandon frat house. However, once he realized the pleasure of having an entire house to himself, he quit fighting. During a cleaning session, he found a door in the attic. Now, he adores his frat house. 

Last time he used the door, he saw his desire, MaryLynn, in a private moment. He now faces a moral dilemma. Last night, when he opened the door to see MaryLynn Bishop, he saw her bedroom through the eyes of her cat. She was preparing for bed while he watched. When she was ready, she laid on her bed. As she lays on the bed completely nude, he saw her start to pleasure herself, he studied every second. His mind recorded every place her hand and toy pleased her intimate areas. This one session gave him more knowledge of what pleases her then one could ever imagine. 

Now, he feels guilty of his intrusion into her privacy. 'Should he continue? Should he stop?' The emotional conflicts have been racing in his head all morning. On one hand, he can only think of seeing her by any means necessary, but on the other hand, he knows it's wrong to invade her personal space. The only decision he has made is one way or the other, he wants her. 

On the menu in the gourmet kitchen is Frosted Flakes. Two bowls to be exact. After he finishes his breakfast, Zack settles down in the library of the frat house to start his studies. Even thou he rather think of MaryLynn all day, he has to maintain a minimum 3.0 GPA, so the frat boy needs to study. 

The library has three round tables in the center with three chairs at each. Only one table is clear for him to use to study. Three of the walls in the dusty library have bookshelves. Each bookshelf is almost full of old dusty volumes of hardbacks, paperbacks, and manuals. The smell of old dusty books fills the room. For being abandoned, this part of the house is impressive. Taking the textbooks he needs from one of the full tables, the sole frat boy sits down to study. 

After pulling off a three-hour studying binge of Chemistry and Biology, it's time for a break. To reward all the hard effort, a trip to the attic has been decided. It was a close voting race, but in the end, perversion won. Taking two steps at a time, Zack heads up the enclosed staircase to the attic. It's about thirty minutes before the noon lunch rush, so he assumes she will be working. 

Standing in front of the door, Zack closes his eyes. He says aloud, "MaryLynn, MaryLynn, MaryLynn." Then, he turns the doorknob and pulls it open. A light penetrates the attic. It's bright and fills the room. The light of most restaurants around campus tend to be bright, hospital bright, to encourage students to study and consume goods. Once the door is completely open, MaryLynn comes in view. 

MaryLynn is standing behind the counter at the Coffeehouse. Her low cut green shirt clings to her over-endowed chest, and the V-neck top provides an ample view of her deep valley of cleavage. As she wipes the counter, her voluptuous breasts bounce, slightly. Her dark hair is up in a loose ponytail which gives the impression she has done some cleaning in the restaurant, today. The expression on her face is calm but bored as she waits for a customer. 

It's an intense way to spy on someone, but the door is effective. The view from the door keeps dipping down as the owner of the eyes looks down to drink his/her coffee. The unknowing patron keeps looking around the store and barely focuses on MaryLynn. 

Zack shuts the door. He found out the information he wanted. She's at work. Even thou he is unable to concentrate, he returns to his studies for less than an hour as he waits for the lunch rush to pass. Once the time passes, Zack prepares to see MaryLynn in person. 

Upon entering the Coffeehouse, Zack heads straight to the counter. She is leaning over the counter with her cellphone in hand. Holding the phone and leaning on the counter, the action is pushing her rack up. The view of her deep cleavage causes Zack's eyes to focus straight to her breasts. When MaryLynn looks up, he pulls his eyes away. When he looks her in the eyes, she has a gentle smile. She knows right where he was looking, but she smiles anyway. His smile grows. He greets the girl of his dreams, "Hey MaryLynn. How's it going?" 

"Hey! Good. You? Want your normal?" she replied as she steps to the milk steamer. 

"Yep, and a Turkey and Cheese sandwich, please." 

"Having lunch, too?" 

"Yep," Zack said trying to not be caught staring, again. 

"Great. How are classes going?" 

Zack watches as she makes the only drink he likes, a Caramel Macchiato. During dozens of trips to the Coffeehouse to just see her, he only found one drink he could tolerate. His eyes go from her flat mid-drift her shirt exposes, to her well-endowed chest, and to her angel like beauty which accented by her dark long hair pulled back in a ponytail. For a smart guy, words always leave his brain around her. He tries to reply to her questions. His eyes back on her chest, he says, "Classes are going great, thanks. Is math class going well?" 

"Yes, thanks again for tutoring me. We meet again next Tuesday. Right?" 

"Yep, at the library like last time," Zack said with a smile. 

"Hey, can you come back here at seven?" 

A little confused, Zack replies quickly, "Yes?" 

"Great! Mind walking me home? I hate to walk home alone, and Rex is out of town at a game." 

"Absolutely, I will," Zack replied not wanting to hear about Rex, her boyfriend. 

"OK. Thanks. See ya then," she said sliding his bank card through the machine and handing him the receipt. She smiles sweetly as he walks off to have lunch. 

... 

The next several hours seem to take a lifetime, but finally, it's six-thirty. Zack leaves his lone frat house with extra time to spare. It would be terrible to be late to such a trusted assignment. Opening the door to the Coffeehouse, he steps inside. Looking around she is not insight. He thinks, 'SHIT', as his heart races and pounds in his chest. He fears he's too late. 

Before his concern escalates, MaryLynn appears from the back of the store. The counter usually blocks the bottom half view of her, but currently, nothing is in the way. His jaw drops as the full frame is revealed. Her tight V-neck green shirt leaves her mid-drift uncovered. The jean-shorts hang low on her wide hips, and while it covers her round voluminous posterior, her shorts slightly tease the mind with a minuscule of hope that her shorts will actually reveal the bottom of her firm rear. 

Her thighs are full, thick, and creamy, and her legs appear to be the sole reason for her height due to their long length. Her thick thighs and long legs end in a basic pair of white tennis shoes. The total view of her causes his throat to dry, so when she asks, "You ready, Zack?" He barely squeaks out a low reply. 

"Y..e..Yeah." 

"Great," MaryLynn said walking by him to open the door. She is used to men staring at her, but Zack's obsession has always seemed gentle. She doubts he has much experience with girls, but his helpful manner is refreshing. 

"So, do you usually work late? It's dark and past closing," Zack asked as he holds the door open. 

"No, I am usually off after lunch. Maybe once or twice before, Kelly has asked me to stay and help with inventory. Her husband picks her up, and Rex walks me home." 

"Oh well, that's nice of him. I guess," Zack comments as he rolls his eyes. 

"Yeah, kind of, but it's just an excuse for him to come to my dorm, late. He's a pervert." 

"and A jerk," Zack said low more to himself. 

"What?" 

"Nothing, just talking to myself," he said. When she smiles softly at him, his confidence grows. "Are you cold?" Mr. Confidence said removing his coat and moving to lay it over her shoulders. 

MaryLynn lets the coat lay over her shoulders. "Thanks," is her reply as their eyes meet. "You're nice, Zack. Don't change into a frat boy jerk." 

"I'll try, so far so good," he replied with a smile. The walk to her dorm takes them by the Burger Joint. "Hey, B Joint has the best burger. Hungry? I am?" 

"Yeah, I am, but I don't have my wallet." 

"Great, let's eat. It's my treat," Zack said. 

The Burger Joint is crowded, but the host flirts with MaryLynn and is quick to get them a booth. The host is an older dark skin model type with slick hair. Mr. Slick shows them to their seat. Mr. Slick gives Zack a shocked look. Slick's eyes go from Zack to MaryLynn not believing MaryLynn's his "date". The host stares directly at her when he talks, "You need anything. You call me. I am your man, madam. Just holler, "Zeus", and I will appear to see to your pleasure." 

MaryLynn takes her menu and gives a polite giggle to the Fabio want-a-be. Smiling as she looks to Zack, she says, "See Zack, don't change. Men can be pigs." 

"I see. That happen a lot? I bet, since you're so pretty," Zack said instantly turning red. He goes quite. His confidence has never allowed him to be bold. He looks away. 

This time, her soft laugh is pure and genuine as she comments, "Yes, too often. Thanks. You're sweet, Zack. You tutor me, walk me home, and buy me dinner. I haven't done anything for you." MaryLynn thinks to herself, 'he is caring and not just out for her body'. This thought is refreshing. 

"Well, since you asked, you could give me a blowjob. I bet with your full lips, it will feel awesome." 

"For you my chivalrous hero, I will do anything," the busty goddess replied as she slides under the table. 

Moments later he feels her hands on his hips encouraging him to slide forward. The unzipping sound causes his cheeks to redden. He feels her soft fingers search in his pants and locates his growing manhood. MaryLynn pulls his cock from his pants and licks the growing member. With her hand around it, she holds his cock tighter. Beginning to moan, he feels her hand start to move up and down. The sensation is better than when he opened his college acceptance letter. 

Her tongue on the tip resumes it magic at preparing his rigid member. As she licks the tip of his member, her hand continues to slide up and down his length. Zack gasps as he feels her lips move over his purple head. She starts sucking and licking his cockhead likes it's a lollypop. The actions start to drive him nuts. When her lips lower down on him, his moan deepens and increases. He feels the suction all around as she starts to piston her movements. 

Glancing down under the table; he only makes out her dark long hair. Dark hair has obstructed the view, but the sense of touch informs him of what he can't see. Softs lips form an angelic suction around his rock hard dick. Then, MaryLynn's lips move up and down his entire length. 

Suddenly aware of being in a restaurant, he scans the area for anyone noticing their perversion. 

However, Zack is unable to pull his eyes from her dark silk hair moving up and down on his crotch. He feels her pace increase. Her movement is faster and fastest. He knows he is about to burst with his orgasmic juices. 

"Zack... Zack!... Zack? What are you looking at?" 

Tensing he feels her mouth start to drain his testicles. The testicular fluid keeps filling her mouth. He smiles as he watches her take and consume his entire load. 

"Z A C K!! Why are you smiling?" 

Realizing MaryLynn couldn't talk if his junk is deep in her throat, he snaps back into reality. He was having a day dream. "Umm... Sorry. What?" 

"I was just saying, 'You have done so much for me,' and I haven't done anything. You're too nice," said MaryLyn. 

"Oh, it's no problem. You have been nice to me. You don't owe me anything." 

"I have been nice to you? How? I just make your coffee," MaryLynn said looking into Zack's eyes. 

"You notice me. Not many girls do." 

Their burgers arrive. The conversation turns to school, and life in all-girl or all-boy schools. Zack explains his desire to be a city engineer or building architect at a design firm, and MaryLynn talks about wanting to be an elementary teacher or author. Both laugh and enjoy the meal. After paying the bill, they both stand to prepare to leave. 

Before leaving the Burger Joint, the asshole host stops them. Fabio want-a-be has his focus squarely on MaryLynn. Staring at MaryLynn, Zeus, the host, says, "Madam, I hoped you enjoyed your meal. I want to give you my card and get your number. If you need assistance, I want to be an instant away." 

"The meal was fine, but the staff isn't. How dare you? You feel it's polite to ask me out in front of my boyfriend?" 

"Your boyfriend? Him?" asshole scoffs in Zack's direct. "I am not an idiot, impossible." 

"Really?" she replied with a devious smile on her face. 

As she turns and faces Zack, he has no clue what is about to come. She steps up in front of him. With no time to over think, his mouth parts in an 'awe' expression as she throws her arms around his head and pulls him into a passionate kiss. The action is so quick his mind is completely out of the movement, and it becomes pure instinct. Furthermore, when she parts her lips seconds into the kiss, he follows right along. 

His hands naturally move to her hips as the make-out starts. MaryLynn moves her inside hand, the one out of the host's view, down to her hips. Her hand takes his hand from her hip, and smoothly pulling his hand downward, her hand places him on her firm rear end. Separating briefly from the kiss she moans softly, "Oh dear. You are so naughty. You know I love when you grab my ass." 

MaryLynn leans in for a brief kiss. Then, leaning her head to his neck, her lips brush his neck. As they pull apart, she whispers in Zack's ear, "Keep your hand on my butt." 

As the couple leaves, they walk side-by-side. Zack's hand is firm on her ass. He looks back at a shocked host and flips him the bird with his free hand. Zack has a smile from ear to ear. Once out the front door, MaryLynn turns back to Zack, she says, "That was fun. He's an ass." 

Removing his hand from her rear, he says, "Yeah, he deserved it. Thanks for standing up for me." 

"Like I said before, you're sweet and kind. With confidence, you will be a lady killer." 

"Too bad the lady I like has a boyfriend," Zack said. With those words, they continue to her dorm. MaryLynn gives him a polite kiss on the cheek for his guard duty as they say, "Goodbye." Then, she enters her dorm. 

Sunday 

The night before, Zack stayed away from the door. He focused on his studies. After the awesome time with MaryLynn, he did not feel proper gazing at her through the door. With a full night devoted to his academics and rest, the stud woke up full of energy and bounce. 

Zack heads straight to the Coffeehouse after deciding his dedication to his books deserves breakfast at the Coffeehouse. He opens the door to the restaurant with a huge smile on his face and walks straight into a wall. A wall with the name Rex and a devilish smile the Joker would envy. 

"It's my little buddy. How you doin, little buddy?" the wall said. 

"Fine," Zack replied trying to look around the hulk. The linebacker's pure size made it impossible to see the counter around him. 

"Looking for something? Or someone, I should say?" 

"Yes... umm, I mean just to order. I was going to get a sandwich," Zack said bobbing his head over Rex's left shoulder than right shoulder. 

Rex's evil grin increases, he says, "I have something better for you. Heard of a Titty Twister?" 

"A what?" Zack replied not paying much attention. That's a mistake. 

Without speaking, Rex inches, between his thumb and index finger, Zack's right nipple. Before Zack knows what happen, Rex squeezes tight and twists. He twists so hard for a moment Zack fears his areola is being amputated. Zack is unable to say anything. The pain and shock are too much to allow him to function. After the brute releases his sensitive area, Zack is able to respond with, "OOOuuch. Why di..." 

Rex cuts him off saying, "Stay away from my girl, little bitch." 

"Rex, leave him alone. Move jerk," MaryLynn said directly behind Rex. With her hand on his side, the action causes the brute to move. She rests a hand on Zack's shoulder as he comes to the counter. She makes Zack his favorite drink, a Caramel Macchiato. 

"What, babe? We were just joking. Right, Little Buddy?" Rex said as his eye narrow in a glare at Zack. 

MaryLynn finishes the drink. "Anything else?" 

"No, thanks," Zack said. The attack has made him lose his appetite. "I have to go," he said as he reaches for his wallet. 

"My treat. For the burger last night," replied MaryLynn. The worst reply she could have given. 

With that, Zack turns and leaves the Coffeehouse. Pissed and embarrassed. He just passes the Coffeehouse window when he hears, "Little Bitch." For a dumb reason, he turns to the voice. BAM!! 

Rex's uppercuts him directly in the gut with his Volkswagen-size fist. Zack's coffee and urine leave him. With piss running down his leg and coffee pooling at his feet, Zack hears the words of the devil say, "Next time I hear you even look at my girl, I'm gonna fuck you up bad, Little Bitch. Stay away." With a shove, Rex leaves Little Bitch on the ground. 

Zack holds his stomach and tears wet his face. The day just went in an 180-degree turn. Lying in the fetal position curled up holding himself. He hears a voice, "Are a Little Bitch." 'What,' Zack thinks. He turns to look up. All he can make out, as his eyes focus, is an NY Mets hat. 

"I said, 'Are you a Little Bitch.'" 

"Leave me alone, mister. I don't have any money." 

"Or balls. Answer me, Are you a Little Bitch?" 

"No, but he's a giant. I can't do anything. He's a fucking jerk," Zack replied with anger and embarrassment. 

"Get up, Little Bitch." 

"What?" 

The owner of the NY Mets cap reaches a hand under his armpit. At first glance, the man looks fragile and elderly, but his grip is firm. One handed, he lifts him to his feet. 

"Come with me, Little Bitch. Let me show you something." 

"Mister, I... I ain't like that." 

"Not that." 

Walking a few blocks down the road, the couple stands in front a building Zack has passed prior. The Gym is painted in yellow letters on the front. It's old and rusty, but peering into a window it looks active. 
