 "This looks a likely bet," said Amber as she walked towards a boat tied up to the jetty.

It was a fairly big boat and looked as if it would stand up to any weather. It looked well kept and the sails were all furled nicely. We walked up the gangplank and were welcomed aboard by an elf, a rather handsome young elf.

"Is your captain aboard?" Asked Amber.

"Yes," he replied, "I shall take you to him."

The boat was about to head back to the land of the elves and Amber asked if we could be dropped off at the island of the trolls.

"We were stopping there anyway," the captain told us, "another passenger will be getting off there."

* * * * * * *

We were a day into our voyage and Amber and I were lying on the afterdeck sunbathing in the nude. The crew of five, all elves, were busy doing sailor stuff and they ignored us.

"I would have thought the crew would be looking at you," I said to Amber, "it is not often you get to see a beautiful young woman with a nine inch cock sunbathing naked on your boat."

"Oh, they're looking alright," she replied with a smile, "it's just they are good at not showing it."

"Oh really?" I asked, "then let's give them something to really look at."

I rolled off my back onto my side, leaned forward, opened my mouth and took Amber's flaccid cock in it. She sighed as I pulled her foreskin back with my hand and began to lick her glans. I turned my eyes to see her reaction, she had her eyes closed and a big smile on her face. I let go of her cock and put my hand between her legs. She opened her legs.

"Mmm,yes," she said softly, "put a finger up me."

I pushed my forefinger up her bum, all the way, as far as I could get it.

"Mmmmmm, nice," she whispered.

Her cock was secreting pre cum, I could taste it's saltiness on my tongue. I started to bob my head up and down as I sucked her and I pulled my finger out and pushed it back in rapidly.

"Oh Joe!" She cried, "oh this is heavenly!"

Within a minute or so her hips started bucking and she rolled her head from side to side, moaning loudly.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! OOOOOOOHH!" She cried out as she reached the finish.

I knew what to expect but this time she exceeded expectations, a powerful jet of cum was shot into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat like a cannon ball. I pulled back and swallowed hurriedly as more and more cum blasted into me.

"Oh Joe! Oh Joe! OH JOE!" She shouted as she kept coming.

Just them I heard a very loud splash and a roar of laughter. I lifted my head and looked around. The crew were all standing in the rigging, watching us, one of them must have lost his grip and fallen overboard.

"Don't look at them!" Cried Amber as she grabbed hold of my head and pushed me back onto her cock, "concentrate on me!"

I sucked the last of her cum from her and swallowed it down. She relaxed and let go of my head so I took my mouth away from her. I sat up and looked down onto the main deck where a young elf was just clambering up over the side, water dripping from him.

"You should have been more careful, Elm," said the captain as he hauled his subordinate over the handrail and onto the deck.

"He was too busy wanking while he watched our passengers," said one of the others from his vantage point in the rigging.

Amber stood up and walked to the rail on the afterdeck. She leaned over and looked down at the captain and Elm. I looked at her ass and sighed, she had the most beautiful ass. I knew that Amber was showing the captain her beautiful full round breasts.

"Come up here and dry off in the sun," Amber called down.

"What about us?" One of the others called down to her, "if we get soaked can we dry off with you?"

"What say you captain?" Asked Amber, "will you allow your crew to take some leisure time?"

"We are always becalmed at this time of day mistress," the captain called up to her, "my crew may rest for a while."

They all climbed down from the rigging and came up to the afterdeck. I looked at them as they approached, they were all young and handsome, and they all had bulges in their breeches.

"Will you join us too?" Amber called down to the captain.

"Thank you mistress," he replied, "that would be most convivial."

The crew stripped off their shirts and lay around in the sunshine. One of them went below decks and came back carrying some fruit which was distributed to us all. Amber stood between two of the crew and put her arms around them, this emboldened them and they each began to rub one of her breasts.

"She is a real beauty," one of the others said to me, as he bit into a very succulent peach, "you must enjoy what she does to you."

"I do," I replied as I turned to look into his eyes.

He got the message, leaned forward and we started kissing. The juice of the peach ran from his mouth to mine. I felt a hand reach around from behind me and take my stiffening cock in hand. I reached behind me and rubbed whoever it was on his thigh.

"Get your breeches off," Amber said in a husky voice to the men massaging her tits, "I want to suck your cocks."

I let out a muffled moan as the hand on my cock began to move up and down more rapidly. Sucking Amber off in front of an audience had proved to be a real turn-on for me and I knew that I would not last long.

"Oh the gods, this is nice," said one as Amber knelt in front of him and took his cock in her mouth.

"Steady yourself," said the one who had been rubbing Amber's tits with him, "I'm coming in."

What he meant by that was that he was about to shove his stiff cock up his shipmate's ass. He had smeared Marlock's jelly liberally all over his member, making it look like a blue sausage and he slid it up the other crewman effortlessly.

"Oh the gods!" The man moaned aloud as he felt himself being filled with cock while Amber fellated him expertly.

"Mmmmmph!" I mumbled as I was brought off by the anonymous hand reaching around me.

I felt my cock throb and send my cum shooting out. I put my hands on the head of the man kissing me and pulled his face hard against mine. Our tongues wriggled around together and our saliva mixed.

"OH!" Cried the man with his cock in Amber's mouth.

I swivelled my eyes and watched as Amber swallowed repeatedly, trying not to drown in the sea of cum being put in her mouth.

"The gods!" Cried the man buggering him, "I'm coming!"

He stopped moving, his cock buried deeply in his friend's ass, and grunted as he put his load up him.

"Get on your knees," the captain said to me.

I broke the kiss and looked around, the captain and the rest of the crew were all naked and sporting substantial erections. I got down on my hands and knees and let out a sigh as I felt the cooling jelly pushed inside me by a couple of fingers. I knew what was coming next.

"Oh yes, that's nice," I heard the captain say as a large stiff cock was pushed up my ass.

I pushed back as he pushed forward and I could feel his balls squashed against the backs of my thighs. He pulled it back and then pushed it back in, it felt nice to be filled by cock.

"You were right mistress Locks," I heard the captain say, "he has a lovely tight ass."

"He loves getting it filled with cum," Amber replied, "make sure you put all you have in him."

I was soundly buggered, first by the captain and then by the remaining three members of the crew who had not yet come. Each time a cock was put inside me I felt myself getting ever closer to coming again.

"Shall I make you come?" One of the crew asked as he took hold of my cock.

"Yes," I told him, "wank me while your shipmate fucks me."

He did a perfect job, his hand moving in time with the cock that was being rammed in and out of my slutty ass.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" I cried as I felt my seed fill my tubes.

"Oooooh!" Cried the man inside me.

I felt his cock throb, sending even more cum into my rectum. This sent me over the edge. I let out a low moan of pleasure and cum began to run like a river from my cock, landing with a splash on the deck.

"You were right again mistress Locks," said the captain, "he is a real cum-slut."

As much as I did not like being called that, Amber did have a point.

* * * * *

We had made good progress once the wind had picked up again, but when darkness came we were once again becalmed. I stood at the side of the boat looking out into the night, wondering about what Ewan might be doing back at the castle.

"It is a fine evening," a voice spoke from behind me, I recognised it as the captain's.

"Yes," I replied, "nice and warm."

He stood behind me, put his arms around me and pressed me against the handrail. I could feel his bulging cock throught the material of our breeches and my balls began to fizz.

"What is your name?" He asked.

"Josiah," I replied, "but my friends call me Joe."

"I thought that was what I heard mistress Locks calling you. I am Fargo."

"Who is your other passenger? 

"Morag the witch."

I wondered what she wanted at the island of the trolls.

"I haven't seen her on deck."

"She said that she would stay in her cabin and that we were not to disturb her. Talking of cabins, would you like to come to mine?"

"I would like that, yes."

Fargo kissed me on the back of my neck, which sent a tingle down my spine and made my balls fizz even more. He stepped back, I turned, he put out his hand, I took it, he led me away.

"I loved fucking you today," he told me as we undressed, "I was hoping that you would let me have you again."

I had not had a chance to look at him properly before, so I watched as he took off his clothes. He was probably mid-thirties, tall and lithe, like elves tended to be, but his skin was not as pale, probably due to being out in the sun all the time. His face was handsome, I could understand both men and women being attracted to him.

"It is obvious that you like what you see," he said, smiling and pointing to my erect cock which was dripping pre cum onto the wooden planks of the cabin floor.

"You are beautiful," I told him.

He took the lid from a jar of blue jelly, scooped some onto his fingers, went over and leaned back on his desk, lay back with his legs in the air and pushed his fingers up his own ass.

"Well," he said, "what are you waiting for?"

I walked forward, held my cock against his ring and pushed.

"Ooh!" We both moaned as my cock slipped inside him.

With a few gentle thrusts my cock was buried in his ass up to the hilt. He held his legs up and apart, his hands behind his knees, I wrapped my fingers around his big stiff cock and pulled back his foreskin.

"Oh Joe," he said softly, "wank me while you fuck me, make me come, I want to come while I feel you come inside me."

I fucked him and I wanked him slowly, taking my time, enjoying the moment.

"The gods, this is nice," he told me, "I haven't had it like this for a long time."

I made it last as long as I could, but the combination of having my cock in his tight ass and my fingers wrapped around his beautiful cock was too much. I picked up speed, both with my hips and my hand and we both cried out as we exploded.

"Oh! Oh!" OH!!!" Shouted Fargo as spunk came shooting out of his cock, flying high in the air and landing on his face, chest and stomach.

"Oh Fargo!" I cried out as I squirted a big load up his colon, my cock throbbing repeatedly as my balls emptied into him.

I pulled out and stepped back. He let go of his legs and they dropped back down to dangle off the edge of his desk. 

"That was nice," he said as he got off the desk and came towards me.

I poked my tongue out and started to lick his cum from him. I started with his face and worked my way down his chest to his stomach. He ran his hands through my hair as I licked him.

"Mmmm, nice," he whispered as I played my tongue over his body.

I stood up and we put our arms around each other and kissed. I liked the feeling of his tongue in my mouth and his hands running up and down my back. 

"Do you want to sleep here tonight?" He asked.

I nodded in reply.

* * * * * 

Troll island appeared in the morning. Not long after, we were tied up at the jetty.

"Do you want us to pick you up on our return journey?" Fargo asked Amber, "we will be passing this way in three days."

"Yes," she replied, "I would like that."

"And so would I," I said, looking into Fargo's eyes.

We disembarked and stood on the jetty. 

"Here she is," I said to Amber as Morag left the boat, "I wonder why though."

"Hello mistress," Amber said to the witch as she walked past us, "what brings you here?"

"A dragon," the old hag replied.

'Now that is interesting,' I thought to myself.