 I drove the princess's carriage into the courtyard of the palace and pulled the horses to a halt. An old dwarf with a long white beard took hold of the lead horse and I helped the three young women from the carriage.

"Lettie will stay here tonight," princess Rebekah told me, "you may take her home tomorrow."

"Very well, highness," I replied, bowing to her.

"You must take Ruby to the house of Morag the witch, there is something I require from her," Rebekah told me, "take my small cart, it is the fastest."

"Yes, highness," I replied.

* * * * * * *

"She has gone away," said the incredibly old crone who answered Ruby's knock at Morag's door.

'My God!' I thought to myself, 'is that Magda?'

The old witch was looking very old, she seemed to have put on years since I had last seen her, which was only a week or so previously.

"The princess sent us," Ruby told the old hag, "she requires some of a special potion that Morag prepares for her."

We were ushered into Morag's house. The old witch led us into a room where there were shelves filled with bottle and jars containing all sorts of powders and potions.

"I think this is the one that the princess buys," said the witch as she handed Ruby a very small bottle containing a very small quantity of liquid.

"She wants all that there is," Ruby told the witch, "I have gold with which to pay for it."

The deal was done and we were shown the door.

* * * * * * *

"Let's stop here," Ruby said as we came to the elf sisters' tavern, "I am sure Lettie will be able to amuse my mistress until we return."

"I'm sure she will," I agreed, remembering the scene I had witnessed the previous evening.

I led the horse to the stable and unharnessed it while Ruby went into the tavern.

When I entered the tavern Emma was sitting chatting to Ruby whilst Ellie poured the drinks. The elves waved to me and I waved back.

"As you can see," said Emma, "trade is scarce. The demon has caused people to stay indoors at night and with failing crops they have no groats to spend on ale or wine."

"Well," said Ruby, "we met a gallant knight on the road who is going to rid the magical kingdom of the troublesome creature."

"Good," said Emma.

"Is he your boyfriend?" Ellie asked Ruby, indicating me.

"Goodness no," replied Ruby, "I prefer you to him."

"Oh really?" Asked Ellie, blushing slightly.

I remembered Ashka telling me how all elves were bi-sexual to some degree and Ellie's reaction to Ruby's words made my balls tingle a little.

"But could you satisfy mistress Ellie like I could?" I asked Ruby.

Ruby just smiled at me and laughed.

"Sounds like a challenge," said Emma.

"Look after the tavern," Ellie told her sister, "I shall show master Joe and mistress Ruby upstairs."

Ellie led us upstairs to her bedroom, which was large. Lit by many candles, it had a dressing table, a mirror, a chest of drawers and a very large bed in the middle of the room.

"Who kisses best?" Ellie asked, "do you want to go first Joe?"

I went to her and took her in my arms. I put my lips to hers and kissed her open-mouthed, exploring her teeth and tongue with my tongue.

"Mmmm, not bad," she said as I broke the embrace.

Ruby went to her and did the same as me. I thought that Ellie might have enjoyed Ruby's kiss more by the way she put her hands on Ruby's head and held her close to her.

As they kissed I stripped off my clothes, I wanted to be ready for action. My cock was erect and my balls were fizzing, I knew it would not take much to bring me off.

"Oh look, he's ready," laughed Ellie when she saw me standing there, stark naked.

"Perhaps he should take you first then," said Ruby as she stood behind Ellie and unbuttoned her gown.

Once Ellie was naked, she climbed onto the bed and lay on her back, legs drawn up and apart. I climbed onto the bed and put my head between her thighs. She let out a sigh as I poked my tongue out and licked up her slit, enjoying the taste of the juice that was starting to flow from her.

"Too quick," tutted Ruby, "I always start at the toes."

I ignored the criticism and continued licking Ellie out. She seemed to be enjoying what I was doing as she writhed around and moaned loudly, especially when I flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue.

I felt quite pleased with myself when Ellie started to shake and call for the gods, I knew she was about to come.

"Oh yes!" She shouted, "Oh gods! Ooooooh!"

I felt a jet of liquid splash onto my chin as she had what I guessed was a pretty intense orgasm.

"We shall let her calm down for a while," Ruby told me, "and then we shall see if I can improve on that."

"Don't I get to fuck her?" I asked, "I really would like to fuck her."

"Er, hello!" Said Ellie, loudly, "she's in the room!"

"Sorry," said Ruby.

The door opened and Lizzie the pixie walked in. As always, she looked incredibly cute in her little blue dress and blue ankle boots, with her matching hair cut in a bob.

"Emma told me you were up here," she said to Ellie, "something about a competition."

"Hello," said Ruby in what can only be described as a licentious way, "you look pretty."

"You're not so bad yourself," replied Lizzie.

"Are you gay?" Ruby asked her.

"I'm anything for a silver coin," replied Lizzie.

"Show Joe how to please a woman then Ruby," said Ellie, obviously worried that Lizzie was distracting Ruby's attention away from her.

Ruby turned her attention back to Ellie and climbed onto the bed next to her. She leaned over and put her mouth to Ellie's left teat. Ellie let out a sigh as she felt the other woman start to suckle.

"Do you want to do that to me?" Lizzie asked me.

I nodded and started to pull her little blue dress up over her head. My mouth began to water as I took in the sight of her slender young body dressed in her pale blue bra and panties.

"Oh the gods!" Exclaimed Ellie as Ruby kissed her way down towards her beautiful blonde bush.

"I think she likes it," said Lizzie as she watched while I undid her bra and slipped it off her pretty little tits.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Cried Ellie as Ruby began to use her tongue expertly on Ellie's vagina.

"She's getting close," said Lizzie as I pulled her panties down, revealing her pale blue pubic bush.

"Oooooooohhhhh!" Cried Ellie as she had what looked and sounded like a very intense orgasm.

"She's there," said Lizzie as I slid my forefinger inside her cunt, her warm wet cunt.

"That's how it should be done," said Ruby, indicating the panting, moaning woman writhing about on the bed.

Lizzie reached down and gripped my cock. She moved her hand up and down rapidly and within a few seconds streamers of thick white cum spewed out of it to stripe the bedroom floor.

"Oh Lizzie," laughed Ellie, "I thought he was going to fuck me."

"I'll fuck you if you want," said Ruby.

Ellie gave her a puzzled look.

"Watch," said Ruby as she picked one of the bottles form her bag, removed the stopper and dripped the liquid contents down her throat.

There was the usual flash and smoke. When the smoke cleared it was evident that there was something in Ruby's breeches that had not been there before.

"That looks interesting," said Ellie as she looked at the bulge in Ruby's breeches.

Ruby smiled at Ellie as she unlaced her breeches and pulled them down. Both Ellie and Lizzie gasped as they beheld ten inches of prime cock sticking out from what was otherwise a beautiful young woman's body.

"Stick that in me!" Cried Ellie as she put her hands behind her knees and held her legs up and apart, ready for penetration.

Ruby lost no time in removing her shirt, pulling her boots off and finishing taking her breeches off.

"No underpants?" I asked.

"Not when your breeches are this soft," she replied throwing said article of clothing to me.

I caught her breeches and felt the material, it was a leather so soft I thought it might melt in my hands. The thought of having something so soft next to my skin made me tingle with desire. I pushed my face into the gusset and inhaled, the scent of woman filled my nostrils and my balls began to fizz.

By the time I looked up, Ruby was lowering herself down onto Ellie. Lizzie and I watched as Ruby's big stiff cock slid inside the young elf-woman's vagina.

"Oh Ruby!" Cried Ellie, "oh that is nice!"

Ruby smiled at her and began to push her cock in and pull it out in a regular rhythm. Ellie pushed up to meet her and pulled Ruby's head down so she could kiss her as they fucked.

"Oh my goodness!" Exclaimed Emma as she entered the room, "what is happening? I closed the tavern and was about to go to bed when I heard my sister cry out. I can see why now"

"She's got a cock," I said to Emma, indicating Ruby, "and she knows how to use it."

"I have too," said Lizzie from behind us.

We all looked over to see that Lizzie was sporting at least eight inches of thick pink flesh which was where her vagina once was.

"What does it feel like?" Emma asked as she stared at Lizzie's cock.

"Nice," Lizzie replied as she stroked herself.

Emma noticed the tiny bottle in Lizzie's other hand. She went to Ruby's bag, took another of the bottles from it, opened it and drank the contents. A second or two later, she was the owner of nine inches of stiff meat and two generously sized balls.

Lizzie hopped onto the bed and knelt beside Ellie and Ruby. Ruby turned her head, leaned down and took Lizzie's cock in her mouth. Lizzie moaned with pleasure as the princess's maid started to suck her cock.

"Will you suck mine?" Emma asked, waving her flaccid cock at me.

I knelt in front of her and opened my mouth. Emma pulled back her foreskin and offered her cock to me. I closed my lips around it and ran my tongue over her glans. I could taste the salty pre cum that was leaking out of it.

"Ooooh, that feels so nice," she said softly as her cock became fully hardened.

I wrapped my fingers around the shaft, I had learned to control how much cock was shoved into my mouth. Emma began to push with her hips, gently fucking me in the mouth.

"Oh the gods! Oh the gods!" Cried Ellie as the fucking she was getting gave her an intense orgasm.

"Oh Ellie!" Cried Ruby as she pumped a full load of cum into the elf-woman writhing around under her.

"Mmmmmmm," moaned Emma, then she came.

It felt as if my mouth was being filled with double-cream, thick rich double-cream, salty-tasting double-cream. It hit the roof of my mouth and ran down my throat as I swallowed, trying not to choke. My lips felt her cock throb every time it shot spunk into my mouth.

"Oh this is nice!" She cried as she filled my mouth with cum, "this is so nice!"

"It's even nicer when you fuck him in his ass," Ruby said as she watched me taking Emma's load.

"Oh, is it?" Asked Lizzie as she climbed off the bed and walked towards me.

Emma finished coming in my mouth and pulled out. In the blink of an eye her cock was gone. 

"It does that," said Ruby.

"But not to you it seems," said Ellie, looking down between her and Ruby.

"Oh, that's strange," said Ruby, "I expect it will go soon."

I stood up and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. Lizzie took my other hand and led me to the bed. I lay down on my back and Lizzie stood at the edge of the bed. Ellie and Ruby got off the bed. They each took hold of one of my legs and lifted it up, exposing my ass hole. Lizzie applied some of the blue gel to my ring, pushing two fingers inside me, coating my back passage, preparing it to receive her cock.

"Oh!" I cried out as I felt the engorged head of Lizzie's cock push it's way inside me.

"Oooh, I like this," said Lizzie as she pushed more and more in me.

"He likes it too," said Ruby, "he loved it when my mistress fucked him."

"Look," said Emma, "you can tell he likes it by the way his cock is getting stiff."

She was right, the pleasure I was getting from being fucked by what had to be described as a nineteen-year-old pixie transgender girl made my cock stiffen and my balls fizz.

"Make me come, please make me come," I said, looking at Lizzie as she fucked me.

Lizzie took hold of my cock and began to wank me as she fucked me. Each thrust into me was timed to each down stroke of her hand, as she increased the speed and force of her thrusts, so she increased the speed of her hand and the tightness of her grip.

"Suck me," said Ellie as she straddled my head and offered nine inches to my mouth.

'She has taken some potion too,' I thought to myself as I opened my mouth to accept more cock.

The fucking and the wanking and the sucking went on for a couple more minutes, then all three of us came. Lizzie squealed with pleasure as she emptied her balls into my rectum. I could feel her cock throb as it squirted hot sticky cum into me. The sensation of being filled by the pixie sent me over the edge and I uttered a muffled grunt as my cock shot off a load which shot high into the air.

"It's all over your back," Emma told Ellie as she watched my spunk land on her sister.

"Oh the gods!" Cried Ellie as she pumped her load down my throat.

Luckily I managed to swallow quickly, keeping up with all the cum that was being shot into my mouth. I looked up at Ellie to see her smile down at me and blow me a kiss.

Lizzie pulled out of me and I felt my ring slowly closing, but was a little shocked to feel another large fleshy sausage being pushed into me which opened it up again. Ellie swung her leg over me and climbed off the bed to reveal that it was Ruby who had got her second wind and was fucking me.

"He is a real cum slut," Ruby told the others, "he loves taking cock, either hole, any time."

I wanted to protest, to tell them that I was not a cum slut at all, but on reflection, I was enjoying what was being done to me so much that she was probably right.

"Uh,uh,uh,uh," moaned Ruby as she banged my ass.

"Oh fuck, this is nice," I moaned in reply.

"Aaaaaah," Ruby sighed softly as she started to pump even more spunk into me.

Ruby finished coming in me and pulled out. My ring was allowed to close this time and I lay on the bed feeling very full inside.

"Will you let him share your bed?" Emma asked Ruby.

"Yes, I think I will," she answered, "I might wake in the night and feel like fucking him again."

Ellie said that we could stay in her room, so Ruby and I climbed under the eiderdown and settled down for the night. The others left us alone and Ruby kissed me goodnight and turned away from me.

'Is Joe gay?' I thought to myself, 'am I gay? Or is being fucked by a girl with a cock straight? The thing is, I really don't fucking care.'

I drifted off to sleep with my insides full of cum and a smile on my face.