 "Oh good, you're back," Rebekah said to Ruby as she led me into her mistress's apartments, "did you get it?"

"Yes," answered Ruby, "but something is different."

"What?"

"Look."

Ruby unlaced her soft leather breeches and out flopped nine inches of flaccid cock.

"Oh my goodness!" Exclaimed Rebekah, "it's all floppy, does the potion not work?"

"On the contrary," replied Ruby, "it works very well, too well. My cock didn't go away after I came last night."

"Oh, so you used some last night, did you?" Asked Rebekah in an annoyed tone.

"Well, he," Ruby said, indicating me, "was desperate for some cock, so I though I should keep him happy."

I decided not to put the princess straight on what had actually happened. Ruby's account would suffice, I reckoned.

"Where is Lettie?" I asked as Ruby carefully put her cock back in her breeches.

"She is filling a tub for me," answered Rebekah, "go through, you both look as if you could do with freshening up."

Ruby and I went through to the bathroom. Kaye was pouring water from a bucket into the large half-barrel that acted as a bathtub.

"Hello," she said when she saw us, "did you get it?"

"Yes," replied Ruby.

"I told her about it," said Rebekah, entering the room behind us a few seconds later, "she doesn't believe me."

"Perhaps she will when I show her this," said Ruby as she unlaced her breeches and flopped her cock out.

"The gods!" Cried Kaye, "you didn't have that the other night!"

"Nor did I," said Rebekah as she walked forward.

Rebekah had taken some potion and stripped off her clothes. She stood beside her maid, displaying a good nine inches, a very erect good nine inches, to the wide-eyed Kaye.

"Shall we get in?" Asked Rebekah as she lifted one leg over the rim of the tub.

Ruby and I stripped off our clothes. Kaye could not take her eyes off of Ruby's cock, which was beginning to stiffen in anticipation. My own cock was getting ready too and my balls were fizzing like crazy.

"Get undressed then," Rebekah told Kaye, "we can all squeeze in here together."

We joined Rebekah in the tub. We stood in a circle, me on Rebekah's left, Ruby on her right and Kaye opposite her. The water came up to Rebekah and Ruby's waists, a little lower for me and a little higher for Kaye.

"Wash me," Rebekah told Ruby.

Rebekah turned to face me and Ruby lathered up her hands and began to wash her mistress's back. I reached down and ran my hand up and down Rebekah's cock.

"Ooooh," she moaned as I pulled back the foreskin, revealing the engorged purple head which was poking up out of the water.

"Suck it," said Ruby, looking at me over Rebekah's shoulder.

I leaned down and took Rebekah's cock head in my mouth. She let out a sigh as I ran the tip of my tongue around the ridge and tried to poke it in the little hole at the top. I started to suck gently.

"He loves sucking cock," Ruby said to Kaye as she washed Rebekah's back, "you love it, don't you, you slut," she said to me.

I mumbled in agreement. She was right, I had taken a liking to sucking shemale cock, taken to liking it a lot.

"Shall I do that to you?" Kaye asked Ruby.

"If you like," Ruby replied.

"Let's get out and go into the bedroom," said Rebekah.

I took my mouth from Rebekah's cock and stood up. We all climbed out of the tub and dried ourselves on soft cotton towels.

"You may resume," Rebekah said to me as she lay on the bed, her erection sticking up from her body like a big pink pole.

I knelt between her outspread legs and leaned down, she sighed as I took her cock in my mouth and took up where I had left off.

"Come on then Lettie," said Ruby as she lay next to the princess, "you can do it to me if you like."

I twisted my head slightly so I could watch as Kaye knelt between Ruby's outspread legs, leaned forward, just like I had done, and took Ruby's stiff cock in her mouth.

"Oh Lettie," moaned Ruby, "that feels lovely."

"Suck me bitch!" Cried Rebekah as she grabbed hold of my hair and pushed my head down.

I took about as much cock as I could without gagging and sucked harder on it. Rebekah thrust upwards as I sucked, fucking my mouth. 

"Good little bitch," she said as she fucked and I sucked, "make your princess happy."

"Mmmm," moaned Ruby, "you are good at this too, Lettie."

Kaye and I made a lot of slurping and swallowing sounds as we fellated the two teenage shemales. The shemales, in turn, were making lots of moaning sounds.

"I'm coming," moaned Rebekah, "I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm CUUUUMMMMINNNGG!"

I felt the first shot hit the back of my throat and I swallowed quickly before it choked me. I had to keep swallowing rapidly as shot after shot of hot sticky spunk hit the roof of my mouth and the back of my throat.

"OH LETTEEEEEE!" Cried Ruby as she came in Kaye's mouth.

Kaye let out a squeak of surprise as she was subjected to the same sort of onslaught as I had been. I twisted my head slightly so I could see her. I could see by the look in her eyes that she had not been prepared for what she was receiving.

Finally the tsunami of spunk that was being put in my mouth subsided to a trickle and the cock that it came from softened.

"He does like sucking cock, doesn't he?" Rebekah said to Ruby as she grabbed my hair and lifted my head from her cock.

"She's pretty good at it too," replied Ruby as she finished coming in Kaye's mouth.

"It's still there," I said, pointing to Rebekah's flaccid penis.

"Yes, it is," she replied in a slightly worried tone, "why hasn't it gone?"

"Mine is still here too," said Ruby, "I thought the potion might have worn off by now."

"Can I fuck Lettie?" I asked Rebekah.

"You had better ask her," she replied.

"I've got a better idea," said Ruby, "Lettie can fuck the cum-slut."

"Yes!" Said Rebekah, clapping her hands with glee, "Lettie can!"

Ruby skipped out of the bedroom, to return a few seconds later carrying one of the tiny bottles of potion. She pulled the stopper out of it and handed it to Kaye who drank the contents. There was a flash and smoke appeared. The smoke cleared to reveal a large stiff penis where Kaye's vagina once was.

"Get on your hands and knees," Ruby told me.

I assumed the position, sticking my rear out, ready to be used once again. I smiled as I felt one of them slip two lubed-up fingers in me and wriggle them around.

"He's ready," said Rebekah.

"OH!" I exclaimed as I felt the large head of Kaye's cock push it's way inside my ass.

"That's it," said Ruby, "push it up him, he loves it."

"Mmmmm," Kaye murmured as she fed more and more cock into me.

I felt a pair of balls press against me, she was all the way in. She let out a moan as she pulled her cock nearly all the way out and then shoved it all the way back in again.

"Oh look at him," said Rebekah, "he is in a state of bliss."

I looked down to see liquid drip from my semi-stiff cock which was dangling between my legs.

"Make me come mistress," I pleaded, "please make me come."

Rebekah reached forward and wrapped her fingers around my cock. I let out a grunt as she pulled back my foreskin and rubbed my glans with the pad of her thumb.

"Oh fuck!" I cried as thick white ropes of spunk exited my cock to land on the sheet.

"The gods!" Cried Kaye as she began to come in my ass.

I felt her come, filling my rectum with her spunk, her cock throbbing, sending a jet of jizz deep inside me with each throb.

"He has made a mess on the sheet," said Rebekah, "he will have to clean that up."

Kaye pulled her softening cock out of me and as soon as she had, it disappeared.

"Now clean up your mess," Rebekah told me in a stern voice.

I looked around for a cloth.

"What are you looking for?" Rebekah asked me.

"Something to clean the sheet, your highness," I replied.

"Use your tongue," she told me.

I leaned down and proceeded to lick up my cum from the sheet, not particularly enjoying eating my own cum, but knowing that I had to do as I was told.

"He's learning," said Ruby.

"Yes," agreed Rebekah, "but we must keep an eye on him, we mustn't let him think we are a soft touch."

We all lay on the bed and drifted off to sleep.

* * * * * * *

I awoke with a start.

'Was I dreaming all that?' I thought to myself.

I looked to my left and saw Rebekah, lying on her back, snoring softly. I looked to my right and saw Ruby, lying on her back, snoring just as softly. I raised my head and looked over Rebekah to see Kaye, on her side, facing away from us and sleeping soundly.

I carefully reached down under the eiderdown, running my left hand down Rebekah's tummy and my right down Ruby's. Both of them sighed, licked their lips and carried on sleeping.

'Not a dream then,' I thought as both my left and right hand made contact with a large flaccid penis.

The feeling of the young shemales' cocks excited me and I felt my own cock begin to stir. I wrapped my fingers around the cocks and pulled back their foreskins. Both Rebekah and Ruby let out soft moans.

'Sweet dreams, girls,' I thought as I began to rub my hands up and down their shafts, slowly at first but increasing in speed after a while.

"Uuuuuuh!" Cried Ruby in her sleep.

I felt hot sticky liquid flow over my hand, she had come.

"Uh,uh,uh," moaned Rebekah softly.

More hot sticky goo ran over my other hand.

'I suppose I had better clean you up,' I thought to myself.

I pulled the covers back and knelt over Rebekah. I leaned down and began to lap her mess from her tummy.

"Good boy," she said softly, "clean your mistress up."

"Did I wake you, your highness?" I asked her.

"Yes, but it was a nice way to be awakened," she replied.

I cleaned her up with my tongue and then turned my attention to the white goo that was covering Ruby's tummy.

"Mmmm, that's nice," said Ruby as she too was woken up by the feeling of my tongue on her body.

"Did you tell him to do this?" Ruby asked her mistress.

"No," replied Rebekah, "didn't you?"

"No."

"I thought of it myself," I said, lifting my head from Ruby's lovely flat tummy and looking at Rebekah, "did I do wrong?"

"No, you did right," said Rebekah.

I finished licking Ruby clean and lay back down. Rebekah knelt beside me, lowered her head onto my stiff cock and took it in her mouth. I let out a moan of pleasure as she began to suck my cock.

"Oh mistress," I sighed as I felt her tongue wriggling around my glans, stimulating the ridge.

It wasn't long before I let out a yelp and began to ejaculate. Rebekah took all I had without blinking an eye, she just swallowed it down.

"There," she said as she took her mouth away, wiping her lips with her hand, "that was for being a good boy."

* * * * * * *

"Here she is," I said To Werlock as I led Kaye into Roger's tavern, "Lettie, safe and sound."

Roger, Lennie and Werlock all gathered round and made a fuss of the blue pixie who they had not seen for a long time.

"Now will you lift the spell?" I asked Werlock.

"Bring him to me and I will," replied the old wizard.

I went out to the cart and brought Percy the cat into the tavern. Werlock pointed his wand at him and in a flash Percy was a handsome young man again.

"Thank you Joe," he said to me as he checked himself over for furry ears or a tail.

* * * * * * *

"I know who you really are," I told Kaye after we had Taken Percy back to Estella's house.

"What do you mean?" She asked in a surprised voice.

"You have to go back, your family will be worried sick."

"I like it here."

"Go back, let them know you are o.k. and come back again."

"Oh, alright then."

We went to the oak and she went inside. A few seconds later a disorientated Lettie appeared.

"What am I doing here?" She asked, "what has been happening to me?"

"Don't worry," I told her, "It's time to go home."

* * * * * *

"The demon has been turned into a hare again," Estella said as I sat at her table enjoying one of Cook's breakfasts, "the search is over and things are returning to normal."

'There's nothing normal about this place,' I thought to myself.

"There is someone looking for you, Joe," said Rosie as she led Amber into the room.

"Hello," said Estella, "what brings you here?"

"The princess Rebekah requests the presence of your nephew at her apartments," Amber replied, "he left her without her permission."

"I didn't know you were staying at the castle," Estella said to me.

"It's a bit of a story, auntie," I replied, "I suppose I had better go with mistress Locks."

Rosie looked a bit sorry to see me go, but go I did.

* * * * * * *

"I don't remember giving you permission to leave," Rebekah said sternly.

We were all standing in a large room next to her bedroom. Ruby, Amber and the princess all had stern expressions.

"I'm sorry your highness," I replied, "I needed to get Lettie back to her brother. I thought you would not mind."

"Well I do mind," she replied, "we shall have to make sure you do not run off again."

"Come here," said Amber, beckoning me to her.

I went to her and she pointed to a large barrel which was standing in the room. It was standing on end and the top was open.

"Get in there," she told me.

I lifted myself up and hooked a leg over the rim of the barrel. I swung my other leg over and lowered myself in. The barrel came up to my shoulders and was big enough for me to sit down in if I drew my legs up a little.

"Take your clothes off," Ruby told me.

I did as I was told and stripped off. I handed my clothes over to Amber who was standing with her hand out, ready to take them.

"Get down," said Amber.

I crouched and a lid was put on the barrel. I heard straps being buckled up and knew that I had been imprisoned.

"Time for lunch," said Rebekah and I heard footsteps as the three of them left the room.

The barrel was pretty solid, but there were tiny gaps in the planks that made it up. Light entered through these gaps so I was not in the dark. I noticed a hole half way up the side, probably where a tap may have been fitted at some time.

'Odd,' I thought to myself, 'tap holes are usually nearer the bottom of a barrel.'

I heard the door open and I put my eye to one of the gaps. I could not make out who had come in as the door was not quite in my line of sight.

'I wonder who it might be,' I thought.

A few seconds later I realised why the hole was where it was as about nine inches of floppy cock appeared in the barrel. I knelt in front of it and put out my hand.

"Oh, oh yes," she said as I put my fingers around the cock and pulled back the foreskin.

'I know that voice,' I thought, 'that's Amber.'

I put my lips around the glans and licked it with my tongue, smearing my spit all over it. Her cock began to stiffen, growing thicker as it became erect.

"Deeper, take it deeper," she said as I sucked on the tip.

I smiled to myself, I could control how much cock I took in my mouth when I was in the barrel, no-one could pull my hair to force more cock into my mouth.

"Oh, deeper, please," she pleaded.

As I was quite fond of Amber and I was very fond of shemale cock, I did as she asked and pushed my head forward, taking more of her in. When I was nearly touching the side of the barrel with my nose and the tip of her cock was just tickling the back of my throat was when I stopped.

"Oh the gods, this feels nice," she said in a hoarse voice.

I pulled my head back and pushed it forward as I sucked on her. Her cock withdrew a small amount and was pushed back in as she began to thrust involuntarily.

"Good boy," she said, "yes, just like that, oh that is nice."

I sucked and licked, bobbing my head back and forth at a steadily quickening pace until I was moving fairly rapidly. She in turn was banging herself against the side of the barrel and crying out to the gods.

"AAAAAAAAHH!" She cried, and then she stopped moving, her cock pushed as far inside the barrel as was possible.

I felt her cock throb and then I felt the first jet of spunk hit the back of my throat. I swallowed immediately to avoid choking. I moved my head back a little and her cum sprayed around inside my mouth, filling it as fast as I could empty it by swallowing.

"The gods! The gods!" She cried as she kept coming, gob after gob of hot sticky spunk shooting out of her and into my mouth.

Eventually it stopped and she withdrew from the hole. I peeped through to see that it was indeed Amber. I was a bit shocked to see that her cock was still there, it had not gone like it should have.

"Are you like the other two?" I asked through the hole.

"What do you mean?" She asked in reply.

"Permanently shemale."

"I think I might be."

"Does it bother you?"

"Nope. Does it bother you?"

"Not at all Amber, not at all."

Amber left the room and I sat down in the barrel, waiting to see what happened next.

"Suck, bitch!" Rebekah said loudly as she pushed her cock through the hole.

I knelt up, took her flaccid cock in my mouth and sucked it until it was tumescent. 

"Good boy," she said as she pulled her cock out of the hole, "now turn around and present your ass hole."

I got off my knees, turned and crouched so that my anus was lined up against the hole in the barrel. I put my hands on the other side of the barrel and braced myself in preparation for what was going to happen. I sighed as I felt her smear some of the jelly on my ring.

"Oh your highness!" I cried as I felt the engorged head of her cock penetrate me.

"Good boy," she said as she pushed her meat into me, "let your princess have her way with you."

It was the right decision, bracing myself against the barrel, because she was in a crazed state of lust. She drew her cock all the way out of me and rammed it back in with a vengeance.

"Oh fuck!" I cried as she gave me a damned good buggering, her body thumping against the outside of the barrel as her cock moved up and down in my back passage like a piston in an engine.

"You little cum-slut!" She shouted at me, " admit it, you are a filthy little cum-slut!"

"Yes, your highness!" I shouted back, "I am your filthy cum-slut! I love being used by you! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Oh Joe!" She shouted, and then she was still.

I felt her cock throb and then I felt her scalding hot sticky cum begin to line my rectum, coating it all over, filling me to the brim.

"Oh highness!" I cried as I began to ejaculate, squirting ropes of thick white jizz onto the bottom of the barrel.

She finished and pulled out. I slid down the barrel to rest on my haunches, her cum dribbling out of my gaping ass hole to mix with mine in the bottom of the barrel.

* * * * * * *

They let me out later, so I could clean myself up and use the long-drop. I was given something to eat and drink and then I had to go back in my barrel.

"When I am sure you will do as you are told," Rebekah told me, "then, perhaps you might be allowed out."

I squatted in my barrel and waited for my next visitor.