 I awoke to the sound of someone tapping gently on my door.

"Come in," I answered softly.

The door opened and Amber entered. She was naked. I looked at her strong athletic physique and felt my cock begin to stir. 

"Were you disappointed, being dismissed by Rebekah like that?" She asked.

"A little," I replied, "but having a man in her bed would seem a little strange to her."

"But not to me."

As she walked towards me, I pulled back the eiderdown, inviting her to join me. She slid into bed next to me, placing a very tiny glass bottle on the bedside cabinet as she did so.

"I enjoyed kissing you," she said, "shall we do it some more?"

I pushed her down onto the bed and leaned over her. We both opened our mouths and came together for a really good snog. Our tongues darted around like two snakes dancing, we both moaned with pleasure and our hands ran over each other's bodies.

"You enjoyed touching my cock, didn't you." She said to me.

"It was a new experience," I replied, "a beautiful young woman with a cock is not something you come across on a regular basis."

She turned away from me, leaned over, picked up the tiny bottle, flicked the stopper out and tipped the few drops of liquid that it contained into her mouth. There was a flash and smoke appeared. When she turned back she was sporting the same seven inches that she had been the previous evening.

"Touch me," she ordered.

I wrapped my fingers around her cock and pulled back the foreskin. I put my hand to my mouth and spat onto my palm, then I rubbed my spit all over her swollen glans.

"Oh," she murmured, "oh yes."

I concentrated on her glans for a minute or so, causing her cock to start dribbling pre cum out of the little hole in the tip. I wiped some of it up with my finger tips and offered it to her. She opened her mouth and I slipped my fingers in. She sucked her pre cum from my fingers.

"Salty," she said huskily.

I wrapped my fingers around her shaft and began to rub up and down. She thrust upwards as my hand was on the downstroke and groaned a groan of pleasure.

"Nice?" I asked.

"Mmmmmm," she replied.

I leaned over her, opened my mouth and took her cock in it. She let out a louder groan as I ran my tongue over her glans, I could feel more pre cum dribbling out of it.

"Oh Joe," she moaned as I began to suck gently whilst wanking her.

Her thrusts got more insistent and I picked up speed, I knew she was on her way.

"UH! UH! UH! UUUUUUUHHH!" She cried aloud, then she came.

Her cock spat great gobs of spunk forcefully into my mouth, some of it hitting the back of my throat. I pulled my head back so only the tip was still in my mouth and swallowed repeatedly, trying to keep up with the amount of cum that was being shot into me.

"Oh the gods! Oh my! Oh Joe!" She called as she kept coming, squirt after squirt pumping out of her, coating the inside of my mouth and flooding over my teeth.

Eventually her tight little balls were empty and I could relax. I lifted my head away, straightened up, leaned over her and kissed her forcefully on her mouth. She opened her mouth, stuck her tongue in mine and cleaned me up with it, wriggling it around my teeth, scooping the last of her cum from me, taking it into her mouth and swallowing it.

I took my mouth away and looked down, where there had been a cock now there was a slit and I put my fingers to it.

"Mmmm," she moaned, "now you can have me as a woman."

I slipped two fingers inside her to discover that she was soaking wet. I rolled on top of her and slid my stiff cock inside her in one movement.

"Oh Joe," she moaned, "that's nice."

I started slow, but soon built up speed, thrusting quickly and forcefully, loving the feeling of her warm wet cunt wrapped around my cock.

"Yes!" She cried, "fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Oh Amber," I said as I pounded her, "you are divine."

A minute or so later I came, pumping my load into her. She came at the same time, her contractions milking every drop of spunk from my balls.

"That was fun," she told me after we had settled down for a cuddle, "coming like a man and then coming like a woman."

"Does it feel different?" I asked, "coming like a man?"

"Different but the same, if you get my meaning. The pleasure is intense when I come like a man, but it is over more quickly."

"Oh."

"Do you remember when you met me?" She asked, "because I keep thinking that we fucked. It's a bit hazy, but I am sure that we did."

"I will tell you everything," I said, "if you swear to keep it a secret."

"Very well, I swear to keep secret what you tell me."

So I told her about Nina and about me.

"The gods!" She exclaimed, "you were the imp?! So I fucked Joe when he was really Joe and now I have fucked you and you are not really Joe."

"There is someone else, a young woman named Kaye. She is in the body of a blue pixie called Lettie and she was taken by Devo the demon, that is why I am looking for him."

"Then we shall search for the demon together."

"Isn't it a bit dangerous, taking a princess to look for a demon?"

"It is, but she is a stubborn little madam and has made up her mind to come with me."

* * * * * *

A couple of hours later we were speeding along the road in the direction which we assumed Devo was heading. Amber was driving and I was sitting next to her. The two girls were inside the carriage. Judging by the trail of wilting flowers and ruined crops, we were heading in the right direction.

"Look," Amber said to me, pointing ahead, "here come some riders."

We closed with them quickly and I recognised Cedric and Jed.

"I know them," I told Amber, "they are looking for Devo too."

Amber stopped the carriage next to them. I became excited when I saw, sitting behind Cedric with her arms around him, was Kaye.

"Lettie!" I cried, "you are safe!"

"Hello," she called across, "yes, sir Cedric and his squire have rescued me."

"So, did you kill the demon?" Asked Amber.

"No mistress," replied Cedric, "he was gone from his lair when we got there. We found this poor young thing and got her out of there. We are taking her to a place of safety before we resume the hunt for the demon."

"We can take her," came a voice from inside the carriage.

"Princess Rebekah?!" Boomed Cedric, "your highness!"

Cedric and Jed bowed from the saddle. Kaye must have felt that she should do something so she lifted the hem of the oversized shirt she was wearing and did a sort of curtsey.

"Get down from that dusty old horse and come in with us," Rebekah told Kaye.

The young woman in the pixie's body climbed down from behind Cedric, skipped across the road and climbed up into the carriage.

"The road is too dangerous for a princess to travel!" Boomed Cedric, "I urge you to retire to the safety of your father's castle."

"Oh very well," said Rebekah, "we shall return to Colinston and you must continue in your hunt for the demon."

"Can I come back too?" I asked, "I promised to get Lettie back to her brother."

"Good idea," said Amber, "I shall go with this gallant knight and his squire, whilst you see the ladies safely home."

Amber unharnessed one of the horses to use. I was told to drive back to the tavern and put my horse in harness as a replacement.

"I look forward to bringing you news of the demons demise!" Boomed Cedric as we drove away.

I looked back and waved to Amber. She smiled and waved back.

* * * * * * * * * *

We stopped at the inn to harness my horse to the carriage and sped on our way.

 * * * * * 

It was getting late, so I pulled the carriage into the yard of Ellen's inn.

"Hello," said Dennis when he saw it was me driving, "who have you brought this time?"

"Be careful," I whispered to him as I climbed down from the driving seat, "a sketch of these passengers could cost you your very life."

Dennis gave me a quizzical look, which was replaced by one of understanding when Rebekah alighted from the carriage.

"Your highness," he said, going down on one knee and averting his eyes.

"Oh, get up you silly thing," she said to him, "it's not a special occasion."

"A visit from the beautiful young princess Rebekah is very special for us," he replied.

Rebekah looked at me and put her fingers into her open mouth, mimicking making herself vomit. I smiled back.

We walked into the inn to see Ellen sat at the large table in the middle of the room chatting to three young soldiers. As soon as they saw Rebekah the soldiers went down on one knee and Ellen curtsied.

"Carry on with your drinks," Rebekah told them, "don't mind us."

"Thank you, your highness," the eldest soldier said.

Ruby ordered drinks for us and Ellen went to get them. Rebekah quizzed the soldiers and they told us that they were searching for Devo.

"Lettie here was his captive," Ruby informed them, "but a brave knight rescued her."

"Yes," said Rebekah, "and the evil creature had put a spell on her which rendered her unable to move."

"Luckily, the knight and his squire lifted the spell," said Kaye.

"How did they do that?" Asked one of the soldiers.

"She is going to show Ruby and me later," said Rebekah looking at Kaye licentiously.

 * * * * *

"That was a fine supper," Rebekah told Ellen, "and now we will retire, we still have far to travel and must make an early start."

"Dennis will show you to your rooms," Ellen told her.

"One large room will suffice for us three," Rebekah replied, indicating Ruby and Kaye, "and please ask the fairies to provide Lettie with the correct clothes for her."

"Yes, your highness."

Dennis led the three young women out of the bar and immediately the three soldiers became more relaxed.

"Joe," said Ellen, "this is corporal Hal and his two comrades, Leif and Ron.

"Pleased to meet you," I said, putting out my hand.

"And you," replied Hal, taking it and shaking it.

"The lads were telling me about their stay in another tavern, one run by two sisters."

"Were they?"

"Yes," said Hal, "and how they sent us off to search for the demon with smiles on our faces."

"We were about to ask mistress Ellen if she would like to send us off to search for the demon with smiles on our faces as well," said Leif.

"And would you?" I asked, looking into Ellen's eyes.

"I think I might," she replied, putting her hand on my thigh, "if you were to join in."

My balls went so fuzzy I thought I might faint.

Ellen stood up and went to the front door.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" She asked as she drew the bolt across, locking out any chance of being interrupted, "get naked."

We stripped in a flash, within a few seconds there was a pile of clothing next to the table and four healthy young men, all sporting good-sized erections, looking at the mature beauty who was walking towards them, her gown sliding down her body as she advanced.

Hal went behind her and put his hands under her armpits. Leif and Ron each bent down and took hold of a leg. Hal pulled her back and they lifted her up in to the air and lowered her gently onto the table.

"The gods, she is beautiful," said Ron as we all stared at her lying on the table in just her silver-coloured satin panties.

Hal leaned down, took her left nipple in his mouth and began to suckle. I went round the table and did the same to her right. 

"Pull them off me," she said as she raised her buttocks from the table.

I turned my head to look down and saw Leif take hold of her panties and slowly pull them down.

"Oh my," whispered Ron as he saw her mauve bush, "isn't that nice."

Ellen placed her feet flat on the table top, knees drawn up, and opened her legs to show them her sex. They sighed as one when they saw her cunt.

"Which one of you is going to eat me?" She asked.

Before Leif had a chance to move, Ron leaned down and stuck his face in her muff. Ellen let out a moan of pleasure as the young soldier stuck his tongue inside her.

"Oh, oh yes, oh yes," moaned Ellen as she felt the soldier flick her clit with the tip of his tongue.

I stopped sucking on her tit and started to kiss her forcefully on her mouth. She put her hand on the back of my head and pulled me down onto her. Our tongues wriggled around together and we both moaned with passion. I rubbed her tit with my hand as I kissed her and she took hold of my stiff cock and started to wank me.

"She's ready," said Ron, emerging from between her legs, "you have her first corp."

"Don't mind if I do," said Hal, as he took his mouth from her tit and moved around the table.

I took my hand away to let Hal climb on top of her, which he did. I knew when he penetrated her because she tightened her grip on my cock shaft, pulled my hair and poked her tongue further into my mouth.

"The gods, she's wet," said Hal as he started to fuck her, "so lovely and warm and wet."

Ellen pushed me off her and let out a lustful cry as she received cock from the corporal. Hal grunted in reply as he thrust forcefully in and pulled slowly out, fucking her expertly, stimulating her, giving her what she craved.

She still had hold of my cock when she came and I thought it might drop off from lack of blood supply, she squeezed it so tight.

"Uuuuuuhhhhh!" She moaned as she had her orgasm, hammering on the table top with her free hand.

"The gods!" Cried Hal as he began to ejaculate inside her, "the gods, this feels nice."

"You next," said Ellen, looking at Ron, "I want to come again, make me come again."

Hal finished emptying his balls into the randy bitch and pulled out. Ron replaced him immediately, stuffing his stiff cock inside her and thrusting rapidly.

"Oh yes!" Cried Ellen, "give me all you've got!"

I managed to get my cock free from her grip and stood back. Ron started to kiss her as he fucked her and she put her arms around him and hugged him as they fucked.

"The gods," said Hal, "what a wanton woman."

"Isn't she?" I replied, "and so bloody good looking with it."

"Aaaaaaaahhh!" Cried Ron as he came in her.

"No!" Cried Ellen, "you mustn't, not yet!"

Hal grabbed Ron, pulled him off of Ellen and pushed Leif towards her to take his place. The young soldier's ardour was such that he climbed onto the table and got inside her without considering how much spunk he was dipping his cock into.

"Oh mistress!" He cried as he began to fuck her.

"Come on soldier!" She shouted in reply, "do it to me!"

Leif finished her just as he finished himself. They both let out loud cries of lust as they came, her wrapping her legs around his waist and squeezing him as she had a strong orgasm, he pushing down on her as hard as he could while he pumped even more spunk into her already brim-full cunt.

Leif pulled out and slid of the table. A river of cum ran from Ellen's cunt and began to puddle on the table top.

"How about you Joe?" Asked Hal, "are you going to have her as well?"

"Have you had enough cock for now?" I asked Ellen.

"I think I have," she replied, "but if you want me, you can have me."

As much as I was yearning to come, I felt that she had been fucked sufficiently for one night and I didn't really fancy shoving my cock into all the cum that was sloshing around in her.

"Perhaps I'll have you later," I replied, taking her by the hand and lifting her into a sitting position.

 * * * * * *

I went to my room, the same one that I had occupied before. 

"Are you mad?!" I said in a shocked whisper when I saw Dennis sitting at his spy-hole sketching carefully.

"I can make her look a little different," he replied, "no-one will recognise her."

My voyeuristic tendency got the better of me and I went to the other spy-hole and looked into the room containing Rebekah, Ruby and Kaye.

Rebekah was smoothing Kaye's hair as they sat side by side on the bed whilst ruby was kneeling on the floor giving Kaye a foot rub.

"What a terrible trial for you," said Rebekah to Kaye, "you poor thing."

"How exactly did the knight and his squire lift the spell?" Asked Ruby.

"Well," replied Kaye, "Jed, the squire, kissed me to start with."

"Like this?" Asked Rebekah as she put her lips to Kaye's and kissed her softly.

"Mmmm," replied Kaye as she readily accepted the other girl's mouth on hers.

Ruby lifted Kaye's foot and started to nibble her toes, the sight of which caused my cock to stiffen again. 

"Beautiful," said Dennis as he drew the scene before his eyes.

Rebekah pushed Kaye backwards and she lay on the bed. The shirt she was wearing had been unbuttoned and it fell open, revealing her pert young breasts with their bright pink nipples.

"Oh Ruby," said Rebekah, "she is beautiful."

Ruby looked up, took her mouth from Kaye's toes and began to kiss her feet.

"Oooh," giggled Kaye, "you're tickling me."

Ruby kissed up Kaye's calf, kissed her knee and kissed her way up Kaye's thigh while Rebekah kissed her nipples and her tummy.

"Oh yes, this is nice," said Kaye as she felt two pairs of lips on her skin, both working their way towards her snatch.

Ruby and Rebekah reached Kaye's pubic bush at the same time. They lifted their heads, looked at each other and kissed, mouths open, tongues out.

"The gods!" Exclaimed Dennis as he watched events unfold, "this is wonderful!"

I unlaced my breeches and freed my cock, it sprang out, stiff as a poker, pre cum dripping from the end.

Rebekah and Ruby stopped kissing each other and returned their attention to Kaye. Ruby put her face to Kaye's vagina and began to lick it. Rebekah kissed her way back up Kaye's body to her mouth and kissed her passionately while massaging her boob with her hand.

Despite Dennis being in the room, I could not help but start masturbating as I watched the princess and her maid seduce the young woman in the pixie's body.

"She's close," said Rebekah as she broke off the kissing.

"Oh Ruby!" Cried Kaye, "oh my goodness! Oh yes!"

Kaye's legs started to twitch and she gripped the bed tightly with her finger tips as she came, with a smiling Rebekah looking down at her.

"Does she squirt?" Rebekah asked.

"She certainly does," Ruby replied, lifting her head up to show her mistress Kaye's ejaculate which was dripping from her chin.

"Uh!" I grunted softly as I shot off all over the wall in front of me.

"Dirty boy," laughed Dennis when he saw what I had done.

I ignored the dwarf and concentrated on what was going on in the next room.

"Do you like to eat pussy?" Rebekah asked Kaye.

"I guess," Kaye replied, "I'm probably not very good at it."

"I'll teach you," Rebekah told her, "we can practice on Ruby."

"Oh yes!" Cried Dennis softly, "more to sketch."

Dennis and I spent the next hour or so watching Rebekah instruct Kaye in the art of cunnilingus. She tought her to use her lips, fingers, teeth and tongue to give Ruby the time of her life.

"She's sucking on her clit," said Dennis as he put down his sketch pad, unlaced his breeches and slid off his stool to kneel with his eye glued firmly to his spy-hole.

"I think she's nibbling on it with her teeth," I replied as I massaged my cock back to a state of stiffness.

"Ruby is coming yet again," said Dennis as he started to masturbate whist watching Ruby buck and writhe.

"Oh Ruby," I said aloud, "you lucky, lucky girl."

"Gods!" Cried Dennis as he shot off a huge load, striping the wall in front of him.

"Dirty dwarf," I laughed when I saw what he had done.

Ruby must have had six orgasms by the time she begged for the other two to leave her alone.

"Very well," said Rebekah, "I think Lettie has got the hang of it."

"Would you like me to eat you now, Becky?" Asked Kaye.

"Mmmm, yes please," the princess replied.

Dennis picked his sketch pad back up and I just stood there, balls empty, and watched Kaye use the tricks she had been taught to give Rebekah a mind-blowing orgasm.
