 I saw place names and looked to find mine; it was on the left front. On the right front where I expected to find Sissy's was the coat of arms of the S'snoyme kingdom with the legend of 'Giver of the Bride'. I was horrified. I grabbed the marker and rushed double time to the reception room. 

I spotted Antic and rudely took his arm.

"This is an abomination!" I shouted, showing him the card.

He looked at me, alarmed at the looks my shout had attracted. "Calm yourself and explain the matter reasonably to me."

"This arrangement that the S'snoyme's ambassador is to give Sissy away. You would have the men who murdered her father represent him!" My voice though quieter still trembled from my anger.

"The palace was responsible for all the arrangements, in fact they organised the whole ceremony, using only the Daughters Bishop because we insisted."

"Then this whole thing is a farce and I will have no further part in it," I stated, somewhat calmer having found the real cause. The Prince's hand was behind this. It was spite for being made to look opportunistic and foolish in dumping his bride, a bride who was heir to the goldmines of a kingdom, for only a pretty face and a small fortune. Antic looked frantic at my statement, "If it is only the ambassador that you object to then we will force a replacement. There is time yet."

"Do it then. If it be done, it best be done quickly."

"Who shall we replace him with?"

My old master came to mind. "Unwinkle will do. He has connection to the old king. He may represent him well."

Antic disappeared into the crowd.

He came back with minutes to spare as people started entering the church.

"Tis done. Unwinkle will be walking the aisle with her, but there is a sting. The ambassador will be seated next to you. Please keep the peace with him and offer civility. He is but their representative and I'm told has sympathy for your position." 

For the sake of spoiling a day that I wanted Sissy to treasure the rest of her life, peace with the ambassador was a small price to pay. I readily agreed and found my place in the pews. Before too long the organist started 'The Wedding March' and I turned to see an angel in white lace, gliding slowly down the aisle, her head bobbing with her steps as if already agreeing to the vows. 

Almost shuffling to keep step was a beaming Unwinkle. Dressed in his robes he looked stately personified, except perhaps for the comical gait. 

As she passed me we looked full into each other's face, there was the magic I most wanted. I puckered up my lips in a mock kiss. A smile widened her face, and she wrinkled her nose at me. 

He lead her to the alter and the priest intoned, "Who claims this maid as a bride?"

I stood. "I do." 

"Come forth and pledge your troth."

I stepped forward and stood beside her.

"Do you accept this man as your groom?"

"I do."

"Then may the Daughter smile on your union and bring you happiness in your days. May you bear him strong sons and daughters and your hearth never go cold."

We were married. The exchange was yet to happen but that was a formality. If the priest fell dead this moment it would be legal.

"You may exchange gifts." 

I handed her the ring. I had wanted to inscribe on it 'May the ring wear thin but not the bond between us' but today was the first I had handled it. 

"Let this ring surround your finger as my love and protection surrounds you."

She handed me the lighted two tone candle. 

"May it bring fire to your hearth, warmth to your heart and light to the bedchamber, for the birthing of children. As the wax melts and mingles I would join my life to yours."

The priest intoned, "Let the world witness the joining of the couple before us." Then he made the sign of the five circles, the four inner and the great outer.

"I bid you all now assembled to go and celebrate this union." 

As the day lengthened so did the measure of my happiness. I took the hand of my bride and walked her out and into the reception. As we entered, a maid appeared and spoke, "Your highness, your clothes for the reception are upstairs; if you please would you follow me."

We turned and I whispered in her ear, "Let me help you change." She giggled and took my hand tighter in hers, the maid stopped and looked at me.

"Sir?"

I looked at her. "I will accompany my wife to change." Some part of her was shocked with the breach of protocol, another recognised the romance. She turned and led us upstairs to a wide richly carpeted hallway. She stopped before the door and opened it. 

We entered, the door closing softly behind us. From behind the near curtain Prince Hallit appeared. There was a certain shock on his face when it registered that I was standing at the door as well.

"YOU!" He exclaimed, his face going red. "Whenever I have a plan you are there to spoil it. Well this time I shall fix that, you ignorant little pipsqueak." 

He launched himself at us, pulling his ceremonial dagger with his left hand and a sword with his right.

I pushed Sissy aside, sending her sprawling to the floor, without taking my eyes from the charging prince. When he came near my magic lifted him to the ceiling. Would that I could humiliate him but that would only increase his animosity, and make a next attempt all the more deadly. 

I lowered him gently till he was hovering but a foot from the floor, then removed his weapons, sending them clattering to the far end of the room. I looked into his terrified face.

"Mess with me or mine and I shall make you eat the deal, understand me." The last words were said so softly and in such deadly earnest that his face went a shade whiter. I dropped him to the floor and he collapsed, sitting shaking.

"Get out!" I shouted at him, he scrabbled on all fours only rising to reach for the door handle.

I turned to Sissy who was still lying recumbent on the floor.

"My love are you alright?"

"You marry a man who offers you his protection and he does more damage to you than the assailant."

"Bu bu bu...."

She burst out laughing.

"You should see the look on your face."

I leapt at her, my frustration evaporating into laughter to join in hers. I swooped her up in my arms, kissing her as I spun her round. 

She freed herself from my kiss. "Stop, you shall make us dizzy and we shall fall again."

I stopped and looked her in the face. "How do you release yourself from the dress?" 

She showed me the buttons hidden under her arms and down to her waist. I set about undoing them while at the same time being reminded of the maid that brought us here. What became of her? And how much of what happened inside did she witness. Was she in on the prince's plot? How had I spoilt his previous plan? 

I reached her waist and started up the other side as she pirouetted round to accommodate my hands. Laying a hand to my shoulder, she bent to loosen her shoes. I saw that they had heels that inflated her height a good two inches, I had not noticed. 

As I undid the last button she shucked the straps from her shoulders and the dress dropped to the floor. 

She had a thin underskirt from the waist, and a soft cotton bustier wrapped her breasts; the thin material showing her nipple plainly. Beneath the pleated slip she wore the garters and probably the stockings that I had tricked from the greedy haberdasher all that while ago. A pair of white panties offset the red blush of her thighs.

I reached around her back to loosen the bustier but she caught my arms and gently pushed me away.

"The doors not locked, wait until we are in our own bed then we'll start with the whole night before us." She pulled me forward and kissed me, then turned and sought her dress for the reception.

The reception was as if paused waiting for our appearance. 

A passage way opened through the assembled throng and we walked onto the dance floor as the quartet struck a waltz. I have never had a lesson in my life, and merely held on to her, holding tight and doing a penginicus walk, as we rotated nearly on the spot. 

After a moment the rest of the couples joined us and soon we were hidden in the midst of them.

"How soon can we get out of here?" I asked softly in her ear.

"Not for a long time yet, there is a formal sit down dinner to come."

"Shall I make us invisible then and we sneak to some quiet corner."

She laughed out loud, bringing a hesitation to the swirl around us, as eyes turned to look. 

"You have some wicked ideas."

I kissed her and we remained head to head through the next piece and into a third when I needed to toilet. Holding hands we walked from the dance floor. 

Leaving her at the door I went to relieve myself. When I got back she was surrounded by beaus asking to dance with her. I smiled and told her to enjoy herself.

I walked the room with every man congratulating me and shaking my hand. With two or three touches the ring on my finger grew warm, and my greeter dropped my hand as if it had turned to shit at his touch. I wondered about the power I felt within the ring. Could it be used?

Somebody somewhere rang a gong, striking but a single blow that reverberated round all, and the crowd moved through into a third room. My arm was caught as we entered and a gentleman whispered to my ear. 

"The prince sends his regrets." He informed me. "He has taken to his bed. Something he ate disagreed with him. As he is indisposed he must withdraw his gift of his rooms tonight. He offers in its stead the summer house out on the west rim; a carriage has been arranged and awaits your pleasure on the quay." 

I entered the dining room. Here was set out an arrangement of tables such that there was one across the width of the room, with two rows looking as if bent to right angles, running down parallel to the wall. I walked to the centre of the top table where a large cake was positioned; a miniature couple holding hands placed on top. Those I would pocket as a reminder of this day.

I was seated with Sissy to my left, the empty chair, three over, would be for Hallit. 

The waiters and maids circulated, bringing dishes and wine to our elbows. 

An hour saw the feast ended and everything cleared, excepting the wine. Antic, seated on Sissy's left stood and tapped his glass. "Your highnesses, my lords, ladies and gentlemen, please charge your glasses and be upstanding, that we may toast the happy couple."

She held me to my seat as I started to rise, and we stood once the toast was drunk. We held our glasses high, drank, and Sissy replied to the toast.

"Peoples of Yipell, we thank you for extending your hearts to us. In turn this city has captured our hearts with its generosity, as I return to my kingdom to restore peace and order to my own peoples I shall have in mind that it is fitting that such a beacon should serve as a light to guide my steps."

There was applause and shouts of "The cake". I took the figures from the top and placed them carefully in my pocket. Then together we cut the cake; there was another ripple of applause.

She whispered in my ear, "We may depart whenever you please. I am ready."

People were returning to the second room and the dance floor, we followed the crowd. We continued on to the outer doors, then onto the pier, where the boatmen stopped lounging and handed us onto a boat. The sun was kissing the earth, giving a bright red display on the remaining clouds, which in turn was reflected in the ripples across the harbour.

The coach awaited us, and I insisted that we first collect the bottle of brandy that was still in the sweet box below my bed. As we pulled up outside Antics house I was surprised to see that he was in attendance, standing in front of his door after alighting from his own coach.

He must have left even before us to be here now; he waited puzzled to see us. 

I explained the situation, both our call for the brandy, and our presence on the mainland. 

He immediately invited us to spend our last night there, saying that he would have our travelling clothes and wedding dress picked up and delivered to us here in time for the coach. 

As we entered he sent someone to retrieve the bottle while Sissy attended to her toilet. I walked with him to the lounge, telling him of the Princes attempted ambush of Sisoft. And also of my intense dislike of the prince. I kept my suspicions that the prince had a finger in the pie, and my determination to keep my eye on him, guarded.

No sooner than we entered and sat, still discussing the Princes actions, than the servant returned with the battered box that contained the precious cargo. 

I took it from the box; it was just a plain glass bottle with a deep red fluid. It was in a way a symbol, surviving the chaos and destruction of our home, the journey here, now the last remnant of what was, was being used to consummate the new order. 

It would serve us now as both a reminder of home and the start of the new road before us. As Sissy returned, glasses were produced and I solemnly poured the beverage into the glasses. 

With glasses raised we toasted her father. "To those departed, remembered and given life in our thoughts. The last ever of you fathers vintage, drunk in memory of what was a way of life that will never be again." 

Antic took but the smallest sip before announcing that he was ready for his bed. He bid us use either bedroom and bade us goodnight, saying lastly that our transport would be waiting at the old palace from two hours after sun up.

We savoured the bottle that I had husbanded; sat together on the sofa, her with her back to my chest holding my arm around her waist. 

We drank but two glasses apiece before resealing the bottle, saving the remainder for the birth of our first child. 

I would have been content to sit as we were all night but, the marital bed was waiting, and we had waited long enough.

I gave her my letter before we climbed the stair, making her promise that it would be ten years before she opened it.

We were tipsy, happy drunk, she had the giggles. As we mounted the stair I felt the urge to toilet. Grasping her hand, I brought it to my lips. 

Kissing it briefly I said, "My love I need to toilet." 

Releasing her hand I started taking the stair at a more hurried pace, she kept pace with me as we walked rapidly to her room. I walked straight to the toilet and loosened my buttons; her hand dipped in and seized my member, pulling it out. 

She pointed it at the bowl, but had not slid the foreskin back. I laid my hand atop of hers gently easing the head of my penis out. I released the torrent and she giggled as she directed the stream around in the bowl. I could feel my bladder contract as she gleefully wetted every part. When it had dribbled its last I took her hand to the root and squeezing I pushed up and the last dribble splashed down. 

She pulled my head to hers with her free hand, whispering to me, "Undress me"

She continued to hold my rapidly engorging penis as we walked to the bed, releasing it when I began to unbutton her. First was her waistcoat and blouse, followed by the voluminous skirt. 

The bustier was next, freeing her breasts. Then, kneeling, her panties. 

I peeled them slowly down to reveal the bush of her hair, then her blush red lips, and finally the wrinkly brown tips of the inner lips. 

As I pulled the panties down to her ankles, she raised one leg shaking the panties off, the pinkness of her inner lips flashed before me. Then the other and another peek, the wrinkled bud opening like a pink butterfly emerging from its chrysalis. 

The smell of her musky aroma intoxicated me; I began rubbing my hands up her stockings, beyond the tops and round to cup her ass cheeks. I kissed her navel, running my tongue around and inside. 

Moving my hands to her hips I guided her backwards to the bed. As she lay back I took her knees over my shoulders. I grasped her hips again and eased her to the edge of the bed. Sliding my hands between her thighs I parted them wide and high. She held her legs there, looking down in puzzlement. 

I dipped my finger in my mouth, and with her looking over her breasts at me I touched it to her clitoris, slowly making small circles then rubbing it across. 

She looped her arms around her legs and pulled them flatter. My finger wandered lower, brushing over the protruding tips I felt the small movements of her body as I put my split fingers aside her labia, gently squashing them together, slowly moving them to the top, squeezing her inner lips as it ran through them.

Then I let them slide back down again. I let my fingers glide further, down into the crevice of her cheeks. 

As my finger brushed her anal rosebud, sliding over the wrinkled button she sighed, pressing closer. 

Instead of her vulva I directed my tongue there and gently circled it. I let the light hair slide across my tongue two or three times, as I circled it she shivered with delight. Then I ran my tongue between her legs and into her vagina. 

I felt the wetness as I tasted her swollen lips, running it twice over the outer before letting it slip between the inner. I heard her moans as wiggling it, I pushed it in deeper, the taste was salty sweet. 

I moved it up and touched the hood of her clitoris, swirling my tongue around it and moving my lips in to suck it gently. The moans were louder now and her hips bucked pushing my mouth hard against her. 

Suddenly there was alarm downstairs, doors were banged and voices raised. I heard the word 'FIRE'; I grabbed Sissy's hand and clothed us in nightclothes as we rushed to the door and down the stair. I stopped one of the servants as she went to the front door.

"Where's the fire" I asked. 

She pointed out the door, Sissy and I stepped through and saw a house ablaze on the other side of the bay. Around us plainly seen in the light of the full moon, were the occupants of the other fine houses, similarly enthralled by the spectacle. 

"What is it?" I asked of one of the servants.

"It is the prince's summer house, the one on the west rim."

The very one that had been offered for our use. If he sought to trap us then he had destroyed the house for naught; we were safe watching the blaze from afar.

I looked at Sissy.

"Do you think it an accident?"

She shook her head, "No, but we are safe here and tomorrow we will be away."

She squeezed my hand. "Let us be back abed, we have our wedding night to enjoy."

The very thought of her made my penis start to rise again and I turned, re-entering the house with her. 

Holding hands we raced back up to the bedroom. Closing the door I let our clothes fade and held her at arm's length, looking at her naked beauty. 

My penis fully erect attracted her attention and she grasped it first with one hand then two, before crouching and kissing it.

I caught her arms and pulled her up, kissing her and sliding my tongue into her mouth where she playfully pushed at it with hers. Still kissing I lifted her and let my penis find its way between her legs; she clenched it hard as I moved us back to the bed. I held her firm as I let myself fall across the bed, rolling to my side. 

She released my mouth and I could see the excitement in her eyes, the enjoyment in her face, when my hand found her breast; her nipple was hard under my palm. 

My mouth sought her other breast and I teased the nipple with my teeth pulling it and then letting it slide through. I attacked the other nipple while I slipped my hand down to her navel, using my little finger to circle it and penetrate its depths. 

Her breath was coming fast and shallow as she bit into my shoulder; I found her mouth with my right hand and ran my forefinger round her lips. She took it into her mouth and sucked and stroked it with her tongue. My left hand had reached the tangle of her bush and began teasing it, pushing the fingers in and stretching her curly mop of hair out slowly. I swapped nipples again and sucked as hard as I could, her hand pulling me tighter. I slowly pulled my finger from her mouth and circled her lips again as the finger of my other hand found her clitoris, and pressed it softly, making little circles. 
