 "I thought I might find you here," he said, popping his head around the door. "We have pegged them with irony. They are to pay for a mercenary expeditionary force to go in and take control of the country. Then to stay and train a new army for you, there's sweet justice in that." 

His glee was overflowing, giving him an unnatural presence. "Come, this calls for celebration. A few friends are following and will join us presently."

We went to the lounge and he called for brandy and champagne to be brought. Soon enough there was a small procession bringing trays of glasses and bottles. He selected one; brushing the label he exclaimed that this was a suitable vintage, older than me. He uncorked it with a pop that startled me, and poured two glasses.

"To the successful conclusion of our venture." He toasted, the wine had bite, and a subtle after taste, and a fizzyness that sort of got up your nose and gently tickled. 

His friends made an appearance and soon little coteries formed, each with its centre with peripherals flitting from group to group. I was out of place, politely accepted where I joined the outer ring but bemused by the conversation.

They were like eight year olds squabbling for status and bragging rights after the battle won, whose deed was greatest, most subtle, caused the most discomfort. I'd have been as well with the book I was reading, at least that gave me insight to the lore of governance.

Sissy came home late. All had now left, including Antic, and the house was still again. 

She walked into the library; her shoulders stooped a little, saying that her head was in a spin.

"The details of this wedding are getting beyond me," she stated. "So many things to settle, who to invite, seating the guests in the chapel. Oh I didn't tell you, we have been invited to use the royal chapel in the palace for the actual wedding. It will take place in the afternoon, with the reception in Prince Hallit's quarters. And he has give us run of the place for the wedding night."

"So how's the wedding dress, does it make you look beautiful?"

"Hah, they have measured every inch of my body. I stood in my underclothes for over an hour while the seamstress ran a tape over me. Then I was presented with swatches to choose the cloth from. Everyone was advising different. I finally chose at random. They want to change the style of my hair from the coronation in the morning. This is getting beyond me." Her voice ran down like some clockwork toy, and she sat plonk in a chair, kicking her shoes off. "And I'm starving; I've eaten only snacks since breakfast." 

It was past the usual dinner time and I'd not eaten myself. I scooped her shoes from the floor, and held my hand out.

"Let's see what the kitchen has to offer."

As we passed the stair, I dropped the shoes at its foot. She was swinging our joined arms and I let her lead into the kitchen. The cooks and other servants were sat at the head of the preparation table eating from bowls.

"Is there anything for us to eat?"

The cook looked aghast. "The master is out and left no orders, I thought that you would accompany him."

"No matter," I said. "Is there anything for a hungry pair to eat?"

"We have colds meats, cheese and the like, if it pleases you." She was on her feet. "Or if you want a hearty meal you can go to that restaurant that the master uses for his private meeting. He recommends the food there."

"That sounds like a good idea, we have yet to sample many of your local dishes."

Sissy pulled discreetly at my arm, I looked at her. "I don't want to go out," she whispered. "I want to eat and fall in bed."

"If you wish my love," I whispered back. "But this may be our last chance and there is a fish that has been recommended."

She smiled weakly at me, "Alright then, but I must change my clothes."

I looked to the cook still standing and told her that we would eat out and could she tell where the best cooked 'Snapper' was to be found. Sissy took herself off while I took directions. Better still Robrik walked in and insisted we use the coach. I was reluctant as to whether he had the authority to loan it, but it would save Sissy walking so I agreed.

The sky was dark with neither moon nor stars showing, even though the waxing moon should be near full bright in the sky at this time. 

We rode the carriage to a grand building on the docks itself. The restaurant was on the second floor and commanded a good view of the lighted ships, bobbing about in the wind across the harbour. 

The fish, served on a bed of rice and with a side salad, was worth the visit. The grey flakes of flesh crumbled in the mouth, the spices played tunes on the taste buds, making the wine served with it taste like nectar as well. 

We stayed a full hour, enjoying a boiled pudding with a thick yellow sauce after the main course. After, we sat a while satiated, enjoying a full stomach and looking out at the harbour lights, dancing madly on the wind swept water.

On the carriage ride back home, I watched the clouds scudding bye as Sissy cuddled up to me, tired out by her day and ready for bed.

We slept together in her bed. She complained about my bristles and wanted to shave me again but I refused, saying that it could wait till the morn, till she was fresh and bright again. 

When we woke it was to a knock on the door. She grumbled and pushed at me but I pushed back; it was her room. 

A second louder knock came, then through the door a voice. "Princess Sisoft, you are needed; the dressmaker is here to attend to you." 

More fittings for the dress, and another day of me kicking my heels. She walked to the bathroom and back to the bedside, where I watched her dress. I could hear the wind blowing, sending moans and shrieks through the window and I told her to wrap up warm. 

After she was gone, I picked my clothes and returned to my own room. Dressed and shaved I took myself to the breakfast room. Robrik was there and told me that I was to attend the fitting of my wedding suit. There would be a carriage waiting for me outside to take me there after I had had breakfast. 

The carriage took me to the door of a drab shop. I knocked hesitantly and walked in. The shop was filled with rolls of cloth, half made clothes on hangers and a little old man, who immediately pumped my hand vigorously when I announced my name. 

He brought out a guild ceremonial robe and had me try it on. He walked around me inspecting the fit and making little chalk marks. Satisfied, he bid me disrobe and took it, hanging it on the wall. 

We parted with another energetic handshake and the carriage took me back to the house. With nothing to do and no one around and the darkening clouds threatening rain, I retired to the library. 

It was there that Antic found me an hour or so later. He was complaining that the weather was threatening to spoil the grand procession. 

As we walked to eat lunch he told me of the Bishops impending arrival.

"We have arranged for them to be accommodated in the royal palace. They will accompany you home the next day. You will all go in procession, accompanied by a small detachment of their majesties personal guard."

I thanked him for the information and continued. "I have learnt that there is a prohibition on marriage between royalty and wizards."

"Yes," he said. "I've just heard of it myself that is but a minor matter. No one has bothered with that law for more than a hundred years; put it out of your mind."

"So," I said. "All preparations are in hand. We are to be married in two days and then we will return to our homes, free to continue with our lives."

He agreed. "S'snoyme has had its nose bloodied; I don't think we shall have trouble from them in a while."

We finished our meal and he went off to busy himself in some domestic matter, while I returned to the library. 

Sissy arrived with the rain. A light drizzle was falling, sprinkling her hair with glistening drops. She shook herself and found me in the library.

"What a day, if they had kept me any longer I would have gotten soaked. They were saying that when the rains come they can last for days, with bouts of really heavy downpours."

"I know, it's getting Antic worried in case it rains on his parade in two days time."

"I wish it were all over. I'm getting tired of being pushed around. Go here, do this. It's like I've got no life of my own anymore."

"It's only another three days and we'll be on the road home. Travelling easier than when we came."

She came over and embraced me in my chair, twisting she sat in my lap. "I enjoyed those times. I was alive then, a little confused and scared, but alive to the world around me."

I put my arm around her neck and pulled her in for a kiss. She responded with some fervour. My penis started to harden underneath her. She reached down, sliding her hand under her thigh and touched it, stroking it through my trousers.

"Why does it get hard like that?" she asked.

"It is responding to my love for you," I answered.

She cuddled to me closer, turning to lay full length along me and looking into my face.

"I need to change," she said. "Do you want to help me?"

We went up the stairs holding hands and turned into her room. She started to unbutton her jacket.

"Hey, that's supposed to be my job," I complained.

She smiled at me and held her hand wide. I unbuttoned the rest and pushed it slowly over her shoulders. I started on the buttons on her blouse and removed that. I reached around her back and brought our faces together. While my hands found the ends of the laces my lips touched hers, kissing me she held my head while I loosened her bustier, pushing it down releasing her breasts. I dropped my hands to the buttons securing her skirt, undoing them and pushing it down with her petticoats till it dropped of its own accord. She wriggled out of the bustier and stood before me clad only in her panties. 

I put my hand to her back and behind her knees and carried her to the bed, laying her down and joining her. I held her, kissing her till she complained of the roughness of my clothes on her skin. 

She knelt, undoing the buttons on my coat and shirt as I lay back. I pulled my head and shoulders up to ease them from my arms, kissing one of her nipples and giving it a quick lick around.

"Oh." There was both surprise and pleasure in her voice as her hand relaxed letting my head slip back to the pillow. My arms, still trapped in the sleeves were pinned to my sides, as hands on my shoulders she swivelled on top and pressed her lips to mine. Her tongue slipped in and we wrestled with our tongues till she released me for breath. 

She slid down onto my knees and released my belt. I struggled to get up to free my arms but she pushed me back down with her hand, holding me there with gentle pressure, the other hand fumbling at my trouser buttons. 

She used both hands to pull my trousers down as I raised my hips to help her. My penis stood full and erect as she ripped of my shoes and tossed them aside. Gripping the bottoms she pulled the trousers off and leapt back on top of me sitting on my thighs. Her cool hand encircled my hardened member and began to stroke it up and down. Her touch was thrilling me, causing a pleasure in my groin that spread a warmth to the rest of my body.

"This thing is too big to fit inside me," she exclaimed. "It is tight getting my finger in there." 

"It seems the snugger the fit the more pleasure is to be had," I explained.

"Had practice have you?" She looked at me, her hand stilled from stroking.

"No I have heard it said," I replied.

She squeezed my penis hard.

"Ow ow." 

Her grip softened and she laid the length of me, kissing me again, opening her mouth to let my tongue play with hers while gently holding my hard member rubbing her thumb on its head. 

She moved, lying to my side, her head on my shoulder, idly stroking my now throbbing penis. As she continued the leisurely movement, I felt a growing pleasure and pressure in my groin, my hips were now thrusting and twisting as the feeling intensified, moans escaped my mouth. 

As if with knowledge of what pleased me she tightened her grip and stroked faster, then faster again. The spurt of my cum arced over us and splattered the headboard. In her surprise she released me. The next spurt struck her chest above her breasts, running to her throat before its force was spent. A third spurt went onto my chest, running back down to my navel and filling it. The fourth was only a dribble onto my pubic hair. The long pent up pleasure released, I felt weak and exhausted, while she used a linen handkerchief to wipe the semen from her body.

"I had not known it had such power, it will force itself out through my mouth," she said, discarding the soiled kerchief.

"No." I leant up and disentangled my arms from my shirt, the cold sperm running into my pubic hair. "'twill go to your womb, feeding the seed of the baby there."

She leant to me and took up my flaccid member and kissed it. It gave a little twitch in her hand and she kissed it again. She reached for the kerchief to wipe the semen from my pubes. 

As she traced under my balls, my penis struggled to rise again. She giggled and squeezed it. 

She lay back on top of me and held my penis under her inner thigh, we lay a long while in each other's arms. She drifting towards sleep till a great flash and crack of thunder filled the room. She jumped with a start. 

"What time is it?" she asked.

"I don't know."

"I wonder if there is dinner, I'm hungry."

"Let's go down and see."

She groaned. "That means getting dressed again," She complained. 

"You can have them serve us in bed when we are home."

"That is of no help now." 

She sat up on the bed and I clothed her with my mind, illusioning a pretty dress that I had seen in the park in Boughtnock.

"Ohhh," she said in delight, as she hugged me round my neck and kissed me.

I clothed myself in dandy's clothes and we held hands walking to the door.

We ate our dinner in wistful silence, sitting opposite one another. Then made our way to bed.

The day dawned dark and gloomy. I had gotten up to use the toilet thinking it was still night, when there was a knock on the door. Thinking that there may be some emergency, I opened it, peering naked round the door. 

A maid stood there with an arm full of clothes. She curtsied, "I have clothes for the Princess to try on for the reception." 

I quickly imagined clothes for myself and opened the door wide. Sissy was still abed, drowsily peeking over the bedclothes. 

As soon as she had entered the room I excused myself and traipsed to my room to properly dress.

Downstairs, breakfast had finished long ago and I managed to scrounge a few scraps from the kitchen, before retreating to the library. It was here that Antic found me; he came bustling in, a wide grin on his face.

"Come, come." He waved his hand beckoning me. "Look who is here."

I walked rapidly to the door, following him through. "He came down with the Bishops."

There standing in the hallway was my old master, Unwinkle, looking resplendent in his guild robes; I ran to him and hugged him. 

"I thought that you might have perished," I said,

"It will take more than a few raggedy rebels to see me off," he chortled.

I hugged him again, clapping him on the back. "It is so good to see you."

Antic directed us into the library and we sat around the table. 

He began to relate his tale of the attack and occupation and Antic excused himself.

"I have some matters to attend to."

Soon after, Robrik appeared with a tray, bringing us wine and glasses. We talked the rest of the morn, till dinner time arrived and I accompanied my master to the table. Sissy was already seated talking to Antic and looked at Unwinkle with a puzzled look. 

"You remember Master Unwinkle, your father's court magician," I prompted. 

Recognition dawned on her face, and she excitedly greeted him.

"Unwinkle I didn't know you would be here, when did you arrive?"

Unwinkle told her of his journey with the Bishops and of meeting master Antic and being invited here. She pressed him for news of home and other matters all during dinner.

After dinner Antic took Sissy off to sort out some arrangements or something. Unwinkle had liberated a bottle of fine proastă, a spirit of fermented ground nanas. And we retired to the library to enjoy it.

"Now, Tiff my boy, you must tell me how you won at that dice game."

I spent the afternoon with him, swapping tales. He retelling me, for the umpteenth time, of his adventures as a journeyman. 

As it was getting near teatime he stood up. "Tiff, before I forget again, I have something for you."

He went and rummaged in his luggage.

"Here." In his proffered hand was a ring. "I bought it from the chief's wife when I took you; she claimed it was your mothers wish that you be given your fathers ring when you were old enough to bear it."

I took the ring, it was heavy like gold but of some silvery metal. The stone that faced it had a dragon design on it and was a milky green with flecks of gold embedded; it fitted my ring finger as if it were made for it.

"We will talk more of it after all this fuss is done with," he said. "See if the chief's wife can tell us more."

Tea was served, a meal of cubed meat, boiled with vegetables. Sissy was looking a bit glum, I resolved that as soon as the meal was over I would take her to the bedroom and put some fun back into her life.

I stood to leave, walking round the table to take Sissy's hand.

"Rigbetif, here attend me." It was Antic, a broad smile on his face. "I have someone I want you to meet."

Antic took me to meet a caller who waited in the hall. He was dressed in the robes of an initiate, and looked in awe of the house and Antic. He was standing nervously, playing with the tassel of his sash.

"It is traditional that the groom is granted one last night of freedom before his wedding. I have recruited some lads from the academy to take you out tonight to celebrate your last night of bachelorhood. Rissit here has come to take you out. You will spend the night at the academy, so that Princess Sisoft may don her wedding gown without fear of you seeing her in it, and spoiling your luck for the marriage," Antic informed me.

Rissit took my hand and shook it.

"We have heard a lot about you, sir."

"I am no sir, you must call me Rigbetif."

Rissit took his leave of Antic and we departed. Fortunately the rain had eased and was no more than a misty fog as we walked to the gate.

Rissit led me through the streets to an imposing building, a full three stories high. The front was all windows with a castellated roof; the door as we approached was small when measured against the building. 

Through it was a circular stair running up and corridors running left and right. He took me to the right. The corridor seemed to go on forever and we were most of the way down it before he stopped at a door. 

He produced a key and we entered. There were two single beds and wardrobes either side. A table with two chairs was set against the window. He took one of the chairs and I the other.

"You are younger than I thought."

"I am yet to begin my journeyman's travels." 

"Yet your adventures sound like you travelled the world." 

"The stories are overrated; I faced no real dangers once we left the kingdom."

"But you travelled in secret with a Princess in your charge"

A knock at the door saved me further explanation as he opened it to a group of friends. They were all about my age and were dressed for the street.

"Are we ready then?" A tall cropped haired youth asked. There was a murmured assent amongst the group as Rissit turned and pointed at me.

"Here is the man of the hour; if he is ready then we may be off."
