 This was written for my pleasure by my love as we together explored... possibilities. Hope you enjoy it! He gets all my feedback, too, so hope you leave some.

* * * * * * * * * * * 

She awoke with a lingering feeling of grogginess. Why was that? She remembered being out with friends at a celebration. The group had presented their documentation and the lawyers had carried it into a victory for their side. Everyone agreed that such a win deserved a party, and they had retired to a local bar right after work. Toasts were toasted, but not so many that she should feel this hazy headedness. 

She tried to roll onto her side, but could not seem to communicate that desire to her muscles. She lay flat on her back trying to gather her resources, and then she felt... cold. Odd, it was summer, and even with the air-conditioning going, she seldom felt cold. And yet, that was exactly it. Her skin felt slightly goose-bumpy, maybe even a little clammy. Well, I'll just pull up the covers a little, she thought. Sliding her hand around to grasp the edge of the quilt she always kept handy, her eyes lazily shut, she hunted. Then a sudden dawning, there was no cover; neither at hand nor under her. Dragging up from the fog, she realized she was nude, no flannel night gown, no nothing. 

How odd, but not quite a real thought, sort of a passing idea not completely formed. Nude, the word tugged at her. Nude, can't be I never sleep this way. NUDE, what's happening? Where is my gown, where are the covers, where am I? Wake up. Wake up. WAKE UP. 

Ohmygod, eyes open now, ohmygod, strange place, strange lights overhead, ohmygod, I'm... somewhere, OMYGOD!

Panic, terror. Where, where? Maya looks around, able to move her head from side to side, she surveys the room. Dim, but not dark. Empty save for the camera on a tripod just away from the table. Table. Head lifting, she looks. It appears to be stainless steel, definitely metal. No wonder she is cold. Her arm raises a little, feeling is coming back to her. Got to get up from here. Slowly Maya rises to a sitting position. She hears a small electric motor whir and glances around. The camera has followed her movements. Suddenly she feels trapped and vulnerable in her nudity. One arm covers her breasts, the other, her groin. The sound of the knob turning, and the door begins to open. And in walks... Maya!

Ohmygod, I'm hallucinating, she thinks. Ambulatory Maya approaches and stops a few feet from the table. Sitting Maya scrutinizes her doppleganger in detail. Unbelievable, they are identical down to the scars on their arms and abdomen. The only difference is that the twin has shaven mons. Sneaking a quick downward glance, Maya is also smoothly shaved. Fear has passed, replaced by awe. 

Standing Maya, in Maya's voice, says, "Do not be afraid, I have taken on this shape in order to make you feel more secure. We will not harm you nor cause you any pain whatsoever. You may call me Gypsy. " 

Gypsy? Where did she pull that name from? How could she know that? Gypsy begins to explain; Maya has been abducted to increase the knowledge of aliens from a far galaxy about the thoughts and feelings of Earthlings. Maya tries to concentrate as the explanation unfolds, but can not follow it all, it is to bizarre of a situation. Gypsy drones on but Maya's mind keeps telling her it is some kind of dream. Perhaps someone slipped LSD into one of her drinks. Perhaps Maya is having a nervous breakdown. Perhaps Maya is going through a psychotic break. Perhaps... it is true!

The main idea is that some experiments will be performed, but they will not cause pain and she will not be harmed. Somehow, as strange as it all seems, Gypsy is convincing, and Maya relaxes now caught up in the experience. Deep within, Maya feels sure that Gypsy is telling the truth and she has nothing to fear. Will Maya consent to participate? Yes, a little trepidation, but yes. 

"Please step onto the floor, there is a mat for your feet. " Gypsy goes to a shelf and returns with a jar of some clear gel looking substance. "It is a combination of vitamins A and E, some glycerin, etc. " Gypsy would like to apply a coating, if that would be okay. 

"A full body facial? Certainly, go right ahead. " From the door four other women begin to enter. They are vaguely familiar, but not quite identifiable. Of course; they are combinations of women Maya has known. No single person, but facets of several amalgamated into one being. Maya can pick out the movie stars, and earlier friends, and women she has seen but did not know. The best features of all of their individual parts. And then enters a man, Maya knows him at once. He is also many, but mostly... he is Master. 

The arms and shoulders, the eyes, the walk, yes it is Master. He takes charge of the group by simply being there, Gypsy steps to his side and they exchange some words. Gypsy orders the girls to begin the application. Master steps forward and takes both of Maya's hands tenderly into his. He looks deep into her eyes and tells her gently that all is well and she has nothing to fear. Ah, Sir Lawrence is also in the mix. He slips from her hands, holding just a little long as their finger tips part, then steps back and continues to look into her eyes. Her nipples stiffen, but not from the touch of the four women massaging the gel. Two in front, two behind, two at the top, two at her feet. The four women have quartered Maya with their attention. The upper limit is her neck, they do not apply any to her face. Arms and shoulders, feet and calves. Working down/up. Quickly Maya knows where they will meet. The gel is warm and slick and smells lightly of jasmine. Her skin is suddenly super-sensitive to the strong fingers working on her. The uppers skip past her nipples although they coat all the rest of her breasts. And now they meet. The two uppers hold her open, both front and rear, while the two lowers apply their skills to the tender areas afforded them. They stroke her channels with light caresses, an erection growing in her. Super-sensitive all over down there. 

The Master steps forward and holds her hands. Close, he whispers that he wishes her to enjoy this. Her nipples extend and her clit engorges. The feeling is almost too much. She is just on the verge, and then... they stop. Gypsy produces a new jar. This gel is slightly blue in color. And two of the girls stand. The Master orders Maya to spread her legs. To each of the lowers, Gypsy hands a small wand. Each dip into the new gel as the uppers collect a small amount on their fingers. OHMYGOD. The lowers insert the rods into both openings and commence to twist them around, spreading the gel inside. The uppers coat her nipples, massaging it in. The rods come out, dip, and slide back, stroking, twisting, touching every portion, every nerve of her. Again and again. 

The Master smiles, and nods his approval, and Maya... COOMMESSS. Oooh OOOooh OOoooohh OOooOO Oooohhh Aaaahhhh Uungh Uungh uungh It seems hours later that Maya slides from the waves of orgasm to re-enter reality. Her entire body feels like it is on fire with sexual heat. All four girls are supporting her for her legs have gone to jelly and she would surely fall otherwise. They help her follow the Master into another room. 

This one has myriads of electronic equipment. And in the center is a clear plexiglass tub. It is neck high and filled with a translucent pink fluid. Maya is led onto a plate that acts as an elevator, and raised up to the top of the tub. Then sideways and down into the fluid. It feels like warm honey. Thick, but very fluid. The plate lowers her to a position standing on the bottom. The Master is at a huge control board. He tells Maya she may completely relax, the fluid will hold her vertical without any need for her to support her weight. She relaxes, suspended. But the fluid does more than just hold her up, it invades her, filling her completely both front and back. It feels as if it is inside her very skin pores. And it feels... good. Real good. Unbelievably good. Gypsy lowers a metal skull cap onto Maya's head with wires running out to the control panel. The Master explains that the experiment is to record the feelings from her body. Why not just get them from wherever you got my memories, she asks. He replies that memories of feelings are not as absolute as the feelings themselves. 

The uppers and lowers have gathered around the clear tub with Master and Gypsy. They watch. Their glittering eyes on her. Maya feels exposed and embarrassed... and excited and hot. She senses many eyes upon her, more than the immediate group. Behind the mirror! A floor to ceiling mirror that she suddenly knows is a one-way. She can feel the audience behind it, looking at her, wanting her, lusting for her. She absorbs their heat and reflects it back, adding her own. Her skin begins to tingle with excitement. 

Suddenly Master has his hand upon her cunny, massaging, stroking, demanding. The couple across the restaurant are staring. How can this be? And now she understands, the gel draws up her experiences. And more. Master is in her. Stroking back and forth as her hips grind to meet him. And he is in back, imbedded in her. She can feel every blood vein on him as he plunges deep inside! AAAhhhhh She joins him, and he with her. She can feel is pulsing ejaculation in her ass. OOoooohhh It is not just Master, he is more, many more. He, they, are all the men she has known, or wanted, or dreamt of, or fantasized about. She feels a tongue licking at her cunt, sucking, nibbling her clit as both cocks pistons in and out. The two cocks meeting on each stroke in the center of her, rubbing at the membranes that separate them. OOOHHH GODDD YESSSS, FUUCCKK Her nipples are on fire. In the mouths of both men and women. A beard against her breast, and long cascading locks of hair trailing over her abdomen, and down her thighs. It is all the secret thoughts she's had. Ones she has never voiced to anyone else in the world. More. Much, much more. The bath tub faucet is pouring over her trembling thighs. Even the dark longings she has not herself acknowledged. Tongues and fingers stroking every inch of her skin from toe to crown. AAAAHAHHHH JEEESUUUUSSS. No waiting now, just orgasm after orgasm. A cock slides into her mouth and she sucks greedily for its prize. It pulses and throbs as jets of come spill out into her mouth, and on her breasts, covering them with the shiny slickness of males. OOHH GODD I-I CAAANNNN’T STAAAND IIIIT!!!!!!!!! 

The tall woman with dark hair and eyes flashing, a leather bustier, and a strap-on dildo obscenely, invitingly protruding. She hears all the voices of the audience behind the mirror, entwined with one another, coming in a tangle of orgiastic explosions. A wave breaks over her on the beach, the sun warming and clear. A hundred men stand in a circle as she takes two, then three inside her. Their cocks dripping come onto her, she rubs it into her skin. "FUUUCK!!!!!!!!! AAAAAH NOOOO MOOORE, PLEEEAASE!"

She feels the other woman's cunt against her own. Rubbing, grinding, clit to clit exploding. The woman juice pouring over Maya's outstretched tongue. The nipple hard in her mouth, with the turgid cock. Her fingers wet and slippery in a cunt, extended around a pulsing cock, probing beyond the sphincter. 

"OOH AAAH UNNGH GODDD DAAAAMN"

Every orgasm she has ever had, wanted, thought of, imagined, all simultaneously exploding in her brain!!And then it is darkness. 

She awakes, her gown torn open from top to bottom. Her body awash with perspiration. The sheets crumpled and hanging in piles from the bed. Trembling throughout her entire being. The dogs sit on the far side of the room, looking at her strangely. My God, what a dream. What a satisfying... dream. The word is completely inadequate, it was... an experience of a life time! Maya arises and finds her body sated, but, at once, robust and alive. The shower turns on and Maya feels the first cold drops pour from the head. She... floats to the mirror, and sees a glow in her face and eyes that has been missing for a long time. And then she spies, just above her shaven mons, a tiny bit of blue gel.