 NOTES:

This is a gift for Evil Empire (aka Spacefender). It's was written fairly quickly, so please forgive any mistakes, and is also part of a larger story that I may (or may not) continue in the future. (cross-posted to my other writing accounts).

----

The Dragon Throne



Larix Tai Lun Lisbeth, the elven consort of the King Herensuge, strode around the Hall of the Elders with a haughty little smile on her full lips. The fat nipples of her tits, which stood out from her chest like huge globes, were barely covered by strips of gold material. The same gold material wrapped around the smooth dark skin of her narrow waist and fell in wide panels to the front and back, leaving her long legs exposed, from ankle to wide hips. Today was a nymphonact, a night of lustful activity eagerly hosted by the King. On every soft surface were members of this society's highest social circles, couples and groups caught up in frantic fucking. Larix tossed her long, black curly hair over her shoulder, but her gaze was fixed on the small dais near the back of the high-ceiling'ed room.

King Herensuge stretched out on his side on a low couch, almost fully nude except for the fanciful bands of material wrapped around his waist. He was a strongly built individual, quite muscular even at the age of fifty but with a heavy paunch after many years of comfortable living. Across his cheekbones, bronzed scales gleamed under the flickering golden lights of the few torches, and horns protruded out of his forehead, curving just under his silver-streaked hairline. Larix seemed to be half his age, but her appearance hadn't really changed from when she had seduced him as a young prince in hopes of being crowned Queen of this prosperous dominion called Einon. Up to quite recently, she had harboured increasing hopes that she would have ruled at his side, after so many years of their well-known affair.

Those hopes had been bitterly dashed when the King had recently chosen a female from his own race of the dragon-kith. A young female, ripe with vigor and youth, reclined on the couch beside Herensuge: the new Queen's belly was plump with the first sovereign offspring. The King's fingers stroked the Queen's exposed, damp cunt, and she smiled up at him, her dark eyes gleaming. Among the dragon-kith, this Queen was viewed as almost as noble as Herensuge, firstborn in one of the oldest tribes; a cousin twice-removed of the King, if Larix recalled their familial lineage clearly. Larix stared at them in their little love-nest; he had fallen so deeply in love with his nubile wife, abandoning Larix and his own child with her.

How easily the dragon-kith go back on their word, Larix thought to herself, stepping over writhing bodies. They were not actual dragons, merely the descendants of human beings who had copulated with the great serpents so many generations ago. The dragon-kith of this age treated their beastly relatives as slaves: bending their monstrous will under magical collars. Such cruelty; but she should have known not to trust the word of any dragon-kith, despite their majestic heritage. Her own union with Herensuge, as unofficial as it was, had been recognised within the elvish community as a symbol of great influence. Now, the elves were quietly angry at the careless actions of Herensuge, and growing even more unsettled at the deteriorating treatment of their old dragon friends. No amount of petition on their part would sway the dragon-kith, even with Larix's pleas submitted directly to the King. The anger of the elves was slow to heat, she mused...but burnt fiercely when ignited.

She was so deep within her contemplation that she didn't notice a tall individual dressed in a long black cloak gliding up behind her. Larix let out a choked off cry when they seized her by the waist, and pushed her into a nearby alcove, shoving her against the cold stone wall. She grunted as the person behind her grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked cruelly so that she had to turn her head around. Larix caught a brief glimpse of a narrow face and bright golden eyes underneath the shadowed recesses of a large cowl, before her full lips were caught up in a rough kiss. The back panel of her skimpy gown was pulled to one side, and the person behind her dealt a sharp slap to the fat flesh of her buttocks. Larix squealed: the sound was a mix of outrage that someone would dare to handle her this way, a bit of pain and a lot of delighted lust.

Her assailant smacked her ass with their bare palm again and again, treating one cheek to harsh treatment before going to the other. Larix tried to pull away, but her aggressor held her firm by the hair and then pushed a thumb deep into her crack, rubbing her asshole roughly. Larix moaned, her tongue rubbing wetly against the one invading her mouth. 

She groaned as she felt a drooling cockhead pushing between her thighs insistently, forcing her flesh apart as it rubbed against the lips of her pussy from underneath.

"Open your legs, Tai Lun Lisbet," her attacker commanded. The voice was very harsh and familiar. 

Larix obeyed quickly, releasing a quick sob as the erect fuckpole shoved into her pussy without a pause. "Oh, Nila! Yes, fuck me. Fuck me harder!"

Nilakanta Tai Lun Larix, born about thirty autumns ago to the Consort Larix and the Dragon King Herensuge, fed her thick dong into her mother, heavy balls slapping against the leaking gash as she pulled out and rammed in again. Nila released Larix's hair and grasped her by the upper arms. Her sharp, hard nails, courtesy of her dragon heritage, dug into the elf's flesh, allowing small rivulets of dark blood to drip out of the wounds. Elves healed quickly, but Larix relished the harsh points of pain.

"You're...so...tight," Nila grunted with every punishing thrust. "Always...so...tight!"

"Yes, my darling!" Larix moaned. "Stuff my cunt!"

The wet, squelching sounds of their fucking filled the small space of the alcove, mixing with frenzied noises of the nymphonact. Hidden here in the shadows, no-one noticed that Larix's pussy was being pounded relentlessly by her own half-dragon-kith, half-elven offspring. Larix gazed out over at Herensuge doting on his queen, and a feral smile played over her mouth as her daughter's cock plunged into her again and again. 

It was quite within her means to dispose of the young Queen. Soon, her very own Nilakanta would be in line once more...the rightful heir to the Dragon Throne.



nineteen winters later

The sleek onyx dragon sped like an arrow, scales limned by the feeble light of the crescent moon. Clutched securely within its large claws, an ornate cage swung gently, thick curtains obscuring the interior. The dragon skimmed low over miles of salt water before arriving over a large island which was mostly made up of a mountainous forest. The dragon flew over the tops of tall trees and heading towards a huge structure built right into the surface of a cliff so smooth it looked like a black waterfall in the night. Lights shone brightly from a few of the arched windows in the structure, like the stars above in the night-sky. The dragon beat its massive wings twice, soaring up to descend towards a massive ledge which jutted out from the cliff's surface, just below the main bulk of the ornate mansion.

Carefully, the dragon set down the cage and stepped to one side, claws tapping on the stone of the ledge. The curtains within shifted, and then the door pushed open. Nilakanta Tai Lun Larix, tall and regal, stepped out from within the comforting confines of the cage. The wind tugged at her cloak and her straight, long hair, whipping both like pennants. Golden eyes gleaming, her full lips tilted up as the dragon dipped its head, a trill sounding deep within its long throat.

"Well done, my friend," Nilakanta murmured, reaching out a glove-covered hand to stroke its snout as it dipped towards her. The fingers of her gloves were tipped with diamond-claws, used in many a battle, but they hardly made a mark against the dragon's thick plated skin. "Go, feed. I will alert you when I'm prepared to return."

The dragon, who called itself Windbriar, let out another affectionate sound and launched into the air, disappearing into the forest which continued above the sheer cliff. Nilakanta watched it go, and then strode off towards the large double-door built into the stone; it was the only entrance into this well-protected manor. One side of the doors swung open and a short, hunched form shuffled out. Nilakanta offered a cool smile to the goblin bobbing before her, one of the many which had been freed from the halls of the dragon-kith. 

"Your majesty," the goblin hissed, still bowing as he led her into a narrow rocky hallway which curved up and around. He shut the door and engaged the enormous locks, the heavy thuds echoing over the bouldered walls. "How pleased I am to see you."

"Greetings, Georling," Nilakanta returned, brushing wisps of her hair from the thin line of scales on her brown cheek. "Any trespassers?"

"A group of three in the last fortnight," Georling reported. "Used ropes to travel down the side of the cliff. We ran them through with spears."

"Good." Nilakanta turned shining eyes towards him, her smile warming. Georling gazed up at her, entranced. She did not have the famed beauty of her mother, Larix, but she was striking in her own way, with her narrow face and sharp features, thin eyebrows winging upwards in the fashion of all elves. Tall and built powerfully, the muscles of her long legs were clearly showcased by the tight material of her dark-blue trousers. The form-fitting leather bustiere moulded against the flat planes of her stomach and her small tits, the criss-crossed cords pulled tight. She used one gloved hand to flick her loose hair back over her shoulder, and then headed towards the wide stairs carved out in the floor of the hall. Georling scurried after her.

"They could have saved themselves the trouble, your Majesty," he said as they climbed past the levels of the main living salons, the massive kitchens and the armory. Huge candles in elegant bronze sconces on the walls lit the way. "At the time, the princess was off on her usual visits to Merfolks' Rest and Echlach Forest."

"Was she?" Nilakanta mused, undoing the silver clasp of her cloak and handing it to Georling. She stripped off her gloves and gave them to him as well. "She does love those merfolk, doesn't she?"

"And the faeries of Echlach. They adore her as well," Georling said with a hint of pride in his gravelly voice, folding the heavy materials and holding them in his arms. They had arrived at a landing in front of a half-open door; a glow of warm yellow light fell through the opening.

"That they do." Nilakanta inclined her head towards the goblin in approval. "Dismissed, Georling."

"As you command." Georling bobbed once more, and then continued even further upstairs towards the quarters of the servants who kept this mansion faithfully. Nilakanta watched him as he disappeared around another corner, then pushed open the door.

She entered the private suites of the Princess Livyathan, who at present knelt on the floor beside the massive bed. Livyathan was dressed in a lavish gold-hued gown, her black hair caught up in a loose braid and wrapped around her head like an intricate tiara. Livyathan muttered under her breath, appearing not to notice the entrance of Nilakanta, who closed the door very quietly and then approached just as silently, stopping to peer over Livyathan's shoulder. The princess pored over a massive map of the Dominion of Einon, towns and landscapes carefully drawn on the massive parchment; coloured inks in pots and many brushes scattered over the thick carpeting. Nilakanta eyed the smooth curve of the princess's neck, a few shades darker than her own skin and felt a lustful twitch in her crotch.

"Still working on your precious map, Livy?" Nilakanta asked and Livyathan spun around, almost knocking over a few of her ink-pots. The princess's wide eyes were almost the same golden shade as Nilakanta's, and nearly the same shape as well. Tiny horns emerged at her temples, just about to curve in the manner which indicated dragon-kith adulthood, and the brush of scales at her cheek glittered in the light of the bright flames in the fireplace.

"Nila!" Livyathan yelled and got to her feet, leaping towards her half-sibling. Nila caught her and swung her around quite easily as Livy released loud giggles of delight, just as she did when she was a child and weighed half as much. Livy was nearly a head shorter than Nila, but quite voluptuous, rivalling even Larix in her sensuous curves; Nila could feel her large, soft breasts pressing against her own smaller bust. She stopped swinging the princess around and set her on her bare feet. Livy reached up, going on tiptoes to grasp Nila's narrow face in her hands and press quick, greedy kisses all over her cheeks, forehead, nose and then lips.

Nila moaned softly as Livy's mouth moved against hers, parting her lips to let the girl's tongue boldly explore her mouth. It was times like these she was glad she had ignored Larix's desire to kill the newborn heir of King Herensuge. She sent the baby far away from Exio, the city of the Dragon Throne as the elves and the dragons had risen up against the dragon-kith. The Knight Dragon Nilakanta slaughtered entire tribes of dragon-kith and finally took command of the Dragon Throne. Princess Livyathan remained alive and protected on the southwestern island of Wrickmyre, much to Larix's continued dismay. Nilakanta, now the Dragon Queen, had ordered that the young princess not be restricted in any way, except for a few firm rules: the princess was not to be exposed to the ongoing skirmishes; she was to be protected from any dragon-kith who would claim her for their own; and under no circumstances should Larix Tai Lun Lisbeth be allowed near her.

For she is mine, Nilakanta thought, reaching between the press of their bodies to pull at the many fastenings of Livy's bodice, peeling the gilded material from her shoulders. Livy gave an excited little wriggle and pulled away from her half-sibling's roaming hands, gazing up into her face.

"Have you defeated the last of the rebels, my Queen?" she asked breathlessly, tugging at the fastenings of Nila's trousers with her small hands. 

"In a few more days, they will be completely crushed," Nila promised. The last remaining faction of the dragon-kith were desperate, but the elves had them cornered in the swamps of Eliomar. Nilakanta had recruited the assistance of the water-dragons, and it was only a matter of time. "Soon, Exio will be safe for your return at my side."

Livyantha bit her lower lip, looking up at Nila from underneath her long lashes. "I've never been to Exio...or Setchmond. Oh, I would love to see Imonar!"

"You will." Nila pushed her back, hurriedly stripping the younger woman until she was left only in a very gauzy under-dress and thick white stockings. She undid her own bustiere as well and removed it, pushing Livy towards the big bed. When she fell onto it and crawled backwards to lie on her back, Nila followed on her hands and knees in a stalking manner. She hovered above Livy for a moment, looking down into her heart-shaped face; a face she watched grow from a mischievous but carefree child to this sultry young female...almost the very last of her kind. All Livyantha knew was that she had been rescued as a baby by her older half-sibling, who cherished and protected her from the clutches of all other dragon-kith who sought to harm her...even Livyantha's own evil parents, the former Dragon King and Queen. Falsehoods, of course, but Nilakanta did not regret a single one. Besides, there would soon be no other dragon-kith left to tell the tale.

Nila pulled the ties which closed the front of the Livy's under-garment, opening it just over her chest the way one would a gift; Livy's large, lovely tits lay exposed. She bent her head and took one of Livy's crinkled nippes in her mouth, sucking hard. Livy moaned, grabbing onto Nila's head as the Dragon Queen switched to the other tit, coaxing that nipple to be as hard and taut as the first. Impatient, Nila pulled open the rest of the translucent dress, and finally Livy lay naked, her chest moving with every deep breath. Nila slid down her smaller body and pushed her stocking-covered thighs apart, staring at the plump, bare lips of Livy's pussy. The girl trembled and moaned as Nila licked the soft flesh, teasing open the cunt-lips with her tongue to savour her musky wetness. 

"Oh, yes!" the girl panted, grabbing at Nila's head. Livy planted her feet on the bed and shoved her hips up, urging Nila's tongue deeper inside herself, groaning lustily all the while. "Nila! Yes!"

As she worked at Livy's dripping pussy with her lips and tongue, Nila reached down between her own legs, into the placket which Livy had left half-open a few moments earlier. She gripped the huge shaft of her cock, stroking it slowly. Thick jizz dribbled from the fat head, in anticipation of thrusting it into her younger sister. Fleetingly, she pondered the fact that she was nearly the same age as their father Herensuge had been when he had taken his young cousin as Queen. 

Herensuge had been killed in one of the very first battles, over-confident in his strength and capabilities, scornful of the might of the elven and dragon armies. Nilakanta had taken him down after a fierce struggle, severing his head with her greatsword. She had been willing to spare his Queen, but when she'd gone up to the royal suites, she'd discovered that Larix had stabbed the Queen to death, and had been advancing on the squalling young princess in the crib with the bloody blade. Nilakanta had saved the baby, taking her far away from Larix's bitter hate. When the Dragon Queen Nilakanta took Livyathan back to Exio as her Queen, she would need to protect her from Larix, who was both jealous and cunning.

Well, one of Herensuge's daughters would surely impregnate the other, and Herensuge's bloodline would continue in some way. That might appease his tortured soul.

The pull of Livy's hands in her hair drew her out of her musing and upwards. Nila tried to push off her tight trousers as she fell atop her eager younger sister, but Livy was far too fervent. She writhed underneath Nila, parting her legs even wider and panting as she felt the broad head of Nila's prick rubbing against the pouting pink flesh of her cunny. She bucked her hips up in a violent move, and they both moaned as the head of Nila's fuckpole breached her tight, wet hole. The Dragon Queen braced her hands on either side of the Princess's head, and pushed forward into the constricting heat.

"Mmmm fuck," Livy moaned, going up on her elbows to suckle on one of Nila's small tits. She nibbled on the hard nipple as Nila pulled back and thrust into her over and over again. Nila let out a harsh grunting sound and grabbed Livy's wrists, pinning them down on the bed. She knew how much Livy loved being held down; no matter how much the girl struggled to be released, as she did now.

"Let me go!" Livy cried, hips bucking wildly, trying to wrench her wrists out of Nila's hold. Yet, Nila had the strength of an elf, and she held Livy in place quite easily, fucking into the girl with increasing savagery. She could feel her cock bumping against the rubbery stub of Livy's cervix, causing the princess to let out short, breathless shrieks with every thrust. 

"Ahh!" Livy screamed, her body twisting and arching. "Nila! I'm cumming! I'm CUMMING!" Her thighs tightened around Nila's waist almost painfully, the stockings rubbing against her skin. Nila felt her cock throb and pulse, releasing thick streamers of cum deep inside her half-sister, flooding her insides with hot jizz. Livy moaned weakly and her legs fell apart. Nila drew back, sitting on her haunches and trying to catch her breath. Her prick was currently spent, but when she gazed at her own thick cream drooling out of Livy's distended gash, she felt it twitch and harden in arousal once more; the mix of elvish and dragon-kith constitution was a thing of wonder.
