 The first days travel was wholly uneventful. We stopped to rest the equinininys mid morn; some people had brought snacks to eat while others including us took the air. 

My mistress declared that eating was bad for the digestion when one was thrown around on the track, which had turned to bare earth outside of the town. 

We stopped at an inn at lunch time to change equinininys, and allow us to eat a filling meal. Mid afternoon we rested again, pulling in to the night stop with a full sun above the horizon. 

We were to have a room in the women's wing, a peculiarity of the travel stations, used by a goodly number of travellers a night. 

There was a communal bath room at one end and jugs of hot water; I saw some sights there as Sissy made me scrub her back. 

I slept on the cote provided, much to Sissy's surprise, my bum ached from the road and it took me awhile settling.

After an eggs, bacon and sausage breakfast we were on the road, and another day passed much the same as the first. 

The final night was the same, excepting that the landlady supervising was a real harridan. When I dropped the pot she gave me a stroke across my ass with a cane, to hurry me up, as I cleaned the shards. Sissy held her nose tight to stop herself laughing; truth is, I had the last laugh, turning rigid my pinafore to absorb the blow.

"Tif we are here," she exclaimed, as we alighted the next day around mid morn. 

'So far so good', I thought. Perhaps I was being overcautious. But, being in disguise felt more comfortable despite the hard work it entailed. It was a real adventure; given that we had experience no real danger so far, it had been a remarkable journey. What new circumstances would we find here?

We wandered, away from the milling crowd at the coach station, and I began looking for a quiet corner to change out of our disguise.

Yipell was an old port city grown large; it was in a great crater, about a mile and a half in radius. There was a central island, occupied these three generations of kings, by a magnificent palace built around a central mound of hot springs. There was a breach in the rim wall that allowed access to the sea, creating the perfect harbour. The dock had built out around the entire shore line, and it held ships both grand and small, private and commercial. There had been attempts to build a bridge to span the two hundred yard gap, which was the entrance to the port, with bridges replacing attempt after attempt of late.

With its monopoly on overseas trade to the eastward isles, and to the great southern continent, the city was the funnel to all these strange lands. It generated such profit for its merchants that it was the dominant kingdom by means of its wealth, amongst all the kingdoms of our lands. All that was important came from or to here.

Up on the wall facing the entrance was the old palace, now the base of the grand council of wizards. Scattered left and right were the generations of buildings with the larger dwelling tending to the top of the gentle slope of the rim. 

There are all sorts of fables and tales of, and, about it.

We dumped the costume in the gloom of a deep passageway, assuming our normal visage, and the clothes of a country townie. 

Accommodation and rest were the first order. I enquired of the seamen of a comfortable inn at reasonable rates and was directed to one along the docks. 

The 'House of the Rising Sun' was an old slate roofed stone walled corner building, with the wooden bat wing door giving entrance, set on the corner itself. 

As we entered there was a bar to the left and an eating area right. Modern iron steps replaced old wooden stairs along the outer wall, with new windows set incongruously in old walls.

"Good day to you sir. We are enquiring for a room." 

He looked at us. "Sharing?" 

"We are brother and sister, and know and tolerate each other well. Besides it saves us funds."

"Room with a view?"

"Room at the back."

"That will be nine coppers a night."

I paid over a silver and took the penny change. 

Our room was well proportioned, with a generous double bed. We both lay on the bed, clothes off, just resting. 

"Let's get some real clothes, merchant quality, something with comfort built in?"

"And a pretty dress for me to wear here."

"To match the stockings," I said smiling. 

She clapped her hands.

Asking where we might find a market, the receptionist told us of the best one in the third ring. 

We strolled up the slight incline past offices and warehouses. The third cross street had the low end shops, pubs and a variety of stalls, the fourth was a better class, the fifth was where we reassumed the guise of gentlemen to purchase a dress for her.  

She took a long time and three shops before she found the perfect thing. I was thoroughly bored by this time, and didn't examine the final garment before it was neatly packaged, with even a fancy bow. We picked out fine linen shirts and cotton clothes as well as undergarments. With hers done mine took no time at all, we got the shoes, shirt, coat trousers, underclothes and accessories all in the first tailors I came to.

We took our parcels home, washing and changing into the new clothes in the safety of the room. We then went down to eat.

The looks at our improved status said 'dressing up to impress', and turned heads here in this dockside inn as we sat for our meal. 

We then took a turn around the upper streets with the grand houses, clubs, theatres and the like. There were restaurants from the other lands with strange smells, and corner stands selling snacks, of which we sampled more than a few. 

In the courtyard of one of the houses, at the end of the commercial district, we came across a small casino. Card games under shaded tables, a roulette wheel under a canopy. We wandered in for a look round. At the back was a small bar. 

"Would you like a glass of wine?" I asked.

"Yes," came the reply, "why not."

I went to the bar and purchased a bottle of wine, and a plate of small savoury fancies. We retired to a table shaded by the wall. 

Sissy pulled our chairs together and leaned to my side; making a game of guessing the professions of those we observed gambling. It was refreshing just idling the time away, no rush to go anywhere or do anything. 

Finally with the sun setting, and the gas lamps being lit, we headed back. 

Making a guess where our inn was situated, I tried to take a shortcut down one of the alleyways. It was just as well I had magical powers or our venture might have ended there.

As we walked the darkening path, two villains emerged from the shadows in front of us. Sissy, who had her arm loosely linked through mine drew closer to me and cast a wary look behind. 

"There are three more behind us."

"It's ok Sissy, don't worry, they won't be expecting magic .... Do you want to have a little fun with them?"

The two in front were now only ten paces away, so I steered Sissy to the garden wall, where I stood with her behind my back. We must have looked easy marks for they continued sauntering, steering a path straight for us. I waited, wanting all five in front of me before I acted.

"What shall I do with them?" I asked over my shoulder.

"I don't know, what can you do?"

The centre of the three from behind pulled out a long knife and pointed it at us. I looked around at the group surrounding us, then inspired I focused on their footwear. I made the soles burning hot. They started hopping about and screeching.

"There I've made them dance for you."

She was beginning to laugh loudly as they sat and tried to pull their boots off, but they were too hot for their hands as well. I let the heat go, and seized on the knife, making it dance as well. Then I brought it off the ground and started it swooping on them, like an angry bird.

Trapped on the ground they were rolling left and right trying to avoid it. Sissy now had to lean on me she was laughing so much. Letting the knife drop to the floor I scrunched them together and lifted them into the air.

"Shall I let them go now or entertain you some more?"

"No." she said, getting the word out with difficulty as her laughter subsided. 

I took that to mean 'no let them go', but I wasn't quite finished yet. I set them back standing on the ground, facing away from us. Using every ounce of my concentration I set about removing their pants, undoing buckles and buttons. I heard Sissy's small "Eek" as the first one's trousers fell around his ankles. Then with the five all bare assed, I froze them to the spot, as we walked out of the alleyway and back onto the lamp lit street. 

We had gone but a dozen paces before she burst out laughing again and looking at her I started laughing too. 

Her mirth had finally subsided by the time we arrived back at the inn. 

Sitting in a corner of the bar, with glasses of wine, we discussed our next options, the final part of our quest, how to right the situation in her kingdom. We could go to the council, and put the matter of the inheritance of the kingdom before them, or tackle the prince and the betrothal. I was firm in my view that the matter of her identity, and proof of the malicious tale spread of her, was the prime concern and should be dealt with first. I would go and make representations to the council first thing they were open in the morning.

After taking two additional glasses, we made our way upstairs. 

Wearing real clothes had become a novelty, as we both undressed. She, hanging or folding the garments carefully as she removed them. While I simply laid mine on the floor.

We slept wrapped around each other, and faced the morning fresh. 

After breakfast, we agreed that she should walk the shops and parks, while I would attend to business at the council.

I made my way to the old Palace. The entrance was a circular stair, going up a storey to a pillared door, twice the size of a man where three abreast could enter.

The man at the desk was reading a paper or something, and it took a cough to bring me to his attention.

"Yes?"

"I have a complaint to bring before the council," I stated.

"Complaints down the third corridor, fifth door on your left."

The third corridor, fifth door on your left had a sign, 'Knock and Wait', pinned to the door. I knocked and waited near two minutes. I was on the point of knocking again when a small section at the centre opened, and a face slowly looked through, checking right and left after scanning me.

"Yes?"

"I wish to put a matter before the council, it concerns the Kingdom of Utopica, it concerns the overthrow of the lawful...."

"Whoa!" he exclaimed. "You've got the wrong place, you need the audience office. That's how you put a matter before the council. Usually you would use an Advocate, and he'd send a clerk to submit the papers."

"Ok, how do I find this audience office?"

"Back to the main entrance, stair on the right and four/five doors down."

Back to the main entrance, stair on the right and four/five doors down was a much nicer place. The doors were gilded, the outer office was carpeted, a secretary sat behind a desk.

She waved her hand at an empty seat that sat in a line of similar that lined one wall. There was one other waiting; he sat hunched at one end. We sat for maybe twenty minutes, before a bell tinkled inside the adjoining door. 

The secretary looked up and said, "Next."

The hunched one stood and walked quickly to the door and, with the briefest knock entered.

Even before the door closed a loud voice inside said, "Oh no not you, you mad bugger, I told you last time fuck off and don't bother me again."

Before even it shut fully it was flung wide again, a middle aged man with pince nez glasses, appeared, arm outstretched pointing to the outer door. The dejected man exited, and I stepped forward, pushing past him into the office.

"I need to put an urgent matter before the council. I represent Princess Sisoft. She has been the heir to Utopica kingdom since her father was overthrown and murdered by rebels. She wishes to bring charges of regicide and usurpation against its current rulers and reclaim her kingdom." 

"You'll have to fill out an application. I'll put it on file and we'll give you an appointment in six to eight weeks. Now, good day."

I stood my ground, glaring at him, annoyed by his offhand indifference to my words. He was still standing at the door, holding it open.

"Could you please leave my office!" He shouted in my face.

"You don't understand," I said, raising my voice. "This is a matter of some importance. She is the betrothed of Prince Hallit, and has to explain herself before him."

"None of my business domestics, you have to fill the form, bring it back...."

"Bring it back, yeh you told me. But what you are failing to realise is that people are probably suffering back in the kingdom, while you're pontificating on the rules people could be dying."

"But they're the rules."

"Let me see your superior, who's your manager?"

"You'll need to make an appointment."

"Dam your appointment, point me to his door. I wish to complain about you and your attitude."

"Complaints are on the ground floor."

I ensnared him with magic, giving the illusion of nudity to him. He screamed, and I grabbed his arm and thrust him out of his office. The secretary screamed as she saw him; I had given him a big dick so's not to embarrass on size. 

I let him have enough of his trousers to grant him decency, and repeated my question.

"Your superior, let's go." Taking him to the outer door. He was struggling but he had no strength compared to me.

"Miss Phipps, go and tell Mr Kopenoff, that he needs to come."

Her heels clacked down the corridor and stopped, the heels returned. 

"Alright was the big emergence?"

His eyes opening wide when he saw the state of his junior, standing half naked, with me holding his arm still. 

"I need to put a matter before the council as a matter of urgency," I began. 

"Get out of the building before I call for the guards."

I'd had enough. I let the one go and approached him.

"Don't you dare threaten me with violence. Miss Phipps, go and fetch a guard."

"Miss Phipps stay where you are. Mr. Kopenoff, show me the boss's door."

I grabbed his arm and twisted it behind his back, pushing him back out the door.

"Which way, there or there?" I said, looking both ways.

Miss Phipps ran past us, her clacking heels echoing loudly.

"Quickly now." Twisting his arm a little higher. "Which way?" 

He turned sideways and I pushed him in that direction. We stopped at the next to last door at the end.

I released him and pushed the door open. Another secretary rose. I headed straight for the side door to her bosses office, and burst through it.

He was sat behind his desk, feet up, drinking a beverage.

"I tried to stop him," came a voice from my back.

He swung his feet down, placed the cup down calmly, and splayed his hands. 

He was young, in his late twenties perhaps. "Yes, and?"

I started to explain. He looked over my shoulder.

"I'll deal with this."

I ran through the story, he listened attentively, clarifying details from me. When I finished, he sat back and picked a little bell.

"Do you take tea?" he enquired, ringing it. 

The door opened and a guard entered. He waved the guard back and shouted, "Tea for two, Miss Bods."

Turning to me he said, 

"You know how hard it is to convene a special session. It takes almost a week's notice to get an agenda together. Then it has to be circulated."

He sat with a bemused look on his face.

"I know what you can do. I will give you a note. I'm only a deputy, but I'm related, my name carries weight. You will have to see Councillor Cadwill; he's probably your best bet to stir something up in a hurry. Cantankerous old bastard will love something like this to throw at Millister's feet."

He sat and scribbled something on paper; Miss Bodds came in with the tea, giving me a sideways look of wonder.

"Now do you like sugar in your tea?"

Two or three heads looked out as I exited his door, quickly withdrawing as I appeared. I wonder how this tale will grow with the telling, especially the big dick.

Outside, life continued as normal. As I walked down the steps and across the street, I wondered if Sissy was back at the lodgings yet. Probably not. She had ten gold and plenty of shops.

I strolled to a restaurant, and ordered a snack and a glass of beer. There were pavement tables and I went and sat at one.

I would like to see Sissy before visiting the council man. Politics came before policy here evidently. I would have to watch out for the Great Whites in the muddy waters I was stepping into here.

People of all natures passed - a peddler with his wares - a matron hustling two small children; the cast was endless. 

My eyes fell upon a familiar figure. Though clothed in finery there was no mistaking the step of Sissy. I hailed her, took a few looks for that, and she came running, arms full of assorted bags.

"How were the Parks?" I asked.

She looked at me quizzically; "The parks," she said with a smile. "Are fine."

She began to list the items she carried, proffering each as she named it.

"Wait," I asked. "I have news of our plans.

She halted her enumeration and looked at me.

"We have to go to see this Councillor, to enlist his help in pressing your case before the council."

"Why?"

I ran her briefly through my morning.

"Oh I wish I could have been there to see that. It's a tale to tell your grandchildren." 

The smile around her eyes was infectious and I began to chuckle. She laughed a bit louder, and before a second we were both laughing. People staring, some smiling at us, some offended that we had intruded into their lives.

We carried her purchases back to our room. I shrugged my shoulders at the look we got from the receptionist. 

Up the stairs and into the room, we lay the bags and parcels down on the bottom of the bed, sitting on the side of bed.

"I hope your pretty dress is good enough to impress our Councillor."

"We can't get something done other than the council then?"

"No, we must deal with the politics here even on this. What we need is you looking innocent and vulnerable; make them take your side by creating a cause about you. It may be wise to employ a well connected advocate, though we have no funds to pay. We will have to plead for funds as well. How well do you simper?"

She pressed her lips up at the edge, tilting her head and curtsied.

"When shall we see him? I want to bathe properly. There are some beauty shops that will do my hair and makeup, nails and things."

"Can you do that this afternoon?" 

"If you have the money I can," she said. "Dress as the maid again."

"With a more kindly mistress I hope."

"She will be a delight to work for."

"Alright, I'll consider it."

"Thanks, now look at what I bought."

She had bought sexy underwear, blouses, and handkerchiefs with other bits and pieces. She was happily displaying them over her arm, picking from one to other. Gushing with pleasure, I relaxed, lying back on the bed.

"Come then, let's be about making you beautiful. Where are the shops you mentioned?"

"No let's eat first. I'm starving."

"Ok anywhere special?"

"No, downstairs is fine."

We ate some fowl, the breast was white and succulent, with the leg dark and chewy. I filled my stomach. She picked a bit at the food, but put a substantial portion away. After a glass of wine, we strolled out as she led the way.

I changed my guise when we ducked into an alley, and we found a beautician that looked inexpensive by judging the shop front. 

They first took her though where she stripped and took a soak in a tub, me scrubbing her back again. She donned a dressing gown after and sat while her nails where treated, looking a shiny pink picture. Then onto her hair; which was trimmed, combed, cut and combed again.
