 For two years, trapped among the frozen waves of a wormhole anomaly in a part of space known as the Dream Zone, is a matriarchal society from another universe called the Cavaliers. They became stuck in the swirling quagmire when the energy drained out of a wormhole as they came through.

Outside of the lead ship is a sleeper tube with the Oredal Queen of the Cavaliers and her miniaturized Marrott Min Doyle. Together they are attempting to gain the attention of crews or passengers on any passing ship by using a dream. Some never hear or dream anything. Others were unable to comprehend the meticulous dream scenes.

Dreara was feeling bewildered when she made telepathic contact with the mind of a sentient being. She wondered if it worth her time. So many others came and went, not understanding. Her mind fell on those depending on her.

For them I will try once more, she thought.

Narrowing in on this sleeping being, her powerful mental abilities easily entered the male's mind and the dream began.

The Dream Zone

The heavy gray fog lifted and he found himself walking through a foggy room where tables filled with patrons watched naked seductive humanoid feline females dance. The females wore different colored furs, some were tawny with black stripes and others were solid gray, black and red. They danced on stage, in cages suspended from the ceiling and on tables, to the music that pulsed through the area. The dancers teased and dodged grasps of the males in the room. He looked at these beings, as he continued through the large room. All the species in the room were unfamiliar to him.

Looking up at the ceiling, he stopped in wonderment watching patterns of multiple colors swirling in and around tubes that passed through the room. He wondered if the room was alive, or if it was just the dream making him think so.

He flinched feeling a furry paw graze his cheek and his gaze followed the sleek sensuous arm up to the smiling features of the female. He moved away from her and found himself in a huge hallway. 

The dream carried him to an open door way. He looked in and saw another female, alone dancing in the middle of the empty room. He entered and stood watching her, and knew instinctively that she was different from the others.

He smelled her scent on the air that swirled around him. His body reacted as he watched her move around the room with fluid movements. His mind screamed of his need and he began to undress. Once out of his clothes, he approached her.

Her solid gray furred body moved in an exciting fashion toward him. Taking his hand, she led him to the stage. She slid back on the edge facing him and pulled him between her legs, before laying back on the stage, giving herself to him.

He looked at her body then bent down and kissed the fur on her stomach as his hands slowly wandered up to find her breasts. His fingers caressed each nipple exciting them to stand hard and erect through her fur. Her scent encouraged him to further his exploration.

His tongue buried itself in her warmth and probed deeper and deeper into her sexual soul, dancing around her juice filled center as she arched her back and groaned. He felt her body pulse with a flash of heat and moisture of an orgasm.

He tasted her with long strokes and feathery kisses. His tongue traced her opening and relished the sweetness of her hot fluid. He gently kissed her body as her hands rubbed his furry back, pulling him closer to ultimate satisfaction. Their union would be like the mating of two separate pieces of clay, molded by the loving hands of an artist.

His kiss quieted any sound as his maleness danced across the entrance of her erogenous zone, pulsing with need and dripping ready to enter her for complete satisfaction. Gently holding her shoulders, he pushed forward and entered her warm wetness and felt her tight pulsing need. She wanted him as bad as he wanted her. 

Welcomed by her warmth and lavished with liquid desire he began to move easily within her, touching deeply and softly, the point where all sexual thoughts centered. His gentle rhythmic motion brought them both uncountable charges of electricity seeking the ground through all parts of their bodies.

A shiver exploded through him as the luscious orgasm rippled through his body. He reared back and roared in pleasure at the multi colored moving ceiling. A few strokes later, she joined him in orgasmic euphoria. Their voices mingled together bouncing off the walls of the room until a wave of final satisfaction swept over him.

The heavy fog obliterated his view of the female below him as it rolled in. Almost in a panic, he reached out to where the female was a moment ago, only to find fog forming into a shape, a shape he recognized. He tried to cover himself, then realized he was completely dressed again. He relaxed.

The fog solidified into the shape of his spirit guide. She motioned him to follow her. Carefully he walked through the swirling mass until it lifted and he was standing outside a bar. He opened the door, stepped in and stared at the only being sitting at the bar.

It was completely out of place for her. Lvani, his spirit guide, in her golden coat and finery, motioned him closer to sit beside her. 

He did as asked. "What is this besides a dream?" he asked.

"A quest you will find a future in once this path has ended. Your ship is passing through the space known as the dream zone. Look to the clouds, for you need to complete the quest so that you may enjoy in real the erotic pleasure you just experienced in dream. Find the path and perform the task," Lvani told him.

"Who was she?" he asked.

"She is a Cavalier, her name is Dreara K'ger, and she needs your help," Lvani said then dissolved into nothing.

Ikel Pandrox of the megacat species, called Falory woke with a start. Perspiration ran down his face and his body was shaking from excitement. Looking around he recognized his chambers and calmed more.

Did he just dream what he thought he dreamed? He looked under the covers, and chuffed at the spilled seed on his body and covers over him. He leaned back and shook his head. "I've not experienced a wet dream since I was a cub." With a heavy sigh he relaxed and closed his eyes.

With just a little prodding, the images of his dream filtered through his mind. This time however, he controlled the experience until the end when he opened his eyes to stare at the familiar ceiling above him as questions rumbled through the depths of his mind.

Was it real or did he imagine it? Did Lvani give him this dream to spur him into action? Ikel knew there was only one way to find out for sure. Reaching across to his night table, he opened the comm link.

"Camot, Ikel, where are we?" he asked the half blood compatible of the Horkston ship, Salini.

Half Bloods were genetic twins of Horkston ships. They were an engineered bipedal species mentally and emotionally connected with their ships and telepathic only. An interphase through the computer enabled them to speak to the crew or anyone on their ship.

"We just came out of what is called the dream zone," the computerized voice of Camot answered.

"Full stop, is anyone else up?" he asked.

"Thana and Karn are the only ones I am registering," Camot answered.

When Ikel's crew boarded Salini during a riot on a Flaxon ship, under the threat of death, they forced Camot to fly out of the Flaxon stable ship. Once safely away, one of the first things they did to the sensors and cams in their private quarters was to disable them. If the crew were in their quarters, they did not register on Camot's panels, unless they opened a communication link.

"Okay, I'll be out in a bit, I need to do something, but first I need a shower," he said then closed the channel.

It was after the latest hour of the day when Ikel made his way to the bridge area. Thana and Karn were still there but by the yawns from both, they would not be there long.

Thana looked at Ikel when he hit the top step and walked to the forward screen to look out into the darkness. "You look like you saw a ghost," she said. Knowing about this area before hand, Thana refused to go to bed until they were out of it.

Ikel did not answer Thana's comment just looked out at the darkness ahead. "Did we have any sensor contact with anything, in say, the past 2 hours?" Ikel asked.

"Did a while back, don't know how long ago though. Went to check it out but it disappeared. Guess it was a sensor echo. Why?" Karn asked.

Ikel turned and looked at his two crewmembers. "Have either of you ever heard of or encountered the species called the Cavaliers?" he asked.

Thana shook her head negatively and yawned.

"Nope," Karn said.

Thana stood and stretched. "I am going to bed since we are out of that space," she said and started toward the stairs.

"Wait up, I'll tag along too," Karn said.

"Night Ikel," Thana said over her shoulder as she and Karn left the bridge.

Ikel waited until Thana and Karn were at the bottom of the stairs before he looked down to the lower level.

"Karn, leave Thana alone. She is mine," he said.

Karn turned to look at Ikel. "You won't share?" he asked.

Ikel thought for a moment. "If she says yes, then yes. If she says no then leave her be, unless you want to challenge me for her," Ikel said then growled to punctuate his meaning.

Karn shook his head. "Oh no, I am horny not suicidal," he said then looked at his hand. "Guess it will have to do again for tonight."

Ikel saw Karn's shadow going the way to his quarters. Thana looked up to Ikel.

"Thank you," she said.

Ikel pointed a finger at her. "You owe me big time," he said.

Thana nodded. "Paybacks can be extremely pleasurable," she said and then licked her lips seductively.

Ikel shook his head. "Not tonight, got work to do," he said then moved back to the front screen to look out at the darkness.

"Camot, is Salini picking up anything?" he asked.

"No Ikel," Camot answered.

"Check again," he ordered.

"One nik Captain," Camot said.

As Ikel waited for Camot to check the area with the ship's sensors, his mind revisited the dream. Besides the obvious physical reward for his actions, how did he fit into this puzzle? What was the goal?

Lvani said a future for him. "Look to the clouds, find the path and perform the task." Ikel shook his head as to the meaning. Eventually it would show itself, but right then, it was a jumble of nothing.

"Ikel, Salini is not picking up anything," Camot said breaking into Ikel's thoughts.

Ikel shook his head bewildered. "Camot let me see the area we just came through," he said.

When the picture came onto the screen, Ikel increased the magnification and resolution to its highest settings. Looking closely at the screen, Ikel felt uneasy, as if he was looking for a needle in a haystack and it was right in front of him. From past experience, he knew that valuable items hid well in plain view. The trick was to look at the area relaxed.

Stepping back from the front viewer, he closed his eyes and saw nothing but blackness. He opened them and looked at the screen, keeping his eyes relaxed.

The swirled clouds reminded him of huge thunderheads, frozen in time. His training and instincts told him something was there. He could feel it, just not see it. He looked away from the screen and looked at the thunderhead image in his mind. Then it clicked.

"Thunderheads in space?" he said aloud surprised at the thought. His eyes shot back to the screen. There it was, he saw it. Clouds swirling around a vortex. A dead wormhole, frozen in space and time.

The closer he looked at the swirling mass his eyes began to pick up different, swirls and hooks of clouds. His eyes traced the manipulations of the frozen wasteland on the screen. His eyes captured something, but his mind did not focus on the object and he lost it in the swirling clouds.

Looking away from the screen again, he cleared his mind and relaxed his eyes, then looked at the visual puzzle again. He found the outer ring of swirling clouds and followed it in until his eyes lost it at a straight edge.

Ikel followed the edge up through the swirling mass of cloud until another straight edge caught his attention and he followed that until it disappeared behind another part of the cloud.

His mind was unable to understand what it was his eyes were telling him. On the screen, he used his finger to trace out the image he saw. When the thought patterns came together in his mind, the idea of what it was stunned Ikel. "No that cannot be," he said.

Ikel stepped back from the screen as his mind compiled the visual information and he realized, it was the outline of an immense ship, frozen in the swirls of the dead wormhole. Ikel shook his head and turned away from the screen.

"Camot, point the sensors toward what looks like a cloud and turn them too high. Do a scan then tell me is there something registering, or am I going space happy?" he asked.

A couple moments passed until Camot came back on speaker. "Now it is yes. Sensors are registering, something, but just barely," Camot answered. "I am also picking up a slight reading on a object that seems to be off to the side. I can not make out what it is," he answered.

Ikel turned back to the forward screen. "Show me Camot," Ikel said.

When the screen narrowed in on the object, he recognized the form as a sleeper tube. "Oh wow," Ikel said. "There she is," he said.

"There who is Ikel?" Camot asked.

"Camot, that smaller item is a sleeper tube. If I am correct, in that sleeper tube is a female called Dreara K'ger," Ikel answered as a shiver went through his body in remembrance. "I'm going outside for a walk," he said then left the bridge.

"Captain, wouldn't it be wise to wake one of the others up first?"

"No Camot, I can do this by myself, it will be my responsibility," Ikel said. "This shouldn't take that long."

"Okay it's your life," Camot said.

On his console, Camot saw Ikel leave Salini and slide carefully along her side. Salini shivered at Ikel's light touch against her scaly body.

Ikel hooked one end of the cable to a connector on Salini's maintenance band, then after positioning himself in the right direction, kicked off and floated toward the sleeper tube.

He disappeared from visual as he entered the gray mass of cloud, but registered on Salini's sensors.

Ikel keyed the comm unit. "Camot is Salini ready?"

Camot and Salini both breathed a sigh of relief when the Captain called. "Yes Ikel."

"Ask her to slowly take up the slack, with a steady tension. If she starts to feel any pain or thinks that something is not right, stop," he ordered.

Salini knew Ikel's need without translation from Camot. As Camot watched, the cable slowly went taught, accompanied by a slight bump. With a slow steady pull, the sleeper tube moved, then moved more.

"It's moving," Camot reported over the link.

From out of the gray gloom, Salini easily pulled the sleeper tube and Ikel, holding on to a railing around the tube, out to free space where they floated effortlessly. Ikel released his grip and slowly floated to Salini.

It took some time for him to pull the sleeper tube into the bay. Once the sleeper tube was aboard, Ikel wiped off the window and stared down at the sleeping figure inside. It was a female similar to those in his erotic dream. She wore a uniform he did not recognize. On her hands, her fur was a solid gray with golden stripes.

Ikel smiled hoping she was the female from his dream and if not, it was one hell of a coincidence.

"What is in the tube Captain?" Camot asked over the intercom link.

"Camot, I think our guest is, the woman from my dream. Dreara K'ger," he said.

"Do you want me to wake anyone now?" Camot asked.

Ikel smiled "No Camot, everything else can wait till they wake up."