 Just an idea that I had. this story isn't polished so you kinda hit the ground running...straight into the fray. :)

*****

The high elf trap struggled to get free but the Drow was much stronger than him. He could feel her breasts pressing against his back and her iron grip pressing down at his shoulders. The cold wet grass tickled his face as he lay on the forest floor. The morning dew soaking was soaking into his silken gowns. 

The trap yelled angry and flustered, "Get off me woman! I am a high elf prince! My father will have you beheaded!"

"Ooh...so you're a prince are you? Your girly figure and your breasts tell a different story."

"Just get off!"

"Or what?" the Drow responded.

He struggled again but to no avail. She had him firmly pinned. When he felt her lift his robes, exposing his bottom to the morning air, he gasped. 

"Wait! Stop Drow! I have money!"

"You have money? A prince with money? How original. A fat load of good money will do me if I'm beheaded. Wouldn't you agree?"

"No I promise I won't..." The prince came to realize his beheading outburst had spoiled negotiations and he could no longer talk his way out of this. He wasn't sure of her intentions but it was a Drow female. What was she planning? He didn't have long to ponder before he felt a warm engorged phallus press down against one of his ass cheeks. Her pulsing excitement was like a beacon in his mind. 

"Wait you're a woman!"

The Drow smiled and laughed, "Oh my dear prince, you are no man and I am no woman so drop the act."

She was right. The more he tried to deny his true nature, the harder it was to hide it, literally. His flaccid cock grew at the very thought of being taken by this beautiful dark elf with red eyes and full lips. The prodding and rubbing of her cock against his ass tormented his secret desires. Each detail seemed to burn its way into his mind. He could feel the hard inner shaft rub past the silky foreskin until it stretched tight beneath the head. Her cock glided against his ass cheek, wet and slippery from her spit and precum.

A shock went through his mind as her cold hand unexpectedly grabbed his cock and gripped it tight. 

The Drow elf hermaphrodite chided him sexually by purring in his ear, "Well princess... I think your little cock is calling you a liar. You ARE in to this...aren't you. No no no...don't answer with your mouth, your body is doing fine. Just kick that ass up a little higher and I'll fulfill your darkest Drow elf fantasies. Do it now or this can go another way."

He could feel his face flush and he went to speak but his words caught in his throat. Squinting his eyes shut he gave in to her. With a Drow hand on his cock and her large Drow penis against his ass, he really did want this. Reluctantly he pivoted his pelvis back and felt her fat cock slip between the cheeks of his ass. The smooth round head of her cock brushed passed his puckering sphincter and sent chills down his spine. Before he could even react, he felt the tip poke directly against his rectum stretching it open wide. Her cock head was pushing hard against the door. With a little more pressure, the fat cock would wonk its way past the little circular muscle. 

The prince gasped, "Ooh why? I'm doing what you asked."

"My dear prancing princess, I'm taking you like a whore because that is what you are. That lovely ass of yours is opening entirely too easy. You have played this game before...haven't you. Don't lie to me."

"Mmmphff...yes but nobody as big as you. You're going to wreck me. Please be gentle."

"Well haven't we come around. Just moments ago I was going to get beheaded. Now you're begging me to be gentle. Don't be such a sissy, you little brat. You're going to spoil the moment with your whining." 

The prince was enraged. Gritting his teeth, he pressed his forehead into the wet grass as the fat, round tip of her enormous cock slipped inside him. 

Not wasting any time, the dark elf grunted and started fucking him. Each hard thrust forward worked her cock a little deeper into his ass. Her glowing red eyes brightened.She seemed to be taken by a trance as her cock rammed its way deep into his ass. She moved like a feral animal obsessed with killing its prey; grunting, feverishly driving her cock into him, and biting his neck and shoulder. Her hot breath shot down his neck each time her body rocked forward. She dug her toes into the grass and pushed with everything she had.

The young prince felt pleasure he'd never experienced before. Once he had submitted to her mentally, having her huge cock fucking its way deep inside him was a new and intense thrill. The pleasure laced with pain took him to new levels. Cum leaked from his rigid cock in droplets. Her Fat cock was intensely massaging his prostate and all of his cockworks. Prostatic fluid had built up inside with so much pressure, it felt like her cock was pumping cum into him with each thrust.

The prince let out a moan. Lost in his own pleasure and bliss, the world around him faded until all that remained was the desperate need for release. His head snapped up as he let out a scream. Lightning leapt from the sky and exploded on top of them. Tendrils of electricity danced between them as the high elf prince came in giant spurts on the grass. 

The Drow rolled off him and onto her back twitching in a seizure-like fit; her cum shooting into the air in spurts. She was out cold from the lightning strike but her balls clung tightly to her shaft and her rigid cock flexed and shot cum onto her own face and breast until she was completely covered. 

Slowly the prince sat up smiling. Reaching over to the unconscious Drow, he stroked her huge cock and licked the tip, cum shooting directly in his mouth. He was more content than he could ever remember being in the past.

* * * * * *

Colors and blurred images danced in the Drow's eyes. As she slowly returned to consciousness, the colors and blurs melted into a group of naked men...and the prince. All of them were erect and all had eyes on her; lust filled, ready to get started, bedroom eyes. 

Looking around she burst out, "What happened? Where am I?" 

The prince did not speak but he was stroking her huge cock enthusiastically. She looked down to see her phallus rigid. He had to have been stroking it while she was still unconscious. 

Suddenly her memory caught up to her mind and she yelled, "Lightning! You have a lightning orgasm!"

The prince nodded and winked at her saying, "It was my first. Thanks to your reckless fucking, you somehow broke the barrier that prevented me from using my ability. I had no idea it was even there. Anyway..." The prince waved his hand pointing at the naked men around the room. "These are my finest knights and they are here to grant you whatever sexual perversion you want to engage in, as are my servants." 

Two high elf servant hermaphrodites with large cocks dressed in nothing but white net gowns, brought the Drow trays of food; one with cheese and fruit, the other with wine.

The Drow elf is best in the shadows. They make great thieves but this...this was way out of her comfort zone. She looked frightened; not sure if this was a trick or not. She nodded but couldn't think of anything to say. Her hips flexed forward as the prince stroked her cock. 

The prince smiled and chided her, "You ARE into this...aren't you. No no no...don't answer with your mouth, your body is doing fine."

As she started to relax, her hands drifted to the cocks of the servant women. They yelped and dropped their trays on the satin bed sheets. Before the bottle of wine had a chance to fall, the Drow caught it and pressed to her lips. After a few gulps, she licked her lips and eyed the knights, the prince, and the two servant girls.

Smirking at them she stated flatly, "I want to fuck you all and I want you to fuck each other. Nobody gets to stand around waiting. Those who have a problem with it should leave now. Those who stay will learn the art of sex magic and why the prince now has powers."