 I awoke the next morning to a sore body and a groggy mind. It was only after I sat up on my narrow hay-stuffed mattress that I remembered what had taken place the night before; I had pleased the Dragon.

An uncontrollable smile stretched across my face as I recalled the pleasure of the Dragon's touch, his groans of ecstasy as he pounded into me, and the sweep of his hand over my fertile womb. With these lustful memories swamping my thoughts, the soreness between my legs begin to change—transformed by desire into an intense ache for my master's touch. 

My hand drifted down my body and beneath the covers. I pulled up the skirt of my sleeping gown. Without conscious volition, my fingers delved into the moist heat at my center. My eyes drifted shut as pleasure sang through my blood once again. 

I settled back against my pillow in rapture, pulling down the neckline of my gown and releasing my breasts from the confines of scratchy cotton. My nipples tightened when first exposed to the cool morning air and I drew my fingers across them to soothe the fire raging in my system. Remembering the heat of my master's mouth, I brought a finger to my lips and sucked the digit inside. I brought the warm moisture I found there to my beaded nipples, coating one before repeating the process with the other. 

Under this self-torment, my core grew dripping wet. I swooped my thumb down into that wetness and brought it up to the bud of pleasure above my nether lips. My breath caught in my throat as the motion sent tingles up my spine. I continued to circle that little bead of ecstasy, stopping occasionally to dip a finger into my aching channel. Soon, the thickness of one digit was not enough to sate my weeping core; so I returned with first two, then three fingers. My tight channel stretched pleasantly around my slender fingers, but the feeling still did not come close to the memory of the Dragon's thick member. 

I continued my two-pronged assault on my breasts and the private place between my legs. As my pleasure mounted and I felt the familiar warmth course through my veins, I threw back the covers and exposed my near-naked body to the cool room. With fulfillment in sight, I could no longer contain the whimpering moans that ripped from my throat. My murmurs, sighs, and groans of ecstasy filled the quiet room. 

Soon enough, my climax overtook me. I drove three fingers into my tight, moist heat just as my inner muscles began to clench. For a long moment I felt like I was in rictus; my mouth hanging open as my body seized up and stiffened. 

I lay still for awhile after my ecstasy had all but concluded, my heart pounding in my chest and my inner muscles still contracting lightly around my fingers. Letting out a long, shaky breath, I removed the damp digits from my body.

Sitting up, I pushed back my unruly mane and glanced around the room. Heat filled my cheeks as I took in the sight of my still-sleeping roommates, whose forms I had not seen in the dim light when I had first woken up. I gave a silent thanks that none of the other women had awoken to see my private moment of passion and knew that I would have to be more careful about fulfilling my desires in the future. 

-

Later that morning, I made my way to the salon. Although I had spent the night before with the Dragon, I didn't feel that my life had changed drastically. In fact, the whole encounter seemed more like an erotic dream than reality. 

Many of the other women serving in the temple were surprised to see me back at work, and more than a few shot dirty looks in my direction when they thought I couldn't see. I did my best to ignore this extra attention, but it was difficult. My cheeks were bright pink for most of the day as the constant speculation from my peers reminded me of the intimacies of the night before. But as uncomfortable as the stares made me, I didn't feel frightened—not until a group of girls cornered me outside. 

I had stepped out of the salon for a moment to fetch a couple of buckets of water from the well. This was a task I had done before, one that was so simple that I never required any assistance. In fact, I had always enjoyed the moment of solitude and the chance to escape the chaos that always seemed to plague the temple. 

Distracted by the weight of the heavy buckets I held in each hand, I didn't notice the people standing in the shadows near the temple entrance. They waited for me to pass them by before they shoved me forward, sending me sprawling on the stone steps. The flash of pain that swept through me when my knee come down hard on the unforgiving rock was overwhelming; all I could do in the moment was lie on my side in the pooling water, curled around my injured leg. 

"Look at that stupid bitch," one of my attackers said, her voice full of disdain. 

"She doesn't look all that special to me," came another voice. "All that dull, frizzy hair, and those hips like a boy's—what's so remarkable about her?"

Three shadows eclipsed the sun as the girls leaned over me, laughing at my pain. I was miserable, completely unused to such abuse. I tried my best to crawl away, half-sobbing in fear. 

The three girls followed me lazily, not worried for a second that I might escape them. 

"Where are you going, love?" The question was asked by the third attacker, and she stepped forward, crowding me into the corner I had found between the temple wall and the staircase railing. Her friends fell back, giggling into their hands as the apparent leader of the group crouched down to look me in the face. 

She cocked her head to the side and stared intently at me with ice-blue eyes. "What does he see in you?" She asked the question quietly, more to herself than to me. I didn't answer because I couldn't say for sure—not when I sat in the dirt, bleeding and cowering against the temple wall. 

"Please," I begged, my voice wobbling in fear, "don't hurt me."

The girl only smiled at me and straightened. She looked down at me, still lying on the ground, with an expression of pity on her face. It was then that I saw her pull back her foot, obviously with the intention of kicking my unprotected abdomen. I felt the fear drain out of my body as soon as I saw the movement, and my maternal instinct kicked in as I instantly grew concerned for the life that might already have been blossoming in my womb. 

In the instant I saw her lift her foot, I hurled myself at my attacker. She fell backwards on the hard stone floor, her head hitting the ground with a satisfying thud. I straddled the girl, pinning her arms to the ground with my knees as I pummeled her with my fists. I felt enraged; I felt powerful.

But the feeling of power didn't last. The girl's friends were quick to come to her aid; the two of them each grabbed one of my arms, hauling me up from the ground and dragging me off into the shadows. I fought them like a woman possessed, but even in my pique they proved stronger than me. When they pinned my struggling body to the cool stone behind me, I whispered a little prayer and shut my eyes. 

And the next thing I knew, a piercing shriek filled the sky. My attackers halted, surveying the courtyard around us to see where the noise had come from—but I saw the culprit before they did.

He was beautiful. His dark scales, a shiny black from the distance, glittered with a full spectrum of colors as he dipped out of the sky. The true nature of his appearance was nothing like the myths that had spread throughout the Hollow; he was not grotesque and malformed, but rather deadly and handsome. Though his body was much larger, much more serpentine than it had been the night before, when he had held me with passion, I recognized those coal black eyes and I shivered at the power I saw there. 

My attackers released me when they beheld the Dragon's form, screaming as he dove down towards them, his sinister black talons extended out in their direction. They fled my side in an instant, perhaps believing that they could escape the Dragon's wrath if they let me go—a foolish thought on their parts. They ran out to the courtyard and then into the field beyond, the Dragon in hot pursuit. When I heard their guttural screams a moment later, my stomach churned and I was glad I hadn't seen their demise. 

-

I remained in the shadows as the chaos from the temple spilled out into the courtyard, dozens of uninformed servants and worshippers out to see some blood. I watched them all crane their necks to the sky in the hopes that they might be lucky enough to catch a glimpse of the Dragon. Unfortunately for them, he didn't show. 

One of the priestesses, a beautiful blonde woman named Ariella, found me in the shadows and asked me to follow her back into the temple. I told her no, that I wanted to stay and watch until the crowd had dissipated. 

We watched as a few of the men who served in the temple headed out to the field to collect the bodies of the two attackers the Dragon had punished. A stern-looking nurse oversaw a few other servants as they hauled up the third girl, the one I had pummeled on the steps, and directed them into the temple. Ariella assured me that she would be gravely punished, that I wouldn't have to worry about her bothering me again. I shuddered in revulsion as I thought about what that might mean. 

When the courtyard had emptied of all but a few stragglers, I finally followed Ariella back into the temple and into an empty room off the main entrance. A nurse was already waiting in the room for me, a young woman with kind eyes and gentle hands. She examined me quickly, the priestess keeping a close watch over the whole process, and assured me that I would suffer no more than a bruise. Ariella thanked her for her service and followed her to the door. 

"It won't do for the mother of the Dragon spawn to serve in the salon," she told me as soon as we were alone. "You are no longer a simple serving girl. You must live up to your new status." She told me that I had been summoned back to the Dragon's quarters that very night—I would not have to wait a week as he had told me the night before.

"What does that mean?" I asked her, disappointed that I wouldn't be allowed to serve the Dragon as I always had, as I had always enjoyed, but excited to serve my master every night—for as long as he'd have me. "What am I to do everyday?"

She told me that I would be made to live like one of the priestesses, waited on by the lower servants. I would be expected to spend every day in the salon in preparation for every night, which I would spend serving my master directly. 

She told me that, for my own protection and for the protection of the Dragon spawn, I would be moved to a sleeping chamber in one of the towers, high above the rest of the temple. Up there, my master would have access to me whenever he pleased. At first, I felt only relief that I wouldn't have to worry about another incident like the one I had just encountered. 

And then, I pictured the Dragon coming into my room one night, waking me from erotic dreams of him and fulfilling my desires right there in the dark. I shivered in delight at the thought. 

-

The day passed rather quickly after that. I spent the rest of the afternoon in the salon, the same team of women from the night before worked together to return me to my desirable state. Instead of the white robe, I was draped in a silky blue gown. The thin dress was wrapped around my body loosely, held up by only one strip of cloth thrown over my shoulder, which I knew had been designed to be easily removed. 

After I had been groomed and dressed, Ariella returned to the salon and led me up to a chamber in one of the towers above the temple. Unlike the stone room I had been in before, this room was well-appointed with comfortable furniture, colorful fabrics, and ample lighting. My attention was drawn immediately to the bed in the center of the room, with a dark wooden frame and a mattress the size of an ocean. 

Ariella saw my gaze fall on the piece of furniture. "This is your new sleeping chamber," she told me. "It is your private space; you will be free to do whatever you like in here."

"Will the, um..." I began to ask the question I was dying to learn the answer to, but I was too embarrassed to get the words out.

"The Dragon will not have you here tonight," she told me, guessing correctly the query I was trying to make. "Someone will come to retrieve you on this night, and the rest, and they will bring you to the Dragon's quarters."

I felt a surge of disappointment, thinking of how nice it would feel to be pressed into that mattress underneath the heavy weight of my master. But despite Ariella's assurances, I felt sure that soon enough, I would have the Dragon here, where I most desired him. 

-

I sat alone in my new room for hours, watching the sun set through the window. Excitement and nerves kept me on edge for the longest time, as every noise I heard had me looking to the door. When darkness had settled heavily on Drake's Hollow, I laid down on my soft new bed and drifted off to sleep. 

A brisk knock woke me some time later and another priestess, followed by two serving women, barged into the room. They pulled me from the bed, readjusted my hair and dress, and examined my injured knee once more. When the women were satisfied that the incident earlier had not caused any serious damage, they pulled me to the door and led me off down the hall.

The Dragon's quarters, the same room that I had been to the night before, was just as I had remembered it: cold, dark, and intimidating. Once again, I was left completely alone in the center of the room, shivering in my thin dress. 

I can't explain it, but I sensed the presence of the Dragon the moment that he entered the room. He moved about in the shadows, as quiet as a ghost, and I could feel his gaze on me; the heat of his desire warming my chilled skin. 

"Karinth," he murmured. My nipples, already standing at attention in the cold, tightened further at the sound of his gravelly voice. 

He stepped up, right in front of me, and pulled my body to his. Behind him, a torch flared to life, filling the room with its glow. I saw that he was stark naked, as he had been before, and his member was already heavy with desire. 

He lifted me up by the hips, drawing my body up his and grinding his pelvis into mine. Instinctively, I wrapped my legs around his bare waist and pulled myself closer to him. I couldn't help but moan as his manhood rubbed against my bud of pleasure. 

Burying his face in my neck and nibbling at the skin there, the Dragon placed me atop the stone pedestal once more and lifted up my skirt. The smell of my desire filled the room and he bit my skin and groaned in delight when he felt the wetness between my legs.

"They prepared you this time," he said, his voice thick with pleasure. I nodded my head, though this wasn't exactly true—I had been at a constant state of arousal since his first touch; preparation hadn't been necessary.

When he pulled away from my body and sank to his knees before me, I put a hand on his shoulder and shook my head. "I don't need that," I told him, guessing his intentions.

The Dragon smiled wolfishly and lifted my skirt out of the way so that my desire was exposed to him. "I want to taste you," he told me, his dark eyes piercing mine in the dimly it room. "May I taste you?"

I nodded dumbly, though I knew in the back of my mind that he didn't need my permission, but that I would still give it to him no matter what. 

The Dragon pulled me to the edge of the pedestal, and I yelped when my bare behind touched the cool stone. Smirking, he pulled my legs over his muscular shoulders and leaned in towards my center.

I thought that the feeling of his hot breath on my most private place would be enough to send me over the edge, but that was before I felt him drive his tongue deep into my tight channel. I gasped at the unfamiliar sensation. 

In between deep thrusts of his tongue, he lapped at my wetness like a kitten does with cream, and the strength of his tongue sent tingles up my spine. He teased me relentlessly, drawing me closer to the edge of bliss before backing off and allowing me a moment to cool down. 

But soon enough, he grew tired of the game and set about finishing me in earnest. Once more, he drove his tongue deep into my channel, with a great enough strength that I cried out in ecstasy. He continued to delve deeper and deeper into my body as he began to move his head side to side, grinding his nose against my button of pleasure. The sensation proved too much for me and I fell apart, calling out his name as my inner muscles clenched around him. 

The Dragon withdrew from my body, rising to his feet before me. I could see his chest heaving, as if watching my pleasure had brought him pleasure as well. He brushed wispy tendrils of hair away from my face and looked deeply into my eyes. I thought, for a moment, that he might say something tender to me, but he didn't. Instead, he lifted his hand to the scrap of fabric on my shoulder and loosened my gown. 

The blue silk fell away from my body and I shivered under his hot gaze. He licked his lips as he pulled me up by my hips and lifted me from the pedestal. 

I held onto the Dragon, my eyes locked on his, as he carried me towards the pile of hay that I had seen the other day. He lay me down on the straw and for a moment I was turned off by the prickly material. But when he covered my body with his own, I returned to my aroused state. 

He still didn't enter me, though our genitals were in constant contact. I ground my hips upwards, against his pelvis, in an attempt to entice him further but he simply backed away from the contact, content to continue with his teasing. 

All of his attention was turned to my breasts. He suckled at the rosy tips and filled his large hands with my bountiful bosom. My fingers dove into his hair and I held him in place, moaning my encouragement. 

Completely distracted by the care he was paying to my breasts, I didn't notice when my master drew up his hips before driving his thick member into my wetness. I saw stars as pleasure flooded my system. 

I dragged my fingers from his hair and dropped them to his muscular shoulders, my nails biting into his tawny skin as he continued to drive me mad. Each thrust he delivered to me seemed to dip deeper and deeper into my core, until it seemed that the very tip of him was tickling my womb. 

The Dragon moved up my body, leaving my tender breasts for the sensitive skin on my neck. I felt him biting, sucking, licking my skin as he continued to thrust hard against me. His hot breath sounded harsh in my ear as I moved my hips against his. 

Suddenly, my master tucked me tightly into his body as he rolled over so that he was on his back in the hay. I sat up straight, thrown off by this change of position, and found that he could enter me even deeper from this angle. 

I tentatively lifted my body up and down, sliding my wetness against his rock hard member. He laid back against the hay, not moving a muscle as I did all of the work. He said nothing but I could tell from the look in his eyes that he was pleased with me.  

With both hands resting on the solid muscles of his stomach, I moved my body with more purpose against his. My strokes, much slower than his had been, took him all the way inside of my body with every downward glide. 

I was just establishing a pleasant rhythm with my thrusts when the Dragon sat up beneath me. We were now all but chest-to-chest; his hands on my behind guiding my thrusts. When he brought his lips to mine, I gasped in surprise and pleasure. His mouth had a spicy heat, like cinnamon, and his lips were much softer than I would have guessed.

The Dragon's kiss was deep, moist, and hot. He drove into my mouth with his tongue in a way that mimicked the movement of his thick member. I could still smell the juice from my desire on his face, and the musky scent spurred me on. 
