 "Breakfast is ready. Come on you'll be late for college!"

The voice echoing up the stairs of our modest 3 bedroom house was my mother's, or Anna as her friends call her. My friends called her a MILF but meh, I don't get it man that's my mother. They'd all tried in the various if not slightly immature ways through the years, and maybe if she was someone else's Mum I would have done the same.

"5 more minutes mom!"

"5 more nothing. Get your ass out of bed now Mister! I mean it. You may be 18 today but that doesn't make you too old to go over my knee."

She meant it too. Even with societies views on child abuse and smacking, my Mum was old school. I could say it was because she was quite a young Mum and treated me more like a sister than a mother. Maybe it was what she got from her parents and just thought that's how you did it. When I'd asked her about it she'd said it had got results, and I'd turned out alright so shut the fuck up and stop acting up and she wouldn't spank my ass like a little bitch. I smiled at the time, similar to now, she was a small package but man, when she went off it was like a rocket.

"Alright, Alright. I'm up."

I rose quickly from bed and showered and dressed in record time. Funny how she would always tell me breakfast was ready yet I always had to wait for something to finish cooking when I eventually made my way to the kitchen. One day I'd get up as soon as she said it was ready and I'd catch her in her lie.

"Don't forget that your grandparents are coming over today. I'm cooking a nice meal for after practice. Don't go dawdling on the way home."

18 today. It's a rite of passage. Legally drink, smoke, vote, fuck, none of which I'm likely to be doing at a dinner party with my grandparents.

"But mom.."

"Thomas Brennan don't but Mum me, you do this for me and have your own little party at the weekend."

And that was that. Rule number one in the Brennan house hold, you don't but Mum.

"Alright fine" I replied putting some more of the delicious scrambled eggs into my mouth and enjoying the buttery goodness.

"Good now finish up and get to college. I expect you back at 6.30, your grandparents will probably already be here for when you get back and you best be on your good behaviour. Just because the world thinks you a man, you gotta earn that place in this household you hear" said Mum looking at me with a stare that could penetrate ice.

"Jesus mom, I'll be good alright."

She stood up and leaned over the table smacking me on the side of the head.

"What the hell was that for, I said I'd be good."

"What did I tell you about swearing in my house. You don't take the lords name in vain."

She was right. Rule number two in the Brennan household was no swearing. At least not from me. She could swear if she wanted to, and often did. But me? Never! Apparently I had to earn that honour as well. Maybe it was the fact that my father had been absent all my life so my Mum had to play nurturer and disciplinarian in equal measure. Or it could be that she came from a strict military family with both her father and mother having served in the armed forces. Whatever the reason, it looked like rules weren't about to change just because the planet had completed another lap of the great ball in the sky.

I hated college and schooling in general, it always seemed so dull. Tutors, professors and teachers had been telling my Mum throughout the years that if I applied myself to something I was gifted, but other times I just sat there uninterested. They'd suggested private tutors in advanced subjects as I tended to ask questions beyond my years that the tutors said they couldn't answer without dragging the lesson plan off at a tangent. Sometimes they wouldn't answer as they didn't know the answer, that tended to be when I'd get sent to detention or some other form of punishment. Worse punishment tended to follow if Mum found out.

Mum didn't always resort to physical violence and beat on me mercilessly, she tended to mix it up. One time I got in trouble and she knew I was scared of heights so she asked me to fix a tile on the roof. When I was up there tools in hand she then took away the ladder leaving me stranded. I called for her and pleaded with her but she told me to stop being a pussy and to fix the damn tile. After waiting 5 hours and realising it was getting cold and Mum probably wasn't coming back with the ladder I took matters into my own hands and climbed down the drain pipe. It got me over my fear of heights though.

The only subject I did well at without really trying was physical education. When I was 5 my Mum took me to ballet classes. I'd whinged and moaned about it at the time, how other boys didn't go to ballet and I was going to get picked on. I hated if to begin with, I was the laughing stock both inside and outside of lessons. Thankfully much of the taunts stopped when I performed a dance from swan lake at the school Christmas play, the round of applause that followed was deafening and it was the only time I can remember seeing my Mum in the front row in tears. Unfortunately I had to give up ballet when I was 14. I went through a growth spurt that put me at a little under 6 feet 6 inches. I was too gangly and unsightly standing well over a foot taller than anyone else, but the strength and agility it gave me transitioned well into over sports. Especially rugby where after less than half the season I'd beaten the county record for number of tries scored.

Today was the last practice of the season. The last session before college broke up and we all went our separate ways. It was grueling and surprisingly people still came out to watch us in the rain and mud. It culminated in a 10 first team versus 15 second team game at the end. By the end of the game I was battered and bruised, but left the field victorious. Coach called me aside at the end of the game and gave me yet another grilling about how foolish I was going to University instead of signing for a professional team. Eventually getting away I realised I was going to be late and would need to skip a shower till I got home.

After running most of the way home I barged through the door, pleased to see the clock said 6:28. "Hi Mum I'm home!" I shouted stripping down to my boxers in the hallway and bundling up my clothes.

I could hear voices in the garden. It sounded a little heated so thought best to leave them to it. I ran upstairs to shower and change. After wiping the blood and mud away I could see the scars of victory in the various cuts and bruises which littered my body. My hand grabbed the soap and rubbed it over my upper body and under my arms before sliding over my nipples and down my abs before rubbing it friskily in my pubes to build up a lather. I continued running the soap down both legs before returning up the back of my knees and thighs then rubbing it on and then between my ass cheeks. My cock pulsed at the feeling of the slippery smooth bar sliding against my tight hole. At one point growing up I'd wondered if it made me gay when my cock got hard if I played with my ass. I still didn't know for sure but so far I'd only gotten erect looking at pictures of naked women, and I didn't feel the need to sneak peaks at any men in the showers or at urinals.

I put the soap down and gathered up some water from the shower in my cupped hands before running my hands over my already soaped up body. When my hands reached my pubes I gathered up some of the lathe and worked my hardening length with my hand. It felt good to rub my cock under the guise of washing myself. I smoothed the soap suds around the head of my now fully engorged cock, brushing the underside with my fingertips and relishing in the toe curling effect it had on my nervous system. I grabbed the root of my cock with my other hand and started to rub with increasing pace, my knees involuntarily bending with the pleasure. I closed my eyes and pictures of past scenes from porno's I'd watched starting replying in my mind. I continued jerking my 8 inch cock but moved my hand from off the head, running the now free hand back up my body pinching my nipple and grunting at the pain but stroking my cock faster and with bigger strokes.

I trailed my hand down my abs again working my way around my hips before stroking my buttocks. I could feel my balls shrinking and the cum boiling within, begging for release. My fingers trailed down my crack brushing against my still lathered hole and my fingers circled around it. I roughly pinched the inside of my ass cheek, digging what little nails I had into the flesh, drawing a silent scream from my mouth which opened with the raw pain. Faster and faster I jerked my cock, my body moving and twitching with the ferocity and speed of my strokes. If anyone was listening at the door it would be clear what I was doing, the noises loud, the rapid slapping of skin and my laboured breath.

I cried out as my fingers now trailed my perineum and stroked the coarse hair on my balls in the lightest of fashion. They felt tight to my body, compressed and caught in an invisible grip as strong as any vice. I was close now, I could feel it building, my legs shaking in response. My fingers trailed again across my perineum applying pressure as the orgasm reached my knees and started arching upwards. Just at the crest of the hill, the point at which momentum changes, I pushed a finger in my ass and it felt as if someone had kicked me over the hill and I plummeted towards release.

My buttocks clenched the digit still inside and my eyes flew wide as wave after wave cascaded through me. Thick globules of cum spewed from my cock onto the shower wall spraying it with what felt like a pint of hot liquid. I grunted and inserted the finger deeper, and tightened the grip on my cock further, trying to milk all of the orgasm and all of the juice from my body. All too soon I was left weak kneed with no further pleasure wave in sight. Adrift in a calm sea I released my cock and removed the finger from my ass. My breath returning to normal I grabbed the soap again and quickly cleaned my body a 2nd time before turning my attention to cleaning the wall of any evidence.

I was surprised that I'd still not heard any shouts from my Mum for my tardiness, and shut off the shower. The bathroom faced the back garden and I could clearly hear more raised voices, but the words were muffled and unintelligible. Happy with the clean-up of myself and the wall, I quickly stepped from the shower and wrapped a towel around my waist. I briskly walked to my room and dried myself off as quickly as I could. The earlier rain showers had faded quickly and the warm glow of the sun through my window felt revitalising against my skin. I threw on a tight polo shirt which clung to my moderately damp body and some loose boxers and cargo shorts.

I checked my face and hair in the mirror, pleased that it was kind of an unwritten rule that you avoided the face especially in practice sessions. Happy with my hair and general appearance I quickly made my way downstairs. Ominously the voices seemed to rise in volume with every step. Just what the hell are they arguing about I wondered. Much like myself my mother never spoke back to her parents. Even if they were in the wrong she'd try to avoid conflict.

"No! Not today. That wasn't the deal." I could hear my mother say.

What deal? I wondered to myself whilst making my way through the kitchen, stopping at the fridge to grab myself a drink. Should I grab a beer? I mean legally I could but probably not a good idea with my mother sounding so angry. I grabbed a bottled water draining it quickly and shutting the fridge, making my way through to the utility room and back door. It opened out onto decking with a veranda covering one half providing shelter from the sun or rain. There was a fire pit in the centre of the decking which we regularly cooked on. We often enjoyed relaxing outside during both the hot and cold nights. Wooden steps lead down to an expanse of grass that ran right to the bottom of our long rectangle garden.

As I stepped out onto the decking I noticed both grandparents sitting under the veranda at the wraparound cushioned oak bench and table. Both looked ashen with the only warmth in their faces provided by the fire pit which had a cooking pot simmering away above it. I saw Mum at the bottom end of the garden, talking to a tall figure, I contemplated getting a closer look to see if I could recognise them. Just as I was about to approach I felt a wave of oppressive force coming from their direction which poured ice into my veins and clenched at my gut. Their body language appeared confrontational and it surprised me. Although my Mum was firm with me, I don't think she'd ever been in a confrontation or fight in her life. That and the fact that the other person with their back to me had at least a good foot on her, made the situation seem implausible and equally troubling. My grandfather caught my eye and gave a weak smile.

"He's here" called out my grandfather in a voice loud but cracking with emotion.

What the hell is going on I wondered as everyone appeared to be congregating at the top of the steps. As the figures grew closer I could see the person my mother was talking to was a woman. Not just any woman, she looked to be the tallest women I had ever seen, which explained the David vs Goliath air which seemed to permeate as they came up the steps. My Mum was first to the top and pulled me into a hug.

"You are late, young man. I'd chastise you but I don't think now is the time" Mum said burrowing her face into my pectoral muscle.

"I shouted from the front door. You must not have heard me. Mom, is everything Ok?" I asked looking to the other woman as she stepped up.

She had to be at least 6 feet 2 inches tall and was supermodel thin. She had dark brown eyes that looked like dark chocolate and her hair, although pulled back into a high bun, looked very red and really frizzy. She had olive skin which gave her somewhat of a Mediterranean vibe; Italian or Spanish perhaps. She was easily the most strikingly unfeminine woman I had ever seen.

"Hello Thomas" she said in a thick English accent with a deep baritone. Nope definitely not Italian or Spanish, maybe just lots of outside work or good genes. "I have waited for this day for a long time."

The smile on her face that followed felt almost predatorial. It reminded me of a cat ready to pounce and devour its pray. I felt a chill flow up my spine and my throat went dry. I got a feeling she was waiting for a response, and I felt my Mum shaking in the hug.

"Mum what's wrong, what's going on. I can count on 1 hand the amount of times you've cried. Just tell me what's wrong." I asked exasperated by the situation and hating that it appeared everyone was aware of something that only affected me.

"Ask your Grandfather!" She shouted with vengeance and wrath in her voice.

She span her head to look at him, still clinging on to my embrace. Everyone looked towards where my Grandfather sat. He looked like the weight of the world had landed on his shoulders. His head sunk down and he rubbed the back of his neck giving himself a massage.

"Oh this will be fun" said the tall lady whose name I still didn't know as she perched on the half fence around the deck.

"As you know Tom, I was in the Army. What you wouldn't know is that I also served a few tours in a special forces team. They sent us round the world during the 70s getting shiii.. stuff done that the British government couldn't and wouldn't officially sanction. You know clandestine special ops stuff. That kind of thing."

"Wow. That's cool. So is she an old friend then or something?" I said smiling at the lady hoping I was right.

"Not quite" he said after a brief pause.

"Aww you hurt my feelings Lieutenant Brennan. I thought I was very friendly." Replied the lady a mock sulking lip, confusing me further before my Grandfather continued.

"Well it was on a particular mission. I got really badly wounded. Deaths door kind of thing. Leaking out of holes in every part of my body. The medic made me comfortable but everyone knew I wasn't going to make it. Which meant your then pregnant grandmother would be raising your Mum alone, and with no payout from the government. I mean they couldn't admit where I died as that would have been a catastrophe." He paused as if the next part was going to be both difficult for him to say as much as for me to hear. "That's when I met Lanesra. She helped me, healed me. But. But it came at a cost." He sunk his head and wiped his eyes a few times.

When it was clear he wasn't going to continue the lady Lanesra stood. "Hello again, my name is Lanesra." She extended her hand in greeting and I reached out to shake it. She grabbed my offered hand and closed her eyes, a salacious smile appearing on her face. "Oh yes delicious" she said still holding on to my hand. I tried to pull it back, but she was freakishly strong, to the point where I was pulling with all of my might yet she didn't appear to even be budging.

"Get your hands off him!" My Mum shouted, fire in her words.

Lansera almost snarled but she let go of my hand and turned to my Grandfather. "I take it I have to finish your story for you.. Ahh such a shame." She started pacing across the decking. "A gift I gave you! A gift. And this is the thanks I receive. This is how you repay with contempt and anger?"

"It was no gift. You gave us a curse." Said my Grandmother, tears fresh on her face.

"Huh. She speaks. I think that's the first time I have heard your voice, but a curse? No a curse would be much worse. This is merely a debt paid. That is all." Lanesra began strolling back and forth along the decking again her long strides making the distance seem small in comparison.

There was a shimmer in the air around her, like steam rising from a road on a hot day, as she continued her motions. Everyone, even my mom, seemed to be avoiding her gaze as she paced back and forth like a lion ready to devour all.

"Will someone finish the story and tell me what the fuck is going on?" I shouted.

Lanesra stopped her pacing, all eyes including her own turned to me. I felt fear grip me at the look she gave me, something clawing at the pit of my stomach. My body making it clear it wanted no part of this woman, even the air surrounding her fled in her presence. My Mum pulled away from the hug and stepped backwards into the space between myself and Lanesra facing towards me, her movements cautious and slow.

"Lanesra saved your Grandfathers life, but it came at a cost. The price was the first born male of his bloodline. He thought that maybe they could always have more children if I turned out to be a boy. When I was born and I was a girl my father and mother both agreed they would have no more children."

"They tried to cheat. Cheat me from my prize." Lanesra shouted, her pacing starting again and the fire pit crackling with renewed vigour.

"Only delay they did. Delay until not their son, but their grandson would bare the price of the gift of life. You. You are my price. You belong to me." Lanesra said stopping and staring straight at me, trying to claim me with her gaze.

I was genuinely concerned for all of 20 seconds as I tried to wrap my head around the situation, but then I burst out laughing. "Whose idea was this, man that's a good one. You almost got me, I mean jeeez that's like B movie classic written all over it. I mean you expect me to believe, you made a deal with a witch to... "

"Oh shiiii.." my Mum started before being cut off by Lanesra racing towards me at unfathomable speed, flicking her to the floor and lifting me off the ground with 1 hand by my shirt collar.

"You dare tar me with that brush weakling? You know not of which you speak. Bite that tongue of yours in future before it is useful for nought else but pleasure."
