 Darkness enveloped me, enshrouding me like a thick veil both physically and mentally. It was a universe devoid of stars, light and sound. Am I dead? Is this what the afterlife feels like, floating around in a sea of nonexistence? Isn't there supposed to be some kind of movie of your life passing in front of your eyes? Do I even have eyes?

"Is that what you would like, some entertainment? A movie?" A loud pitched voice boomed around me from all directions. It sounded vaguely synthetic, but also strangely female.

"Hello?" I replied cautiously, the sound echoing all around as it left my mouth.

"Ah good. You made the transition. This pleases me." Replied the voice, still loud and booming, reverberating in my head shaking my skull, if I even still had a skull. I had so many questions running through my head. Who am I hearing, where am I, am I dead, what's the meaning of life, could she turn down the volume a little and maybe turn up the lights, will I scare her if I ask too many questions...

"Goodness you are full of it aren't you." Came the voice, a little quieter with a chuckle. "To answer your questions, I wanted to introduce myself and meet you first hand. That required a little intervention on my part so apologies for that." She paused for a few seconds before continuing.

"I have been known by many names during my existence. The creator, god, the light, titans, too many to recount, I actually didn't think of myself with a name for a very very long time. 

"As a species, we never really needed one, we look quite different and there aren't that many of us that it ever became a problem. But lately I refer to myself as Sol and I thought what better way to introduce myself than to start at the beginning. This is my beginning. This is where it all started." I was struck for words and decided to bite my tongue and wait until the end to ask any questions. I waited for what felt like an age, twiddling my non-existent thumbs and was about to change my mind about the question when I heard Sol let out an exasperated breath.

"You know what? I'll fast forward a little as it takes a bit of time for it to get interesting to anyone other than astrophysicists. Or maybe it's a generational thing."

Everything went silent again for a time before I noticed the darkness take on a tinge of colour. Just random spots of red, swirling and orbiting around me gaining speed, slowly at first but gradually increasing. Faster and faster until my eyes failed to track their movement and they became a solid red blur around my vision. Then just as suddenly as it began, the redness came together and coalesced into a singular sphere. It looked like a Cricket ball without the seam, and for some reason I wanted to reach out and touch it. It started vibrating, shaking, infused with some form of primal energy, as if it was about to explode. White light started to seep out from the sphere, pinprick holes shooting blinding white light in all directions. There was a flash, and the ball was no more. Instead there were waves of red flowing outwards. It was like a ripple in a pond when you drop a large stone, only going horizontally and vertically. Turning my head and tracking the wave I could see other spheres forming and exploding inside the waves, throwing other ripples off in different directions. Some waves collided, other waves merged and became bigger waves which then went on to create massive larger spheres.

"This is how the universe came into being. First there was nothing, then there was everything. It was an accident you know. A complete fluke, and there was a great surprise at the results. After millions of years order was created from chaos, fundamental laws established, primal laws, which govern the universe as you know it. Some were amended through the eons, others were bent or outright broken but generally order was established."

As she finished speaking I noticed some of the spheres looked like planets and whole solar systems. If I wasn't mistaken the planet before me was Earth, though the land masses were vastly different.

"You aren't wrong. This is Earth in the beginning, whilst I was still very young and learning my trade so to speak. Just like with human children these were my first humble creations my first scribble drawings if you will, lacking the finesse of a master artists brush. Skills had to be perfected, experience gained, I lacked the intelligence and understanding for subtle design. So, it was all very outlandish, very binary eat or be eaten, big or small, carnivore or herbivore." 

We zipped at high speed towards the earth and broke through the atmosphere, clouds spinning past my head as we quickly flew down to land on a tall mountain top surveying the valley below and the dinosaurs that roamed there. I felt like I had a front row seat at Jurassic park, small dinosaurs that looked like miniature raptors ran between my legs scurrying and nipping at their brothers and sisters. There was a loud roar and I looked up over the valley, for as far as the eye could see there was dinosaurs of all shapes and sizes, I recognised some, but the sheer size of them all was breathtaking and made me feel so very small. Trees hundreds of feet high, and yet there were dinosaurs which could still stand on their hind legs and munch on the foliage to be found at the top of them. Dinosaurs with horns as big as a man smashing into others with mouths large enough to swallow a truck.

I caught movement to my right and noticed a tall blonde lady moving forward and taking a seat on a large rock. She was stunningly beautiful with youthful vibrancy in her face, but her piercing grey eyes seemed filled with wisdom, directly contrasting the rest of her face. Her small smile radiated warmth, but I detected a pain hidden beneath. She turned her head away from me and looked out to the valley again. I took careful steps towards her, before eventually sitting beside her. She seemed quite anguished, and I was about to ask her what was wrong, when huge flocks of birds took flight from the trees around us. All flying up and away. She let out a deep sigh "They entertained me for a while. But their primitiveness was their eventual undoing. They lacked anything, but baser instincts and I suppose as I matured into my adulthood I wanted my creations to mature also, but they lacked the ability to evolve beyond their masters primitive design." There was a bright light in the sky and a large whooshing sound as the light hurtled towards the surface of the planet. Herbivore and Carnivore dinosaurs looked to the sky and cried out in unison, panic permeated the air as they all sought safer ground where none was to be found. The ground rippled with the impact and hot air whistled past me as all the life around me was incinerated in the blink of an eye. As the dust settled the contrast was unparalleled, the valley once filled with life now only contained death. Nothing was spared the destructive brush and it saddened me greatly that life could be ended on such a massive scale in such a short space of time.

"You. You killed. You killed them all!" I said, shocked by my own words and feeling a rising bile in my throat and words. She turned towards me anger in her eyes looking like she wanted to crush me like a bug. I made a mental note to bite my tongue as she probably could crush me... well like a bug! She'd just wiped out a whole planet as she basically got bored with them.

"ENOUGH!" She shouted rising to her feet, she seemed to grow taller in stature such that even in a fair fight she could have probably taken me. Her hair rose and coiled like snakes ready to strike as her eyes took on a reddish tint focusing directly on me. I'd never felt as feeble or as terrified before. I was genuinely concerned she was about to drop a meteor on my head when she closed her eyes and took some deep breaths, the wind from the exhales blowing across my face like a hurricane even though she was at least 20 feet from me. I was frightened she was going to blow me away with one quick puff of air when the wind diminished to that of only a light breeze. She opened her eyes and gave a small reassuring grin.

"I'm sorry. I don't tend to lose my temper it's just that this part of my history, is still a little raw I guess. Even after all these years." She came and sat back down her hair falling back into the flowing golden hair I had seen previously.

"Before we continue its important I clear something up. I did not create the meteor and also thankfully not everything died, though a lot did." She lowered her head and I saw her wipe at her cheek with the back of her hand before continuing with a break in her voice.

"All in all about 80% of my creations died because of that meteor, be they plant or animal. It haunts me to this day that I did not intervene, that I did not do more, but that is the curse of hindsight. She's a bitch to even the gods, but I've had millions of years to contemplate my lack of action rather than just a human lifetime. I envy you for that." She took a deep breath composing herself before continuing

"When I became aware of the asteroid hurtling toward earth it's fair to say I was in quite a dark place. I'd liken it to a parent with children who will never leave home. In those early years after I became aware of the asteroid it's true I could have intervened. A stray asteroid here, a black hole there, something along its trajectory which could move it just enough to pass earth... But alas I chose not to." She turned her face back away from me surveying the landscape. It appeared time had moved on somewhat and there was life if you looked hard enough. Dense pines started to rise around the decaying corpses blotting them out and rising high into the sky. Birds like small furry chickens ran between them laying nests scuttling around on twigs and fruits which fell.

"As with most decisions made in haste and in anger I changed my mind and wanted to intervene, but it was already too late." I couldn't believe what she was saying and felt the need to respond.

"But you're a god. You said yourself another asteroid, a black hole, a large enough force could have diverted it. I mean don't you have some kind of rays from your eyes like superman or something and burnt it in two?" She laughed warmly

"Ahh humans and their love of super heroes. Never gets old that one. But even deity like myself must follow the laws or face the wrath of my kind. To intervene so late would be a clear violation and difficult to claim as accidental. If I had reacted when I first discovered then I could have pleaded ignorance, a minor force would have been sufficient. As news spread that my planet was about to get hit, the eyes of the universe all turned toward me. So... My only choice without repercussion, was to sit and watch as my world burnt and my children perished." She raised her hand and wiped a tear from the corner of her eye.

"That is and still remains the greatest pain of my existence, the fact that even though I had the choice to intervene I chose not to, due to nothing more than malice and stupidity." She shook her head and the contempt for her actions was clear in her voice. We sat in silence for a while, as I contemplated what that would feel like. I imagined having to live with a mistake for hundreds of millions of years.

"We all make mistakes Sol. No doubt through the eons you have shed a tear for every one of those souls. The earth recovered, some might say stronger for it." I wasn't sure what else to say but was pleased my words caused a small smile to appear on Sol's face, she looked like she was about to say something but swallowed and continued.

"After an age the genetic diversity of the plants and animals hadn't altered, and I decided it was time for me to pass on some of my powers to a new breed, my keepers." She rose from her seat and started walking down a small decline.

"The druids." I shouted following after her racing to catch her up. As we approached a small clearing another version of Sol appeared in front of us. Maybe it was the fact that this was a view into the past, or maybe it was just that she wasn't wearing any clothing, but she definitely looked younger. And seriously hot, though maybe a little sad. I didn't want to focus on her very feminine figure too much for fear of getting a boner. The older Sol sat down next to me and gestured for me to join her, and we both watched as her younger self pushed a hand to her chest and drew out a glowing orb. It was golden bright like a miniature sun and as she pulled it away. As she did I detected a slight reduction in her overall brightness, like adjusting a dimmer switch just slightly, unseen to the untrained eye but visible to those who witnessed it. She gazed at it in the palm of her hand before seemingly deciding this was the best course of action. She pushed the orb into the air and left it hovering there, elevated off the ground. She moved amongst the trees gathering items, I saw a leaf and some twigs, a rock and she created small piles with the items.

"The elements" I said surprised at the wonderment in my voice, but equally amazed that I was witnessing the birth of a species.

She flicked her fingers and a small flame started on the ground. "That's so cool" I said looking between the two Sol's with glee.

"Be quiet and watch" Sol said nudging me in the ribs as the younger Sol repeated the click and a small puddle of water rose from the ground. "Tha.." I started before Sol cut me off.

"I know. I know. So cool, you said." Laughed Sol giving a shake of her head.

The younger Sol moved back over to the orb and griped it rolling it around in her hands. Her gestures became more exaggerated as her arms moved wildly the orb become flat and she started pulling it out, stretching it in her hands like a warm glowing piece of dough. She stretched her arms wide and threw the energy into the air like a pizza chef. It spun in a disc like shape in the air for a gravity defying moment before breaking apart in a bright flash. The flash gradually faded revealing 5 small pieces slowly falling to the ground. One landed on the leaf and plants, another on some fresh soil with small protruding bones, another landing on the flame and the sand which had formed beneath it, another on the small puddle of clear blue water. The last one remained floating in the air, almost as if it was unsure where to go. The younger Sol grabbed the orb holding it in her hand and blowing onto it. Cold steam rose from between her fingers and there was a faint blue light emitting from within them. When she opened her hand again her breath seemed to have formed a layer of ice around the orb and it had turned from shining yellow to deep blue. She dropped it from her hand to join the others on the floor and moved away from the orbs as they started to mix with the elements on offer. The younger Sol stood statue still her eyes closed, and a look of deep concentration on her face. The light around her was shimmering as waves of energy flowed out of her and into the orbs. The strain was evident on her face, just as she appeared to have nothing left to give she fell to the floor in exhaustion, panting deeply.

"These were the first of their kind, my guardians. My Druids. I split my power into the 5 hoping to give them my all until there was nothing left of me, but alas the last part of my spirit I was unable to gift to them. These first born were the strongest of their lines, born of spirit not of flesh, as is the way of the druidic. Gaia the Earthern Mother, the kindest and most dedicated of them all. I'd say 80% of the plants and animals that exist on earth were born from Gaia's hands. Her spirit watches in horror at what has become of her people." I watched as a woman arose from a kneeling position. She had olive green skin and light red hair. Red apple shaped breasts that appeared much larger than Lanesra and her people. I continued watching her roaming and staring at the world she had been born into before Sol cut in.

"Hades the ruler of the underworld. Often depicted as a demonic force and chastised by the majority of his brethren because of his realm. For all the life the others added into the world, Hades had the role of maintaining balance, preventing any one species from overwhelming." Hades rose from the dirt and his angular face, pale skin and jet-black hair gave him the appearance of a vampire. The only difference being the large bone wings which protruded from his back giving him a fallen angel vibe. "What's with the wings? Doesn't he live underground?" Sol smiled at my question before answering.

"Originally, I had considered Hades as the rule of that which is beneath the world, but the bones... Accidental at first, I didn't even know they were in there. Nature found a way I suppose. I often wondered what the world would have been without Hades, the answer I almost always come back to is chaotic. And the wings, well my guess is he is at least part chicken." She laughed, and I couldn't help but join her.

"Maybe don't mention that to any of his sons or daughters if you meet them" she commented chuckling. The flame on the ground started to grow larger in size before eventually growing to the height of a human. It started to disobey the laws as I knew them, gaps forming, flames jutting out at odd angles with no clear combustible material. Suddenly I spotted orange eyes in the center of what was clearly a face. It was a human made entirely of flame. The flames died down across her body leaving red skin, as she stretched and surveyed her body her fingers occasionally came alight.

"Hera probably the only one that history got truly wrong. I guess that's what happens when history is written by men. She was the ruler of fire and the desert lands. Gaia and Hera were an odd pair. They were opposite in many respects, where Gaia was quiet and reserved speaking few words Hera was passionate and fierce with her action and tongue. Even with all that they were actually close friends, and whilst many sought Gaia's council, it was Hera who Gaia turned to in her hours of need. Hera's creatures were often fierce hunters, she designed systems with the predator in mind and was ruthless in her pursuit of the perfect design. Gaia and Hera would often be natural enemies in their domains, yet their friendship remained untarnished." Hera looked at the puddle of water at her feet and the hand which gripped her foot. She hissed and flames licked across her body as she took a defensive stance ripping her foot away. The hand pulled on the grass, extending from the puddle and becoming an arm, then a shoulder. A 2nd arm came out then a head. It placed its arms either side of its head and pushed itself upward before resting on top of the water. It was definitely male, the top half of its body a very large well-built form, but the lower half looked like one large spout of water, joining its torso with the puddle on the floor.

"Poseidon ruler of river, sea and lake and all who dwell within. As you can imagine, fire and water elements took an instant disliking to one another. But truth be told no one really liked Poseidon, he was arrogant and cocksure, constantly joking with the others and causing a general nuisance. Yet no one could dispute the works he created. The diversity and beauty in the design made the others begrudgingly accept him and his... flaws." As Sol said this Poseidon sneezed and sent a large globule of water straight at Hera's face. She burned it before it reached it but still was furious staring towards him. Gaia grabbed at Hera's arm smiling and whispered something unheard into her ear which caused Hera to laugh and walk away. I could see why Gaia was considered the 'mother' of the group, breaking up the fight before it could get going. Sol took a deep sigh as the frozen blue orb on the floor started to vibrate and shimmer.
