 First of all I want to thank all of you who have read this series and sent me all the nice comments and votes! Hope you will enjoy the next chapters as well, and please continue sending me suggestions on how to improve my writings. 

A special thanks goes to my editor Smy3th for providing such useful suggestions and corrections on the text. Thank you so much for all your patience when dealing with my countless mistakes when deciphering the English language. If not for you, these chapters would still be filled with errors.

********

Teri rummaged through the strange room, trying to locate something heavy to throw at the first victim entering the doorway. An escape route would also be welcome, but so far all she had managed to find was smooth walls, a well-made bed and a chair. The room was too plain to provide anything resembling a weapon. 

Maybe she should look for another button like the one the creep pressed to put her in this compartment. She moved her fingers along the wall, pressing every blank surface she could find. Still no luck. If there were any buttons she could not locate them. She continued pressing every little part of the wall, before moving around the entire room in search of such a button. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. 

Staring glumly at the bed, she contemplated her next move. Suddenly a swishing sound was heard behind her. She turned around just as the Captain entered the cabin and leaned his large body casually against the doorframe.

"It's no use looking for the exit. The doors can only be opened by authorized personnel, so unless you cut off my hands you will not get out," he began, looking as fierce as ever. 

"Don't even tempt me," she snarled at him. "This is kidnapping, and it's strictly illegal. You loonies are going to do hard time for this, just you wait and see."

"I wouldn't count on it. Some planets actually allow kidnapping. Or even urge the act. I can very easily steer the ship to one of those planets," he smiled as he came nearer. She felt crowded in the small room.

"It's still illegal," she said stubbornly while squaring her shoulders and looking him straight in the eye. No way she was backing down no matter how intimidating this large male was. Not to mention 'tempting'. Under any other circumstances she would probably forget her 'men are jerks' rule and simply pounce of this delicious creature. "Why me? And where are you taking me?"

"We have orders to take you to Alpha Centauri. They will explain it to you when we get there."

"Are you sure this is not some crazy idea of that scumbag Jeffrey? I'm sure he could have come up with something as idiotic as this." She made her voice a parody of his while saying "We have orders to take you to Alpha Centauri."

He stared angrily at her, not seeing the humour in her joke. "Jeffrey, who?"

"Jeffrey, the scumbag? I'm sure you know him. He's the guy paying you calendar boys for dressing up like Star Trek-figures. And he's also the lousiest lover I've ever had. Do you hear that, Jeffrey? And the smallest dick I've ever seen," she shouted up to the ceiling.

"Thanks, but I don't want to hear any details about your love life," he continued. Crossing his arms in front of his chest he continued. "I suggest you settle down and stop the noise. This flight will take some days to complete."

"Uh hum," she replied solemnly. These lunatics still believed in their joke. Maybe they were crazy, or simply being paid well to participate in this joke? She decided to play along for the time being. Once they sobered up she could always sue the entire boy's club right down to their last pair of boxer shorts. Still, she could not contain the tone of ridicule in her voice as she responded. 

"Okay, I promise not to knock down your precious theatre. I'll even settle in for a few hours. But, only if the service here is first-class." She plunged down into the chair and leaned her back causally against the backrest, looking at him with expectations glowing in her eyes. Of course she would prefer him to do a slow striptease here and now, combined with the flexing of some muscles, but her courage failed her somewhat. That left her secondary wishes. 

"Okay, purser, it's time to serve the food and drinks. I want a well done steak, potatoes and a glass of red wine. It must be French, of course. Then I want a cheese cake for dessert, and some sweet, white wine. Yep, that sounds nice. Are you taking notes? Just remember that the steak must be well done, otherwise I won't eat it. Oh, and by the way, where is the bathroom? And throw in a copy of the New York Times, as well, will you?"

"This is not a pleasure-cruise," he growled. 

"No? And here I thought you guys were at my beck and call all evening. My willing slaves - only waiting to fulfil all my wishes. Blimey, how could I've been so stupid?" she exclaimed ironically.

"Okay, I'll just have to settle for the newspaper, then. But, let me just suggest you improve on your service for the next girl you're planning of kidnapping." As he turned to retreat from her tirade of complaints, she beamed on "And don't forget to get me something to drink, will you, slave?"

***

"Saints, does she ever shut up?" Connor groaned as he made a hasty escape from the she-devil occupying his cabin, meeting the laughing face of Morgan once again.

"And honey, don't forget the steak, will you?" she shouted after him.

Morgan laughed even harder at the last line. 

"Maybe we should gag her?" Connor suggested hopefully. 

"Sure, honey," Morgan interceded as he laughed even louder at Connor's angry face. "Can't have a mere female ruining our military morale, now can we? Me, I find this enormously entertaining." 

"If you think so you are hereby in charge of her for the rest of the trip," Connor decided. "She wants food and drinks by the way."

"Yes, I heard honey? Man, you almost seemed human as you ran out off that door. Ha-ha. Who could have imagined our tough Captain backing out of a fight? I've never seen you back down for anything or anyone before – especially not a small wisp of a female. I wish the rest of the crew had seen that. They will never believe me when I tell them," he laughed while quickly moving out of range of the Captain's fist coming in his direction.

***

Returning with coffee and sandwiches, he opened the door to the prisoner. "Finally," she exclaimed. "I'm starving. Oh, where is Captain Picard, then?"

"His name is Captain Connor Hamilton," Morgan explained. "But I think he prefers honey."

"Of course he does. I was thinking about calling him garçon but he didn't seem to know his French very well. And you are?"

"Morgan Taylor. Second in command."

"Okay, Mr Taylor, nice to meet you. By the way, you are all a bunch of lunatics, and I'm going to sue you all for every penny you've got when this is all over. Now tell me where to find the bathroom and the exit? And in that order, please." 

He pressed one of the invisible buttons and an oasis opened up along the wall. A large bathtub completely dominated the adjourning room.

"Oh, my. How nice," she exclaimed while giving the large bathtub the look of a starved creature. She had always wanted a bathtub, but so far she had never been able to afford it. And this one looked heavenly. She sighed. 

"The exit is more difficult, I'm afraid," Morgan said politely. "Since we're somewhere between the Uranium and the Solaris system I would not recommend jumping off. Being an air-breather, you know."

"And if I was not an air-breather?"

"Still wouldn't recommend it," he laughed. "Only open space out there and 2 days to the nearest planet." 

"Hm," she thought for a while. They were still completely drunk as far as she could tell. Maybe it was time to get some information about this silly situation. The more information she had, the easier her escape would be, she thought.

"So, what are you going to do with me?" she asked. "I would prefer returning to my work on earth. Also, I think psychiatric treatment is in order for you guys."

He laughed. "Sorry Miss, this is not a road trip or a movie. We're taking you to Alpha Centauri. Orders from our elders. Don't know what they want with you, but I guess you will find out in a few days. Travelling through space take some time though, even at 800 times faster than light speed."

"You're all delusional," she said in a flat voice as he left the cabin. They were really not on a normal level, she concluded, and continued to dig into the food instead. Later, she would again concentrate on the escape-plan, or maybe aiming for a nice soak in that wonderful tub. 

She felt like taking a warm bath after a long and tiring day. Especially when these idiots topped it by locking her into a theatre setting – or a hotel suit, or whatever it was that they had redecorated for this setup. Jeffrey could just wait to hear what she had to say about that. Right now she was starved and all confrontation with Jeffrey would be much better on a full stomach and with a clean body. 

Yep, that was it. She just had to settle in and wait for them to get tired of this silly charade. It would not take much time, she thought. After all, endurance had never been Jeffrey's strongest character trait, she thought smugly.

***

Connor was still growling at his men a few hours later. He had not been able to shake off the image of their female captive, standing so proud with her tight nipples so visible through her blouse - pointing straight at him as she was berating both him and his crew. 

She was a tough one, he would give her that. She should be frightened, but these earth women were probably not normal in that aspect. He had felt the need to push her onto the bed and make her shut up by filling her mouth with his tongue or cock. Preferably both, as he found out if her nipples were exactly as tight as they appeared to be. 

She would probably be just as forward in lovemaking as in speaking, and his entire body shuddered as he contemplated the feeling of her sucking him hard up and down his shaft as she massaged his balls. He groaned at the vision and felt his cock hardening slightly. Damn, he had to get a grip on himself. 

He tugged at his skin suit, giving his hardened cock more room. There were still a few days journey before he could get rid of the female. Until then, he would have a problem sleeping if these erratic thoughts continued. Good thing he had set Morgan to wait on her. That way he would not have to meet her before he dumped her onto Alpha Centauri and out of his system for good. It was not normal for him to get this tense over a mere female.

Suddenly the intercom beamed. The elders were calling. Their leader was visible on the screen.

"Captain, it's for you," Morgan called. 

Connor came forward, "Yes, what is it, Master Kane?" He was surprised by the interruption. The High Council never contacted them while on missions. The enemy could easily track their signal if they wanted to, so this had to be important. He worried about what disaster could have struck in such a short time.

"Have you got the woman?" the Master asked.

"Yes, she's with us, and in good health by the sound of it," he added ironically.

"Good," the old man nodded in a pleased tone. "Now, we have some instructions for you."

"Instructions? What for?"

"She must be prepared before her arrival." 

"Prepared how?" the Captain asked suspiciously. "What should we explain to her? Can't you do it when we arrive? It will only take a few days."

"Not explain," the Master interceded. "Prepared. Wash your ears once in a while you obstinate boy," the elder chuckled. "She is to be mated as soon as she arrives, so she must be prepared for the ceremony."

"You mean...,"the Captain hesitated as a lot of unwanted images of sexual behaviour involving their captive plunged through his mind. Especially the one that included her sucking his cock into her hot mouth. 

"Yes, I mean she must be sexually aroused. Aroused but not pleasured. Remember that!"

"Okay, and you want us to do the job?" the Captain asked even more hesitantly. This was definitely not part of the job description. At least it had not been the last time he signed on.

"Yes, but only you Captain Hamilton. No one else."

"What? Why me? Can't Morgan do the job?" the Captain asked. "I'm sure he's more than willing." Morgan nodded his head frantically in agreement. 

"No," the Master intervened. "No one but you, Captain, can do this job. The stars are very clear on that. Still, you know our laws in this, Captain. You can get pleasure yourself, but she mustn't orgasm. It's important for the mating ceremony." 

"Ye-es, I know. But, still...," he paused while collecting his straying thoughts. "What if I refuse?" he asked. He wanted to fuck the woman, but 'preparation', now that was something else. That demanded following the strict procedures of their elders. 

"It's important to start the process as soon as possible. I can not stress that enough. You must do this, Hamilton. It's a direct order, Captain. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," Connor answered glumly. Still, I don't like to be ordered to fuck anyone."

"We would not have asked this of you if there were any alternatives. Right now this is important for our entire race's existence," the elder said. "Besides, I hear she's not that bad looking. Am I right?" Master Kane chuckled.

"No, she's not," the Captain said while sending Morgan an angry look. He knew very well who could have given such details to the council.

"Then get on with it! The sooner the better" the elder ordered and switched off the intercom.

"Damn, you lucky sod," Morgan exclaimed. "Preparation. Only very few are selected for such an important and prestigious task. I'm sure this means you're in for promotion." He slapped the Captain's shoulder and could hardly contain his excitement. 

Connor was barely paying attention. He could not believe what he had just heard. It was an old tradition, and as far he had known it was seldom used. Usually the woman was willing and didn't need any preparation to ensure her cooperation in the mating. But in those cases the woman also knew her mate. This would mean that their captive was to mate a man she did not know. But who could it be? 

Still, the elders were not to be gainsaid. He had not worked all these years in order to get kicked out for not obeying his elders on such an order. And how difficult could it be to prepare one female for mating?

He ordered Morgan to get the ceremonial drugs. The female had to be calm in order to be properly prepared. Maybe he should gag her as well, as he had thought about earlier. He decided to save it for later, if it became necessary.

Connor gave his instructions to Morgan. Morgan would take over command of the ship and their crew for the next couple of days. Preparation would take all his time and energy for the remaining flight. He went to change into some loose fitting clothes. Morgan returned with the drugs as he was shedding his suit. 

"Put them in a glass of wine and bring it to her. She would only be suspicious if I try to give her something," the Captain explained.

***

Finally, everything was arranged. For the next few days all his efforts would be concentrated on arousing the female so that she would welcome the mating. He shrugged. He had not had a woman for the last three years. Too involved with work, and too picky to go to the countless prostitutes offering their services along with countless diseases. 

Now, he could finally indulge himself, and all in the matter of duty. Or maybe duty was not the first thing that came to mind when he thought about their captive. He imagined how it would feel to plunge into a tight and warm female body again and his entire body shivered with the excitement. Very soon he would know if the fantasy was as good as the reality. He looked forward to the event with excitement.