 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2019.

Lit is still the best place to post the pervy stuff. :)



The Druid in the Priest's Temple

Tamuril had found the courage to ask her brother, Marikoth, for a room with an open window. Thairen the Sinless had deemed the Druid's eagle companion fit and ready to be allowed outside the Temple at last, though the Druid herself was to remain indoors.

"No one must talk to her," the eldest Priest said to his brothers. "No one must touch her, unaware of where she's been. At least for now, until we learn more."

Thairen had never said that no one could see her, if only in the frame of a window.

So, she asked.

Her first little room in the Temple had no windows. It was a prayer space not intended for lengthy residence. She wasn't certain on which level it was located, only that it wasn't underground. She had a natural sense for underground rooms.

The next room where she had spent the most time within the Sepham were the suites of Jaquo'ra the Anointed, where she had been allowed to feed and tend her young animal companion. The Fire Priest's rooms had been designed the same way as the prayer room: closed off with no windows to the outside, although she knew it to be on the fourth level. It was a much larger living space, suitable to provide comfort for decades.

It having the feel of a cave never seems to bother him. 

Resting her arms on the windowsill and her chin on her hands, Tamuril gave this some thought while she stood in the warming light. She could imagine some reason why Jaquo'ra liked a cave better than she did. The red walls and warm candlelight suited Jaquo'ra's elemental domain of Fire. The blue light of day would have thrown those calming, enfolding hues into harsh disarray.

It must be easier for the Fire Priest to rest and meditate.

It was also not unusual for a Golden Priest to simply value his privacy. Recognizable everywhere in Galad Bahr, adding that it was required the common people honor the Ancient Fathers whom a Priest embodied, there was no simple walk for pleasure in the streets or in the forest for a Golden Priest. Being the younger sister of one for her entire life, Tamuril had seen some of this and sympathized with the burden her brother carried in his duty.

So much attention any time he steps out. I remember. Marikoth and Jaquo'ra both used invisibility spells when they did not have the patience for the eyes of the people. Perhaps the elder Priests do, too. I would never know it, then or now.

She didn't know if any other Priest kept rooms with windows or not; she had never been inside their private quarters, not even Marikoth's. Known as the Compeller, her brother had chosen years ago to perform his then-defiled sister's Penance in an airy, ground-level room filled with golden light. After completing that task, her recent Confession had taken place in a pool of clear water.

Now, I am Purified. Tamuril touched her forehead to the smooth stone, crossing her arms over her breasts covered by a long, white robe. This is my room. My own. I need air and light, or I shall wither like my plants.

Today had arrived at last. She had moved in and Erek, her young golden eagle, had flown out this very window to explore his new home. The blonde Elven Druid would be kept from placing her own bare feet upon the soil, from feeling the grass between her toes, for she was housed four stories above the ground, scanning the tops of the trees now turning from green to gold and orange.

But she could sit in the direct daylight if she liked and could breathe in the ever strengthening and waning scents of growing things, watching leaves flutter toward the ground on very little breeze.

Most importantly, she could watch Erek fly.

I am grateful, God. I truly am.

Her golden eagle still had the iron ring attached to his foot, although the chain itself had been removed. The Queen and any Priest could find the young raptor in Galad Bahr if they wished and could compel him to return to the Temple through that iron ring. It had been necessary in training the wilderness-born familiar for his new role and in earning Thairen's approval, with Pequitil and Uraul's support, before the God Husband.

The door to Tamuril's day-lit room opened behind her. She straightened up and turned around, folding her hands in front of her, her heart still catching up in its heightened throb. She kept her chin and eyes down.

"Anointed," she said.

"As you were, Tamuril," Jaquo'ra said with a smile in his voice. He was in a good mood. "You enjoy the view. As do I."

Tamuril blushed at the innuendo, but the Fire Priest had been growing more familiar with her these last months. He watched her intensely at times, as he had from the moment she returned home, but now he enjoyed making her acknowledge how he watched her—at least as a prompt coloring in her cheeks even if she said nothing.

Tamuril turned back around, resting her forearms upon the sill and searching again for her eagle. He had vanished behind some trees. I hope he found something to eat. My baby is still growing.

Walking up leisurely behind her, Jaquo'ra joined her at the wide window, relaxing in a lean as he folded his arms atop the sill. There was room enough for them both to look out without their shoulders touching, and the stone was broad enough that Tamuril would have to climb up and sit in the space itself to look over the edge and directly down. She had done so once, peeking down to witness the clean ring of water circling the Sepham before the Prayer Gardens began.

"Are you satisfied?" he asked, blue eyes scanning the space above.

"I am most humbly grateful, Golden Priest of God."

"Jaquo'ra, when we're alone like this," he said with a hint of command. "Like you do with Marikoth."

She nodded, her eyes forward still waiting for Erek to reappear above the treetops. "Jaquo'ra. I am grateful."

"For what?"

Her fingers played with each other. "For your work and understanding with my familiar. For your insights and your courage speaking on my behalf, and Erek's." She paused. "For this room with the broadest view, for both of us."

"That last wasn't my choice."

He was smiling, she knew, but she dared not look over at him.

"I imagined it was you who suggested it first," she said. 

He didn't reply, and after a moment unfolded his arms. He reached out with one bare hand and slid it—always warm and dry—onto the back of her neck beneath the gentle waves of her blonde hair. Gooseflesh broke out across her shoulders and down her arms, some of it visible to him in the wide scoop of her robe's collar and her sleeves pushed back to her elbows to soak in the light. Underneath the white robe, her nipples followed suit and grew turgid and apparent to his eyes; she had learned not to cover them with her arms when the red-haired Priest touched her. He wanted to see it, and he never punished her for her weakness.

One time, a few weeks ago, he had even stopped Marikoth from doing so. 

Jaquo'ra massaged her skin, rubbing his palm back and forth across her spine, and withdrew his hand, chuckling softly. "I grow to enjoy this reaction too much. You have no control, do you, Druid? Your fertility magic wants you to be touched. Demands it."

She swallowed. "You... speak true, Anointed. So I discovered."

"How long has it been?"

Her blonde brows lifted, but she blinked at a tree whose leaves were entirely orange. "Since what, my Priest?"

She heard him moisten his lips. "Since an Outsider last knew you."

Her heart picked up again; she could feel its pulse in her ears. She tried to recall what she'd told him and the others in Confession.

A decade since I last lay with Arvada'zh the Wanderer. Longer since Willven Isboern. With my beloved's advanced age, perhaps twenty years.

Yet her body disagreed that it had been even one year, much less ten. Her aura and her body were entwined, and her skin vividly recalled being touched, her feminine folds moistened and receptive. Being filled.

By who?

"A young Man from the Isboern clan," she murmured. "Last Spring, when the wilderness last awakened. I do not remember his name."

"This was because your 'Willven' was old and could not respond to any edain, and the Green Dragon was asleep. You went searching for a young buck to sate you, Tamuril?"

Her face reddened deeply. She still hadn't looked at Jaquo'ra, and she did not see Erek.

"Yes, Priest" she whispered, moving her thighs together as the phantom sensation of an eager rut returned far too easily.

I must have.

"The mortal didn't even know his good fortune. You'll have to remember his name."

"I never asked."

"Truly in heat, were you?" The Fire Priest reached out again, resting his warm hand on the small of her back. "This explains your response in the Homecoming ritual."

"Hm?" 

Her question came out as a squeak as his fingers closed, gathering up the material of her robe into his fist while drawing it along the skin of her haunches.

"When the Five Bathed you."

Jaquo'ra started pulling the back of her robe, slowly revealing her bare feet, ankles, and calves. "Perhaps the memory is blurry?"

"P-Priest?"

"Jaquo'ra."

"J-Jaquoh...ra."

She shivered as her thighs were exposed, then her backside, as the red-haired Priest moved closer, clutching the wad of fabric to her back and pressing with his free hand between her shoulder blades.

"Down a little."

She obeyed, resting her chin upon her arms again and keeping watch for Erek as she opened her legs a little more. The Fire Priest switched his grip on the fabric of her Temple robe, and his warm fingers were on her swollen sex, first simply resting there, then massaging in gentle circles. She wanted to hide her eyes in embarrassment but kept watching the blue space mimicking the true sky for the shape of a hunter.

"I reached into you," Jaquo'ra murmured, "allowing the holy water to follow, to purify your cunt after the foreign seed it had taken."

Tamuril's heart leaped into her throat as that crude word simultaneous struck her and caressed her ears like a soft rabbit's pelt. Her back stiffened as the Priest's middle finger penetrated her. Again.

"You clutched me, Tamuril. Just like this."

"Oh, God," she moaned, fingertips pressing to the smooth stone of the sill.

Jaquo'ra released the robe bunched above her ass, letting it tumble down to partially cover what he was doing. Her legs would still be visible if anyone walked in, quivering with his hand between them. The Anointed breathed heavier in her ear, leaned against her so they shared heat; she could smell the soap he used and the less-perfect sweat from beneath his arms.

Tamuril felt herself oozing after only a few, exploratory strokes, heard the sounds like leftover stew being given as slops to the baser creatures of Galad Bahr. Even as the Priest's Elven aura began to sing a quiet song beside hers, the Druid had never before felt to be proven more base even than a pig.

But it has been lonely since I returned home. I am so hungry.

"Two," she whispered, her cheeks so brightly aflame she felt they were too close to the Fire he could so easily call.

Jaquo'ra paused but understood and obliged. She felt two of his long fingers now, stretching her wider and going deep, giving her something substantial to clamp down upon whenever he moved. She felt his dark blue eyes witnessing her every breath and flinch, while she couldn't turn her gaze from the outside.

"Turn your hand," she murmured, widening her stance even more. "Palm down."

He did so only in his own time as he explored her further, for she felt his resistance in taking another suggestion from her so soon after the first. She pursed pink lips, breathing harder through her nose and moved her hips like the prostitute he wanted her to be. He experimented in his touch, stumbling on the best one only after he finally did as she said.

"Oh!" Tamuril cried, unable to hold it back as he rolled both pads of his fingers over the puffy, sensitive crest inside her. "Oh, yes, Priest, bless me with your touch!"

Jaquo'ra paused again, a sliver of uncertainty in his body's language, as he might have glanced toward the door. Yet he repeated the gesture to watch her writhe.

"Tamuril..."

"I can take it harder," she murmured. "I can! I am not too tender."

"After spreading to a Dragon," he remarked, "I wouldn't expect you are."

"Jaquo'ra," she chanted. "Jaquo'ra. Jaqu...oh... Oh! Yes!"

Again, she could feel his intense fascination, looking down at her as he pumped his fingers in her cunt, curling them against that spot inside which made her jump and shudder. His free hand dove abruptly to her front, lifting her robe and slipping beneath to cover her blonde mound, pressing and squeezing the sensitive, stiff bud using her own netherlips. He used his hand as if he knew it was there, a tiny spot of intense joy which she had taken centuries to find!

"Jaquo'ra!"

"Quiet," he whispered as she grew louder, too excited.

"I c-can't—mmph!"

He abandoned her clit and covered her mouth instead. Oh, God, she could smell her own musk! Her moisture was painted across her upper lip right beneath her nose.

Harder!

Her movements grew frenzied until Jaquo'ra rubbed inside her hard as he could and then she held still for him, knees locked and toes curling, her mouth still covered, and her green eyes squeezed shut.

"Mmph! Mmph!"

"By my Ancient Fathers, Tamuril. Your aura..."

Jaquo'ra whispered this like a prayer, his eyes fixed on her, her body holding him fast as her cunt rippled and flexed around his fingers, as satisfaction rolled in waves from her lower belly outward, leaving fatigue and the desire for a pleasant Reverie in its wake.

Ohhhhhh...

Breathing through her nose in huge draws, she had stopped squealing, and finally her mouth was freed. Her damp forehead touched the cold stone; she had lost sight of the sky. The Druid fully expected him to step behind her now, to lift her robe and then his own, to connect with her in his own pleasure. She was prepared to give him whatever orifice he wished.

I've felt mine, now I owe him his.

Instead, the Fire Priest removed his fingers from her body and let her robe fall, hiding the stains between her thighs.

No? Then perhaps my mouth?

She wetted her lips, waited to be told to kneel.

An eagle called, coming closer.

Jaquo'ra sighed, his voice tight in his throat. "Damned bird."

Tamuril pushed straight again in a fright, covering her mouth with her hands, as she realized the Fire Priest had seen Erek coming first. The Druid locked eyes with the red-haired Priest, who watched her with a snapping blue gaze and a wry smirk, holding his erection through his red robes as if to choke it as he aimed it toward his thigh. His other hand glistened with evidence of the edain's breeding heat.

"You finished just in time, Vathrae," he said, bowing his head. "Excuse me."

Trembling and now on the verge of tears, Tamuril watched Jaquo'ra leave her room quickly before Erek could land on the sill. When he did, the eagle greeted her with a cautious lilt, aware of her modest quiver.

"I'm well, baby," she murmured, blinking repeatedly.

The tears receded simply from watching the youth prowl with big feet toward the inner ledge of the sill. It was then she saw the broken branch clutched in one foot with several small, stubborn brown pods attached.

"Briba fruit?" she asked. "Are those for me?"

Nodding his beak, Erek released the pods and scanned the room with his sharp, amber eyes, then took off to claim his perch and nest inside her room. He began grooming his feathers. There were tiny bits of fur and flesh still stuck to his talons, some spots of blood on the down of his belly and chest, but he would get to it all eventually.

She smiled proudly at him. "Did you get enough to eat?"

A warble that was an affirmative. The way he blinked at her was enough to melt her heart. She could almost hear his voice.

You must eat now.

Tamuril was hungry but didn't want to disturb Jaquo'ra just yet, and she hadn't yet been assigned a Temple servant in her new quarters to bring her meals. She went to the sill and pulled the fruit from the branch, noting upon a closer look they were more purple than brown.

Perfectly ripe.

Using her thumbs to break into the flesh, the Druid enjoyed a sweet and fragrant autumn fruit which never grew on the Outside.