 Sam's feet were killing him. He had been wandering in the woods for hours, lost his map, almost run out of calorie bars, trail mix and bottled water, his backpack felt heavier and heavier and the weather was boiling hot. He was an experienced traveller, but had never been in this part of the woods before. He kept looking for a point of reference, but wasn't able to find one. It was mid-day, but he still wanted to hurry. Finally, he discovered a small stream at his feet and decided to follow it, as there was a lake near his hometown and the stream could lead to it. Following it down a bumpy, rocky slope, he eventually reached a large shrubbery which it ran through. Resolute, he started crawling through it. Finally, he reached the end of the bushes and stopped with disappointment. Between them and a lot of trees lay a small pond, apparently without any streams running from it. Just as Sam was about to get up, something splashed in the water. A beautiful, voluptuous, naked woman with blond hair with blue highlights was launched from the water like a dolphin jumping out of a pool and landed on her feet. She stretched out with comfort, her soaked body glistening in the sunlight.

"Terraline," she called out. Suddenly, another naked woman appeared from the birch of a tree. She was equally buxom and had brown hair with green highlights.

"I'm here, Aquaral" she said.

The two smiled and slowly approached each other. When they came close enough, they embraced and started kissing and stroking each others' bodies.

"Where did you go," Aquaral asked. "I was so horny."

"Had a look around."

Their stroking became more intimate. They were licking each others' skin and rubbing themselves in their clits. Obviously, they weren't aware of Sam being in the bushes with a perfect vantage point to see the whole act. His dick had already grown so hard, it looked as though it was about burst through his pants. Finally, his horniness overcame him and he unzipped them and pulled down his underwear. Terraline and Aquaral were going at it hot and heavy, Terraline being on her knees and licking Aquaral's pussy while she was standing with her legs spread. Sam started to jerk off, not being able to take his eyes off of the two. Suddenly Aquaral, moaning with pleasure, looked his way, her eyes wide open.

"Terraline," she said somewhat scared, "the bushes."

She pointed at Sam's face. Terraline looked with less fear than her and made a hand gesture towards the bushes. Reacting too quickly to have time to pull up his pants again, Sam got up, turned around and started running, but suddenly tripped and landed right on his balls, a brief surge of pain running through him. Some vines on the ground appeared to have wrapped themselves around his ankles and were pulling him towards the pond, his front being dragged across the dirt and grass. When he was pulled onto the grass in front of the bushes, the vines let go off him and he turned around. Aquaral and Terraline looked at him excited, whispering and snickering like two school girls. Sam looked at his bare groin embarrassed and reached for his zipper fly when suddenly another vine flew out of the ground and whipped his hand.

"Ow," he exclaimed.

"Sorry," said Terraline, "but I just..."

She and Aquaral suddenly sat down on their knees in front of and inspected his dirt-covered dick carefully. They stroked it gently, occasionally whispering to each other.

"Could this be..."

"Yes, it really is."

Sam was confused by the whole situation, but since he hadn't had sex in months, he really didn't care that much. Eventually, the two women stood up and Terraline extended a helping hand. Sam zipped up his pants again and grabbed it. She and Aquaral helped him get up.

"Sorry about the vines," Terraline said. "It was a pure reflex, I didn't mean to hurt you."

Sam, who was surprised that they were apologising to him said:

"I'm sorry for watching you two, well-"

"Forget about that," Aquaral said assuring. "Are you tired?"

"Very, thank you for asking, but why-"

The two of them suddenly started undressing him.

"What the he-"

"Relax," said Aquaral. "You're tired, you've probably been walking a long time, you need to rest and get cleaned up."

Sam was now topless. The two proceeded to remove everything but his underwear. They seemed to stop to savor the moment.

"I can't believe this is real," Aquaral said excited.

"Not half as much as I," said Sam.

They pulled down his underwear. His rock-hard dick popped out, causing Terraline and Aquaral to gasp with joy.

"Come here," Terraline said and the two led him to the water. Sam didn't really feel like resisting and put in his toe. The water was cool, yet not cold. From there, he slid down, feeling refreshed almost instantly. He felt a perfectly flat and smooth rock below him and sat down on it. There appeared to be a whole stone bench below the surface, not unlike a jacuzzi. Terraline went into the water as well and sat down next to him, the sensation of her skin touching his causing him to produce a drop of precum. Aquaral dove into the middle of the pond with the grace of an Olympic gymnast, swam up to Sam and sat down on his free side. Their constant attention made him feel both incredibly excited and at the same time a bit scared. Their eyes kept glancing at his groin.

"Did you do this for a reason," he asked.

"We'll get there," said Terraline. "What brought you out here, anyway?"

"I was travelling. I often do that out here, but today I took a different route and lost the map."

"Do you have to be back at some specific time," asked Aquaral. "Any girlfriend or wife waiting for you?"

"No, nobody, but I'd like to get back before it gets dark."

Terraline and Aquaral looked at each other gleefully.

"Look," said Terraline, "since you have some time to spare we have a favour to ask you."

"Okay..."

"You see," said Aquaral, "we haven't had a man here for years, human or otherwise."

"Then what are you two?"

"I'm a naiad, Terraline here is a dryad."

"Dryad? Naiad?"

"A dryad is an earth nymph and a naiad is a water nymph. Long explanation, but anyway..."

"All polite language aside," said Aquaral, "We haven't had a nice, big cock within miles of our habitat in a long time, so we were wondering..."

"If you could fuck us, right here and now," said Terraline with a lot of eagerness in her voice while Aquaral was stroking Sam's dick under the water.

Sam considered the seriousness of their proposition.

"I'm sorry?"

"You heard us. We want you to fuck us. Right now."

"We're not expecting you to be at peak stamina, since you've been hiking and is a bit unprepared, but the water here should bring some of your strength back."

"You're really serious about this?"

The two moved closer to him, their erect nipples stroking his arms and their hands stroking his cock.

"Absolutely," they said in unison.

Sam looked into their eyes and saw nothing but excitement. When he still showed some signs of doubt, Terraline sat on his lap, her tits being pressed against his chest, and gave him a long, deep tongue kiss, her tongue exploring every part of his mouth.

"Pretty please," she whispered sensually, her clit rubbing lightly against the shaft of his cock. Sam responded by grabbing her ass cheeks and kissing her back. Terraline grinned with delight.

"We knew you'd agree."

Aquaral submerged and started sucking Sam's cock below the water.

"Oh, God," he exclaimed. "God, that feels good."

Terraline laughed delighted and sat astraddle on Sam's lap, her knees on the rock bench and her tits in almost perfect level with his face so he could suck on her nipples.

"Good boy," she whispered. "That feels very good. Can't wait for you to put your cock in my pussy. It's making me wet already."

"How's your friend, by the way? She's been down there a while."

"Can you blame her? You've got a huge cock, remember? Don't worry about Aquaral, she can breathe underwater."

Aquaral got out of the water.

"That tasted really fucking good," she said, "but I want to be really fucked now."

Terraline moved aside, allowing her to sit astraddle on Sam.

"Here it comes," she said eagerly, her hand being underwater, positioning his cock so she could fuck it. Suddenly she threw her head back and moaned along with Sam. His cock was stroking her pussy, just at the opening.

"FUCK," she said, "I've missed this so much."

Lubricated by the water, it entered her. When it did, her eyes opened up wide and she screamed lustfully.

"That feels so good!"

She started bouncing up and down, her tits smacking the surface of the water with each hump and the cock repeatedly filling every available inch of her pussy. Terraline's right hand was under the water, rubbing her clit, and the other was stroking her tits and bringing the nipples to her lips so she could lick them.

"By the way," she said to Sam, "we didn't catch your name."

"Sam," he replied quickly without taking his eyes off of Aquaral's face. He could tell that she was loving every second of it.

"Tell me something, Sam," Terraline said, "do you want to get out of the water?"

Aquaral gradually slowed down before stopping fully.

"Well," she said expectantly, "I guess it's your turn."

She got off Sam's cock, up on the shore and, together with Terraline, helped Sam out of the water. She then made a quick hand gesture which apparently caused all the water on their bodies to evaporate instantly. Terraline then made a gesture towards the lawn, and from nowhere, a leaf the size of a king-size bed shot out of the ground and laid down on the ground. The nymphs led Sam to it by the hands and laid him down. His dick was standing right up into the air. The two sat down next to him and started stroking it. Terraline asked lustfully:

"You still want to let me have a go at it first?"

"You bet. I love watching you get fucked."

Terraline laughed, sat astraddle on Sam, positioning his cock towards her dripping wet pussy. Finally, it slid in, causing her to gasp:

"Oh, YES!"

She leaned forward and gave Sam a long tongue kiss. The feeling of her huge, soft tits rubbing against his chest as she fucked him made him even harder.

"It's even better than I remember it," she told Aquaral who was rubbing her clit, squeezing her tits and stroking Terraline's back and ass cheeks.

"That's it. Good girl. Fuck him nicely, now," she kept whispering in her ear. Finally, Terraline placed her arms and knees on the leaf and started moving faster. Sam could tell she was trying very hard not to come.

"I want to come," she yelped to Aquaral. "Now."

"It's okay, dearest," she replied. "You can rest up a while."

Suddenly, Terraline opened her eyes and mouth wide and screamed with pleasure as her pussy muscles tightened.

"Oh, FUCK ME!"

Exhausted, she got off and lay down next to Sam as her orgasm faded away.

"That felt so good," she moaned. Aquaral stroked her breasts.

"My turn now. Do you think you can handle it, Sam?"

"You bet your ass."

Aquaral laughed and made a hand gesture towards Terraline who smiled and moved to the middle of the leaf. She then lay on top of her, face-to-face, so their nipples lay right on top of each other. She turned around and told Sam:

"Now. Fuck me hard."

Entering her pussy was easy, since hers had already been stretched out to fit Sam's cock.

"You like it," he asked as it slid in and out and she was moved back and forward with each thrust, her sweat-glistening body rubbing against Terraline's.

"Fuck, yes," she answered and turned to Terraline.

"Do you, dearest?"

"Yes," she moaned, "I love this."

The two made out as Sam kept fucking Aquaral, their moaning muffled by each others' lips. Finally, their mouths broke their contact as Aquaral raised her body and moaned louder and louder, suddenly having an explosive orgasm:

"Oh, YES!"

She collapsed on top of Terraline who stroked her back and ass as Sam slowed down his thrusting, riding out her orgasm.

"Sam," she asked, "think you can take me one more time?"

"Do I get to pick position?"

"If you like."

"Get down on all fours."

Terraline smiled as Aquaral got off her and she got ready for getting fucked doggy-style. Aquaral lay down in front of her, legs spread and her clit fully exposed.

"Do you plan on coming anytime soon," Terraline asked Sam as she wiggled her ass to turn him on. Jerking off and covering his cock in precum, Sam asked:

"How much more can you two take?"

"I'll lick Aquaral. You keep going as long as you can now. Let me know when you're about to come and we'll all come together. Aquaral doesn't like cum anyway."

"Do you?"

"Oh," said Terraline, rubbing her clit, "I love feeling a man's hot load fill me up inside. Now get fucking."

She assumed the position, both of her holes exposed. When Sam saw them, a thought crossed his mind. Somehow, Terraline was apparently able to hear it as if he'd said it out loud. She turned to him, grinning gleefully.

"Now, why didn't I think of that?"

"Think of what," Sam asked nervously.

"Don't lie to me, Sam. You want to fuck my asshole. I'd like that. I'd like that very much."

She turned to Aquaral.

"We need lube. And lots of it."

Terraline got down again. Aquaral got on her knees next to Terraline's butt. She made movements with her mouth, like she was using mouth wash. Suddenly, she opened her mouth over Terraline's asshole and a thick, clear, saliva-like fluid poured out. She rubbed it around her sphincter before inserting two fingers and smearing it around inside her anus.

"Your turn," she said and started sucking Sam's cock. Something was different about this time, her mouth was slippier inside and she sucked slower and more thoroughly. When she stopped, Sam's cock was covered in the same fluid and glistening.

"What is this?"

"A water-based lube I can secrete. I haven't used it a while, but I haven't lost the touch."

She lay down in front of Terraline again. Her pussy was so wet, it was impossible to see whether it was the lube or her own juices, and her face rested on its right cheek on the leaf.

"Now," she begged, "FUCK ME!"

Sam placed the tip of his cock just at Terraline's sphincter, sending shivers down her spine. When he pushed it in a bit, she gasped. He pulled it out again, and then pushed it further in. Terraline felt a surge of pleasant pain throughout her body and licked Aquaral more aggressively and started fingering her in order to take out her excitement. By the third thrust, she felt like her ass was going to burst. And she loved it. Even though her asshole was now a wide crater, its tightness didn't go down one bit. Sam kept thrusting, all three of them rapidly approaching a gigantic orgasm.

"Oh, yeah," Terraline yelped, "Yes, that feels so good."

Suddenly, she felt her pussy tightening and surge of pleasure building up inside her.

"I'm gonna come," she shouted as she started pummelling Aquaral's pussy even faster and harder. Sam started fucking her faster as all three of them were letting go off all inhibitions and preparing to climax. Suddenly, Aquaral started moaning loudly before she made a quick scream of pleasure.

"Oh, NOW!"

A stream of her pussy juices squirted out of it and onto Terraline's face. This apparently turned her on even more, because she then turned to Sam and asked:

"You ready?"

"When you are."

He started thrusting faster and faster until finally the two screamed out, a sudden flow of pleasure filling up their bodies, Terraline's pussy muscles retracted and a large load of cum shot through Sam's cock and into Terraline's ass, filling her up inside. Sam then slowed down as his load kept being squirted out and the two were riding out the climax. Terraline, Aquaral and Sam then all collapsed onto the leaf, every muscle in their bodies feeling like jelly. The two nymphs lay resting on Sam's chest, all of their bodies glistening with sweat, Sam's cock covered in cum and pussy juices and Terraline's sore asshole leaking cum.

"That," panted Terraline, "felt fantastic."

"No shit," said Sam.

"Thank you," said Aquaral. "We haven't been fucked like that in a long time."

"It's been decades since I took it in my butt," said Terraline. "Next time is your turn, Aquaral."

Aquaral laughed.

"Already looking forward to it."

"Speaking of the future," said Sam, "what happens now?"

"We know the way from here to a local hiking path. You should be able to find your way back from there."

"Much appreciated. Will we meet again?"

"We might," said Terraline and positioned her face above Sam's. "If we need you, we'll let you know."

Suddenly, she exhaled some bluish gas from her mouth into Sam's face. Its effects immediately intoxicating, everything suddenly went black before his eyes and the nymphs' voices became distant...

Sam later woke up fully dressed on a park bench about half a mile from his hometown, his gear and backpack lying next to him. He wondered whether what just happened was real, two gorgeous nymphs appearing from nowhere and having wild sex with him. He figured he had gotten to the bench, exhausted from his hiking and took a nap and then woke up until he checked his pockets and found a strain of blonde and blue hair and one of brown and green hair. He looked into the woods, all of its trees blocking all sight, and chuckled to himself.