 This story is a continuation of "The Cure for Gwn's Sex Problem" and a Science Fiction Fantasy. Hopefully, someone with a vivid imagination will ask 'could this actually happen?' 

*

Prelude and Farewell

As Gwn Taylor and her good friend Jeni Arthur were leaving the banquet honoring 'The Dutchman' Gwn leaned over and said, "I can't believe how far we've come in the last couple of years. I hate to see him go. I guess it was inevitable. All good things come to an end too soon. Two years ago, we were a couple of single old broads wondering if we'd ever have sex again and look at us now. We've probably experienced the most incredible sex one can imagine. Oh, by the way, how do these new ear rings look?"

Beaming with their new ear rings and new surprise gift packages Jeni commented. "They look incredible. As beautiful as they are, It's not so much 'how they look' but 'what they represent'. Just look at these babies," exclaimed Jeni; "a half karat diamond engraved into an intricate detail of a 'Hangman's Knot'." We earned this. Just think, we would never have experienced anything like this had we not started this program at The Psychological Health Center. We've probably experienced something few women have ever thought possible. You might say we have become connoisseurs of the fine art of sex."

As they approached the end of the reception line, they were surprised and startled by what they saw swinging from the ear lobes of The Dutchman's daughter; the same matching set of ear rings. The 'Hangman's Knot' design was the same as the pair, they had just received. A knowing smile radiated from his daughter's face. For Gwn and Jeni, this explained some of the reasons The Dutchman had taken a position with the graduate school at the New Life University. Rumors were that he was going to participate in a program of reproducing the unusual physical characteristics he possessed. And too their complete surprise, they wondered: how was his daughter involved?

But, that's another story!

Chapter 1

Discovery

The last two years had passed too quickly, as Gwn began a journey of discovery after a heart-wrenching divorce. Succumbing to Jeni's insistent pleas, Gwn finally contacted the Psychological Health Center (PHC) in search of help for a raging sex drive. She became aware of a growing hunger to satisfy the strong sexual feelings she possessed. 

She and her ex-husband had developed and enjoyed a fulfilling and wholesome sex life before their problems emerged. At an age of 39, she was in her sexual prime. Beside that, it didn't hurt that she was one of the most beautiful women in town and would have no problem developing a new love interest.

The discovery of her husband's affair came as a devastating shock. After the divorce and over an extended period of abstinence, Gwn realized that she had to find a way to cope with her pent-up desires. It was driving her mad. She couldn't sleep at night. 

Conversely, she wasn't ready for a committed relationship nor could she imagine her sex life taking on a series of one night stands. She wanted to move on and forget the past. Repressing her sex needs turned her into a basket of nerves and began to interfere with a normal functioning life. Too much baggage would be created if she invested time in a new relationship. Her children weren't ready either. She knew she had to find a solution for the frustration and emptiness. 

Gwn began to share her thoughts with Jeni, her next door neighbor, who was in her late fifty's and had been widowed for over ten years. She lost her husband in an automobile accident.

Both of them had depended upon the other for support in times of need. Jeni listened, consoled and nurtured Gwn through her difficult times even though their ages were a generation apart. With Jeni's help Gwn discovered the therapy program developed by the PHC. The program was created to help normal sexually active people deal with the sudden loss of a sex partner. 

Suddenly the phone rang in Gwn's home at about 9:00 a.m. which was the normal time Jeni usually called too chat. She could tell that something was a little different in the tone of her voice.

"Jeni, Is there something wrong?" Gwn knew that Jeni had a therapy session yesterday with one of the new male volunteers.

"Except for a little physical damage, I'm doing great," Jeni replied, "but I do have something I want to talk with you about. It was the most extraordinary experience I have ever had in my life and this phone conversation can't begin to tell the story. If you make a pot of coffee, I'll be over in about an hour. I'll stop at Hardees' and get us couple of bacon and egg biscuits. Then, I'll explain the whole thing."

"Come on, you've got my curiosity up. Can't you at least give me a hint," begged Gwn. 

"Let's just say it involved the therapy session yesterday. I'm just not moving too swiftly right now. I can't tell you anything else and as I stand here and think about it, I can hardly believe it took place."

"You weren't abused were you," asked Gwn?

"Oh yes I was abused, but I didn't mind," laughed Jeni. "But that's all I'm going to tell you on the phone. I'll be over in an hour."

Promptly at 10:00 am, Jeni slowly waddled into the kitchen and placed the ham biscuits on the counter while Gwn poured the coffee. She then very carefully and gingerly seated herself at the bar. "Oh, I've got to be careful. That thing's a bit sore this morning."

Gwn took a look at Jeni and exclaimed "WOW, what has happened to you. I've never seen you with your hair messed up like that, no makeup and with such a peaceful look on your face. That must have been a hell of a session."

"Oh, believe me, it was. I hate to be so descriptive, but you should see my pussy," replied Jeni. I'm wearing a protective pad down there and still leaking. There may be some slight bleeding the way he tore into me. I don't know if I'll ever be the same again." 

"Tell me the truth Jeni, are you hurt. I can take you to the Doctor if you need to see one."

"Gwn, I've already seen the 'feel-good' Doctor and there's no cure for this except rest. It may take a couple of weeks," replied a smiling Jeni after taking a sip of coffee.

"Will you quit beating around the bush and tell me what the hell is going on," Gwn implored.

"Let's just say that I was a victim of the Dutchman's knot yesterday."

"You still have not told me anything. Who in the hell is the Dutchman and what are you talking about," asked Gwn?

Jeni continued the tease and with a little cheeky grin said, "Well honey you'd better get yourself ready because I've made you an appointment with Dutch next month." 

"You're not messing up my session with Rock tomorrow are you," asked Gwn? "You know I'm horny as hell and looking forward to that one as much as you have bragged about him."

"No, I'm talking about next month's appointment. I've already gotten you scheduled. If you change your mind you can cancel out anytime you want. But, if you're brave enough to go through with it, the reward will be nothing like you've ever experienced. You'll get enough to last you a couple of months."

"Dammit Jeni, quit leading me on like this and tell me what this is all about. You know you shouldn't challenge me like that. How can I be sure he doesn't have some kind of disease? What kind of insensitive man would leave you that way?" 

"Oh, you're always the worrier," replied Jeni. "You know he's checked out thoroughly for any physical problems by PHC. I will say though that it could be a habit forming disease and very addictive."

"And who the hell is this 'Dutch' man, is he some kind of freak," asked Gwn for the second time?

'Dutch' is a nickname PHC has given to Grant Landers. He moved to the US during the past year. He may be considered some kind of freak but you'll never know it until the last minute. It turns out that he lost his wife in an automobile accident three years ago and has been quite depressed in dealing with the situation. I can empathize with him on that issue. It is ironic that both of us are single for that reason alone.

"I imagine the two of you found a lot in common," Gwn responded.

"Yes, and now he has come to the US to escape some of the memories and to get away from the harassment he's been getting from other women in the Netherlands. It turns out that his genetic mutation was written up in a scientific journal several years ago and he's somewhat of a celebrity in his own country. His kids decided to get away from all the tabloid gossip there and study here in the US. His condition is another reason that his Doctors' felt it would be better to spend some time in the US.

"Mutation...What the hell is that," Gwn asked? Does he have other relatives here in America?"

"Other than his kids, I don't think so. As I said before, his son's at NWU and his daughter is at UM. He's very close to his daughter."

"How old is he and for what reason is he involved with The Health Center," inquired Gwn?

Jeni responded, He's in his mid to late forties and suffers from a rare condition known as a phase III post basal penile enlargement syndrome. I was told that it is a mutation of the 'X' sex gene and was passed on from his mother. It didn't manifest itself until his mid-thirties. Up until that time, he functioned like any normal man."

"What changed and do they know how it changed," Gwn asked?

'It's something about his genetic code. The condition carries with it an oversized prostate and Cowpers glands that are twice the size of a normal man. His balls are a slightly bigger than the average mans but it's hardly noticeable until they fill up from arousal. His doctors in The Netherlands recommended he see Dr. Luck at PHC as means of dealing with the psychological aspects of the condition, particularly, so soon after losing his wife. Obviously, he and his wife had adjusted to his condition quite well. 

"I'm still not quite sure I understand all this. Can he have sex? Obviously he can if he has two children," Gwn commented with a puzzled look on her face. 

"Oh believe me can he ever have sex," exclaimed Jeni. "But it leaves him extremely exhausted for a couple of weeks if he and his partner go for the knotting. His condition was well known in The Netherlands." 

"I must ask again, what is this phase III post basal penile enlargement condition," Gwn inquired further. "It sounds weird. He's not some kind of freak is he?"

"At first I thought the same thing. What I'm about to tell you started with idle conversations I'd heard around the clinic. Some of the older women were telling horror stories and some were raving about this man's sex prowess, especially Sadie. In one of my counseling sessions with Dr. Luck, I came right out and asked him about this man called Dutch." 

"And what did he say," asked Gwn?

Jeni continued, "Instead of answering that question directly, he peered into my file and as if finding some secret, he merely stated, 'Ah Ha', you may be a candidate'. Then he read from some of my early interviews that I had reported that during sex I seem to be very much in touch with the feelings inside my vagina. Just to let you know how naïve I was, I found out that my husband was quite large for a man. I never knew until Dr. Luck explained the normal size of the average male to me. Anyway, I loved the fullness I would feel. I also told him how my husband would slowly initiate short strokes and then increase the depth of penetration until my vagina would stretch to accommodate full penetration. He was a master at it and I still miss him dearly." 

Gwn handed Jeni a Kleenex as tears welled up in her eyes, then commented, "I feel that I'm missing something here. What has this got to do with Mr. Landers? Does he have a large penis? And what's this 'knotting' business and just what kind of a man is he outside the sex department?"

Jeni laughed at Gwn's constant stream of questions and replied, "Just be patient, I'm getting to that. It's a long story. Don't worry, if you decide to go through with this you will get more technical information than you can imagine from Dr. Luck's staff. One would almost believe that a condition like Dutch's would be physically impossible. Believe me, it's real. And by the way, you'll need to call the clinic next week and either confirm or cancel the appointment. There is a long waiting list of women wanting to try on the Dutchman."

"Why haven't I heard about this man? It seems like all of the other women have. He may not even like me," said Gwn.

"Oh, don't worry; with those long legs of yours, he'll have no problem being turned on. He mentioned that his wife was very tall and that turned him on immensely, PHC had only paired him up with post-menopausal women before now. He requested someone more his age and that's why you were chosen. It seems that he is so virile that the normal woman on birth control medication cannot be guaranteed protection. There's something about his sperm having the 'strength of motility' to easily swim up into the ovaries and impregnate a woman."

"That's all I need to hear. I'm out of here. They can leave me out of that experiment. I can't risk getting pregnant regardless of his enhanced masculine ability."

Jeni laughingly responded, "Don't worry Gwn, they have thought of all that. In fact Dr. Luck was the one who asked me if you might be interested. They are looking for a pre-menopausal woman to continue their research. Anyway, you have told me that you still miss the size of your ex husband and I thought on that basis alone that you might be interested. Size is something the Dutchman will make you forget about although you would never know it to look at his penis in the flaccid state."

"Now, we're getting to the good stuff," Gwn innocently commented. "Please continue because I have no idea of what you're talking about."

"In the flaccid state he's about six inches long and looks no different than any other average man. That is until I started giving him oral. He grew about an inch longer and the head of his penis seemed a little more bulbous than what I would consider normal but nothing out of the ordinary. The thing that I did notice was that he seemed to produce more pre-lubrication than anyone else I had been with. I thought 'no-problem' I can deal with that. In fact Dr. Luck's staff told me I could expect some increase in pre-cum. Then the real surprises began to show."

"What do you mean," asked Gwn? 

"First, I noticed a slight warming inside my mouth and then, all of a sudden, my sex drive went into high gear. I immediately went 'deep throat' on him. I had never done that ever before. It seems that I was driven to do it. It was so easy with all that pre-lubrication. The taste was even better if you can imagine such a thing."

"I think I'm changing my mind," exclaimed Gwn.

"I've just begun. It gets even better. As I was holding the base of his cock I felt a series of muscled ridges surrounding his cock just in front of his balls. They were folded together like an accordion. That seemed strange. I looked up at him and asked, what's that?"

He just looked down at me in a sweet expression and said, "That's my problem."

"Stupidly I said something like...'doesn't look like a problem to me'." In fact I also noticed a cluster of pimples like those around a woman's nipples around the base of his cock covering the back half of that 'folded ridge' area. It turns out that those innocent looking pimples are part of a system that is the most diabolical biological sex organ present in man. Well at least one man." 

"What about those folded ridges and bumps," asked Gwn, "did it feel different when you were actually having intercourse?"

I didn't notice anything different when we started, but when we got to that stage of fucking just before his orgasm; all hell broke loose. But I'm getting ahead of the story. In Sadie's pre-briefing she told me that Dutch's cock had this ability to enlarge three to four times the size of the shaft at the base of his cock. They even drew me a diagram of the shape it would take and how we would be locked together before it went down. The sketch of his penis looked like a rocket with a booster section in the back. It looked like his dick had swallowed a large light bulb if you could imagine such a thing. I looked at the sketch and imagined it to be almost the size of a baby's head. It was incredible. I could not get it out of my mind. Somehow, I had to find out what it was all about. 

"That sounds like a dog's penis to me," Gwn said. 

"I don't like the analogy but I can see how you might conclude that. They tell me at the clinic that the biological mechanism is much more sophisticated and works completely different. But if you decide to let him 'knot' you then you are hung up for at least a half hour or more after a high intensity orgasm. I can now confirm that my dear." 

"You mean you're 'hooked up' with him for another 30 minutes. What if he's someone with a bad personality, bad breath or body odor," Gwn asked?

Jeni laughed at Gwn's anticipated fears and teased further, "You mean after the fun is gone. You'll just have to grin and bare it. Don't worry, a woman can put up with anything just to experience sex like that. I will ease your mind though and tell you that Dutch is a sweet and handsome and gentle man and you will be quite comfortable with him in your post orgasmic period. He's tall and somewhat shy, nice to look at and is a great conversationalist. Best conversation I ever had with a man, believe me."

"Keep on...tell me about this 'knot' thing," Gwn urged.

"OK...I'm getting there," Jeni replied. When he put it in, it felt no different than any other man. But in a short period of time I began to feel a warming sensation spread throughout my vagina, particularly deep within. That's an area that under normal circumstances a woman does not feel too much. In the pre-briefing they told me this would happen. It turned out that unlike a normal man the pre-coital lubrication is filled with testosterone and other hormones that turn the entire area into burning passion. The feelings are sensational. I could begin to squeeze every muscle in my vagina as if I had fingers surrounding the inner channel. My uterus became super sensitive. I could feel it open and close. I could literally feel every vein on his cock. It was an awesome feeling. It turns out after he put it in; the rest of my body became a slave to this pleasure."

"What about the 'knot'," Gwn impatiently asked?

"I'm coming to that. Well he started stroking me real slow. I can almost feel it now. Then I noticed that the head of his cock started to expand and contract in a pulsing-like fashion. Now that felt neat. It was all I could do at this point to keep from coming. I remember Dutch looking down into my eyes and saying, 'don't hold back, if you need too, go ahead and come'. And when he said that I felt one of those surges from his cock head and I couldn't hold it any longer. I exploded. Well, I thought that he would come and that would be it and we'd be through. I could have let that be the end and been completely satisfied for another couple of weeks."

"What about the 'knot'," Gwn asked again?

Jeni teasingly toyed with Gwn's patience. "From that moment I began to realize that he was just getting started. Oh, you want to know about the 'knot'. Well, after I flailed through that first orgasm, I began to realize that Dutch had not fully bottomed out in my pussy. I started to feel this enlarged swollen area at the base of his cock and it really felt good. When I looked down, I could not believe the size of that thing. It was shaped like a pear...sloping on the front end and steeply rounded on the back." 

"I'm starting to like this story. It's kinda making me hot now," Gwn responded with a flushed face.
