 Your travels have taken you to a small, quaint village in a remote province. Upon locating the inn where you would be spending the night, you smile. The online brochure did no justice in depicting the glorious splendor of this Victorian era building. You ascend the old wooden steps to your room on the second floor. When you enter, you are quite taken by the vintage furnishings, including the four-poster bed, which faces French doors leading to the balcony. Opening the doors, you step out onto the balcony and deeply breath in the fresh air. Looking out, you admire the view of the sun setting on the hills in the distance. Immediately behind the Inn, you spy an open field leading to a dark and seemingly mysterious forest. One final warm ray of setting sun dances across the field and disappears into the forest. You begin to turn back toward your room when you feel a tiny tingle run down your spine. Looking back toward the field and forest, you can see nothing but flickering shadows.

Exhausted from your trip, you wash up and change for bed. Being an unusually warm night, you decide to just wear a t-shirt. Lying in bed, you realize that sleep is not coming as quickly as you would like. You need to relax, somehow. 'I could really use a good orgasm right now. That would relax me,' you laugh to yourself. Hmmmm....you ponder, as then you begin to caress your breasts with your left hand, bringing each nipple to attention. Your right hand begins to massage your vagina by running your fingers over your silk panties. Soon, your panties are soaking wet and your pussy is aching for the touch of your fingers. Slipping off your panties, you continue to stroke yourself, delighting in the slippery slickness. Fingering your clit faster and faster while sliding a finger deep inside, your heart races and you arch your back in eager anticipation of your orgasm. You shudder and clamp your legs around your hand as you gasp for air, not wanting to cry out lest the other guests hear you. Once you have caught your breath, you pull the covers around you and drift off into a blissful slumber.

BAM BAM BAM!!! You are startled awake by the French doors blowing open and crashing against the wall. It is 3 AM. Getting up to close and latch the doors, you find yourself drawn to the balcony. 'Must be a storm brewing,' you think. The wind has really picked up. You find it an odd sort of wind. It is both cool, yet surprisingly warm at the same time. Then you notice that there isn't a cloud in the moonlit sky. The field glows in the moonlight. You are about to head back inside when you hear a distant howling. The wind? Looking past the field toward the darkened forest, you see a mysterious fog forming. Suddenly, you are struck by another forceful gust of wind. It nearly knocks you off your feet and back into your room.

You know that you should go back inside and back to sleep, but you cannot take your eyes off the fog. Something deep inside you is drawn to it. You feel an inner heat, a burning desire. WHY??? Going against all of your instincts, you run back into your room and burst out into the hallway, frantically heading for the stairs. As you near the bottom step, you remember that you are only wearing a t-shirt (and of course, never put your panties back on). At this point, the burning inside of you is so strong that nothing matters. Pulling your shirt down a little, you run out the back door and into the field - feeling the cool, dew covered grass under your bare feet. You begin to run faster and faster toward the fog when you realize that the wind seems to be pushing you toward the mysterious fog. Suddenly you stop.

"What the hell am I doing!?" you ask out loud. Then you hear the howling again. It is much closer this time. Looking at the fog, you notice that it is different from any fog you have seen before. Instead of simply hovering above the ground, it seems to be moving....as if it were alive. Gasping, you realize that not only is it moving, but also it is moving very quickly TOWARD YOU! Turning, you nearly stumble as you begin to run back toward the inn. You are able to take a few strides when the wind begins to push against you, slowing and then eventually stopping your escape. Terror begins to grip you as you see the fog gaining on you and the howling grows louder as the distance between you and the fog diminishes.

It is as if the wind holds you captive. You try to move, but cannot. The wind begins to swirl around you faster and faster. It is at that moment when you begin to experience the strangest sensation. The terror you felt moments earlier begins to melt away and you begin to feel an odd sense of comfort. You then realize that your feet can no longer feel the damp ground. Looking down, you utter a small scream because the wind had lifted you up and is now carrying you toward the approaching fog. Your shirt begins to flap in the wind as you feel the breeze billow underneath the fabric and dance across your stomach and breasts. You feel a shiver run down your spine and your nipples begin to harden.

The wind continues to carry you (now almost parallel to the ground below) while swirling around every inch of your skin. You begin to accept the sensations you are now feeling all over your body. Goosebumps form on every centimeter of your flesh. Your breasts begin to swell and your nipples stand erect. The fog is now ten meters from you and the howling is adding to the burning so deep inside you that you eagerly wait for whatever is to happen next. You feel your heart racing as the wind sends a pulsating ripple beginning at your feet and moving up your legs toward your stomach and across your breasts. You reach your arms out above your head. Just then, a quick gust peels your shirt right over your head and arms. Looking back, you see it flying behind you as it lightly drifts back to the ground.

Suddenly, your feet feel damp as you begin to enter the fog. The wind continues to hold you up, but you are no longer being carried. Instead the fog begins to surround your entire body. This fog is damp, but is also very warm. It feels like it is part liquid and part solid and moves like a living being. You notice that it feels as if dozens of hands are caressing your body all at once. Lying, floating, you close your eyes with arms open wide as you accept the sensations. The "hands" explore and caress your face, neck, shoulders, arms, legs, stomach and breasts. Up until now, your legs have remained together. As you feel the fog caress your jaw, throat and neck, you feel an electrical spark run down your spine. The fog continues to caress and "lick" your nipples and breasts. It even seems to be kneading your swollen breasts. At the same time, the fog is "kissing", caressing and licking your stomach. It also begins to knead the cheeks of your ass and continues to lap at your thighs. Trembling, you slowly spread your legs, a little at first. The fog swirls up and over your labia, gently teasing and "licking" each lip. You cannot resist but to spread your legs wider as you feel yourself becoming engorged and droplets of your juices run down to your ass.

You feel the fog on every centimeter of your body. Then, you feel it moving up your cheek toward your lips. You crave the fog. You must taste it. Slowly you open your lips and the fog enters your mouth. You notice that it has filled your mouth and feels so solid, yet you do not choke. It tastes like sweet nectar as you inhale deeper – craving it even more. The fog begins to throb inside your mouth. You then gasp when you feel your clit being "sucked" by the fog. The fog is swirling around your erect clitoris and pulsating the same way the fog has begun to pulsate around the rest of your body.

When you begin to gyrate your hips up and down, rubbing and pushing your swollen clit against it, you feel the fog gently pressing at your gaping vagina - begging to enter. At first, you barely feel it slide in. Then it begins to expand deep inside of you. The throbbing inside your pussy equals the throbbing inside your mouth. You arch your back and begin to thrust your hips wildly as you feel an orgasm building. The fog begins to slowly pull out. You try to grip it with your contracting muscles, but cannot. "NO!" you scream. As if hearing your pleas, the fog quickly re-enters with a thrust that causes you to momentarily lose your breath as you cum for the first time. The fog stops moving momentarily, then slowly begins to pulsate in and around you. You feel its thickness sliding in and out of you in steady but quickening rhythm.

You begin to buck your hips in order to keep up with the fog's rhythm, while your body writhes above the ground – floating higher and higher. All the while, you feel the constant caresses on every part of your body. Your breasts are more swollen than ever and your nipples are so erect that they feel like they will burst. Your clit begins to vibrate and the fog continues to pulse around it while fucking you deeper than you have ever been fucked before. Waves of what feels like one continuous orgasm sweep your body. Inside you, the fog seems to fill every crevice and stimulates every single nerve. The fog in your mouth has slipped so far down your throat that you expect to feel a gag sensation, but do not. You continue to taste the intoxicating nectar and breathe it deeply through your nostrils, sensing its enticing aroma. Your entire body begins to throb with the fog. The howling is almost deafening, causing your deepest passions to burn with desire. You can hardly breathe because of the inferno of lust you feel. Feeling your heart pound beneath your breast, you fuck the fog faster and harder as it envelopes and devours you. Then you feel it. At first there is a tingling beginning at your toes, followed by an electrical charge running up your spine. Inhaling deeply, you experience a shuddering vibration that travels up your legs, enters your fog-filled contracting vagina and radiates out from deep inside you to affect every millimeter of your body. You cry out violently, but are unable to produce a sound. Shuddering and shaking uncontrollably, you feel a gush of liquid shooting out of your throbbing vagina as your contractions peak and your entire body stiffens.

Finally, your screams of ecstasy can be heard echoing in the hills. Panting and soaking wet, the wind gently lowers you to the soft grass. The fog hovers over you. You gasp and twitch as the fog gives a final "lick" to your still pulsing labia. Then the fog "kisses" your lips deeply (giving you one last taste) and caresses your jaw before slipping away. Still trying to catch your breath, you feel the first rays of the sunrise bring a warm glow to your glistening nude body. Realizing that you had better go find your shirt and get back inside before anyone else awakens, you struggle to your feet. Smiling and looking back toward the forest, you decide that maybe another night's stay might be in order. AROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!