 I felt his ejaculate seeping out of me in an almost endless stream, pooling beneath my ass. He and his friend had used me hard, they'd had me three times each before they left me alone.

I turned my head to the side as tears spilled down my cheeks and cum spilled from my throbbing vagina. My arms were going numb, back in their restraints, I couldn't even try to break free - if it was even possible, which it wasn't.

I laid there, sobbing, until I was so exhausted that all I could do was close my eyes and sleep.

When I awoke, I awoke to her again. She was standing over me, watching me with her violet eyes.

"How do you feel?"

I stared at her. I didn't want to concede to answering. But she waited, forcing me out of my silence with her own.

"Tired...terrible...please, please tell me why I am here?" I begged.

She smiled and stroked my cheek and said, "You are here because you are a good candidate."

"A good candidate for what?"

"You are to be our slave princess."

"Slave princess? What does that even mean?"

"It means that you will be used for our pleasure, cared for as a pet, as a very precious and obedient little pet. You will have a fine chamber, and men and women to service you, but you will be used by us."

"...Why me? And why am I still in these restraints if I am to have a fine chamber? This place is not fine, it is like a dungeon."

"You are undergoing routine preliminary evaluation."

"But for what? For what am I a candidate?"

"I cannot tell you that now."

"Won't you just let me go? I need to go home! I am not a toy!"

"You say that now, they all say it. But you will enjoy what you become."

"They all say it? How many more are there?"

"There have been many."

I looked at her incredulously. 

"Just let me go! Please!" I shouted.

And she started doing it again, grazing her fingertips along my breasts, down my tummy. I moaned, "No...please don't..."

She whispered, "You are here for us to use now, and you will obey. Wait, and you will not want to go back."

She kissed me, then walked to the end of the table, and stood before my spread legs. She removed the restraints, then climbed atop the table. Kneeling, she spread her legs and lifted my pelvis up so that my pussy met hers. She started gliding against me, moaning. 

"They were right," she said, "you feel magnificent."

I whimpered, "Please, please don't..."

But I couldn't deny the pleasure I was experiencing. Her soft, velvety, wet pussy kissing my own, her hands gripping my thighs...I could do nothing to stop wanting more.

Soon I felt a different sensation. I felt something growing inside of me, penetrating me as the others had penetrated me. She started thrusting inside me...she had a cock! I could see the silvery grey shaft as it pumped in and out of me.

"No! No! What is this?" I yelled. 

But she didn't respond. She stared at me intently as she thrusted faster and harder, my vagina throbbed as my head swam in utter confusion, and my moaning betrayed my conviction. I closed my eyes.

I felt something warm and wet rubbing against my clitoris, and opened my eyes to behold that it was her tongue. It was so long, almost snake-like! She flicked it against my clit as she fucked me with her cock and I could do nothing - nothing - to stop the wave of orgasm that was overcoming me. I exploded, my cum squirting all over her cock, hitting her tummy and her thighs, as she relentlessly ate and fucked me. She groaned in pleasure and satifaction. 

"You see, my little princess, you will come to enjoy our treatment of you," she grinned. Then, with one final thrust she ejaculated inside me, her hot, thick cum filled me to the point of overflowing.

I lay there, still quivering from my orgasm. She removed my restraints altogether, and took my hand and made me stand up. Cum streamed down my thighs, and for the first time I saw what it looked like: it was thicker than human cum, and had a pearly hue to it. I could smell it, it smelled sweet and I thought for a moment that I wanted to taste it, but banished that thought quickly from my head as I remembered myself.

"Come now with me, I will show you to your chamber."