 Author's note: This is a re-upload of the first chapter. The first time I wrote this chapter, I just threw it up to Literotica without any real care, and didn't do any editing. I figured now that I'm committed to making quality content, I should probably re-upload the first two chapters. Thanks a lot to everyone who has supported me, and rated my chapters so highly!

=============================================

General Kalman

=====

General Kalman Volk, brother to the King, looked out over the field after the battle. The broken spears and shields were solid black silhouettes against the dusk sky, bright red like blood on porcelain. Wispy clouds, dyed purple by the sinking sun, decorated the sky like the torn banners that flapped listlessly from the broken spears. The day had been won after a glorious day of battle, the general had led the troops personally, the godless barbarians fell beneath his great glaive by the droves, like so many stalks of wheat.

Not even a challenge, thought the general. His men stood around him, sitting astride his gigantic chestnut warhorse, looking up at him expectantly. The general was a giant of a man, with a messy red mane and a wide, spiky beard of the same color. He was the greatest martial talent ever produced by the realm, and was the one the King sent whenever he needed someone to get things done quickly. The Kaskarian barbarians to the west had been increasingly brazen with their raiding parties, and the King, now old and bedridden due to illness, sent his brother to the front as a show of force in order to secure the border quickly so as to avoid showing any weakness to their neighbors.

Not satisfied by the battle, the general's blood still roared in his veins, he turned his horse, leading his men back towards camp. He eagerly broke his horse into a canter, knowing what awaits him back at camp, but then slowed once he heard his tired troops groan as they had to run in order to keep up.

=================

Arriving back at the camp, the general dismounted his horse, and beelined towards his great tent. Barely paying attention to his page, who took his horse to be fed and watered, he strode into his tent, pushing away the heavy curtains that served as a doorway with a single sweep of his arm. The interior of the tent was dimly lit, a giant red rug lined the floor, with lion and tiger skins strewn about. Other than the rugs and skins, it was a relatively sparsely decorated tent, designed for comfort and ease of transportation. What caught the general's eye, however, was the sight of his favorite pleasure slave, Jani, fully naked save for an iron collar with three glistening topazes, and oiled with scented lavender from head to toe.

The slave was a petite blonde, presumably from some northern barbarian tribe, as her features aren't broad and sharp enough for her to be a Kaskarian. She kept her hair long, knowing her master liked to keep a tight grip on it while pounding her from behind. Delicate features, foxy eyes with dark eye-colors around them, making her look like a wanton slut. A small but well shaped nose, and a small, pouty mouth adorned her almond shaped face, which tapered to a small, pointed chin. She delighted in serving her master, and knew that he was especially savage with her when his blood was high after a day's battle. The general was indiscriminate with his usage of her holes, and she kept both of them well lubricated in anticipation of a hard fucking.

The general approached Jani, stripping off his light leather armor which he preferred for its superior comfort and maneuverability, and lowering his breeches to reveal his already hardening erection. Jani smiled, recognizing the familiar hunger and the hint of savagery in her master's eyes. She crawled slowly towards her master across the thick furs on the tent floor, arching her back, coming to a stop and kneeled with her face directly under her master's member, licking at his balls gently.

"Mmmm master, you taste so manly..." Jani cooed as she lapped with her tongue, tasting and smelling her master's scent.

Kalman closed his eyes, lifted his head towards the ceiling and groaned, enjoying his slave's loving ministrations. On a more leisurely day, he might've let her continue, and spent an hour or two enjoying a thorough blowjob; but unsatisfied with the day's battle, and with his blood still pounding through his veins, he needed to unleash his frustrations and the tension in his body.

The giant of a man growled and flipped his slave around, facing away from him and with her pert ass pointing up towards him. Jani squealed, a cute little sound that only served to inflame him further along with her fragrant lavender aroma. He fingered her pussy, noting how wet it was already, and then moved his fingers up to her pink, puckered asshole. With some surprise and amusement, he realized that she had lubricated her asshole in preparation as well.

Feeling his master's fingers around her rear entrance, Jani smiled, looking back at her master, she purred. "I made sure I'm ready for you, Master. Take any hole you like, pound your little fucktoy..."

Kalman smiled back. "Mmm... This is why you're my favorite little slave, Jani. You always know what I need..."

He tweaked her asshole with his thumb, then moved back down to her soaking wet cunt.

"Since you're always so considerate of me... I think... Just for today, I'll spare your little asshole."

"Aww...." Jani crooned, feigning disappointment, but breathed a sigh of relief on the inside. She had prepared herself beforehand, like she always have, but seeing the savage glint in her master's eyes when he walked into the tent, she had already regretted it. Although if Kalman had wanted her ass, there was nought she could do to stop him, and if he had decided on her rear hole, she knew she would not be able to walk the next day.

Kalman was well and truly impatient now, grabbed Jani's narrow but shapely hips as handholds, and plunged his cock to the hilt into her dripping cunt in one smooth motion. Jani howled in delight, gripping onto the furs with clawed hands. She felt her master's familiar hot throbbing cock deep inside her, triggering all her sensitive places, and saw stars in her vision with how hard her master pounded into her.

The general started pounding fast into Jani's cunt, enjoying the heat of her sopping wet tunnel, as well as the sound of her cute shrieks and squeals. The flames from the candle sconces around the tent flickered, lighting the room with a dark shade of ocre. The shadows of the general and his slave casted upon the tent walls made the general look like a wild beast in heat, hunched over and thrusting away with wild abandon.

"Ahhh! Oh Master! K-keep pounding your little cockslave! Oh by the Gods your cock feels s-so good!" Jani blubbered, making sure to stimulate her master with the sound of her voice even amidst her own fiery ecstasy as her master hammered into her, wantonly and without mercy.

The tent was filled with the moans and screams of the little fuckdoll, and the slapping sound of flesh upon flesh.

"Oh Gods Maaasterr! I love your thick cock so fucking much! Pound me! Slam your h-hard cock into my tight little cunt!" Jani wailed as Kalman used her hips as handholds in order to fuck her even faster.

"Tight? I've used your pussy so much lately that it's become quite loose. Look how easily my cock slides in and out, you loose fucking whore!" Kalman laughed, teasing his favored slave and slapped her ass.

Jani moaned, her face burned with humiliation at her master's degrading words, yet still incredibly aroused as she thrust back her hips to slam herself back on her master's cock.

"YES MASTER! Pound my loose whore cunt! I'll try to make it tighter for you, I promise! Punish your little slut! Fuck me Master! Pound your little fuckdoll!"

Jani felt herself losing control as the familiar wave of pleasure started to build up deep inside her. Oh Gods, this is going to be a big one, she thought. Her arms gave out under her, losing the strength to hold herself up. Sinking down with her face against the floor, she could no longer make complete sentences, and could only moan and squeal incoherently as her master pounded her relentlessly into the furs.

"Ha.. ha..", Kalman breathed heavily, "you little fucking slut, you won't be able to walk once we're done."

Kalman reached down and wrapped his slave's hair around his fist, and pulled her head up roughly. He reached his other hand around her throat, pulling her head close to his own, and tipped her face up so he could look into her deep blue eyes as he started to choke her.

"Hurgh.. Uhh.. urrrgh.." Jani choked, her eyes glazing over with her lack of air and pleasure. She was close, the choking only serving to speed up her impending climax. She could not think clearly anymore, giving into the tidal waves of pleasure that overwhelmed her.

"UHHHHHHHNNNNN!" She groaned, still being choked, and came. It was shatteringly powerful, her body started quivering and spasming uncontrollably as her mind was ravaged by the onset of tremendous pleasure. Unable to take the intense ecstasy any longer, combined with her lack of air, she fell unconscious in her master's arms.

Kalman let out a deep sigh, enjoying Jani's hot cunt contracting around his cock. He let go of Jani's now limp and sweat-drenched body and let her face fall to the floor, her blond locks, disheveled, splayed out around her head, her eyes unfocused and her mouth drooling onto the furs. Kalman wasn't done yet, being a man of tremendous stamina, he still seeked his release. He slapped Jani's peach shaped bottom, and proceeded to pound her unconscious body some more, using the unconscious Jani as a mere cocksleeve to jack himself off.

While Kalman was still fucking Jani's limp body, he heard the guard outside call out to him, muffled by the cloth tent wall that separated them: "General! Chief strategist Alarin here to see you."

Kalman groaned: "Tell him to wait a bit!" He shouted back, and kept thrusting.

Jani stirred under the general, her master's rough treatment of her body beginning to wake her.

"Mmmmmmmm.. Oh Gods..." She let out a long moan. "A-Are you close? Master?" Jani slurred tiredly.

Kalman chuckled, knowing that he's already pushed the slave past her limits. He was indeed close, feeling his own climax building in his loins.

"Yes, my dear, " he said, pulling out of her with a loud squelch. Quickly turning Jani around so that she kneeled in front of him, her pretty face now streaked with tears and makeup.

"Open your mouth, slut." Kalman commanded, and Jani obeyed, opening her small mouth to a perfect O shape.

Kalman thrust his cock into Jani's open mouth, feeling a heat that was different from that of her pussy, yet still wonderful. Jani gagged and teared up some more as Kalman's long cock reached her throat, and spittle leaked out of the edges of her mouth, around her master's thick cock.

"Huurggh.. Urrgh.. Huuuuurrk.." Jani choked and gagged as Kalman fucked Jani's face with a few more strokes before he felt his imminent climax. He pulled out of her mouth and aimed his cock at her face, made even sexier by her tears and running eye-color.

"Keep your mouth and eyes open." Commanded Kalman in a strained voice, and Jani obeyed, looking straight at her master's cock with half-lidded eyes, too tired to even keep her eyes fully open.

Kalman roughly grabbed Jani's hair to lock her head in place, and with the other hand stroked his cock a few times. He came hard, spurts of cum rocketed out of his cock, landing in thick ropes upon Jani's slutty face, completely destroying her already ragged visage. Some strands shot far enough to land in her now tangled mess of hair.

"Mmmmm..." Jani moaned in pleasure as the hot cum landed on her, glazing her face and forcing her to close her eyes. Strands of cum fell in her mouth, and bridged across her lips, the streams of thick cum slowly ran down her face and dribbled on her chest, adorning her small breasts and prominent collar bones in small rivulets and droplets. Her face now entirely drenched in her master's massive load, she stuck out her tongue to search for Kalman's cock, upon locating it, she wrapped her lips around it and sucked to drain the last bit of her master's seed, and to clean his cock thoroughly. The cum she managed to gather, combined with the strands that fell into her mouth, made a decent mouthful, which she proudly showed her master by opening her mouth wide. She moaned as she swallowed the mouthful, savoring the salty taste as it rolled down her throat.

"Good girl." Kalman sighed, savoring the sight of his slave's cum-ruined face, finding it incredibly erotic.

He gently let go of her hair, and lowered her onto the furs. "I think I'll upgrade your collar to a sapphire once we get back to the city." Said Kalman, smiling down at his obedient slave.

A thrill went down Jani's spine. A sapphire! Sex slaves are rarely bestowed such an honor and position of trust. She thought excitedly, in fact, her current position of triple topaz is already very high for a mere sex slave. "Thank you Master... And thank you for using your little cumslut this evening." Jani cooed, her eyes still closed, enjoying the warmth and softness of the furs as she sunk into them, starting to fall asleep, dizzy with the last hour's activities. Kalman smiled, appreciative of his favorite slave's service, and gently stroked her hair, lulling her to sleep, with her body still covered in cum and various fluids.

Kalman remembered suddenly that his strategist asked for his audience, stood up to dress himself, and shouted to the guard outside: "Send him in!"

----------------------

Outside the tent, Alarin sat patiently and waited for the general to finish. He could hear the slapping of flesh upon flesh, as well as the shrieking of the sex slave piercing through the tent cloth. A minute after the sounds subsided, he heard the general shout for the guard to let him in. He stood, nodded to the guard who held the tent flaps open for him, and entered.

The interior of the tent was warm and musty, and Alarin could smell the strong scent of sex in the air. The general was in the middle of the tent, lacing up his trousers. Alarin glanced at the unconscious, cum-covered body of the slave at the general's feet, cleared his throat, and said: "Congratulations on your victory today general, the Kaskarian threat should soon be quelled."

Kalman grunted in agreement, continuing to dress himself. Alarin continued: "Foreign minister Orvon has requested your presence back in the capital for the Autumn Festival."

Kalman frowned. "Why do they need me? Surely my presence here is more important, we need to be sure the border is secured before winter." He paused, then asked: "How fares my brother?"

Alarin nodded sadly, "the King's health seems to be deteriorating... Since the entire royal family will be present for the festival, the minister wants to use the chance to hold a meeting to discuss succession. As for the situation here, I think I'll be able to conclude the campaign by the end of autumn."

Kalman sighed: "I don't suppose I could really add much to the discussion, but I will go back to see my brother and nephews." He finished dressing himself, and asked: "Did Orvon say anything else?"

Alarin shrugged. "That was all. His message was terse as always."

"Very well then," Kalman said, glancing at the unconscious Jani, "have someone clean her up, we'll be off in the morning."