 Author's note: I told you guys I'd be bringing this chapter out quick. :D There's a good amount of sex in this one so enjoy! As always I'd love to hear any feedback or suggestions you might have. Please rate and comment!!!

PS: Do you guys think I should put a list of characters and some brief summaries about their roles in the story so far? I'd love to hear what you guys think. Thanks again.

=============================================

Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, places and characters are products of my imagination and used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual people and events are purely coincidental. All characters are over the age of consent. 

=============================================

Avery

=====

It was getting dark by the time Prince Avery and Falin returned to the ambassador's estate. A black horse was tied to the post in front of the gate, chomping on a bag of oats. That'd be Orvon. Avery smiled to himself. The minister was a simple and straightforward man, and preferred to move about on his own, unencumbered.

"That's minister Orvon's horse," Avery explained. "He must be waiting for us inside."

"Ah... I'm very excited to meet the man," Falin said. "He's rather famous in diplomatic circles."

Avery nodded. He himself had long admired Orvon. A hero of the battlefield who had fought alongside Avery's father, Orvon was as skilled with a sword as he was in the art of diplomacy, though he'd retired from the army many years ago.

They stepped into the manor, across the antechamber and into the lounge. There they found Minister Orvon sitting with his legs crossed, talking to ambassador Falin's beautiful personal slave, Elsi. Upon noticing their arrival, Orvon stood. "Ambassador Falin, welcome to our humble kingdom."

Orvon was a tall man, cutting an imposing figure which loomed above the rest of the people in the room as he stood. Falin bowed deeply and took Orvon's proferred hand, shaking it as he said. "Minister Orvon, your reputation precedes you. I apologize for keeping you waiting." Falin glanced back at the newly bought barbarian slave and snapped his fingers. His servants took the slave's chains and led her away. "I couldn't resist indulging myself in your local market." Falin said. "I hope my Elsi was pleasant enough company."

Orvon nodded and said. "Of course. Your gorgeous companion here have been an absolute delight." He bowed, and presented Falin with a sealed scroll. "Allow me, as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Salka, to formally welcome you, Falin Gamar, and name you as the Ambassador of the Kingdom of Candra."

Falin hesitated slightly before collecting himself, and received the scroll with his usual grace, and said. "It is my great privilege. I look forward to a cordial and fruitful relationship between us, and through us, our two great Kingdoms." He gestured towards Avery. "The young prince here has already been of great help and a wonderful host."

Orvon nodded, and said. "Well, it's getting late and I'm sure you're exhausted from your travels and your adventures during the afternoon. I will leave you to your rest." He paused, understanding Falin's hesitation. "I realize that Prince Avery was told to let you know there would be a formal ceremony. However, I decided to combine the event with the autumn festival."

Falin frowned almost imperceptibly, not sure whether he should be feeling slighted. His expression did not go unnoticed by Orvon, who continued. "As an apology, I'd like to offer a gift." He clapped his hands, and a tall, tan, slim-bodied slave stepped out from behind a set of curtains, wearing nothing but a set of a green garter belt with sheer green silk hose, matching her light green eyes. She wore a collar with three topazes, and the guild tattoo on her neck was large and prominent. The slave had good sized, perky breasts, and a sexy face which reflected a classical beauty which drove men crazy. Her most prominent features, however, were her long, toned legs which were further accentuated by a pair of crystal heels that she wore on her perfectly shaped feet. "I hope she is to your satisfaction. She's now yours to do with as you wish."

Falin's eyebrows rose in surprise, with a hint of lust which no man could disguise in the presence of such a magnificent creature, and said. "I am undeserving of such a magnanimous gesture... Three topazes! What a gift! You are most gracious, minister Orvon." He bowed deeply. Indeed, a three topaz slave was of incredible value, even one bearing the guild mark.

Orvon bowed back, and said. "We'll take our leave and let you get some rest." He gestured to the prince to make an exit. Avery followed Orvon out, and asked. "Was such a valuable gift truly necessary? Triple-topaz pleasure slaves are not easy to come by."

The minister smiled, and patted Avery on the shoulder. "There is much still left for you to learn, young prince." He paused, and said. "You performed admirably this afternoon, Avery. Although the scene at the harbor was not particularly necessary..."

Avery stared at Orvon. How does he know... He stopped himself from wondering further. Orvon had eyes and ears everywhere in the capital, and no detail escaped him.

"Yeah, I might be in a little trouble with the Guild." Avery replied, slightly abashed.

Orvon mounted his horse. "If they send anyone to speak with you, refer them to me."

Avery nodded gratefully. He hated interacting with the Guildsmen. They were all duplicitous and slimy to a man. How did we ever let such people gain so much power. He wondered to himself as he returned to his own estate with his retainers.

=====

As Avery entered his manor, he dimly heard sounds of grunting and groaning. He frowned, wondering what the noise could be. They sounded like animals romping through his house, or perhaps people sparring against one another. Curious, he went towards the source of the sounds, and soon realized that it was the sound of sex. Even more curious now, he frowned, wondering. Could it be Emma? He arrived at the door separating him from the room where the sounds were originating, and flung it open.

His eyes widened. I completely forgot about these two. The thought raced through his head as he looked upon the two plainsmen barbarians he'd paid for this afternoon. The woman, Mursa, was down on all fours while her husband, Garo, pounded her from behind. On my best rug as well. Avery thought, wincing. The two were making ungodly noises as they fucked, Garo grunting like a bull as he rutted his mate with a speed and ferocity which Avery never imagined possible. How could she endure a pounding of this pace?! Avery thought in amazement. Mursa, however, seemed to be enjoying herself, groaning and moaning like a sow in heat, occasionally letting a string of foreign utterances escape from her throat. The two were sweating profusely, their bodies shone in the brightly candlelit room, the sweat dripping onto the rug beneath them, ruining it beyond salvation. Avery heard running behind him, and turned to see Emma hurrying towards him.

"I'm sorry Avery," Emma apologized with a pained smile on her face. "They've been at it all afternoon. I've tried to move them to a bedroom at the very least, but they appear to be more comfortable on the floor."

The rutting couple looked towards Avery and Emma, but didn't stop their activities. The brute nodded towards the prince, and went back to fucking his wife, who licked her lips while her half-lidded eyes fluttered, revealing her state of ecstacy.

At first, Avery wanted to close the doors and give the couple some privacy, but as the shock of the sight before him wore off, and seeing the couple acknowledge his presence but not caring, he found himself captivated by the display. The two were athletic and muscled, as expected of barbarians, and their muscles rippled beneath the skin with each of Garo's powerful thrusts.

As he watched the erotic display before him, Avery felt himself get harder and harder. He adjusted himself underneath his trousers, and considered taking Emma to his bedroom for some relief, but he found himself unable to tear his eyes from the couple on the floor, who hadn't let up their pace at all. Just before he couldn't take it anymore, Mursa lifted her head, looked straight at Avery and smiled seductively, crooking a finger towards him in a "come hither" fashion.

Avery was stunned, and glanced nervously towards Garo, wondering what should do. Garo had a huge smile on his face, and also waved Avery towards them. The prince walked slowly towards the rocking couple, and positioned himself in front of Mursa, who unlaced and pulled down his trousers to reveal his pulsing erection. "N-not bad, city-prince." Mursa said with pursed lips, stuttering from the force of Garo's pounding. She engulfed the tip of Avery's cock in her hot mouth, causing him to groan in delight. He already had released multiple times with his lady friend Jana that morning, but he still became hard as a rock. It was the first time he'd been involved in a threesome with a woman and another man, let alone with a woman and her husband!

Mursa's head bobbed along Avery's shaft in rhythm with the movement of her husband's hips, and was considerably more talented than Jana's amateur mouth. She might even be better than Emma. Avery thought, and realized that Emma was still watching from the doorway. He smiled sheepishly at her, and she returned the smile before shutting the door and leaving them to their pleasures.

Avery gripped the back of Mursa's head, admiring the coarse texture of her hair. Strong, just like the rest of her. He pushed her head further down along his cock, and she complied without resistance, taking him to the hilt down her throat with barely the hint of a gurgle. Avery groaned again in pleasure, feeling the intense heat at the back of her throat before pulling back and plunging back in again, over and over. Mursa moaned and hummed along his cock happily, relishing the feeling of two cocks plundering her holes from both ends.

Avery, his eyes closed, cracked open an eyelid to glance at Garo, wondering how he was doing. He needn't have worried, however, as Garo seemed to be even more aroused by the sight of his beautiful wife bent before him, moaning and sucking another man's cock as though her life depended on it.

The prince, all his inhibitions lost now, started fucking Mursa's face in earnest. Each of his thrusts drove all the way in, bumping her nose against his crotch, and slapped his balls on her chin. Garo continued his thrusts from behind and occasionally slapped her ass, splashing tiny droplets of sweat with his hard strikes.

"Mm! Mmmhmmm!" Mursa whimpered with each strike, her mouth tightening around the prince's cock. Her tongue never ceased its movement along the underside of Avery's dick, bringing him intense waves of pleasure. "Agh... Ak... Akhhh." Mursa gagged as she deepthroated Avery, her mouth leaking saliva onto the rug, and small rivulets of tears ran down the side of her face.

Just before the prince was ready to blow, Garo stood up from behind Mursa, and turned her around lovingly, lying her on her back. Avery realized that her knees must be chafing on the rug at this point. Garo gestured towards Avery, who didn't exactly understand what the large man wanted. "His common not so good," Mursa mumbled hazily, sunk deep in sexual ecstasy. "He want switch place." She said in her sexy, guttural accent. Avery nodded and swapped places with the giant man. He kneeled between her long, sinewed legs, bringing them up to his shoulders, and thrust into her warm, wet cunt. "Mmmmmm..." Mursa hummed happily as Garo laid down with his crotch next to her face, and fed his hard, thick cock into her mouth.

Avery thrusted into Mursa with wild abandon, her channel was tight even after the wild pounding she took from Garo. Goodness... These barbarians... They really are tight everywhere. Avery thought. He was shaken out of his thoughts, however, as Garo groaned loudly, slamming his cock deep inside Mursa's mouth, and unloaded in her throat. Mursa groaned and choked, unprepared for Garo's climax. She could not swallow fast enough, and cum leaked out of the corners of her mouth and erupted from her nose. Avery frowned at Garo's rough treatment of his wife, but then saw the wide smile on Mursa's face as Garo leaned back with a long sigh, freeing his softening cock from her mouth.

Avery resumed pounding Mursa, watching the cum run down her saliva and tear streaked face. The sight of her filthy and disheveled face inflaming him further.

"Uh... Ugh... Slap my purkas!" Mursa growled.

"W-what?" Avery panted, running his hands down her thigh as he fucked her. By the gods, I can't get enough of these legs. He thought.

Mursa grabbed his hand, and placed it on her chest.

"Oh..." Avery said in realization. He reached back and slapped her full, round tits. Hard.

"UGH!" Mursa cried out. "Harder!"

Avery swung again, harder this time. The sharp sound of the slap rang in the spacious room.

"UGGHHH!" Mursa shrieked. "Keep going!"

Avery continued thrusting and slapping, and was soon panting with exertion. After a dozen slaps, Mursa's tits became redder and redder, the color managed to show even through her dark complexion. Finally, she could take it no longer, the wonderful feeling of the prince's long cock plunging in and out of her cunt, the heat of her husband's cum on her face, and the stinging numbness from the repeated assault on her tits combined to drive her over the edge. She came, screaming, with a throaty "UURRRRGGGGH!!". Her entire body tensed and quivered, her cunt muscles clenching hard around Avery's cock, catching it in a vice-like grip. The intense orgasm lasted an eternity, at the end of which she finally relaxed, and laid limp on the rug, sweating.

Avery hugged her left leg tight, and pounded into her with all his might. Mursa was quiet now in her post-orgasmic bliss, her chest swelled up and down with each breath she took, and her tits shook and jiggled with each of Avery's forceful thrusts. Garo looked on with great interest, gaining more respect for the prince. Not many men were capable of making a Gormundish plainswoman cum, even though Garo had done most of the work. Garo stroked his wife's hair lovingly as she came down from her orgasm, and Mursa in turn smiled up at her husband through the mess which covered her strong-featured face.

A few thrusts more, and Avery was could hold no longer. With a roar, he unloaded deep inside Mursa's cunt, flooding her with his seed. She moaned a final time, and Avery collapsed, panting, on top of her, with his face buried in her lovely, soft mounds. These barbarian folk sure have stamina... He thought to himself. The session of raw animalistic rutting was more intense than any love-making he'd ever done with those prim and proper court ladies, and it took every last ounce of energy out of him. He asked, panting. "So... are all your people so... open?"

Mursa smiled, catching his meaning. "We share everything." She replied simply with a shrug. Garo said something unintelligible, and Mursa translated with a devious smile on her face. "Your Emma... My husband say she is a handsome woman."

Avery smiled, and wondered dreamily of how Emma felt about taking a hulking barbarian man between her loins, and her face buried in wild barbarian pussy. I'd have to ask her in the morning. He thought blissfully as he nuzzled against the heaving orbs atop Mursa's chest.

=====

Falin

=====

After the minister and the prince had left, Falin turned to appraise the slave he'd just been gifted. She was beautiful, even for a triple-topaz. It seemed that she'd been oiled and dusted with gold flakes before she had been presented to him, and every inch of her shone in the sconce-light, from her slim yet toned calves to her eyes, which bore the typical glazed look of a guild slave.

What a waste, Falin thought. She'd have made the perfect courtesan. In Candra, slaves of this caliber would never have been sent to the guild. They would instead be taught singing and dancing, and if they did not have such talent, they'd at least be taught how to talk to and entertain guests.

Although Falin felt a sense of pity as he looked upon the slave's vapid face, he could not help but be aroused by her nakedness. She smelled of lilacs and jasmine, and the scent was intoxicating. Despite being a man who prided himself on self control, Falin felt himself grow turgid, taking in the sight and smell of the woman before him.

Falin ran his thumb and forefinger along the underside of the slave's jaw, and pinched the bottom of her chin. "What is your name?" He asked, the huskiness of the voice coming from his mouth startling even himself.

"Violet, master." The slave's smiled, her face coming to life in response to his voice and his touch, as if a runic automaton receiving a mage's instructions.

"I'm in need of your services, Violet my dear." Falin's hardness had grown, and now propped a tent in his trousers.

"Of course, master." Violet's smile was as sweet as honey, and she began to drop to her knees.

"Not here." Falin led her to the bedroom, where his personal slave, Elsi, sat atop a large four-poster bed in a gauze nightgown.

"Tired of me already, master?" Elsi teased Falin as he entered with Violet in tow, his erection painfully obvious in front of him.

"Of course not, my dear." Falin smiled. "But I must try her out. A gift of this caliber is simply irresistible."

Elsi nodded and asked sweetly. "Would you like me to join you?"

Falin leaned forward and kissed Elsi on the lips. "There'll be time for that, my dear." He replied, chuckling. "After all, we'll be stuck in this backwater kingdom for quite a while."

Elsi wrinkled her nose. "It smells of fish everywhere."

Falin laughed, and kissed her again on the forehead. "Go and get some sleep, my pretty. I know you must be tired."

Elsi nodded and retreated to her own quarters, closing the door to the master bedroom behind her as she left.

Falin turned his attention to Violet and pushed her down onto her knees as he sat on the bed, freeing his raging phallus from his trousers. Violet smiled widely, licked her lips and said "Oooo master. Your cock looks delicious."

"Yeah, yeah," Falin said impatiently, familiar with the adoring and submissive demeanor of guild slaves, and pulled Violet's head closer.

Violet needed no encouragement, and began to lick and suck the length of the ambassador's dick sloppily. "Do you like that master? Do you like my mouth wrapped around your thick, hard cock?" She drawled eagerly, as if Falin's answer was the only thing she desired.

"Less talking, slut." Falin knew that these guild slaves would never shut up unless told otherwise, and shoved Violet's head deep onto his shaft, fucking her face.

"Ahk...Gah...Gaak." The pretty strawberry blonde gagged as she accommodated Falin's full length with every thrust. Although all the guild slaves were trained to have no gag reflex, most would still make the noises for their master's entertainment. They were also trained to tear up slightly, as Violet did now.

As he enjoyed the heat of Violet's mouth and throat, Falin admired her beautiful, almond-shaped face. The dark kohl coloring around her eyes was starting to run down her cheek, slightly marring her otherwise perfect face. Falin pulled her up, and kissed her deeply. He ran his hands down her body, cupping her perky tits which fit his hands perfectly. Falin kneaded her tits with his hand, causing Violet to groan in ecstasy.
