 Author's note:

Thanks for everyone who rated the first chapter of this story! I had a great time writing this chapter and hope you all enjoy it. Please comment and send me feedback, I'd love to read your comments and listen to your suggestions. Thank you very much! 

This is a re-upload of the second chapter. The first time I wrote this chapter, I just threw it up to Literotica without any real care, and didn't do any editing. I figured now that I'm committed to making quality content, I should probably re-upload the first two chapters. Thanks a lot to everyone who has supported me and rated my chapters so highly!

Disclaimer:

This is a work of fiction and names, places and characters are products of my imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual people and events are purely coincidental. All characters are over the age of consent.

=============================================

Karen

=====

It was a fine day to be out working in the fields, Karen thought. It was the harvest season, and the sun shined brightly on the waves of wheat, glowing so brightly with golden light that one had to avert their eyes. The stalks of wheat bent under the weight of the grains, swaying gently with the autumn breeze, which provided a welcome coolness for those sweating in their labor.

Karen stood up to take a break from harvesting the wheat, she was coming into her middle age, and her back wasn't what it used to be. As she stretched her back, she heard the distant clopping of hooves and the creaking of wagon wheels coming down the road. She and all the other laborers working in the field stopped what they were doing to look down the road in curiosity, some craning their necks and shielding their eyes against the sun to see better.

An ornate carriage, drawn by a team of four black horses was coming down the dirt road at a leisurely pace. It was accompanied by several heavily armed knights wearing black armor trimmed with silver. The coach itself was inlaid with silver trim, and the wood looked to be of the highest quality zebrawood. A small dust cloud had been kicked up by the team of horses, slightly marring the otherwise pristine visage of the entourage.

Karen frowned when she saw the banners that the knights were holding at the top of their long halberds. A single silver dragon with its curved tail upon a field of black, a slight variation of the royal banner, which boasts a golden dragon with a double pronged tail on a checkered field of red and black. The silver dragon was not well loved by the common folk, for it was the symbol of Prince Jacob, the second prince of the Kingdom of Salka, and he did not enjoy a good reputation among the general populace.

Prince Jacob is a cruel man with a voracious sexual appetite, and maintains a harem of obedient slaves. All of Jacob's slaves bore the mark of the Slavers Guild, save for Ava and Ada, the twins that he had trained personally. Jacob often lusted after women, no matter if they were slaves, free, or married. He used his position and power to coerce and force free women to sleep with him, though women of looser virtues threw themselves at him in order to gain his favor, and it helped that his sharp, regal features and a tall, well built physique made him incredibly handsome and desirable. He harasses married women, often forcing those of the lower classes to submit to his every whim, and when a pretty slave belonging to some lesser lord catches his eye, ofttimes the lord has no choice but to grin and offer up his favored slave to be the prince's toy.

Normally, the imperial court would not tolerate such behavior, even from a prince, but Jacob was also an incredibly cunning politician, associating himself with many of the high lords, and has gained himself a large retinue of loyal retainers, ready to do his every bidding.

As the carriage trundled slowly down the path and approached the field workers, Karen heard the other fieldhands start whispering to themselves.

"Is that the second prince's coach? I heard he's very handsome," whispered one of the younger girls.

"I heard he likes to spread his royal seed, if you know what I mean," giggled another.

"He can ram his royal scepter in me anytime he likes!" Exclaimed a third, which drew a round of raucous laughter from the flittish girls.

"You wouldn't want him to get his hands on you," an older worker warned, "he's known to be rough with his girls."

"Hmph, he can be as rough with me as he likes as long as he takes me to the palace."

As the royal retinue was about to pass the workers, a muffled female voice sudden rang out from inside the carriage.

"HALT!"

The procession stopped, the jet black horses neighing and shaking their heads as they were brought to a sudden halt. The younger girls started whispering excitedly.

"Why do you think they've stopped?"

"D'ya think he's taken a fancy to one of us?"

Karen was much less enthusiastic about such a possibility. She was happily married and was much more experienced in the matters of the world, and is aware of the ill reputation Prince Jacob has gained. Although she doubted the prince would even be interested in a woman of her age.

The door of the carriage had a small, dark window on the side of it, but nothing inside could be seen by those on the outside. A small crack appeared as the door started to creak open, and all the fieldhands waited with bated breath, nervous, with all their work forgotten.

===============================================

Prince Jacob

-------------------------------------

Jacob groaned as Ava kneeled between his knees and sucked his cock. The bouncing of the carriage combined with Ava's expert technique was bringing him sensations that were simply heavenly. Jacob had one hand on the back of Ava's head, and his other arm around the shoulders of Ava's sister, Ada, and reached down to grope her tits through the soft, skin tight, neck-high leather dress.

Ava and Ada were identical twins, and magnificent specimens both. They looked exactly the same in every way, and the prince doesn't bother trying to distinguish between them. The twins had shoulder length, snow-white hair, and tight, slim physiques. Their faces were masks of cool, emotionless beauty, with narrow yet sensual eyes and petite noses. Their breasts are not particularly large, but were perky and stood out from their tight bodies.

No one knew where the twins were from, their features were mixed, and their origins too murky for anyone to make out. They were war orphans, and never knew who their parents were. An orphanage picked them up when they were still babies, and provided them with the bare minimum for survival until they could fend for themselves. Once they were of age and still hadn't been adopted, they were ejected from the orphanage to fend for themselves. With no money and connections, Ava and Ada couldn't survive on the meager earnings of the menial jobs they took on initially, and had to eventually resort to selling their bodies. The twins were quickly accepted by a high-class brothel due to their strikingly good looks, and were very popular amongst the clientele. However, they were kicked out and blacklisted from brothel work when they were caught stealing from their clients, and had to resort to theft and whoring out in the streets, without the benefits of protection from a licensed brothel.

When Prince Jacob came across them, the twins were being raped by five men in a back alley who had decided they didn't want to pay after all. Normally, the Prince couldn't care less about such matters, but after catching a glimpse of the twins' faces, beautiful even streaked in cum and tears, decided to save them on a whim. After sending his guards to dispatch of the rapists, he offered the twins to become his, and they accepted.

Over the years, the prince treated them well, and became the only source of kindness the girls had ever known. The twins, through a mixture of training and gratitude, became unswervingly loyal to the prince. They offered him every part of themselves, body and mind, and catered to his every whim and fancy, no matter how sadistic they might be, and grew used to them over the years.

The prince gave a lot of attention to the twins, as he was tired of playing with the guild slaves in his harem. At first, he only intended to keep the twins as pet projects, a way to wile away the time. As time went on, however, it became apparent that the twins were highly intelligent and capable, and the prince assigned increasingly important tasks to them. The twins proved themselves over and over, and quickly rose through the gem-ranks, and now sported single-diamond black-gold collars on their slim, ivory necks. They were indispensable to the Prince, who now valued their minds even more than their delectable bodies.

"Mmm", moaned Ava, kneeling on the floor of the carriage between the Prince's legs. She sucked on her master's cock with great expertise, running her tongue up and down his length, then enveloping his hard shaft with her hot, cute mouth. She knew just how her master liked his blowjobs, and took him deep into her mouth. Her throat was well trained and had no problem taking his full eight inches.

"Agh-kh, ak..." Ava made gagging noises, even though she hardly needed to gag after years of training, because she knew the prince liked hearing it.

"Good girl," the prince moaned, pushing her head even deeper onto his cock, running his hand through her soft hair. He kept his cock buried deep in ava's throat, enjoying the sensations of her tongue, which had never stopped caressing the underside of his shaft. After a while, he felt Ava's hand softly pat his thigh, letting him know that she was running out of air. He kept her down for a few seconds longer, then loosed his grip on her hair, letting her up.

"Haaaahhhh," Ava breathed as she came up, flashed a quick smile at the prince, then immediately went back to sucking the prince, who now gave her free reign over the blowjob.

Jacob's other hand, draped over Ada, was tired of fondling her tits through her clothes, and tried to snake under the collar to grip the soft flesh beneath. However, the tight nature of the leather dress was making it difficult.

"Why did you have to wear such an inconvenient dress, Ada?" The Prince asked, frustrated.

"You're the one who said it looked sexy on us, Jacob." Ada retorted, her tone indifferent and detached. She had been focused on reading through her notes for the day during the carriage trip, and was barely paying attention to her master's hand groping her tits, and never even spared a glance at Ava and the lewd sounds her sister made as she serviced Jacob's cock.

Such a flippant tone and disrespectful way of addressing her master from a slave was unheard of, and would have earned the slave an immediate and harsh punishment in any other circumstance. However, the prince preferred it this way and allowed it over the years, as he was tired of the simpering obedience from the rest of his harem.

"Well anyway, take out your tits, I want to feel them in my hands."

Ada sighed, and chided the prince gently. "You know I'm behind on my work already. I was meant to have these notes ready last night, but you summoned us on a whim again and used us all night." She complained, putting down her quill and notes to unzip the back of her dress.

Jacob shrugged. "The other slaves couldn't handle the ass pounding I was giving them, and I was getting angry. If I didn't have you two, I probably would have given them the whip, and sold them cheap."

Ada peeled apart her tight leather dress from the back and pulled the top down to her waist, exposing her milky white flesh and her perky breasts, jutting out from her tight, but well muscled torso. A single dragon tattoo was visible at the bottom of her neck, marking her as the property of Prince Jacob. The prince took one of her fleshy mounds and began to knead it roughly with his hand, as Ada took up her work again, not even making a sound, while Ava was still on her knees, worshipping Jacob's cock.

"You know," Jacob mused after fondling Ada's tits for a while, "I was thinking about getting your tits enlarged with magic. I've heard it's becoming quite fashionable amongst the ladies of the capital"

Ada looked up at her master and raised one eyebrow, and said, "What a waste of magic, especially on mere slaves such as us."

"Considering how much time I spend enjoying your and your sister's tits, I don't think it would be a waste of gold at all. Besides," Jacob shrugged, "Apparently the wealthy lords have it done for their slaves to show off."

Ava took her mouth off her master's cock for a few seconds, and said while smiling up at the prince, "I think it's a great idea, Jacob."

What a sweet thing, thought Jacob. While Ava was just as capable as Ada in all her duties, she did indeed have more of a sweet side, which only served to bring out Jacob's sadistic tendencies and he abused her all the more, although Ava always took whatever he meted out to her without complaint.

"It's decided then, I'll make sure you two bitches get the best sets of tits money can buy. I'll spare no expense!" Exclaimed the prince, and leaned back in the seat to look out the window, enjoying the scenery as well as Ava's hot mouth.

As the carriage rolled along, Jacob suddenly caught a glimpse of a woman working out in the fields, and he craned his neck to see more. The woman was dressed in a simple blue working gown, but one could still see the curves underneath. Her buttocks were firm and round as she bent down in the field, and the swells of her chest indicated tits of great size even beneath the loose fabric of her gown.

As the woman stood up to wipe her brow, Jacob caught a full view of her face. She had dark, somewhat thick eyebrows, deep brown eyes and her bronzed skin, shining with a sheen of sweat in the afternoon sun, looked healthy and radiant. Her jawline was wide and defined, which gave her a look that was strong yet sensual at the same time. She had a few lines around her eyes, which did nothing to marr the untampered beauty of her face.

"Stop the carriage." The prince commanded, without taking his eyes off the woman.

Ada glanced at Jacob curiously, then yelled, "HALT."

"I want her," said the prince simply, pointing his chin towards the woman in blue they had stopped in front of.

Ava took Jacob's cock out of her mouth and frowned, "Jacob, maybe it's not such a good idea to upset the commoners this close to the festival."

"I don't care," Jacob said, still not taking his eyes off the woman in the field, and pushed Ava aside. Ava backed away obediently, and kneeled at the corner.

Ada sighed, and began to pull up her dress.

"Wait," said Jacob, turning around, his eyes burning with lust. "Keep your tits out, give them a show." The side of his mouth curling up into a sadistic smirk.

Ada lowered her eyes, and obeyed with a hint of a smile on her face, "Of course, master."

Jacob grinned. Ada only ever called him master when she was aroused. She hasn't been properly rewarded in a while, I'll have to hold another party for her, Jacob thought.

Jacob knew her weakness. Public humiliation turns her from an ice queen into a moaning sow in heat. Jacob would regularly hold parties where he commanded Ada to be showered by the seed of all his guests, then parade herself outside for an hour or two with her hands cuffed behind her back and her face and body absolutely drenched in cum. Jacob never accompanied her, as it was more of a "reward" for Ada than for his own gratification.

Whenever Ada walked outside in such a state, her face would burn with humiliation when the passers-by ogled and jeered at "the prince's silver whore", as she and her sister were known. Even as she suffered such ridicule and taunts, she would raise her head haughtily, knowing that none of them would dare touch her, knowing she was Jacob's property. By the time she came back into the manor, her cunt would be dripping with desire, and the prince would drag her, still cuffed, by her hair to the bedroom, and fuck her cum covered body hard until she passed out from repeated orgasms, her throat sore from shrieking out her pent-up desire.

Before Ada stepped out of the carriage, Jacob put his hand on her ass. "One final touch." He said, and flipped the hem of her dress up over her ass, exposing her thin, black mesh thong and the full length of her slim, long legs, which were wrapped in sheer black thigh-high pantyhose.

Ada stepped out of the carriage, and the peasants outside gasped and widened their eyes collectively.

"W-wow," swallowed one of the men, ogling the half-naked beauty.

The rest of the men all had similar reactions, some stealthily adjusting the hardening cocks in their trousers. The women, after getting over their initial shock, narrowed their eyes and whispered jealously to each other.

"Hmph, my tits are much bigger than hers, I could do a much better job serving his royal highness."

"I bet the prince lets all his friends rape that bitch, her cunt's probably looser than a cow's that's just given birth."

Ada walked up to the woman in blue, ignoring the whispers of the women, and asked, "What's your name?"

Karen gulped, "K-Karen." She replied as her heart sank slightly, having an idea of what would come next.

"The prince requests your presence." Ava told her. She felt the heat creeping up her own face, savoring the burning gazes of the peasants around her, parting her mouth in a slight pant. Her pussy was getting wet, and she felt her thong becoming damp.

Karen fidgeted with her hands, not knowing what to do. She glanced at the black and silver carriage with a sense of dread, the dark crack of the door appearing as if the maw of a monster of the abyss. She hesitated, although knowing she must accept the offer, if she did not want her family to suffer the consequences.

Ada noted Karen's discomfort, and untied a small bag of gold from her waist, handing it to her.

"Perhaps this would help you make up your mind, my dear." Ava said. She's done this many times for the prince, and knew that Jacob didn't mind when she paid the women for their time.

Karen was no stranger to such offers. The man who owned the farm she worked on made the same offer to her when her family fell upon hard times. Her husband had injured himself in an accident working at the lumber mill, and she couldn't make enough money to support him and her three year old daughter. Tom, the farm's owner, was a lecherous but kind man, and the other women who worked on the farm frequently accepted his offers for a bit of extra coin. Karen refused Tom once before, and he had left her alone, but made the offer once more when he found out about her predicament, adding a few more silvers to the offer.

Karen had discussed the offer with her husband, who was obviously conflicted. But knowing their predicament, and knowing that Tom was not a man who would hurt her, he grudgingly agreed, and they were able to tide over the difficult winter with the money Tom gave her. Afterwards, Tom never mentioned it again to them, and was always polite and courteous towards her family. They felt a sense of gratitude towards Tom, and even developed a friendship with him over time. Karen and her husband even discussed having Tom join them in bed for a threesome when they were in one of their more kinky moods.

Karen doesn't know what her husband would think about this, however. The prince would surely not be as gentle as Tom was, and she doubted he would accept no as an answer.

Karen gingerly reached out her hand to accept the small bag from the semi-nude woman before her. Ada smiled and said, "Good choice, the prince will be pleased."
