 Sometime during the night Gwn emerged from a restless sleep and drifted into a dream that aroused her in so many ways. Slowly an image appeared. A radiated glow presented a neatly bearded image of a gentleman standing at her bedside wearing a white T-shirt and a loose pair of white sweatpants. The mirage seemed to be non-threatening; in fact, comforting was a better description. Her eyes focused on the drawstring hanging from his sweatpants. The bulge in front drew her attention.

A deep-seated sleep-filled passion emerged as her aching midsection began a slow rocking motion. A subtle feeling of sexual hunger coursed through her veins. Through a misty background, her eyes clearly focused on the tenting inside his sweats. The imagined scent of male arousal flared her nostrils.

Then ever so gently his weight settled on the edge of the bed. Responding to the aroused feelings, her juices flowed. She reached for his image. His clothes vanished as he leaned over and pressed his lips against hers. Thin strands of gray dispersed through his hair further enhanced his sexual allure.

As he hovered above, her chest heaved from deeper breathing. His presence seemed so familiar. A slight sweat broke out on her face as his beard raked across her check and lay gently into the soft crook of her neck. She whispered, "It's been so long. I need you...please take me."

Softly responding, he said, "Shhhhhh...just enjoy, no need to hurry, we've been here before."

Her panties were gone. One knee raised and the other opened in an offer of sacrifice for her dream lover. Her willing presentation eagerly awaited its fate. A strong hand touched her inner thigh and moved upward, to rest next to her engorged labia. His face nudged her sheer nightshirt aside and a nipple was captured between his lips. Sensory shock waves radiated from her breast into her womb. Copious passion fluids wet the sheets. Her body hungered.

Lowering himself gently onto her breast felt so erotic. His chest hair brushed lightly against her sensitive nipples and the inner surfaces of her thighs cradled his hips. Her desire sought immediate gratification and without any conscious effort of restraint, the ache intensified. Her well shaped thighs opened further. Swollen self lubricated lips frustratingly anticipated the inevitable penetration.

Her sex charged lover moved forward to engage her most intimate region. A quick glance at his cock revealed a flaring deep purplish mushroom shaped organ dripping with fluids that would make their coupling ever so easy. To brace herself she reached up and encircled her lover's neck and held on, while her heels dug into his thighs.

Beginning with a sudden intake of air, she responded to the imagined touch. Curiosity induced another glance down between their bodies to watch the coupling as her lover made contact and inched inward. Her hips moved closer and opened wider giving him unencumbered access. The inner flesh of her vagina began to feel a burning sensation generated by the fluids of his invading phallus. Her internals became overly sensitive as her pussy gripped and massaged the surging glans. His cock stroked her uterus on the inward journey and ever so slowly his push was accompanied with a hesitant pull back. Each inward stroke imbedded deeper and deeper as her inner tissue gently closed around the excited organ. She rotated her hips up and lifted to accommodate his thrust. Then she felt those familiar ridges at the back of his cock. The swelling had started. She was about to be taken by "The Knot." "Push it in, push it in," she cried. And then as sudden as it began, the dream ended..."Dammit...Dammit...Don't leave me..." she pleaded in frustration as the image faded.

<<<********>>>

An ill, agitated, and distraught Gwn Taylor had just completed her regular cup of coffee when the phone rang. She knew it was Jeni as she always called about the same time each morning.

Abruptly, she answered and was rather short in her response. Unable to hide her exasperation, Gwn answered, "What's on your mind?"

Detecting something amiss Jeni responded, "Hold on young lady, I know you well enough to know something has got you a little edgy. You want to tell me about it. In the meantime I've got something to tell you that may be of some interest. Get that coffee ready; I'll be over in about 30 minutes. Maybe you will have settled down by then."

"Oh, I'm sorry Jeni. I had this dream last night that was quite upsetting. Come on over and I'll tell you about it. I do need someone to talk to and you're the only one I can confide in.

As Jeni walked in, Gwn continued, "You said you had something to tell me. I detected a little agitated excitement in your voice. "

Normally the conversation would turn to the next session or the last session at the PHC sex enrichment program.

"Have you read your emails this morning," Jeni asked?

Gwn replied, "No...I haven't even turned the computer on."

Well...check it out.

Gwn quickly checked her email and noticed one of interest from Sadie Hughes at the Psychological Health Center (PHC). She quickly opened it and read:

Gwn:

Dr. Luck and I would like for you and Mrs. Arthur to participate in a conference call with us on Wednesday at 3:00 pm. The conference call will be held in the PHC executive conference room 110. Please arrive approximately 15 minutes early so that Dr. Luck can brief you on the subject matter. Your attendance is very important and if for any reason you cannot attend please respond accordingly. Otherwise your attendance will be considered in the affirmative. 

 

Sadie Hughes

Director of Sex Health, PHC

Jeni Arthur let herself in the kitchen door and found Gwn sitting at the bar staring at her laptop screen. Peering over Gwn's shoulder, Jeni read the email. "Well, what do you think this is all about?"

"I have no idea," Gwn commented. "You don't think they are eliminating the sex health program do you?

Jeni responded, "There was no mention of it in our last Board meeting. That program is probably the most successful program at PHC and the most profitable."

Then with some amusement Gwn asked, "How is this different from a male escort service?"

Equally amused Jeni responded to the innuendo, "Now...now Gwn, this is health related. I view the services provided by PHC as satisfying a major medical need that exists within all of us -- both male and female. It's like the diabetic needing insulin on a constant and reoccurring basis. I look at this the same way. Consider this as a co-op; men and women sharing a healthy need in a most respected way."

Laughing Gwn responded, "I was just kidding. I would die if they did away with that program...surely not. You know, I've got a session scheduled with Rock next week. Being as blunt as I can be, I need it bad especially after that dream last night. Waiting another week is going to be tough."

"Well you'd better tell me about the dream if it has got you this upset."

Gwn began, "I had another one of those sex dreams last night and right before the orgasm part, the dream just floated away. It was so frustrating. If a man walked through that door, I think he could have his way with me. "

Jeni laughed and spoke, "It seems that you are having those dreams quite often these days. Who was giving it to you? It must have been some powerful stuff."

Gwn, still somewhat frustrated replied, "Oh yes, very powerful. As to whom it was. I don't know. All I can say is he was extremely handsome and sexy and masculine and strong and hard. As soon as he put it in, I was about to have the mother of all orgasms. I was right on edge. Then poof, the dream just went away."

"Well, that is a damn good reason to be bitchy. I'd feel the same way if that happened to me," replied Jeni.

"Of course that's the reason for PHC's program."

"Regardless, I will give Sadie a call and let her know we'll be there. No, better than that, I have an appointment tomorrow and I'll let her know then."

"Who is your appointment with," asked Gwn?

"It's a new guy that just came into the program. He is a young divorced construction superintendent. I thought it would be nice to get someone to give me an old fashion physical fucking. I want a rest from the intellectual types; too much analysis, too much rationalization, too much justification. Hell, right now I'm just looking for an ole-fashion biological animal fuck. A younger man with a stone hard cock, no brain and a pair of thighs with good driving power is what I want. I'll save the tender affectionate session later when my mood changes. The photographs show that he's the outdoors type and has about 7.5 inches of hard cock. I can be happy with that."

"I understand where you coming from, your language is very clear," Gwn responded. "We now have the privilege of choosing the kind of intercourse we want. I don't know what I'd do without Sadie's program. You know I still pine for some of the Dutchman's cock. I'd love to get that hunk of hard knot in me again."

"That would be nice," Jeni responded. "They don't make cocks like that anymore."

Then playfully Gwn commented, "After you get you horns trimmed tomorrow, let me know how it goes. See if you can get more information out of Sadie regarding the conference call."

THE CONFERENCE CALL:

Gwn looked out the front window and noticed Jeni driving into the driveway. On this Friday morning it was much too early for Jeni's session to be over. She wondered what the problem might have been.

As Gwn opened the front door she asked, "What happened?"

An irritated Jeni stormed into the kitchen and said, "I'm as frustrated as you were the other day. Was I ever ready to get laid this morning when Sadie told me the session had been postponed?

When I stopped by Sadie's office to let her know we would be at the conference call, she apologized and informed me that the session with the construction guy had been cancelled. It turns out that the new guy was not approved at the last minute. They weren't too happy with his psychological profile so they agreed to drop him from the group. I've been rescheduled for next Friday. The same day you have the appointment with Rock. I guess I'm left with the ole handy-dandy buzzer tonight. I need to get some new batteries though. It seems to be slowing down."

Gwn laughed and then said, "Serves you right for laughing at me."

Later around 2:00 pm Wednesday afternoon Jeni stopped by to pick up Gwn for their conference call at PHC.

As they were driving to offices of Sadie and Dr Luck, Gwn curiously inquired, "Do you know anything more about this conference call?

Jeni smiled and said, "Maybe a little. Do you remember Grant Landers...you know, The Dutchman?"

Gwn's eyes rolled and said, "Oh my goodness...you mean the guy with the knot. How could anyone ever forget that man? That was one special person. There probably never will be another one like him. I think about him every day. In fact in my dream the other night when that dream lover put his cock in me everything felt just like it was with the Dutchman...his juices and the knot. Just one more time, I'd like to experience that kind of loving. I'd love to have sex with him again."

Jeni smiled and asked, "Best you ever had?"

"Probably the most memorable," Gwn replied. That ranks right up there when my ex-husband knocked me up with the two kids. That sex was pretty special. She then changed the subject slightly and asked, "Did Sadie know anything about what we would be discussing?"

Jeni replied, "No...she just told me the only thing they know is that Grant, his daughter, Sue-ann, and a Dr. Main will be participating in the conference call. Dr. Main is the head of genetic research at PSRI.

"Well," Gwn replied, "He's half way around the world and it's unlikely that he can help a couple of old horny broads now."

As Jeni and Gwn arrived, they were directed to the conference room where Sadie and Dr. Luck were preparing the conference call equipment. Sadie joined the two ladies and prepared each a cup of coffee, even one for Dr. Luck. Sadie smiled as Jeni commented, "My curiosity is killing me, what is this all about?"

Sadie shrugged her shoulders and responded, "Don't know yet but they were very persistent on talking with you and Gwn. I can hardly wait myself to find out the details."

As they were drinking coffee and eating a donut, Dr Luck just smiled and listened to the girl's quiet chatter. The hushed conversation was suddenly interrupted with a loud phone ring. The girls hurried to their seats as Dr Luck answered. They all engaged in a series of introductions. Then after some small talk the conference call got underway in earnest.

Dr Main introduced herself and started the conversation. In her distinct native south sea island accent she began, "Here at the PSRI's graduate school we have a couple of research projects that we are interested in discussing with you; Mrs. Taylor and Mrs. Archer. We have looked extensively into your backgrounds and find that you ladies are privileged to have some characteristics that make you prime candidates for a couple of research projects we have planned. It turns out that within these projects Mr. Landers and his daughter, Sue-ann will assume very active roles."

The first and most important project involves Mrs. Taylor. And for you Mrs. Archer we have one you can help us with as well. But first, let's lay out the details of the first project.

Dr Main continued, "As everyone participating in this conference call is aware, Mr. Landers possess a penis characteristic that we here at the graduate school feel should be reproduced if at all possible. By the way this project has been cleared and approved by our ethics oversight committee and the board of clinical research here at PSRI.

Furthermore it has come to our attention that Mrs. Taylor has a recessive gene that if mated correctly could assist our research in duplicating Mr. Lander's unique characteristics thus making it available for future generations.

In addition we would like to invite Mrs. Archer to assist us in a program of transitioning our young male subjects into healthy, productive sex partners. It turns out we have a shortage of seasoned women to transition our young single males. This program is a very important part of our native island culture. While being frowned upon in most of the western world, this is a way of life that the natives have practiced for generations and must be preserved for future generations. A lot of the research here is focused on the healthy perpetuation and preservation of the local culture.

Jeni, Gwn and Sadie all glanced at each other with puzzled looks on their faces. Dr. Luck could hardly contain his amusement.

Jeni, acting as the spokesman for the group spoke up, "this is overwhelming. I don't know where to begin. You folks are half way around the world. How can that involve both Gwn and I."

For the first time they heard someone laugh on the other end of the line. Dr. Main further explained, "We know that we have given you a lot to think about in a short period of time and having said that, PSRI would like to extend Mrs. Taylor and Mrs. Archer an invitation to visit us here at Lia Pauloa, all expenses paid by PSRI. There are a lot of details that need to be covered...too many to cover in this short phone call.

By the way if you need more encouragement after the introductory meeting, you will be given a 'home-base' set of cabins here on our graduate school campus. You also have the freedom to stay at you own pleasure with the Dutchman and Jeni will have the same privileges with Sue-ann and her fiancé. It will be a great vacation for both of you and we are excited and hopeful that you could possibly become part of our research family."

As far as travel plans are concerned, that is, if you decide to visit, keep in mind, there is no cost to you. Our travel coordinator will contact Sadie and work out all travel arrangements. Gwn and Jeni, We hope you can make your decision in a couple of days.

As Jeni was driving home she looked over at Gwn and said, "Wow, what a surprise. That's an offer we can hardly refuse."

Playfully Gwn asked, "And why is that?"

Jeni replied. "I don't even have to think about it, my decision is made. For one thing, PSRI is a graduate sex research center, so I'm certain sex is going to be involved somehow and you know me, I'm all for education...and research. Furthermore if the Dutchman is involved there may be a chance to hook-up with him again. But it looks like you are going to get first dibs as you will have free-rein to visit him at any time.

Gwn continued to ask questions. "We sure didn't get too many details. I wonder what they have in mind when they talked about passing on sex characteristics; then something about my recessive gene. What is that all about and what would that have to do with me?"

Jeni laughed and in her age-old wisdom said, "Gwn honey, just lay back, no...better yet, climb on top and enjoy the ride."

Gwn laughed with Jeni and said, "I guess you're right we might as well get packing. We would never forgive ourselves if we didn't take this opportunity."

"Jeni answered, "We need to let the kids know that we have an all expense paid vacation available to us and that we'll be gone for 4-6 weeks. Do you think we can be packed and ready to go in a couple of days? I'll call Sadie now, and tell her to go ahead and setup the trip."

The TRIP:

As they boarded the plane out of LAX, the sky was a bit overcast and it appeared some rain would be falling soon. Shortly after takeoff their gloomy moods changed as the plane broke through the cloud cover and the rest of the flight was accompanied by sunlight and clear skies all the way to Honolulu.

Jeni looked over at Gwn and said, "You have a look of anticipation all over your face. I would too if I were anticipating a meeting with 'The Dutchman'."

Gwn laughed and responded, "Now, now Jeni, he's only providing me some island hospitality. He'll probably have a hard time remembering me at all."

"Oh I don't think so," Jeni replied. "You've got that pink flush all over your face. I could tell that he had some special feeling for you after your first session with him. For me it was just a much needed screwing. Don't get me wrong, it was great and he gave me one of the best I ever had; no more no less."

"I guess I was daydreaming about him," Gwn commented. "I know us prim and proper ladies are not supposed to have these thoughts, but I had this flashback when Grant and I were hooked-up the first time. How silly I must have looked being literally hung up with this man with cellulite on my hips and hair strewn everywhere. If you were a fly on the wall looking at such a spectacle you would have thought that was the stupidest thing you ever saw."

Jeni laughed and said, "Oh no... I felt the same way when he and I had our session. A few wrinkles be damned, I didn't care how stupid it looked. All I know is that the most incredible sex experience I've ever had was occurring inside my body. When that big orgasm hit, I'll never forget it. And there were a few more after that."

Gwn said, "Well maybe we will get another chance. I know we are not making this trip half way around the world for nothing."

Jeni took a deep breath and commented, "We'd better change the subject, my panties are so wet now I've got to go to that little cramped bathroom and dry up a bit.

Gwn laughed, "I'm in the same shape, hurry back."

Amazingly as the small island commuter started final approach into the Lia Pauloan Airport, the two girls were amazed at the idyllic view the island presented. Gwn pointed out the crystal clear azure water rolling onto the white sandy beach. Huge fields of tropical fruit plantations seem to layout for miles onto the land and were dispersed beautifully within the tropical forests.
