 Author's note: Sorry for the wait on this chapter, guys. I was on vacation. I'm back now though and I'm gonna work on getting chapters out on a regular basis again. This chapter introduces a few new characters with a lot of sex! As always I'd love to hear any feedback or suggestions you might have. Please rate and comment!

=============================================

Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, places and characters are products of my imagination and used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual people and events are purely coincidental. All characters are over the age of consent. 

=============================================

Countess Eliana

=====

Eliana laid on the large four poster bed, rocking back and forth as her husband, Count Owen Eryon, humped her in missionary position.

"Ugh... Ugh... Ugh..." The count moaned with each motion, and soon came inside her. Eliana turned her face to hide her frown of disappointment. The count stood and wiped his already flaccid penis with the sheets, and dressed himself. "That was great, my dear." He said, out of breath. "I must go now. I have a meeting with the consortium."

Eliana didn't respond, and sighed to herself after her husband left. She rose from the bed and cleaned herself, and looked at herself in the mirror. The countess had been truly blessed by the gods, the reflection in the mirror looked like something straight out of legend. She had the regal features of a royal, high brows and cheekbones, a well defined chin line that looked as if it had been sculpted out of marble, and dark, smoky eyes which smouldered with sexuality even without the help of makeup. If someone had said she was descended from the goddess Niesa herself, no one would have batted an eye.

As royal as Eliana appeared, however, it could not change the circumstances of her station. She'd been born to a poor peasant family, and her parents had recognized her great beauty since she was very young. They saved all they could in order to send her to the city, where she went to school and learned to behave like a lady. She did all she could to act like a noblewoman, but could never dream of affording the dresses, the jewelry, and the lifestyles of the nobles at the capital. The ladies of the capital often ridiculed the way she dressed and her peasant background. The pretty ones were especially harsh, jealous of the fact that, pretty as they were, they could never match the divine beauty of Eliana. She dreamt of a day when she'd have all the money she'd ever need and could mingle with the nobles of the royal court.

Once she became of age, Eliana never had a shortage of suitors. Some were young dukes and counts bedazzled by her beauty, and some were rich old lords and barons looking for a hot young mistress. After much deliberation, she had finally agreed to marry Owen Eryon, her now husband. Owen was the son of the leader of the Silver Medallion Consortium, a coalition of merchants who dealt in mining and smithing. His family was enormously wealthy, and it didn't hurt that Owen himself was tall and dashingly handsome. Eliana had thought she'd made the right choice, as she no longer needed to worry for money at all, and could finally afford all the luxuries she'd dreamt of.

However, her bliss was short-lived. The high society she so desperately sought to be a part of still excluded her, and the ladies at court still looked down upon her. To them, no matter how rich she might have become, she was still a plebeian, a trophy wife of a lower count. She had all the material objects she could want, but now she yearned for more. Her once handsome husband who used to fuck her brains out every day is now pot-bellied and lacked the youthful energy he once had, not to mention he was constantly busy once he'd taken over his father's business.

Eliana tried to encourage her husband to climb the social ladder. She wanted him to go to the parties, grab the attention of the higher lords, perhaps even volunteer his services to the crown, in hopes that he'd one day be raised to a duke. However, as a son of a businessman, Owen only cared for gold and did not have the ambition to climb the ranks of nobility.

Eliana ground her teeth in frustration in front of the mirror. She'd been a good and faithful wife, and did everything her husband asked of her. But now she squared her jaw and made up her mind: she would languish no more in her current position. She wasn't going to spend the rest of her life being mocked by everyone around her. She knew the value of her beauty, and wasn't going to let it go to waste.

"Damien!" She shouted, and her slave rushed in the room.

"You called, m'lady?" The slave asked.

"Fetch my cloak. We're going to Ingrid's party."

"A..Are you sure, m'lady?" Damien stammered.

Eliana glared at the slave, as if daring him to comment further.

"It's just... M'lady... Lady Ingrid's parties have a rather... unsavory reputation." Damien pushed on haltingly while sneaking glances at the countess to judge her mood.

Damien was right, and Eliana almost decided against going to the party. Countess Ingrid Eorten was perhaps the only noblewoman who did not look down on Eliana. Her husband was also a merchant, and was often away on business, and in her husband's absence, she'd hold lavish parties for the elite. The parties themselves were innocent enough, and often boring. It was what happened after these parties that Damien spoke of. It was rumored that afterwards, some of the guests would then don masks to hide their identities, and participate in wild orgies.

Lady Ingrid herself was quite a slut, to call it an open secret would be an understatement, but it was understood that once one donned the mask, they were anonymous, regardless of whether their identities were as obvious as a thief stealing a bell. Her husband had even caught her many times, but could not divorce her lest he become the laughingstock of the entire capital, for to do so would be to openly admit being cuckolded.

Eliana hesitated. There would be no question of why she was at the party if she went without her husband. But I must go... to... to... What was her plan, exactly? What was she hoping would happen? She did not yet know, but at least she'd be able to vent some frustrations.

"Just go fetch my cloak!" Eliana snapped, and Damien bowed before scurrying away.

-----

The sun had gone down by the time they arrived at the Eorten manor. Eliana handed her cloak to Damien and headed inside. The party was already in full swing, fancily dressed nobles mingled and chatted amongst themselves, while slaves served trays of food and drink. The open-roofed courtyard was well lit with candle lanterns, and a band of musicians played their instruments by the fountain. One of the lute players wore a collar with two emeralds, and sang with a clear voice which sounded like a cool spring gushing forth. Eliana recognized the player as the famous slave-bard Mendel, whose performances had made his owner, Lady Voren, a fortune. Eliana had heard unbelievable rumors of dalliances between Mendel and some noblewomen. Who would want to fuck a slave... But now, seeing the throng of noble ladies gathered, practically swooning, around him, those rumors didn't seem so far-fetched.

Eliana headed further into the house, looking around nervously for her friend. Heads turned wherever Eliana walked, men looked at her with barely disguised longing and lust, and some women watched her with admiration, while others stared daggers with looks of pure jealousy, bordering on hatred. She began to regret her choice of wardrobe for the evening. She'd worn a dress in the style of the far east, one which was very form fitting, and left her shoulders and ankles exposed and bare. The most eye-catching part of the dress, however, was a large opening in the upper chest, a window which revealed a large portion of her cleavage. Eliana had naturally large breasts and buttocks, and they filled her dress nicely, giving her curves which enchanted every men in the room.

Eliana finally spotted Lady Ingrid across the room. Her friend was ever the exhibitionist, her dress was extremely low cut down the back, and revealed enough of the crack of her ass that it was obvious she was wearing nothing underneath. Eliana watched as an older nobleman wandered close and ran his hand slowly down the lady's exposed back, surreptitiously sliding a finger down her asscrack. Ingrid turned to smile at the man, and in doing so noticed Eliana standing across the room. She rushed over to the countess, and gushed excitedly. "Eliana! My dear, how good it is to see you at my little gathering. You look absolutely delicious!" Lady ingrid was slightly shorter than Eliana, but full of energy. She had wavy brown hair, which perfectly framed her almond shaped face.

"Thanks, Ingrid. That's quite a dress you are wearing." Eliana said.

"Thank you my dear." Ingrid winked, her dark black eyes twinkling in the lantern light. "I'm feeling particularly randy tonight." She whispered. "Your husband's not with you?" She asked with a feigned innocence.

"No, it's just me," Eliana said nervously. "He had business to attend to."

"Perfect, we can accompany each other for the evening." Ingrid winked again. "We're going to have some fun tonight, you and I."

-----

The party started to wind down late into the night. The food was good, and the wine better, and Eliana had thoroughly enjoyed herself in the company of her friend, lady Ingrid. After a while Eliana was able to ignore all the looks people were giving the two of them, as a pair of ladies without their husbands and dressed the way they did drew a lot of attention. Ingrid had spent the evening flirting indiscriminately, and Eliana saw quite a few of the men slip their hands under the lady's dress to grope her ass. Ingrid, on her part, did not mind in the slightest, and seemed to welcome their touch, even going so far as to grind her ass into their hands.

Eliana herself didn't do too bad either. Men of all ages asked her for dances, and she was happy to accomodate, ignoring the needle-like stares of the wives of those who were married. The men's eyes were all filled with lust, but they were polite enough and didn't go too far beyond some casual caresses of her ass. She was breathless near the end of the night from the exertion, and called out to her friend. "Ingrid! Thank you for the party, it's the most fun I've had in a long time."

"Surely you're not leaving already, my dear!" Ingrid exclaimed, and then leaned forward to whisper. "I've got a lot planned for later, you know."

"Oh, I don't know..." Eliana blushed, knowing exactly what Ingrid had planned. "I don't think I'd be suited for... that kind of a party."

"Nonsense," Ingrid said sweetly. "With your looks, you'd be a huge hit!" She started to whisper once again. "Besides, I think we both know why you came to my party without your husband..."

Eliana's face turned bright red, and she whispered back, her voice barely audible. "W-What do I need to do."

"Oh don't you worry, my dear." Ingrid said, again with a twinkle in her eyes. "Just follow me, I'll take very good care of you."

Ingrid turned to the thinning crowd of party-goers, and shouted over the din. "Party's over, my dear ladies and gentlemen! I'll be serving some... after party refreshments in the upper level, if anyone wishes to partake."

The party dispersed, but no one went upstairs. Eliana turned and looked at Ingrid, questioningly. Ingrid whispered to her. "Don't worry, they'll be there." She then led Eliana to a side room, and opened a closet. Eliana gasped, inside the closet were the sluttiest and most revealing articles of clothing she'd ever seen. There were silk dresses so sheer they might as well have been transparent, as well as hose and dresses entirely made of fishnet. There was also an assortment of masks, well designed and crafted.

"Pick anything you like, dear." Ingrid said. She herself made no move to change, but only pulled the front of her loose dress apart to reveal her voluptuous tits, and picked out a pair of small medallions connected with a golden chain, and attached them to her nipples.

"Won't they figure out who you are if you don't change?" Eliana asked.

Ingrid laughed. "Everyone knows each other's identities. That's the beauty of the mask," She continued. "With it on, you can carry on being a lady once the party's over, but without it, you'd be known city-wide the next day as a wanton slut."

Eliana hesitantly picked out the most discreet dress she could find, a sheer black dress that hugged her like a second skin, but did not hide her breasts and crotch whatsoever. She picked up a large mask which covered her eyes, nose, and the side of her face, only leaving her lips and jaw visible, but Ingrid shook her head, and said. "Don't worry about anonymity, my dear. Everyone will know who you are anyway. Here," She picked up a mask that were essentially a pair of dark glasses, with flares on each end. "This will do a much better job of showing off your lovely face."

Eliana hesitated once again, but decided to trust Ingrid. After all, she'd never heard of anyone from one of Ingrid's parties who had their identity leaked.

"Ready?" Ingrid asked, and Eliana nodded. Lady Ingrid took her friend's hand, and led her upstairs. Eliana glanced around while they were climbing the stairs, and was reassured to find the other party-goers also making their way up, in similar states of dress. She felt a slight pang of guilt towards her husband, but reminded herself that to him, she was only a prize he'd won through his wealth.

Ingrid led her inside a large, dimly lit room which was covered in red drapes and carpets. There were large sofas and cushions all over the place, all covered in red. A few couples were already inside, lounging on the sofas and the carpeted floor, kissing and groping each other. Slaves, male and female, entirely nude save for their collars, walked about with trays of oysters and caviar.

As more and more guests filtered in, the atmosphere in the room became more and more sensual. There was a frantic air about the room as the sexual energy built up. Eliana was surrounded by scenes of debauchery, men and women were getting undressed as they caressed and groped each other. Some of the more beautiful women had two or three partners with them, running their hands up and down each other's bodies. Soft moans and whimpers filled the air.

Ingrid and Eliana did not escape the attention of the others in the room. Eliana was without a doubt the most striking figure in the room, tall, perfectly proportioned, and her beautiful face shone even through the mask she wore. Ingrid's body on the other hand, was shorter and less... well, perfect, but her buxom breasts and the air of raw sexuality she exuded more than compensated for her flaws. Hands reached from all sides from masked suitors, grabbing at the two women's asses and tits.

Eliana was startled and apprehensive at first, her entire body taut and on edge. Ingrid saw her discomfort, and shooed away the men around them. "Let's get you settled in first." Ingrid said, as she sat her friend down on a large sofa nearby. She then called over a petite female slave, and ordered. "You there, help my lovely friend here out of her dress, and make her feel comfortable."

"Yes mistress." The slave smiled, and slinked over to slowly pull the flimsy dress off Eliana's body, leaving her body exposed. The countess could not help but notice that a large group of men had gathered around to watch her. The slave, who had the guild tattoo on her neck, pressed her body up against Eliana, and began to caress her up and down as she kissed the countess's neck and breasts.

Eliana moaned in pleasure as the warmth of the slave's body and the sensations from her expert techniques pervaded Eliana's senses. Ingrid had a wide grin on her face as she watched, slowly pleasuring herself. She grabbed a drink off a passing tray, which was only held by chains attached to the serving slave's nipples.

The guild-slave slinked down further to lick at Eliana's bare pussy. Eliana gasped in pleasure, the slave was truly well trained. The countess was no stranger to having a slave pleasure her, as she owned a few guild-slaves herself whom she used for relief when her husband could not satisfy her.

"Drink this, it'll loosen you up." Ingrid said as she poured the drink down the countess' throat. The drink burned as it went down, and had a strong cinnamon taste.

"W-what was in that..." Eliana asked, the effect of the drink was already kicking in, and she felt as if a thin layer of mist had descended on her mind.

"A little bit of this, a little bit of that..." Ingrid replied. "Don't worry, we all partake." She said as she downed a glass of the stuff herself.

The slave continued her advances on Eliana's body. She licked at the countess' clit and thrusted her fingers in and out of Eliana's now dripping cunt. Eliana howled in ecstasy, whatever she drank clouded her mind, but enhanced the sensations of heat and pleasure which assaulted her senses. Through the haze of her mind and the waves of pleasure, Eliana was dimly aware of multiple men crowded around her, watching the guild-slave servicing her. The men were all fully erect and masturbated to the scene, their masked faces just blurs to Eliana's addled mind. Some of the men could hold no longer, and their seed burst forth to land in sticky strands all over Eliana and the slave.

Had Eliana been clear headed, she would have recoiled in disgust at the semen raining down on her, but in her fevered state, the hot, sticky loads all over her torso and face only served to enflame her further. The slave between her legs started to moan loudly, and Eliana realized that one of the men had grown impatient, and was using the slave for his relief.

"Oh yes sir... Fuck my little asshole." The slave drawled, and went back to flicking the countess' clit with her tongue with renewed vigor. Eliana moaned, the pleasure in her loins building up to a climax. Before she could cum, however, one of the men pulled her away from the slave and the man pounding the slave's ass, and snarled impatiently. "I've always wanted to fuck this perfect body of yours..." He mauled at her wonderfully large tits, and sucked at her nipples roughly. "Always teasing... with your tight dresses and that toned ass..." He flipped her around so that he was behind her, and rubbed his cockhead up and down her slit, and said. "I'm going to fuck you like the whore that you are..."

Normally, Eliana would have bristled and slapped the man for his words, let alone his rough treatment of her body. But in her current heated state, she only moaned and heard herself say. "Quickly... Put it in me."

The man needed no encouragement, and shoved his dick inside her hot channel, which was already slick and soaking wet from the slave's mouth. "Ohhh gods..." Eliana moaned, her entire body trembling in pleasure enhanced by the effects of the drink. The man wasted no time and thrusted at full speed from the start. Whatever she drank masked the pain of the abrupt intrusion, and instead turned it into intense waves of burning pleasure.

"OH G-GODS!!!" Eliana screamed. The sensations she felt were unlike anything she'd ever felt before. The man's cock felt like a red hot iron rod in her cunt, and quickly brought her to a screaming orgasm. "OH-AH-YEEEEEES!" Eliana screamed at the top of her lungs. She was sure that everyone in the room would have been staring at her, but she could not worry about that now, as the pleasure wiped out all vestiges of her shame.

The man did not relent as she came, but kept pounding her, and pulled at her hair roughly, arching her back. Eliana's orgasm abated after what seemed like an eternity, but the pleasure the man churned up in her cunt continued unabated. She panted like a sow in heat and her hands clawed at the sofa, and saliva drooled out of her open mouth.
