 Author's note: This chapter contains some rougher-than-usual sex, and some mother-son incest. As always I'd love to hear any feedback or suggestions you might have. Please rate and comment! 

============ 

Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, places and characters are products of my imagination and used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual people and events are purely coincidental. All characters are over the age of consent. 

The author does not condone the abuse or any untoward treatment of women. Please treat everyone with respect in the real world. Thank you! 

============ 

== 

Guard Robin 

== 

"The Prince approaches!" Robin, the head gatekeeper yelled as he watched the dust cloud raised by the royal army get closer. He could see the shades of red that flashed within the cloud. The prince sure likes red, he thought to himself. As the procession came closer, Robin could see the eldest prince, Ravon Volk, atop his massive chestnut steed, leading his troops. The prince was a large man, perhaps only surpassed in bulk by his uncle, General Kalman, and cut a terrifying figure atop his war stallion. "Open the gates!" Robin shouted, and the massive studded gates of the capital creaked open slowly, allowing entry to the army. 

Robin watched attentively as the troops passed through the gates. The prince led the pack, as he always did, and his personal bodyguards followed closely behind. A long line of wagons carrying captured prisoners were next, dirty bodies in rags packed in cages to be sold at the market, or to the Slavers' Guild. My my... They got a lot this time... Robin thought as he watched the huge line of slave wagons as they trundled creakily into the capital. What caught his eye was a lone figure that limped at the head of the wagons. It was a well built Kaskarian, with a blonde mane and ugly red whip marks all over her body. She was shackled at the feet and her hands were cuffed behind her back, and a leash connected a heavy iron collar at her neck to her mounted handlers ahead of her. Her eyes stared blankly at the ground ahead of her, unfocused and glazed, and her jaw hung, her mouth slightly agape. As she came closer, Robin got a good look at her face, and realized with a start that although she had a rugged look to her, she was really quite beautiful. A real prize... Robin thought, could she have been a barbarian princess of some sort? 

After the army passed through, one of the guards came up to Robin. "Robin! Did'ya see the size of that haul?" He said gleefully. "That Prince Ravon's really somethin'! Even General Kalman's last campaign didn't bring in this many!" 

Robin sighed and nodded towards the backs of the army as they moved into the city and out of view. "I wish I could have joined them... If it wasn't for my damn leg..." He had injured his right leg in a previous campaign, and was put on guard duty. He lived comfortably enough as the head gatekeeper, but he longed for the excitement of battle. Not to mention the fact that as an officer, he could claim one or two slaves for his own as spoils. 

The guard gave him a wry smile. "Yeh... Not me, my friend. Ordinary soldiers like me die first, and even if we live 'till the end, we ain't the ones gettin' the booty." 

"If you don't take any risks, you'll never get the rewards." Robin responded. "I slogged through many campaigns before I got to where I am." 

"I know, I know." The guard nodded sheepishly. "But I ain't got the skills or the ambition. I'm happy being a lowly guard. No excitement or fancy slaves for me, no sirree. The dockside brothels are cheap enough." 

Robin sighed again, and turned away. Perhaps it was for the best, he thought of the two pretty little slaves he'd captured personally in the previous campaign that waited for him at his house, and felt a stirring in his loins. Yeah... Can't complain. 

== 

Prince Avery 

== 

Avery stood at the inner gates, watching his eldest brother approach. Prince Ravon came with only a handful of retainers, and had changed into their ceremonial armors. Ravon wore a resplendent set of bright red armor with flared shoulders, and the heavy armor only made him look even bigger than his already considerable build. 

Avery never had any semblance of a brotherly relationship with Ravon. The eldest prince had a towering ego ever since he was a child, and went on the war-path as soon as he became of age. Ravon loved war, revelled in it, lived for it. Their uncle Kalman might also be a lover of violence, but Ravon was on another level of his own. He often got himself in trouble with his headstrong charges, but somehow always carried his troops through with his martial prowess. 

Avery turned to Mursa and Garo, his newly hired barbarian bodyguards, and said. "When we meet my brother... He is not fond of your peoples, and is probably going to say all sorts of unsavory things. You two must not rise to his provocations. Stay quiet and let me do the talking, please. Do you understand?" 

The barbarian couple grunted their acknowledgement as the gate creaked open, and the first prince trotted through atop his great steed, towering over the welcoming party. 

"Little brother." The prince said. Ravon had strong, handsome features, a wide, square jaw, and thick, furrowed brows which made him look constantly angry. His eyes, however, were always the features that drew Avery's attention. The young prince shuddered inwardly as he looked into them. They were just as he remembered, a deep, dark black tinged with madness which threatened to consume those who looked into them. 

"Brother Ravon," Avery replied formally. "Welcome back, and congratulations on your successful campaign." 

Ravon did not reply, but instead stared behind Avery at Mursa and Garo, who met his gaze steadily. "Didn't think you were the type to keep barbarian slaves." 

"They're not slaves." Avery cleared his throat. "I've hired them as bodyguards." 

"Pity," Ravon said, unblinking. "I'd have loved to borrow that one from you for a night or two." He jutted his chin out, pointing towards Mursa. 

Avery could feel the heat of the barbarian couple's anger radiating out from behind him. But thankfully, they did not respond. 

"Where's Jacob and our uncle?" Ravon asked, still staring at Mursa as his gaze roved up and down her chiseled physique. 

"They are yet to arrive. Scouts tell me they're but a few days away." 

Ravon nodded and started to ride off. 

"Uh... Brother..." Avery said. "Where are you going? We have a welcome feast prepared for you and your men." 

"No need. I'm going to see mother." The huge man said without turning back. 

Avery stared at his brother's back, nonplussed. He stood for a few seconds longer, and shrugged. "More for the rest of us." 

== 

Queen Carosa 

== 

"Oh gods yes... Keep fucking me just like that..." The queen moaned as she was being pounded from behind. The queen was a beautiful woman, although she was approaching her middle age. She had soft, brown hair and eyes of the same color. She had a well built physique, with long legs and medium-sized breasts which have not yet begun to sag due to her age. Her stomach was not as flat as it once was, having given birth to three sons and a daughter, but was still toned and sexy. 

Her hands clawed at the cushions beneath her as the sounds of flesh thudding against flesh reverberated in the secluded room. "O-Oh yes baby... I missed your big c-cock so much..." She turned her head to look at the hulking figure of her favorite son, Ravon, thrusting into her sopping cunt with wild abandon. 

"Yes! Yes mother! I missed you as well. All the Kaskarian pussy in the world can't compare to yours, mother!" Ravon's already maniacal eyes grew even wilder, revelling in the taboo pleasure of his incestuous coupling with the woman who gave birth to him. 

"YES!" Screamed Queen Carosa. "Tell me about how you fucked them! H-Hearing about my conquering hero's valiant deeds makes me so wet!" 

"After every battle," Ravon panted as he kept thrusting into his mother. "Right before I razed their villages." Ravon leant forward to whisper directly into his mother's ear. "I'd gather the most beautiful of their women, and ravage them right in front of their men." 

"L-Lucky cunts... They should feel honored that you would b-bless them with your royal scepter!" The queen yelled, her eyes glazing over from the pleasure of her own son pounding into her from behind. 

"Yes, I would fuck them until they screamed my name!" Ravon bragged. "Just like how I'm going to make you scream it!" He started pounding into the queen with increased urgency as he felt himself getting close. He'd not fucked his mother for the better part of a year, and the familiar feeling of her velvety cunt drove him wild. 

"O-OH RAVON!!" The queen screamed loudly, her shrill voice amplified by the quietness of their surroundings. "Make me cum! Make me cum on your huge cock! Fuck me like a barbarian whore!" 

Ravon groaned loudly as he felt his mother's pussy clamp down on him as she came, and could no longer hold on. "UGH!!" He grunted as he came, flooding his mother's vagina with his seed. 

--- 

A few minutes later, Carosa sat against the wall, leaning against her son. She idly traced her fingers down Ravon's broad, muscular chest, and whispered. "I wish I didn't have to drink the cydrea tea every time you came inside me." 

"Once I'm King, I'll abolish that law and make you my queen, mother." Ravon said. "And you'll bear my children." 

Carosa hesitated, dropped her hand and sighed. 

"What is it, mother?" 

"Your father, the king..." The Queen said haltingly. "He changed his mind..." 

"WHAT?!" Ravon shouted thunderously. "You said you convinced him to pick me as his successor!" He clamped one huge hand around Carosa's throat, and slammed her against the wall. "You said I would be king!" 

"P-Please..." Carosa managed to gurgle weakly. "Y-You're hurting me." 

The flames in Ravon's eyes subsided slightly, and he loosened his grip, allowing his mother to slip to the ground. "Explain." He said through gritted teeth. 

Carosa coughed, catching her breath. "Your father... I-I really tried, my dear. But he keeps saying he cannot decide!" 

Ravon bent down slowly, gripped the queen's hair and pulled her head towards him, hard. "You said... You convinced him..." 

Carosa stared into the dark abyss that was her son's eyes, the deep, black wells of madness which both excited her and made her afraid. "H-He doesn't have a choice. Avery is far too young and irresponsible, and Jacob is... Well, we all know your father would never pick him. It has to be you!" She stroked her son's face, trying to calm him. "He'll come to his senses. I'll make sure of it." 

Ravon looked, and saw the fear upon his mother's face. A fresh wave of lust came upon him, and he lowered her head to his crotch, still holding her hair, and said. "You lied to me... Show me how much you want to make it up to me... How much you love me." 

Carosa smiled. "Oh baby... I'd do anything for you..." And lowered her mouth onto her lover's cock. 

== 

Prince Jacob 

== 

Jacob's carriage stopped after they entered the city, and he heard a rapping on the door. "What is it?" Jacob asked as he enjoyed a blowjob from his slave Ava. 

The small window of the carriage opened, and one of the prince's retainers peeked in, sparing only a cursory glance at the gorgeous Ava sucking the prince's long cock, and said. "You wanted to know if Prince Ravon already arrived?" 

"Well?" Jacob asked impatiently, shoving Ava's head up and down his cock, causing her to make sloppy, wet gurgles as she struggled to take his length. 

"The gatekeepers tell me he arrived two days ago, and general Kalman arrived just yesterday." 

Jacob grunted his acknowledgement as he came, spurting his seed directly down Ava's tight throat. "Ahh... Finally, I'll soon be free of this fucking carriage." He groaned. It'd been a long trip, and he'd have gone mad had it not been for the twins and... Various sources of entertainment along the way. Jacob licked his lips as he recalled Karen the farmhand. 

--- 

A little while later, Jacob lounged, alone, in the bath of one of the many houses he owned inside the capital. He did not waste all his political and business connections, and owned more land than anyone in the kingdom. This house was one of his favorites. He'd designed the place himself, making sure that it was entirely soundproof and spyproof, with multiple escape routes. He even had the entire construction crew's memories of the building erased by the Mages' Guild. It had cost him a great deal of gold, but he knew it was well worth it. 

Normally, his bath would have been filled with slaves frolicking and servicing him, but he'd been having sex nonstop in the carriage trip here, having had nothing else to do. Even as a man with such an insatiable appetite, he felt so sore and fatigued that sex was the last thing on his mind. 

He'd sent the twins out into the city to gather some information. He had a feeling that this year's autumn festival would be unlike any other. There was a tension in the air of the capital. He'd caught a glance of some of his older brother's men on his way to his manor, and their looks back were somehow even unfriendlier than usual. 

Ada, who wore an eye-catching white leather dress, entered the room as he lay in the bath, lost in his thoughts. The diamond on her collar glinted in the dim candlelit bathing chamber. "Jacob, have you been in that bath the whole time?" She admonished. "Get out of there, it's not good for your skin." 

The prince merely waved dismissively. "Just tell me what you've found." 

"Your brother's campaign was a massive success... He's managed to capture one of their queens, apparently." She continued, ignoring the scowl on Jacob's face. "Your uncle's campaign should be wrapped up before winter as well. The king's condition has worsened and he's now entirely bedridden. His physicians are not confident that he'll make it through the year." 

Jacob nodded. He'd been making preparations for this day. He had close ties to the majority of the high lords of the court, and was confident of their support in a bid for the throne. Ravon might have the most men at first glance, but Jacob's influence would allow him to rally more men over a longer period of time, should he have the need. However, unlike his brute of a brother, Jacob did not wish to resort to force unless absolutely necessary. 

"Any hints as to who my father plans to name his successor?" 

"No," Ada answered. "But our plan don't change either way, do they?" 

Jacob watched the water drip from his fingers idly. "No, but it would make it much easier if my senile father would simply pick me." 

Ada smirked. "That would never happen, and you know it." 

Jacob grinned, and was about to respond when Ava entered. "My prince," She reported. "There's a new Candran ambassador, and he seems to be already acquainted with the young prince and Minister Orvon." 

"A new ambassador?" Jacob scowled. "Damned opportunists... We'll have to watch out for this ambassador. Who knows what Candra plans to gain from the moment of turmoil when my father passes." 

"Jacob," Ada's expression turned serious. "You need to get Orvon on our good side. That man threatens us more than your brothers and all the lords of the court combined." 

"Yes," Jacob replied. "Not to mention the fact that I'll need him once I become king." Everyone knew that Orvon was the one who kept the kingdom running, even when the king was still healthy. Orvon was also Spymaster, and was one of the reasons why Jacob insisted on spending a fortune to spyproof his manor. 

"Keep an eye on my mother as well." Jacob ordered. "She's more dangerous than she appears, and she's always favored Ravvy." He said, using Ravon's childhood nickname with derision. "She'd do anything to help him ascend the throne. I've already caught a few lords that I thought were loyal to me talking to her." 

"Yes, sir." Ava and Ada said together. 

Jacob ground his teeth. Things were coming to a head, and he was not nearly as prepared as he wanted to be. The Candran ambassador threw in a new unknown variable, and Jacob still had no plans on how to deal with Orvon. 

Ada watched the prince carefully, and knew from experience that an irritated Jacob will soon demand "release". The last time he looked this stressed, henearly choked a slave to death. Ada slipped out of her skin-tight dress, and slinked into the bath. 

"Relax, my prince." She said with a dusky tone. "Let me make you feel better." She slowly sank under the water, and wrapped her lips around Jacob's flaccid cock. Ava followed her sister's lead, stripped down and sat down in the bath next to Jacob. She caressed the prince's body gently and nibbled and kissed at his ear. 

Under the water, Ada held her breath as she sucked the prince's cock vigorously. Soon, she had to come up for air, but found herself being kept down by Jacob's strong hand. She was soon struggling for air, and bubbled and spluttered as she fought against the prince's grip. 

Jacob grinned sadistically as he held Ada underwater. "Master..." He heard a worried Ava say next to him. 

"Don't fret." He said as he let Ada come up for air. 

Ada gasped and coughed as she took in huge gulps of air. Jacob admired her ruined face, the makeup that streaked down from her eyes, and the wet hair that clung onto her face. He leant down and kissed her on the lips, and moved behind her, shoving his now rock-hard erection into her dripping pussy. 

"Oh gods..." Ada moaned hoarsely, still recovering from the harsh ordeal underwater. "Pull my hair, master." She groaned urgently, incredibly aroused from the prince's rough treatment. 

Jacob smirked as he complied, gripping her hair and pulling her head back roughly. He knew just how to push Ada and reduce her into a submissive fuck toy, and he so enjoyed breaking the normally intelligent and icy Ada into a whimpering cum receptacle. 

"Ah... Ah..." Ada gasped as Jacob fucked furiously, unable to even scream as the relentless assault on her cunt overwhelmed her mind with pleasure. As Jacob fucked her, he would shove her head beneath the water at long intervals, and pull her back up by her hair as she approached her limit. 

After a short while of intense rutting, Jacob pulled out and pulled Ada's face under his cock, and unloaded his royal seed all over her face with a loud groan. The ropes of cum fell across the loyal slave's ruined face, painted one of her eyes shut, and draped across her open mouth 

"Thank you, master." Ada drawled lustily as she licked at the white cum around her lips. 

Jacob panted as he sat back in the bath, and watched as Ava approached her sister and licked her face clean. "Leave me now." He said while catching his breath. "I have much thinking to do." 

== 

Minister Orvon 

== 

The day of the festival was finally here. Orvon surveyed the scene around him in the great hall of the palace. The hall was grandiose in size, and had a high, arched ceiling. Gigantic candle chandeliers hung from the roof, and the floor was filled with long tables laid out in neat rows. The area around the throne was raised, and a large white table was laid there. Orvon sat to the right of the empty throne, and could see the entire hall from his position. Falin, the Candran ambassador, sat next to him in the place of honor, and his slave Elsi knelt on the cushion next to him. The rest of the table was occupied by the other ministers of the court. There were a few empty seats reserved for the royal family, who would later, by tradition, make an entrance. The throne itself, however, would stay empty, as the King was much too ill to attend the banquet. 
