 First of all I want to thank all of you who have read this series and sent me all the nice comments and votes! Hope you will enjoy the next chapters as well, and please continue sending me suggestions on how to improve my writings. 

********

Teri was starting to feel funny. That wine must have been drugged, she thought while trying to stay awake. She had given in to the temptation and was sitting in the tub as Morgan had walked in and collected her tray. He looked her up and down and murmured something like 'lucky devil'. She imaged he meant her, behaving like a pampered guest as they were slaving to fulfil her every wish. 

This hotel was not so bad, she concluded. If only they stopped spiking the wine and started to perform a striptease right in front of her instead. One wouldn't need a television for entertainment then. She giggled by the thought of a half naked Connor slowly undressing himself in front of her starving eyes. She laid her head on the pillow and stared lazily up into the ceiling. 

The room literally swam in front of her eyes. She closed them and let her thoughts drift to the sight of the captain of this theatre ship. Nice looking fellow and well strapped. She wouldn't mind having a closer look at that tempting body of his. Maybe she should have become a cop after all. Then she would be allowed to strip search this bunch of theatrical geeks. 

A sudden sound awoke her and she opened her eyes. The room was still swimming around, but some blue colours were new. Another person, she thought sleepily before laying back on the pillow. She smelled a fresh and manly aftershave that seemed somewhat familiar. It smelled nice and she doused and closed her eyes again.

***

Connor walked over to the dozy female laying spread out in the bathtub. She was just as beautiful as he had hoped for. Morgan had clapped his back once more on the way out, and told him to have fun and just call if he needed any help with the beautiful creature. Looking at the parts of her body visible through the foam, he decided Morgan would not have to be called on for this preparation. 

His cock gave an answering tug as he looked her up and down, noticing a slim leg lying lazily on the side of the tub. No way if he was going to beg Morgan for any help in fucking this tempting creature of a female. He would have no problem in completing this task whatsoever, and he felt his cock harden even more as he roamed his eyes all over her body. 

Very slowly he moved toward her and felt the warm vapours drifting through the air. He unbuttoned his shirt in a leisure movement, trying to lengthen every minute of this experience. He removed his shirt and started for the first buttons in his trousers. His cock was almost erect now, and he welcomed the release from the pants. His cock hardened even more and stood proudly into the air. 

Easy now, he told himself. He had all the time he could want. Several days, in fact. He would fuck her in every position and every way he could think of. And then he would start all over again and fuck her one more time. All he had to do was remember the rules: Not giving her an orgasm. Apart from that he could indulge himself every way he wanted. He breathed slowly and heavily. 

Moving closer to her, he sat down on the floor beside the bathtub and reached out a hand to touch her shoulder. Roaming his hands over her wet and warm skin. He moved his hand along her arm, all the way to her fingers before roaming back up again and stroking her neck slowly. She leaned into his touch and gave up a small moan. He moved his hand down her chest and circled each breast in turn, before stroking slightly the protruding nipples. She arched willingly in accordance with his touch and her skin became warmer. 

The drugs had rendered her much more relaxed than earlier that evening. Still, he wanted her to enjoy the experience as much as he could. He had to make sure she wanted the mating, to make her long for a hard cock inside of her body, to crave a man's touch all over her skin. He stroked her slowly across her chest, following her body downwards across her stomach before moving along her upper thighs. 

Carefully stroking down her legs he spread his hands along her skin, slowly awakening her hungry flesh to the feeling of his. She moaned and stretched almost like a cat, following each of his caresses with her body. His hand moved from her ankle and onto the inner side of her legs. She spread them willingly, giving him easier access as he followed the contours of her legs past her knees and moving slowly toward her centre. 

She caught her breath as he was almost touched her cunt, letting the air slowly escape from her mouth as he touched her clit slightly before moving further upwards to her stomach. She made a distressed whimper as if protesting the lack of touching at the correct spot. Her body was glowing to the arousing touch of his warm hands, stroking every inch of her body and getting to know her every curve, every detail. 

He chuckled by her protest, before moving further upwards and using both hands to caress her breasts and giving each several circular strokes as he gradually moved closer to her nipples. She gasped and tried to place her nipples into his hands, and gasped again as he finally relented and squeezed her nipples slightly. He leaned forward and took her left nipple into his mouth and suckled her slowly. She moaned more loudly this time and he answered her plea by sucking harder. 

He enclosed even more of her nipple and sucked her harder into his mouth. She gasped and arched her back closer to him. Her cunt felt warmer than ever as her body was heating up to this stranger's knowing touch. She did not care anymore who he was or what he wanted. Just as long as he continued doing such pleasurable things to her body she could not care less. He moved away from her after giving her nipple a firm kiss, then stroked his tongue along her skin. She gasped as he continued treating the other nipple the same way. 

Her breasts were hardened to his strokes and her nipples were so tight she could feel another wave of warmth spreading through her body. Her skin was tingling as he continued sucking her breasts into his mouth, before letting the prize go and starting anew. She gasped and gripped his head in her limp hands to prevent him from stopping. She felt his soft hair. It was short. He smelled nicely male and very comforting. She smiled slightly and tried to open her dazed eyes to see who this wonderful man could be. 

She stared at him with her drugged eyes. She could not see who it was. Still, the feeling was so nice she closed her eyes again, and just let herself feel how good he made her feel as his hands moved slowly over her body. Suddenly he moved away and she could hear the tearing of fabric as he quickly undressed. Then she felt herself being lifted and someone entering the tub behind her. 

Before she managed to see who it was she was pulled against a hard and male chest, and a pair of solid thighs were placed alongside her own, enveloping her entire body with warmth and a solid hardness. His head towered above her and he tightened his thighs alongside her own, making her feel completely surrounded by tempting male flesh. She felt a strange hardness against her back and she gasped when realising what it was. He was definitely male, she concluded. And getting more aroused every second by the feeling of that hardness gradually growing larger. 

She moved a little forward, trying to give him more space for his hardening cock. He would not have it and placed an arm around her waist, pulling her tight against his front again, and making a growling sound as her back met his hardened flesh one more time. Breathing heavily, he roamed his hand up to her breast again, circling her nipples and awakening her desires for his touch. He held her tightly and squeezed her nipples again. 

She moaned loudly and arched her body upwards to receive more touching, before moving her body suggestively against his cock. He continued roaming his hands over her, heightening her pleasures to newer levels of desperation, making her moan and long for his cock inside of her. She needed him to touch her clit, and silently tried to send him the message by raising her pelvis closer to his hands.

His hands moved lower, over her stomach and along her thighs. Separating them gently and hitching them over his. She moved willingly, laying her legs over his hard thighs that were so much larger than her own. As soon as her legs were locked above his, he spread her further, making her feel as if the warm water was invading her cunt. She moaned by the thought of the water or perhaps something bigger invading her aching cunt. 

His hands moved downwards again, stroking over her stomach and angling toward her clit. She anticipated him stroking her directly at her most sensitive spot, but prepared for another teasing. If so, she would scream with frustration. Instead he moved his fingers over her clit and stroked directly over the swollen bud as she groaned by the intense feeling spreading through her body. 

Her body was practically screaming for release from the warmth and the intensity of his touch. He continued stroking over her clit, making the warm water feel even warmer than before as her body began to shake slightly in anticipation. He rubbed her clit a few times, before continuing stroking slowly all over her body, concentrating particularly on her breasts and clit. She moaned loudly while stretching all her muscles. 

Allowing him access to all the parts of her body he wanted to touch. She reached out and tried to touch him as well. But situated behind her the options were limited and she settled for roaming her hands up and down his thighs. Bending forward and slightly away from his chest, she moved a hand behind her back and met hot flesh. 

He gasped into her ear as she continued to move her hand across his stomach before aiming straight to the hard cock still pushing into her back. She wanted to touch his cock, and finally she managed to move her hand so that she could feel the tight flesh surrounding his erect member. She moved her had slowly up and down and tried to envelop him. But it was no use. She could not fit her hand around him and tried instead to estimate his size by moving her hand around him. 

He had completely stopped moving and was simply breathing heavily as she continued to stroke and tighten her hand around his cock. Then she moved her hand upward and squeezed the head slightly and he groaned aloud as his cock gave up some spurt of lubricant to ease her way. He moaned and tried to collect his thoughts again. 

Her hand found the sensitive spot underneath the cock head and as she touched him directly at the spot he almost jumped from the intense pleasure mounting in his body. He grabbed her hands and held them in front of her while he tried to collect his breath again. This would not do. He had to grab a hold on himself. He had to stay in control in order to do this right. They sat still for a while. Teri tried to move her hands to touch his cock again. She had almost made him come and she wanted to feel his warm flesh against her hands again. 

She tried to stand up and turn toward him, but he kept her in place between his legs. She moved her hands along his thighs and copied his slow motions across his skin. His thighs were well muscles and as her hand travelled across the skin, the muscles tightened. The cock behind her jerked and felt even harder than before. 

She smiled and even her drug induced condition made her welcome the feeling of mastery over this large male. The success made her continue to roam her hands along his thighs before gripping his thighs a little harder in response as he moved his hands to stroke her clit again.

He gasped into her ear, and rubbed her clit more firmly, making her breath faster. He moved his hand further downwards to her cunt and the warm and welcome opening. He moved one finger slowly inside her body, and she moaned loudly while arching her body upwards, giving him easier access. He moved his finger out and then in again. 

She gasped by the pleasure of the intrusion and tried to clasp hard around his finger as he moved out of her again. Frustrated she moaned and moved downward, trying to mount herself onto his thick finger, rubbing her back against his hard cock in the process. He was getting even more erect and he wanted to put his cock inside of her body. 

Still, he knew she had to be more prepared before she would be able to take his size without getting hurt. He pushed another finger into her cunt, stretching her inner walls and feeling the heat from her wetness enveloping his fingers. She was getting more aroused now as her cunt enclosed around his fingers slowly fucking her tight cunt. Moaning aloud, she started moving her pelvis up and down on his fingers, trying to fuck herself on his fingers. 

He then inserted a third finger and she gasped aloud at the feeling of being filled to the rim by his warm flesh. She gripped his thighs harder as she continued fucking herself on his fingers, moving up and letting him almost escape her body, before slamming down hard onto his fingers. She wanted his cock with more and more desperation. Still, she would take what he offered and felt her orgasm closing in on her as she continued filling herself up. 

His cock felt rock hard and he decided she was ready for something bigger inside her cunt. He grabbed her around her waist and held her high as he aimed his straining cock at the opening of her cunt. The water was dripping down from her body and onto his cock, but he knew she was both wetter and warmer inside. She reached down and opened her sex lips, letting it easier for him to slip inside as he slowly lowered her onto his cock. 

She willingly spread her legs further apart and moaned aloud as he inserted his cock further into her willing body. Slowly he lowered her inch by inch, until she finally had taken him halfway into her body. She whimpered by the large member stretching her so completely and moved upwards a bit to ease the pressure before lowering herself slowly onto his cock again. He put his hands on her hips and lifted her upwards again before letting her slam down onto his cock again. She yelped and squeezed hard around him. 

He reached around her and moved his hand along her clit, making her pant and moan even more. She was getting closer to her orgasm, and he suddenly realised he would have to stop massaging her clit. She was not supposed to orgasm, the elder had said, and in a short moment he had forgotten all about the elders and their rules. He had to get more control over himself, and quickly, before he did something incredibly stupid. 

He had to make her as aroused as possible, but no more than that. He moved his hand to her hip and slowly lifted her up and almost away from his cock, then lowered her body to envelop his cock again. She was so tight around his cock he almost perished on the spot, wanting to push hard into her until he came. She gripped him hard and he could feel himself getting even closer to the finish line. 

Suddenly he could not take any more of the slow teasing and he grabbed her around the waist and raised them both up in the bathtub. Pushing her forward he let her lean onto the bathtub wall in front of them before plunging his cock into her, embedding himself to the rim. She gasped by the unexpected pleasure warming her body as he filled her cunt. He moved backward, before slamming into her one more time. Impatient for release she moved her hands to touch her clit, but he gripped them and held her hands behind her back, then pushed his cock into her welcoming heat one more time.

"I want to come," she gasped in an almost pleading tone.

"Not yet," he hissed as he continued fucking her in long and hard strokes. 

She was moaning loudly. Trying to free her hands. "Please touch me!" she gasped.

"Relax," he told her while increasing his trusts into her body. 

She moved backwards, meeting him halfway and trying to get him further into her body - to massage her clit with his cock as he pounded into her warm body. She was breathing harder now - almost gasping for breath, as she strained to tighten every muscle in her body. Connor felt his control slipping as he continued to pound hard into her tight cunt again and again. He would not last much longer. He could feel contractions starting in his cock as he pushed all the way inside her one last time. 

Burying himself to the hilt of her body, feeling the warmth and tightness surround his cock as she milked all strength out of his body as he let the orgasms take control. She tightened around him and suddenly he moaned loudly as he lost himself to the intense pleasure roaming through his body as he squirted his seed inside of her. 

For a long time he remained in the same position. His cock still buried deep inside of her warm body and leaning some of his weight on her body as he struggled to catch his breath. She was wiggling her bottom and was obviously getting impatient for her own release. Even the drug could not remove all the bodily functions and she was definitely getting impatient for her own pleasure. In fact, he suspected the ceremonial drug to be some sort of aphrodisiac to ensure the women were well prepared for the mating. He had never met a warmer and more willing partner in his life, and he was sure the drug was responsible for that. 

He sighed as he reluctantly let his cock slip away from her cunt and rose from the tub. He lifted her limp but still aroused body into his arms. As he dried her body with a towel her skin was so sensitive she jumped every time he touched her. He dried her upper body, moving the towel slowly across her erect nipples. She clung to him in an effort to stand up, and roamed her hands all over his body at the same time. Her body was still aching for release, for him to put his large cock into her tight cunt again and push hard inside of her. 

She moved her hands toward his cock again. Even in relaxed state it was larger than she was used to. And she had already had him inside of her, so she knew he was not too large for her. She wanted him again. She leisurely stroked his cock up and down the length, squeezing slightly around the head and going treasure-hunting for every sensitive spot along his cock. Taking her time around his cock as he was drying both their bodies with the damp towel. By every touch from her hands he was getting more erect.  

Too soon, he thought wonderingly. This was not normal. Three years of celibacy must have been too long, he thought. That had to be the reason as he knew he had not imbibed any drugs himself. He was probably starved after having been too long without a woman. Good thing he could indulge himself as much as he wanted these few days. 

Only a pity he could not let her come as well. He would love to feel her emerging into a powerful orgasm, her body pulsing with strong contractions gripping his cock so hard he would come with her. But the law was still the law, and he had no intention of breaking it. Still, he had barely maintained control as he plunged into her body. Slightly remembering he had to refrain from touching her clit. Making sure she was not stimulated too much as to making her orgasm. He had to be more careful from now on. 

He put his arm beneath her knees and lifted her up to his chest as she giggled and roamed her hands along his chest. 

He laid her carefully on the bed, and lay down beside her. Immediately she turned around and gripped his cock in her hands. Squeezing the head slightly, before moving her hands down to the root and tightened the grip. He groaned and turned to lie on his back, giving her more room to indulge herself with his cock. She moved her hand upwards to the head again and aimed her finger directly at the sensitive area below the head, twirling her finger around it several times as he groaned loudly. 
