 The next morning Teri awoke slowly as she stretched all her aching muscles awake. They felt sore. Maybe last night had not been a dream after all. It felt as if she had run a marathon or something. Still, she did remember quite clearly that her dream lover had not been up to scratch when it came to making her climax. 

She would have to teach him how, she thought smilingly as she rubbed her legs together in anticipation. She was already hot and her entire body was urging for release. She had dreamt of his large cock invading her body, bringing her to an earth-shattering release. She had screamed the walls down as she came, and now she wanted the dream to come true. She moved her arms down her body, and then stopped suddenly as they were stopped by another pair of hands. 

"None of that," a dark male voice said calmly. She opened her eyes in disbelief and blinked a few more times as she tried to come to grips with the person staring down at her. It was Captain Picard. No, Connor Hamilton was his name. 

A very naked captain was lying in her bed with every well-formed body part on display. She gulped visibly as she studied his body from top to bottom - absolutely every body-part. She shut her eyes, before opening them quickly again. She must be delusional. He was even better-looking than her wet dream had portrayed him. The skin suit could not have as much padding as she had first expected. Wow, this was really a vision to salvage, she thought as she tried to glue every detail into her brain. Only, she preferred the body over the face. That creep had actually kidnapped her. 

"What are you doing here?" she asked and started to fear the answer at the same time. It could not be him that had done all those things to her last night, could it? She only remembered it blurrily but she had a clear recollection of a hot male body pounding into her oh-so-willing cunt. She still felt the wetness between her legs as a witness to a hot encounter. But she could not remember the man's face.

"What? Have you forgotten me already?" he asked humorously. "Maybe I should refresh your memory?" and reached for her again. 

"No, get off me!" she screeched at him. It could not be him. The man from last night had been sweet and nice, and that did not match the captain at all. 

He stood up and moved a few meters away. "Now, now," he said. "You did seem to like my touch last night, so there's no need to get missish on me now." 

"That was you?" she asked suspiciously while nausea was starting in her stomach. She blushed profusely as she remembered how she had gone done on him and enjoyed the experience immensely. She was never this forward, she thought. And, going to bed with a stranger, a man she did not even like was not her usual agenda. Something was not right here.

"Who else?" he answered, still smiling and seemingly very proud of his own abilities. "Maybe you really need a reminder?"

"No thanks. I still remember you not being able to give me proper orgasm so go away and let me take care of that business," she said coldly while turning her back on him.

"Not being able?" he sounded less pleased now. "That had nothing to do with a lack of ability," he said emphasising each syllable of the word 'ability'.

"No? So what would you call your tendency for premature ejaculation then?"

"Premature...? Now wait a minute. I...," he said as his face was getting red, and the rest of the sentence stopped coming as he was visibly fighting for control. 

No male liked to have their manhood questioned it seems, and Teri almost smiled when noticing his angry expression. This fellow was no exception to the rule. Even how well-endowed a male was, he still didn't like to hear complaints. Oh well, a few more minutes and he would storm out in a rage. Then she would take care of business in peace, Teri thought triumphantly. 

"Look, there are a lot of ways to deal with your problem," Teri said in a calm and serious voice. "First of all you need to learn to control your ejaculation." 

"I do not have a problem," he almost yelled at her.

"Oh yes, you most certainly do, and it's nothing to be ashamed of. It happens to all men, but most of them learn the tricks at about age 18, but you're probably just a late bloomer. Or you're simply too inexperienced to know how." His face was completely red right now, and he suddenly stormed out of the room, without even noticing his undressed state.

"Tsk, tsk," Teri said aloud as she salivated over the flexing of his buttocks as he left the cabin. "That didn't take long." Oh well. Finally she had the place to herself again, and she knew exactly how to use the appointed time. Despite the captain's inability to give her an orgasm he was still a very hot creature and just the thought of him aroused her immensely. The things he had done to her body had left her desperate for release. Now, a long and warm shower combined with some serious masturbation was at the top of her menu.

***

Letting the warm water stream down her body, she finally returned to her most important problem. Her body demanded release after having that man fondling and stroking her body for so many hours. He was quite good, she had to admit. Still, when he didn't know how to finish her off, she was better off on her own. 

At least she knew how to find the clitoris without having a roadmap. Maybe she would have to show him someday. He did have a nice large cock - that she could remember very well. It had felt so good to have him inside of her, plunging in and out of her welcoming body, making her more and more aroused.

She thought about that warm feeling he had aroused so easily within her body. Stroking his hands all over her body, before plunging his thick manhood into her cunt. She shuddered just by thinking about him and the beautiful body he had displayed in front of her eyes when she woke up. Gosh, imaging having to wake up to something like that in one's bed every morning? It was enough to ensure a woman would have a constant lack of sleep. Despite his lacks, he was excellent masturbation material. 

She replayed the vision of his naked body and felt herself becoming aroused as the warmth spread all over her body. Her breath hitched and she arched her body closer to the spray of warm water hitting her breasts, envisioning him being the one touching her breasts. It made her nipples tighten and scream to be sucked into his warm mouth. She moved her hands downwards across her stomach and toward her aching clit. Touching her clit with her fingers she almost jumped by the slightest stimulation. 

Her skin was oversensitive by all the stimulation she had received and as she moved her fingers over her body and caressing her clit, she heard herself moaning and her breathing increased. Her legs trembled as she continued stroking herself while envisioning the male body from last night.

This would not take long, and she felt no need to make the feeling last any longer than it took to climax. She would rather give herself several climaxes if that was what it took to calm her aching body. She stroked harder. Her clit was hardening to her ministrations, and she spread her legs and moved her other hand toward her cunt. Putting one finger inside of her well oiled pussy, she moaned as she fucked herself with her finger. 

Still, the finger felt too small and too short to resemble his cock. She inserted another finger and pushed them as far into her body as she could manage. She squeezed her muscles around her fingers, feeling herself contract around the fingers and felt the rasping motion as she moved them out and then into her body again. She breathed hard. She moved her finger around her clit again, and she felt the first stirrings of her orgasm erupting from her centre. A few more strokes and she would crash into the climax she craved so much. 

Then suddenly she was gripped from behind, her hands lifted away from her body and held above her head as a naked body pressed hers into the wall.

She screamed out loudly, mostly from frustration. She knew exactly who it was, and her suspicions were confirmed as he said hoarsely into her ear:

"Having fun?" he asked ironically. "Well, no more of that. I said you weren't allowed to climax. Still, it would be a pity not to enjoy your body, now that you've done such a nice warm up, wouldn't you agree?"

"You watched me?" she asked hysterically. Not believing her ears.

"Of course. How long did you think it would take me to see through your bluffs?" Actually, it had taken him much more time than it should have for him to clear his thoughts, but he didn't want to let her know how much she had rattled his usually calm composure. Instead it was time for her to get a taste of her own bluffing. "There are cameras all over this place, and after all you are in my cabin. I especially liked how you warmed up that pussy for me. Want something bigger inside?" 

She whimpered as he hit her fantasies dead on. Still, she refused to answer the question. He pushed her forward again, bending his knees and letting her feel his hard cock between her thighs. She whimpered again. This time in need of having him inside of her again. 

"Tell me what you want?" he murmured into her ear.

She still refused to say anything, just moved her back toward his front, trying to get his cock closer to her pussy. 

He chuckled. "You'll get it as soon as you say it aloud," he murmured, then turned the water spray directly toward her aching breasts, fondling them at the same time. She shivered but not from cold. Her body was aching for his. She moved backwards again, opening her thighs to grip around his cock, and closing them around his shaft. He groaned, and his cock made a jerk, hitting her clit straight on. She gasped by the pleasure spreading through her body. She could not take this torture any longer.

"Take me!" she gasped. 

"What did you say?" he asked.

"Fuck me! Oh god, just put your cock inside of me and fuck me! Please, Connor!"

"As the lady requires," he said humorously and bent her upper body forward as he spread her legs a bit more. Aiming his cock at her entrance, he hesitated for a while, and she whimpered in frustration as he finally bent forward and pushed inside of her in one hard and long stroke.

She screamed by the pleasure surging through her body. Then he stopped. Still embedded inside of her body, he gripped around her waist, and forced her to take even more of him. She was almost shaking by the sheer joy surging through her body. She moved forward until she hit the wall, and then pushed backwards again, taking him all the way inside of her cunt again. She moved forward, before slamming onto his shaft again. 

Now, he started moving again, and he continued to move as she moved, and they were coming into a faster pace. He held her tight as he continued moving in and almost all the way out of her body. She stood still, concentrated on tightening her muscles around his cock as much as she could, and his inward hiss of breath told her she succeed only too well. He groaned aloud as he continued hammering into her tight body. She moved her hands toward her clit again, deciding that this time he would not be the only one satisfied.

"Oh no, you don't," he groaned out in a strangled voice, before gripping her hands and holding them up against the wall. 

"But I need to come," she whimpered. 

"Not yet," he groaned again. "Now behave or I'll take you in the ass instead." She whimpered a protest, but let her arms remain against the wall. She had never had anyone taking her in the ass, and she didn't want to start now. She decided to stop cooperating all together if she didn't get her orgasm. She relaxed in all her body, and especially in the cunt muscles. He felt her relaxing and tightened his grip on her hip. 

"What? No cooperation either? Maybe I really should take you in the ass anyway? Perhaps you'll even like it that way?"

"No way," she gasped and immediately tightened her entire body when hearing his words. She would never be able to take someone as big as him inside of her ass without serious injury. Or if not injury, it would definitely be painful, and she had never enjoyed mixing pleasure with pain. She tightened her muscles even more around his cock, and felt his cock massage her inner walls. She gasped as he plunged into her one more time.

"That was better," he groaned as he felt her grip his cock even firmer than before, and plunged inside of her body. His cock felt larger than ever before. He was probably getting nearer to his release, and she tightened even more around him, pushing her body back toward him as he tried to back away. He slammed back inside and she felt pleasure roaming through her body as he touched her G-spot inside of her cunt. 

She gasped and realised that for the first time in her life she could orgasm simply by having a cock inside her pussy. That would be a first as she had always needed her clit stroked to obtain pleasure, and she tried to angle her body again, pushing her ass back at him and meeting his cock straight on the next time he slammed into her. 

But before she managed to find the correct angle for her G-spot he moaned aloud and plunged inside of her one last time as he gripped her hard around the hips. Forcing her hips as close as possible while he exploded into her body. She felt his cock jerking inside of her and gradually turning more flaccid. He rested his hands along the wall and bent his head into the spray of water, breathing heavily into her hair. Damn it, not again, she thought. At this pace she would be pregnant before she would have the orgasm she craved so much. 

***

Later, he tied her up on the bed, telling her to get some sleep, before they landed.

"Landed where?" she wondered. She was still angry with him for not finishing her off as well. He only thought of his own pleasure, she thought angrily. Typically of her to meet such a handsome man and then find out he was lousy in bed. No, scratch that. He was definitely not lousy, or he would never have been able to make her this horny and irritated. 

In fact, he was just great up to a certain point, and then he had his orgasm and fell asleep or went away or tied her up, as he did now. That louse. He should just wait for when she got the upper hand. Then she would tie him to the bed and fuck him senseless. She would probably even let him have an orgasm or two, but only after she'd had at least four orgasms. Yep, that would do quite well. Now, she just had to find a way to get the upper hand.

"You'll see. In a few hours we'll be at Alpha Centauri." 

"Never heard of it," she answered. "You're still delusional right? Just wait until I tell the cops about you loonies. They'll lock you up forever."

"Don't be too sure about that," he said glumly and left the cabin.