 Chapter One: Reborn

The Elven Princess Brigitte stared wistfully out the window of her richly decorated bedroom, down at the great, gleaming city that lay below her and the verdant fields and valleys beyond. She looked from her perch high in the magnificent palace tower at the equally magnificent walls that surrounded the city, she felt a prisoner of them as much as a protectee. 

As she stood there the gentle wind stroked her long blonde hair, making it writhe and dance in the air like a dying fire. The long golden locks had been carefully and expertly formed into tight ringlets, a tedious process that only the nobility had any time for. From out of the mane a pair of long, tapered ears rose, the most obvious and well known feature of an elf. Each had been pierced dozens of times up and down its length and was covered with small, expensive jewels, mostly diamonds and sapphires (Brigittes two favorites).

Her gently slanted, almond shaped eyes were a piercing blue more deep than any ocean and more shimmering than the sky on its clearest day, both were crowned by long dark lashes and delicately arched brows.

Her face had a noble, uncannily beautiful appearance, free of baby fat but retaining a youthful, innocent look (she was only in her eighteenth year after all). Her nose was delicate and small, her jawline smooth and perfect. Her lips were extremely full and pouty, painted a deep, shiny red that contrasted beautifully with her flawless pale skin and her eyelids had been lightly dusted with the subtlest of blue paints.

She was very slim, as elves tend to be, her body fit but still extremely curvaceous, a figure to haunt the dreams of any man who laid eyes upon her for the rest of his life. Her small waist and taught stomach widening into slim yet perfectly rounded hips which, in turn led into the most perfect, firm, round ass and a pair of magnificently toned, long and silk smooth legs. She'd been an early bloomer and her body was fully that of a woman, even if she was only eighteen.

Her best feature, however, was almost undoubtedly her large and yet perfectly firm, almost unnaturally perky breasts, standing tall and proud atop her slim chest. They were certainly the subject of many a boys wet dream and many a young girls jealousy, most girls Brigittes age had just barely sprouted breasts, yet hers were fully grown, large even by adult standards.

Though she stood only five feet and two inches tall, short for an elf, her body was in perfect proportion and the raised heels of her shoes elevated her height slightly, in addition to making her legs and buttocks look even more magnificent than they already did.

She wore a rich, silken gown that hugged even the subtlest curve of her glorious body tightly and clung like a second skin to her ample breasts, revealing a small but enticing portion of her deep cleavage and threatening to let her endowments fall free altogether as she leaned slightly out the window. It was impossible to count how many times a prayer for her thin bodice to burst open had been uttered.

She sighed as she continued to stare listlessly out the high window, how she wished she could leave this place, have the freedom to do as she wished and not as she was told, to be unbound by the title of princess and the fame it brought with it. She wished some handsome warrior would come and take her away from here for good, she imagined how he would ravage her and they would make love all night long and into the morning hours. God how she wished she didn't have to save herself for marriage. A marriage chosen by her father no less!

As she thought of her handsome, dream lover taking her into his arms her dainty hand unconsciously ran down her flat stomach and over her crotch, lingering there for a few scant seconds.

She slowly shook herself from her reverie and walked to a large, gilded tub in the far corner of the room, drawing an uncharacteristic mid morning bath. As the tub slowly and evenly filled with warm water she returned to her spot at the window and stared a moment longer before absently tugging open the bow at the top of the lacing that held on her bodice. She slowly slipped her gown off one shoulder, then the other, gradually revealing more and more of her perfect, milky white breasts. She secretly hoped that someone down there in the city was watching her undress, looking up at her with lust, perhaps her brave warrior was even down there watching, she thought.

With a naughty smile and a firm tug she pulled her bodice down farther, letting her perfect breasts pop free from their confinement and bounce gently in the open air. Even without the support of her skin tight gown they stood proud and perky, the large, dark pink circles of her newly revealed ariolas cresting in thick nipples that pointed gently upwards towards the sky.

She stayed like that for a moment, nearly in goose pimples as she imagined some unknown man below looking up at her nude breasts. She was unsure if it was from the naughty excitement or the chill breeze but she felt her newly exposed nipples stiffen ever so slightly.

Finally, she wriggled her hips free of the gown and let it slide down her smooth legs, standing there before the window in nothing but a pair of tiny lace panties, knee high stockings and tall heeled shoes, revealing her perfect figure to anyone who might be watching. 

She stood like that a moment longer before gently cupping her large breasts in her hands and running her finger tips slowly over her semi hard nipples, they were quickly as hard as rock, standing almost painfully tall atop her smooth tits. A thick, whitish fluid leaked from her left nipple, then the right, beading on the tips and soon dribbling down her pale breasts and leaving moist trails behind it. This liquid, know to the elves as Mamsina, was as sure a sign of a female elfs arousal as the moistening of her pussy. Not even the elves themselves knew why it happened, but the endless production of what was basically a strange form of milk probably contributed to the relatively large size of Elven breasts.

Brigitte dipped her finger tips into the tiny pools of liquid and began using it as a lubricant, sliding her now moist digits over her extremely engorged nipples.

She had butterflies in her stomach and a delicious sense of extreme naughtiness as she stood there in the window like that, mamsina dripping for all to see (letting anyone but your husband see your mamsina was considered especially taboo, the activity only of whores in Elven society.)

She pumped her nipples harder before grabbing hold of them both and giving a firm tug, sending twin spurts of her thick moisture out the window and giving a slight moan at the pleasant sensation.

Reluctantly, she pulled her fingers away from her yearning nipples and wiped a bit of her Mamsina onto her flat stomach before bringing her fingers to her pouty lips and licking them clean, tasted like strawberries, she noted, never having tried it before.

Another moment passed as She suckled her finger like a child, not realizing how seductive she looked like that. A droplet of her Mamsina fell from the high crest of her nipple to the stone windowsill as she watched, running her hands down the womanly curves of her sides and to the top of her white lace panties.

Her painstakingly painted and manicured fingernails slid slowly beneath the top of her skimpy underwear and retreated beneath the thin garment, catching hold of it and pulling it down her long legs, slowly revealing the sparse, well trimmed triangle of blonde hair that constituted her bush and the tight pink lips of her sex, currently shiny with moisture. She felt her panties leave a warm, wet trail down both her thighs and realized that standing here, playing the part of the dirty girl for her imagined voyeur had turned her on even more than she thought. Her panties hit the floor with a squishing sound and she gasped at how wet she must be to soak them that thoroughly, like all elves, she got many times wetter than a human to make up for the tightness of her sex, but never anything like this!

She ran her fingers anxiously over her bush, the short trimmed hairs tickling her fingers, then gasped and jumped as her first finger met her hard clit. The sensation was amazing, she never quite got used to it no matter how many times she pleasured herself.

She parted her legs slightly and ran her finger up and down her tiny slit a few times, gathering her moisture before noticing her bath was ready. She smiled to her phantom voyeur and turned around showing her perfectly rounded ass before pausing and bending over to pull off her stockings, pushing her ass into the air and revealing her soaked pussy to whomever might be watching, her position naturally pulling it ever so slightly open and letting the cold breeze gently caress her pink walls, the bright sun reflecting off of her shining wetness.

Today was truly a lucky day for any man or boy who happened to be looking up in the village below. They were too far away to prove that it was the princess, but they'd never forget what they'd seen that day.

Brigittes bath finally ready, she turned off the water and tested it with a toe before stepping in and seating herself in the deep tub, feeling the warm water wash over her body to her chest.

Once again, she imagined her perfect lover, how he'd kiss her and run his hands over her body, her own fingers took the place of his, once more roaming over her smooth skin.

As she slowly spread her legs as wide as the tub would allow, she imagined how her dream lover would finally take her and ran a hand down her taught stomach and over her slight bush. Again, she paused over her clit and savored the sensation it gave her, but she wanted more. She began to give a low, moan of pleasure as she used two fingers to pull open the outer lips of her sex, revealing her tight inner walls. Her other hand reluctantly left its post at her sensitive nipple and one of the fingers began gently exploring the exposed inner core of her womanhood. Slowly, she began easing her finger into her unimaginably tight , wet pussy moaning in pain and pleasure as her tight walls were stretched to accommodate even this small presence.

Her finger slipped an inch into her well lubricated sex and she felt her strong walls frantically convulsing around it. She forced a second inch in, biting her lip slightly.

Finally, she painfully eased her slim finger nearly three inches into herself and hit the delicate barrier of her virginity, how she loathed it.

Her tight sex grew accustomed to the foreign presence of her finger and she began to frantically piston the digit in and out, her breath coming in gasps and screams of bliss, her body writhing in the warm water. She closed her eyes and arched her back, lifting her ass up off the bottom of the tub as she felt her orgasm start to grow deep in the pit of her stomach.

Her screams echoed through the room as she finally began to cum, waves of unspeakable pleasure shooting through her like lightning and her pussy contracting almost painfully around her finger. She felt a burst of her juices rush past her hand and her nipples spurted Mamsina, great white gobs of it landing on her chest and face. Her hips bucked furiously against her phantom lover and her bliss showed no sign of subsiding any time soon.

Just then, the great oak door to Brigittes bedroom opened, "Brigitte..." someone called before seeing her there, pussy lips spread wide, finger pistoning into her sex, perky breasts coated with thick gobs mamsina and rock hard nipples spurting out more.

Brigitte gasped and writhed there, powerless to stop her overwhelming orgasm as she saw her childhood nanny and now chief handmaiden standing dumbfounded in the doorway. "Y...your ladyship..." the woman stammered, quickly averting her eyes "I... I'm so sorry... I didn't realize that you were... um..." Her voice trailed off.

Brigittes magnificent orgasm stopped rather suddenly, leaving her feeling a tad unfulfilled and she quickly stood and wrapped herself in a nearby towel. "Please Nana don't tell my father!" She pleaded "Don't tell anyone!" Brigitte had never felt so ashamed in her life, an errant glob of her mamsina ran down her cheek and she thought she would die of embarrassment. "Yes m'Lady..." The older elf returned "I will tell no one..."

Brigitte wiped the droplet of Mamsina from her cheek "Why did you come here?" She asked, trying to salvage any scrap of her dignity that remained. "Y...your father" Nana stammered "He asked that I take you out on a picnic, for it is such a lovely day, he didn't think you'd want to be cooped up here in the palace..." Brigitte noticed that Nana was staring at her discarded panties, taking in how completely soaked they were. "yes." Brigitte said, answering Nanas last question and acting as if nothing had happened "a picnic would be lovely, let me dress and meet me in the courtyard."

Nana bowed and quickly left the room. She ran as fast as her aging legs could take her to the small palace chapel and fell fell at the base of the large prayer shrine "Lord of elves forgive my princess!" she pleaded "She knows not what she does, for her mind is still young and impressionable and poisoned by lust. Let her sins of masturbation be cleansed from her soul!"

"Masturbation?" A voice came from behind "Her royal ladyship?" Nana turned to see the palace chaplain standing there, dressed in his sumptuous robes "I.. It was an accident that I found her." Nana stammered "I walked in on her to find her finger deep in her sacred canal and her breasts covered in mamsina." She began to tear up "She's so very young!" She continued "To young to think of such sinful things!"

"She will be forgiven" The chaplain answered "Go now and let your mind be unworried and unburdened."

He smiled to himself as the woman left and stroked the scar on his left arm.

--------------------------------------

Brigitte dried herself thoroughly, carefully wiping the remnants of her masturbation away. She could hardly believe that she'd been careless enough to let herself be cought pleasuring herself so wantonly, what if her father had walked in instead of Nana? She could hardly bear the thought of it.

For such an early bloomer, she had only discovered the pleasures of her body three short months ago after waking up with her pussy soaked and nipples slick with Mamsina for what seemed like the millionth time. She'd reluctantly worked up the courage to slowly explore the mysteries of her body beneath the covers that night, just touching her clit at first, rubbing it slowly until she came hard, shooting her sticky cream all over her silken sheets.

From that day on it seemed like all she could think of was sex, sneaking into the library when she got the chance and reading as much as she could about it, peering at boys and men she met and fantasizing about them, wondering what it would be like to have them fill her. At night, she grew bolder in her explorations, massaging her slit along its length and eventually easing her thin finger into her, loving every minute of it despite the pain of her virgin walls stretching farther than they'd ever been before.

She'd played with herself every single day since that fateful night three months ago, mostly as she lay in bed but sometimes during the day, she sometimes worried that there might be something wrong with her for wanting it that much, but there was nothing she could do to stop her urges. Nana had told her of women who just couldn't say no and Brigitte strongly suspected that she was one of them.

She sighed and threw her towel aside, ashamed and embarrassed at being caught, even a little angry that what had so far been the greatest orgasm of her life was so suddenly interrupted, leaving her annoyingly unsatisfied. Even worse, there was no time to get herself off again, she'd have to go on the picnic horny.

She quickly dressed in a fresh gown and headed for the courtyard to meet Nana.

-----------------------------------------

It was indeed a beautiful day as Nana and Brigitte found a pleasant verdant hill and lay out a thick blanket and a basket filled with many delicacies and exotic foods.

They ate in uncomfortable silence for a bit before finally beginning to speak to each other again. Before long they were giggling and chatting, just like old times.

All of a sudden, Brigitte heard a strange noise in the nearby woods. "What was that?" she asked, ultra sensitive Elven hearing kicking in. Her ears angled themselves ever so slightly towards the woods, like the ears of a prowling tigress. "What?" asked Nana "I didn't hear a thing."

"It must be my mind playing tricks on me." Brigitte answered as they finished eating. "I'm going to clean up. " Nana stated "All right." Brigitte answered "I think I'll take a walk around the meadow. "Don't go far." Nana cautioned "I won't." Brigitte answered, standing and straightening the lines of her expensive skirt.

She was unbelievably horny from sitting all this time without having finished her earlier session of masturbation and a little 'walk alone' was just what she needed right now. She quickly slipped into the woods, out of Nanas sight and began walking. 

She could barely keep her hands off herself, but she forced herself to hang on until she was well out of range of Nanas hearing and vision.

She walked a bit more until she saw a clearing in the woods, in the middle a beautiful little pond, complete with a delicate waterfall. "Perfect!" She said to herself , this would let her wash away the evidence. It was a lovely day for a swim anyway and Brigitte eagerly peeled off her gown and undergarments, laying them carefully on the bank of the small pond. She knew she didn't have much time, so she eagerly jumped into the clear water, squealing as the cold liquid hit her, hardening her nipples instantly and sending a small spurt of Mamsina out of the left one.

She sat herself down on a slippery rock under the cool water and quickly began fondling her eager sex, it was not long before she felt her orgasm build in her and picked up her pace to a frantic level.

Suddenly, she heard something in the woods again, this time loud and close... Panic hit her and she leapt from the cool water, darting for her clothes. She heard another sound, even closer this time and she knew she'd made a mistake by coming here.

She threw on her clothes as fast as possible as the noise came yet again and two of the trees that formed the edge of the small clearing fell away like popsicle sticks.

There stood a monstrous creature the likes of which Brigitte had never seen before in her life. It stood nearly nine feet tall, its body muscular and thick with green, warty skin and a massive, hideous face uglier than anything Brigitte had ever imagined. It wore nothing but a small loincloth and carried a massive, crudely spiked club.

Brigitte struggled not to scream as she stepped away from the beast. He roared and advanced, Brigitte jumped back without thinking and found herself falling into the cold water of the pond, gasping in shock and fear. The monster continued to advance towards her and she stumbled out of the lake, her now soaked gown clung uncomfortably to her body and had turned translucent, exposing most of her charms to the ferocious monster as she ran frantically through the woods.

She moved with quickness only an elf could posses through the thick wood, hampered only slightly by the added weight of her wet gown, but she could hear the monster behind her, keeping up with no problem. "Nana!" She cried "Nana help!" She neared the edge of the woods and ran out into the meadow to find Nana running towards her "What is it m'Lady?" The older elf asked, "whats happening?"

"Monster!" Brigitte answered "Monster!"

The creature ran after her into the meadow and gave a powerful roar. Nana screamed in terror as she saw it. Brigitte turned and called up a surge of magical energy as easily as a human might lift her arm and letting it fly at the beast in the form of a blast of iridescent power. It hit the creature and bounced off harmlessly, causing him to give an amused grunt. "Elf!" it struggled to say "Die!"
