 Oh, that magical little box!

God, Nancy and I loved that thing. Our sex life had gotten so much better since we'd got it, well, it was incredible. There's just no other way to describe it.

But...

Yeah, there's always a but, isn't there? Life sucks when it hands you a bunch of but's all at once, but you just have to roll through it and keep going.

The but in our case came in because after using the box every day for a few months, we got to wondering what all else we could do with it. I mean, it worked for us great, but how would it work on other people? How about more than two people in the room? I know, I know! It said right there in the instructions that it could cause confusion if used in a group setting. But we both just felt this urge to try it in one.

Problem was we really didn't know anyone we could just call up and say 'Hey, you want to come over and have a group sex party at our place this weekend? Of course! Bring your husband along!'

So we had to do some thinking about it. Nancy came up with the best answer, we thought. See, we'd heard there was this wife swapping group in a town about an hours drive away from us. They had a web site and everything. I wasn't really wanting to swap my wife for anyone else's. Hell no! I loved the little woman. And I sure couldn't say she wasn't giving me all I wanted in bed!

But, our thinking went, those groups threw parties every now and then, and it said right on the web site that we could come as guests, and didn't have to do anything if we weren't comfortable once we were there. We could just watch if we wanted. I'm sure that anyone who just went to watch wouldn't get invited back, but we just wanted to test it and see what happened. So a return visit wasn't in the plans anyway.

Yeah, it may have been a bit dishonest, we knew that. But we couldn't think of any other way to do it. So Nancy filled out their little form, and they did a quick background check on us. It came back clean, of course. And low and behold, we got an invitation to their next party!

I think I was more nervous about it than Nancy was. Remember, she was the wild one of us. To tell you the truth, I didn't have any idea what to expect. So I guess my mind made up all kinds of things that could happen there, and I would wind up embarrassed in every one of them. But I was going to go.

We dressed up all nice, and Nancy looked hot as hell in the black low cut gown she had on. I just picked my best shirt and pants, and went with it. I didn't really have anything in the closet that said 'wife swapping party' all over it.

On the hour drive over there Nancy had this funny look on her face, like she was really looking forward to this. I trusted her not to dump me there and drive off with another couple, but just the same, did she have to look so damn happy about it?

The little magic box was tucked into her purse, with a fresh set of batteries. We were going through batteries at a pretty good clip by then. Hell, we'd had more sex in the last month than we'd had in any given year before. And every time that box was turned on, with it's pink and blue lights shining on the ceiling.

We pulled up to the address we'd been given, and found it was a damn good sized place. I'd bet it had seven or eight bedrooms. At least. The front had the big columns two stories tall all along it's front. Like you see in the movie stars homes. There was a place to pull up and get out of the car, and someone was actually parking the cars for us.

We got out and watched our car disappear around the side of the house, then Nancy took my arm and we went up to the door. There was a doorman to open it for us, and he checked that we had an invitation. We did, and he let us in.

We felt like what the rich and famous must feel like, right at that moment. Just a taste of the good life. But I didn't for a second forget our mission: to test the box on people other than ourselves.

A wide entrance foyer was just inside, and off to each side of that were large rooms, packed with people. I don't know what I expected, but they all had their clothes on. They were all just hanging out, talking, most with drinks in their hands. Most were dressed better than we were, but a few looked like low priced hookers or pimps.

Nancy was still smiling when a woman in an outfit that looked stunning, and put everything she had on display, walked up to us.

"Would you care for a drink?" she asked us.

I looked at Nancy, and she shook her head no, but I was thirsty and asked for a beer. I had it in my hands about thirty seconds after the lady had walked off to greet some other people just arriving.

So far, I was impressed.

We mingled for a bit, and not a single person there seemed like a perv or anything, just nice normal people who enjoyed spicing up their sex lives. At least that's the way it seemed to me. Nancy may think differently, but you'd have to ask her about that.

We were all still milling about when the lady that had asked us if we wanted a drink came into the room and got everyones attention.

"Listen up, everybody! Welcome to our annual event. This is the big one folks, so make it a good one! Here's the layout. This room is our safe room. Anyone in here is off limits. So come in here if you want a break, or for whatever reason. Even if they're naked, you don't ask anyone in here to do anything. No sex in here, not even husband and wife. Got it? Good!"

"Across the hall is another room like this one, but it's open house there. That's for singles or whatever. You can approach people there, but give them some space if they say no. The furniture in there is leather, so we can clean it up easily. But I'll warn you, it sticks to bare skin. Watch it standing up to fast! Upstairs and to the right is the game room, and that's for orgies. Anything goes in there, and you never know who's going to plug you there. So watch your ass!"

"There are eight bedrooms, and the normal rules apply there. Leave the door open if you want company. Close it if you want to keep your little party private. Respect the closed doors, folks! I don't want a repeat of last years little incident."

She paused, and the room filled with low laughter. Wonder what happened last year? Just made me curious, is all....

"Now, the rest of the house is for your use. Try to keep the hallways clear. I'll step right on your ass if you're blocking one, and I'll do it in high heels, too!"

More low laughter.

"There is a pool out back, and a hot tub right beside it. Enjoy them! I don't have to clean them tomorrow so I don't care what the water looks like when you're done."

That brought even more laughter.

"Lock your stuff in your car, or hand it over to the people just down the hallway here. We have a room setup so no one can get to anything, and we'll keep it safe until you want it back. Any questions?"

There weren't any.

"Okay then. Let the games begin! Lets get naked and sweaty folks!"

As soon as she was done people started to leave the room, some in small groups, some in pairs. One or two couples broke up and went in separate directions. We stayed there for a little while watching everyone, and then stepped into the entryway. We didn't go very far from the doorway to the safe room yet.

Nancy was looking at something, and I looked where she was looking, in the room across the hall. I saw a lot of boobs and bare butts already. People were stripping down everywhere I looked.

I saw one lady lean over the back of a couch and a guy walked up behind her and shoved his cock inside her. Another woman, I think it was the guys wife, got down on her knees and started to fondle his balls as he shoved it into the gals cunt.

These people got started fast!

Nancy was getting turned on already. I could see it in her eyes.

I edged a bit closer to the door across the hall, and there were naked people all over the room, grunting and moaning. I watched, fascinated. I'd never seen anyone have sex before. Not even been in a room where people were getting ready to have sex. Never more than me and whoever I was with at the time. This was something else.

Nancy tugged on my arm, and I turned around to see what she wanted.

"Babe, I can't take much more of this. I'm so wet I want you now! Please?"

"You want to go find one of the bedrooms?" I asked her.

"No! I want you now. Here."

I always made it a practice to give Nancy whatever she wanted. But I hadn't been naked in front of another guy since high school gym showers. Stage fright, that's what I had right then. But I also had something else. A very insistent hard on.

Nancy knew it too, and rubbed it through my pants.

"Now babe! Take me now!"

She pulled me into the room with all the others, and turned around and put her hands on the wall, and leaned forward. I stepped up behind her, pulled her dress up above her waist, and dropped my pants. Then I shoved my dick into her from behind all in one hard thrust. Once I was in her I didn't even notice the others all around me. It became just me and Nancy, fucking away.

I felt Nancy playing with my balls, and it took me a second to realize it couldn't be her. Both of her hands were on the wall! I glanced down and saw the other woman, who had been fondling her husband while he did the other gal, had moved over and was playing with me. She smiled up at me, and I just smiled back and kept pumping into Nancy.

She let out a moan, and I knew my time was about up. I picked up the pace, slamming it to her furiously. But she came first, with a low shudder and a tight grip on my dick with her pussy. Then she moved off of me and turned around, seeing the woman playing with me still.

The other girl looked up at Nancy.

"Can I finish him off?" she asked my wife.

"Sure, why not?" Nancy told her.

The gal took my dick in her mouth and started giving me a blow job. Right in front of my wife! I looked at Nancy, and she had a smile on her face that said it was just fine. Go for it.

So I just let it happen. A minute later I filled the womans mouth with my come, and she swallowed every drop of it. Then she moved off, back to her husband and his swinging balls. Last I saw of her she was rimming her husband, with two of her fingers wildly stuck up her pussy, working them like crazy.

Holy shit! What a party!

A young guy walked up and asked me if he could fuck Nancy. I didn't have to say anything, Nancy did.

"I need a little time to recover," she told the guy, and he headed off to find another target.

"Lets go back over here," Nancy told me, tugging on my arm again.

We went back to the safe room, and sat down on a couch. That was when I realized I had my pants in one hand. I was naked below the waist. Nancy still had her dress on, and it was pushed back down into place. Damn, the couch felt cold on my naked ass!

"I liked seeing you get sucked off," Nancy told me with a grin.

I just smiled at her. What could I say, really? That I hadn't enjoyed it? Get real!

I leaned a little closer to her and almost whispered in her ear.

"We can't stay in here all night if we want to test the box."

"I know," she whispered back. "Just a rest stop. Then we'll head upstairs and see what's going on."

I nodded my head okay. Seemed like a plan.

I got up and found the bar setup at the far end of the room and grabbed us both a beer, and took them back to where Nancy was still sitting. The whole way there my dick was flapping in the breeze, and I didn't even notice. This was unreal.

"Things may happen tonight, Babe," Nancy told me. "Whatever it is, it's okay with me. This is too much of a turn on. What happens here, stays here, okay? We'll never see these people again, and don't even know their names. So if you want to do someone, it's okay with me. Okay?"

I took a deep breath. Could I live with seeing Nancy get it from someone other than me? I guess I can, I decided. As long as it's just sex. This place was way to big of a turn on to expect her to just waltz through it without wanting some of what she saw. She was a very sexual creature, I know that. Hell, these people don't even know what town we live in!

"Yeah, it's okay with me too. I don't want to separate from you, though. Can we stay together? That way at least we know each others okay, and we're not hiding anything from each other."

"That's be great, Babe!" she told me. "I want you there to see it, whatever happens. Okay?"

So we were agreed. Whatever happened, we were good with it. As long as we stayed together.

We sat there and drank our beers, and then just watched people come and go. Most were naked. Some I wished would cover back up. Not everyone could carry off naked without the word 'gross' coming to mind. Most were average people, and some simple stunning.

"I'm getting wet again," Nancy leaned in and whispered to me a little while later. Her eyes were fixed on the room across the hall. There were naked ass's humping everywhere over there. A virtual sea of mens butt cracks, as it were. Here and there I could catch a glimpse of some womans boobs flopping around while she rode somebody laying on the floor.

"And?" I asked her.

"And I think we should go check out the rest of the house."

"Okay by me," I said, with only a little hesitation.

We left the room, and then Nancy stopped me.

"I think we should ditch these clothes before we go upstairs. Where will we put them up there?"

Thats sounded sensible. But I had a question for her.

"Where will we put the box?"

"I'll keep my bag with me. It's a little one, and the only thing in there is the box."

I nodded my head yes.

"Good enough for me. As long as you keep an eye on it."

"Oh, I will!" she told me, slapping me on the arm. "I'm not about to lose that!"

We headed down the hallway to where the lady had said the cloak room was. When we got there we stripped naked, right there in the hallway. Nancy didn't even look the slightest bit embarrassed about being naked around all these people. Can't say I was the same way.

As we headed up the stairway, we took a look around. There were other girls, naked, that still carried their bags with them. I saw a dildo sticking out of one of them, and realised they carried their toys in them. So Nancy wouldn't stand out carrying hers. Cool.

We got to the first open door and looked in. A threesome, two guys and a gal, were going at it. She was taking both of them at once, one dick in each hole. We watched for a few seconds, then moved on.

The next door was closed, and we passed it by. The next was open, and I gasped when we stuck our heads in to see what was going on in there. Five woman, no men. They were in a circle on the floor, each one licking the pussy of the girl ahead of them. Never seen nothing like it! Damn turn on, is what it was! Even Nancy looked like she was enjoying the show. I briefly wondered what she was feeling right then, and was tempted to take the box out and turn it on. But I didn't. We went on.

The rest of the bedroom doors were closed, so we walked on past them.

That brought us to the game room. Holy crap! There were bodies piled on top of other bodies in there! I mean it. It was hard to see any carpet at all. Just naked, sweaty bodies, grunting and groaning and moaning. Thrusting and sucking and fucking. Well, you get the idea.

So this was the orgy room, huh? Hard to mistake it for anything else. We stood in the doorway and watched the action. Don't know how long we were there, but a couple of times we had to move out of the way to let people in or out.

I know we were there long enough for me to get one hell of a boner. It was so hard it hurt just a little. I had a hard time (pun alert!) keeping my hands off of it!

Nancy saw it. She kept looking from it to the action, and then back to it.

A big chested woman came up to us as we stood there, and grabbed my cock. She was a pretty hot lady! Maybe twenty years old, if that. I just stood there and stared at her body.

"Lady, you going to hog this thing to yourself, or can anyone play with it?" she asked Nancy.

Nancy smiled at me, and nodded her permission.

"Good," the lady told us. "Getting hard to find a dick in here, and I'm tired of getting it licked."

The lady pulled me into the room by my dick, and I saw she had Nancy by the wrist and was pulling her in too.

The gal found a little bit of floor space, and she pulled us down.

"Not enough space to lay down, so you get to do me doggy, big guy."

She got down on all fours, her legs on one side of someones prone body and her arms on the other.

I hesitated, and she turned around to look over her shoulder at me. I was still nervous, and my wife was right there! Would she really care if I fucked this gal? She answered that by reaching down between us and guiding my dick into the gals pussy.

Then Nancy reached behind me and as I pumped into the cunt, she grabbed my balls and played with them. See, the box had taught her how much us guys liked that. The box was a great teaching aide, for sure.

The girl was right, she needed a dick. She came in only a couple of minutes. Then she turned around and smiled at me.

"Fill me up, boy! You've earned it!" she told me.

I looked over at Nancy, and while she was still playing with my two boys, she had company. There was a guy under her, lapping away at her cunt like a thirsty dog.

I shot my load into the girls pussy. She was a young and tight one, and I'm surprised I lasted that long.

The girl turned around and kissed me quick on the mouth, and then she was crawling off, over all the bodies, looking for the next thing she saw hanging loose, I'd guess.

Nancy got my attention and motioned for me to turn towards her, and when I did she cleaned my dick off, licking it spotless. The guy was still there, licking her pussy. Then she tossed her head back and came. I'd recognize one of her orgasm's anywhere.

When she was done we got up and left the room.

If someone had told me I'd some day be walking around someone else's home with my wife, both of us stark naked except for her little purse, while all around us people fucked their brains out, I'd have told them they were nuts. But here we were doing just that.

Crazy.

And exciting, and wild and well, I already said crazy, didn't I? Well, it deserves mentioning twice. It was for sure all of that. Hell, little old insecure me was stepping over people screwing like rabbits, with my dick, now soft, hanging out for all to see. Crazy.

Guess I can't use that word enough. Crazy.

And all so we could test a little box out, and see what effect it would have on a crowd.

You may be wondering why we didn't just turn the thing on right then, or even earlier. Well, you go to an orgy and see if you stay soft. I couldn't. And Nancy, her wild side really showing off today, was just as turned on as I was.

I guess we could have, and maybe even should have, just turned it on. But this was all new to me and Nancy, and we wanted to see what it was like. I never intended to go there and fuck anyone, but we'd known it may happen. Obviously, it did.

Nancy led me back down the hallway past all the bedroom doors. Only two were open. She peeked into the first one we got to, and then pulled back trying to stifle a laugh. I peeked around the corner to see what was so funny.

Laying flat on her back on the bed was an older woman. She had to be sixty, at least. She was getting pumped by a younger guy, twenty or twenty two, at the most. Another guy, he looked middle aged to me, was getting sucked off by granny. Okay, so granny liked younger guys. If she could keep it going at that age, good for her.

I pulled my head back out into the hallway and shot Nancy a questioning look. She just pointed back into the room, off to the left. I stuck my head back in to see what she was going on about.
