 As a little warning before you go any further, this story is a bit of a slowburn. Reina, the female protagonist, is a character I think I might use again, so I wanted to provide a good amount of background for her, just in case. As a result, though, there is also a good amount of time spent on exposition. Additionally, there are some light elements of gentle femdom included, so keep that in mind if that kind of thing turns you off. Okay, that's it for the warnings. I hope you enjoy this story! Feedback is appreciated :)

*****

Reina limped forward, globules of dark crimson falling from her arm and onto the forest floor with each step. She had no clue where in the Great Green Sea she was, but hoped that by following the small stream running nearby she'd be able to find civilization before blood loss caused her to pass out. At present, the chances of that happening weren't looking great.

The wound on Reina's arm was deep, and leaking a frightening amount of blood. She was losing so much blood that, if she'd that much collected fluid, she might say it was more than her whole body held. Despite even the constant pressure Reina applied to the gash, and the make-shift gauze she'd ripped from her shirt wrapped around it, red blood continued to flow down to her hand and drip off her fingers. She was nearing the door to death, and all because of that damned ogre snake.

The massive serpent had been terrorizing foragers from the village for weeks, attacking and injuring all that passed into its expansive territory. They didn't know where it had come from or why the snake arrived so spontaneously, but the villagers were sure that something needed to be done to stop it. So, like any small village that has monster needing to be killed, they put an ad out soliciting adventurers and mercenaries to come solve their pesky problem for a respectable sum of gold.

Reina saw the ad posted in a tavern two villages away and, as she was somewhat low on funds at the time, decided to take up the quest. The request seemed simple enough; not too far from her usual assignments. In the vernacular of the era, Reina would be called an "knight errant" of sorts—though she'd never been 'officially' knighted by a regent. What Reina did have, though, was a battle-tested, impeccably-sharpened sword and a nice suit of chainmail.

Her profession was one that required street-smarts and lean muscle, things Reina had in spades. It was only natural that she use those skills to earn coin. How does that saying go? "Stick to your strengths"? Either way, that's the motto she stuck to.

Reina ventured into the Great Green Sea, the infamous forest, after talking to a few of the ogre snake's victims and tracking the monster by the unique, cylindrically-shaped marks it left in the soil. With her honed senses and sharp wits, it took her only three days to find ta cave matching the victims' descriptions—the piles of wolf bones surrounding its entrance were a dead giveaway.

Reina descended cautiously into the cave, an oily torch shining in her hand, casting mysterious shadows on the walls. She came face-to-face with the beast in the bowels of its cave, just as she was beginning to suspect it had gone out to hunt. Ogre snakes are regarded for their massive size, substantial intellect, as well as the two horns which traditionally jut from their heads. It was these intimidating horns which stood out most in that damp cave; for they weren't just decorative. Ogre snakes have a tendency to use their horns to gore prey. This particular snake happened to have a rotting human head stuck on one of its horns, attesting to that legend.

The moment the torchlight struck the beast's scales, Reina knew there would be no turning back. She dodged a lightning-quick strike from the ogre snake, its curved fangs hitting the cave wall instead of her skull. Reina hacked at the monster with her sword, making gashes into its rough skin and chopping off hunks of flesh. The snake resisted, thrashed at her, sending her flying with the force of its strong muscles. Her torch fell to the ground as well, and she left it to burn where it lay. She had other business to attend to, monster killing business.

It continued like this for some time, with Reina wounding the snake before having to dodge and lunge, or brace to receive a side-swipe. The cave was filled with hisses and the sound of her battle cries. She got bruised and battered, but Reina eventually won out when the snake lunged straight ahead in an attempt to run her through with its horns, giving her a chance to roll to the side, while at the same time exposing the beasts head. An opportunity Reina did not squander, getting up with enough speed to stab into her sword into its skull. She bore down on the weapon's hilt with all of her strength, pushing through the hard bone to get to the snake's brain. It's forked tongue thrashed in the air as the ogre snake let out one last, ear-piercing hiss before going silent.

It was all very heroic, what with her essentially saving the village, but Reina wasn't thinking about any glory or renown as she pulled her sword out of the skull with an audible 'plop'. Instead, Reina's thoughts mostly surrounded the grievous wound she'd received during the fight, a wound inflicted as she was trying to dodge the snake's fangs. The dodge was a mixed success—mixed in that she had avoided instant death, but was simultaneously caught on the arm by a sharp fang. The tooth ripped her chainmail like it was burlap, and scraped all the way down to the bone.

So it was with this agonizing pain that Reina stumbled out of the cave, still having enough wits to take off her chainmail shirt, the weight of which was only an impediment now. Before leaving, Reina also lopped off a horn so she could prove her victory. Not that it would really matter anymore. Reina got lost pretty soon after heading back to the village, her vision going in and out as more blood left her body. Now, she was probably miles away from the trail, and gods-know how far away from the nearest village.

What a crappy way to die, Reina thought as she steadied herself on a moss-covered tree. A heavy torpor was making its way through her body, slowing her breath and making her head throb. The forest was naturally cool from the shade cast by its giant canopy, but the cold Reina felt in her body was worse than that. Susurrations from the creek on her side created a low melody that she imagined wanted to lure her into sleep.

Reina forced a foot forward despite these sweet calls. If I sleep, I won't wake up. And if I don't wake up, I won't be able to drink mead or fuck ever again. So I just gotta keep moving ahead 'till I find someone who can help me.

The world spun around her with another step. Bird cries and babbling water filled her ears. Keep... moving. Reina fell to a knee, her energy draining along with the dark, clotting blood. She fought to get up, pulled all of her power together from the depths of her stomach, yet the dizziness and fatigue proved to be too much. Dancing shadows crept at the edges of Reina's vision. She reached an arm out, only to collapse onto her face.

At least the ground's soft, she mused to herself. That's almost as good as dying in your sleep, isn't it? And just as Reina's eyes began to flutter closed, a pair of leather shoes appeared in front of her. Then the blinds closed.

A familiar sound made its way to Reina's ears, a bubbling of sorts. Boiling water? Her aching brain struggled back to consciousness as she blinked her eyes open. Pinpricks of light stabbed at her, causing her to reflexively shield her eyes with a hand. She was lying down, Reina could tell that, and the surface she was on top of felt soft—very soft, actually. Reina recalled the soil she'd fallen on before collapsing, and placed her fingers by her side to feel the surface. Instead of feeling dirt as she'd expected, Reina's hand touched on a glabrous cushion.

"Oh, you're up already?" The voice was lilting and seemed quite relieved that her condition was improving.

Reina's head was spinning, but her wits came back quickly with a burst of adrenaline after being made aware of the stranger's presence. She groped around for her trusty sword, eventually brushing against its metal hilt. Either this is a crappy kidnapper or they just want to help, she thought, slowly pulling her hand away. As her arm moved, she noticed the make-shift bandage from her shirt had been replaced with a new, cleaner cloth.

"Uh-hum," Reina confirmed gruffly. "I'm up." Her eyes were beginning to adjust to the light and she made out an angular face standing away from her. The image resolved to reveal a young, boyish elf male with curly brown hair. There was a pot on the stove in front of him in which something was cooking. A sweet aroma drifted into Reina's nostrils, tantalizing enough to get her to sit up further. The thin blanket that was draped over Reina's waist drifted off as she moved. "What do you have cooking over there?" she asked, rubbing her temples.

The elf-boy chuckled. "That's an interesting first question to have; I expected you to be perturbed to find yourself in the bed of a stranger."

"The last time I was awake it seemed certain the afterlife awaited me when I next opened my eyelids," she said with a sardonic smile. "Plus, I can tell you mean me no harm."

The elf-boy turned around to continue stirring his pot. "Oh? How can you be so sure?"

"Because you left my sword next me and didn't remove any of the armor covering my waist." She leaned her head against the white, daub wall that the bed was sitting next to. "Now, if you were just foolish and do have ill intents then that's okay as well, because as I said, I still have my sword. My condition may be... fairly poor, but I guarantee that you won't be able to rob me or anything when I've got my weapon handy, so it's best to put aside those plans."

"I've got no such plans. I was merely curious is all." He added a pinch of herbs to the mixture and a new scent was introduced into the room. It was an exceedingly clean room, actually; the floor had clearly been swept recently and the windows shone with crystalline clarity—someone had brought a dishcloth to them within the past week. The sheets Reina rested on were clean as well, showing few wrinkles or trances of dried sweat besides what she imagined was her own. Furthermore, the elf's skin looked softer and more pristine than any other person she'd encountered in the last few months of travelling.

There was an attractive quality to the elf as well, one beyond the uniqueness of his race. Reina found herself a little smitten by the innocent quality to his eyes and slightness of his build. He looked like the kind of person who could use some good corrupting, and Reina was happy to help. "You haven't answered my question," Reina said, a sly affect tingeing her voice.

"This little mixture? It's a minor potion to help you with your injury," the elf-boy replied. "I'll take a sip first if you're still not convinced of my innocence." He pulled the ladle up and poured a swig of the liquid into his mouth before Reina could stop him. A shiver ran along his body and the elf started giggling. "It's good stuff, very invigorating. I'd make it for myself regularly if the ingredients weren't so hard to find."

Reina settled back down in the covers. "You didn't have to do that, I said I trust you. I was only curious as to what you were making."

The elf-boy tittered. "I like the stuff. I'd just sneak a sip anyway." He extinguished the fire with a snap of his fingers and left the mixture to cool. Reina took careful note of his magical usage. Apparently he was more dangerous than he looked; even weak magic like snuffing out a flame was rare in this area, a cultivated skill.

The elf turned around and rested his hips against the kitchen counter. "It occurs to me that you don't yet know my name. I'm Cian, ward of the Hjurn elf tribe." He said this with a stupid, harmless smile on his face, seemingly very happy to explain his position. However, being a ward wasn't traditionally an honorable stature to retain where Reina came from—it meant you had no other living family who cared about you. Essentially, bring a ward meant you were unloved by blood.

She put this thought out of her mind and introduced herself. "I'm Reina. I guess you could call me a mercenary, but I prefer the term 'adventurer'." She adopted a more somber demeanor and met the elf's eyes. "I'm very grateful for your help, Cian. There's a great many things I want to do on this planet, and it makes me tremendously happy to still be alive to do them."

"You were in need," he said, turning away bashfully. "The elders told me to always help a person in need."

So cute, Reina thought. He's so freaking cute. I have to have him, no matter what. There was a brief interlude as this realization came upon Reina, an interlude filled with gravid silence which resulted in a rosy complexion appearing on her cheeks.

"So... Cian, how old might you be?"

He tilted his head. "Twenty six, but I'm not sure why that's relevant."

Score! I forgot that elves age differently than humans. Actually, that makes him my elder by a bit. Odd...

"Are you well, Reina?" Cian asked, coming up to place his hand on her forehead. "It looks like your head is somewhere else. Are you troubled for some reason?"

"No, not all," Reina said, punctuating with a cough in the hope that it'd disguise her intentions. "Um... is the medicine ready yet?"

"Hmm? Oh!" Cian startled up from the bed and returned to his pot. "Yes, it looks cool now." He then ladled out a shallow cup full of the purple mixture and brought it over to his patient. Cian motioned the cup towards Reina. "Here, drink this whenever you feel ready to."

Reina downed the potion in a single gulp, wincing at its bitter flavor. When she was done, Reina let out a deep breath as if she'd finished a pint of grog. "Not... bad," she groaned.

"Yeah, the flavor could use some improvement, but when the effects kick in you won't mind it so much." Not long after Cian said that, the wounded adventurer felt a surge of energy rise in her chest and spread along every vein in her body, felt an ebullient sense of invigoration well within her. Even the gash on her arm stopped hurting. "Holy shit, you weren't kidding! This is a great potion."

Cian smiled. "Old Hjurn recipe; I can't take any credit for it." There was a nice, cushioned chain in the corner of the single-room home, and Cian ambled his way into it, happily observing Reina flex her muscles with the strength they'd regained.

"I feel like I could kill a whole army on this stuff," Reina boasted, striking a pose with her legs still comfortably under the covers.

Cian crossed his own legs, fingers interlaced and resting on his lap. "I don't doubt it. I imagine there isn't much out there you couldn't kill, Reina."

"What makes you say that?" she questioned him, relaxing her pose. "You found me beat up."

"Yes... but I also saw the horn that was tied to your waist."

Reina patted the spot on her armor where she had laced the ogre snake's horn, wondering if Cian intended to take it as the price of his treatment. The horn was right where she'd left it, though, dried blood and all.

"Does it interest you?" Reina went on cautiously.

Cian started to blush then. "It interests me that you were able to kill a monster like that... and to only sustain a gash on your arm in return. It's incredible, really."

Reina frowned. "Eh, a gash that almost killed me, so not that great of a performance, actually."

"Most people who challenge a monster in the league of an ogre snake don't get to wound their quarry," Cian went on, now absolutely giddy, "let alone kill it. That ogre snake caused trouble for this village as well, and not a single member of my tribe was willing to challenge it. You're a hero, Reina, seriously."

"Killing isn't particularly heroic, but I do appreciate the compliment. Besides, I don't get many of them to be picky." Reina wasn't a person to usually be bashful (she bashed, but that's different), however faced with such innocent veneration, she couldn't help but look away. Butterflies, or maybe bats, fluttered in Reina's stomach. She marinated in the feeling for a couple of seconds, then a new thought came into her mind. "What were you doing out there? You said you knew the snake was in the area. It could've attacked you, too.."

"I knew the risk,," Cian replied, a slight gloom overtaking him. "However, there are just so many crucial herbs in that section of the forest... I couldn't resist. We have some sick people in the village who needed their medicine, and—" He brightened up suddenly, cutting the sentence short. "But I don't have to worry about that anymore. You've solved the problem for us."

"Glad to be of service. Though I was there on a job, not out of goodwill. The villagers of a human town not too far off hired me to slay the ogre snake because it was attacking their hunters, as well as those like you who go into the forest to collect herbs. The reason for taking the horn was so I could prove the beast was killed."

A smile curled at the edge of Cian's lip. "That's a lot of risk to accept for what must be a fairly underwhelming reward. My people have traded with the humans of that town you speak of; they are not a wealthy bunch."

"Well, money is money," Reina said, rubbing her face in embarrassment. "I thought I could easily take the beast, so it wasn't a big thing in my mind." Cian didn't break eye contact with her as she went on squirming under his praise. "I kill monsters all the time, it's my main source of income besides bodyguarding. I'm just a glorified pest killer, if you really think about it."

Cian kept looking at her with unflinching admiration. It was cute—endearing even— only a little awkward for her. Reina's hand wandered over to the bandage on her arm as she decided to change the topic. "But that's enough about me. I'm boring. You seem more interesting; why don't you tell me more about yourself?"

Cian made a puzzled face and began stroking his chin. "Hmm. You know almost everything about me already. Well, I live alone, that's one. But I assume you could guess that from context. I told you that I'm ward of the tribe and that I make potions as a vocation. No, there isn't much else to tell you."

Reina shifted in the bed again. "Then we're going to have to get a little more personal. You said that you live alone. Does that mean you're single, then?"

"Single?" Cian demurred, the confidence he previously exhibited shattering in an instant. "I don't think that's very relevant information..."

"You haven't given me much else to work with, man. And, I mean, I am curious. Do you have a little elf crush out there? Are they even aware that you're interested in them? These are important questions, questions that cut through to the core of who you are."

Cian was beginning to withdraw in the chair now, his slight body seeming to fold in on itself. "Romance isn't the core of a person," he tried to argue, not appearing particularly convinced by his own argument. "Or, at least, you can't judge a person by the status of their amorous relationships. I do very well for myself, even if it does get lonely on occasion."

"So, you are single?"

"Maybe," he responded in a frail voice. "Maybe I'm okay with that."

"Not too much luck with the ladies? It is ladies for you, right?"

"Yes," Cian said, clearly frustrated. He got up from the chair and went over to stir the cooling pot. It didn't need to be stirred; he just wanted to have something to do that would give him an excuse for not making eye-contact. "But I never said there was anyone from this village that I'm interested in."

Reina looked on with a tinge of sympathy as the sensitive elf continued to pointlessly move the wooden spoon in his pot. "Sorry," she said at last. "Perhaps it was wrong of me to push you so far. But I do want to know you better." A lot better, she added in her mind.
