 If anyone had told him that very morning that the night would find him getting horses prepared for the Prince and his bodyguard, Hafred would have called them a lunatic. Under the merry glow of a lone lantern, however, he was doing just that. The stables were open to the night air, and though the moon rode high overhead, little more than shadows and darkness greeted the eye beyond the outer reaches of that lantern's yellow light.

He still wasn't certain that he liked the way the Prince seemed so taken with Jenrea, but he could hardly fault the man. Even with her looks, it was her easy smiles and friendly nature that truly lightened the heart. Between Garn's solemn introduction and the Prince's insistence, Lord Rufus the Black Dog had agreed to allow Hafred to accompany them. The fact that they needed a guide might have played its part as well.

Hafred just couldn't quite understand what the rush was. When Jenrea had suggested seeking the counsel of Sage Illuminous, he had assumed they would depart in the morning. It had only taken the Prince a few minutes to decide they would seek him that very night. The rest of the Prince's men would spend the night at the Tepid Toad, while the Prince himself, Lord Rufus, and Hafred would make their way out under the cover of darkness. It all seemed unnecessary, but Garn mentioned there was a history between Squire George and the royal family, one which likely made the Prince loathe to trust the man.

At least it was a pleasant enough night, cool and with a gentle breeze that carried the earthy scents of the forest and fields across the small village. Only a few lights here and there still drifted through the night, mostly in the hands of the night watchmen. Hafred knew them all, they were friends and fellows from his youth, or older men who wanted the excuse to spend an occasional night away from their families.

The jingle of mail drew the young man's gaze. Rufus stepped out from the rear of the inn, his armor readied, sword at his side. He strode over to where Hafred had prepared the mounts, and after a careful inspection, nodded approvingly. The younger man sighed his relief.

Rufus's demeanor was one that brooked no failure, even the slightest mistake could cost Hafred his chance at joining the King's Men.

That night, the smith's apprentice was glad for the Black Dog's readiness. Though he expected no trouble, the night was haven for beasts, bandits, and worse. Hafred wasn't one to believe tales of specters and spirits wandering the darkness, like so many of his fellow villagers. Still, the thought of whether the unnatural truly did exist out there was enough to send the subtlest of chills down his spine.

"Alright fellows, are we ready to go?" Prince Cantrol certainly sounded cheery as he approached.

The Prince had donned a shirt of mail over his own jerkin, and though it was nowhere near as heavy as Lord Rufus's, it certainly seemed well made. The material was lighter than steel, Hafred knew that much, but he couldn't quite place it. Likewise, the ornate sword at the Prince's side shone in the dim light, as the jewels on the pommel were casting their own faint glow.

Hafred felt woefully underprepared. A boiled leather chest piece was the only sort of armor he could afford, and his sole weapon was the long dagger he had finished that very night. The unproven blade was sheathed at his hip.

Hopefully, the trek to the sage's house would be uneventful.

The nobles would ride behind him, while he lead on foot. He certainly didn't mind the arrangement. He certainly wasn't a trained horseman, and at night it might be easier to miss the turns and twists in the path from up high on a mount.

"Hafred?"

Jenrea's voice certainly earned a look back toward the inn, and the sweet, buxom young woman offered a sheepish smile from where she peeked out of the back door. Hafred turned from the Prince and Rufus, missing the former's bemused smile at the scene. A few long steps closed the distance to that back step, still relatively clear from the day's sweeping.

She was as lovely as ever, and the sound of her voice calling his name still echoed in his mind. He could hardly offer more than a shy smile, as his own cheeks burned crimson. "Yes, Jenrea?"

He almost didn't notice the package she held in her hands, not until she offered it forth to him. Wrapped in a white cloth were a few bits of food. A half a loaf of bread, some cheese, some jerky. Along with it was a jug of the Tepid Toad's house ale. Without a word, she thrust it into his hands.

Her fingers were so warm against his as he hesitantly took the package. "Thank you, Jenrea."

She beamed a smile to him that near melted his heart. "In case, you know, you get hungry. I know you didn't get a chance to have dinner earlier."

Indeed, he had been so busy with the forge and whatever unknown trance had affected him, and then the whirlwind of being introduced to Rufus and those first critical impressions, he hadn't had time to think, much less eat. He dipped his head to the innkeeper's daughter, and she retreated back into the inn with a soft giggle.

"Ah, but to have the fair lady Jenrea take such troubles, you must truly be a special boy." The Prince's tone was teasing, although not mocking. It did, however, drag Hafred back down from the clouds.

"Oh! No, Your Highness, It's just.. we're friends, that's all."

Prince Cantrol laughed, then just shook his head merrily. "If you say so. I suppose that there'll be no problem if I should try to win her heart, then?"

Hafred wasn't certain whether the Prince was joking or not, but even the idea unsettled him. How could he compete with royalty, if it should come to that?

The smith's apprentice turned guide was given little time for his thoughts, however, for Lord Rufus cleared his throat, "We should be on our way."

It was a merciful distraction, and Hafred hurried on his way to lead them into the darkness of the night.

The way to the Sage's house wound past the scattered buildings that made up the core of the village, then out past the fields surrounding the settlement. The night breeze rustled through the grain to either side of them. With the moon often hidden behind the drifting clouds above, Hafred fixed the lantern he held on the path before them.

Ahead, the eaves of the woodlands surrounding the village stretched up beyond the old woodcutter's hut. The path itself began an ascent up the forested slopes, and the trio followed along. It wasn't too much longer before the few precious lights that marked the village proper faded from view amidst the trees.

How the Sage could bear making his home out amidst the trees was beyond Hafred's comprehension. If it was privacy that Illuminous was seeking, he certainly had it. Few in the village would trespass far past the fields, even those woodsmen who made their living, collecting wood for building and making charcoal. A glance over his shoulder confirmed that Prince Cantrol and Rufus weren't concerned in the slightest.

A distant, echoing howl did stir a comment from Rufus, "I wish I had brought my spear. The wolves out here must be something, with so few to hunt them."

The Prince laughed an easy laugh that put Hafred somewhat at ease. "You'll get your chance, perhaps after we find this Enchantress."

The smith's apprentice shook his head, and redoubled his pace. He knew they weren't far, and soon the trees thinned, revealing a quiet little cottage surrounded by herb gardens and a rickety fence of coarse wooden planks. Although no lights shone from within, a thin stream of smoke rose from the rough stone chimney into the night sky.

Something was wrong, however, for as the three men drew near, Hafred noted just how quiet it was. Where the chirp and flitter of bugs, bats, and night birds had been a constant background presence, they had all fallen away. He raised one hand to call a halt to the others, but even as he did, he caught a movement up amidst the branches, and then another in the brush nearby.

Hafred and Rufus sprung into action at the same moment. Rufus wheeled his own mount about, and drew his sword. A few paces took him and his horse before the Prince, just as an arrow whistled out of the trees above. The clang of steel resounded through the night as the arrow grazed his armor, and ricocheted off into the bushes.

"Defend the Prince!" The Black Dog called a command out to Hafred, but the youth was already in motion, having dropped the lantern he carried and charged.

Another assailant had started a charge from the nearby undergrowth. Lean and lithe, the figure was definitely female, although between the leathers and mask she wore, it was impossible to tell who it might have been. Her own sword remained sheathed, though she had a net in her hands.

Hafred leaped and tackled her to the ground. With a low grunt, they rolled away from the Prince and Rufus. She reached for her sword, but Hafred was quicker, and pinned her arms down. He strained to keep her still so he might draw his own dagger. On the path, flames began to spread in a circle from the dropped lantern, as the spilled oil pooled out from it.

Behind them, Another figure stirred in the darkness, and a crossbow bolt streaked forth with a resounding clack of wood and cable. It missed the prince, and streaked off into the darkness beyond.

Rufus turned his horse and charged in the direction the crossbow sniper lay, while Hafred continued to struggle with the bandit he'd laid low. The archer in the trees remained, and possibly more. The smith's apprentice called over his shoulder, "Your Majesty! Make haste into the Sage's yard!"

Prince Cantrol drew his sword, which shone with its own glow. He spurred his horse onward, as another arrow descended toward him. Hafred blinked as he watched the missile deflect in mid air, as if it had struck some invisible barrier. No doubt the court wizards had gifted the Prince with protective magic before allowing him out of the capital.

The hiss of steel on leather and the squirming body beneath him reminded Hafred of his own situation. Hastily he grasped at her wrist, stopping that blade only half drawn. He lifted his own long dagger from its sheathe, and placed it at her throat. Those eyes, dark and hateful, gazed up to him from the gap between the cloth mask and her hood.

Then his world exploded in pain, as an arrow planted itself in the small of his back. The boiled leather kept it from penetrating too deeply, but it was enough to weaken Hafred's grasp. The bandit woman he'd tackled scrambled away from his grasp, and began to sprint off into the woods.

Rufus came back into view, bloodied sword drawn and in a full charge. His gaze fell to Hafred. "Where's the Prince?"

Hafred raised one hand to point toward the Sage's yard, where the Prince came to a halt. He was still astride his horse, and seemed more exposed there than before. Rufus cursed and began to ride after Prince Cantrol.

From above, the archer in the tree drew bowstring back once more, and fired after the knight. The shaft streaked downward, but Rufus crossed the threshold of the Sage's yard just as the arrow neared his back. With a spark of flame, the shaft incinerated, and the arrowhead deflected off of Rufus's cloak and the mail beneath, robbed of the mass which would have driven it further.

Hafred staggered to his feet, then glared up at the archer in the tree. Man or woman, it mattered not, whoever it was had threatened the Prince. The smith's apprentice drew his dagger up, and threw it.

Whatever had possessed him when he made that blade, it was balanced well, and his aim was true. The blade sunk deep into the archer, and with a startled cry, the figure tumbled to the ground. There was a sickening crack, and the archer moved no more.

With the Prince secured, Rufus whipped his head about, looking for any more who may come from the shadows. Hafred made his own way to the fallen archer, and clutched at his arm. It was a man, and when Hafred ripped the mask from his face, he couldn't help but curse.

He knew the fellow's face, somewhat. He'd been one of Zara Blade's men. The bandit queen must have been bored to send her fellows so close to the house of Illuminous. With a shake of his head, Hafred retrieved his dagger, then as an afterthought, collected the bandit's own short sword, bow, and arrows. Every movement was an agony, with the arrow still jutting from his back. It was through sheer adrenaline and determination that he managed to stagger into the Sage's yard, before the world went dark.

How long he lay in darkness, he did not know, but amidst the shadows and gradual sparkle of colors behind his eyes, a shape began to manifest. Vaguely female, it appeared as an angel to his thoughts, and a woman's voice called forth his name within his mind. Hafred thought it sounded like Jenrea, but he couldn't be certain.

He felt her warm arms slip about him, the softness of her body against his, lifting him as if from a dark place. Slowly, the darkness slipped away, and he felt as if she were pulling him upward into a brilliant, blinding light.

With a gasp, Hafred sat up, and his eyes shot open. Almost immediately, a sharp pain in his lower back had him descending back into the soft blankets upon which he had been laid. No heavenly visions swam about him, just the soft glow of candles throughout the room.

Shirtless, a fresh set of bandages had been bound about Hafred's torso, and he had to assume the smell of strange poultices and herbs was emanating from whatever he had been treated with. It wasn't an unpleasant smell, but certainly a bit medicinal for his taste.

The room itself was cluttered. The bed he lay in was sturdy enough, and nearby was a table, upon which a few vials were scattered amidst candles and a burner from which a single stick of incense sent a largely useless drift of scented smoke. More candles glowed from a high shelf along one wall, and beneath that were rows upon rows of books, bound and ancient, a collection that must have taken decades to assemble. Within the far wall, a curtain hung across an open doorway, leading into another chamber.

A woman's soft voice drifted from beyond that curtain, though it certainly didn't sound like Jenrea.

Hafred forced himself to sit up once more. This time the pain was bearable, the tug of stitches and the comforting pressure of those bandages did their job with the more moderate movement. He did not see his dagger, nor his leathers anywhere, so clad only in his trousers, he hoisted himself to his feet.

A woman swept through that curtain, and came up short when she saw him standing. She was pleasant to look upon, in a garish, overly done way. Her hair was a rich auburn, her eyes dark brown. She was in her late thirties to early forties, though one could hardly tell. Her curves were exaggerated in the way that whores in the Free Cities often arranged, through use of magic or potions. And it was only right that she should appear so, for it was known that in years past she had been just that, a woman of the night, in Aethwin.

Now, however, Scarlet was the wife of Sage Illuminous, plucked from that far away city to live in the rustic backwater of a distant land. Hafred had often seen her in town, picking up supplies for herself and her husband. Whatever her past, she certainly seemed to care for the Sage.

Hafred had honestly never seen the Sage personally. He had visited the house a few times to bring orders up from Garn, but it was always Scarlet who received them. Jenrea had spoken with the Sage directly, so he knew the man had to exist.

"Oh, so I see you're up then. Silly boy. I suppose you'll be wanting to join the others, then."

He could only nod, and at that moment he did hear voices chatting in the distance, though he couldn't make out what they said. Two were recognizable, at least. Lord Rufus and Prince Cantrol, and another.

"Well, let me go ahead and see to those bandages one more, make sure everything's alright before you go ruining my good work." With that, Scarlet moved to his side, and gingerly rested on the edge of the bed. With a firm touch, she turned him away, to inspect the wound.

Hafred winced, then spoke softly, "What happened? I thought we were free and clear."

The former whore laughed and shook her head. "The arrow was envenomed. Not enough to kill, but between that and the wound itself, well. Let's just say that you're lucky Lumi was home."

So that's where Jenrea got the name.

"So uhm, where are my things?" He almost felt bad asking, but had little time to regret the question, for a tightening of a new bandage sent him wincing.

Scarlet clucked her tongue, "You tried to move too swiftly. Be careful, this will hold, but it'll be a day or two before you can really risk that sort of effort without reopening it. As for your arms, just you wait. They're safe and sound in the living room."

Hafred remained quiet for the rest of the treatment, and finally her hand patted his shoulder.

"Alright there, you're all set to go. But don't go getting yourself killed out there, what would your Jenrea say?"

Her words confused him for a moment, then he blushed. Why did everyone assume? "She's not ... my Jenrea."

"Mhmm, whatever you say. Now go on, the fellows are waiting on you." She waved him on.

He stiffly rose, and joined the others. The small house had few rooms, beside the bedroom he had been settled in, there was a grand living room that served as sitting room, kitchen, and general quarters all at once. Dried herbs and meat hung from the rafters, and the glow of a fireplace lit the chamber well. More shelves with stranger things were scattered about the walls. A sturdy wooden door lead out of the house, but another one lead to a room he had no idea of. It couldn't be very large, judging from the size of the structure from the outside.

Upon a table, his armor and weapons were laid out. The leather had already been stitched where the arrow had penetrated, and it had been done by a hand that looked to have experience with repairing armor. He could only guess Lord Rufus had done it himself. As he tugged the boiled leather breastplate on, and gathered up the other weapons, he turned his gaze back about the room.

There, in a few chairs, sat three men. Rufus and Cantrol were there, of course, but also a young man that hardly looked older than himself. The new fellow was clad in simple white robes, and offered a friendly smile across to him.

"So I see dear Scarlet tended you well?" The young Sage's voice was soft and high, "I am Illuminous. You must be young Hafred, I've heard so much about you from Miss Jenrea."

The smith's apprentice laughed and shook his head. "Nothing bad I hope. Thank you, truly. I'm sorry I-"

"Oh hush, boy," This time it was Rufus that spoke up, with an uncharacteristic laugh. "Your quick thinking got the Prince into Crow's wards, and me too, apparently. If you hadn't suggested getting into the yard, that archer might've had clear shots at the rest of us all the same."

Hafred hadn't known the nature of the wards, but knew there had to be something special about the house. How else could it exist so peacefully out there, after all? Still, he looked to Rufus with some confusion. "Crow?"

"My husband's real name." Scarlet's voice chimed up from behind Hafred, and he nearly jumped. She had been near silent in her approach. With arms full of bundled fabrics, she moved to pass through toward a basket in the far corner.

"Crow used to be my father's court wizard. A real prodigy." Prince Cantrol nodded solemnly. "I remember, when I was still practicing in the yard, and this gangly, awkward boy came in, requesting an audience. He was almost turned away, but then this crow that had been following him talked! It demanded that the boy be let in, and so he was. I don't know what he said to father, but by the end of the day, he was appointed court wizard."
