 Keki followed the rotund foul smelling dwarf further and further into the dragons den. Her travelling companions Rowlo and Herald cautiously walked beside her. They were rather new at adventuring. 

Despite his age, Rowlo had only 10 spells in his Wizard's spellbook and Herald wasn't bad at detecting traps but he was terrible at disarming them. Keki was a warrior but she had a lot to learn. 

When their smelly dwarven friend Gilhad approached them in the tavern and told them of an abandoned dragon cave full of enchanted weapons they were eager to check it out. 

The dwarf held up his arm suddenly.

'Trap,' he stated. 

Herald immediately began to scope it out.

Keki stood beside Gilhad and crossed her arms under her large breasts.

'What kind of trap,' Keki asked 'Can we get around it?'

Gilhad eyed her off, 'Aye,' he reached out and rubbed her lower back 'it's not too dangerous a trap.'

His rubbing moved down lower to rest on her arse.

'Even your young lad should be able to disarm it,' Gilhad stated and squeezed.

Keki flinched away from his touch disgusted. This was one of the reasons she wanted to become an adventurer. She was unnaturally beautiful, with the figure of a whore her stepfather had said. Keki had hair the colour of the night sky, she had large breasts and slender hips, pink full lips and high cheekbones denoting her elven heritage on her father's side. It earned her a lot of unwanted attention.

'Got it!' Herald stood up looking very pleased with himself at disarming the trap.

'Well done young master rogue,' Gilhad nodded 'It's not far now.'

Another twenty minutes had them standing before the vault, the door already wide open.

'Has someone already been here?' Rowlo asked dejectedly.

'Aye, that'd be me, lad,' Gilhad stated and jerked the door open wide.

There was a small mountain of gold, jewels and weaponry stashed across the room. Herald laughed and ran inside throwing himself upon the massive pile of wealth.

'I don't understand,' Rowlo asked 'If you already opened the vault, why did you need us?'

'Needed the hands to carry it,' Gilhad stated 'And partners to help me sell some of the enchanted stuff, partners who do a lot of travellin' and meet a lot of the adventurin ' type.'

Keki hurried in picking up anything sharp and pointy waiting for that elated buzzy feeling one gets when they pick up a weapon with a high enchantment. Keki was looking so intently at the ground she bumped her head into a pole.

Keki looked up to see the most beautiful armour she had ever seen. It was a woman's chest piece that only just covered the breasts of the mannequin it sat on. The chest piece extended down to cover the waist and the abdomen but stopped just above the genitals. A piece of cloth hung from the armour to cover the wearer's virtue. 

Keki lifted the cloth to see if there was more metal underneath but there was not. It was crotchless armour. 

'Not exactly practical,' Keki murmured 'but beautiful.'

Keki touched the engraving and a massive shock went up her arm.

'Rowlo!' she yelled in shock.

Rowlo came hurrying over, coins scattering under his feet.

'Wow,' he said as he got close.

'What level armour is it?' Keki asked in wonder.

Rowlo held out his hand and it glowed as he cast a spell.

'I...I can't tell,' Rowlo gaped.

'What do you mean? I thought you had the spell that tells you the level of an enchanted weapon?'

'I do, the only time it wouldn't work was if...it was a really, really, really powerful enchantment,' Rowlo remarked.

'Well then,' Keki remarked, she could always just wear her normal leathers underneath it. 

The half-elven warrior picked up the armour and the feeling of power surged through her again.

'Wait!' Rowlo said before she could put it on.

'What?' Keki asked.

'I wouldn't do that, not until we know what the enchantment is, and what the armour actually does,' Rowlo stated.

'I'm sure it's fine, it probably makes me really strong, or increases my gift with the sword,' Keki shrugged.

'Maybe, but I've heard some real horror stories about cursed items,' Rowlo cautioned 'Best to wait until we can get it appraised by someone more powerful. It will only take a day or two.'

Keki sighed but opened her bag of holding and placed the armour inside.

Keki finished brushing her long ebony locks and reached out to run her fingers over the engraving of the beautiful armour on the table beside her. Two days since they returned and still they had not found someone who could appraise the armour. 

Two days of Herald, Rowlo and Gilhad pissing their gold away on drink whilst she sat wondering what kind of ability the armour would give her. How much stronger she would be. 

Keki stood up and threw off her clock. Fuck it. How bad could it be? 

The armour covered far too little for her to remove any of her current leathers. She decided to leave them on for extra protection and just wear the chest piece on top of her current equipment.

As soon as the armour was in place her clothes fell away like the stitching simply disappeared. 

Keki stood looking in the mirror in horror. Her clothes were gone all that remained was armour. 

She looked like a whore. Her arms, shoulders and legs were all completely bare. The breastplate 'neckline' started so low that no matter how hard she tried to adjust herself a slight view of her pink nipple was visible above the breast piece. 

The feeling of not wearing any panties or undergarments whatsoever was so new to her. Every time she moved she felt the air gush against her pussy. And she had to move slowly or the fabric concealing her modesty would move first and reveal her bare pink cunt.

She tried to put on her other clothes but they too fell apart. She tried to take off the armour but it would not budge no matter how she struggled.

Keki grabbed her sword and her pack and left the room. 

She hurried down the stairs and into the tavern part of the inn, she had to find Rowlo. Being early she expected few people drinking this morning. 

She forgot that this was a small town and there was nothing better to do but drink in a place like this. The chatter in the room went silent as she entered the main room. All the men were running their eyes over her. 

Mindful that she could not move too fast without giving everyone a glimpse of her pussy she slowly walked toward the door. There were catcalls and lewd remarks but no one touched her. She made it out of the inn safely. 

Rowlo wasn't there and he wasn't in his room. Keki looked around the town. Trying to ignore the looks and rude gestures. She had to be very careful the breeze didn't reveal her modesty to the entire world. 

She hurried to the stables. There was a wizard on the other side of town she could consult and would feel safer on something fast. 

The stablehand who tried to rip them off was standing there polishing a saddle.

He looked up at her in shock when she arrived.

She walked past him and over to her proud mare Alora. She opened the stall door and moved to get her saddle.

Hands grasped at the bare skin on her hips 'Need a hand?' the stablehand asked. 

Keki didn't hear it, her head was spinning as a wave of dizzying heat and pleasure swam through her. 

'I can take care of that for you,' the man offered.

His hands rubbed. Her pussy tingled and grew warm. Her nipples began to grow firm and she resisted the urge to moan. 

He released her and grabbed the saddle with one hand. She could suddenly think much clearer but her pussy still tingled and her breath was still quick.

The stablehand placed his hand against the bare skin of her backside. Keki's body throbbed as the dizziness and heat rushed back. Her pussy was growing wet and she could not pull away. Did not want to pull away.

He squeezed her firm arse cheek and gave it a playful slap. Keki's pussy throbbed and began to gush juices.

He pulled away and began to saddle her horse for her. 

Keki watched in a daze. He wasn't touching her but she was still aroused. That feeling hadn't dissipated. It wasn't getting any worse but she was still turned on. She began to sway so she could feel her thighs rub against her bare pussy lips.

The man turned to look at her and she froze.

'Can you pass me that rope on the floor there beautiful?'

Keki bent down to pick it up forgetting entirely about what she was wearing. Her tits fell out of her breastplate and she heard swearing behind her. 

She froze realising what she looked like. Ass high in the air barely covered with material was probably now entirely soaked in juices and tits fully exposed.

Keki stood up quickly but the man was already pushing himself against her from behind. 

Hands grasped her breasts and squeezed. Keki's toes curled and she threw her head back. The stableman spun her around and began to suck on her tits. Keki grasped at him as he rubbed his covered crotch against hers. 

He pulled back panting and flushed. His fat face red from exertion.

He pulled back the material covering her pussy and gazed her swollen leaking cunt.

He gasped seeing the crotchless armour 'Frigga's whore! You're Frigga's whore!' 

She moaned as he gazed her hot wet cunt.

'Touch me some more,' she begged.

He pushed his fat pudgy fingers into her hot cunt and Keki cried out. 

He freed his cock from his breaches and rubbed it against her bare pussy.

'Oh god, oh god,' he murmured and pushed himself deep inside.

Keki cried out, 'Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,' she begged.

He pounded into her again and again and again. The feeling of his cock rubbing and pulsing inside of her cunt set her a flame. Her body was burning, she couldn't think, all she wanted was for this man to fuck her blind and fill her with his hot soup.

The man exploded inside her and Keki fell to the floor reeling from the fever that had taken her body. 

When she awoke she was still in the stables and Gilhad the smelly, hairy dwarf stood in front of her. 

'Welcome back, Frigga's Whore,' he smirked.

'Why do you call me that?' Keki demanded sitting up and to arrange her strip of fabric so her modesty was covered.

'Because that is what you are,' Gilhad stated 'You put on the armour, you accepted the terms.'

'What terms?'

'I am surprised you have not heard of it, every man know's the tale of Frigga's Whores,' Gilhad got down on his knees so his eyes were level with hers.

'For centuries the gods of Asgard have chosen mortals to be their Champions on Earth. The gods, proud of the marvellous feats their Champions accomplished would boast proudly to one another. It soon became a competition on who's Champion was strongest, wisest, swiftest. 

Frigga goddess of knowledge and wisdom watched the gods fight amongst themselves over whose man was the greatest champion for centuries. When she took it upon herself to ask her husband Odin the King of the Asgardian gods why no female Champion was ever chosen she was laughed at,' 

'Frigga summoned the greatest crafters and blacksmiths and had them work for 20 days and 20 nights. When their work was done she had in her possession the most beautiful set of armour anyone had ever seen. It was nearly indestructible yet also flexible and light. It was made of metals of gold and white entwined together in intricate and beautiful patterns.' 

'Frigga than enlisted the help of the goddess Freya to place enchantments upon the armour to make the wearer as strong as a bear, as graceful as a deer and as fast as a snake,' Gilhad smirked 'Which was what you wanted was it not?'

'Frigga chose her Champion, a brave young woman seeking revenge for the murder of her family, and bestowed upon her the armour that she would call 'Frigga's Flower'. Which also became the name of her Champion and all Champions hereafter that wore the armour.'

'Frigga's Champions became the greatest the world had ever seen. The other gods would grow sour-faced when Frigga strode proudly into the room. Not even Odin's Champion had succeeded against Frigga's warrior women. Frigga grew boastful and claimed that no man would ever be able to best her chosen women,' Gilhad shook his head 'She should have known better than to bait a fox. Loki god of lies and mischief had taken hers.'

'Loki waited until the latest of Frigga's Champions had passed away from the turn of time and the armour once again stood in Frigga's halls waiting for the next Champion to be chosen. Loki snuck in whilst Frigga shared the rooms of her husband Odin to work his own enchantments upon the armour. Enchantments that could not be undone,'

'When Frigga returned to her rooms she found that the armour was...missing a few important pieces, shoulder guards, gloves...a crotch. Those weren't the only changes made to the armour,' Gilhad went on 'A spell would be cast upon whoever wore it. That once adorned they would not be able to remove the armour until death. Any other clothes worn with the armour would burn to cinders in seconds. And most cruelly should the wearer be touched ever so much as a graze of skin on skin they would be consumed with overwhelming feelings of lust. The longer the touch remained the greater the lust would build until the wearer could think of nothing else but to give herself to whomsoever was touching her.'

'Frigga was furious. She raged in Asgard for months but Odin, amused by his wife's fall would not compel Loki to remove the enchantments. She argued with herself whether to even choose a new champion. All original enchantments were still present. The armour would protect the wearer from harm and imbue them with great power. The taunts of her husband won in the end and she bestowed the armour to another Champion.'

'Her Champions from that point forward were still unbeatable in battle. None of the other godly Champions could match the amazing feats of Frigga's Flowers. However, Loki's enchantment held and whenever a Flower was touched she would lose her mind to lust and give herself to whoever touched her regardless of who.'

'The Flowers would give themselves over and over to countless men and women. Frigga's armour became famous in the world of mortals as all of her Champions were astoundingly beautiful. The Flower's were sought from all over and came known to be 'Frigga's Whores'. '

'Frigga lost all taste for this twisted game and locked up the armour somewhere safe with a mighty guardian to protect it,' Gilhad went on 'Until recently when it was slain by a mighty hero and the armour went unprotected.'

Gilhad reached out and Keki did not react fast enough. Gilhad rubbed her knee and the dizzying heat returned.

'Once I saw it I knew what it was at once,' Gilhad stated 'Every man dreams of bedding Frigga's Whore.'

'I waited for the right one, someone truly beautiful, someone worthy to give the armour to,' Gilhad went on and his hand moved higher. 

Keki bit her lip and tried to fight the waves of lust that pulsed through her. Gilhad yanked her legs apart and ran his fat hairy hand up her thigh.

'Then I saw you, so beautiful,' Gilhad stated 'Lips that were made to suck cock, breast so plump and firm. I wanted to fuck you up against the alley wall the moment I saw you.'

Gilhad lifted the material covering her pussy and pushed it aside.

Her shaved pink, pussy was bared before him and he smiled.

'Just as I thought,' he said 'completely perfect. The perfect choice for Frigga's whore.'

He pushed a fat hairy digit inside her cunt and Keki moaned her body shaking and hungry. 

'But you were so stuck up, wouldn't give me the time of fucking day,' Gilhad said and began to fuck her with his finger 'You would never let someone like me touch you. That only made me want you more.'

'Take your breasts out for me,' Gilhad stated.

Keki did so without hesitation. 

He pushed three fingers inside her and Keki keened. Her juices pouring out of her. 

'It was all too easy, to trick you into taking the armour and I knew it would only be a matter time before you put it on. Self-entitled little bitch,' Gilhad went on 'Now I've given the world a mighty gift. Frigga's Whore has returned.'

He took his fingers out bent down and buried his face in her cunt. Keki cried out and grasped his head.

He flicked his tongue repeatedly over her clit before spreading her pussy lips apart with his digits and plunging his tongue inside lapping up her juices. 

Keki's body was pulsing with surges of heat and want and toe-curling pleasure. 

Gildhad pulled back licking his slick lips, juice dripping from his beard. He pulled out his cock, thick and hairy like the rest of him. He pressed it against her cunt and rubbed the head across her pink slick swollen pussy.

Keki groaned and writhed, every single inch of her on fire and feeling so, so good. 

'I'm gonna pound you with my cock,' he mumbled and pushed Keki against the pole 'You're gonna take it and love it cause you've got no other choice. In fact, you're going to beg me for more,' he laughed.

He nudged his cock at her entrance and pushed edging it deeper, the head slipped inside and Keki came in complete euphoria. 

Gilhad laughed and savouring the moment, slowly fed his cock into her tight, hot, slippery pussy. He rolled his hips a little and Keki sobbed. 

'Mmmm feels so good whore,' Gilhad smirked 'This is what hundreds of men are going to feel, and it's fucking heaven.'

He tumbled her into the hay and pounded into her hard and unrelenting. The feeling of his cock pounding against the inside walls of her pussy drove her mad. The dwarf grasped her breasts and sucked hard, biting on them as he drove his thick cock into her like a piston. Keki screamed and begged. She wrapped her legs around him and thrust her hips up trying to get him deeper and deeper, right into her burning core.

'You- see-,' Gilhad hammered the words into her.

Keki looked down at the hairy fat cock, pile driving into her sloppy wet cunt. Her pussy squelched and sucked onto the cock as it was fed inside her. 

'You're a whore,' Gilhad flipped her over grasped her breasts from behind and ploughed his cock into her, her cunt taking it with a slurp once more.

Gilhad brutally began to fuck her like an animal. Keki felt him hit that spot deep inside her. She thrust back onto his cock with all her strength. Her tongue lolled out and her eyes rolled back into her head. 

'More, more, hammer me with your cock!' Keki begged 'Ugh! Fuck me! Use me! Fill me with your cum and then use me all over again!' 

Gilhad took a fist full of her hair and yanked her head up to meet the stunned gazes on her friend's faces. They stood at the entrance of the stables staring at her, tit's bouncing, juice running down her thighs begging for the cock of the dwarf she had despised.

'I told you, she is Frigga's whore now,' the dwarf laughed.

'Let her go,' Rowlo swallowed.

'Okay,' he said and pulled out of her.

Keki cried and reached back for him. 

'No! Fuck me!' Keki begged and sobbed.

Gilhad pulled her onto his lap, grabbed her hair and yanked her up so she was on full display to her friends. He placed his shiny, slick cock at her entrance.

'You want my cock?' Gilhad smirked.

'Yessss, please, please,' she begged.

'Then fuck yourself on my dick,' he told her. 

Keki shoved herself down hard on the cock, forcing it deep inside her. 

Keki grasped her breasts and bounced on the dwarf's cock. She ground herself down again and again. Rocking her hips and moaning, tongue lolling out and fucking for her life.

Herald was the first to pull out his dick and start to stroke. Rowlo hurried to catch up as they jerked themselves at the sight of their beautiful friend mad with lust begging to be filled with cock.

'Ugh, gonna cum inside you,' Gilhad groaned.

'Yes, yes fill me up. Breed me!' Keki begged.
