 Maylene took advantage of the mid afternoon warmth, and strolled through the forest that surrounded her tiny cabin she had rented on the outskirts of a small and rurally populated town. The cabin was perfect! Quiet and isolated from the leering stares of the farmers that took one look at her blonde, blue eyed perfection and openly drooled at her large perky breasts that she loved to flaunt in tight t-shirts, paired with hip-hugging midriff baring jeans.

At 23 years old, she already lived through more then most young women her age, and was determined not to let her recent breakup from her cheating fiance ruin the gorgeous scenery all around her. Why Frank was foolish enough to screw that loose slut that slept with any man that made eye contact with her was beyond her, but she had to admit the other woman had undeniably fantastic DD breasts - and she knew Frank was definitely a sucker for larger breasts.

Didn't he love to tease her large nipples until they were so hard she'd feel as though they could cut glass while he played with them? He loved the way they bounced when she climbed on top of him and rode his cock, moving up and down with each thrust and withdrawal. She loved the way his large hands would grip her melons and squeeze them, then torment her nipples with firm pinches and rolling them between his fingers while she rode them both into a mind and body shattering orgasm...

As Maylene walked around deep in thought with the memories of her last fuck session with Frank and his erotic nipple foreplay, she didn't notice how the trees suddenly seemed to follow her every movement along the path. Their long limbs swayed barely perceptively in Maylene's direction as she moved, their branches seemingly scenting the air as she passed by.

She wasn't sure how long she'd walked through along the path when she found herself in a clearing that was bare except for a stump of a huge tree that been cut flat, and about as large as her table. The stump was at waist level and it looked perfect for laying out on, and after a moment Maylene decided she would rest before turning back. She climbed up onto the middle of the stump's center and sprawled out onto her back so she could gaze at the clouds through the canopy of leaves.

What Maylene didn't know as she lay there, was the forest awakening in response to the fierce sexual hunger that had spiked in her when her thoughts focused on the erotic nipple torment that always accompanied her sexual encounters with her now ex-fiance. Maylene was so engrossed in her cloud gazing that she didn't notice the thin vine with a bulbous tip snaking it's way towards her face. She also didn't notice when the bulbous tip opened and sprayed her face with a fine mist that choked the air from her lungs... and then everything went black.

Maylene awoke in a haze to an odd sensation on her bare belly. "Wait! How did she get naked!??" She thought frantically to herself. She opened her mouth to scream, but the moment she opened her mouth something hard and yet flexible snaked inside her mouth and buried itself in her throat, nearly cutting off her air supply. Her eyes flew opened in disbelief at what was happening to her. When she tried to raise her hands to remove the offending object from her mouth she realized that her wrists and her legs were being held firmly in place by the same kind of hard but flexible object that was making itself at home in her throat. After a bit of maneuvering she found that she could raise her head to look down at what was restraining her, and she would have screamed her terror aloud at the sight that met her stunned mind.

Surrounding the stump she'd laid on unwittingly like a sacrificial lamb, were several 10 to 15 foot tall trees, each one extending a vine and holding a part of her body immobile. On her belly was yet another vine about 4 inches thick inching it's way towards her beautifully trimmed pubic mound. When the realization of what was about to happen hit Maylene, she bucked and strained like a wild woman in an effort to get away from the vines that seemed to want to climb inside her. It was no use, the vines seemed hell-bent

on getting to know Maylene's soft, pink and tender insides intimately.

Suddenly Maylene found herself suspended in the air, and curled into a semi-fetal position, her legs spread about 1 foot apart and her head angled so she could watch the impending invasion of her body. The vine that had been inching towards her pubic mound changed course, heading towards her now exposed pink crinkled anal cherry. The vine in her throat began to simulate a cock's movement, pulling nearly all the way out, and thrusting back in at a slow pace to delve into her moist warm throat. As it slid past her tonsils she'd get the urge to gag, but the vine would pull out giving her some reprieve, and then repeat the process. Maylene controlled her urge to gag the best she could and tried to keep up with the forced rape of her mouth.

The vine reached her puckered anus and suddenly she felt a lukewarm jet spray across her anal opening, lubricating her for the inevitable. She grunted against the simulated cock in her mouth as the vine started to force it's way into her tiny opening.

Maylene was terrified of the 4 inch girth of the vine that she had seen, and tried to tighten her muscles to keep the vine out, but soon realized that the vine wasn't meeting any resistance and slid easily past her virgin sphincter. The liquid that the vine had spurted like pre-cum had the same effect as an muscle relaxant, and enabled it to relentlessly fill up Maylene's tight anal canal like nothing she'd ever fantasized about.

She felt the smooth ridges of the vine as it embedded itself deeper and deeper into her ass, and it felt as though she was going to explode with the fullness she felt deep in her tummy. The vine stopped it's entry at about 9 inches then withdrew until only 1 inch remained inside Maylene's tight rectum. It too began to simulate the motion of a big fat cock plunging in and out of Maylene's unwillingly welcoming ass.

The motion of the vine burying itself in her rectum was causing Maylene to feel the beginnings of arousal. Her nipples became hardened and she was definitely enjoying the sensations of that thick vine sliding in and out of her juicy ass. Involuntarily her grunts were becoming moans of pleasure as the vines slid into her body.

She noticed another vine making its way towards her increasing moistening pussy, this one only about 1 inch in diameter. It had a rounded mushroom shaped tip at the end much like a cock. When it reached her pussy lips and began to rub up and down her slit and spreading her pussy lips apart Maylene was shocked to find herself anticipating the entry of this new vine, her slim body shuddering in reaction to the stimulating sensations engulfing her.

She could feel the tip probing her sensitive inner lips, occasionally lightly brushing across her increasing swelling clit. The vine un-erring found the entrance to her pink love hole, and began to slid itself up and into her wet canal. She shuddered as she felt it gliding deeper and deeper until she could feel the tip caressing the entrance to her womb. She glanced at the vine protruding from her pussy and watched in amazement as it grew a pencil sized tube like vine from just above the point it entered her now dripping pussy.

Her eyes widened even further as the tube like vine opened up, and engulfed her enlarged clit. Maylene moaned around the vine that was fucking her mouth as the new vine began to suckle on her clit, her body racing towards orgasm. The feeling of having her ass and pussy filled at the same time was like nothing she'd ever experienced before, and she LOVED it. She noticed that the vine in her pussy was beginning to feel thicker. It seemed to be growing wider, so wide that it was almost painful to be stretched and filled so utterly and completely.

Suddenly all of the vines began to pump faster, mercilessly pounding in and out of Maylene's tiny frame, her body shuddering with each impact. The vine sucking on her clit began applying more pressure as the other vines plundered the busty blonde's depths. The sensations were so overwhelming! Maylene's mind went into overload as she experienced the hugest orgasm of her life, her sphincter and the walls of her pussy squeezing and pulsing her release around the vines that were fucking her like she'd never been fucked before.

Her body arched with pain when she felt a stabbing sensation deep in her pussy, the vine that was buried there had grown a needle type extension that burrowed through the entrance to her womb. Once it had made its way inside it grew a flexible and expandable tube that replaced the needle-type projection. As quickly as the pain had come, it was gone, and the vine stretching her pussy began pulsing and quickly sent Maylene over the edge again with pleasure as it fucked and pumped it's goo into her womb. The pleasure was so mind blowing from feeling the vine's pumping and pulsing actions her orgasm lasted several more minutes... and then Maylene fainted.