 A throbbing headache and the strain of his own hacking cough drew Hafred back from the darkness which had nearly claimed him. A haze of confusion clouded his mind as his eyes cracked open, and the first sight to greet him was that of his own face, or at least the dim reflection of it in the surface of the stream below. He was slung over a tumbled stone, and a pair of strong hands supported him, keeping him from falling back into the water. He hacked and coughed some more, before struggling to sit up.

His ascent was interrupted when his back encountered something warm and soft. Fumbling behind himself with one hand, Hafred made out something round and firm, full in his hand and seemingly covered with taut leather. When he half turned, his gaze first met the frowning visage and narrowed blue eyes of Zara Blade, then descended to where his hand still lay at her breast.

Quickly, Hafred snatched his hand away, but not before the bandit snorted and mumbled about how she should have left him in the water. He turned near scarlet, and was thankful she didn't immediately deck him.

After a few minutes of awkward apologies, Hafred's head finally cleared enough to recall those last few moments of battle. He'd been thrown, somehow. Marissa had done it, she'd used her powers to toss him like a rag doll. He had been so angry, all because she was threatening the woman he loved.

"Jenrea!" The cry left his lips before he could contain himself, and he cast his gaze about, searching for any sign of her. Aside from himself, only Zara and Cordelia were present. 

Cordelia held the spear and sword that Garn had given him, and when his gaze met hers, she stepped forward to present them. "Hafred," She spoke with a sympathetic tone, "She's gone. They took her to the keep."

Hafred remembered something Rufus had said, about surrendering Jenrea. "Why?" He searched Cordelia's expression, as if she could somehow guess the Black Dog's motives. It was fruitless, she was as clueless as he. The newly minted warrior took his arms from her almost mechanically. The feel of weaponry in his hands and the weight of the coat of mail he wore were still unfamiliar, but something deep inside seemed comforted by their presence.

When the redhead finally just shrugged at his query, his heart fell, but then Zara clapped one hand at his shoulder and offered a firm squeeze.

"We'll get her back." Zara spoke with a chilling intensity. "You and the girl did a great favor for us, and we always repay a debt like that."

"Besides," Cordelia added afterward, "I have some unfinished business with Rufus. And with Squire Ingley."

Hafred nodded numbly, then rose unsteadily. His eyes lifted to the looming, crumbling walls of the Squire's keep, while his hands went through the motions of sheathing his sword. With his spear grasped firmly, he started forth toward that stronghold.

Zara's long legged gait caught up quickly. "Where do you think you're going?"

"Ingley Manor. Where else?"

The blonde cast a meaningful look to Cordelia, before addressing him once more. "You can't just march up to the front gate. Heaven knows what the Squire has set up there."

This gave Hafred pause, and he turned to regard the two women. He felt as if his entire world had been torn from him. The idea that Jenrea might be hurt demanded action from him, and yet he had to accept the wisdom of Zara's counsel. There really was no way a lone man could storm a keep's gates, no matter how ill maintained they might be.

"What would you suggest, then?" He finally murmured, trying to control his emotions. Neither despair nor rage would help him at that moment.

"There is a way," Cordelia interjected before Zara could answer. She ignored the blonde's sidelong glance, continuing, "One of the towers along the rear had partially collapsed at some point. Although the exterior wall seems impassable, there's enough of a gap amongst the tumbled stones that we can squeeze through. We were hoping to keep it unknown in case one of us ever had the need to escape the Squire's custody." She turned her eyes to Zara at the last bit. The taller woman just frowned and looked away. 

The redhead slipped her arms lazily about the larger woman, a light, reassuring hug was given before she turned her head back to Hafred.

"It's not a direct shot into the manor, we'll still have to get through the courtyard, but it'll at least get us past the gate and walls."

Hafred stared at them both for a moment, and just thought it over. Sneak in past the walls, and then go where? He had never actually seen the manor, save from afar. It wasn't much of a plan, but they didn't have much of a choice. Still, one thing bothered him. "Really, why are you helping me like this?"

"Aside from a debt for saving me on the road?" Cordelia's voice rose quickly. "Going to Ingley Manor would give me the chance to finally face Squire George." At Hafred's puzzled look, she continued, "He once served in the Royal Court with my father. He took advantage of and disgraced my mother, and the resulting scandal forced my mother to flee the court. He shattered my family, and I intend to make him pay with blood."

Hafred shivered at the redhead's words. She sounded deadly serious, he would hate to be the object of her wrath. He nodded at her, then finally answered, "Then let's do this." 

With a returned dip of her head, the lieutenant stepped past, and began to lead the way toward the trees. After only a moment's hesitation to readjust his weapons and armor, Hafred followed, using his spear as a walking staff. Zara took up the rear without a word.

Approaching the rear towers of the Squire's keep meant ascending a thickly wooded, steep and jagged slope. The night had long since fallen, and the thick foliage plunged their surroundings into darkness. Only the faint glow of one of Cordelia's enchanted daggers lit their way, hardly more than a candle light and carefully shielded from prying eyes. 

On more than one occasion, Hafred must have been in danger of losing his footing and tumbling to the unknown darkness below, for Zara quickly darted her hand to steady him several times. He hadn't even realized he was close to taking a spill. It was a long climb, and slow going, but eventually Cordelia sheathed her glowing dagger and motioned for them to halt.

Ahead of the trio, the trees abruptly thinned, and the starry night sky showed the crumbling outer walls of the Squire's keep in dark silhouette. They had always seemed so impressive, near impregnable to his young mind. Now, after the events of the past few days and knowing who lay beyond them, they were merely an inconvenient obstacle in his path. The wall itself was ill kept, and though no torches showed any guards patrolling atop them, another glow from beyond them illuminated the upper eaves of the manor house within. The old wooden rooftop peeked over the walls, and looked even more decrepit from the odd lighting.

Cordelia led them in a winding path toward the base of one round tower. It had been such a long time since the grounds had been properly maintained that the forest had encroached all the way to the stonework, albeit with shorter, sparser trees. As they neared, Hafred could see what the redhead had meant. The interior of the tower had collapsed. The stones of the outer shell showed gaps here and there where they had shifted, and debris from the collapse could be clearly seen within.

The sound of conversation drifted over the stone walls, and although Hafred couldn't make out exactly what they were saying, there were several distinct voices, all men. He frowned at the thought of facing the Squire's men. They were mostly fellows culled from the outlying farmlands, opportunists and men of ill temper, given the most basic of training and whatever arms the Squire felt he could spare. Hafred couldn't name a single one among them whom he thought was a decent fellow.

The presence of footmen within earshot necessitated the utmost silence and care, so Hafred watched Cordelia's actions intently as she warily probed around the largest gap. He wasn't sure how even her lithe form could wriggle through, much less himself and the towering Zara. Eventually, however, she began to ease herself silently between the stones. Hafred held his breath as he studied the way her slender form squirmed in amongst the debris. There was no way he could get his spear through, but the rest of his gear would probably fit. He laid the spear aside with a shake of his head. It was a shame to abandon something his master had taken such pains to prepare for him, but it was a necessity.

"She has a lovely ass, doesn't she?" Zara's whispered words just at his ear almost had him leap from his skin. "Look all you want, but remember that it all belongs to me."

Her tone was teasing, and when Hafred shot her a glare, she just let one hand rest on his shoulder. "You need to relax a bit. Go into danger as uptight as you are and you'll be an easy mark."

Her voice was low enough that he hoped she wouldn't be heard, but he had to admit that she had a point. Deciding to get things over with, Hafred stepped up, and began to follow the way he remembered Cordelia trying. He was immediately met with a problem he should have expected. His mail jingled lightly with the movement, and there was little he could do about it. Of course the women wore mostly leather, and even those metal reinforcements here and there were sewn directly to that leather backing. He would have to be quite careful lest he make too much noise.

Fortunately, Cordelia took her time getting through the tangle of rotted beams, fallen stones, and wild vines, so he could follow her along with some effort. With his larger frame, and the fact he had to keep the majority of his mail silenced with slower movements, progress was still a challenge. The sight of Cordelia's slender form before him was more distracting after Zara's words, once she had called attention to her lieutenant's figure, he could not deny how flattering those tight outfit fit her athletic frame.

The way her leather clad rear swayed and shifted before his eyes was certainly distracting, with that dark material taut over every contour. His worry over Jenrea and the need to concentrate on stealth kept him from enjoying the view more. Inwardly, he cursed Zara's teasing nature. No doubt the amazon was endlessly amused, imagining his frustrations.

Finally, Cordelia disappeared through a gap in the stonework on the far side of the tower, and he was just able to drag himself between a pair of fallen beams to follow her. As he staggered out of the ruined tower and into a narrow gap between the outer wall and the wooden side of one of the inner buildings, the slack of his mail slipped from his gasp with a startling jingle.

Hafred held his breath and went utterly still. Cordelia had obviously heard it, for she turned a worried glance back to him. Moments passed, and there was no variation in the tone of the voices emanating from around the corner. No one had noticed, it seemed.

With some effort, Zara finally cleared the last gap and joined them. She adjusted the smaller blades sheathed about her body, and then reached back into the ruined tower to drag her long sword through from where she'd left it. They were all together at last, though he was still surprised a woman of Zara's generous stature and physique had made it through. She must have been far more flexible than she looked.

Cordelia motioned for them to stay, and then crept along the edge of the wooden building, toward the corner nearest the courtyard. Zara grasped his arm and firmly tugged him back in against the wall, as if the slight shadow of the building itself could conceal them from view.

After furtively glancing about the courtyard for a time, the redhead returned, silent as a ghost. She wore a worried expression, and motioned them in close, so she might speak in a soft whisper, and yet be understood.

"There's six men in the courtyard, and the Squire himself."

Hafred was surprised. He hadn't honestly expected the Squire to take matters into his own hands. He'd only seen the fellow twice, and neither time had particularly impressed him. Still, if the noble himself was to be involved with defense of his keep, it must mean someone else was pulling his strings.

"The main doors to the manor are ajar, someone must have just passed through. They're on the near wall just around the corner as well. If Zara and I engage the Squire and his men, you should be able to slip inside."

Cordelia looked to him pointedly, which confused Hafred for a moment. Shouldn't she be seeking Zara's input? The bandit queen herself just seemed rather uninterested, and simply nodded at Cordelia's words.

"Think you can handle it, boy?" And now both women had put the decision on him.

If Rufus had brought Jenrea to the manor, that meant he was likely inside with her. Inside, and on foot, Hafred felt he might be able to hold his own against the old knight. That just left Marissa as a wild card. Hopefully in an enclosed space, her magic would be less useful. After thinking it over, he finally nodded. "Yeah."

He really had no choice in the matter. He couldn't abandon Jenrea.

A broad grin split Zara's tanned features at his answer, and she patted his shoulder. "Worry not, Cordelia and I have wanted this battle for a long time."

The redhead bobbed her head in agreement, though her own smile was far more sinister. "It's time to pay that bastard back for every miserable humiliation he has heaped upon my family."

Hafred still didn't know the exact story behind that, but it was certainly not the time. "Right... well, good luck to you two."

"Good luck to you," Zara cut in, "Go, fetch your lady friend. She has a kind heart, and deserves whatever happiness you can bring."

Her words brought a faint blush to Hafred's cheeks, and he simply nodded. Zara squeezed his shoulder, then made her way toward the opening of the courtyard, beyond the wall they hid behind. Cordelia hastened to follow, her own enchanted blades slid in silence from their scabbards.

Hafred wasn't certain what to expect, so drew his own sword and followed at a distance. If he understood correctly, they were to engage the Squire, and he would slip inside during the chaos. It was a sound plan, but not one which would allow him much time, for two could not likely hold all six of the Squire's men back by themselves. Seven, if the Squire himself intervened.

He didn't have long to worry about the strategy, for as she reached the corner, Zara immediately broke into a charge, her sword swept up and held in both hands. Cordelia was hot on her heels, and Hafred found himself suddenly alone in the shadow of the manor.

Cries of surprise and the sick, slick sound of blades sinking into flesh announced the onset of battle, and Hafred scooted up to the very corner of the manor. A quick peek revealed about what he expected. 

The Squire was the same age as Rufus and Garn, but the years had treated him less kindly. Still, in his mail and with his greatsword he might have been an imposing figure. The confusion which clouded his expression made him somewhat less impressive. His men, stout bullies, the dregs of society, looked smart in their own coats of mail, but were variously outraged and fearful from the sudden assault of the two women. 

Whether they were well trained or not, the men had clearly not expected the gleefully violent blonde or the sadistically cunning redhead they now faced, nor the ferocity of their initial assault. One of the men staggered away from Zara, his arm near severed. Her blade had cleaved straight through the mail he wore, at least far enough to deliver such a serious injury. Cordelia's progress was more single minded. She danced past one of the Squire's men and charged the nobleman himself. Her glowing blades were sheened in crimson, and it was only when the man she passed began to crumple to his knees that Hafred knew he had been slain where he stood.

Intending to draw as little attention as possible, Hafred crossed the several paces between his hiding spot and the grand doors of the manor. One great, oaken door was indeed ajar, and he shouldered past and into the manor's antechamber.

Behind him, he could hear Cordelia's challenge, "Squire George of Ingley! I have come to kill you, for what you did to my mother, Lady Laura, wife of the Black Dog Sir Rufus!"

When the Squire's men moved to intercept the two women, Hafred almost turned back to help them. His hand hesitated at the edge of that door, and it was only when he saw Zara drop one of her own assailants with a knee to the groin that he decided they could handle themselves. He would just be in the way. Reluctantly, he shut the door, and turned to the doorway leading into the great hall.

It was eerily quiet within the manor. The clash and chaos of the fight outside could barely be made out, while there was hardly a movement from within. In the distance, he guessed on the floors above, there was some muffled noise that might have been shouting, though it was hard to tell what was said, or by whom.

Warily, Hafred shoved the second doors open, into the great hall of the manor. They impacted the solid walls with a crash. Beyond three grand tables, a great fire roared in the hearth, and the place appeared deserted. There were no signs of guards or servants. Dishes and glasses had been overturned, food spilled to the floor. Only a lone figure knelt before the fire, on her knees beside a large wood-beamed frame, which she stroked with one hand.

As Hafred strode inside, sword drawn and heart racing, the woman before the hearth slowly stood. Fiery curls cascaded to mid back, and the silhouette of her curves was described clearly by the light of the fire, shining through the gauzy green dress she wore. Although she was unarmed, Hafred still tensed for battle when she turned her dark jade eyes toward him, for it was Marissa, the Squire's adopted daughter.

The hasty change of clothing was not all that was different, for one of those eyes showed signs of swelling and bruising, as if she'd been severely struck at some point before he arrived. Her gaze was not the hateful, rage filled thing he had caught glimpses of at the bridge, instead her expression was one of weary acceptance.

When her soft lips parted to speak, Hafred immediately whipped his sword point up to threaten her, though he was still across the room, far too distant to pose a real danger to her. Still, she flinched at the movement, though hesitated only a moment.

"You came after all. I thought I had killed you."

"Where is she?" Hafred demanded, in no mood for her games, "What did you do with Jenrea?"

Marissa's brow quirked in irritation. "Why? Why is it always her that people want? Why not me?" 

She began to walk toward Hafred, her pace slow and deliberate. Her swaying steps sent her translucent gown dancing about her figure in a way that, even in such a tense situation, Hafred had to admit was quite alluring. Only his devotion to Jenrea, and the ever present threat of Marissa's magic kept him from fully appreciating the sight.

"I don't know, Lady Marissa." Hafred answered as calmly as he could. His entire body tensed, his muscles wound tighter with each step she took to close the distance between them. "Please, tell me where Jenrea is."

Marissa stopped just a pace beyond the reach of his sword, and her eyes positively bored into his very soul. After several breaths of silence, she finally pointed to the stairs at the rear of the hall. "The bitch bedding my father took her. She beat me for knocking the silly girl about like I did, then took her up the stairs." Those jade eyes narrowed as she slid into position between Hafred and the steps. "And just what are you going to do about it?"
