 One rough hand idled upon the handle of his long bladed dagger as Hafred tramped through the dark forest. His boots tore through piles of leaves long left undisturbed as he sought to keep up with the figure before him. The shadow nymph's lithe and alluring form danced in and out of the edge of his senses as she forged ahead, senses that were already hampered by the Prince's insistence they use only the natural moonlight, such as it was. While nearly unable to see their nymphly guide most of the time, Hafred had to follow with haste, lest the whole party become lost in the woods.

He still didn't fully trust the two supernatural creatures, but after their group decided to head back to the Sage's house, the sisters had offered to lead them there through the wilds. Saving hours of travel and arriving before dawn had sounded like a good idea at the time, but after almost half an hour of literally chasing shadows, Hafred wasn't so sure anymore.

Lord "Black Dog" Rufus's dalliance with one of those very nymphs had kept them at the old ruined house longer than Hafred would have liked, though the Prince seemed unphased. Of course, the more the smith's apprentice had to watch that retreating rear end as it faded in and out of the darkness, the less Hafred could bring himself to blame the man. As set as he was on earning Jenrea's affections, even he found the two fae women tempting.

Indeed, echoes of the soft sounds which Elthyne's sister Sthelyne had made still haunted Hafred's memory. Though the crumbling walls of the ruined house had blocked any unintentional glimpse of the dark skinned nymph as she had taken her pleasures with the older knight, the ruined partitions and lack of roofing could do little to contain her cries and moans, or the sounds of her soft, silky flesh in motion.

The imaginings which those carnal noises had conjured in his mind had made him see the two women in a different light.

No, he had to remind himself, they were not mere women. They were unnatural beings of superhuman attraction, the seductive beauty of night made flesh and granted life.

At least Elthyne, seemingly the more serious and mature of the two sisters, had taken Hafred's rejection civilly, and refrained from seeking her own comfort with Rufus.

While Elthyne darted before them, leading the way, her sister cozied up behind Lord Rufus, doubled up with him on his horse. Thankfully, it seemed that even with such a lush form curled in against his back, the warrior could still focus on the task of trailing Hafred through the darkness.

A few paces further behind, Prince Cantrol brought up the rear. He never bothered to urge his own horse past a canter, always seeming so serene and aloof there. It was almost unnerving.

It seemed that of them all, only Hafred was doomed to run himself ragged on foot, for the nymph ahead of him never seemed to slow, never flagged. At least one mercy was granted by the route itself, for as they cut across the landscape direct toward Sage Illuminous's home, they managed to avoid any sight of the Broken Stone.

A shudder ran down Hafred's spine at the very thought of the abominable monument. Never again would he be able to gaze upon its distant silhouette with the same blissful ignorance he once did. Even the mere memories of the unnatural events that took place there made his flesh crawl.

Wrapped up in his thoughts, the youth didn't notice that the nymph he was following had slowed, at least not until he was upon her. Halting himself at her side, he glanced over at her troubled expression. He was about to ask just what was amiss, when she held up a hand to shush him.

Moments later, he heard what had caught her attention. The faint rustle of leaves under booted feet was a chilling indicator that someone was ahead, lurking between the small party and their destination. It seemed the Prince's foresight regarding their lighting had paid off, for while they might have stumbled about in the dark from time to time, with torches and lanterns cutting through the night, the party would have been quite visible to any ambushers, perhaps for miles out.

Hafred hesitantly drew back from Elthyne's side, and retreated toward the mounted figure of Lord Rufus and his distracting companion. As the youth neared, Rufus slowed his mount's pace, and offered a quizzical look. Before any words could be exchanged, the sharp report of a twig snapping resounded through the trees. A string of muffled curses followed, shattering any pretense that the forest was empty.

Immediately, Rufus's blade was in hand. The ringing steel was answered by the twang of bowstrings, and though the swish of the arrows cutting through the air and light foliage was readily audible, the arrows themselves were lost in darkness. It was impossible to tell by just how far they'd missed their marks.

The bodyguard's passenger, Sthelyne, shrieked in surprise, which could only serve to alert those who were hunting them.

Hafred ducked low, and drew his own long dagger. He squinted against the darkness, and spotted a broad shouldered figure rushing through the trees. It was far too large and bulky to be Elthyne, and everyone else was still mounted. Judging the form an enemy, Hafred charged forward, one arm held up, his knife held low. His hand caught one of the figure's, only to find the wooden haft of some sort of weapon gripped tightly there. He clasped his own hand about the wood shaft, and thrust his dagger upward into what he guessed was his attacker's chest. 

He could hardly see anything, yet the solid feel of flesh giving under his blade, the gasp and gurgle of surprised death all served to confirm the thrust had been successful. The looming figure slumped to the ground, and Hafred found himself in possession of an axe, judging by the weight and heft. And a sharp one, if the way the dim moonlight glinted off of the crescent edge was any indication.

A pale, flickering glow suddenly illuminated many more darkly clad bodies, as the Prince drew his enchanted blade. The slender sword cast a ghostly light, and the world was thrown into a chaos of dancing shadows. Every swing of Cantrol's blade sent the long, eerie shadows twisting and jumping, and the glow the blade shone with was tinted crimson as he sliced through a man's neck.

An arrow suddenly deflected off of an umbral filament close to Hafred's head. It was so close, in fact, that he felt the breeze from the arrow's passing as it started an end over end tumble away from him. He focused upon the wispy thread of darkness for a moment, before the lush figure of Elthyne, standing some paces removed, came to his attention. Her gaze lingered upon his as she dodged a swordsman's swing, then her eyes shifted to a clump of bushes some thirty feet away.

When Hafred followed her line of sight, the shadows peeled themselves away from the bank of foliage, revealing a rather startled looking woman in black. She sparked a certain recognition in him, for she was the very one who had given him that arrow wound earlier in the evening. It still ached, and the strain of combat wasn't making things better.

Acting on instinct, Hafred threw the axe he held, and it sailed end over end toward the sniper. She realized her doom almost too late, and although she managed to throw herself out of the way, the whirling axe still scored a deep gash across her bow arm. She dropped the weapon and gripped at her bicep, trying to stem the flow of blood.

Rufus shoved a body from the point of his sword with one heavily booted foot, while Sthelyne apparently decided to be useful for once. The shadow nymph drew her hands apart, as if firing some unseen bow. Each time she loosed the invisible string, streaks of darkness sailed outward toward onrushing foes, and struck with all the impact one could expect of a physical arrow.

Neither of the nymphs seemed at all hampered by the shadows that so limited the mortal men's vision.

"There's too many, your highness," Rufus's voice boomed over the din. "We need to press on, or we'll be overrun."

"To Crow's home!" Cantrol's answer was swift and to the point, and he spurred his horse onward. With a great leap, the Prince's mount dashed forth, leaving Rufus and Hafred behind to deal with their own problems.

Rufus cursed as the prince charged so recklessly forth. He wheeled his own mount about, just in time to deflect the axe of another bandit with an expert sweep of his sword. Three more darkly clad men swept in from the trees, to block Rufus from pursuing the Prince without dealing with them first.

As the Prince put more space between himself and the group, the glow from his magical blade faded. Soon, only the light of the moon filtering through the clouds and canopy above provided any hope of sight. Hafred could barely make out the form of one slender figure coming upon him quickly from his left flank. He stepped hastily out of the way, and his swift reaction was rewarded with the thump of a blade into the ground where he had been standing.

Of course, the shadow nymphs were unhindered, and had free rein to unleash their assault on the nearly blinded bandits. All about him, Hafred could hear agonized cries and swift movements in the dark. He couched his blade, fearful of executing a slash against any of the shapes near to him, lest he strike his own allies in the confusion.

Squinting against the darkness, Hafred found his eyes near useless. The chaotic din of the battle made him question his hearing as well, but when the all too purposeful rush of footsteps from behind him was accompanied by a scent of oiled leather and soot, he felt it could only be one of their assailants. Quickly, he twisted about and raised his long bladed dagger. Sparks struck as his blade intercepted another, and for a moment he recognized the familiar shape of the woman he'd struggled with in the previous ambush. She certainly favored one arm, but still had strength enough to challenge him.

There was little time to contemplate the coincidence, however, for suddenly the forest was lit bright as day. A searing ball of fire erupted amidst the trees, and all about them, men cried out in alarm. Hafred could see Rufus nearby, trying to calm his horse, while on the ground four men fell unconscious from the sudden burns inflicted upon them. Others lay scattered here and there, and still more turned to flee into the woods.

The leather clad woman who had attacked him stood with sword still drawn, hesitating as her fellows began to flee. Here and there, incidental fires had started from where the blast had touched upon particularly dry wood and leaves, and lit the entire area with flickers of flame. Cantrol came riding back through the trees, and at his side dashed the young sage, on foot. Crow's hands were outstretched, and still wreathed with magic fire.

The woman before him swore under her breath, and turned to flee as well, but Hafred reached out with one hand, to grab the back of her cloak. With a sharp yank, he pulled her back and off her feet. "Elthyne!" the smith's apprentice called to the only nymph he felt he could trust to do something, "Help me with this one. We can question her."

Shadowy tendrils slithered up from the ground, and from the nearby trees. Although the scattered flames seemed to play havoc with them, they moved with an intelligence despite their chaotic, leaping nature. All those dark tentacles struck like serpents, to wind about the bandit's limbs and keep her on the ground. She cried out in pain as they wrenched her wounded arm mercilessly.

"Good thinking, Hafred!" The Prince's voice called over the din, as he neared.

"My Lord," Rufus's tone was barely civil, tinged with a mix of anger and worry, "you shouldn't run off by yourself when threats remain at every side."

Cantrol sighed and turned to the older knight, "I know, I know, but I also knew we weren't far from Crow's house, and I figured if these folk were out in force, he surely must know about it."

The prince's explanation did little to mollify his bodyguard.

"Indeed," the Sage chimed in, as he moved to help secure the one captured bandit with something more substantial. "They've been waiting out here for an hour or more. That's why I was ready for when you might come near." 

After applying a quick bandage to the bandit woman's wounded arm, the young wizard looked up from his work, and tugged the ropes he had procured from somewhere on his person into tight knots about the bandit woman's limbs. "Though I hardly expected to see you arrive with nymphs..." His gaze shifted between Sthelyne, who was still on Rufus's horse, and Elthyne, who was on her way over from the shadow of a nearby tree.

"That, dear Crow, is a tale best told indoors," The Prince's response was guarded, and his gaze swept over the shadows beyond the reach of the spreading flames.

The Sage nodded, and swept his hand out in a broad arc. With that gesture, the scattered fires leapt through the air, and back into his hand. Soon, darkness fell once more, save for the steady glow of the Prince's sword. The group, now fortified by the presence of the Sage Crow Illuminous, made their way through those singed trees toward his little house. It was left to Hafred to carry the bound bandit woman slung over one shoulder, though Elthyne was right beside him, keeping watch over her squirming form.

All along their walk, Hafred couldn't help but feel disappointed in himself. Not for his performance in the battle, no, for he felt he held his own. His self recrimination centered around that doubt which had wormed its way into his heart when he saw the Prince take off. For a terrible moment, he had assumed Cantrol had left them to die.

As the diverse party made their way into the protective ward that encapsulated the Sage's house in its invisible bubble, Hafred considered the Prince. Earlier that day, Cantrol and Rufus had been alien to him. Nobles from a court far away, with whom he had no connection. Now, after a night of travels, he felt he could at least understand Rufus. A gruff man with high standards of bravery and loyalty, Rufus was still a man, and subject to the same wishes that any fellow in the village might have. He was demanding because his job required him to be. He was arrogant because his skills merited it.

The Prince, on the other hand, was a total enigma. He seemed pleasant enough, even friendly, but Hafred had the sense that the man was trained well enough in the veneer of courtly diplomacy that anything could lay behind that mask of civility. Despite those few confrontations they had run into during the night, the smith's apprentice still had no inkling of how personally skilled in battle Cantrol might be. Further, though the man clearly had magic weapons and other enchantments, Hafred couldn't help but feel as though something else demanded investigation. There was just something about the Prince that he couldn't put his finger on.

Crow's home was particularly crowded after the entire party piled into it, yet they all managed to find their own places. Once more, Cantrol and Rufus joined the young Sage in seats by the fire, while Hafred was left to guard duty. He stood to one side of the fireplace, watching over the bandit woman they'd captured, presumably to ensure she didn't cause any trouble. The young woman certainly didn't seem belligerent, but one could never tell with captives.

Crow's wife, Scarlet, had initially greeted them all with offers of drinks and refreshments. When she caught sight of the shadow nymph sisters, however, her mood darkened. She wasn't rude, but while the two supernatural beings huddled upon a bench against one wall of the humble home, Scarlet's suspicious eyes never left them, save for what was necessary to tend to the wounded bandit.

Hafred was still puzzled as to why the nymphs had stayed, but the Sage seemed curious about them. It was probably scholarly interest, for fey creatures were a rarity, doubly so for those with the patience to sit down and have a proper conversation. Not that there was much conversation involving them, for once everyone was settled, Crow asked them each what they had found at the witch's ruined home.

In truth, they had uncovered little of concrete value. The prince did draw forth a ragged, half-burned manuscript which he had recovered while Rufus was busy with the nymph Sthelyne. At the time, Hafred had just assumed it was something Cantrol had brought with him, but when the battered and charred, leather-bound collection of parchment was produced, the sage's eyes lit up.

"A witch's personal notebook. You have outdone yourselves," there was a certain sense of admiration in Crow's words. He took the volume from Prince Cantrol gingerly, then began to thumb through it.

"I'm afraid I couldn't make heads or tails of it," the prince admitted, "even with what lessons I could recall." A wry smile followed his words.

"No worries," Crow offered in return. "That's what I'm here for. I'll have this sorted out shortly."

The room fell quiet as Crow set to work translating what he could. Only the occasional, sulking sigh of a bored Sthelyne, and the bustle of Scarlet as she finally finished cleaning and re-binding the bandit woman's wounds broke the silence. Eventually, the sage's wife went about to refresh everyone's drinks.

Hafred fidgeted as something wore upon his thoughts, and when he finally placed it, he couldn't help but lean forward in his seat. "Excuse me, my lords?" Nothing had been said about the nymph's tale after all. "One of the nymphs, Miss Elthyne mentioned that the witch had a daughter. And that, uhm, she was taken into the village."

The more sedate, and in Hafred's opinion, more mature of the two nymphs, straightened at the mention of her name. "Mister Hafred is right," she spoke warily, as if afraid of being chided.

From the hawkish way that Crow's wife had been watching them all night, Hafred couldn't blame her caution.

"You see," she continued when it became clear that she wasn't going to be called to silence, "Our mistress had a daughter, and before the Enchantress who would claim her life arrived, bade us take her daughter to the Village Ingley, and give her up at the church there. We did so, hoping she would find her way back so we might teach her what she needs to know about her powers. She never did return."

Crow's brow furrowed, as he considered the fae woman's words. His gaze drifted back to the tome in his lap, and he turned the pages. He parted his lips as if he were about to say something, but remained silent. Instead, the young sage flipped through the tattered manuscript, occasionally glancing between it and the nymph.

"Mister Crow, is something-" Her words were cut off when Sage Illuminous finally spoke.

"It appears that it has all come together," he spoke gravely, as if something serious had been revealed, though whether it was the shadow nymph's story or the contents of the workbook, or something else, Hafred could not immediately guess.

It wouldn't take long before the sage enlightened them.

"Between your tale, what is written in your late mistress's journal, and what I was able to piece together from my predecessor's records, I believe that I have a grasp of the situation, and it is perhaps a precarious one, at least for Prince Cantrol's mission."

His gaze turned to the prince first, "My lord, I think we have found your Enchantress. You see, this journal seems to indicate that there was an Enchantress in the area which this witch, the nymphs' mistress, was keeping track of. It appears that she was with child at the same time the witch was, and this may have been the impetus between their clash. It was likely a matter of territory, from what I understand of the nature of enchantresses. The Enchantress probably didn't want her own daughter to slow her own ambitions down, yet also wished not to have her imperiled by a witch so close to the village she had chosen to raise the child in her stead."
