 They were led into a beautiful chamber and given a large dinner that they were allowed to enjoy in peace. For the first time that day they had been left alone, and Teri glanced somewhat nervously at her quiet companion. No, he was her mate now, even how strange that felt. He looked as if he was thinking on something. She still hated the sight of him. 

How could she ever have been so stupid as to let him fuck her so many times in the last couple of days? And not once had he concerned himself with giving her release. Never mind the traditions he so stupidly followed. Who cared about tradition when it came to something as private as fucking? And who would have known if he had bothered to give her an orgasm or two? Stupid, arrogant man who always followed the rules. Even in mating her he had followed their silly laws. 

'Chosen by the stars', my ass. What did the stars know about which suited which, and the stars had to be interpreted somehow. The interpreter must be a raving lunatic, she concluded. No, she would find a way to escape this madhouse, but first she needed to build her stamina. It was time to feed that appetite that had been building ever since the ceremony. There would be plenty of time to fool some stupid male jerks later on. 

Her mouth was watering with the sight of all the tempting food and she attacked the nearest plate, starting to gulf down vegetables and fruits formerly unknown to her. Still, the taste was irreproachable. The cooks must be great around this place.

"At least you have a healthy appetite about something," Connor commented as she attacked the next plate. 

"This taste really good," she nodded. "What is it?" She had decided to play nice for a time. No need to alert the creep just yet. He started to tell her about the fruits and where they all came from, eating leisurely at the same time. 

"Oh, by the way, congratulation on your promotion, Gov," she said after having eaten her fill, and leaning back to gulp down something that tasted a lot like wine. Even the colour matched. But the taste was much sweeter. 

"Thanks," he said. "I should know you would like a Governor better than an ordinary Captain," he continued glumly.

"Yes, a lot more power, and not so much time to dog me around," she answered in the same tone.

"Oh don't worry," he said, leaning a bit forward and looking at her as if he meant to eat her or just intimidate her. "I will have plenty of time to teach my mate how to behave around guests, and how to give me proper respect. I have not forgotten you ill-berating my sexual talents in front of the entire council. They will probably laugh at me for years to come, and you will pay for every laughter."

"How?" she asked glumly, not feeling quite so sure of herself all of a sudden. Her hands stopped lifting the glass to her mouth, momentarily struck by the emphasis in his voice. "Are you going to whip me?" she asked him spitefully. "Or spank my bottom? Will that heal your injured pride? I simply told them the truth." 

Of course she had known he would not like her berating his most precious possession or his lack of skills, but then she had never believed she would have to see more of the fellow. She had seriously thought she only had to refuse to marry him, and that would be it. What sort of culture was this that forced people to mate even if they didn't want to? Apart from that they seemed quite advanced. Travelling through space and opening hidden doors was only a distant thought not a reality back on earth - at least not as far as she was aware of. 

"No, you didn't," he replied. "You didn't tell them about how you craved my touch, how you couldn't leave my cock alone or even how you begged me to fuck you in the shower. So, maybe I should remind you of some of those things, mate?"

"Don't bother," she replied coldly. She could not bear to have him take her again. Not when she knew the only thing inducing him was his damn laws and probably his hope to have many descendants, just as he had promised in that vow he had given. No way if she would be his broodmare.

They ate quietly and the silence was making the room feel unpleasant. At last he stood up and left the room. 

Now, he goes to relieve himself with his friends and some willing prostitutes, she thought. She tried to convince herself that was what she wanted all the time, but the thought did not feel too good. Her chest was aching somehow. She felt like crying but no tears were coming. 

She still hoped this was some nightmare that she would awake from very soon, but every time she punched her fingers into the bed frame it only hurt. No sight of any familiar surroundings like her own apartment. Still the velvet carpets and large rooms that portrayed a wealth she had previously not been surrounded with. 

***

The rest of the night passed slowly and she slept for a few hours before waking up again. Still no sight of Connor. Where was he? He must have done exactly as she had suspected. The first sign of a quarrel and he was out of the house. Yes, well, she was happy that he wasn't around. Now she would not have to find excuses to keep him from her bed, she thought, comforting herself with the thought. After all, he had promised to spank her, hadn't he? And no normal husband would threaten something like that if they really cared about the other person. 

Well, that was the problem, wasn't it? They didn't care about each other, and now these star maniacs had forced them together as a couple on the crumbling basis of a star sign. She was getting more and more annoyed. She would have to get some sleep soon. She shouldn't let that creep ruin her sleep as well as her composure.

***

Connor stared into the mug of brown liquor. It was almost empty again. Time for another refill. He raised the glass to poor the rest of the content into his mouth, then started coughing as someone clapped his back at the same time. He coughed a few more times before looking at the unexpected visitor.

"What are you doing here?" Morgan asked while glancing around the almost empty tavern. "Thought you would be busy entertaining that demanding mate of yours and leave the drinking to us bachelors?" 

"Nope," Connor replied glumly, and didn't care to give any more details about their quarrels.

"What? Is the Missis still being difficult? Well, go home and shag her good and well, my friend. That should solve it all." 

"Go away!" Connor snarled at his cheerful friend. He was in no mood to be told how to solve his problems. Right now all he wanted was to drown them. After all, it was not every day a fellow left the army and got a mate on his hands. And especially not everyday he got a Governor-position. He would probably miss the flying the most, and the mate had so far only given him one hell of a headache. 

"You want to talk about it, or perhaps get some good advice on how to satisfy your mate? Maybe a map on how to locate her clitoris so she will be more satisfied?" Morgan asked humorously.

"Nope," Connor replied coldly. 

"Okay, I'll get you some more brain release instead," Morgan said and went to fill up their glasses.

***

A few hours and several glasses later, Morgan could not help himself any longer. "You know, being her mate you can spank her a bit," he suggested. 

"I know," Connor replied. But he knew the spiteful female would probably be even more difficult if he did that.

"I've even heard that some women get aroused by being spanked," Morgan beamed on.

"Is that so?" Connor said only half listening to his friend's ramblings. He doubted his little spitfire was one of them. Still, right now he felt like giving her some kind of treatment. But he did not know what kind. That was part of the reason he had left her alone this evening. He didn't want to do anything he would regret later. After all, she was only a small female. And he was not sure he could manage to spank that soft skin on her bottom without feeling remorse. 

Still, Morgan's suggestion of shagging her long and well had some appeal. Making her come so many times that she forgot to think – not to mention to shut her mouth from saying anything vile. It was a tempting suggestion. One he decided to try out as soon as possible. Being his mate, he knew she would be right for him. And hadn't he known all along that there was something special about this particular female? Had he not felt remorse in knowing he had to leave her to another male after the preparation? And then the exultation by the knowledge that he was her mate? 

At least he had felt it as soon as the first shock had worn off. To know that he would have the chance to feel her contractions around his cock as he pounded into her and making her climax? That he would one day be the one to put a child into that flat belly of hers? And that he would sleep right next to her warm and welcoming body for years to come? The idea was tempting. Through the hardness of soldier life he had never dared to dream of him ever having a mate. 

A female of his own. He had fantasised about it numerous times, as had all the young men of Alpha Centauri. But so few could ever hope to have the fantasy come true, and he had long since given up hope of being one of the lucky few. Now, a new world had opened to him and he welcomed the feeling of hope for the future. He shook his head. He must be totally pissed to become so emotional. Time to stop drinking, he thought. A few hours of sleep and he would show that mate of his how a real fucking should be performed.