 Eralin, borne aloft before them by the erotic wind, was seized by an apparent orgasm before she could continue. The wind pumped her pussy vigorously and tendrils of it slithered up the underside of her robes, so that it appeared as though the wind were claiming her as its own.

The witch bucked and writhed and her moans were gargled and distorted by the wind, which had simultaneously forced its way into her mouth. The walls of her throat exhaled and inhaled so that it was clear the wind was fucking her there as well.

The wind ripped her clothes apart and her breasts, exposed to the world, were slick with the saliva that had escaped her mouth. They glistened in the forest's half-light.

Eralin's legs twitched, her toes curled, she let out one final wind-garbled cry, and then she floated in midair, panting. Her wetness dripped from her onto the ground, where it sizzled and foamed, letting off a sweet pink vapor that caused Jenny to yawn, stretch, and curl up with her head on Sarah's ample bosom before closing her eyes and drifting off.

Sarah had the presence of mind to shake Jenny, but not before the scent drifted into her own nostrils as well. She could feel it trickle down her throat and into her stomach and as she fell asleep herself, she could feel it pushing through to her intestines, as though its goal was to fill her up entirely.

#

When Sarah awoke from her slumber, she found herself in a wide, well-lit room with large, stained-glass windows. She lay in a bed that would have taken up the better part of most rooms, but which in this seemed small in comparison to this one, and she was tied at the wrist by silk ribbons to the bedhead behind her. Her legs, likewise, were tied with silk to the bed's feet. Her clothes had been removed so that she was not only restrained, but also entirely exposed.

The air in the room was cooler than comfortable for someone without clothes, and her nipples therefore stood at attention.

She'd been tied so that she half sat on the bed, and could see both the door into the room, which was large and elegantly carved with gold filigree, and the little steps which led from the room proper up to her bed's small podium. Though it did not occur to her that she was in any way placed upon an altar, nor that the things which were planned for her might not be so nefarious as she'd imagined.

But, what could be expected of her? She had been drugged, tied to a bed without clothes, and (she realized with a startling clarity) Jenny was nowhere to be seen. Things seemed very bad. Yet, as she sat on the bed, awaiting whatever it was that was her fate, something happened within her.

It was as though the fumes which had knocked her out had been asleep themselves, and were now waking along with her. They curled in her stomach and made her feel almost full.

Sarah felt, at first, a warmth in her belly which spread slowly and insistently up into her chest. The warmth made her body tingle as though she were aroused, and so the erectness of her nipples from the cold was soon replaced by an erectness from the warmth. It felt as though someone were tickling her with a warm feather, and her skin tingled from it delightedly.

It tingled her breasts and her nipples strained against the air. Even looking directly forwards, her breasts were so large and her nipples were so erect, that Sarah could see them at the bottom of her vision. The warmth made her breasts tingle as well, though it was only now that Sarah could appreciate their true volume, in spite of having to tote them around day after day. All around her bosom, the tickling sensation spread, moving from there up her neck and around to her lips.

Only after it had travelled up to her face did it begin to spread out to her fingertips, and then so slowly to move downwards through her to her cock, pussy, ass. Sarah felt herself yearning for it to move faster, felt her cock harden in anticipation of it, the blood pumping into it again and again, despite its fullness, and sending it bouncing gently against her stomach with each heartbeat.

But, just as the warmth reached her womb, the door before her banged open with more of a crash than a creak, and Jenny burst through with her arms extended.

"Sarah," she cried, rushing up the altar steps towards her lover and then throwing her arms around Sarah's neck, "I'm so glad you're safe. When I woke up—oh! it was horrible, Sarah."

Jenny buried her face into Sarah's neck, her arms wrapped around Sarah's chest so that her hard nipples pressed into Jenny's arms, so that her breasts were squeezed by Jenny. Far from receding when Jenny entered, the warmth in Sarah's body continued on its way down to her pussy, her once-clit.

When Jenny pulled away, Sarah's eyes had become so glazed over with the erotic sensation that she needed to focus in order to make out what state Jenny was in.

And, the state seemed to be a pretty good one. Jenny had been cleaned up from their tumble, and her blonde hair fell in watery sheets from her head. She wore a tight-fitting, green dress that was supported around her tits to give even her small breasts the appearance of a grand cleavage, and which had a neckline suited for showing this off. It plunged down her throat, and stopped just above where her nipples would be exposed. The dress was cut in the Chinese style, so that when she walked her left leg was almost fully exposed, and so that her pussy was hidden by only the smallest slip of fabric. Though she wore no shoes, her toenails had been painted light-green to compliment both the dress and her eyes.

Only after noting all these things did the tingling warmth reach down to Sarah's pussy, which spasmed violently at its inclusion, expelling a small glob of white girl-cum onto the blankets.

Sarah gasped, and Jenny held her even closer, pressing their bodies together and squeezing their tits into one another.

Pulse after hot pulse assaulted Sarah's pussy, yet left her cock largely alone, and soon Sarah's legs enclosed a gloopy puddle of her arousal. The bedspread dampened around her. Meanwhile, Jenny rose from Sarah's side and bounced around the room, looking at the stained-glass figures and opening the windows to look down. Her ass, enclosed in the thin sheaf of her dress, bounced and bobbed as she walked, driving Sarah's already lust-addled mind crazy.

It occurred to Sarah, in a hazy sort of way, that she was still restrained to the bed, while Jenny was bouncing around the room. And that Jenny surely, should be helping to untie her from the bed. The heat, however, continued to roam about her, fighting her rational mind and making her ooze her girl-cum. Her cock twitched and begged for release, until it overwhelmed her and she fell asleep again.

#

The next time Sarah awoke, she was properly groggy, as any person would be who was drugged twice in a day. He hands were still tied behind herself and, though the tingling warmth had receded, she realized that it must have kept on her for a good while in her sleep. Her legs were slick with her girl-cum and there was a large, dark puddle of the creamy stuff between her legs which reached almost to her shins.

Beneath the grogginess, Sarah felt properly world-weary. Her eyelids were heavy, her hands hung loose in the silk ties. Her pussy felt as though it had run a mile. He breasts felt heavier, fuller, than they ever had. A large part of her wanted to collapse and never open her eyes ever again.

But, there was Jenny to think about. She'd seemed to be all right, if what Sarah remembered weren't in fact just a dream, though this was no assurance, as Sarah had only really seen the one room.

Visions of Jenny passed before Sarah's eyelids, tight dress matching her eyes, butt round and perfect, breasts (though small) pressed together.

These visions gave Sarah strength, and she opened her eyes in hopes of seeing her sweet Jennifer again, though her lover was nowhere to be seen. There was another person in the room, a girl with long, green hair, a full bust, and (strangely) the same dress that Jenny had worn when last Sarah woke.

This girl was seated facing Sarah, but was occupied with a small something held in her cupped hands. The item was as brown as soil, and had many appendages springing from it which made it look like a bundle of roots, though each wiggled about slowly of its own accord.

The girl's held her face close to the bundle and her lips were a vibrant red which bobbed up and down while she whispered to it. Sarah found herself wondering what new thing this was.

A light breeze blew in through one of the windows, and through it, a cloud sailed by closer than it had any right to be. Small tendrils of it got snared on the lintel and drifted about on the floor, though the girl took no notice of them, opting instead to continue talking to what Sarah decided must be her plant.

As Sarah lay there, a feeling of small dread began to mount on her, replacing the tiredness of before. She was alone in a new place, obviously a prisoner, and she'd heard far too much about the forest plants to feel at all comfortable this close to one.

There was a whoosh of fabric, and the witch Eralin floated in through the open window, her robes flapping about in the breeze, her hair mussed up. Clearly, she was in a fine mood, as a smile was plastered well across her face as she said, "Look there now, little Jennifer! Your Sarah's woken up."

At this, the buxom girl with the plant raised her eyes to Sarah and a wide smile split across her face.

"Sarah!" she exclaimed, straightening her back sharply so that her large breasts bounced pleasingly in the sheaf of green fabric.

Sarah looked inquisitively at the girl before her. She surely had the same build as her Jenny, though her breasts and eyes were wholly different. Jenny's bust had always been small, though there was no denying that the dress was the same, and that her tits had seemed larger than usual before Sarah fell asleep. But her eyes had the faraway look of someone confused.

Still, the way she'd said, "Sarah!" (more than the sound of her voice, but the soprano-delivery of it) assured Sarah that she was, in whatever form, her Jenny.

Sarah smiled at the new Jenny before her, and the girl dropped the plant onto the ground as she ran towards her. Jenny leapt onto the bed, which caused her dress to pull past her hips and expose her smooth pussy, however briefly, to Sarah. One second, Sarah was awed by the sight of Jenny's pussy, and also of her new breasts which threatened to burst forth from her dress. The next, Jenny was on top of her, straddling her stomach with her hips and pressing their breasts together.

"Jenny?" Sarah said, "What's happening here? Are you all right?"

Jenny looked up at Sarah with her green eyes reflecting the multi-hued light and her cleavage visible just below. She bit her lip and said, "Don't worry about it, baby. I've got you now."

The sight of Jenny's eyes and of Jenny's tits and the feeling of being so close to her made Sarah start getting hard. Her cock rose gently up until it brushed against the hem of Jenny's dress, at which point Jenny leaned down and planted one of the wettest, sloppiest kisses onto Sarah's lips that she'd ever had the courage to give. Though her breasts were now so large that when they pressed against Sarah's she actually had to lift her butt up in order to make it work.

When she lowered it again, it became clear that she was not wearing underwear of any kind, as Sarah's swollen cock slipped right into her.

Both girls moaned in unison, in spite of the fact that Eralin stood still in a corner of the room.

"Jenny..." Sarah said.

"Sarah..." Jenny said.

And then Jenny began to ride Sarah. She lifted her hips up and Sarah felt all of her slide right up to the tip of her cock before falling back down once more, burying Sarah inside of her.

Jenny began with her hands placed on Sarah's aching tits, a good purchase point for her that sent shivers through Sarah's chest, however soon it became clear that humping Sarah like this was too violent for her own breasts to take, as they swayed up and crashed down with each thrust. So, Jenny moved her hands to hold Sarah's and wrapped her feet around Sarah's legs, the better to thrust with her hips while pressing their tits together.

Sarah did not stand a chance and shot her load into Jenny's sodden hole.

"Jennifer!" she screamed as she came, trying desperately to break the silk bonds and hold onto her lover, though to no avail. Her arms strained against the restraints and her legs hauled at theirs, but she could not move an inch even if she wanted to.

Jenny did not stop thrusting.

"Jenny!" Sarah begged, "Jenny, please. I need a break. I always need one when I cum. Jenny. Jenny. Jenny."

Still, her lover did not stop thrusting and Sarah's cock felt ragged from the motion. Perhaps it was that she'd leaked so much of her pussy-juice onto the bed already, but it seemed to Sarah that none of her cum was flowing out of Jenny's pussy, like it normally would. She felt curious about this for a moment, and then abruptly as anything she felt her abused cock burst another load into Jenny.

Jenny moaned at this and said to Sarah, "I have so much of you in me, baby. Please, give me more."

Sarah had no choice but to oblige. Load after load shot out of her girl-cock and into Jenny's spasming hole. Sarah was dimly aware that the loads she produced then were greater in volume than those she'd produced before, though she could not tell how much larger they were. Jenny spilled not a drop of it, either, but stored it all up in her womb. As the pounding continued, Jenny grew so full of cum that her stomach bulged out, heavy and sloshing, slapping against Sarah's abdomen.

All the while, Eralin stood with the plant in her hands, watching the pair intently. After Sarah had cum seven times in total, she said, "All right there, Jenny. That's enough. Come over here, now."

Jenny stopped riding Sarah, bent over, kissed her lover once on the lips (her swollen belly and enlarged breasts made such a balancing act no small feat), and said, "Don't worry, Sarah. Everything's going to be all right."

Still, when she lifted herself off of Sarah's cock, no cum came out. Jenny held her belly in her hands, her eyes marveling, and walked delicately over to Eralin, as though she was afraid of spilling it.

"You've done a good job, dear," Eralin said, placing the plant on the ground before her. "Now, come over here and stand on top of the tentacles."

Jenny did as she was bid.

"Good," Eralin said. "Now kneel."

Again, Jenny did as she was bid, kneeling so that her pussy was merely a foot or so above the plant's tendrils. She looked up to Eralin with pleading eyes, tears of nervousness forming in them already, and then to Sarah.

Sarah stared, wide-eyed at her lover obeying the beck-and-call of the witch.

"Please, Sarah," Jenny said, "Close your eyes. I don't want you to watch this. I'm always yours, remember. Always."

The plant's tendrils began to shift and turn, reaching up slowly to the present displayed above them. One gently probed Jenny's moist slit, flicking along its length with a curious giddiness. This tendril had a flared head which it pushed gently against the opening of Jenny's hole while two or three wormed their way up her stomach beneath the dress, encircling and cradling the bulge of cum before moving up further to her breasts and wrapping around those as well.

Jenny moaned in pleasure, biting her lip and turning abruptly away from Sarah before saying, "I'm always yours, Sarah. This is all for you."

Eralin strode over to Jenny and slapped her across the face. "No you're not," she said. "You are mine. You both are mine."

Jenny felt the plant's tendrils tense, squeezing her breasts and her belly as the one at her slit pushed through to her hole. She gasped in pleasure at the experience and the tendrils around her belly squeezed it so that she felt Sarah's cum travel down her hole to the waiting tentacle at her pussy. Slurping sounds came from it, so that both girls knew the plant was drinking Sarah's cum.

Eralin looked pleased, and now stroked Jenny's face instead. Her hands were soft and when she kissed Jenny on the lips, Jenny was so aroused by the sound and the feeling of having cum rush out of her that she didn't object, but only whimpered.

When the plant was finished drinking, it withdrew its tendrils from around her, and Jenny collapsed forwards onto the floor at Eralin's feet.

Sarah watched in horror as the plant expanded, going from a small thing held in Jennifer's palms, to something the size of a toddler. It's tendrils waved happily to them.

"Oh," Eralin said, "You both are going to make excellent mothers."